Although I'm publishing this as a stand alone, it is also incorporated into my multi chapter fic "Perspectives" as Gale's PoV in the part that deals with post MJ. I hope you enjoy it and please do let me know what you think :). The train arrives at the District 12 station in the early morning, but it will take me hours – a whole day actually - of aimless rambling around the town before I make my way to the Victor's Village. I am amazed at how well and thriving the District looks in the light of the rising sun. Even after all these years, nearly twenty since the end of the war, buildings still look new, and I'm proud to see that there are many familiar faces from the Seam who now own their own businesses, working and trading in harmony alongside the few merchant families that had survived the bombing. The bakery is clearly visible in the Square, and so is the blonde baker who owns it, but I steer away from both. I am not quite ready yet to face that part of my visit so early in the day. As I walk towards the meadow, I also notice that the Seam seems to exist no more, and neither does the clear, physical divide between the two classes that existed when I used to live here. To be sure, there are many more olive skinned children than blonde ones, but their features are not as distinct anymore. Also, the freedom of movement between districts is slowly eliminating the immediately discernible physical features that used to mark you to the place where you were born and destined to live in. I guess it seems strange to people of my generation, but the joyful, playing children in the streets obviously don't care. My heart fills with a sort of painful happiness when I see young teenagers laughing and walking around the Town without a care in the world. We had missed out on that sort of freedom, but I'm really glad that their parents' sacrifice during the war has secured it for them. Technically, I'm in District 12 for Government business, to speak with the Mayor on the District's security requirements in case of natural disasters. However, that particular meeting is scheduled for tomorrow, and I am well prepared for it, allowing me time to rediscover my district. The Mayor happens to be my old friend Thom, the man who almost singlehandedly reorganised the reconstruction of the District and who's been re-elected in this position for the past three tenures. He married Delly a few years after the end of war and has fathered four children, the last one a little more than three years ago. From what he tells me, settling down with the late cobbler's daughter seems to have the best decision he ever took in his life. However, the meeting that I am really dreading is the one that might possibly take place now, in the warm looking house, I'm standing in front of, if I ever find muster enough courage to knock on the door. Thom sometimes mentions them, the Mellarks, when we talk on the phone, and I know that they are both well, and that they have a child. Johanna and Mellark have also kept in touch sporadically during the years even though I'm not sure whether I am meant to know, especially since my wife never thought fit to tell me about it. They have shared so much during their captivity that I do not even consider denying her the time to speak with someone as scarred by the Capitol as she still is. It is a part of her life, of her pain, that I can never expect to understand, even though it hurts that she cannot share those particular scars with me. Sometimes I tell myself that maybe one day she will. Probably she won't. Johanna and I have a lot of … passion in our marriage, which we use to show our love and to scream at each other during arguments, but I never deny my wife anything, not even if I wanted to. She has a very strong opinion on the extent of my interference in her wishes; basically one opinion that states that there such interference should be nonexistent. She is truly the only person who has managed to make me toe the line and control my impulsivity in the past years. But she is also the one to have provided me with happiness that I still don't think I deserve and for which I have consciously decided to continue to worship the air that she breathes until I die. I try to get my wife out of my mind and focus on the task at hand before I lose my nerve and end up rushing back to the station. I take a deep breath, brace myself, and knock on the door. A high pitched little squeal can be heard immediately from inside. "Daaah-deeee! It's the door!" I hear feet running towards the door followed by an adult's slower gait. A small scuffle, with a lot of giggling, seems to erupt and I hear Mellark's voice from inside saying "Alba, love, Daddy cannot open the door if you're clinging to it!" I had hoped that the child would be asleep by now, but she is obviously wide awake and particularly excited at the idea of unexpected visitors. I am still not over the surprise at the fact that Katniss has agreed to have a child, but the main reason for dreading to meet her daughter is that I'm scared of what she might look like ... what if she is blonde? What if she looks just like Pr- And I breathe a sigh of relief because she doesn't. The child, not more than three years old, is perched comfortably on her father, with her little arms wrapped around his neck. She seems to be just out of the bath, in pyjamas decorated with pink kittens, and with her wet hair pulled back in a tiny braid that arrives to her shoulder. She looks healthy, well and with a look of serenity that her parents and I never had at that age, and I can't help but give her a big smile. She has her mother's hair, and facial features but she definitely inherited her father's eyes and colouring. Mellark stiffens when he sees me, and she seems to notice immediately. That's where I see that she also shares her father's immediate dislike of me. Aaaaand her mother's scowl. "Who are you?" she demands in a childish drawl that I immediately find to be adorable. Mellark recovers and gives me a tight smile that seems to be more for his daughter's benefit than for mine. "This is Mr Gale, an old friend of Mommy's," he explains to her. I can't help wince at his description. I haven't considered myself as a friend of her Mommy for a very long time. In fact, I'm not quite sure as to why I'm here today, but all I know is that I couldn't let the opportunity of trying to set things right pass by, especially since I actually happen to be back in the District for the first time since the end of the war. The little Mellark girl seems pretty unimpressed at the sight of me, and fixes me with an indignant glare before tightening her grip around her father possessively. "My Dah-dee is my Moh-mee's best friend," she points out to me with a furrowed brow. Mellark beams at his daughter before collecting himself and inviting me in. "Katniss has just gone to Haymitch to take him some dinner, she should be back in a few minutes," he explains as he leads me to the living room. There is a delicious smell of pie coming from the kitchen which makes my hungry stomach growl, and the raging fireplace gives the house a special kind of warmth that goes beyond temperature. Everything about this house, from the small clutter of toys on the carpet, to the colourful, child's drawings that are stuck to the wall all over the living room show that there is a lot of love being bestowed on this child between its four walls. The pictures depict various scenes from her life with her parents, and it seems that the girl spends her days either baking with her father, or out with her mother in the woods. I notice that there are pictures of them all together in what seems to be the meadow that used to border with the Seam and I wonder if they will ever tell her that is the place where all the family from her father's side is buried. I realise that I have been quiet for the past minute so I shake myself out of my reverie. "So how is Haymitch?" I ask awkwardly. "He is fine, on most days," Mellark replies. "On good days he comes to have dinner with us," he pauses and glances quickly at his daughter, who has transferred her scowl to a look of unabashed curiosity. "The days are not always good," he finishes quietly. "Uncle gets sniffles sometimes," the girl squeaks helpfully. Mellark shrugs slightly and turns his attention to the child. "Alba, why don't you wait for Mommy to come back to tuck you in while I talk with Mr Gale in the kitchen?" he asks as he lays her down on the couch and covers her with a blanket. "Noooo! Dah-dee it's Cuddle Time!" she cries indignantly and she sits up to glare at me. Brilliant, now I have also the interruption of Cuddle Time between a father and his daughter to add to my list of grievances against the world. Mellark sighs and reaches over for an enormous cushion that is casually lying on the armchair. "Can you cuddle with Mr Cushion tonight? Just for this once?" Alba's impossibly large eyes fill with tears and I honestly think Mellark is starting to die inside. "But you smell of cake Dah-dee, and you are warm…and it's Cuddle Time!" she protest as the tears start to flow. As soon as her lower lip starts to tremble I'm just ready to leave the house and their lives forever but before I can say anything, her father pushes her back down gently on the couch and kisses her forehead. I swear I hear his heart break. "Sunrise, if you are a good girl and do what Daddy says, tomorrow morning you can have extra Cuddle Time with both Mommy and Daddy in the big bed, what do you say?" he asks gently. "In the big big beddie?" "Yes, the big big one." "With you and Moh-mee?" "Yes, all squashed and hugged between us," he replies with a huge smile. "Aaaaall squashed?" "So so squashed under the blankies. You, me and Mommy." "Do you promise Dah-dee?" "Of course I promise. So how does it sound?" he asks. The tears are forgotten and Alba's face lights up as she clutches the cushion and cuddles up to it in excitement. "It sounds v'ry nice," she giggles, burying her face in it. Mellark kisses her cheek and tucks her under the blanket once more. "You're a good girl, my sweet little one" he tells her, before leading me to the kitchen. He silently pushes in front of me a plate of that pie which smell must now be making the mouths of the whole District water. "I guess you're hungry," he says quietly, "I know that the train from Two arrived very early this morning." I nod and thank him, still too overwhelmed, but not entirely surprised, by his kindness, and dreading the moment that Katniss will get back from Haymitch. We make small talk as I eat the pie, and I also compliment him for what must obviously be his cooking. Johanna and I cannot cook, even though