Perfection Lost Prologue Petunia Dursley, a tall, thin woman with ash blonde hair and light green eyes, opened her front door to pick up the morning newspaper from the step. Her eyes widened in disbelief for instead of her daily paper there was a sleeping baby in a basket. The poor child had nothing but a thin blue blanket tucked around him with a piece of paper pinned to the side of the basket. His whole little body was being racked by tremors from the cold. Without another thought, Petunia bent down and scooped the small child from the basket making sure to keep the blanket wrapped securely around him. He appeared to be just a little over a year old. She frowned in confusion as she suddenly felt the need to put the child down. He was disgusting! His blanket smelled of smoke, and he had a cut just above his right eye in the shape of a lightning bolt. The longer she held the child, the more disgusted and angry Petunia became, so she grabbed the basket and note and carried the child into the house. Her disgust and anger only intensified the closer she held the child to her. She immediately unwrapped the baby and threw the blanket in the nearest trash bin. Almost instantly, the disgust and near hatred she'd been feeling faded away. Scrunching her brow, she realized that the baby was her own nephew, Harry, Lily's son. Why would he be left here like this? She unpinned the note all the while balancing the baby in one arm. He was quite the healthy little thing with chub rolls under his chin and on his little wrists. Quite cuddly, Petunia thought as she opened the note. Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, I regret to inform you that your sister, Lily Jazmine Potter nee' Evans has been murdered. This child is her only son, Harry James Potter. I leave him to your care. Sincerely, Supreme Mugwump, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, Cheif Warlock Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore Petunia gasped and began trembling. NO! She thought. Lily couldn't be dead! Where was James? The note said nothing about James. Why was little Harry brought here? Petunia knew in that moment that something was fiercely wrong. She knew that, even in the wizarding world, that children were not just left on a doorstep when their mothers died. She decided to try to contact Lily and James' friends. Hopefully Sirius would know what was going on. She took the baby up to the room that she and Vernon had prepared for their own little one, Dudley. She blinked back the tears as she lay Harry down in the cot. First her little boy had been lost to sudden infant death syndrome, and now Lily had been murdered. She knew that with the profession Lily had chosen that she was always in danger, but murdered? Grief slammed into her heart with a ferocious force as she dressed Harry and tucked a green blanket around the small child left in her care. She swallowed back a sob as she turned on the unused baby monitor and left the room. She had a letter to write. Sirius, I don't know what's going on, but I just found little Harry in a basket on my doorstep. Who leaves a baby in nothing but a diaper with only a thin blanket outside in November?! There was a small note attached that said Lily is dead. Where is James? Why was Harry brought to me if his father is still alive? Please write back, or come by soon. I'm very distraught. I need you. Tuney Petunia folded the note up how Lily had shown her when they were children so that the owl could carry it. She then went out to the backyard and whistled. A small, tawny owl flew down from the roof and landed on her outstretched hand. She was so glad Lily had gifted her with Larry. Yes, it was a silly name, but Petunia had had a crush on a boy named Larry when Lily had given her the owl before she started her second year at Hogwarts. So the name stuck. "Take this to Sirius Black. I don't know where he might be, but I hope you find him quickly." The small owl nipped her fingers affectionately before taking flight. Petunia sighed and went back in the house to check on little Harry. She was terrified of leaving him alone for too long. Oh, how she missed her own child. Dudley had been such a quiet baby. She had thought nothing of it when she'd gone in to check on him and he hadn't made any noise. It was when she'd picked him up that she realized he wasn't breathing. She'd called an ambulance and sent a note off to Lily for help, but the ambulance was too late; and Lily had held her and cried with her after explaining that there was nothing even magic could do. It took a lot for Petunia not to blame her sister for her son's death. Magic could do the impossible! How could it not save her baby boy? But, in the end, she had realized that it wasn't Lily's fault. It still hurt deeply. It had only been a little over a year since Dudley had gone to sleep and not woken up. Petunia and Vernon both had left the nursery just as it was the last time her baby had been in there. They hadn't had the heart to change anything, yet. And now, she was grateful that she hadn't given all of the baby things away. She would die herself before she let anything happen to her nephew. Petunia lifted Harry from the cot and noticed that his eyes were open. He was looking at her with his little head tilted to the side curiously. He knew this woman. She reminded him of his mummy. Where was his mummy? "Mah!" Harry blurted at Petunia. Petunia smiled at him as he waved his short little arms at her. "Mummy isn't here, my little Love." Petunia responded sadly. She wasn't sure if the boy would understand or not, so was a bit surprised when he scrunched up his nose and tried again. "Dah!" Harry tried with a hopeful look in his eyes. The last he'd seen his mummy and daddy there had been a bad man yelling at them. His mummy had grabbed him and tried to run away, but Harry didn't know what happened after that. "Oh, Harry," Petunia sighed softly. "I don't know where your daddy is right now, but I'm trying to find out. Would you like a plushy to play with?" She picked up a wolf plushy that Remus had given to Dudley when he was born and tickled the baby's nose with the false fur. "Mooey!" Harry cried out happily and grabbed the stuffed wolf. If Moony was here, then everything was okay. He hugged the plushy to his chest with a big smile at the pretty lady. "Mooey?" Petunia asked. "Do you mean Moony, Love?" She smiled down at the baby. He was quite vocal for his age. Maybe I should send a note off to Remus as well, Petunia thought to herself as she carried Harry downstairs. Maybe Remus would know what's going on. She was a little sad that her own nephew didn't seem to know her as well as he should have done. She sighed softly knowing it was because she had distanced herself a bit from Lily and her family after she and Vernon had lost Dudley. Oh dear, she hoped Vernon would understand. He'd been so distant since Dudley. They had been so very happy when she'd found out she was pregnant, and Vernon couldn't have been more proud of their beautiful baby when he was born. Petunia feared that Vernon blamed her for his loss and was a bit afraid that he would demand she get rid of Harry. Vernon had never gotten quite comfortable with magic, being a muggle and all. Perhaps little Harry could help with that. Petunia so badly wanted to be there for her nephew like his mother had been there for her after her loss. "No crwy," Harry said as he patted her cheeks with his chubby little hands. He didn't know why this nice lady was crying, but he didn't like seeing her so sad. She looked a lot like his mummy and he never wanted his mummy to be sad either. "Mooey make betta," Harry said while pushing the plushy against his aunt's shoulder like the stuffed wolf was giving her a hug. Petunia smiled down at the sweet baby and went to the kitchen to write a letter to Remus. Remus, I sent a letter off to Sirius, but haven't heard back from him, yet. Please contact me as soon as you possibly are able. I have Harry. He was left on my doorstep this morning with a note from your old headmaster, Dumbledore. I can't believe the man would leave a baby outside in just a diaper with a thin blanket in November! Is he insane?! Please, please write back or come to the house. We still live at Number four Privet Drive in Surrey. I'm very confused about what is going on. Where is James?! The note Dumbledore left said Lily has been murdered, but there's nothing about James. Please, Remus, I need help. Tuney *****HP**** Petunia and Harry were sitting on a blanket in the living room floor playing with plastic blocks when Vernon arrived home from work that day. Petunia was absolutely amazed at the magic the child was already showing. Lily had told her that he was quite advanced already, but Petunia hadn't realized just how advanced. Little Harry was waving his chubby hands around making the blocks float to land on top of each other. They had a very precariously balanced block tower that tumbled to the ground when the front door opened. Harry's head whipped around to see who had come in the door. He was so hoping it was his mummy or daddy. When Vernon walked through the door, Harry threw his arms out wide and shouted, "Fernown!" Petunia gasped in surprised. Harry had only ever met Vernon once, but they had gotten on like a kitten with a box. Her anxiety eased when Vernon smiled happily at her nephew. "Hello there, Little Man!" Vernon responded happily. He'd always adored babies, and missed his son so very much. Seeing his nephew with his wife playing brought a smile to his face. This little boy was just too adorable. "Hello, Pet," he said as he leaned down to brush a kiss against Petunia's cheek. Petunia smiled up at him. "Vernon, something awful has happened," Petunia whispered shakily. "Li-Lily is d-dead!" she sobbed quietly. "Oh, Pet," Vernon sighed, "what has happened?" He put his briefcase on the table and sat on the floor next to his wife and pulled her into his arms. "I don't know!" Petunia wailed as she pressed her face into his chest. His strong arms tightened around her as he ran one hand through her hair comfortingly. "I went out to get the paper this morning, and found Harry in a basket! He was only in a diaper!" "What?!" Vernon was outraged. Who in their bloody right mind left a one year old who was perfectly capable of walking, if a bit clumsily, on his own in a damned basket on a doorstep! In a diaper! In November! His face was quickly becoming a light puce color in his anger. "Yes, I know. It's quite surprising, but I don't know where James is at, or why Harry was left here. I've sent off letters to Remus and Sirius, but no one has responded! We have to keep Harry here until we know what's happened to James. I won't let