Fear. Fear; the exact beast that voracious devour it's susceptible and impeccable target alive. The same monster that completely substitute a victim's mind and dictates with pure sadism and inhumane barbarity. The identical sinful varlet who solely pretension in life is to disseminate and occasion itself into others so it can proliferate the sensation of sweet merriment that it can only receive in its prisoners excruciatingly painful misery. And the whole world was filled, basically generated, by it. It was the powerful source of its existence and the significant fundament of its ongoing rotation which formally develops into the cruel contrivance of another kind of the emotions that are correctly label 'bad'. Pain. Pain; the creation that branches off from fear when it reaches an attitudinal level too great for any perpendicular, unaware soul that it might spring onto in any and many matters or forms. Pain can take the illusion of physical battery and cause fear of being appalling beaten onto the victim in a harsh corporeal manner. Pain can appear in the mask of mental challenges that can confusedly impugn and negatively affect someone when it come to their instructional intelligences or their discreet thinking. But the most hurtful, mysterious torture pain can ever come in is emotional-mainly because love. Love. Love; the most savage monster, the most ferocious demon that could ever be infected into a poor being heart, and when it is directly rejected or merely valueless to the object of the strong, passionate affection... No words could describe the pain. Well, no words that Nico Di Angelo have yet to find. Ever since the victorious end of the Giant War and Gaia was put back to sleep, Nico left and has lived, and continues to lead, a life away from the demigods he was once acquainted with. He packed his belongings the same night the battle ended and when everyone was celebrating the win for the Greeks and the Romans. He left when they all left the field, there he escaped to the shadows like he normally did and traveled back to his cabin to gather his things in his suitcase and he was gone from there. He kept his promise in the end. His took the seven to the doors. He delivered the Parthenon back to Camp. He fought for the Gods. Now he was done and gone. He went away and he never looked back, or even considered the thought of looking back. Not for anyone. Not for Jason. Not for Hazel. Not even for Percy. It's not like they cared, anyway. He concentrated firmly on himself to find a place where there was no one who could ever find him. Where no one could get in reach of him, not even the Gods. Hell, a place without any life form in anyway would be fucking perfect. He visions a place in the northern region of Alaska where no one lived and saw a small empty cabin and he was soon there. He fell face first into the snow-covered ground and landed with a thud. He quickly got up and travel over to the home to begin his new life without anyone else there to fuck it all up. He was alone. Completely alone- and he couldn't be any happier. He was free. Absolutely at liberty from everyone else. He was no longer consumed by Jason Grace and his constant suggestions of his love filled confessions he should perform to his long-time crush nor his always watching eyes on him, filled with endless pity and concerned. He was no longer companied with Hazel his sister who didn't even really want him around, deep down inside. She never really knew him and if she had the chance, she would get ridge of him since she felt like she was nothing more than a second-best sister to him after Bianca died. And, the fucking best of all, he was finally away from Percy Jackson. Percy. Percy; the only person in this whole world that made Nico just want to die and finally be stuck in the underworld with his father forever. And, at the exact same time, made him want to run back to camp and stay there for the rest of time, if he was there. Nico Di Angelo hated Percy with every burning fiber of his being... Yet, he loved the hero with his entire heart, soul, and life. Percy was the same person who went onto the same quest that his sister died on, and Nico wanted him dead on the spot once he told him. Yet, he couldn't let that skeleton warrior hurt him when Percy was about to be defended and possibly killed. Percy was the same person who dropped off the face of the earth for over half a year, driving all his loved one with worry, making Nico being the first one to find him at the Roman Camp and he had never been happier to see him to where he couldn't even hide it completely, to have it all crushed once he mentioned his vague memory of his true love- Annabeth Chase. Yet, he came to his recuse when Nico was locked away in a jar that was guarded by the two Giants that capture him as he was going through Tartarus. Percy was... Percy was his hero. His bright example of a true shining knight in amour that was destine to save the day. Hell, Nico was destined to fall head over head for him and be fucked over by being in love with him for the rest of his life, cursed to never can get over him. He was forever damned to love him. To love him through it fucking all. All the fear he has if Jason ever spilled about his encounter with Cupid and confessing his feelings for him and still lying about being over him. All the pain he had whenever he was around him and his was just being his stupid perfect self with his stupid perfect girlfriend. All the... All the love him had for Percy Jackson... And having to hide it, fake it. Just so he could live with being completely broken. That's why he left. The real reason why he left. He couldn't do it anymore. He couldn't go on with the lie to himself. He needed to get away so he could breathe again and live his life without being hurt. He had to move on, even if it seemed hopeless. He had to at least try to move on so he could finally be happy. For himself. He spends three years in that cabin that soon became home to him, or, well, the closest he'll ever get to the feeling of home. It was lonely but that's what he liked. He liked being alone so nothing bad could happen to him. He enjoyed his life in that cabin for three years. He was content and away from anything that could ever hurt him, and he was extremely happy. That is, until those fucking hellhounds came in and destroyed all of that. Seriously, wasn't Alaska the land beyond the gods? And if so, why the hell and where in hell did they come from? Nico remembers laying down in his bed at a late hour into the night and was just about asleep when his window in his bedroom is shattered, shooting out broken glass, and there was one of them right in front of him and his bed. The hellhound was even bigger than normal, one of the biggest ones Nico has ever seen in his whole life, with big red eyes that were the same color of blood. And it was glaring straight at him, growling and baring his teeth. He was too stunned to move for a moment, till the thing pounced at him to attack. Nico moved out of the way at the very last second before being crashed. He bragged his sword and barely managed to kill the thing before it ate him. Nico soon traveled down stairs to find two more who were eating and crashing everything they saw. Rage filled Nico and he soon attacked and killed them. After the fight, he was energy drained and his lovely home was literally destroyed beyond repair. Nico was left with no choice but to leave and find another great escape. And he had to do it fast since he could sense more nearby. He could hear the dark growling growing rapidly till he was certain they were behind him, next to the last wall left standing so thankfully he could escape before they saw him. Nico quickly shadow travel to somewhere else, he didn't even know, and was soon there. He landed on his feet and observed his surroundings. He was in a forest, and no one else was there. He liked it so far. Nico traveled onwards into the small opening that soon relieved a tiny path farther into the wilderness. He was very tired but he knew he had to find shelter somewhere for the night before he could rest. He lazily followed the trail for who knows how long. His feet started to ache and he felt like he would soon pass out onto the ground and fall asleep. He was freezing in the cold since he was only in sweat pants and an old t-shirt. His not no shoes, leaving only socks to cover his feet. The son of Hades was cursing out every god he could think of at the moment, as he walked on, looking for some kind of shelter. He just needed a small space with a tree without a bunch of rocks and animals hanging around, so he could rest his head till morning. The young man walked till he couldn't anymore and he was almost falling over in sleep. He couldn't keep his eyes open for more than a few seconds at a time. He finally gave up and sat down by an old oak tree, and hoped that a snake won't come up and bite him or something. Of course, that would be his luck. He survived the Titian War, Tartarus, the Giant War, and his heartbroken from Percy Jackson, and he would be known as the idiotic son of Hades that died from a simple snake bite. How pathetic. He leaned his back onto the tree and closed his eyes, trying to sleep as comfortable as he could with it being freezing cold outside and having a pointy rock up his ass. He was just about asleep and on his way to blissful dreamland until something bunked him on the head. He fell over to his side as the fallen object scattered to the other side. Nico's head was thumping with pain as his vision was blurry to a point of where he couldn't make out a single thing in front of him. He felt lightheaded and he couldn't real think of anything other the pain for a moment. When his head stopped and finally cleared, he looked over to the heavy object that laid on the ground under leaves and spikes of dirt. It was long and made of dark iron that almost faded into the shadows. One end was an ebony handle with a curvy design of lines that travel up onward to the rest of its body. The other end was a very sharp point that might have cut you by just looking at it. He even checked the back of his head for a bloody cut. Nico had never seen a sword like this before. He hesitated on touching it at first but slowly reached out and brought it over to himself. His held the weapon very carefully. It was about four feet long and it gave off a strong aura of intimidation and power. Nico looked back up the tree. His mind raced with questions and theories of what it was but none of them could