It sat at the end of the dock, stationed into its own personal square where the salty and drifty waves of the water met the aged wooden port of the city that seemed to never take a break from living. It lit up in a brilliant golden color, making it act as if it was a second sun, dimming down the moon's own white light. It let out puffs of black steam from a tall pole on the top of the contraction, connected down the power engine. The scent of the fog was enough to cast over the city long before it arrive, which was his sign of it coming. He never expected for the smell of a steamboat to cause so much excitement to him. The massive boat was three stories, with outside railing elegantly laid out and casting out its perimeter. One large wooden wheel was built into the side, dipping in and swiping up waves of water to make the boat go into movement no travel across the water. Now the panels were still having the same color of cream white casted over them, along with most of the boat, making the boat's presence even more luminous. It caused the black roof and poles to blend into the sky, which ended into the grand result of its magical state. He always mistaken the sight as second sun or a floating dazzling piece of art at first, but always found it to be a gliding gateway to heaven, a masterful sign from God himself, in the end. It was truly magically, but it held inside was were the true beauty was. Movement inside projected faint shadows, barely blocking the light of the boat. He knew those were the workers inside, thumping around to safely close down the boat, ending there long hard day. He had studied them since the pass year when the boat starting coming to New Orleans. It was just a small new passage way for his father's business of sneaking liquor to travel all over the coast. He, being the oldest child and only son, just figured that it was his father making extra million to pile on the others he already had. His father wasn't greedy, but he did like his liquor and the prohibition got in the way of that. He knew his father; he knew that he wouldn't let the law get in the way of what he wants. That's how the boat came into his life and became his main fixation of affection. He was the first up in the morning it arrive, slipping into the kitchen for a glass of water when the whole house was asleep and the sky was still dark. He made it back up to his room soon enough to be blinded by the beauty from the window. He could barely read and comprehend the name of the ship: The Stairway. He went over to his bed and watched was a possible view. He saw five tall and muscular figures wonder out of the boat as a dark one approached it. It was hard for him to know it was his father and seeing the large carts of liquor being pushed into the boat was not anywhere near shocking. He acted surprised the next day at breakfast when he announced the news to the rest of them. He acted surprised for the sake of it. The Stairway, which he declared as an odd name for a steamboat that delivered and received illegal liquor, came back soon afterwards, and planned to stay for the weekend. He was informed this by his father himself when he placed an arm around his shoulders and led him out to the docks near by. It was about noon, which worried him a bit since they were committing a crime in broad daylight, but his father's ease put him in a calm enough state. His father told him that this was his first step into his first insight of what his inheritance was, and he took it as his chance to prove his worth to him. That, and it was his father's way of being caring in an uncaring way. They were eating lunch on the desk around the back, all of them sweaty and covered in black coil dust. They dressed similar with old raggedy clothes that made him feel awkward with his new leather shoes and silky dress shirt. They were all older then him but not by much, maybe five years at must, but them looked as if they were already grown and aged men with they rough features and dirty faces. He guessed that they just finished cleaning and fixing the engine, or took a bath in the coil for the fun of it. His father introduced him to them, reacting the same act for them as well. The Mexican boy, who's name was Leo, was the engineer. The biggest boy out of the group with the muscles was Frank, who was the handy man. The blonde boy with a scar on his lip named Jason was the storage manager. The other blonde one named Will was the medic for the boat. And the last was the black hair beauty with sea green eyes and a crooked smile and the was the pilot and he was named... Holy Fuck... That's where he would like to assume that his problem began. His very big, handsome, sexy problem... His father explained that he simply wanted to let his employees know that he had a son, about to be the big age of 18. He knew what he meant by that, what he was hinting at him when it was falsely aimed for the others. He felt himself swallow out of his panicky nerves; he couldn't breath. They soon left after that, him being literally saved by the action. He just couldn't be around him with his own father near. It was impossible for him; his mind constantly running over what could possibly happen if either of them knew his secret. If anyone knew his secret... He knew the disgusting factor about himself since he was freshly a teenager in school with wonders of the other sex. He soon discover then that he wasn't suppose to do that later on, and found himself in deep, deep shit. He has faced the revolting feature for years now and worked to keep it his only secret. He found that to be a lot harder with the pilot of the boat around. He was just too damn cute. He didn't face the situation till later on the next when his father told him and his sister to dress in their party clothes and head off to the boat. He told him to keep an eye out for his sister and behave himself, since this was just a simple gather among his secret employees and he expected them to represent him well. It wasn't till later, when his younger sister was gone, when his father gave him a simple wink. They both knew that it was his given permission from him. He tried to keep himself calm as he tried to walk smoothly up to the boat over the dock and ramp. He was in his most causal dress suit while his 14 year old sister was in her new pink dress. He planned on sticking with her the whole night to not only keep her innocent, but also to keep himself safe from the green eyed beauty that he knew he would come across. They came aboard to find Frank leaning on the railing, waiting for them. He greets the Asian looking boy again with a handshake and a smile, putting on his business personality that he learnt to have from his father years ago. He introduced his sister as well, taking note of her slight blush on her dark chocolate skin. He predicted that they looked odd together as sibling with his pale skin and black hair and her curly caramel curls and dark brown skin. Frank didn't seem to mind too much since he still shook her hand and smile at her with a similar blush. He didn't like that; he was way too old for his sister. That and she wasn't allow to date till he was dead or she was 40, which ever came first. Frank led them inside, which he found almost disappointing. He was finally on The Stairway, and the light gave him a frizzy thrill that made him dazed into a trance that made everything even more wonderful. Even himself. They entered into the room through a small door that opened up a whole new world that he never knew existed. There were only a dozen people there at most, including the five boat men and some others, mainly pretty females in rather scandalous dresses that showed there rolled up stockings and knees. He didn't know any of them, and felt so far out since he was younger and not exactly friendly in his true state. He didn't make friends easily with his dark personality, and to add on with his background and family... His plan to stay with his sister through out the night was soon dismissed as the current song ended and she went off with Frank for the next dance. He was left alone then, only standing on the far side of the wall like an anti-social fool. He knew he could flip the switch on his part and act like a happy, outgoing young man that his father wanted and needed, but he could only keep the front up for so long before being emotionally drained and depressed. He didn't notice them approaching him till it was too late. Jason and him walked right up to him like they were afraid of the sinful son of a criminal. He lost more of his breath with each one of there steps, not even bothering to fight for it because they was no way he could keep it with him coming to him. He kept his eyes on the blonde as long as he could before breaking his own promise and looking at the beauty every other second. He knew it came off strange to them, and he hated himself for it, but they still smiled at him either way, calling him out to join the party. He was their boss's son after all. The next song soon came on, the jazzy tune filling the liquor scented air more then the first, and everyone dashed off to a pattern. Even Jason stopped in his tracks before fleeing off to a beauty in a green dress and a feather in her hair. That left him with the green eye beauty that he was trying hard not to look at. He failed miserably soon after. He felt a pull at his hand, making him follow the leading path to the stool seats of the bar. It was his hand and it was holding his... He settled into a seat, along with the pilot, and finally faced him fully. He was gorgeous, even in his faded pants with suspenders and no longer white Henley. There was still gray dust lightly swept across his high cheek bones and forehead, but his smile was still beautiful, making his eyes and hair dazzle. He loved the sight of the dirty boy more then the sight of The Stairway. The green eye beauty opened his mouth to speak but the music escalated into a louder volume within the same second. He was afraid his ear drums would burst till he felt the warm and strong hold on his knee and discovered a hand. He also came into realization that he was leaning into his space, and his breath escaped him yet again as he looked into those sea green eyes. He felt as if he would melt with the feeling of his warm breath on his ear. "What's your name again?" He