A/N: Hello everyone! This is my one shot about Caius and his lover, my OC Lara Elfreya. May imply OOCness regarding Caius, but I've already tried my best to make it subtle. I mean, nobody has ever seen him smile in the movie, let alone in the books. So let's just all imagine it in our heads that he would smile when he's behind the doors of his chambers. Hee~ Enjoy~ La Tua Cantante – Blood Singer It was a particular long day for the snow-haired royal vampire, Caius. There had been more and more vampires running around amok, killing human whenever and wherever they liked. It was all thanks to Victoria, now all of the royal vampires within Volturi had to run around the cities to hunt newborn and uneducated vampires. Victoria had fed on a human she did not kill in Volturi, and he became a newborn with no knowledge of the royalties and the rules. That particular newborn had found a place he thought he could transform into his territories, and begun to feed and kill within the grounds of Volterra. As a newborn, he did not know how to properly kill his victims, leaving them half-dead with vampire venoms in their system. The result born from that one careless thought is that there are more and more newborn vampires running around Volterra. Caius drew a long, restless sigh. How he longed to stay in his silver chamber all day long. But as one of the three Kings who had ruled since the start of the royal family, he had his duties to perform, for the sake of his people and for the sake of the one he love. As he floated back to his chamber silently, he thought about all the things he would have done a year ago. It would be just like any other day; similarly and eerily alike, as if he were repeating the same thing every single day, as if he were repeating his days again and again, with an occasional new event unfolding within the new era of humanity. He had ordered for the hunting and exterminations of the Children of the Moon a long time ago, who could transform into an otherworldly being called a werewolf. They hurt humans and hunt vampires alike for the fun of it. The vampires found them becoming a nuisance as each day passes, and have them rounded up and caught, punishing them severely with death. The exterminations bear good result, as most of them were wiped out to near extinction. He knew that there were a small insignificant clusters of them went into hiding, but their hideout were immediately revealed when the full moon rises and they transformed into werewolves and run rampant near human's grounds, killing a few of them by mistake. It had seemed only yesterday that Caius is dealing with one particular wild werewolf and had nearly lost his life to the cursed creature, but now, his worries were no more as he knew that they were completely wiped out by the Volturi. Art were one of his utmost passion. He could practically paint and sculpt something that would make many of the famous painters in the world blushed with embarrassment of their own artwork. His were truly astounding, and yet, he chooses to hide them within the wing of his castle, preferring to keep his talent to himself. Somehow, there is still the occasional disgruntled feeling of living a life of immortality. He had married Athenodora for show and he knew there are no feelings between them both. The feelings are mutual between them; they would have sex, talked a little and that's all. She did not relieve the dark loneliness that he had felt within the bottom of his frozen heart by becoming his companion. She would go all over the world whenever she likes, and it would actually surprises all if she were to appear in Volterra's castle grounds. Most likely the reason for him being counted as the cruelest, most sadistic and merciless vampire leader within the royal vampire family stemmed from the simple reason that he is lonely. He vented his anger on vampires who had shamed the vampire race, and most of the time, he would just glare at anyone who looked up to him. Anyone who had been forbidden the luxury of sleep as a vampire would start to scorn the very thought of living an immortal life and rather wished for the end of his immortality if they were to live and lead the life of an eternal loneliness without a trusting companion by their side. Should one ever find out about his thoughts about death, immortality and loneliness, one would wonder how he could sit by Aro on their throne and not be worried about their thoughts being read. However, he needn't need to worry about Aro's ability to read souls through touch alone; his powers were strong enough to only limit Aro to what he wanted him to see. Caius has the power of Obstruction. Anything associated with him that he didn't want others to see or touch by thoughts alone, his power would instinctively flared up and prevented that person from getting what they want from him. He calmly walked through the dimly lit hallways of the wing of his castle, his heeled black shoes clacked loudly against the tiled cold marble, ironically akin to the coldness and smoothness of the texture of his skin. His days would be passed just as similar as it has the day before 1 year ago, but now, he would have preferred to watch his little sleeping beauty slept throughout the afternoon. He knew she is sleeping from the sound of her even breathing through his sharp hearing from his throne at the Throne Room. Being mated to one another gives one the privilages of heightened senses around the mate themselves, and while the others remained oblivious to the happenings in the north wing of the castle, Caius's hearing remained sharp and he kept his mind on his sleeping mate, watching over her from afar. The occasional toss and turn sound brought a pleasant and amusing memory from his mind, carving a slight smile on his blood red lips and perfectly sculpted marble face, for many a times, he would either caught her sleeping on the floor with all the comforters wrapped around her like a grub in a cocoon, obviously fallen from the large bed or of her sleeping so soundly that she did not realize half of her hands and legs happened to touch the cold floor, almost sending her falling off the bed. He would always be the one who lifted her off the floor or from the edge of the bed, and once he had lifted her into his arms, she would instinctively latch on to him and never letting go. There happened to be a time when Aro had been forced to cancel a meeting with an amused smile on his face when Caius came to him with her practically clingling to him like a koala bear, latching onto his back tightly and refusing to let go all while she slumbered on deeply. Aro had tried to help by prying her loose from Caius torso, but even with his vampire powers, she remained unmoving, refusing to be part from her beloved unconsciously even while she sleeps. Caius opened the enormously heavy silver door that lead into his bed chamber slowly and carefully with much ease, afraid of stirring his sleeping beauty's deep slumber. He walked across the spacious living room and headed straight to the heavily veiled bed chamber, the sound of her breathing leading him to her. Pulling back the large heavy comforter gently and softly, his usual stoic cool mask melted and a wide smiled carved upon his marble face upon revealing a mass of dark brown hair resting beneath. She is beautiful for someone who had human features and looked every bit a normal human being. Her long lashes almost brushed her cheekbones in a delicate way, casting a light shadow over her innocent beautiful face as she slept into the afternoon. The side of her sweet cheery lips curved into a small innocent smile, as if she were dreaming of something pleasant. Her cheeks were constantly in the color of a light peach red, and he loved it when the blood rushed to her cheeks and colored them red with embarrassment whenever he teased her. He thought that she looked adorable whenever she blushed, and had since taken the liking to tease her endlessly in the hopes of having the chance to glance and admire it. That's when she suddenly mumbled something incoherent in her sleep. With his sharp hearing, Caius caught bits and pieces of her mumblings. What made the vampire smile is that most of her mumbles contained his name. "…Ca…ius…hmm…Caius…" she mumbled innocently, snuggling further into the part of the bed where he always lies down and propped his head up with his hand, observing and guarding her whilst she slept on. From what he had know from a vampire with a strong bond, their mates would smell wonderfully heavenly to each other, and he knew, she loved his scent enough to be able to 'smell' him out when he's nearby. And she did; to which she responded by snuggling further into the bed, finally locating Caius resting near her and nuzzled her nose into the crook of his neck, wrapping her arms around his waist and held him in place, sighing heavily in content. Caius merely chuckled lightly at her antics, reminding him of a newborn puppy in search for their mother. He caressed her lovely long brown locks rhythmically as she continued to nap in his embrace. The afternoon sunlight reflected off the surface of Caius's thin paper-like skin, showering the sienna walls with rainbow sparkles. Caius knew she would be delighted to see him under sunlight, something that he rarely does before. When he did, he often bargained with her something he would always want from her; kisses, love bites, markings on her, and of course, a not-more-than-a pint of her blood. To him, marking her with love bites would keep the other vampires away from her, but she is just too embarrassed to show them to the world that she blatantly refused him to do so. And her blood? Oh, how he loves the taste and smell of her blood. It was unlike anything he had ever tasted or smelled before. So sweet, so tangy, and there was this strange yet addictive taste that made him fearful to crave for more. As much as he loved her blood, he preferred her to live and breathe more than he preferred her blood as his meal. He loved to mark her and, usually, after he had done so, he would allow her to walk all over the place without an ounce of worry, knowing that she had his smell and that nobody would ever dare to touch her. They knew they'd die if they happen to do so. If someone had told him that he were to find someone he would smile, sleep, protect, love and allowed to be cuddled up to him a year ago, he would have glared them off or pull their limbs apart and wouldn't believe a single word they've said. And here, he lies pondering about that thought constantly. How he had came by to love someone so deeply to allow her all the freedom just to see her smile that bright and innocent smile is beyond him. How he had came by to be allowed the luxury to be loved and appreciated so deeply for who and what he was and for once, not for his handsome features puzzles him. How he had came by to have his fierce protectiveness surfaced all for her and how he had came by to be equally protected