A/N: Hello everyone. I am Artemis Fae. Here is a brand new version of Into Eternity. For those who have read Into Eternity, I am sure this would be a more satisfying version. And so, I am going to remove Into Eternity from the site and update it to this one. Thank you for reading. I love you all. Artemis Fae Chapter 1: First Night It was Lara's first time to be out of the country all by herself. Her parents are long gone, and her last caretaker, her grandmother, has passed on, leaving Lara to fend for herself all alone in this world. With all her inheritance liquefied, Lara went on and booked a flight ticket to Volterra, where the promised paintings that she longs to see in person are there. As soon as she is there, Lara registered for a group tour at the old museum in Volterra. The lady who helped her with the name is a nice lady who goes by the name of Heidi, and she is impeccably beautiful in person. Lara is in awe with her, and went away with a blushing face after Heidi directed her to a small van, whereby the rest of the tourist who had registered for this tour group is there in the vehicle, waiting to be driven to their hotels. The tour group's price is deafeningly cheap, and it is a bargain and such a waste to not register them right away. Lara is happy, and while waiting for the vehicle to be filled full, Lara enjoys her short amount of time to herself by imagining the dark corridors, the beautiful paintings and sculptures that she saw online while browsing on to where exactly she wants to go for a tour. After clicking 'Buy Now', she packed her bags and went to the airport. An hour later, she is off on the flights to Volterra. After a while, the van moved. Lara awoke from her little day dream and looked around. The van is piled full of tourists, and they are all registered for the museum tour scheduled for tomorrow. The hotel is not far from the airport, and soon they arrived. "Tomorrow at 7a.m sharp we shall move out of the hotels. There is a festival called St. Marcus Day, in an honor to remember the day when St. Marcus drove out all the vampires from the town and made this place safe again once more. There would be a lot of people going to and fro form the museum, and I have managed to secure a tour in the morning when the weather is less hot and the place is less crowded with people," Heidi said to them, and everyone nodded lightly in agreement. With that being said, everyone is ushered to their rooms in the hotels and waits for tomorrow morning's tour. Lara had troubles sleeping at night. And as such, she would take her sweet time to roam around the hotels late at night to enjoy the night time sceneries without anyone to bother her. Lara is a beautiful person. So beautiful that she at times made a trouble out of nothing but one glance at someone at the bar. It frustrates her to no ends that people would stare and gawk at her, and at times made inappropriate wolf-whistles and cat calls to her that she hated. And so, she would isolate herself from the others and wear clothes to cover her up, such as a beanie hat or a spectacle. That attracts less unwanted attentions. Finding the surroundings of the hotels a disappointment, she went back to her room and opens wide the windows of her room. Heidi had rented a whole floor for them up high in the hotel tower, and it provides them a massive and beautiful night view in Volterra. Lara thought that Volterra is a dreamy and beautiful place, as if she is transported back to the era where modern things have yet to exist and the only transports around are horses and carts. It is kind of a wonderful thing to be dreaming about, and as she perched herself on the balcony's bar, she stares out at the moon. And caught on a wonderfully beautiful scent. She closes her eyes and takes a deep breath. It is not a dream or a figment of her imagination. The scent is real, and it is most exquisite and unique that she searches for it, opening her eyes and darts them here and there, up and down everywhere she could find. And there, right in front of her where it is never there before, stood a figure dressed in a deep maroon colored cloak. The cloak billowed in the wind, wide and elegant, and the figure's hood fell off from their head and reveals a beautiful man. A beautiful man in hair so blonde and white that it looked almost snow white. His eyes seemed to be glowing red, and his lips a supple red color. Skin white and pale as paper, Lara stares at the man and finds her heartbeat picks up speed. The man is staring at her as well, while she to him, admiring his beautiful features from where she stood on her hotel room's balcony. The moment is magic. The stare lasted for a long while, and the next time she blinked, the man is gone. Lara blinked and shakes her head to clear off the slight blur that had her for a moment for staring into one place for too long and looked around again. The man is nowhere to be found. The scent as well, is gone. "Maybe he's just a figment of my imagination after all…" Lara said to herself and smiles softly, rubbing her bare arms as she strode back to her room and promptly fell asleep, waiting for tomorrow's arrival with a strange anticipation blooming deep in her belly. *********************************CAIUSXLARA********************************* The next morning came in a breeze. Heidi ushered the rest of the tour groups into the van and off they drove towards the castle city atop the closest hill. The ancient sienna walls and towers crowning the peak of the steep hill made the whole city looked uniquely beautiful, yet at some strange point, Lara felt that the beautiful city looked a little terrifying at the same time, as if there are unknown dangers lying underneath somewhere, making her tremble slightly at the thought. Humans fears the unknown, and what they do not know and do not understand, more so if that something is something they cannot control at all means, then it would be considered dangerous. Like the vampires in St. Marcus's legend. The vampires came without warning. Humans die one by one from blood loss, and the humans were afraid of the vampires, not understanding why they becomes so and that they cannot be submitted to their rules and regulations. And so, they were exterminated. The people crowding toward the gate gripped their hats and tugged their hair out of their faces. Their clothes billowed around them. She also noticed that the color red was everywhere. Red shirts, red hats, red flags dripping like long ribbons beside the gate, whipping in the wind – as she watched, the brilliant crimson scarf one woman had tied around her hair was caught in a sudden gust. It twisted up into the air above her, writhing like it was alive. The woman reached for it, jumping in the air, but it continued to flutter higher, a patch of bloody color against the dull, ancient walls. It was Saint Marcus Day. The city holds a celebration every year in honor of their legend. As the legend goes, a Christian missionary – a Father Marcus, Matriach of the Voltun, in fact – drove all the vampires from Volterra fifteen hundred years ago. It was told that he was martyred in Romania, and that he is still trying to drive away the vampire scourge. Crosses and garlic were told to be of use, and that Father Marcus had used them so successfully in driving away vampires. It was a legend worth remembering, and everyone make it a note to celebrate the holy event in the city as recognition for the police force. In honor of the day, everyone would wear something red as a tribute to the deceased Holy Father. After all, Voltera is an amazingly safe city. The crowd stretched on and on the red and grey brick road. Heidi guides them with her voice and the swinging of her hips, turning them onto a little path that couldn't have been meant for cars. There is another street at the end of the street, a small pathway that is so discretely hidden by the shadows of the day. The buildings were taller here; they leaned together overhead so that no sunlight touched the pavement-the trashing red flags on either side nearly met. The lovely tour guide waved her hand and shouted over the crowd, "Stay together! Don't wander around as you could very well get lost here! Stick to your group! We had a tight schedule here!" Even so early in the morning, the crowds are astoundingly deafening already. Everyone is ready to celebrate St. Marcus day, and they were all dressed up in the occasions. The street was very narrow, cobbled with the same color stones as the faded cinnamon brown buildings that darkened the street with their shade. It had the feel of an alleyway. Red flags decorated the walls, spaced only a few yards apart, flapping in the wind that whistled through the narrow lane. Suddenly, the street widens up. The darkened street lights up into a more warm red brick color, and soon, they have come up to the grand front door made of heavy iron that no man but machines and monsters could move. "Come on in, everyone!" Heidi called after knocking on the iron door, which creeps open in an agonizingly slow movement. Everyone shuffles quickly into the room behind the iron door, and when it closes, Lara turns around and catches a glimpse of the sunlight streaming down into the room a few seconds later. Strangely, she felt as if that would be the last time she would see sunlight. The doors closed behind her with a loud bang, deafening and heavy as it sets the feeling of dread in her heart. Shrugging to herself, Lara followed the quickly disappearing group down a hallway, chiding herself slightly for being so easily spooked. Lara observes whatever her eyes could see in the dark dim light. It would seem that the curators do not want the paintings to be done in by manmade light. She had to admit, it is a great idea to keep the paintings fresh and untarnished by age. But then the moisture would have been an inescapable ending for the paintings. Lara rolled her eyes. Stop thinking too much, she thought to herself. There must be a reason why arts are stored down here. And so she noticed it as well. The air down here in the corridors was quite dry and cold. She licked her lips to moisturize them, and finds them dry and caked. Fishing out a bottle of her water, she downed the water bottle in one go and wipes her lips dry with her long sleeve. Dry air indeed, Lara thought to herself. Soon, they came upon a posh office reception area. The walls were paneled in wood, the floors carpeted in thick, deep green, muffling the sound of footsteps. There were no windows, but large, brightly lit paintings of the Tuscan countryside hung everywhere as a replacements. Pale leather couches were arranged in cozy groupings, and the glossy tables held crystal vases full of vibrantly colored bouquets. Oddly, the flowers' smell reminded her of a funeral home. The walls in the middle of the room were a high, polished mahogany counter. Lara couldn't help but to gawk in astonishment