The Hunger Games – Haymitch Abernathy Part 1: The Tributes Chapter 1: The Reaping When I wake up from a slumber I'm not really sure where I am or why I am awake, or alive for that matter. The hard banging on the door gives me the answer to the first questions. The question of life will have to wait. Probably for an eternity. I find myself sitting in a chair at my kitchen table in my house in the Victor's Village of District Twelve. Where I've lived alone for the past twenty four years after I became victor in the fiftieth Hunger Games of our country, Panem. The Hunger Games are the way for the Capitol to show the rest of the country who's in charge and that we're nothing to them. Disposable, a piece in their Games. Although we're also very necessary, something they're aware of too. Panem consists out of a Capitol surrounded by twelve districts. These districts give the people in the Capitol what they want. Bread and Games. Killing Games. Becoming a victor in those games equals becoming a murderer. So that's what I am too. "Mr. Abernathy!" The door opens and a man walks in. A Capitol citizen, that much is clear. You can tell by the way they talk, the way they look and the way they dress. This one is dressed in a dark glittery suit and has a whole load of make-up on his face. Probably one of Effie Trinket's assistants. "Mr. Abernathy, your presence is required in the town square," the man says. "It's Reaping Day." Oh, right. Reaping Day. Probably the worst day of the year. Another two kids to escort to death. Always a pleasure. I take a draught from the bottle of white liquor standing on the kitchen table. The alcohol surges through my body. Dulling my emotions, dulling the pain. Although it never really goes away. Reaping Day is the day on which two new tributes of our district are chosen for the Hunger Games. This year is the seventy fourth year. In the past twenty three years I've witnessed the death of forty six children. District Twelve doesn't stand a chance in these Games and I've given up hope for any future tribute. I'm destined to be a mentor to them for the rest of my life regardless, with or without hope. This knowledge makes me take another couple of mouthfuls from the bottle. The Capitol attendant looks down on me with a disapproving look, which I can't be bothered with. Slowly I get out of the chair, take the bottle of liquor to put it in my pocket and follow him to the car outside. It will take me to the center of town, where the reaping takes place. The town square is not far from the Victor's Village, but we're already late, so the attendant insists I take a place on the backseat of the car and then he drives me to the square in less than a minute. The reaping has already started. The mayor is busy reading the stupid Treaty of Treason, followed by a list of District Twelve's Victors. Tran Joseman was the first victor and my mentor, he died about fifteen years ago. My name is next and when the mayor calls it I stagger unto the stage. I don't see clearly, the liquor has begun its attack on my brain. "Brgslll," I get out. In my mind I was saying something that made sense, but it doesn't come out right. It's a blur, the fogginess of the alcohol makes everything jumble together. I fall into the chair next to Effie Trinket and try to give her a hug. "Effie!" I slur, "Gleatseenyou." She pushes me away impatiently and gets up to walk to the microphone. Time for the reaping. As always, ladies first. The girl who is called is a twelve year old Seam girl. Dead within the hour, I think. But then something unexpected happens. There's a murmur going through the crowd, something is causing a commotion. I hear a voice calling. "Prim!" And then, "I volunteer! I volunteer as tribute!" I look into the crowd to see the girl who said it. I know her from the Hob. The black market where I buy my white liquor and where she comes to sell her game. A Seam girl, a feisty one too. She climbs on the stage and Effie asks her name. "Katniss Everdeen." Effie, of course, replies with something ridiculous. "I bet my buttons that was your sister. Don't want her to steal all the glory, do we? Come on, everybody! Let's give a big round of applause to our newest tribute!" She starts to clap enthusiastically but no one follows her example. A volunteer, I think. A Seam girl volunteer. I look at the sixteen year old girl in front of me and it stuns me how much she looks like her. Like Laurene. Laurene was feisty too, and she had the same grey Seam eyes as this one does. I get out of the chair and stumble towards the girl. "Look at her. Look at this one!" I throw my arm around her shoulders and squeeze her tightly. "I like her! Lots of..." What was I trying to say? Lots of? Oh yes, I remember. "Spunk! More than you!" I'm shouting at the camera now, not entirely aware of what I'm doing and if it's a wise thing to do. All I know now is how much she reminds me of Laurene. And how they took her from me. My girl, my love. "More than you!" I shout again. I take a step forward, intending to tell the Capitol how I despise them because of what they've done to her. But I lose my balance and fall off the stage. My head hits the concrete tiles of the square and then everything grows black. *** The weird sensation of moving without doing anything brings me back to my senses. I become aware of my surroundings and see I'm already on the train that takes me with Effie Trinket and the tributes to the Capitol. Unsteadily I get to my feet and walk out of my compartment through the train in search of a drink. In the bar-car I order a bottle of wine and a bottle of liquor and start drinking. Not ready to face the tributes yet. And not ready to watch them die. The door of the car opens and in walks a blond boy, about sixteen years old. I recognize him as one of the kids from the bakery. Merchant class. He must be the boy tribute, called after I fell from the stage. "What's your name?" I ask him. "Peeta Mellark," he says and extends his hand to me. I ignore it and turn away from him. Not ready to face these tributes. Need sleep. "I'm going to take a nap," I mumble and stagger back to my own room. In my room I finish the whole bottle of wine and start with the liquor right after it. I started drinking almost immediately after I won my Games. My Games. There were 48 of us, twice as much as the regular amount of tributes because it was a Quell. I couldn't care less about that. All I cared about was finding a way out of there. A way to escape, even though I knew it was impossible. I kept searching until I reached the edge of the arena. An abyss. There I found out the arena was surrounded by a force field that will throw back everything that's tossed against it. And there was no way out. There still is no way out. A girl from District One, who was the last tribute still alive besides me, was chasing me and threw her axe at me. But it missed and fell in the ravine from where it came back and buried itself in her head. That's how I won my Games, although I don't consider myself a winner. President Snow was mad, because I made him and his precious Games look foolish. And no one can treat him like a fool. I've learned that the hard way. He killed my family and my girlfriend within two weeks after I've won. I've been drinking ever since. Drinking. Drinking still. The growling in my stomach makes me get up in search for some food. I stumble into the dining car which is empty. In the next room I find Effie, Katniss and Peeta sitting in front of the television. Confused about this and suddenly feeling nauseated I grasp a chair. "I miss supper?" I ask. Another wave of nausea comes over me and I start to puke. The convulsions in my body make it impossible for me to keep standing, my knees buckle and I fall down in my own vomit. I'm not sure what's going on when I feel two pairs of hands on me and I'm hauled up to my feet. "I tripped?" I ask, rattled by the mess I see. "Smells bad." I wipe my nose trying to get rid of the smell but it's not helping. "Let's get you back to your room," someone says, "Clean you up a bit." They start to drag me to my room and push me into the bathtub. I hardly notice it. I hardly notice anything anymore these days. The sun is pouring through the windows of the train as I wake up in the morning. I'm lying in my bed, wearing clean pyjamas, a smell of soap surrounds me. Someone must have cleaned me up and put me to bed. Vaguely I remember the two kids dragging me through the train. Did they do this? The tributes? Weird. I dress quickly and go to the dining car to have breakfast. The table is already set and I take a seat and pour myself some cranberry juice. A bottle of vodka would be a good addition to it. I order it from an attendant who brings it in only seconds later. One of the few positives about being on the train again. Attendants at my beck and call constantly. Effie and Peeta enter the car and join me at the table. We exchange some empty comments, I insult Effie with them, like usual. She walks away distressed just as Katniss enters. "Sit down! Sit down!" I say to her and wave her over. The scowl on her face tells me she's not one for an easy conversation. The kids start eating like they never ate before. It's the same every year. Luxurious food is something that's not accessible to the inhabitants of District Twelve. That's why tributes are always stuffing in as much as they can. I can't blame them. They're going to die soon, so why not enjoy life as long as it lasts. I'm sipping my drink when Katniss suddenly turns her attention to me. "So, you're supposed to give us advice," she says. "Here's some advice. Stay alive," I say and I burst out laughing. Advice! Is she serious? She might as well ask me for the moon, for all the good it will do her. I do notice she exchanges a meaningful look with the boy. That seems odd. These two kids are supposed to be adversaries. I've never in my whole career as a mentor seen the tributes exchange looks like this one before. Most of the time tributes ignore each other. Wonder what that's about. "That's very funny," Peeta says. Suddenly he lashes out at the glass in my hand with an unexpected force. I'm not prepared so the glass goes flying through the room and ends up against the wall in the back of the train. "Only not to us." Well, it's not very funny to me either. He just spilled my entire drink. Who the hell does he think he is? In a