A WAR ON TWO FRONTS: OTHRYS VS. OLYMPUS Hellllllllllllllllllllllllooooooooooo people! We are, as some of you know, Two Brilliant Minds! Really. Are you Zeus now or something? No I just decided to be dramatic for out FIRSR STORY! HYYYYYYPE! I knew you shouldn't have drank that coffee. WHOOOOOOOOOOO! *sigh* Oh yeah by the way, who's the love interest? You can go check out the poll on our profile. Theres, like 10 girls to vote for. Sweet! Does that mean I get to see more than one girl with Percy?! Depends on the votes. If a girl gets 3 or more votes, she becomes a love interest. We are only doing 6 girls at most, so vote! Awesome! So… on with the first chapter? On with the first chapter Percy, son of Poseidon, P.O.V "HAHA Olympus is mine!" Kronos yelled at the top of his lungs as he stood in front of the thrones of the gods. "Hurry!" Thalia said as Annabeth, Grover, Thalia and I started running faster. We ran in the throne room to see Kronos holding a bloody scythe over Ethan's decapitated body. He turned toward us and smiled a sadistic smile. "Hello, Demigods. Welcome to your death!" the Titan said, and he spread his arms like he wanted a hug. Thalia whispered to me, "My dad had to get the dramatic stuff from somewhere." I snickered. "How should I kill you? Straight decapitation or torture? Torture does sound very fun." He said. "Good luck" I snorted. He growled and charged. I pulled out riptide and met him head on, Sword vs. Scythe. I slashed at him and he blocked with the shaft and swung downwards. I dodged to the side and it missed me by a millimeter. The scythe blade got stuck in the ground. I swung my sword but he stopped time just before I cut his arm off. Damn it I thought as he backed up. "What… why won't it work?" Kronos said. He glared at my frozen self. All the sudden, Thalia's spear clattered next to me. Kronos lost focus and I unfroze, but I didn't charge to attack him, neither did he attack me. We just stared at the most surprising thing. Annabeth had killed Grover and had Thalia on the ground with her knife at Thalia's neck. I stared in shocked silence. The only noise was Annabeth and Thalia's heavy breathing. "Well? Do it! Kill me Traitor!" Thalia said defiantly but I could hear the fear in her voice. "Yes, do it. Kill the Sky god's brat; I'm tired of her smart mouth." Kronos said. Annabeth gulped. "But-but lord Saturn…" Kronos- or Saturn- snarled. "You idiot girl! I told you not to reveal me!" Annabeth cowered in fear. "I-I-I- I'm sorry my lord!" Annabeth had dropped her guard, and If I learned one thing from sparring with Thalia, it's never drop your guard. Thalia bucked her hips and Annabeth went flying off. Thalia scrambled to her feet and looked at me expectantly. I realized she wanted her spear, so I immediately looked and kicked it towards her. She grabbed it out of the air and activated Aegis. She charged at the scrambling Daughter of Athena. "Damn it, just goes to show you can't trust a demigod." Saturn said. Where have I heard that name before? Wasn't that Roman? "Wait, so your name is Saturn? Isn't that Roman?" I ask. He sighed in annoyance. "Once a God, Titan, Primordial, so on do a great act of strength; they get a more powerful form. It isn't Roman, but since the romans were stronger than the Greeks we took on the roman names. Now, instead of talking, I think I'll kill you." With that he charged once more. Before he reached me, 12 flashes of light filled the room and I heard a certain Thunder god roar, "YOU'RE DEAD FATHER!" Saturn snorted. "Hah as if you could beat me with your petty lightning bolt." Zeus thundered (Yes, I went there) "I'LL SHOW YOU PETTY!" And with that sentence he threw the Master Bolt at Saturn. It hit Saturn dead on in the chest, sending him flying into a wall. "Quick, Poseidon, Hades! Take him down!" Zeus yelled. Poseidon lifted his Trident and was prepared to fire, as was Hades and his helm of darkness, but instead, the wall exploded, and a cruel laugh was heard. "Is that all you got? That didn't even tickle!" Saturn laughed. Poseidon and Hades fired but Saturn jumped out of the way. "TIME FREEZE!" He yelled, and all the gods froze. "Now… where were we demi-" He stopped moving. "Wha-Wha…" He gasped. "You're Awake. No! I'll kill him first!" He cried. Grabbing his scythe, he charged at me quickly before I could react. I blinked and his Scythe was swinging at me. At the last second I brought Riptide up, but he used much more power than I expected. His scythe hit Riptide and knocked it from my hand, twisting my arm harshly. I cried out and fell. Before he could swing again though, in a deeper, more fatherly voice (One I didn't expect from my enemy) he screamed, "STOP!" and Luke's body enveloped in a golden light. Kronos POV Flashback to when Saturn beginning of chapter With a jolt, I snapped my eyes open to revel… nothing. I was floating in the middle of a large white space. I turned my head from left to right hearing my neck pop. I cracked all my joints and such until I could move around. Well… float around. You get my point. After floating this way and that and finding jack squat, I decided to check and see if I had any injuries. Last I remember, I was in my Castle, hearing my two sons fight about what domain they will get. I sigh at the good times. All of the sudden I hear a pop as if someone flashed in. I turn quickly and reach for my scythe, only to find it wasn't there. "Peace, Kronos. We don't wish to fight." The Three Fates said to me. I relax and bow, "What is it My Ladies? And where am I?" "You are in your mind Kronos." I gave them a questioning stare. "You're slightly more powerful form, the one you got from slaying Uranus, has somehow gained its own mind. This has never happened before. So, we decided to warn you." "Wait… so… huh?" I said. They sighed. I could swear I heard one say, "Just like that Jackson kid…" "Basically part of you has gotten their own conscience and is trying to kill your seven children." "Wait, seven? And why am I trying to kill them?" They nodded. "You already know of five. The other two are Zeus, your sixth and final child with Rhea, and Chiron, which will come from a nymph you'll knock up when drunk. You are trying to kill them because of your or rather your other self's lust for power. You fell asleep because of the peace and Saturn, the name he gave himself, took over before your children were born. As they were born Saturn swallowed them whole so they wouldn't grow up. Rhea, horrified with who you think you've become, hid baby Zeus and had Saturn eat a rock instead. Once the baby grew up, he chopped Saturn into a billion pieces and threw them in Tartarus. Now, he's trying to get revenge. We woke you up because without you he will destroy Western Civilization." I nod, overwhelmed, but it quickly turned into Anger. How dare he try and kill my children and by extension the world?! "We have given a few upgrades to your scythe, such as returning to you when you need it. Now you shall fully wake. We expect you to kick some ass, Titan!" They finished and with that I saw a more muscle me with short hair and cuts all over his body attacking what looked like my son Poseidon. I roar "STOP!" and will myself away from this monster. After the golden light fades, I open my eyes to realize I was standing in my own body. I look at my hands, and then look up into Poseidon, only to realize it wasn't Poseidon, probably his son's eyes. They swirled with so much emotion, it was unbelievable. I could tell the kid was powerful and badass. To his right was a blond girl with a glinting knife, poised to strike. I grab the kid by the shirt and yank him forward but I was too late. He screamed in pain as the knife entered the small of his back. I dropped him and he curled into a ball and continued to scream. I turn to the blond girl and put my hand out. "That was a horrible decision on your part, girl. Have fun in Tartarus!" I say, then teleport her to Hell. I turn to face myself and I see him staring at me in shock. I looked at his eyes, which were golden with a red line running down the middle. "H-how are you…?" he said, clearly scared out of his mind. I grin evilly and say, "Why, I awoke because you've been a naughty man, trying to destroy the world and shit. Well, I'd like to introduce you to my buddy, Scythe." I hold out my hand and from the ground came the pole part and the metal blade grew out of it quickly and gleamed, like it enjoyed the fear from my enemy. "Now prepare to feel pain, Saturn." I say and my eyes start glowing Pure Gold. I had just activated my Ultimate Form. If you don't know what that means, I'll tell you. Basically think of an immortals power as a percentage. To an Ultimate Form, a normal god's power is 5% of it. A Roman god is 10% (Technically Rome was stronger than Greek, even if I hate to admit it). The Upgraded Form (Which Saturn is) is 25% of its power and the Ultimate Form is 100%. What I'm saying is, Saturn is screwed. He finally seemed to get his confidence back, and pulled out his own scythe, looks like the same as mine except for the glowing red lines running all over it. "If anyone will feel pain, it will be you Kronos." He sneered. I froze for a second. Then I started to laugh. Not a chuckle, but I full hearty laugh. I doubled over and pressed a hand to my stomach. "I- haha- have never- hahaha- heard something- ha- something so STUPID- haha- before" I awnsered, trying to control my laughter. He turned bright red, from embarrassment of anger I don't know, and charged me. I stood back up, all laughter gone, but a smirk on my face. I brought my scythe up and waited. He sung first at my right and I simply blocked as if it took no effort. It didn't, but I don't think he wants to know that. He continued to attack me, and I either dodged of blocked. Finally, I began to grow bored. So next time he swung at my head, I did a Matrix dodge under it and put my face right next to his. I screamed, "YOURE BORING ME!" and he fell backwards and onto his bum because I screamed. Laughing, I walked over to him and kicked him onto his back and stuck my scythe into his shirt and pinned him to the ground. I bend down and whisper, "I told you Saturn, that you would feel pain." Before I could do anything though, I heard a scream, so I turn to see Poseidon had stabbed his son with his trident through his back and out his chest. When Poseidon pulled his bloodstained trident out of the boy, the scream stopped abruptly. He turned towards his Father in horror, betrayal, and pain. "Dad… Why…?" he let his breath go and fell onto his face. My eye twitched