Hey peoples, this is a short story I am writing as well, it shouldn't go for too many chapters but I loved the idea of the story when I thought of it so hope you all like ! please tell me if I should continue I have many ideas for this story but I want your feedback ! I don't own the Hunger Games Peeta POV Through my entire life I have learnt to fight when all the odds are against me. My life has been one big battle, a battle to walk, a battle to talk and even a battle to write or hold a pen. I was born with Multiple Sclerosis (MS); this effects my muscle and nerve contractions in my body. I am told I have horrible case of MS and on top of my disorder I have a very prominent stutter. I learnt to walk at the age of 5 and learnt to finally talk at the age of 6. When I did finally talk it came out stuttered and gibberish, it feels like my body is a prison, a type of Hell for me. My parents didn't know what to do with me. They took me to the finest doctors they could afford but there was nothing they could do to help me, they only said to be patient and I will slowly learn well that's hearer said than done. My mother's patience lasted all of two days before she would go back to hitting and kicking me for being a big screw up. My brothers have always been there to help me through primary school and they would always help me when I had trouble walk or talking. I am finally 17 years old and moving to a new school for my final year of school, my brothers have both left home and have moved far away from home and I am stuck here hoping to blend in and finish the rest of my schooling. At my old school I never had any friends because everyone thought I was a freak that randomly had twitching in his legs or jaw. No one ever realised that I was always in pain when this happened and I could never tell people the truth because my stutter would always stop me. I am hoping this new school will give me a chance to start fresh and meet new people who won't judge me because of my disability. Today is my first day and it takes all my energy to get out of bed. I slowly pull on my beanie which matches my uniform, I always feel secure with a beanie on, and it makes me feel safe. I never go without one and even school allowed me to have it. My legs are particularly bad today and it's painful to walk plus the twitching makes it even harder, I don't want to tell my parents this because I will either get the shit beaten out of me for being such a wimp or I will be forced to stay home but I don't want to miss my first day. I sling my bag over my shoulder as I hear Dad wish me luck but I know he only pities me, Dad has always helped me through battles and he blames himself for something I was born with. I slowly drag my feet out the front door and start walking to school, it's not far only a couple of blocks away and I think I can handle the walk without too much discomfort. As I walk I take in my surroundings, the trees sway slightly in the breeze, and the birds sing songs that put a small smile on my face. There are people out for morning jogs and I only wish I could run and be free like everyone else. I am a block away from school when I start seeing all the boys and girl that are in the same uniform as me; accept for the girls who wear skirts. This is when my legs start to become excruciatingly painful and I stumble a bit as I lose my balance, this is what I hate about my condition it's so unpredictable. I don't know anyone that I can ask for help, I'm swaying from foot to foot trying not to collapse from the pain when I am met with piercing grey eyes full of worry. "Hey, are you ok? You look a little tip-"she's cut off from her sentence as she goes and catches me from falling, she is surprisingly strong and she slowly carries me to a bench nearby, my legs completely failing me and I feel so embarrassed. I finally get a good look at my rescuer and see she has a long braid over her shoulder, freckles dot her face and her smile is worth gold. I stare in awe at her as she is stunning and I can't stop looking at her, for a split second I forget all that is wrong with me and just stare at the face of beauty. I nervously adjust my beanie and wait for the twitching in my legs to go, I expect her to walk away as most people do but she continues to look at me with curious eyes and waits. "It's okay I am not going to hurt you, I just want to make sure you are okay" She says reading my startled and surprised look. "I'm Katniss by the way" "I-I-I-I'm P-Peeta" I stutter out as I mentally kick myself for how terrible I must look. I meet the eyes of Katniss again and I see she is smiling but not in a judging way more of a cute way. I am surprised when she continues with the conversation "Nice to meet you Peeta" she says as she extends her hand, I reach my shaky hand out and shake hands with her. She seems to notice the shaking. Shit! "By the looks of it you're new!" she says brightly winking at me. I feel a blush creep up on me as this is the longest conversation I have had with a school mate. I don't know whether she is talking to me out of pity or if she genuinely wants to talk. When I don't reply she asks in a gentle tone "Do you mind if I ask why you almost fell over?" and I suddenly get nervous, my jaw starts twitching and I slowly rub it trying to make it stop. She looks at me with patience waiting for my answer. I have never been good with telling people about my illness, they usually just run away from me thinking I'm contagious. "I-I-I have a-a c-condition" I say speak quietly hoping the people that walk past us don't hear. She still has a smile on her face and I have a feeling she is not going anywhere anytime soon. "Oh that's a shame, I hope you get better" she almost whispers looking at the ground. I am star struck. Never once in my life has a single human being ever wished I would get better and now I have a stranger say it to me and it over whelms me. I just nod and sadly look down at my shaky hands. "Come on let's get you to school" Katniss says in a happy tone as she lifts one of my arms over her shoulder and lifts me to standing position. While I stand there I can smell the sweet perfume that comes off her and I take a deep breath, she smells of home. I test my weight on my legs and I find that they are not as painful and she sees this. In one quick movement she lowers my arm from her shoulder and holds my hand. Her hand is small and sweaty in mine as she intertwines our fingers. I look down in amazement at our hands and she giggles. "It's like you have never seen hands before" she states while giggling. I smile and try to start walking. My legs are weak and I stumble for a moment, Katniss then places her other arm under my own for leverage. As we walk to school I can tell she is deep in thought and I wish I could hear what she was thinking, the way her brow creases and her lip between her teeth makes her look so attractive. I never expected to meet anyone so having someone help me to school is so over whelming that I might just explode. Once we finally reach school she stops and looks at me as if she wants to say something but doesn't know how to say it. So I speak up and say "T-t-t-thank you K-Katniss..." I say quietly, she is looking at me calmly waiting for me to continue "F-for helping m-me to s-sc-school and c-c-c-catching m-m-m- ummm ahh..." I choke on my words in frustration and I shut my eyes tight and rake my fingers over my beanie. I calm my breathing as I try to relax and not make a fool of myself, when I reopen them she is still smiling at me and I am confused. "Just breath, don't rush I am not going anywhere" she says smoothly and she patiently waits my answer. How does she know what to say to a blabbering, stumbling idiot who can't even speak right? I am amazed at how she has so much patience and I'm surprised she doesn't look bored yet. I nod and slowly take a deep breath in and out as I continue "A-and c-c-catching me b-before I f-face p-planted" after taking her advise I am surprised that I can get reasonable words out and I sigh as I finish the sentence. Katniss smiles at me, proud to have helped. She then looks to the ground with a serious look on her face and I fear I have done something wrong, but then I see she is blushing slightly, why would she blush? She then seems to gather up all her courage and speaks "I was ahhh... Wondering if maybe you would like to hang out with me?" she asks timidly and I sense her nervousness. I just stare at her in shock as the question slowly sinks in and I don't have words to describe how I feel. Happy? Joyful? Over the moon? I have never had a friend before and this comes as a big shock. After a few minutes and I say nothing she then says "You know, you don't have to or whatever, It's just I don't have many friends and you seem nice but if you don't thats cool, I'll just leave now" Katniss says this very quickly and I need to respond or I will lose my only potential friend. As Katniss turns to walk away I grab her arm and say "I w-w-would l-love to b-be y-your f-f-friend" I look at her deep grey eyes and see hope flicker through them and I know this is the best decision I have ever made. Her smile turns into a full ear to ear grin and she jumps up and down excitedly. I laugh and smile at her as she does a cute little dance like a 5 year old. Once Katniss calms down she grabs my arm and pulls me into a hug which I hadn't expected and I nearly over balance. As Katniss loosens her grip on me I want to protest and learn as much as I can about her body, she then moves her lips to my ear and whispers "We are going to be best friends and I am going to rock your world" I blush at her words and I suddenly have so much hope for the future. I suddenly get a warm feeling inside my stomach as I am happy and privileged that she wants to be my friend. Her words fill me