JASON Jason hate Athena. He hated the Greek goddess ever since Annabeth and Percy had fell into Tartarus. He blamed her that they were down there, if without her and her stupid revenge Percy and Annabeth would've been there with them. And they call her goddess of wisdom . Goddess of wisdom in my ass, Jason thought bitterly. But since that day on the deck of the Argo II, the memory of... He couldn't think of it without shivering. Since then, he despised Athena. Jason, Piper, Leo, Frank, Hazel, Couch Hedge and Reyna set at the dining area on the Argo II. Reyna only came to take to The Athena Parthenos to Camp Half-Blood. Back to The Greeks. Couch Hedge for some reason didn't shout at Reyna to DIE! Reyna absorbed the images of Camp Half-Blood like it was an interesting puzzle she couldn't solve. A small smile made its way to Jason's face, she was impressed. He saw on her face that she loved the place on first sight. Well, of course. Jason thought. Camp Half-Blood was amazing, so welcoming. It didn't have guards or tunnel entrances, it was open and inviting but still safe. The smile faded as soon as an irritating tugging in his gut told him that something was going to get seriously wrong. He glanced around nervously. Piper and Reyna noticed his nervousness. Reyna arched an eyebrow at him, but Piper put a hand on his shoulder, relaxing him on the spot. "You okay?" She asked softly. And that put him into his worries again. He tried to shake it off but the consuming feeling just wouldn't leave him alone. In fact, it was terrifying. A cold shiver was sent through his back upwards his spine. "Guys..." Leo trailed off, his voice shaking. Everyone followed Leo's gaze. Jason's eyes widened when he saw what Leo was looking at. It was the Athena Parthenos, glowing brighter and brighter by the second. Jason shouted "Duck!" And managed to pull Piper with him as he flattened on the floor. Reyna a moment after. And the statue exploded with golden light. For a moment, everything was covered in bright golden light, anger bubbled inside of Jason. Percy And Annabeth fell into a literal hell for a statue that exploded? He wanted to slap Athena in the face and curse her with everything torturous that the Fates has. When the light died down, Jason was the first to recover. He was about to rise on his feet when a blurry pale figure slammed into him, knocking him off his feet and back to the floor. Another figured flew next to them, landing straight on Frank. The figure that landed on Jason wasn't what you would call scrawny. Heck, no! It was damn muscular, extremely pale and Jason couldn't barely feel the guy's pulse. He was on verge of dying right on Jason. Jason grunted with pain. A familiar voice from the other side of the table, where Frank had set before the other figure had slammed into him murmured. "What? Where? Frank?" But Jason never heard that voice so uncertain. He was starting to think it was a dream until he remembered the guy in him and gasped. No way! He thought. No way! He rolled under the figure that had crash-landed on him and looked at it. It was clearly a guy, about seventeen years old. He had raven-black hair that covered his face and his muscular features were pale, like he hadn't seen sun light in weeks. "Percy!" Jason closed the distanced between them and removed the hair from the figures face and saw he was right. It was Percy. So the other figure... The one that landed on Frank must've been Annabeth. Jason took a quick glimpse on the Athena Parthenos. It lay perfectly still, like nothing had happened. Like it hadn't exploded only moments ago. But it that second Jason didn't care. Percy needed his help. The Son Of The Sea God barely opened his sea-green eyes. His breathing was shaky, unsteady. Nico, who was sitting close by came running. His expresson was the one of a little kid watching an horror film. Scared out his mind, he was pale and shaking. As if he was the one that dying, not Percy. "I can't barely feel his life force!" Nico gasped. "He's going to die." "What!" Piper shrieked next to him. "No!" Tears fell from Percy's eyes. His beautiful sea-green didn't held that trouble maker smile he had all the time. When the realization that Tartarus did this to one of his best friends he cursed Athena some more for letting him fall. "Jason..." Percy grunted, his voice barely a faint whisper.. More tears fell off his eyes. Something in his eyes seemed broken, like a broken glass. Jason recognized pain, guilt and shame. What Percy had to be guilty about? To be ashamed of? Jason couldn't think of a thing that the Might Percy Jackson, The Famous Son Of Poseidon, slayer of Kronos, Hyperion and many others, A loyal pure soul like him would have something to be ashamed of. "Tell Bob that I'm sorry. Tell Nico I'm sorry, tell everyone I'm sorry. I was so prideful, selfish and self-centered. I deserve what I got. Just make sure there's peace between our camps. I don't need honorable death. Just please, Jason. Don't let my home perish." Percy? Prideful? Selfish? Self-centered? That were words that couldn't go together in Jason's mind. He had already met two sons of the sea god, excluding Arion, Hazel's horse, and until now he didn't like neither of them. But Percy was different than his two brothers. So kind and gentle, but powerful at the same time. Percy was the most modest, humble and selfless he ever got to meet. Jason realized that it was his fatal flaw at work - Loyalty. Another thing that Jason admired about Percy. He was blaming himself for not being strong enough, blames himself for mistreating people. Jason couldn't realize that. Piper and Nico already were deep in tears. Until today, Jason had never seen the son of Hades cries, now when he did he wished that he wouldn't get so see it. It was coruscating. Tears were falling from his former colic's eyes. She bit her lip trying to stop them but with no use. Jason's eyes were tearing up as well. Who was Bob? Jason didn't have the slightest clue but in how Percy described it, he did something pretty bad... But then he remembered Percy's other words. I deserve what I got. Of course he didn't deserve to die at a way that looked so agonizing. In the short time that Jason knew Percy he learn to respect the son of Poseidon, and more than that, he adored Percy. Percy was pure, brave, loyal, powerful and not arrogant like Jason learned most his half brothers are, like Hercules or Heracles... It didn't matter to Jason, he was a jerk in both aspects, Greek or Roman. But Percy was so different, even the hunters - the greatest man haters - respects him. Percy represented whatever Jason wanted to be as a hero. Suddenly another figure was shot out of the Athena Parthenos. But this figure landed on its feet. When he noticed the guy he almost faltered, but then he remembered then he needed to protect Percy, who was lying helplessly, dying to the mercy of the Titan who just left the Athena Parthenos. Jason couldn't remember this Titan, but he knew it was a Titan only by the sheer power it radiated. He was seven feet tall, with silvery, long floating hair and silver eyes. Maybe he was the Titan of the Moon or something. Because when he imagined Diana the goddess of the Moon he imagined her with that hair and eyes. His sister Thalia, who is hunter of Artemis told him he was right only with the eyes, she told him Artemis, which is Diana in her Greek form had auburn hair. "Bob..." Percy croaked out, making Jason to jump in surprise. The Titan smiled... He smiled... Jason realized. A soft, kind, friendly smiled. It Jason a few moments to realize the Titan is Bob. Bob, The Titan. Jason couldn't quite wrap his mind around that idea. Out of the shock, he was frozen. And he didn't notice he had allowed the Titan Bob to get closer. Luckily Reyna was still at her best guard, she jumped on her feet, raising her imperial gold dagger at the Titan. Bob flinched back, his silvery eyes went wide in hurt. What Jason didn't expect was that Bob the Titan will throw his arms around Reyna and hug her tightly. "Percy Jackson!" The Titan said happily. "My Friend!" Jason's eyes went wide. Percy managed to befriend with a titan? Ever though that Titan looked quite harmless. He reminded Jason of Percy's half-brother, Tyson the Cyclops. Who only looks big and scary but inside he's just a sweet Teddy Bear. But actually Percy looked just as shocked as Jason. But a little happiness glinted in his eyes. "Really?" He manage to whisper loud enough for Bob to hear. Bob nodded. "Yes, Percy! We're Friends." But then his face turned sad and he knelt besides the dying demigod. "I can't heal you, friend." He told Percy. Percy nodded. "Thank you, you forgave me." Percy sounded like it was hard for him to believe, like the idea was too good to be true. "That's enough for me. Would you tell Annabeth I love her?" Bob nodded insistently. "I will, my friend." Percy gave the Titan one last croaked smile. Like it was taking the toll for him to make even that little movement. And closed his beautiful sea-green eyes forever. His chest stopped to rise and fall, he stopped breathing. Jason's stomach shifted into a painful notch as he realized what had just happened. The legendary Percy Jackson just had died in front of his eyes. In his arm actually. He heard Reyna screams something that sounds like 'No!' but he was already at his one world sobbing into his hands. Reyna and Piper, the daughter of Love and daughter of war simply hugged each other and sobbed into each other's shoulders. The same did the Titan and the son of Hades. The others, who were too busy previously in smothering Annabeth in a hug than pay much attention to them shot their gaze up to the sound of the crying. They gave him weird looks. Like they said 'Why on Gaea are you crying? Annabeth had just got back from Tartarus! You need to come smother her like we do instead of sobbing on whatever you're sobbing at'. "Nico!" Hazel cried. Jason took it as a signal that she wasn't used to see her brother Nico Di Angelo, the scary to death son of Hades cries. Frank seemed oblivious to their crying. He rose on his feet and toured around the ship's upper deck and did a little scan. "If Annabeth flew out of the Athena Parthenos and landed here..." Jason knew where he was going, and he did not like it. "Then Percy is suppose to be somewhere near by." He reasoned. That put Jason as friends in a louder round of tears or mourning. A big lump stucked in Jason's throat after seeing one of his closest friends dying in his hands while he was powerless to stop it. "What's up with all the crying, guys?" Leo asked trying to cheer the spirits up as he jumped on his feet and made his way to chase. "We'll find Percy in two..." When he saw Percy's dead body he stopped, his eyes tear up. Leo wasn't the type to whine about things. But they crashed on each other, mourning on their lost friend together. All the rest, after seeing Leo break down, ran toward them. Frank was first to reach. He turned into dove,