Zeus Get A Lightning Bolt In His Ass Piper I hate my stupid life. First, Boys look at me like I'm a piece of meat, I've tried everything to make them to stop flirting with me. I tried to say I'm not intrusted, but turns out it doesn't matter. I've tried to ignore them but when boys locked on something they never let go. I've tried to threat them, but they just laughed and told they "like they're girls feisty". I even tried to tell them I have a boyfriend, which I didn't have but you're desperate you'll try everything, but apparently that just makes me desireable. Secondly, my dad, doesn't have any time for me. He is super famous actor with thousands of screaming girls at his feet, not that he even notice the girls. Why? Well, 'll get to that later. Anyway, my dad and I used to be quite poor, lived on what he have modestly, and we both liked it. I was my dad's whole world, and he was mine, in those time I could just shake the annoying boys off me and enjoy the time with my dad. But my dad wanted the best for me, so he started acting to gain money. None of us expected my dad to get so successful. Soon enough, we stopped with our family nights and now he's never around. So my only parent figure is my dad's bitchy assistance Jane, who cares for me about the same she cares for the dumpster. You're probably thinking, so where's your mom? So here's the thing, she left. My dad and she long time ago at Hell-Knows-Where and fell in love in first sight. My mom was my dad first love and his last. She was the love of his life, he wouldn't think about another girl but her. Some of the reader might think Oh, that's so sweet But that is so not. My dad remained heart-broken, he thinks she's dead and that's why she hadn't come back. But I know better. I know in my heart that she's alive, no matter where she is I know I will find her and punch her in the face for leaving my dad and me. And third, I'm what you can call "a delinquent". I got arrested more times than I can count and was kicked out of five schools in my life. I wasn't always like this. That's what I do to get my dad's attention, I know its stupid but it's the only way I have to get him to finally notice me. When I stole a car that was it. He sent me to the worst place on earth The Wilderness School I would elaborate about this hell later. Well, I didn't exactly stole that car. You probably won't believe me when I'll tell I didn't steal the car, not exactly, but it's true. The owner of the car shop just let it to me, I know that doesn't sound so realistic but I'm telling the truth. He gave it to me, willingly. That's how I get all the stuff I "steal" if I would actually try to steal something I be caught more fast than I could even say "Oops". I usually just ask from the owner and he gives me the idem I wanted without any hesitation, then, he realizes the idiotic thing he have done and calls the police. And of course he wouldn't believe me. So, I guess I should intrados myself. My name is Piper McLean. Yes, I'm the daughter of The actor Tristan McLean and no I'm not getting you an autograph. So don't you dare to squeak or gasp or whatever. I'm sixteen years old and as I already said I'm going to school at the hell called The Wilderness School. It's a school for "troubled kids" supposedly, like me. But actually I'm pretty much stuck with a bunch of stupid morons in one boarding school. I was sitting next to my best and only friend in this apes cage, Leo Valdes. I wouldn't call him innocent, not at all, bit he's the only one sufferable in this place. He's a loyal and great friend, and always has a joke to lighten up the mood, no really he never gets out of jokes. Sometimes I think he spent all night creating new jokes. Leo was a little Latino boy, with dark skin - Not African Dark - and curly brown hair. He had that mischievous smile that warns you to never let him near matches or sharp objects. I laid my head on the glass and tried to ignore the noise. I closed my eyes and focused on my breathing, which was hard since I'm ADHD. At last I fell asleep, when I saw my dream I wished I could just go back to the reality. In the dream, and I was fully aware that it was dream, I was standing in A Gigantic room. It was definitely the prettiest room I had ever seen. The walls were decorated with drawings of things I recognized as Greek Mythology stories, straight from the beginning of the world when Chaos, the first being created the world and up to the The Giant war, when the gods defeated the Earth Goddess Gaea. I saw scenes from The Legends about the Greek Heroes, I saw Heracles kills the Nemean Lion with his bare hands. I saw Perseus slays Medusa. I saw Theseus slays the Minotaur in the Labyrinth. And plenty more, and that was the eastern wall. The Western Wall was full with images I did not recognize. The main Character there was a teenage boy, there were six drawing of him. In Each image he seem to grow another year. In the first Image he was standing in a lake, a glowing Trident above his head and many teenagers looking at him awe. He held a bronze sword in his hand, I could see only his back. His hair was black. He looked about twelve. In the next Image he was standing next to a big pine tree, a girl with spiky hair and piercing blue eyes. They were staring at each other, both wide-eyed.I could see his face now, he was seriously handsome for a 13-year-old. He had mesmerizing Sea Green eyes. I was about to look at the next image when a shout from someone made me to turn. "WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY DAD?" The voice screamed desperately. I whirled around to see the exact kid from the images standing in the middle of the room. He was about seventeen, to say he was hot would be an understatment. He was tall in his 6'3 foot. Muscular. His hair was wind-swept Jet-Black and his eyes... oh, his eyes. They were like the bottom of the sea that I used to love when I dived with my dad. But they were darker, filled with hopelessness. Three girls and a oy were struggling each against three boy who were holding them. Screaming and protesting. The boy with the Sea-Green eyes turned to them, giving them a small smile mouthing 'I'm okay.' They, ignored him. Kept screaming and kicking and visibly wounding the ones who held them down. A crowd of kids and a centaur were watching. My eyes widened, not because of the centaur, because the shape he was in. He was lying helplessly on the floor, his horse legs bleeding hard. It was a dream, I shouldn't be shocked about centaurs, I mean, yes, it's kind of weird because most of the girls dreams about Unicorns. I guess I just picked other kind of hybrid horse. What shocked me the most, was not centaur, not the Gigantic room. It was the fact that all that tremendous crowd of teenagers no one but the centaur and the struggling kids were showing any sign of them being upset of what is occurred right in front of their eyes. In fact, they looked rather pleased with the events, that made me want to take a knife and stab each of them. The four kids looked like they've seen better days. The boy, had his light-brown hair all messed, he had big bags under his eyes and his sky-blue eyes help too much pain. He was hot, I had to admit, not as hot as the Sea-Green-Eyed one, but still hot. The girl on his right was literally sparkling with electricity, what made the teens who were holding her a much harder job, their hands looked burned up. And they winced once in a while. The girl herself was beautiful, her silver parka was toured up, revealing her sexy legs. Her hair reached a little after her shoulders, she had a silver tiara on her head that somehow didn't fell as she struggled and twisted from side to side. Her electric blue eyes crackled like the sky on a lightning storm. The girl to his left was a total different challenge, undoubtedly she was the strongest. She was tall, her brown hair was picked up in a suppose-to-be hight pony-tail. She had define muscles and the kids who were holding her down were practically screaming in pain as she twisted their hands and bones. If looks could kill the entire room was already long gone after looking in her broen-reddish eyes. Her whole facial expression promised pain. The last girl didn't look like much compared to the other three. But my instincts told me not to unsermaste her. She had the curliest hair I've ever seen. Her orange curls flew down to her waist like flaming fire. It was beautiful. Her skin was slightly tan, although she was the least tan of all kids in there, her face we covered with graceful freckles, she looked like someone who would fit good in the part of Ginny Weasley in the Harry Potter movies. But way more beautiful. Her jeans were splattered with paint. She green eyes, I could quiet figure out the name of the shade but they were full with panic. In the room there were twelve thrones, shaped in a U. And a hearth in the middle of the U, right before the boy. A girl, non more than eight years old was sitting by the heart and poking the fire with a stick. She had tears in her eyes. Her arms were shackled to the floor, she looked like she wanted to jump forward and defend the bot but couldn't. In the twelve Gigantic Thrones twelve Gigantic people were seated. One woman with ebony, wavy long hair, piercing gray eyes that full with wisdom and a white-gold crown on her beautiful head chuckled darkly. The boy shot his glance to her, his eyes like the stormy sea. Furious and Merciless. "He didn't even notice Apollo poisoning his drink." The woman said delightfully. She looked rather amused, in a cruel twisted way. "It was only a matter of time before he dropped." I gasped, my hand flew to my mouth in shock. Poison? The boy's eyes widened and tears fell from them, now, his eyes looked devastated. I heard a gasp from the right side of the U. I turned my eyes to see a rather good-looking man holding a thing that from the time I help my dad to study about Greek Mythology I recognized as Hermes' Caduseus. He looked at the Gigantic teen, sitting at the throne by his side, his sky-blue eyes flickering with berayal. If I would have to guess he was the bog brother of the boy who was struggeling, they looked so much alike, but he was far to young to be his father, the boy looked 19. Like the girl next to the hearth, he had tears in his eyes and he was shackled to his throne in the same bronze chains like the girl. The Gigantic teen was the defination of handsome. He had blond swooing silky-looking