Disclaimer: Noppoh and me (madie080802), we do not own Harry Potter, however, JK Rowling and WBros does. We own the plot and Ernest, yes, he is the figment of our imagination. We know, we are crazy. Laughs. A/N: The pair that is WineChocolate, well we love Severus Snape dearly. We just cannot get enough of his brain, and his heart. We decided to continue and now we are happy to present: "The Dark Prince of Serpents." Chapter 1.- Closing the Circles. Little Brussels Playhouse. Forêt de Soignes. 3 May 1999. 7 am. Severus struggled as he tried to wake up. His consciousness was in the middle of dream and lucid thoughts. His mind was a contradiction as his eyelids fluttered and opened, remembering. Unconscious memory still displayed a nightmare. He was walking through the passages of Hogwarts, the castle was burning, and he walked into one of the dusty classrooms that were out of use. Inside the room, a gray light seemed to be calling him. Closer to it, he saw it was a reflecting image, it was a grand mirror. The mirror of Erised. Closer, and an image broke the mirror's surface. A tall man dressed in black, a beautiful woman with auburn hair and emerald eyes. In between them a small boy, no older than seven years old, with green eyes, his son. His heart broke as he took a closer look into his soul's most inner desire, and the potions master kneeled in despair. The fire is reaching the halls, the castle is under siege. He wanted to die, he wanted to fade into the rubble and then he heard her, before he could see her. Like a song or a soft prayer, she talked: Severus! Wake up! that life is lost, but you remain and that family you long for, in the past, is coming to meet you, wake up, love, it's on its way... He shifts in a heap of sheets, birds are singing, in this place of perpetual spring, and then he yells: "Shut up, you feather balls!"..." He sighs audibly, blinks, takes in the daylight and the soft coloring shading his room. Severus denies and adds to his lucid train of thoughts… "I was ready to die! Why am I not dead?" Muttering under his breath, he blinks at the early morning sun, and crawls out of bed. Looking down, he notices he's wearing white, cotton trousers with an equally white tunic. "What the hell am I wearing? They can't be serious? Where are my clothes? What the bloody fuck happened?" "I think you can find the answer in the letter that was left for you." Severus swirled towards the voice, silently summoning his wand. He encountered two Druids. A pair of ancient and powerful looking men, dressed in robes of white, tall and devoid of jewelry, the two held on to staffs. Their open faces, just like an apparition, left the potions master breathing slowly. The appearance of men with beards in a place so full of summer made him weary, since the only time he saw more than one man with a white beard was on christmas. He blinked and wondered if he could be as trusting towards them, as he once held credence for Albus. Bowing his head was merely a sign of respect. So he greeted them with reverence. He inquired. 'What are you two doing here?" "We assisted with your healing, and watched over you while you slept." "While I slept?" he repeated, getting more annoyed by the minute. "And pray, do tell me, what day is it today?" "It's the 3rd of May," The first druid answered. "Right, so I slept for how many hours?" asked the potions master, slightly pale. "Of 1999," the second continued. "What, are you serious?"... I slept for a full year?!" The Druids almost sniggered. They seemed to be awfully enjoying themselves at his expense. He scowled his most ferocious scowl at them, and they merely smiled. Well, that wasn't the response he'd expected. "Read your letter." Waving his wand over his clothes, making it at least turn black, he grumpily stalked to the desk to grab the letter. " Dear Severus, Throughout the years, I've kept an eye on you, ever since that lovely summer of '88. I've watched you grow, watched you become the man you are today. I always wondered if you figured out my identity. No amount of apologies will ever make up for the fact that I doubted you this last year. I am so, so sorry. Despite knowing you, despite knowing just how much of a Slytherin you are, I ignored my intuition, and doubted you. Worst of all, for some time, I hated you. I let you go through this dark period alone. I did not trust you, and it is clear now that I failed you, and went as far as to call you out in public, to label you a coward. I will forever regret my lack of judgement, there is no going back from that. But I could do one thing to try and atone for my behaviour against you, and that was to pray, pray to the Goddess to save you. The mother Goddess deemed you worthy. My dear, dear Severus, I am proud of you. Proud of the man you have become, proud of your conviction to the Light, even when the Light forsake you. You deserve to live, you deserve your chance at happiness, never doubt that. You are a good man! In order to save you...you and I went through a ritual, in which I donated some of my blood. The Goddess blessed the sacrifice, and on said ritual, she gave you a gift. As you are now in one piece and of sound mind, I must inform you one last thing: currently, you and I share one attribute, Selkie lineage. I am proud to call you my brother. I know, this may sound insane, but I do remember in your many qualities and abilities, your capacity for acceptance, plus a dark sense of humor, remember this when you take a look in the mirror. We will see each other again soon, I promise. Until then, Yours truly, Athena" "That gorgeous nymph just had to come and save my miserable hide, now did she!" he thought. Dread filled him when he read the final paragraph. What would he encounter in the mirror? Would he now have eyebrows to match his nose? He quickly grabbed some of his hair. At least that was still black. Turning around, he saw a twinkle in both the Druid's eyes. It did nothing to ease his dread, rather on the contrary. Looking around the rather luxurious room, he saw a standing mirror in the corner. A cloth was draped over it. Thinking that postponing would do him no good, he strode to the mirror. With a resigned sigh, he pulled away the cloth. For a moment, confusion held him, before realisation dawned. "Nimue tit!... I'm still dreaming?, oh hell!, no!" This time, a snigger could be heard from one of the Druids. Severus ignored it. "Oh for fucks sake, did you administer Polyjuice to keep me safe?" "No. This is what you look like now," one of the Druids answered, his mirth obvious in his voice. "I do not think this is funny! Wait? What do you mean? This is my face now?" "It most certainly is." "I look like a girl!" "Most would say you look handsome." "What? No! You listen to me! What happened in that forsaken ritual Athena spoke of?" "You were about to cross over and die, we were summoned by the Goddess, to stand vigil and await for the brave daughter of Selkies and the Dark Prince of Serpents," said the first Druid. "We do not question, we comply, we were brought here, to the hidden spring below the Little Brussels Playhouse," said the second elder. "Just so you know, the daughter of Selkies, she really loves you"... "You are a fortunate man, to have such respect and devotion, from a spiritual sister, as that grand dame displayed for you"... "In that moment, in which the world as you knew it, fractured… she saved you, but not before saving many more back in Scotland… we knew you had to be special, and we were not disappointed when the miracle of the mother Goddess crystallized." "The mother Goddess is abstract to us, she manifests in the different shades of seasons, in ritual, in sacred lands and magical lore and creatures. The Goddess almost never speaks, or shares a voice to be understood and yet, dark Prince of Serpents, she made her voice be heard by us, and to the daughter of Selkies, and the love and generosity of that miracle will ring through my soul, until the end of my life... the Sacred Female , saved you… she cleansed the poison in your body and magic, she took away your pain, by the sacrifice of blood by the daughter of Selkies… you stand here, you were made whole again. The mother Goddess gave you back your youth... not only that, she vowed to make your deepest dream come true, and you complain about your appearance?" inquired the second Druid. "The mother Goddess? She decided to put the cherry on top, and make me look pretty ? This is fucked up! I don't want to look like the dark version of a Veela, Selkie, whatever!" Enraged, he turned back to the two Druids. Severus thought, "Why, why couldn't even death cut him some slack?" He had the distinct impression both Druids were laughing at him, but all they showed was a polite smile. The Druids shrugged at the ingrate in black, and his almost infantile reaction, however, dealing with a new lease on life was bound to be a shocking turn of events for anyone, and it made more sense to the Druids, that this response was a natural outcome for someone who wanted to die. One of the Druids said: "I'm being summoned elsewhere, I bid a good day to you both." The second one simply nodded. "Go and do the Goddess' work, my friend. We will meet again." He turned towards Severus. "You, come with me." Severus sighed and followed the Druid, he wasn't happy, he still felt like the butt of the joke, but then again, that feeling wasn't anything new. The two walked out of the chamber. Turning around, Severus noticed that it looked like an apartment of functional and elegant design. High vaulted ceiling, soft neutral coloring, and he realized it was a healing room. They walked through the door and as he advanced, into a courtyard, taking in the sight of the of the green foliage, flowers, birds and natural life, all of it seemed brutally beautiful. His eyes became heavy with tears of joy. How? When? What? And why? The elder took a moment to look at the young male, he nodded and said: "It's okay, you are a new born Selkie and nature, magic and beauty are quite an impact, to all newborns." "What are you saying? That I'm going to turn into an over sensitive pile of mush, like a Hufflepuff?" The elder laughed, and added: "You must have been quite the handful as a child, your mother should be commended, stop sulking and hurry up, I want to show you the real gem this place holds." Severus raised an eyebrow, however, he decided to follow. The elder continued walking while Severus felt that he was stepping into a maze of colors, textures and scents. Like a child he wondered if the sky ever held that much blue? The young Selkie realized that the wild honey smell of summer was intoxicating, and became curious about his attitude, and, if he in fact ever felt this vulnerable in his life? Severus then noticed an imposing portal in the distance, their walk led