Disclaimer: We don't own Harry Potter. If we did?, my dearest Noppoh and me, would be living on a Tropical Island surrounded by a multitude of servants attending our every whim. We are so glad that JKR created this universe. We just play with her characters. The plot line is ours though. Thanks again, and don't forget to leave a review. Noppoh and Maddie080802 a.k.a. WineChocolate. Laughs. Hogwarts School of Wizardry. Scotland. February 26, 2001. Evening. The day is done, and now the Headmistress is sitting down and finally starts to work on her memoirs. "Thank goodness for privacy," she thinks to herself. Going through her notes, scourgify-ing the ink stains, and getting a hot drink to sooth the cold of the month of February, she turns the page and once again, her smirk turns to a smile. A name , "The Little Brussels playhouse" stands like a muggle neon sign, in her loopy calligraphy. Again, her memory is painting a moment in time, like a photograph that is regaining focus. She is taken back: It was the year of 1988, summer vacation, and Minerva had reservations at the Little Brussels playhouse retreat. She was looking forward to the time off. The country retreat was, and is to this day, unplottable. She sighs. "It was only three years before everything changed, before Harry Potter stepped into Hogwarts, and that wraith started shifting everything around us... oh, the joy of being so blissfully ignorant of the future." The little Brussels retreat was an establishment for all kinds of wizards and witches, and because it was an unplottable location, it had a flair for those witches and wizards that wanted to rebel, but oh the debates, seminars, and evenings of poetry were unmatched, and for those who wanted to explore or live an erotic escapade, there was a second floor to do so. Minerva could walk into the Little Brussels Playhouse without her glamour, and be just herself, and for that part of the year let her fiery blood run free. How can anyone even picture Minerva McGonagall entering those halls?, the mere idea made owners and workers laugh. The wise and very brilliant teacher of their children was not visualized to even look at them, much less share herself to the spirit of sensuality, why would she?. If, however, she ever came close, it would be because she received a faulty portkey, and even then, the wards would wail. However, mistress Athena, the photographer, oh she was the dream of almost anyone who she smiled at, but a mirage if you ever tried to capture her. She was a mystery, the body and presence of a goddess, long black hair, dark eyes, full red lips, like those of cherries, she smelled like citrus, flowers and jazmines. Tall, curvaceous. Aloof, and to those she graced with conversation and intimate yet ephemeral touches, a wonder. Athena sashayed making an entrance, and just as always, the crowds parted. Many think she is a dark veela. The veela think she is a nymph. The nymphs think she is a human sized fairy. Minerva, on the other hand, knows she is just a big fluffy kitty that loves to be stroked, cherished and revered. It is then that her eyes come across a male, with the most beautiful hands, and he just happened to walk into the playhouse. From his silhouette, she could tell that he is not that good looking, then Athena arched an eyebrow, of course she recognizes the man, as a matter of fact, she has a special project revolving around him, and without thinking she calls him: "Severus?" Severus stops at mid step, and turns to answer to his name, and then he freezes. Women don't call his name, if not to point at him and laugh. He is more than used to being overlooked, ignored and underappreciated, hell, he just came to this "playhouse" as a substitute, because his teacher fell ill. Then the oddest thing took place, the most beautiful creature called him. Merlin! It was too early to start with derisions, but then how?. How did this woman/creature? know about him? and why did she call to him, in such a casual way? Before he could even utter a word to dissipate his doubts, a troop of servants and managers, owners and patrons, turn to the woman, the most alluring being in this rackety house of rest... oh well. Severus shrugs, takes his luggage, and continues walking to his room, maybe he misheard. Athena smiles with true warmth at the group of people greeting her, but then she looks at the dark, young potions master walk away, looking like a child that was promised a sweet at the store, but later figures out that it was a lie. Well that wouldn't do, not this time. Athena is not Minerva, and the woman standing at the playhouse, is a curious creature. She wants to explore those hands, his black hair, his silent passion for knowledge, and his soft baritone voice. The question now is: How is she going to get him to open those robes and let her in? Athena turns back to the group of people surrounding her, and with some careful questions and stunning smiles, she needles out of them what she wants to know It turns out Severus is here to speak as part of the potion conference that would be taking place the next two days. She grins, "plenty of time" she thinks. With a bit more teasing and flirting, she learns he is staying at room 6 on the third floor. Twirling her hair, she playfully slaps at a stray hand from one of her suitors. Deciding to wait him out, she orders herself a whiskey. He should come eventually, if only for dinner. She was sadly mistaken. Severus drops his bags on the floor and looks around the room. He rolls his eyes as he spots the large bed that takes up most of the room. Right, he had heard about the more carnal entertainment that went on here. He cursed his former instructor for falling sick and forcing him to come here. He never did understand how a conference center, lose information center and, how to call it?, brothel? can be situated under one roof. With a sigh he sits himself down on the bed, trying very hard not to think about what might have happened in there. Even though nothing inappropriate would be happening on the ground floor, he decides to have dinner in his room. The less he sees from this place, the better, he decides. After dinner, he takes his notes and starts revising what he would say the next day. He would speak first thing after the lunch break. A knock on the door surprises him. For the first time in ages, his mask slips into a look of utter shock. In front of him stands the most sensual female he has ever seen, the one that called his name when he arrived. She smiles at him and momentarily, he forgets how to breathe. "I was waiting for you," the vision says, pouting a bit, "but you never showed. So I decided to come up instead." Mutely he steps aside as she walks into his room, and drops herself on his bed. "Merlin, I love the beds here!" She lifts her head and looks him in the eye. "There just so ... inviting, don't you think?" He closes the door, and wonders if all of this a game, or a practical joke. He was just in his room, moping over the events of the day, his distaste for the lodgings, and his miserable fortune just laughing at him. He looks at the woman standing on his door, as she walks into his room and makes herself comfortable, her perfume and her open disposition, that this is just another casual conversation. There was no mistake, he was a former death eater, a master occlumens, and a legilimens. Nobody knew about his true potential, not Dumbledore, not Voldemort... and he was not easily fooled. So he took a deep breath, and then he stopped his thoughts. He took a step closer to the bed, there was a scent...A familiar scent, something that always made him feel relaxed. She couldn't be!. He thought. He crouched onto the bed, and then got close to her. With the palms of his hands, barely touching, he discovered her warm skin, the soft and lustrous black hair, the skin of her shoulders, and gently he scratched her. She jumped, and he silently laughed, eliciting a huge smile from her. He then kissed the aforementioned shoulder, felt her shiver, and said in a small voice: " Finite Incantatem " waiting for a reveal. Minerva(Athena), was anything but surprised. She knew that Severus was a potions master, and a genius, a dark genius, so he was being sneaky, was he? Two could play the game! She turned her head, reached for him and ran her fingers through his hair. It had a remarkable silky feel to it. Not greasy at all. "Now what did you expect would happen?" "I know you." His low tone made her suppress a shiver of delight. She noticed how he didn't say that he knew her identity, simply that he knew her. "You think you know me, but do you really?" she answered. She laughed lightly as she continued to stroke his hair. He leaned his head into her touch while wracking his brain. How did he know that scent? Her hand trailed down his neck and over his jaw, short-circuiting his brain, and making him forget everything. Now he had to start all over with his analysis of this mystery woman. Minerva smirked as she saw all thoughts vacating Severus' mind. She decided to play with him a little longer, but leave the 'main event' for the next evening. It would be fun to watch this stoic, dark man squirm a bit. She rubbed her cheek onto his, touching in response to his scratches. His face, his expression changed to one of shock. Severus, never had anyone rub herself to him. Athena was glad, she could feel the smooth, soft and fragrant skin on his face. Oh, he smelled like oak trees, clover, incense, fire and musk. Earthy and his hands became like iron manacles to her, but she wasn't afraid, she could reject in a swift move, however, she wanted to have her perfume, on him. Quickly he scrambled back to the foot of the bed, looking at the sensual woman in front of him. He needed to get her out of his room, before he did foolish things, before he lost his head. "Who are you?" he asked, his tone slightly accusing. She smiled at him, pushing herself up on her elbows. "But only a moment ago you said you knew me," she teased. "You seem familiar," he answered dryly. Minerva chuckled, and eyed him appreciatively. She had caught a glimpse of a lean body beneath all those layers of clothes when he was leaning over her earlier. Now she was really curious about what he was hiding. She decided to ease his concern a bit. "Severus, my name is Athena, and you don't know me, until today, we never looked at eachother before. I'm a freelance photographer and I know you, because I'm subscribed to the "Liquid Magic" I was given the appointment to make the shoot for the cover of the same periodical, and in the process to get a picture of the youngest potion master in a century. Your mentor sent a letter to the editor and chief for services. The editor instructed me, to help the magazine in procuring a good image. He described you, and when I entered the hall of the Playhouse, I could tell, who was the young brooding potions master, I called your name and you did turn to see me, but