" What?" I looked at his hands, looking for any weapons. "I will die." " Use your chopsticks." He pulled them out of my hair... He put them in my hands, "Spin them." Mr. Brunner demanded. " Spin?" " Like in class, with your pencils, hurry!" Look, I know it's cool to be a half-blood and all, but calm down, you will die. If you are reading this, thinking that you might be one, my advice is stop. You aren't cool. I'm kidding, but seriously. Believe whatever story your mom or dad told you, and try to live a normal life. Being a half-blood, it's dangerous. It's scary. Most of the time, you can even get killed in the most painful, and nastiest way possible. But if you recognize yourself in these pages, if you feel something stirring inside, STOP READING IMMEDIATELY. You might be one of us, and once you know that, it's only a matter of time before they sense it too, and they will come for you. My name is Sappy Takamitsu. I am ten years old. Until a few months ago, I was a boarding student at Yancy Academy, a private school for troubled kids in upstate New York, along with my adoptive brother, Percy Jackson. Are we troublesome kids? I guess you can say that. I could start at any point in my short miserable life to prove it, but things really started to go bad last May, when our sixth-grade class took a field trip to Manhattan, twenty-nine mental-case kids and two teachers on a yellow school bus, heading to the Metropolitan Museum of Art to look at ancient Greek and Roman stuff. I know, it sounds like torture, most Yancy field trips were, but Mr. Brunner, our Latin teacher, was leading this trip, so I had hopes. Mr. Brunner was this middle-aged guy in a motorized wheelchair. He had thinning hair and a scruffy beard and a frayed tweed jacket, which always smelled like coffee. You wouldn't think he'd be cool, but he told stories and jokes and let us play games in class. He also had this awesome collection of Roman armor and weapons, so he was the only teacher whose class didn't put me to sleep. I hoped the trip would be okay. At least, I hoped that for once, we wouldn't get in trouble. Boy, was I wrong. See, bad things happen to me on field trips. Like at my fifth-grade school, when we went to the Saratoga battlefield, I had this accident with a Revolutionary War cannon, along with my brother. We weren't aiming for the school bus, but of course, we got expelled anyway. Also, before that, at our fourth grade school, when we took a behind-the-scenes tour of the Marine World shark pool, Percy sort of hit the wrong lever on the catwalk and our class took an unplanned swim. Another time, I supposedly "burned" a bully's hair. And the time before that...well, you get the idea. This trip, I was determined to be good. All the way to the city, Percy and I put up with Nancy Bobofit, the freaky, redheaded kleptomaniac girl, hitting our best friend, Grover, in the back of the head with chunks of peanut butter and ketchup sandwich. Not to be mean or anything, but our friend here, was an easy target. He was scrawny. He cried when he got frustrated. He must have been held back for several grades because he was the only sixth grader with acne and the start of a wispy beard on his chin. On top of all that, he was crippled. He had a note excusing him from PE for the rest of his life because of some random kind of muscle paralysis in his legs. Grover walked funny, like every step hurt him, but don't let that fool you. You should've seen him run when it was enchilada day in the cafeteria. Anyway, back to the topic, Nancy Bobofit was throwing wads of sandwich that stuck to his curly brown hair, and she know that Percy and I couldn't do anything back to her because we were already on probation. The headmaster had threatened me with death by in-school suspension if anything bad, embarrassing, or even mildly entertaining happened on this trip. "I'm going to kill her," Percy mumbled. "You can't." I spoke up, looking past Grover to see him, "At least not yet. Just wait for the police to go searching for you, then we can both kill her and go to jail together." "Guys, no." Grover tried to calm us down, "It's okay, I like peanut butter." "Not as much as enchiladas." I scoffed, as he dodged another piece of Nancy's lunch. "That's it." Percy and I synchronized, and started to get up, but Grover pulled us both down. "You guys are already on probation," he reminded, "You know who will get blamed if anything happens." "Oh good, god." I uttered, the sound of thunder echoed after I said that. I looked up, and saw nothing but a clear blue sky. Mr. Brunner led the museum tour. He rode up front in his wheelchair, guiding us through the big echoing galleries, past marble statues and glass cases full of really old black and orange pottery. It blew my mind that this stuff had survived for two thousand, three thousand years. He gathers us around a thirteen-foot-tall stone column with a big sphinx on the top, and started to tell us how it was a grave marker, a stele, for a girl about our age, or the other sixth graders, since I am the youngest at the age of ten. He told us about the carvings on the sides. I was trying to listen to what he had to say because it was interesting, but everybody around me were talking, and every time I told them to shut up, the other teacher chaperone, Mrs. Dodds, would give me the evil eye. It wouldn't be a problem with the kids blabbing, if I didn't have ADHD. Mrs. Dodds was this little math teacher from Georgia who always wore a black leather jacket, even though she was fifty years old. She looked mean enough to ride a Harley right into your locker. She had come to Yancy halfway through the year, when our last math teacher had a nervous breakdown. From her first day, Mrs. Dodds loved Nancy Bobofit and figured that Percy and I were devil spawn. She would point her crooked finger at me and say, "Now honey," real sweet, and I knew I was going to get after-school detention for a month. One time, after she'd made me erase answers out of old math workbooks until midnight, Percy and I told Grover that we think that Mrs. Dodds wasn't human. He looked at us, real serious, and said, "You are absolutely right." Mr. Brunner kept talking about Greek funeral art. Finally, Nancy Bobofit snickered something about the naked guy on the stele, and Percy quickly turned around and said "Will you shut up?" That came out pretty loud. The whole group laughed. Mr. Brunner stopped his story. "Mr. Jackson," He spoke, "did you have a comment?" His face turned a bright red, "No, sir." Mr. Brunner pointed to one of the pictures on the stele, "Perhaps, you'll tell us what this picture represents." I observed the painting and sighed of relief. That's an easy one. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" Percy said. "Yes, and he did this because…" "Well," Percy started, "Kronos was the king god, and…" "God?" "Titan," I corrected, "Father of the gods. He didn't trust his kids, which were the gods, so he ate them. However, his wife, Rhea, hid baby Zeus, with the help of Gaea's, or Mother Earth, idea, Rhea gave him a rock to eat instead." "And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters." "Eww!" one of the snobby girls shrieked from behind us. "And so there was this big fight between the gods and the titans," Percy continued, "and the gods won." Some snickers were heard in the group. Behind Percy, Nancy Bobofit mumbled to another friend, "Like we're going to use this in real life. Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" "Like you know how to fill in a job application." I retorted, earning a punch on the lower part of my back. "And why, Mr. Jackson, to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question, does this matter in real life?" "Busted." Grover muttered. "Shut up," Nancy hissed, her face even brighter than her hair. At least Nancy got packed, too. Mr. Brunner was the only one who ever caught her saying anything wrong. Like me, he had radar ears, maybe not as good though. Percy thought about the question, and shrugged, "I don't know, sir." "I see," Mr. Brunner looked disappointed. "Maybe there are such things as gods and titans. Maybe the titans are trying to rule the earth again, and are seeking revenge at the very moment." I commented. Instead of even considering my idea, the whole class started laughing, and of course I would make the obvious, idiotic mistake. Mr. Brunner winked at me, and quiet the class down. "Well, half-credit, Mr. Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the titan's stomach. The gods, defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld. On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" The class drifted off, the girls holding their stomachs, the guys pushing each other around and acting like doofuses. Grover, Percy, and I were about to follow when Mr. Brunner said, "Mr. Jackson, Ms. Takamitsu." I expected as much. "Go ahead, Grover, we'll meet up with you later." I told him, then turned to Mr. Brunner, "Yes, sir?" Mr. Brunner had this look that wouldn't let you do, intense brown eyes that could have been a thousand years old and had seen everything. "You guys must learn the answer to my question." "About the titans?" Percy questioned. "About real life, and how your studies applied to it." "Oh." "What you learn from me, is vitally important. I expect you to treat it as such. I will accept only the best from you, Percy Jackson." He looked over at me, "I wouldn't anything less from you either, Sappy." I wanted to know more, but I sensed that now wasn't the time. "Wait, my dear child, all will be revealed soon." A voice rang in my head. Mr. Brunner expected my brother and me to be as good as the others, despite the fact that I have dyslexia and attention hyperactivity deficit disorder. I never made it past a C+ in my life. No, he didn't expect us to be just "good", goodness, no. He wants us to be better. We know the information, or at least, the main points, I just simply fail at spelling. Percy mumbled something about trying harder. I looked over to Mr. Brunner, only to see him took a long sad look at the stele, like he'd been at this girl's funeral. "You guys are dismissed." He finally said. The class gathered on the front steps of the museum, where we could watch the foot traffic along Fifth Avenue. Overhead, a huge storm was brewing, with clouds blacker than I'd ever seen over the city. I figured maybe it was global warming or something, because the weather across New York State had been weird since Christmas. We'd had massive snow storms, floods, wildfires from lightning strikes, the poor animals. I wouldn't have been surprised if this was a hurricane