Now this is a start of a new story featuring an idea I came up with after I watched the second Hobbit movie, mostly because I simply fell in love with the dragon Smaug. I have read what there is about the dragons in Middle-earth, and I am very sorry if what I will write will not fit the canon. Obviously it's gonna be a lot AU, but hopefully you will like the story. The fanfiction will connect and feature elements from books, movies, and even computer games, as the story will move throughout Middle-earth's history. So now, let's move the first chapter... Under the Dragon Wing Chapter 1. The ancient lore and legends tells us stories of creatures so powerful, that we hardly want to believe their existence, and yet they live, thriving in the shadows, just beneath the borders of our knowledge and our imagination... It has been many years now, thousands of years since the Dark Lord, Sauron, was defeated, and the land has claimed the peace it so desperately needed. For these thousands of years, the free peoples of Middle-earth have lived their lives, evolved, and formed their history, spilling blood of their enemies in the process. The lands have seen many pointless, wasteful wars, and over the time, many has forgotten the darkness that still threatened this world, from under the protective cover of the world's ignorance. It has been in here, in the great Greenwood forest this darkness has taken the strongest roots. Here, under the canopy of an endless sea of trees, where only the bravest dare to thread under the greatest need, many forms of evil have taken refuge. And it hasn't only been the spiders, those eight-legged devils that stalked on the land and though the trees for anything they could catch and feast on, but many other things, some that don't even have a name in the common tongue. And yet, even in this dangerous, corrupted place, once so beautiful, now wicked and rotten, one ray of light shines upon it like a star on a dark, night sky. For even this dark forest is inhabited by elves, and though their efforts to maintain order within their borders have always been a seemingly worthless fight, the skill of these woodland warriors have always managed to prevail, and so the kingdom of Thanduil the king still stands as a sturdy oak in a strong wind. But many things have been different. Over the hundred years, the wood elves isolated themselves from the rest of the world, even from the others of their kin, relying on their own powers only to survive. They have become a crude and unforgiving folk, distrustful towards all who ventured too far into their forest. From one side, they lived in the shadow of the forest, and from the other, the great looming shadow of the Lonely Mountain, and it's terrible guardian. It has been many years now since Smaug the Golden first swooped from the air upon the dwarven kingdom, and although the elves were hidden in their forest and so they weren't directly in the dragon's gaze, they too have suffered the consequences of his terrible wrath. And so it was their own misfortune that caused them to become the way they are. Still, there were exceptions... The western area of Mirkwood Forest, sometime in the afternoon... Swiftly and silently, a young elf's feet ran through the undergrowth. Long, brownish-golden hair flew through the air as she jumped across a fallen tree trunk, looking around herself with deep, blue eyes that seemed to glow slightly with their own light. It was indeed a wood elf, but what was she doing here alone was a mystery to everyone, even for her. She was a rather strange for a wood elf, or for an elf whatsoever, as everyone would tell you. Her name was Daenarien. Raised in the woodland realm, on king Thranduil's very court. About a hundred years ago, as a little baby, she was found on the king's doorstep. Fortunately for her the great elven king did not refuse to give her a home in his land. Some said that he had other reasons then a mere charity perhaps, but since that time, the little one was considered to be a wood elf, no matter that no one had any idea of her origins. Now, after two hundred years, she has grown up to be a smart, and beautiful young elf, full of life and love for everything around her. She was one of Thranduil's favourite, but although she felt the gratitude she should towards the king, she never liked him very much. She was very different from the wood elves in the realm, at least most of them, for she loved the forest the way it was in the present, not the way it was in the past time. She has grown up in this dark forest, and although she knew the forest to be dangerous, she loved it. She jumped on another fallen tree and sighed. She should have been back in the fortress for a while now, and yet she didn't want to leave just yet. There was something in the forest tonight, it felt more... alive then usual. As if something was going to happen. She jumped down on the ground, intending to head back, when she suddenly heard voices. She turned her head to listen better to the sound. There were several different voices, coming from the way of the old elven path. With quick, short strides, she moved towards their location, but still it took a few minutes to arrive there. And so she was a little confused, when she didn't see anyone. The place was gravely silent, at first, but then she heard another voice, one she new very well. A deep, rambling voice, coming from somewhere deeper within the trees. She followed the sound and soon she stepped on a small clearing, where immediately she saw a few dead bodies of slain spiders, struck by arrows. She turned around when she heard the voice again and she saw the source of it. One spider still lived, lying on the ground, squirming in pain as an arrow was stuck in his side. It was a rather large spider, with dark, but slightly whiting hair on his body, speaking of his great age. Daenarien couldn't help but gasp as she saw him. She knew this spider, he came to this forest a few weeks back and was living here ever since. "Aengnar," she whispered and the creature freezed for a moment, before he turned his head and his eyes fixed on the figure standing cautiously next to him. The young elf was not disgusted when she looked at the spider, she felt only pity, and out of instinct, she kneeled before the spider. She was fascinated by these creatures, they were scary, but somehow, strangely graceful in the way they moved. And for some strange reason, she could understand their language. "Leave me be, elf, let me die here alone or kill me quickly." he spoke with a deep, resonating voice, clicking his mandibles furiously. She gently stroked one of his furry legs, and then she observed the arrow. It was an elvish made arrow and she looked at the spider, surprised how lucky the creature must have been, for her kin didn't usually missed the deadly blow. His side was pierced through and yet he still lived. She sighed, for she didn't want to cause him more pain but she knew it had to be done. She took one end of the arrow, and broke it, drawing a cry of agony from the wounded creature. The spider started lashing out at her with her jaws, but he was far too weak to hurt her. She waited for him to calm down and then she took the other part of the arrow and as smoothly and quickly as she could, she pulled it out. It that moment, the spiders body slumped to the ground and for a moment, she was worried, but then he opened his dark eyes again and he was staring at her with a strange look. She couldn't read the spider's expresion, if he even had something like that, but she didn't expected gratitude, she just wanted to make sure he would be alright. She looked around, and her eyes lightened as she saw what she was looking for. Taking a few leaves of a healing plant she pressed them to the spider's wound, bandaging it with a piece of her own shirt. A few minutes later Daenarien was trotting back towards her home. She didn't waste any time when she learned about the dwarves. Soon after she tended to Aegnar's wound the old spider was able to stand on his legs, and he moved deeper into the forest to recover, but not before he told her of the dwarves they tried to kill and the elves they attacked them. She knew that by now the dwarves would probably be already in the dungeons deep within the elven fortress. She has never seen a dwarf before, and yet she felt bad for the thirteen who wondered into their forest. Determined to find out just what exactly was going on, she chose to return home as soon as possible. As the gates of the elven kingdom opened before her, she immediately headed for the dungeons but was stopped on the steps by a familiar voice, calling her name. Turning around, she saw no other than the elven prince himself, Legolas, and she narrowed her eyes in slight anger before facing him, faking a smile. His eyes were filled with clear reproach. "Where have you been, Daenarien? I thought you should have been back here before we even went on the hunt. Once again, you have disobeyed my father." "Yeah, and what about it, my prince? If you want to go and tell your father, be my guest. Who am I to stop you?" she stopped, bravely staring right into his eyes. He was of course, the most beautiful elf in the whole kingdom, but it was unbearable how much he was like his father. So arrogant in his every way. "You don't have to call me that and you know it, Daenarien. My father likes you, he treated you like one of his family. You should feel privileged, and yet you rebel all the time. The forest is a dangerous place for one so unexperienced such as you. It is unwise to be there alone for so long." he paused. "And if you're heading down there to see the... dwarves for yourself, I would advise you against it, there's nothing to see about them." Daenarien couldn't miss the disdain on his face when he spoke. "I haven't seen a dwarf in my whole life, Legolas. Whatever I am going to see down there, it surely is going to be something." she said, and when she didn't hear another word from him, she simply walked the stairs down. As soon as she reached the dungeons, and the narrow steps along the rocks, she slowed down and looked upon the cells. Immediately, her blue eyes widened in surprise as she beheld the creaters inside. But her suprise soon turned into a huge smile as she realised that these dwarves were nothing she imagined them to be. They looked like a folk she might love to be a friends with. She took a breath, still a little shy to actually talk to them, when she heard a voice. "It appears, someone has seen a dwarf for the first time." she turned her head to look at the dwarf who spoke. "Am I right, lass?" The moment she saw him, she knew she's going to like these dwarves. He was obviously the oldest of the group, with a long white beard on his chin, but his eyes were sparkling with life