"Let's run away together, Granger, we'll take nothing but our wands and each other." "Please get back to work, Malfoy." Returned Hermione's clipped voice. The satisfied smile sat silently on Draco's face, unaltered by the dismissal. Her voice held an unflinching mask of professionalism, but he was able to catch the new strength she used to press the quill to parchment. He took a slow sip from the chai tea he held, waiting from the doorway to see just when the parchment would tear from her abuse. He could hear the sharp scratching mirroring the movement of her hand, and knew a break couldn't be far off. "Alright, fine." He let out an exaggerated sigh, taking a step toward her desk. The mahogany was nearly shining in the office light, the view of its top only broken by the necessities resting there. "I guess if it's going to be a deal-breaker, we can stop by your flat and grab those little green panties I know you have." His grin grew when the quill made an abrupt twitch. The feeling of smooth silk ghosted through his fingers, the flash of deep green passed by his eyes. "If this is your formal resignation, please do note that the Ministry would prefer it to be in writing." "Unless you're wearing them now, that would save us a lot of time." He took another long stride. Hermione's choking grip on the quill assured him that it would be in pieces before he returned to his own office, merely down the hall. "With your planning we might be able to reach Amsterdam by lunch." The small rip that sounded was deafening. The abused quill was abruptly stilled, as was the tense hand connected to it. The movement's abrupt stop had left the quill's feathered end to quiver in the air, shaking with the force of her displeasure. Hermione had yet to look up from what Draco knew was an oh so deeply urgent message. He would bet ten galleons she was doing work assigned to someone else in her department. "Is Spinnet not keeping you busy enough in International Cooperation? If you let her know, I'm sure she would be happy to remedy that immediately." All of Hermione's movement had stopped other than that of her lips, which stayed in a tight line even then. Her eyes were boring holes into the already torn parchment, and Draco knew the moment he left it would be destroyed so she could work on a new and freshly unmarred sheet. "Oh, Granger I'm sure you know just how busy I keep." The final step brought his thigh now to lean against the wood's cool edge, close enough to see the muscles in Hermione's neck pulled taut in control. "Now whether my desk is holding paperwork or otherwise is only a matter of semantics." He thought again to last month's interdepartmental celebration, where they had tested the stability of that very desk. Knowing he had completed his goal of flustering Hermione, Draco turned on his heel and walked out without another word. He had barely stepped beyond the threshold when he heard the door slam with a roaring smack behind him. "Marry me, tonight. We'll tell no one but the officiator, keep the moment just to ourselves." "This board room is for Law Enforcement use only, Mr. Malfoy." Hermione said as she packed up the remnants of the meeting she had just finished. Other than her rigid response, she worked to fully ignore the presence looming over her shoulder. "Let's go get our own room, a thousand of them. Once we're married we can find a proper house together with as many rooms as you'd like." One pale, slender hand hit the table in front of her and caged the side of Hermione's body. She would have chosen to continue ignoring her present company, however the offending palm had landed squarely over her meeting notes. After witnessing the abysmal amount of notes others had taken during the discussion, the last thing she wanted was to lose those. "I heard there was a great accomplishment on trade relations with Japan, the International Cooperation department is doing very well." Hermione ignored the chin that rested serenely upon her shoulder, nearly close enough to nose her ear, and instead worked to retrieve her notes without touching the intrusive fingers. She counted to ten, trying a calming trick which she couldn't help but notice had lost its efficiency in the last few weeks of these meetings. Hermione tugged on the page's edge; neither the hand nor the notes budged. "We could find a place together in Tokyo. Let's take a portkey and a long weekend, we can go flat-hunting there as a honeymoon celebration." Draco twisted his stance, laying his other hand on the opposite side of her body. "The cherry blossoms will only be in bloom for so long." His chin now tucked into the curve of her shoulder from behind. The warmth of his body was all over hers and Hermione was taken aback again with how risky and daring and wrong and sensual this interaction was. Hermione did her best to ignore the familiarity of his stance. For just a sliver of a second she was back in his office, listening to the raucous party just beyond the door and Draco's muted grunts and moans at her neck. She could smell his cologne again, the comforting woodsy scent was just strong enough to reach her. Hermione was unhappy with herself that she had done enough research recently to learn that particular scent was an expensive sandalwood cologne. Some knowledge she just did not need. She was nearly finished getting everything from the meeting together, and wondered hopefully how well she could recreate those notes from memory if she acted quickly. "The Law Enforcement Department has been successful lately in the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts office expansion. Have you met the newest officials?" "Maybe we can get a realtor that will officiate for us while we look at flats. The quicker we can get to it, the better." Hermione stalled for just a moment, casting a longing glance at her careful notes where she could just barely catch glimpses of words between his spread fingers. The thought was soon gone, and the loud pop of her disapparition sounded when she felt Draco's warm lips press underneath her jaw. "Dinner with your parents this Friday? I have a very pressing question to ask your father." Draco announced, "I would feel poorly announcing our engagement without formally requesting your hand." Draco had caught Hermione walking out of a floo near him, refusing to turn her head in his direction. He was glad to get a start on his to-do list so early in the morning, and the visible clench in her jaw only served to spur him on. "Morning, Mr. Malfoy." Came Hermione's curt response. As he came closer with purposeful steps, her feet quickened against the stone floors. Draco laid a hand low on her hip as he matched her stride, holding her tight against his side as they walked the hall. "Is your mother a fan of flowers? I'd bring wine, but the last thing we need is for me to choose something she doesn't like." Draco pinched gently on her hip where he could feel the smoothness of her skin, just between the meeting of her clothes. "I'm sure your father will be agreeable, but getting them to call me son is another matter." Draco decided that if he was doing this for any means other than purely intellectual ones, he just might have enjoyed how soft and sexy it was to have her toned bare waist underneath his palm. Such a sweet sin hidden under such chaste clothes. Draco was struggling to pretend he wasn't thinking this, and that was not a turn-on. "Spinnet said the Quidditch Cup planning is beginning, your department must be drowning with work for the next few months." The clicking of Hermione's shoes quickened once again as she spoke, nearly keeping her in a light jog toward the lifts. Draco's hold on her hips were enough to keep Hermione from flying away from him, but he was nearing a pace faster than the casual sway he preferred. "Although, our deep undying devotion and passion for one another just might do the footwork for me." He leaned in close to her neck, being sure to breath against the shell of her ear. "What father can truly have the heart two keep two lovers apart?" Hermione's legs seemed reinvigorated by the sight of the lifts ahead, only slowing when she outpaced Draco and was held in place by nimble fingers. "Minister elections are coming up soon, within the month if I recall correctly. Shacklebolt will keep his place, I'm sure." Hermione spoke not to Draco, but to the lifts ahead. Draco noticed the pink of her cheeks, and felt nearly satisfied with her inability to even face him. It was just too easy to rile her up. Stepping deeper into the group of people waiting for a lift, Draco leaned down again to whisper only to Hermione. "I'll just have to keep the talk of bite marks and tanned thighs to myself for the night. I don't believe that would exactly," he paused to watch her tense and shiver, " endear me to them." He brought the hand wrapped on her hip up for a moment to ghost over a small spot over the right side of her back where she had not long ago nursed a rather deep wound of passion. They stepped into the next lift, and Hermione seemed to be without a viable answer. Draco smiled, glad to have won yet again. He was unsure of just when she would crack under the pressure, but rendering her speechless was enough for the time being. The morning crowd flooded into the lift around them, crushing Draco against Hermione in the tight quarters. He couldn't help but look down again to her, seeing the bright red flush that had spread across her neck like wildfire. He had a few quips lined up to continue the barrage (he wanted to see just what shade of red he could get her blush to turn), but the upcoming quidditch season regrettably meant that he was having to cooperate with other departments while things were being set up. When the lift came to the Invisibility Task Force and he stepped to exit, he could hear the deep breath she released behind him. "Do you have any thoughts on baby names, Granger?" Draco closed Hermione's office door behind him. "I'm partial to keeping with the family tradition of naming children after constellations, but it can be tricky. I absolutely will not agree to Ursa or Pegasus, just begging to be mocked." He stepped further into the room, taking a seat at the front of Hermione's desk. Hermione did not move. She did not scratch her quill, she did not look up at his arrival, and she debated just closing her eyes and waiting for the teasing to conclude. "I heard the first Quidditch game of the season is set for tomorrow. Germany and Brazil, if I recall correctly?" Hermione forced the words from her mouth. Being civil was growing difficult with time, as Draco seemed unwilling to give up this quest to prove his point. She personally felt that he had sufficiently supplied his feelings on the matter. Draco rested one of his feet on Hermione's desk, being sure to land the Italian leather directly on the parchment she had been pretending to read. Draco's wish to rile her up was clear, however her knowledge of that did little to quell her scoff over the tarnished memo. It might have been worse, had his shoes not been absolutely pristine. "Corvus or Caelum are both strong names, though if we have a girl neither would work." He leaned back in the