Warning: This story is rated M, because there might be some stronger language, sensitive subjects and racier scenes at one point or another. If you're not comfortable with this, proceed with caution and please do not hold it against me XD Disclaimer: I write this merely for my enjoyment and yours, I do not derive profit from it. Everything recognisable belongs to j k, I am merely borrowing her magical world and characters. Chapter 1 – What's Free-Will Got To Do With It? The mid-afternoon sun is stubbornly trying to seep through the heavy dark curtains covering all three floor-to-ceiling windows in my bedroom. The unbidden thought that this would have been a nice day to play Quidditch pops in my mind, and then I quickly shut it down. That was before . I can hardly recall the last time I played. Probably in my fifth year. That was basically the year I last did most things I used to like to do. After that, came the things I had always thought I would like to do, and from then on it's been pretty much all about the things I have to do. And speaking of things I have to do, there's the impatient knock on the door, followed by the thousandth reminder of what I have to do today. "They're expecting you in less than an hour, how much longer are you going to take?" Mother hisses as she comes into my room, purses her lips in obvious displeasure at my appearance and takes upon herself to fumble with my collar and smooth the robes on my shoulders. Then cups my chin forcefully and, inspecting my face with her lips even more pursed, if possible, accuses "You're pale." "I've always been pale, Mother." I say, resisting the urge to roll my eyes. "Well, you're looking positively sickly." "Then maybe I had better not go." I say, pulling free from her hold and turning back to the full-sized mirror with just a hint of a sneer "I don't even see the point in going, Mother, you've already arranged everything, anyway". "It's a formality." She replies simply "And one you will observe with all the dignity and grace that is expected of you." I Apparate in the middle of a lone dirt road cutting through rolling green hills. To my left, the road disappears down a slope, at the foot of which I can glimpse a church tower and a few little houses. To my right, the road leads down to a small roman stone bridge across a stream, and then up to a Tudor-style manor house atop of another hill. I make my way toward the latter. I'm not even through the open gates of the property, when the sound of a beat reaches my ears. And the closer I get to the house, the clearer the latest Weird Sisters single sounds, blaring from an open window on the third floor. "Guess I'm the only one who's expected to show dignity and grace" I mutter to myself, as I climb the front steps and ring the doorbell. It was the train ride back to school at the start of third year. I had settled into a compartment with Crabbe and Goyle and was eager to have a good laugh with them about all that nonsense of Sirius Black being a ruthless murderer on the loose and after Potter. But I was interrupted by the compartment door sliding open, to show a grinning Pansy Parkinson, who squealed excitedly "I thought it was you!" and pranced into the compartment uninvited, followed by her proclaimed best friends, Daphne Greengrass and Tracey Davies. Well, I didn't mind too much, really. Pansy was always an eager listener, and the other two were basically her version of Crabbe and Goyle, so it only meant a bigger audience for me. I impatiently awaited for the commotion of stowing the luggage and rearranging the seats to end. When we were all perfectly settled, with the girls huddled together with their pets and their magazines and what not on the seats across from us, I started on the hilarious subject. Only to be again disrupted by the compartment door sliding open. This time to reveal a pigmy of a girl with long light brown braids and a pair of garish violet spectacles that appeared way too big for her small face. " What do you want?" I snapped irritably at the inconvenient little firstie. She didn't even blink. Strutting into the compartment like it had her name on the door, she went straight to Daphne, sitting by the window, and, extending a hand, demanded "Money for the sweets trolley." " What?" said Daphne. Like I said, girl version of Crabbe and Goyle. " Money for the sweets trolley." the girl insisted. " What about the ten Knuts Mum gave you at the station?" asked Daphne, and it was at that moment that it made sense that they must be related. I supposed there must have been some similarities, but I didn't care enough to observe past one being blonde and the other brunette. " I'm saving that for something else." the girl replied with a shrug, her hand still extended expectantly. " That's your problem! I'm not giving you mine!" I confess I was a bit surprised to see Daphne display so much assertiveness. Granted, she was speaking to a miniature of a firstie, but in two years of having her for a classmate, I don't think I'd ever heard her speak enough to even recognise her voice. The most I'd ever heard her doing was giggling at whatever Pansy said. " Oh well" the little girl said with a theatrical sigh "Then I guess you should know that that little crystal ball that came with your Teen Witch last month is not too reliable." " The crystal ball showed you she'd give you her money?" Pansy asked scathingly. " Oh no" replied the girl, now turning to face all three of them with a cocky little smirk "It showed me what you lot asked it during your sleep over last week." Then recited "Crystal ball, crystal ball, will the boys notice that our boobies are starting to show?" Daphne, Pansy and Tracey all flushed to the roots of their hairs. I couldn't help sniggering, and of course Crabbe and Goyle followed suit. Pansy took a horrified glance at me and then they all began frenetically fumbling with their robes, as the girl went on "Crystal ball, crystal ball, there's a boy in our…" " Here's eight Sickles!" Pansy screeched, almost at the same time Daphne squeaked "Fine! Fine! Here!" hastily pushing about a dozen silver coins she'd just fished out of her pockets onto the girl's hands, while Tracey almost jumped over Goyle's legs to hand over a few Knuts, whimpering "That's all I have with me, I swear!" " Why, thank you so very much!" the girl cheerfully chirped, pocketing her haul. And with a victorious smile, pranced to the door. Before leaving, however, she turned shrewd, mischievous big blue eyes to me. "Are you Draco Malfoy?" I heard three sharp intakes of breath. " Yeah" I replied lazily. " And which one is Blaise Zabini?" " Not here, now get out!" snapped the girls, and with a devious chuckle, the little girl finally slipped out. " Is it too much to hope for that she gets Sorted in Hufflepuff and Grandmother pulls her out of the school for shame?" Daphne whined. I snorted. If that girl was a Hufflepuff, then I was Harry Potter's best friend. I am ushered by a cross-eyed house-elf down a hall to a drawing room where practically every surface is adorned with either a lacy apron, a jar of flowers, or both. Two women sit as straight as rods on a couple of armchairs, even though one of them looks old enough to have seen the Goblin Rebellions. The woman, I mean, though the armchair also looks about as ancient. "Mr. Malfoy" she greets, affecting dignity and poise "How delightful to have you here today." "Mrs. Greengrass" I greet, taking her hand. "Oh please, Honoria will do. Otherwise there are two of us here." She says with what I'm sure is supposed to be a ladylike titter. "This is my daughter-in-law, Drisella." The younger woman's slender hand is limp as I take it in mine, just like the smile on her sallow face as she all but murmurs a greeting back. "Please, take a seat." Says the matron, indicating an ugly puke green sofa to her left. I wonder if it would be terribly rude to sit on the one opposite instead; I don't much like to have my back to the door. But then standing here hesitating might come off just as rude, so I grit my teeth and sit where I'm told. "My granddaughters will be coming down in a minute." She primly assures me, and no sooner has she said it than a clicking of heels is heard in the hall outside. Moments later, a young woman with big blue eyes and long, dirty blonde hair comes in, greets me coyly, and gracefully sits on the sofa across from me. "Where's your sister?" the oldest woman asks in a deliberately calm voice that does not quite go with the flash of irritation that flits across her eyes. The sheepish expression on Daphne's face and an additional apologetic half-shrug are the only answer she provides before the house-elf appears with tea and biscuits. The matron is just ordering it to go check that her other granddaughter is ready, when something in the direction of the door, behind me, causes her breath to hitch and her lip to curl. I turn around, to see a girl with a sarcastic smirk if I ever saw one standing by the door. In obvious deliberate contrast with everyone else in the room clad in proper fine robes, she's wearing a pair of ripped jeans and a t-shirt. But that's not the most garish feature of her appearance. Nor are the hideous violet spectacles perched on the bridge of her small nose. It is rather her hair, which, last I remember, was long, sleek and a light brown, and is now long, sleek and bright purple. "What happened to your hair?" the older woman hisses, and I'm somewhat relieved to learn that this is not its regular appearance these days. I don't think I could have stood walking around with someone looking like that. "A potion exploded" the girl replies with a mock simper, plopping down heavily on the sofa next to her sister. The matron harrumphs and glares at her for a moment, before catching herself and putting her elegant pose back in place. "Well, you'll remember Mr. Draco Malfoy, a former classmate of Daphne's from Hogwarts…" Dragging her big blue eyes to me with an unimpressed look, the girl says "Finally left the cave, have you? What's the matter, bat life doesn't make little Malfoys?" "Astoria Marie!" her grandmother hisses. "What! Everyone knows that's why we're here!" Her grandmother seems about to erupt. I put on my best arrogant smirk and say nothing, but there's nothing I can do about the slight flush that I feel creep to my ears. The old woman shoots the girl a wilting look that promises repercussions later, and quite forcefully says "Astoria, why don't you go play something for us on the piano?" "Because we're not in the nineteenth century." the girl retorts with a hard look right back, and I know she's not referring simply to playing for the entertainment of the guests. Grandmother and granddaughter hold each other's fierce gaze for a moment. Then the girl gives in with a sarcastic smile. "Fine." And springs up from the sofa. There's a bit of strained silence, in which everybody sips their tea and pretends not to notice the stomping footsteps, the brash scraping of the