Chapter 1 Exhaustion seeped through his very bones, his every nerve ending frayed from his recent childbirth and yet he forced himself to stay vigilant. If for even a moment he closed his eyes, Harry was sure he would never see baby Orion again. He cuddled his youngest son to his chest even closer, taking comfort from the tiny bit of warmth from the newborn. Orion wined. With his eyes still scrunched tight and tiny fists resting passively against Harrys chest, his tiny bow mouth suckled at empty air. Harry chuckled softly and moved up his chest so that those pink lips could latch onto a sensitive nipple. He winced only slightly when Orion began sucking. The daily potions regimen that allowed him to produce natural milk also engorged his nipples and made them extra sensitive, though thankfully they didn't enlarged his pecs to look like actual female breasts. Thank god for small favors. Harry ran a finger down Orion's downy cheeky. The movement dislodged his sons lip. He smiled wide when those eyes popped open and reproachfully glared at him before going back to suckling again, hopefully uninterrupted this time. But Orion did grasp Harrys finger and held it captive, almost Ina preventative measure so that he may suckle and drink in peace. From the small glimpse, Harry saw his youngest had his own green eyes ringed with his fathers red. Even his features reminded Harry of the father. Only one of his children took after Harrys looks, while the rest of his eight children mostly took after Tom. Speaking of, Harry wondered when he was going to see the dark wizard again. It had to be soon. After the little magical outburst that had leveled an entire manor, Harry was sure Tom would come to him again to finish what he started. Through the pregnancy had been relatively uneventful, the last of the birth had proved to be life threatening. Harry had been sure he was about to die. And having faced death numerous times before, he was quite familiar with the feeling. He, who was merely a vessel for Tom's horcrux had been about to take part of Tom's soul to the afterlife with him. It shouldn't have surprised him then when Tom burst into the Malfoy birthing room with the intent to kill Orion and save Harry. Not only had Harry faced medical complications with a premature and breech childbirth, but his dying baby had been siphoning energy out of him until he was on the verge of death. As soon as Voldemort had heard, he'd burst into the room, sending all of Harrys attendants flying through the room as he'd attacked Orion with the int ion of killing off the baby before Harry himself could die. It had only been Harrys Magic in combination to the horcrux inside him that had lashed back and created a protective shield around himself and Orion. Toms attack had bounded off the shield and destroyed that entire section of the manor. Before, Orion had threatened the life of Tom's horcrux. Now though, after Harry was still alive and the horcrux inside was stable again, things should have been okay again. But Orion was a squib. Harry's Magic had tried to reach out and bond to his baby after birth, like he had done with all his children, but he'd been meet with a hard block of suppressed magic. Perhaps, later on Orion might free his trapped magic but he was already a fragile baby after the difficult birth. Harry made a note to send an apology to Draco and force the man to take funds to fix up the section his master had destroyed. He'd been visiting with one of the few friends that dared a relationship with him and that had been approved by Tom himself when he'd started bleeding from between his legs. Draco, now Tom's undersecretary, had been one of the ones in attendance in the birth room and thankfully, he'd been coherent enough after tom came in to throw a protective shield around the rest of Harrys attendants. The mediwizards and midwives had only sustained minor injuries. It would have been a shame to loose them seeing as how they were the worlds premiere mediwizards, not to mention the very personal attendants to the Riddle family. Many of them had been with Harry since his first child and the newer ones had been trained personally by Severus Snape. "You should be resting, you are exhausted." Harry started and jerked up. The sudden movement pulled at his fresh stitches and he cried out. But his pain took a back seat when Orion began crying, his fisted hands and feet waiving in agitation. Shushing Orion, Harry took up his baby and rocked him in his arms. "No, no Orion, everything's okay. I've got you, going to kiss all your tears away." Harry cooed at his sons tear stained face. Red and blotch, face scrunched up with ugly wrinkles Harry had never seen a sweeter sight because it was his baby. He showered kisses on Orion's face until he had the baby docile again and reaching for his nipples. Notching Orion in the crook of his arm, he fed his nipple to Orion again before facing Tom. Harry hadn't noticed that Tom walked closer, the man going for his wand as soon as he'd heard Harry cry out in pain. But he'd stopped when Harry had grabbed up Orion and watched his slave turned unofficial consort interacting with his youngest son. "I'm, I'm okay. Your horcrux is stabilized. And Orion needs to feed so …," Harry murmured, keeping his eyes on his son. Tom growled in annoyance. "You've been awake for three days straight. Your body needs to sleep." "A few more hours won't hurt. Lack of sleep won't kill me." "Harry-" "Tom, please, Orion, Orion needs me right now. He's weak from the-" Harry stopped and took a deep breath. He wasn't ready to talk about the few terrible seconds when he'd seen the killing curse coming for his son, how his own heartbeat had stopped. The sense of de ja vu, his own mother standing before him to take the killing curse from tom and now he himself had faced down the curse to save his own son. How tragically ironic. Taking a deep, shuddering breath, Harry blinked back tears and repeated, "I need to feed Orion." Tom's eyes flashed red from underneath his glamour. "I'll give you ten more minutes before I have Snape come in here and force a dreamless drought down your throat. Am I understood?" His eyes didn't miss the way Harry clutched Orion closer to him and nodded. All the anger deflated out of the tall man as he walked closer to bed until he stood looming over his son and slave. He reached out a hand towards Orion, ignoring Harry's flinch. "I'm not going to kill it, Harry. You're safe now so I have no reason to," he said unabashedly. Tom traced the same path Harry's finger had not a few minutes ago down Orion's cheek. The warm cheek moved up and down rhythmically as Orion swallowed down Harry's sweet milk. His cheeks bulged out from the liquid. Harry stiffened at his words. "Orion is a squib," he stated quietly. Tom could best be described as a distant parent, Harry having overtaken more of his children's upbringing up until they graduated from Hogwarts. Tom mainly kept reports on his offsprings and only took interest in them academically and after they graduated Hogwarts to groom them into the ministry. But he was very proud of his children's outstanding magical abilities that far surpassed all other students and even most wizards. So to have a squib come from the most feared dark lord of all time, even more than Morgana le Fey, was an affront Harry was sure the dark lord would not suffer. Not even mention the political impact of The United Kingdoms Prime Minister having a squib child. Harry could already see the vicious headlines in the Daily Prophet. Tom nodded emphatically. "Yes he is." He removed his hands and saw Harry visibly relax. Harry so desperately want to ask what tom intended to do about Orion but he feared he was too weak to stave off another attack. He was back in Riddle manor under heavy Death Eater surveillance. He didn't have a home field advantage and he didn't have any allies. And perhaps talking about it would urge Tom into action. So he diverted to something else he'd been worried about. "How are the other kids doing? The twins haven't been giving Daphne a hard time have they? And did she get Cerise to eat eat? And, and did Theo write to the kids at Hogwarts about Orion? And when will Hadrian and Salazar come visit? Can they come or are they too busy at the ministry?" Harry knew he was rambling but he couldn't help it. Between worrying for Orion's life and staving off Tom's attacks, he'd completely forgotten all about his other children. He felt so guilty. The twins and Cerise were very young and they'd been in Malfoy mansion when Harry had collapsed in front of them. He'd made them worry and he'd heard from Draco when he woke up later in the middle of contractions that Cerise had gone on a hunger strike. He felt like a terrible parent. "Harry." The green eyed wizard finally looked up to Tom with teary eyes. One fat drop spilled from his lower lash line. Tom cupped Harry's face with both hands and thumbed away the tear, even as more flowed over his fingers. "The twins are entertaining Cerise. They've destroyed the kitchen but managed to get Cerise to eat." Harry let out a watery chuckle. By Toms words, he knew that the kitchen would be unsalvageable. "I took James, Lily, and Alfred out their classes and they're here in the manor waiting to see you. Salazar is stepping in for me but he can always floo here. Hadrian has taken up a permanent residence outside your rooms. I had to knock him out to get back in here." "Tom, you promised to stop spelling our children." Harry said in amused exasperation despite himself. He leaned into Tom, rubbing his cheek against the cold hands like a kitten. He'd hate himself for it later but he was already half asleep, his speech slurred. He blinked to stay awake but he was already slipping. That's when he realized that Tom was using wand less magic to put him under. Tom snorted. "Hadrian was being unbearable. And I had to see you." Harry began to struggle halfhearted against Tom. "Please, Tom, no, you promised me ten minutes. Orion…..Orion…." Darkness edged his vision and until he slumped back into the mattress. "I promise he'll be in your arms when you wake up." It was the last thing Harry heard before everything became silent. Of course Tom knew what was worrying Harry without him having to tell the older wizard. When he woke up next, he felt incredibly energized and without any of the fogginess that usually came from the deep sleep he'd had. And as promised, Orion was laying peaceful – and unharmed- by his side. Harry ran a hand over his sons body from head to toe. With intense concentration, he ran a wand less diagnosis spell Snape had taught him and saw that Orion had been fed just two hours ago. "Mother, you are awake," Hadrian, his second eldest son said from the doorway. Harry looked up and his heart broke when he saw the deep, purple craters underneath his sons red eyes. His handsome face looked haggard, his cheeks shrunken in and his robes hanging just a little loose over his brawny frame. "Oh, Hadrian, come here, my boy. You haven't been eating have you?" Dobby?" The household elf popped up at Harrys command. The frenetic elf immediately