Hello, and welcome. I absolutely have to admit that though I think it was one of the greatest pieces of literature ever created, I am not as knowledgeable about Tolkien's world as I would like to be. Therefore, if the facts aren't a hundred percent, I sincerely apologize and claim creative license. I mean, it is the wonderful and unlimited world of fanfiction...Nonetheless, enjoy and please review. And of course, I don't take ownership of any of Tolkien's characters or storylines, except for my own creations. A dark haired she-elf muttered an Dwarven curse under her breath and hiked up the hem of her sage colored gown to stop it from making anymore attempts to trip her. She ignored the disapproving eyes a flaxen-haired Lorien maiden and bounded up the steps that spiraled around the colossal mallorn trunk in a haste that had never been seen before in the sanctuary of the Golden Woods. A silky, flowing wave of hair fluttered behind her like flag in a breeze as her slipper-clad feet silently pattered up the ancient stair. With merely a glance, one could quickly determine that she was not of Lorien breeding. Her auburn hair that burned bright red in the sun, but faded into the shadows of the forest was not at all a common sight among the inhabitants. She was also of a much shorter stature and her skin glowed with a warmth and rosiness that set her apart from her moon insipid peers. The she-elf was a rare and easily noticed being in the muted hues of Lothlorien, a rare emerald in among a delicate string of pearls and diamonds. She only slowed her pace when a she came upon two elves descending in her path. Like many of those who inhabited Caras Galadon, the two elves floated down the staircase with mystical grace, a skill she herself had, but only employed it when imperative. She bowed her head demurely in acknowledgement, and to shield her blood-brightened cheeks as they passed. The elves returned the gesture without a word and as their platinum heads disappeared, the she-elf immediately bound up three steps in a single leap and dashed up the stairs as fast as her attire would allow. Why wasn't word sent? She kept asking in her head, hoping she was being heard. Why didn't you tell me? She arrived upon a small flet on the lowest level of the Lady Galadriel's treetop domain and stopped before two statuesque guards. Though they wore no armor and their weapon were only short dirks and bows, they're presence was foreboding. However, she was known to every warden and Elven soldier in their realm and passed on through with nothing more than a glance. She continued her trek across a small bridge between the great boughs. Her green eyes caught a glance of the glowing structure high above her head that held the reason of her haste and distress. Her jaunt seemed endless and with every step, her heart both soared and sank at the thought she was so close, yet fear's shadow grew inside her. Though she did not possess the gift and burden of foresight, she could feel it in her heart that something was amiss. But then again, the last few years had been full of uncertainty and unforeseeable dangers, exemplified by the arrival of an unordinary traveling party with an extraordinary mission a few months before in the Golden Wood. The she-elf took one last leap up and her swift and nibble feet landed onto the silver and sacred flet of The White Lady. Her skirts dropped back to the leaf strewn platform, covering her slender calves. Her eyes had yet to take in the sights around her when a voice grabbed her attention. "Niviryn." The she-elf's errant eyes targeted the source of the lips that spoke her name like an arrow flying into an enemy's heart, but the face they belonged to was not her intended quarry. Though the elf bore a striking resemblance, it was not whom she had hoped to see. "Rύmil" she spoke with a hitch of disappointment, but she still ran to him and wrapped her arms around his weary shoulders like a mother would comfort a child. He tenderly returned the embrace, though not without a thwarting grimace from being so doted on. As Niviryn drew back, she took stock of the mud splattered grey cloak, his scuffed and scratched armlets, and his mussed silver locks. She could smell the unseen stains of Orc and goblin blood and horse sweat. The worry that had been mingling within her heart soared to the surface and spilled out her eyes that left the gaze of the elf before her. She searched the glowing platform again, but saw nothing that would have satisfied her fears. "He's with the Lord and Lady." Rύmil answered her unspoken question. "And none too worse for the wear, dear sister." A sigh of much needed relief escaped her chest and her hand fell over both her beating heart and a silver pendant on a chain that never left her body. The delicate jewelry was in its physicality as light as a petal from a lauram flower, but the last many weeks the memory and the promise it held weighed like the chains used to bind trolls in Moria. Her emerald eyes turned up the guarded steps of Galadriel's keep. Naught but a few were ever as privileged to be in such close confidence. However, she knew all privileges came with obligations that must be fulfilled. She looked upon the gilded arches for a moment more until she turned back to the war-worn Silvian elf. "What news from the North?" she asked with a determined gleam in her eye. Rύmil had learned long ago that withholding any truths, no matter how displeasing to her ears, was far worse than telling a complete fabrication. He'd also learned it to be better to save such a precarious situation for those whom were more deserving. However, he knew his brother well. "I fear the news will not settle your heart's discourse." He spoke softly with his eastern dialect. "Our enemies have been relentless on our borders. We have held back their invasion, but not without great peril. I fear an end has not yet to be seen and that darker days are to come." Only a small intake of breath failed her resolve. "Why then have you been summoned here when you and your leadership is surely needed on the borders?" she questioned. "That," Rύmil paused, looking over her shoulder and to the figure descending the steps. "…is a question best answered by another." Niviryn's heart leapt and turned her head to follow Rύmil's gaze. However, the sight she'd longed to see for ages and sooth her heartache only increased it. "Haldir…" she whispered. About 500 years earlier… An elf maiden dangled her bare feet from the bows of a great oak. She reveled in the cool forest air between her toes and the uninterrupted melodies of the local song birds. Though elves, especially of her lineage, were known for their great courage and valor, this she-elf was hiding. She did not fear danger in the least. Though petite and fair, she had legs and a quick hand, especially when holding a sword. Her father, Oledon, was Master of the Forges of Imladris. He was known to all across Middle Earth for his craftsmanship and skill. All Elven steel, if not made by his hand, was fashioned after his designs. It had been that way for thousands of years. However, the perils she hid from were not those posed by Orcs, unsavory men, or goblins. She would actually welcome a trouble such as those that could be easily solved with a blade. But alas, domestics were a greater doom for her than anything the great elf lords had ever faced in tales of days passed. Niviryn sighed and leaned back against the mighty trunk. She knew she couldn't hide from her aunt forever and delaying would only lead to more suffering. Despite her trepidations of making beds and serving wine to banquet attendees, Niviryn was quite excited for the forthcoming guests of Rivendell. Galadriel and Celeborn were to arrive within the next day or two. Such an event had not occurred since the birth of the Lady Arwen. Niviryn had been just a small elfling and she'd only been able to catch a glimpse of the beautiful Lady of the Light. To this day, Niviryn regretted not getting the Lady's attention, not being able to look into her eyes. The maiden looked longingly out onto the lush forests and glistening waterfalls that surrounded Rivendell. She took one last whiff of clean, crisp air and gathered the hindering skirts of her cream colored work gown. Lyrianin, her aunt and head Chambermaid of the House of Elrond, was probably fit to be tied for her niece's tardiness. There was much to do in preparation. The Lady brought with her a great company of court members and guards, all which needed places to eat, rest, and be entertained. Lyrianin, her father's sister, had served the family of Elrond ever since they settled in the valley. Her husband perished in the Siege of Baradur and now lay somewhere in the haunted waters of the Dead Marshes. They only birthed sons and they had inherited their father's love for horses and had taken to the stables. Being daughterless, their mother had taken Niviryn, not willingly, under her wing and had hoped to employ the she-elf with a useful and appropriate trade, rather than assisting her father in the dirty, hot forges. However, Niviryn knew she'd be gone from this world before she submitted to the life of a chambermaid. Niviryn longed to see the world and all its peoples, both good and treacherous. Though she had the skill, it had never been truly tested. Sparing with her brothers and every willing elf in Rivendell was not like real combat. She longed to prove herself, to prove she was not weak anymore, prove that she could have saved them… The she-elf easily dropped several feet out of the tree and landed with the gentleness of a floating leaf. Her bare feet sunk into the cool mat of leaves, soil and flora. She sat down onto a large root that made for a handy seat before it burrowed deep into the ground and slipped on her thin, suede work slippers. She sighed once more and made haste to return to her duties. She had much to do before the evening. She hoped that the young Lady Arwen wasn't too busy herself with preparations for her sparring lesson. The Lady was much like Niviryn, much to both their fathers' dismay. Arwen had a strong mind and a stronger heart, like her mother. Even though Elrond wasn't fond of his only daughter wielding a weapon, knew it be a skill that would come to use and allowed the lessons to take place. Niviryn quite enjoyed teaching Galadriel's granddaughter and looked forward to every lesson. Arwen was like a younger sister, but still showing her tutor the upmost respect. Niviryn pushed Arwen while others coddled her, but Arwen pushed right back and was becoming quite accomplished. However, normal day-to-day routine hadn't been given much of any though with the forthcoming guests. Niviryn glances once more around the lush forest and begrudgingly stepped forth back to Rivendell. "Niviryn Drumindil!" a brown-haired she-elf wearing a simple, but well-made, light blue frock called out from behind a stack of folded bedding. "Do not assume for a moment you can slip by my keen ears with those strident feet of yours!" Niviryn cringed and stopped mid-step behind a small statue. She'd hoped to slip by and merely join in on the happenings so when her aunt finally discovered her she couldn't accuse her of idleness. Thwarted those plans were indeed. "Curse these open walls…" Niviryn