"Folks, we have begun our descent to forks Washington , where the current weather is 60 degrees, and we will be in the gate in about twenty minutes, We'd like the flight attendants to prepare the cabin for arrival. and we want to thank you for flying with us today.." As I unbuckled my seat belt and looked out the window to my right I saw it was a cloudy day, as usual in forks. I looked to my left and saw my fellow passenger in the seat next to mine, a tubby man with black hair had his head tilted back snoring away. I would have woken him saying "hey the flights landed, its time to wake up" but I decided not to, let him sleep. Any normal 16 year old walks out of the tunnel expecting to find a family or friend waiting for them, but I didn't. I'm by myself on this one, finally away from those orphanages and crazy family's. I've been to about at least 10 different homes and 4 different orphanages and the rest of the time, on my own on the streets. I was an exceptionally very smart student in class at my old high school in Kentucky so thanks to my old orphanage, orange day they sent me here for the rest of high school to get good grades and go to a college here in forks for their great medical courses. I didn't exactly know where to go next. So I just grabbed the rest of my luggage off the belt and exited the airport. Mary, my orphanage leader said I'd be staying at a tiny hotel called the pine hill lodge where she knew the owner, a close friend of hers. They'd let me stay with them until I could be on my own. So I hailed a taxi hoping they'd know where it was.(luckily they did) I didn't know I was there until I heard a knocking on the black tinted window next to me. I didn't realize I zoned out, I've been doing that a lot lately. Out the window there stood an older gentle man with jet black hair and grey streaks in it, he probably dyes it. I opened the door to be welcomed by him "hi I'm Thomas you must be amber?" I nodded with a dull face "well I'm the owner of the of this fine place" he motioned to the small lodge looking building behind him, Mary was right, it is tiny. "I'll help get the bags to your room, and -" he was cut short from hearing the doors to the hotel open up, a perky teenager stepped out and walked towards us with a huge grin on her face. She was pretty, a tall skinny girl with a pretty face and long blonde hair too her back, in a cute pink summer dress. "Amber this is my daughter Tiffany, Tiffany this is Amber she'll be staying with us for awhile. Remember I told you about her?" Tiffany stuck out her hand and I shook it, "I cant wait for us to become friends! I'll take you to your room, let you get settled and then ill take you on a tour! How does that sound?" Tiffany asked me as she hooked our arms together and walked me to the building with a smile on her face. I wasn't used to a person being so… happy, but I did like the idea of a friend so I grinned back to her and said "sounds like a plan" she squealed and fast paced us to the building. I entered the room, it was small and quaint with a bed, a bathroom, a closet, a dresser and desk with a computer. The furniture was old fashioned, I didn't mind, I liked that kind of stuff. Thomas came in a few seconds after and dropped off my stuff and soon left with some business to take care of. I set down my stuff in the corner and walked over to the bed and laid down, it was soft and comfortable and soon enough I crawled into the beige sheets and stared up at the ceiling. I laid there thinking about the things that happened before this day. I thought back to all the family's I had and the kids I met. Not all the family's were bad, some were actually really nice while others… Really shouldn't be taking care of children. Like one time when I was 6 there was this Hispanic family I stayed with, with 4 kids and they gave us cupcakes for dessert every night because their mother was a baker. And another time I had a family take me to a water park for the first time, man those places are fun. But some houses abused their kids and were very strict, I wish I could erase those memories every day. Just the of the sound of the belt clicking together fiercely could send me into a wave of tears as a child. But I'm over that and I try to think about the good people I met, like this one girl named Rebecca who was my first real friend in the orphanage she's the reason why I trust people so easily. Or Steve a boy at orange day who brought me out of my shell and now, I'm actually a very talkative person… if I trust you. But one man stood out in particular. When I was about 8 he took me into his care for awhile, he saw me wandering the streets like any normal 8 year old. At the time I didn't know if I should trust him, but his voice was just so… soothing. And yes he took me to his very nice and expensive house and told the police I was with him along with the local orphanage saying that I was under his care and blah, blah, blah. He was the absolute by far the most handsome man I've ever seen with his nice and neat blonde hair, he was actually very, no scratch that, extremely pail. He wore nice clothing and was the kindest person I've ever met. He taught me everything I know today, he was actually a doctor so I guess that's where I got it from and he actually taught me how to play piano and other instruments. He taught me other things like life lessons and let me read a lot of his books which seemed to have made me smarter. He made me who I am today. If only I could remember his name… car - car… miles? Ah forget it, you'll never figure it out Amber we've been through this before. I was so caught up in my thoughts I totally forgot Tiffany was coming for me soon.( See I told you I zone out a lot. ) I quickly got out of bed and ran to the bathroom. I wanted to at least look presentable so I pulled my hair back into a pony tail and washed my face, then dried it, did my makeup again and let my hair down. I looked at myself in the mirror studying myself, I wasn't that bad looking I had chestnut brown hair, it was already curly so I didn't bother with it(I always curled it). I had bright, baby blue eyes, and I didn't have that bad of a face. I could be pretty, and I was pretty skinny, not too skinny but not fat, I was average height of a 16 year old, I also had some freckles and I was kind of pale myself. I wore my outfit that I had on the plane ride, some skinny jeans and a black sweater with a white shirt under it. My black boots were still by the door where I left them when I entered the room, I went over to them and then snuggled them on. And soon enough someone was knocking at my door. Tiffany first showed me the lobby which I'd already seen when I entered the hotel but it wasn't anything extravagant. Then she showed me how each floor had a different theme, the parking lot, the pool and hot tub, the restaurant inside, the bar and many, many more things. It wasn't big but it was the perfect place. "so? can you not wait to start school tomorrow?" she asked me with her wide hazel eyes and giant smile as always, as we walked to the lunch room(for employees). Man I totally forgot all about school… dang it! School just had to come ruin this nice time, well I guess it is what I came for right? But was I really ready to meet new kids? How do I explain myself to them? Will I fit in? well at least I'll have tiffany right? "I hate to admit it but… I'm actually pretty nervous" and I meant it. Tiffany opened the door and we sat down at the nearest table, There were about 4 more round tables around us but we chose the one closest to a window. "aw, amber there's nothing to be worried about, Forks High School is an awesome school! the kids are so nice and the boys there aren't half that bad looking if you know what I mean. And anyways you have me and I'll introduce you to all my friends." she comforted me reaching across the table and patting my hand while directing a wink at me, still holding a smile. Her words seemed true told by her, so I believed her and loosened up a bit. I sent her back a half smile of my own and she took her hand off mine. Tiffany got us both waters from the fridge and she went on to tell me about her life like how she's lived here her entire life and how as a child she did beauty pageants and had about 7 trophies. She continued with her parents divorce and the sports she plays and some other things I really didn't bother listening to. I just nodded my head from time to time going "ya" or "mhm". "okay enough about me, what do you like?" Tiffany asked me, I was caught off guard not that it seemed she would talk about herself forever just that I wasn't paying attention. I didn't answer her at first, there was a few minutes of me looking at her blankly. "I heard your into that medical kind of stuff right?" she asked breaking the awkward silence. I shook my head and snapped out of it. "uh ya it's what I want to go to college for, it's the whole reason I'm here." I didn't know what else to say. "well I think the hospital has some volunteer work for teenagers to put on their college application" Tiffany offered trying to help out "actually… that sounds great maybe I'll do that." I heard myself say and I meant it. "oh and I can give you rides to there! Oh and we can go to school together I'll drive you every day!" tiffany started planning excitedly. I couldn't believe how this girl could go on a limb to drive me here and there and she seemed to be telling the truth. I really didn't want to bother her with stuff like this, I could really just get a rental car for myself, I had a drivers license so maybe we could actually drive each other to school. I wanted to pay her back if she did this for me, so I was planning myself. I really wanted to be friends with this girl but we weren't best buds yet. "hey lets take it easy, you don't have to do that for me. I have a drivers license so I was planning on getting a rental car. Maybe since I don't have one now you can drive me to school and when I do