Disclaimer: This is fanfiction based on Stephanie Meyer's Twilight, lemon added. Cared Cullen was my beta and my banner maker, and she's just generally lovely. This story won awards on the Mine to Mark contest! To read the other entries, which I recommend you do, put Mine To Mark Contest in the search box up there, but not before reading and reviewing here! ~~ Kimberley Diamond ~~ Kimberley, a booming diamond mining town in the Northern Cape, South Africa, 1872 Isabella Hans offers me his hands, and swings me down to the hard packed sand. I smile my thanks as usual, and he nods at me in return, having long established that we have no spoken language to share. He reaches into the covered wagon for what's left of my belongings while I take in my surroundings. People of all hues appear to have little to do here this morning. Ragged little boys with skin the colour of strong coffee stare at me openly as they shuffle and scuffle on the wide-open street. White men with no coats doff their hats at me, sun-crinkled eyes displaying curiosity and appreciation, if I say so myself. There are few women about, but I do see a pair shake off their skirts before they enter what looks like a general store up aways from where we landed. We are tethered to a post at the edge of what seems to be a trading district. My eyes are not yet accustomed to the strong sunlight, but if I look to the other side of the wagon, behind the drinking cattle, I can see the road leading out of town into scrub brush and rocky farmland. I suppose that is the way we came in, though I was not allowed to look out as we travelled. Hans has been protective of me, a woman travelling alone in a horribly foreign land, and I appreciate that. It was nice to have someone to look out for me, even though we did not understand one another. I had no such protection on board ship, save the kind I sought out - and dearly paid for - myself. It will be hard to part with his fatherly presence, I have no doubt. Well, chin up girl, because it looks likely that your time has come. A gentleman approaches us as Hans drops the carpet bag at my feet. He looks mightily disappointed, as well a man might who expected to greet not one lonely wisp of a girl from England, but five buxom wenches, ready and prepared to take on babies and farm work. The gentleman, who has very kind blue eyes I may say, talks to Hans in that strange language briefly, then takes his hat off to me. I swallow. My first impression is that he is a little older than Mr Felix led me to believe. Not that I actually credit a word that fairy tale spinner ever said - not any more. "Good day to you, Miss. Welcome to Kimberley. My name is Carlisle Cullen. I am very pleased to meet you." Mr Cullen sounds like an English gentleman, which is quite surprising, given our African surroundings. "Good day, Sir. I'm pleased to have arrived." I drop a little curtsey, only because it is so inbred that my body does it for me before I have properly considered the matter. He takes my hand and presses the back of it to his dry lips. Good gracious, between his forward manners and his piercing way of studying a girl, I don't quite know where to put myself. "You must have much to tell me my dear, so I suggest we set off immediately. I suspect you are very travel weary?" It's not as though I have a choice in the matter, but Mr Cullen seems awfully sweet, so I smile and reach for my scruffy belongings. Being a gentleman, my sponsor - for I suppose that is what he is until we reach an understanding - takes the bag into his own large hand as though it weighs nothing at all. "Where is the rest of your luggage, Dear?" he asks, and I smile wryly. "That is one of the things I have to tell you, Mr Cullen. I wish I knew." ~~ Kimberley Diamond ~~ I am not a big talker. Any of my acquaintances back in England will tell you how I keep my own counsel, and they would be most surprised at the running barrage I subject my sponsor to on the hour long cart ride to his farm house. I tell him about the disparate group of women who answered his advertisement for frontier wives back in the English spring. How Mr Felix selected the successful applicants based on their looks alone, and he assures me kindly this admission does not make me vain. I tell him about how the five of us, Lauren Mallory, Jessica Stanley, Angela Webber, Beth Morecomb and myself, made friends and prepared ourselves for the journey to Africa together. How Mr Felix encouraged us, and helped us, and how deeply we came to trust the man with our very lives. I tell him how nervous and excited we all were as we boarded ship, and how well Mr Felix ensured we were settled into our little cabin. I describe our anxiety when he left to oversee the stowing of our treasured belongings below decks, and did not return. I explain our speculation as to whether he jumped ship with our possessions or whether he was jumped upon himself, never able to return. And how shocked we were when the ship left port, leaving us on board with nothing but the few clothes we'd brought in as cabin baggage. Mr Cullen looks sorrowful when I tell him that was only the beginning of our troubles. We were robbed twice, leaving us with so little money for food we were forced to beg for work and kindness. The officer we reported our loss to played us for the innocent fools we were, and Beth and Angela were the first of us to find ourselves horribly compromised. Mr Cullen looks stricken at this, but I do not stop there. I tell him how quick the other passengers were to shun us all, given our reputation due to the rumours surrounding Miss Morecomb and Miss Webber. Then I tell him how fast they were to change their minds when the dysentery struck, and willing nurses were required. Mr Cullen looks positively sick when I tell of little Jessica Stanley succumbing to the illness so very quickly, and how callous the sailors were when they tossed her remains overboard. How Angela gave up hope after that, and all the light left her soul. She was the next to follow Miss Stanley, and the three of us remaining made a pact to fight together to survive, no matter what. Only, we did not reckon with the devil that Officer Newton turned out to be, so Beth and I were horrified when Lauren was arrested for stealing. When we went to beg for her release from the hold, we were convinced of her innocence; but when the Officer showed us the evidence he himself had found on her person, we were confused, and did not know what to think. When she had not returned after two days, we decided to take our complaint higher. We only wanted to talk to her, find out what happened, but we were refused. I expect Mr Cullen to be shocked and dismayed when I tell of my protest on the upper deck, which brought me to the Captain's attention. However, he smiles at me with what appears to my eyes to be a hint of pride. I falter in my story a little, as I realise that this man holds my future happiness in his hands. But I have come so far now, and I honestly do not think there is a situation I cannot survive, so I continue bravely on. I tell him of my fury at discovering how Lauren Mallory died. How she begged for release, but was beaten instead, and left to die with untreated wounds in unsanitary conditions. I explain how I forced the Captain to hold an enquiry into Officer Newton, who found himself in chains in the hold in Lauren's place. Finally, I tell Mr Cullen how Beth and I were befriended by Captain Black and Officer Masen, which is a nice way of putting it. I explain that Beth opted to remain in port with her Officer. She believed she owed her sponsor in Kimberley nothing at all, based on the misery she had been forced to endure on her journey across the ocean. I do not tell Mr Cullen the nature of my friendship with the Captain, because I was a foolish girl once, but I will never be that way again. By the time I have completed my tale of woe, I have stunned my new travelling companion into contemplative silence. We roll through an incongruous pair of gate posts in the middle of what looks to me like nowhere. There is no fence; no gate; no hedge; no avenue of trees - nothing else to mark the beginning of the homestead I suppose I will be calling my home from now on. Eventually I spy a low dwelling in the distance, and nerves twist my insides into the snakes I have been warned populate the trees and grass and rocks of this forsaken land. We draw up in front of a pleasant and sprawling house, with a wide verandah running the length of the property. Four men in varying stances of anticipation adorn said verandah. Mr Cullen turns to me and clears his throat, but I only see him from the corner of my eye, as I am mesmerised by the sight. "I apologise Miss Swan, I ought to have taken the time to prepare you to meet my family. I think I was in shock. Stay there a minute, and I will introduce you." He jumps down from the open cart and makes his way over to the men, talking to them in a low voice. The sun is fierce, and any uncovered skin on my body feels as though it has burnt to a crisp already. Perspiration tickles the back of my neck, and I am loath to lift my arms and risk exposing the damp patches underneath them. I focus on these uncomfortable sensations to distract me from the attention I am being paid. Two of the men resemble Mr Cullen, if not in colouring and height, at least in bone structure and a certain manner of carrying themselves. Of the two remaining men, one is tall and handsome in a rugged way, although his expression is a little mean and calculating. The other man is shorter, but much wider across the chest. In fact, he looks a good deal like the bear at the London zoological gardens. He has dimples in his cheeks, and he regards me with open curiosity as Mr Cullen continues to speak softly to them all. The fellow I cannot take my eyes off is the tallest of the bunch. He hangs back in the shadows somewhat, and his hair and features would be nondescript if it were not for the sharpness of his jaw and the focus of his large, perfectly symmetrical eyes. He nods at me slightly, as though to say 'how do you do' in the most familiar fashion. I have no idea what gets into me, but my eyes are locked upon this man as though the remaining four are of entirely no consequence to me. When one corner of his mouth turns up in a tiny, impertinent grin, I cannot quell the thrill that runs along my spine. Finally, Mr Cullen stops his whispering, and turns around to help me down. I am a