This is fanfiction. This story is pre-written and updates will be once a week. Only the preface is in Alice's POV. IMPORTANT: The bond between Bella and Edward can be seen, by some, as the most compatible match , but not necessarily a soulmate . What soulmate means I won't go into, but suffice to say that Edward and Bella ARE soulmates , which means that it's an unavoidable love. No matter what happen, they will be inexplicably attracted to each other and forgetting that person is will be impossible. It's up to them to make it work the best way possible, which usually is easy, as vampires normally wants to please their mate. It's not like human who, in 50 years, have grown tired of their partner... Preface - Alice's POV I don't remember my human life. In fact, my very first memory was of myself burning as I turned into a vampire. Of course, at the time I had no idea what the burning had meant or what I was becoming. When I awoke, I was alone and scared. My senses were heightened and visions of the future swam before my eyes. I saw myself hunting and draining humans, and though I found the visions terrifying, my thirst drove me. For a while, I knew of no other way of life, and my old, human self with human morals struggled against my new vampire self. I was lucky, though. Not much later I started having visions of vampires with golden eyes. I saw visions of a different way of life, and I found myself hopeful and less alone. The visions gave me hope, and they helped me prepare for the new life I would be leading. I wasn't certain of the hold up, but I trusted my visions and I focused on eating animals exclusively. Not much later, another vision presented itself to me. I would be meeting someone precious; I would be meeting Jasper, my mate. When you know the future, it is hard not to put yourself out there emotionally. I often feel like rushing things, because I'm already way ahead emotionally. I know that people need to adjust to situations; they are not like me; they do not see and feel the future, and so they don't skip ahead. Skipping ahead means I make some people extremely uncomfortable, like when I met Jasper. I was already deeply in love with him, but he had no idea who I was. Luckily, he was easy to persuade, and together we prepared to join Carlisle's coven of peaceful and humane vampires. I overstepped many boundaries when I met the Cullen family. I already loved Carlisle and Esme as my own parents, and Edward, Rosalie and Emmett as my siblings. I knew Jasper and I would fit perfectly into the family, but they didn't know it, and it was somewhat strange for them at first. It's difficult for me to stay put and let things play out naturally , but my family has luckily accepted me as I am. My visions were mainly used to ensure our peace and quiet, and also to ensure our expensive life-style. For a long time, life was simple and peaceful. Then visions of a human girl started coming to me. They were rare and far apart, and they were always muddled, as if I had trouble seeing her. At first, I wasn't certain why I saw her, but later I saw her and I have fun together. A human, no less. The visions were always confusing and unfocused, and I kept them to myself. Not even Jasper, the most beloved being in my world, knew of them, but that was due to Edward's gift. I knew if Edward found out he would get angry; he saw us as a damned species. If Edward knew everyone would know. Besides, I had no idea what it meant , so getting worked up over the visions was far too early. As time passed I'd only see her once in a while, and the visions were always her and I doing little inconsequential things. I tried to look further into my future, but it didn't help or get better. With surprised clarity, I looked into Jasper's future and I saw her! I actually saw her in his future as well! Of course, it made sense, as Jasper and I were linked, but the incoherent visions gave me the impression that they were friends , too. That's when I looked into to the other's futures and saw what she was: she was Edward's mate. I kept the visions even more tightly hidden, especially from Edward. I didn't need to be a psychic to know what would happen when he found out, and he didn't understand like I did. There was a piece of the puzzle missing, and forever is such a long time. We all needed her. Through my visions I had come to adore her, to love her. Edward wouldn't understand; he would fight it. He, like Rosalie, had never accepted his fate, and he was utterly certain that we were spawn of evil; soulless monsters, destined for eternal hell. The visions started to become more frequent, possibly because she had finally been born. They were still vague, as if I had trouble seeing her, so I scanned for my family's futures instead to see her impact. It was obvious that she and I would be best friends, and it was obvious that one day she would join our family - forever. I only hoped Edward, or anyone else, wouldn't make the journey too difficult. It's ironic how the most important thing I needed to see was so obscured! As we moved to Forks, I knew that it would be soon! I wanted to tell everyone so much, but this was a future I didn't dare gamble with. The visions had always been vague, and still were, even when I looked at our own futures with her, so it made it enormously difficult to ensure that everything went well. I knew everything depended on Edward falling in love with her; once they were in love nothing would be able to separate them. Two years after our own arrival in Fork, she finally came to Forks too, and I finally had a name: Isabella Swan, chief Swan's daughter. She was the talk of the town, naturally, just as we had been when we first arrived only a few years prior. I saw her for the first time with my own eyes at lunch. She was lovely! Just absolutely perfect for Edward. They shared biology, and I knew that there was only one partner available for her to join: Edward. It was so perfect. Everything was falling perfectly into place. We left for class, my anticipation hidden behind visions of Jasper's future. It always made Edward uncomfortable to watch me scan Jasper's future, because we all knew he struggled. I felt bad for the deception, but knew it wouldn't be necessary much longer. And then… it all went to Hell. With just one sentence, all the futures I had ever had of Bella and our family disappeared. She had smelled so tantalizing to Edward, and he had begged for another seat. When the teacher asked why Edward panicked. "She reeks!" Edward hissed in reply. In an attempt to hide my knowledge of the future I didn't see what would happen. I was too late to stop Edward, and visions swam instantly before my eyes with new futures - all of them without Bella! I was in shock; I heard the intakes of breaths from the students in biology, and then the sniggering started. Edward switched seats, and Bella stayed by herself, humiliated. Chapter 1 - humiliation She reeks He had actually said that. I felt the humiliation burn through me; as I blushed the sniggering became more evident. When the bell rang, Edward was out of his seat as the very first one, not even looking back. The rest of the class looked at me,with obvious humor in their eyes, before they left. The guy who had been so kind to show me around this morning didn't offer again, nor did anyone else. I considered switching class, but, to my horrified embarrassment, I found that Edward had had the same idea. Once more, he glared at me as if I was the most disgusting thing in the world. There were no other classes available, so I hurried off, still utterly humiliated. On my way home, I picked up groceries. I tried to distract myself, but it was strange; Edward's words had hurt more than I could've imagined. He was nothing to me, and yet he was all I could think about. His cruel expression and words were running on repeat in my mind. I had tried not to be upset at his words, but eventually I ended up sniffling. Come on, Bella, get a grip. You didn't have friends before, and you don't need anyone now , I told myself. A part of me had hoped that I would finally fit in somewhere. My last school had been so big that I drowned in the masses, and this school was so small that I stood out like a sore thumb. I scanned the papers for a contingency plan, such as jobs and anything that could take my mind away from the loneliness. I had had a paper route in Phoenix and it had held me occupied. Perhaps if I found something similar, I would be able to ignore everything else better. Besides, I need to save for college as well, I reasoned with myself. Now I didn't need to be distracted by friends … The feeling was sour, though, and Charlie told me happily that people were so nice in this town and that he was certain that I would make some good friends. My job hunting was set aside shortly to give the town a chance. From what I had gathered, the Cullen children were far from popular, but their lack of popularity was chosen and not given. When Edward had said I reeked, the rest of the school just followed mindlessly. It's was a flock mentality. If he tried, he could easily become the most popular guy at school. I had seen the adoring looks the girls had given him, and the angry, jealous looks the boys had sent. Of course, I was quick to realize, Lauren and Jessica didn't make it easier. The second day of school had been infinitesimally better at first, as some of the guys had ignored Edward's cruel jibe and approached me. Some guy called Mike had tried to include me. However, when Lauren and Jessica got to him, he quickly retreated and he never offered his goodwill again. They had been interested in the new toy, and Lauren and Jessica had effectively put a stop to it. After my first day I didn't see Edward again for a while. Rosalie looked like she wanted to murder me, while Alice looked uncertain and confused. Jasper and Emmett didn't really bother to look at me, for which I was grateful. I didn't know what was up with them, but I started to hate them. Rosalie had no right to act as if I had driven her brother away. I forced myself to ignore them, to ignore all of them, and my lunch was spent at a table for myself, in the far back. As far away from the Cullens and anyone else as possible. I studied during lunch, which forced me to focus on something else, and it helped a lot. My first weekend meant job-hunting. I had given the people a chance, but their sheep mentality and their fear of standing out had resulted in my exclusion. I was certain I didn't smell. Lauren and Jessica had disliked the attention I had gotten, and had eagerly spread Edward Cullen's cruel attitude. Only