June. The searing sun against the bridge of Harry's nose made him wince. Days like this made him long for his broom, the soft summer breeze kissing his pale skin as he weaved through the clouds, calloused hands gripping the broom handle. A bead of sweat formed at his nape and slithered lazily down his spine before curving around his tailbone. He swallowed, mouth suddenly dry. Thanks to the humidity, his thin white t-shirt clung to his body like a second skin, exposing a trail of wiry black hairs, beginning just above his navel, journeying southward. He pulled his hands from the pockets of his black jeans with a rather forceful yank, leaving them clinging to his jutting, scarred hipbones. His black combat boots were scuffed from years of field work as an Auror, overwhelmingly heavy for a day like today. He pulled the piece of crumpled parchment from his jeans pocket, hesitating on the cobblestone street. He looked upon a small building, its obscure presence familiar somehow, the door a subdued shade of Slytherin green. Harry stepped up to the arched window, fighting the urge to peer through the glass as he'd done at Ollivander's all those years ago. He breathed deeply as his heart thumped beneath his ribcage. He'd reached his destination. A bell chimed above him as he walked over the threshold. The place was immaculate. Dark oak shelves lined the walls, home to dozens of potions. Sunlight streamed through the windowpane and pierced through the dark hues of liquid. A small smile bloomed against his lips as he walked, calloused fingers trailing along the shelves, captivated by the elegant labels of each potion. He hardly noticed the shadow behind him until Draco cleared his throat. "Potter," Draco remarked, his annoyance evident. A strand of golden blond hair kissed Draco's lashes, the full-bodied color complementing his pale skin. It reminded Harry of his favorite ale—the cool, heavy flavor on his tongue that would sting if he clung to it too long, a desirous warning that always kept him coming back. He craved it. He shifted his glasses so that they would sit properly against the bridge of his nose. Draco's shirt collar lay open against his skin. A thin line of sweat coated his Adam's apple, before it slowly drifted downward. His hands were tattooed with the stains of unfinished potions. Harry followed Draco's movements with his eyes as he swallowed. "Malfoy," he murmured, gaze fixed on Draco's throat. Draco sighed, resignedly. "How may I help you?" Harry swallowed thickly, his eyes fixed on Draco. In the corridor of the Ministry, they were orphaned young men trying to pick up scattered pieces of their war-ridden lives, on the cusp of discovering the harshest realities of the Wizarding World. This time, it was Harry who leaned forward and offered Draco his hand. Surprise flashed across Draco's features before he took Harry's hand, giving it as firm a shake as he could manage before he abruptly pulled away, a shaky 'thanks' suspended in the air between them. The scent of sugared lemon and mint lingered in the vacant space, Harry's mind suddenly littered with images of Draco's jutting hipbones, the pale, lustrous expanse of his collarbone, the dip of his Adam's apple as he swallowed, his angled jaw—carefully crafted to fit the space between Harry's parted lips. As quickly as the scent enveloped him, it vanished, maddeningly obscure. His body—and his cock—ached in protest, the beginnings of an erection pressed against his jeans. Slowly, he turned toward the door and began his descent into the after, cursing under his breath all the while. "I was in the area . . . thought I'd drop by," Harry confessed as his nails scraped against his neck, a nervous tick he'd developed at Hogwarts. Draco stared, his arms folded. "I do, um," Harry started, squeezing his eyes shut for a moment before he continued. "Have a reason, for coming here." "Out with it, Potter." Emboldened, Harry stepped into Draco's space. His breath hitched as he swept his tongue across his bottom lip, nursing a newly-formed split. The mint teased his senses, sharp and elusive, before it faded into the familiar arms of sweet sugared lemon. He fought back a shiver, eyes trained on the thin line of Draco's mouth, still angular, but softened, his lips a shade lighter than the faintest blush that colored Harry's cheeks. "I need your help." July. The blazing summer sun shoved Harry awake. He winced, annoyed at the sun's insistence as he sloughed the covers from his bed and trudged to the bathroom with a raging hard-on. He peeled his pyjama pants off his hips and pushed them over sweat-slicked thighs. His cock sprang free, a drop of pre-come dangled from the tip. His muscles pulsed with desirous tremors as he traced the slit with the pad of his index finger. A groan escaped his throat as he stepped into the shower and the cold water kissed his skin, a devious sting, reminiscent of Draco's mouth against his Adam's apple buried in the dark corners of his mind, suspended in the plum-tinged shadows of evening, a dangerous illusion. The dreams started the afternoon he left Draco's shop. Third year, in the back of Professor Lupin's classroom, Harry leaning against the brick archway, his jaw set, studying Draco's stick-figure drawing with furrowed brows, growing more annoyed with his existence by the minute. "Why so tense, Potter?" Draco murmured, his trademark sneer permanently etched on his lips. "Piss off, Malfoy." Harry spat, his fist clenched around the origami bird, dragging his nails into the paper and creating a low hissing sound that echoed off the walls of the classroom. Something devious flashed across Draco's face as he rounded on Harry, trapping him against the wall, his palms braced on either side of Harry's shoulders. "No." Harry shivered at the sensation of Draco's warm breath ghosting against his throat, slithering upward to his jaw, sweet mint assaulting his senses, making him dizzy. "You're . . ." Harry breathed, stifling the groan that threatened to tumble from the back of his throat. Draco stilled in front of Harry's parted lips, sucking all the air settled against the inches between them. "Yes?" "Such a . . . git." With each passing night, Harry's dreams grew darker, more intense. Seventeen and shackled to a chair in Dumbledore's office, his back to the pensieve—the soft glow of turquoise light reflected in his black nest of hair. A seductive smirk bloomed on Draco's lips as he dropped to his knees—weighted, breathy whispers tumbled from his lips and settled in the fabric of Harry's jeans. "This is what you want, isn't it, Potter?" Harry was entirely powerless under Draco's touch, a stilted groan forcing itself from his throat as Draco ran his hand underneath the fabric of Harry's heathered gray t-shirt, his perfectly round, smooth nails pushed deep into pale skin, birthing little half-moon scars, a supple, deep shade of pink. A devious smile bloomed from his lips, reaching hooded eyes. He'd penetrated the depths of Harry's mind—he knew that Harry dreamed of him hovering above his body, pinning him to the mattress, his Dark Mark coming alive, tracing down Harry's torso, lapping at the skin against his ribs, hissing desirous confessions in the dark, dripping with poisonous lust. He had the same dream two nights later. Though this one was more excruciating than its predecessor. His body, beaded with sweat, scorched beneath Draco's murderous touch enveloped in the darkness. Harry shifted underneath Draco's gaze, biting his lip hard enough to draw blood, stifling a moan. Draco mouthed at his neck, grazing his teeth along his Adam's apple, releasing a final exhale against his mouth. Harry's name, laced with reverie tumbled from Draco's lips, as if he'd whispered it to himself in the dark, an answer to a sacred prayer three years too late. Harry woke with the taste of stale blood against his lips. He winced, placing a sweaty palm against his forehead in a half-arsed attempt to tame his sweat-soaked fringe. The sunrise was particularly maddening this morning, the haze of heat boiled against the windows, threatening to melt the corners of the glass. He thought of the windows in Malfoy Manor, how the light vanished from Draco's eyes as the Dark Lord sent the last piece of glass to the floor with a sharp flick of his wand. Harry watched Draco's cautious movements, as if he was weighing how much it mattered to live, how significant it'd be to die. He was closer to Harry than he'd ever been, and he smelled nothing like the sweet, clean, mint of his youth. His sharp, infuriating, intoxicating wit had been fed to starved wolves in the dungeons, the spark of a challenge, the love of danger extinguished from his eyes. He smelled like fire and ash, waiting for an Incendio to tumble from the Dark Lord's lips without a second thought. Thoughts of Draco assaulted Harry's mind, leaving him tangled in his sheets each morning, his cock sharp enough to cut glass. A week passed before Harry showed up at Elixir again with vials of unidentified potions that were being smuggled from Knockturn Alley and ending up in the hands of young Hogwarts students. The dark denim fabric of his jeans clung to his thighs, bunched at the knees, his Auror boots were tied in haphazard knots, mirroring the earth's morning haze. He stood in front of Elixir, a heavy exhale falling from his lips, threatening to fog the small windowpanes. The bell chimed above him as he stepped inside. He reveled in the familiarity of the air before it assaulted his senses—the sharp zing of mint, dissolved by sweet sugared lemon—Draco. Suddenly, he's tumbling back into the dark depths of his mind—head tipped back against the cherry oak chair, pale throat on display, Draco standing between his thighs, his whispers low and seductive, stinging Harry's skin, and he wants. "Oh, you're here. How delightful," Draco drawled, a palm cupped around the back of his neck, the annoyance evident in his voice. He longed to scowl at Draco's choice of dress—perfectly tailored black trousers, cognac oxfords, and that same sky-blue button down from their first encounter, the top two buttons undone. The scent of soft sugared lemon lingered in the empty space between them, its last breath settled against Harry's wrist, a sweet, desirous whisper. Fucking git. Harry's frustration urged him forward, heavy words pulsing against his tongue. "You're the one who agreed to assist, Malfoy." He straightened, holding Draco's gaze for a moment before allowing his eyes to wander over Draco's lips. He wondered if Draco tasted as sweet as he smelled—like those sugared lemon drops at Honeydukes, the slightest hint of pain as the outer crystals pierced his tongue, before the tart sweetness blanketed the sensitive skin. The shudder that coursed through him left him frustrated and dazed. A flush crept up his neck as he carded his fingers through his hair. Draco smirked. "Right, then. Let's get started, shall we?" Harry's footsteps were heavy against the wooden stairs, tiny volcanoes of dust erupting with each thunderous step. Draco hesitated at the top of the stairs, rolling his eyes at Harry's failed attempts to be quiet. "For christ's sake, be more careful on the way down, would you?" Harry winced, his bottom lip lodged between his teeth, offering Draco his most apologetic look. Draco huffed as he turned the knob, ushering Harry inside. Harry stepped through the distressed doorway, nearly bumping into the sharp corner of an elongated work table, light streaming through a large bow window, reflecting into the back alleys of Diagon below. A large cauldron adorned a weathered oak tabletop opposite Harry, vials of potions rows deep above it, along with beakers, wooden spoons, and a few spare wands. "I'll return shortly. Touch nothing." Harry offered a small nod and tugged at the rounded neck of his t-shirt. Draco turned