A/N: New idea for a fanfiction. I'm pretty slow with my Harry Potter fanfic as this one keeps creeping into my head. There will be some changes. Peeta and Katniss will be dating and they are also both eighteen. This isn't one of those stories where the oc goes into the games instead of Katniss. Peeta and Katniss will be going into the games. The Odds Are Never In Our Favor I woke up with a foot in my side and goose bumps running up and down my arms. The bed was crowded and if one didn't snore another did. It was slightly uncomfortable and the only two blankets were wrapped around my little sister. It was early morning and the sky was dark with the moon bringing the only source of light. Every few minutes I tried to close my eyes and fall asleep but a slight sound would catch my ear and cause me to stay awake. A part of me wanted to fall asleep while the other part was ready to admit defeat. Quietly, I rolled out of my bed and tiptoed towards my things. I threw on a itchy, second-hand sweater, over my tank top and pulled on a pair of pants. In one hand I held my boots and in the other I carried a worn-out jacket. I waited till I was out of the house before I slid on my boots and put on my jacket. For a few seconds, I stood outside the door and made sure no one had woken up. Once I was sure my family was still asleep, I made my way to my destination. It was a peaceful walk as most of the others were still asleep. Usually, the miners would be waking up in an hour or so to head to the mines. Today, however, they were free from work because of the reaping. I stopped at the fence and waited to hear the sound of dull buzzing. There wasn't a single buzz or sound. I slipped under the fence and made my way to follow my morning routine. I found a sturdy tree, climbed up and nestled in between a branch and the trunk. Most mornings I ended up coming to the woods and sleeping out here before school or our regular morning hunts when the weather permits it. Katniss complains that my habit is dangerous and I'm going to get myself hurt. It's dangerous to go hunting but she still does it. So, I like to think she isn't in any position to chastise me. I drifted asleep and woke up to the sun shining overhead. It was still early morning but I expected Katniss to be out soon, especially on reaping day. Prim was probably in bed with our mother, scared about her name being called. Though, Katniss and I had a better chance at our name getting called; Katniss had her name in the most times out of the three of us. I had an uneasy feeling that one of us would be picked in the reaping. It was the same feeling I had every year on reaping day. Yet, this time it felt certain. "Kass, are you out here?" Katniss yelled in a soft whisper. It was funny that even when we were outside in the woods she was careful. The capitol had eyes and ears everywhere. No matter where you went, they always seemed to know, especially when the games came around. "Yes," I answered in the same hushed voice. "Prim crawled into bed with mother this morning," she states what I have already guessed. "I think I will gather some herbs and head on home, maybe pick some fresh berries for everyone." I slide off of one branch and carefully climb out of the tree. Katniss has her bow in her left hand and mine in the other. She hands it to me along with my hunting bag before she motions toward our meeting spot with Gale. "Gale should be here soon." "I highly doubt he will want to see me," I whisper, thinking back to our argument the night before. "What happened?" "He was being stubborn." "You two need to quit bickering every other day. We only have so many people we can trust and Gale is a good friend." She paused to hand me my bag that I forgotten to grab before she continued. "What was the argument about this time?" "He found out about you not taking tesserae this year." "I still can do it this year, Kass." "No," I answer. "This is your last year and the way I see it, you have a better chance of being free of the Games if you didn't have your name in four extra times." "Four more times won't make too much a difference," she retorts. "It's your last year with us, not just the games. Pretty soon you'll run off with Peeta or something. It's my turn to step up and help take care of us." "I'm not abandoning my family," she snapped. I could feel her gaze while I adverted my eyes and looked amongst the trees. "I'm staying until I know you and Prim are taken care of." "I'm sure Gale is waiting for you," I answer. "He's waiting for you too." "Tell him I'll see him during the reaping." "Kassidy, you can't avoid him! He has every right to be upset! You don't think!" She hissed as she grabbed my elbow and started leading me to our destination. "There's no reason for him to be upset. It's my decision and it doesn't affect him." Katniss stopped and let go of my elbow. Her eyes squeezed into slits and her face hardened. I knew her words before she said them. "What if you get reaped?" "I'll only be taking tesserae this year and next year. There are others my age who have their name in far more times than me. I'll be fine." I reply, a smug smile on my face. I had thought of what I was going to say for months when the time for the games came around. "Kass," she said exasperated, "What if you get reaped?" "I don't know," I replied honestly. "Mom would fall apart again if one of us was called. I don't know what would happen to Prim, but she needs us." She paused. "Peeta would be strong but he would hurt. You would keep making stupid decisions and Gale would lose an extra hand to help hunt. " "You've thought about it," I state shocked. "You've considered what would happen if you were reaped." "Why haven't you?" "I don't want to think about it." I whisper more to myself than to her. Katniss shakes her head and starts walking again. "We need to get going." XXX By the time we reach our spot he's sitting on the rock and holding an arrow with a loaf of bread through it. He says hello to Katniss, and she smiles her first real smile this morning. She pulls out some cheese Prim left out and the two get into their routine. I watch them but tune out what they are saying to one another. I can't help but smile at his smile as they talk in their fake Capitol accents. He cuts the bread and cheese and only looks at me when he offers me a piece, "I'm not very hungry," I state, my voice still cold from the night before. "Kass, don't even pretend you're not hungry. I doubt you ate yesterday." He nudges Katniss to give me the piece of bread and makes a point to not eat his until he sees me take a bite. "Well, fine then." I snap before ripping the piece in half and plopping a bit into my mouth. "Good," he huffs before he eats his share. Gale and Katniss could be siblings with their dark hair, olive skin and gray eyes. Most of those who lived in the Seam looked the same as them. My mother, Prim and I stuck out with our light hair and blue eyes. I wasn't blonde like them but my hair was a light brown. Either way, I didn't look like my sister and rest of the Seam. "We could do it, you know," Gale says quietly. "Do what?" My sister and I ask at the same time. "Run away and live in the woods. We could make it." I stay silent. His words would be considered treason if the right pair of ears heard. "If we didn't have so many kids," he adds. He was talking about his siblings and Prim. Even our mothers relied on us. I highly doubt leaving would be a good idea. "I never want to have kids," Katniss states. "Me either." "I would if I didn't live here," he tells us. "But you do," I remind him. He looks at me and shakes his head. "Gale, we can't leave." "Forget it!" "I'm going to go," I announce giving him one last look before nodding at me sister and heading off. XXX The walk back was quiet and on the way I spotted a deer. I cleaned it and used the bag Katniss gave me to put the meat in. Gale and my sister would be heading back and they would be worried if I wasn't home before them. I made way to the hub and traded the pelts for a newer sweater for prim and the meat for a couple of old cans full of soup made by Greasy Sae. On the way home I stop by the orphanage and hand the cans to a couple of the kids who were playing tag in front of the saggy, rotted wood building. "Prim," I call when I walk into our small home. She sends me a smile and I hand her the sweater before she can say anything. It was still fairly warm out but eventually winter would come and the sweater would be needed. "Kass, mom laid out one of Katniss's old dresses for you," she says in her quiet, sweet voice. "I will change, I'm sure everyone else needs to take a bath," I answer as I make eye contact with our mother and give her a small smile. At times it's hard to look at her. Even after five years, I can still only make out the woman who became a shell and let her three children raise themselves. "There is time for you to clean up as well," mom whispers. I only nod and quickly clean up and make sure there is warm water for Katniss. I slip into the buttoned up white dress that now was more of a pale yellow. It kept growing worn out and older every year it was brought out. Mom had one of her old dresses laid out for Katniss and I smiled at the thought. "Kass, that dress is getting so old, you can wear one of mine as well." I try to refuse but she pulled out a ruffled yellow button down dress that made Prim's eyes grow wide in amazement. Katniss's dress was not only nice but fancier than the usual dresses woman and girls from the Seam wore. This dress was simple and something I would have bought if given the money. I put it on and by the time Katniss walked in, mother had braided my hair and Prim was itching in anticipation to see Katniss in the pretty blue dress. XXX I left our small home early, skipping lunch and made my way to Gale's home. People were starting to leave their houses and even head to the town square early. I smiled at those I passed and promised to drop off some fresh game next time I hunt. Katniss hunted for us to live and while I did the same, I also tried to help those who had been affected by the mine explosion as well. Hazel