Disclaimer: I don't own the right to the characters, Stephanie Meyer does. The title is attributed to Blink 182. Enjoy! (A/N: I envisage this Jasper is portrayed as being his true self - Jackson Rathbone. His hair is dark brown not blonde and he is tanned as this is AU/ all human :)) Bella: Tonight was the night - the night I was going on my first ever date and with none other than Jasper Whitlock. I should probably tell you why its my first date and why Jasper is so significant. I'm new-ish to Forks. I was born here but I never really grew up here - my mother, Renee, ran away with me when I was only a few weeks old, because she hated the town, but when she left with me, we left behind my father, Charlie - who only ever got to see me during summer holidays. Eventually mum remarried after years of dating random guys, who ditched her as soon as they found out she had a kid. Anyway she found Phil and they were happy, so I decided to move to Forks and live with dad to let them enjoy their new married life. When I moved back, there was a new family in town, but they didn't really socialise with anyone which the people of this little town loved because they were such gossipers, and they had so many theories on why they kept to themselves. This new family was the Cullens, although many of them didn't share the family name. Altogether from what I gathered from Charlie when I first moved here was that Carlisle and Esme were a young couple, in their early thirties, and out of the kindness of their hearts went and adopted five teenagers; Edward (who ended up taking the Cullen surname) as did Alice and Emmett but the blonde duo didn't. Rosalie decided to keep her last name as Hale as did Jasper with Whitlock, although on databases he is Hale for some reason. Anyway, the kids were in school with me and everyone I had met on my first day had told me to stay away from them, they were bad news - but me being me, I don't really listen. People call it ignorance and stupidity but I just call it curiosity. Luckily, I was in a class with at least one of the 'Cullen' kids. In English I had to share with Emmett, in Art was Alice, in Biology and history was Jasper, in math I shared with Rosalie and music I shared with Edward. I got talking to them during the lessons as the only seats ever available was next to them, and I found them to be rather interesting. Rosalie was more interesting in mechanics than learning about math and doing school work - for such a gorgeous woman she sure was a grease monkey. During history Jasper and I ended up having a debate on information in the textbook which gradually increased in volume and got the attention of the teacher who gave us detention for being disruptive. During the debate with him I saw what a passionate man he was and actually how beautiful he was. In the detention all we did was banter and flirt - and lets just say you could cut the tension in the room with a knife. At the end of the detention, Jasper asked me on a date, but in his words it was "Will you go on a date with me, but its not a date if that makes sense," which caused me to laugh and him to blush - I obviously agreed, who wouldn't, when they were being asked by a guy who looked like he was a super model - he was extraordinarily handsome. -FD- He was here. Outside my house! I was slightly nervous - okay more than slightly nervous, I was absolutely shitting a brick. I mean, Jasper is perfect! Have you seen him, with his dark hair, his green eyes, his kissable lips and his oh, so strong jawline! He could do so much better than me! I was pulled out of my music at my dad calling up the stairs to tell me that someone was at the door for me. I slowly walked down the stairs, considering I was in heels, even if they were boot heels, I was still slightly unsteady going down stairs. I reached the bottom and my dad smiled at me, before going back into the living room to watch the game (I never knew who was playing, Charlie just watched every game that was being aired). I opened the door to find a rather nervous Jasper stood there. When he saw me, I watched him look me up and down twice, before his eyes finally settled on my own. "You look gorgeous!" he blurted out and then started to blush. "You don't look too bad yourself," I said back as I stepped over the threshold and pulled the door closed behind me. He held out his arm to me and walked me to the passenger side of his card, his very lovely and very hot, 1969 Dodge Charger. I whistled when I got closer, I looked over to Jasper to find him with a shocked yet impressed look on his face. "My daddy taught me to appreciate a good car, and boy is this a car!" I said as I slid into the passenger seat. He quietly closed the door and ran around the car and climbed in - 5 seconds later we were leaving my drive and heading to wherever he wanted to take me on this "date, which isn't a date". Jasper: Oh-my-fucking-god! I actually have Bella Swan in my car! With me! Bella Swan! I literally felt like I would pass out. I don't know what it is about her but she makes me nervous yet extremely happy at the same time. Bella and I had never really talked, unless it was something to do with the topic in class, but that debate I had with her in history was phenomenal. Being apart of the Cullen family was hard, Carlisle and Esme were great parents but they were so young and they looked after five of us. I will forever be grateful to them for taking me in after everything but I don't want to be left living a secluded life anymore, it was driving me insane. So I bit the bullet and asked Bella on this "date, which isn't a date". The car was in a comfortable silence for most of the journey until Bella started asking questions. "Jasper? Can I ask you a question?". "You just did," I laughed which caused her to slap my arm playfully. "Sure." I smiled over at her, which caused her to blush a lovely shade of red. "How come you were adopted by Dr. Cullen and his wife?" at least she was straight forward and not like everyone else who tried to be imaginative with their words. "Long or short story?" I asked her and she shrugged, "Whatever you prefer to tell," she smiled and grabbed my hand giving it a slight squeeze. That was the first time anyone had ever told me to decide how to tell me own story. "Okay, seeing as we're going to Seattle I may as well tell you the full story. Just going to warn it may turn you off me," I chuckled and she shushed me and told me to tell the story and she will decide. "Back when I was a kid, I was a trouble maker, always disobeying my parents and I got into a lot of trouble - I ended up getting into this gang, who had recruited me from the streets of Galveston, Texas and from there they pretty much trained me to do most things - I could fight with swords, small pocket knives and my fists. They "hardened" me up - one time I had three stab wounds that were profoundly bleeding and I nearly died if it wasn't for one of them knowing how to stich up my wounds -" I took a shaky breath, "- but I went back to them, even after they nearly killed me. After I went back, things become very troubled. Other gangs were becoming increasingly aggressive towards us, and one by one we were losing members. I was one of the very few who survived. The leader, a bitch called Maria, decided to recruit more kids. The youngest was eleven. The gang had taken over my life. I stopped caring about my education and my home life. I would show up now and again so my parents could see I was alive, but otherwise I was at the gang's "hideout". After training and preparing the new recruits one of them stuck with me, Peter - he was such a little shit, he wouldn't follow my orders but he was good at giving them, he became my second, as I was Maria's second. One night however, one of the rival gangs had found out where our hideout was situated and snuck in, and they began slaughtering the kids. Peter pulled me and this girl out before they found us, I was furious with him at first, but they I was grateful because he saved my life - at this point I was only sixteen. Down in Texas, I was known as the Major in the gangs - I don't know why but I was and many people feared me because of how ruthless I had become under Maria. That night, Maria had survived, she too had evaded the slaughtering squad of Eduardo, another gang leader. Maria had my parents killed in their sleep for me deserting the gang when they were being invaded. I became homeless - I was too young to become emancipated so I become a ward of the state until the Cullen family found me and adopted me two years ago." I said, quite ashamed of my horrid past. After that I didn't speak throughout the rest of the journey to Seattle. "So why Seattle?" She asked randomly as we saw the sign welcoming us to the city. "It was far enough away from Forks that my 'family' wouldn't interrupt us and we could have a better experience. And as its the weekend I thought we could stay the night - I've asked the Chief and he was fine with it," I smirked at her miffed look. "So my father knew you were kidnapping me for the night," I laughed and nodded, "'fraid so," and that's when we pulled up outside our hotel. "Wait, what am I going to do about my pyjamas?" she said freaking out a little at the prospect of having no bed clothes, although I wouldn't mind if she slept in just her underwear. "It's all been taken care of," I smiled which caused her to let out a frustrated noise. "What do you mean 'It's all been taken care of'?" she said, spinning in her seat and staring at me. "Just that. Now stop worrying or we'll be too late to book in," I smirked. Bella: He is so infuriating sometimes! I will get him back later. As we approached the front desk, he grabbed my hand and I must say it did surprise me but I liked it, knowing that this enigma of a man wanted to hold my hand. I know he was keeping something secret about my sleep wear predicament but I trusted him, surprisingly, especially after everything he told me in the car here. But that was his past , that's not him now. He lost his parents because of what he did. He had to change himself. Everything he ever knew was gone because someone saved his life. I have no doubt he would have survived but for how long if this Peter kid hadn't have pulled him