Full Story Summary: ' My plan: Get Percy Jackson and make him mine. Get rid of his cousins, Nico and Thalia and horrid twin sister Leila. But most of all: destroy his girlfriend, Annabeth Chase .' Cara is average, snobby mortal with plans for to have the perfect Homecoming and party through her high school years but when she sees Percy Jackson, every plan is put on hold. She wants him. Except, she soon find outs that won't be as easy as she thought it would. POST TLO (A/N: Okay, I really wanted to do Percy and his friends high school days from a mortal's POV. I was trying to think about what they all would look like from some snobby girl's POV. So I created this! :] I don't own Percy, blah blah blah...I'm sure you know this. Anyways, hope you like it! Please review if you think I should keep going!) Key: Cara. Amy. Sophie. Part One "Cara!" my mom screamed. "Get down here! Now!" "I'll be down in a second!" I shouted back for the hundredths time. I slipped on my black high heels that matched my tight red spaghetti strapped shirt with black stripes and black mini skirt. "Cara!" my mom shrieked. I snatched up my eyeliner and did one more swipe around my eye before stuffing it back into my Prada purse with the rest of my makeup. I seized my backpack and ran downstairs. I took a Granola bar while my mom stood behind me watching. "You need to get up earlier, Cara," my mom scolded. "And really take off some of that makeup!" "Whatever, mom," I stated. "I'm out of here." I walked down the sidewalk and waited a minute for my friends. I wouldn't wait too long because I didn't want to be late for my first day at a new high school. My friends had finally convinced me to ditch this fancy private school I went to my freshmen year and join some icky public school. If they decided not to wait for me and walk with me on my first day, I was going to be so mad at them both. "Cara!" someone yelled. I turned to see my best friend Amy running toward me. "Hey, Amy," I smiled. "Hi! OMG! I am so excited! You, me, and Sophie all going to the same school just like we always wanted! Oh, BTW: You look a-dorable!" "Awe, thanks, you too." Amy was naturally tan, had light brown hair, and was supporting a small khaki shorts that emphasized her long legs and a bubble gum colored tank top that was tight and showed all her curves. Her hair was straightened then pulled out of her face with a bunch of bobby pins. For shoes she wore a tall pair of three inch high heel boots. "Should we wait for Sophie? Or just let her meet us there?" Amy asked as she checked her nails. "Here!" a perky girly voice announced. "Sophie!" we said. Sophie greeted us each with a hug and French kisses. Sophie was a girl with bleach blonde hair and a deep tan from spending her summers in the Caribbean. She was a lose form of a hippie, I guess. She refused to eat meat, carried hemp purses and bags, and always had flowers on her somewhere. Today, she was wearing a floral pattern dress and white ballet flats. "I hate walking to school," Amy griped. The smart and musical one was Amy but she's also the sweetest out of the three of us. But to be honest, that's not saying much. "I know," I agreed. "I'm going to snap my ankle if we keep walking." "My brother said he would give me a ride once the weather gets colder," Sophie chipped. "No fair," complained Amy. "My brother just left for college so I won't be getting rides from him anytime soon." "I enjoy being an only child," I put in. Sophie nodded, "I can see its advantages, but I wouldn't know how to play half the sports I do if it wasn't for my brothers." Sophie was spacey and girly but don't let that fool you. I don't think I'd ever seen her lose a soccer game. She'll get as aggressive as she's needs too during a game. She can learn just about any sport and be absolutely fabulous at it in a week. "You don't have to worry about walking, though," she continued. "Yeah you're the pretty one, you can just hook a ride with your current boyfriend or some admirer," Amy joined in. I scowled, "Don't be mean." "I was serious," insisted Amy. "Me, too," Sophie added. I beamed, "I know!" We laughed. I was the pretty one. I presumed that role we couldn't find anything else I was good at. Just then Goode High School came into view. Banners were stung up over the doorways saying 'Goode is good. Let's have a Goode year.' Things like that. "Ready? You guys are totally going to love it here!" gushed Amy. Sophie raised an invisible sword and cried, "To the office!" We laughed again, hooked arms and walked up the steps and up to the window. Amy worked in the office so we could get our schedules without waiting in the line. Amy was also very social. She was looking forward to running for student body president and planning dances while on the other hand I was looking forward to the cute guys and buying dresses for said dances. "Okay, there yours," Amy gave me mine. "And here's yours," she handed Sophie hers. "Do we have lunch together?" I said hopefully. "Mine's…" Sophie trailed off as she was looking, "twelve thirty." "Perfect!" Amy cried. "I kind of rearranged our schedules so we have most of our classes together," she told me. I rolled my eyes "Of course you have." "Well I have freshman classes to get to," Sophie said. "See you at lunch!" we shouted after her. Amy turned back to me and started talking at top speed, "Okay we have second, fifth, sixth, and seventh period together; and, of course, lunch. I'll see you soon, 'kay? Do you want help finding your first class? Of course you don't. We did take the tour before summer. I can't believe were sophomores! Can you believe it, Cara? OMG I need to text Jimmy! What am I saying? I need you to meet Jimmy! I wonder if I'm going to get a top or bottom locker. I really hope for a top. Last year was the worst. I had a bottom locker and the guy above me kept dropping books on my head! I was like 'What the f-" "AMY!" I gripped her arms, "Stop." She took a deep breath. "Sorry, I am just really excited. We've wanted this since what? Fifth grade?" "Yeah, fifth," I agreed. "I'm going get to class. We'll check out our lockers later." "All right, sounds cool," she spun on her heel and wandered off in some direction. I looked down at my paper. Eight fifteen: Math. Just my luck; Math first thing in the morning, I sighed. I began making my way over when someone bumped my shoulder from behind. My bag slipped off my back and fell on the ground spilling pens, pencils, and notebooks everywhere. I was about to scream this person out of school! I mean, really couldn't this see me walking here? "Watch where your-" I stopped, midsentence when I saw the boy that had collided with me. The boy had dark, dark black hair and bright green eyes. He was majorly ripped but he was also kind of soft and friendly looking. He bent down quickly and gathered my stuff. "Sorry," he said. I recovered and flashed him one of my cute flirty smiles, "It's okay." He handed me my things and continued walking down the hallway. I felt a bit offended. I mean, I was gorgeous. Why didn't he want to stick around for a bit? I checked my cell phone for the time it was only eight o' two I had a little time… besides I was curious, so I followed him. He walked out the door and hopped down the steps to a girl who was sitting down on the steps drinking a Starbucks coffee. The boy sat down next to her and said something; she hit him in the arm. I was too far away to hear but whatever it was the boy appeared to be begging. I saw the girl sigh and hand over the cup. The boy smiled and took a sip. The bell rang. I groaned; I hate Math class, it puts me to sleep. I watched the pair stand. The girl was the same height as the boy and had long black hair. Oh and when I say long, I mean LONG; her hair cascaded all the way down to her waist. "Whatever," I heard the boy say. "I'm just saying this whole thing isn't very fair." "Face it," she replied. "We might be heroes there but this… this is high school." My phone buzzed. I checked it while I went to homeroom. It was Amy. Ugh i hav bio I smirked. Amy hated Biology almost as much as I Math. I reached the door but texted Amy back before I went in. I hav math I win Her response was quick. Haha enjoy I tucked my cell in my purse, fluffed my hair, and pulled open the door. Math was a blur of numbers and stuff I didn't care about and wasn't going to use in life. I met up with Amy before second period and she talked for so long about how science classes are dumb and how she wanted to take French or Spanish not Greek that we were late for our class. We had to sit in the first roe which irritated me. I got to my third period English class a bit early so I could sit off to a side but in the middle everyone could see me and I could see them. I had a good seat in Biology (fourth period) expecting it to be boring. I didn't hate the sciences but it was pointless to me. I scanned the room as people came in. There was an overweight boy in the front with bad acne. Directly in the seat before mine there was a girl with glasses in a T shirt, jeans, and sneakers. She wasn't that bad looking but she had nothing on me. The class slowly filled and I became more and more comfortable. I reached down to get my phone and text Sophie to see how she's doing and tell her how these people are boring me to death. When I looked up and almost had a heart attack. The girl with black hair was walking in but she wasn't with the boy. She was with a girl. They were quite a pair. A slightly tan girl with dark waist length hair wearing jean shorts and a light blue top that showed off her calm blue eyes accompanied by a girl who had short blonde curls, intelligent gray eyes, a tan like Sophie's, a long pair of jeans and a maroon shirt that said: Long Island, New York . I hadn't noticed before how pretty the black haired girl was. So was the blonde for that matter. The two took seats by the windows and the teacher passed them books and stared class. "Hello, my name is Mr. Peterson," the teacher introduced. "This semester in Biology we'll be studying the oceans." The two girls by the window snickered before trying to muffle them into their arms. "Something funny?" Mr. Peterson asked them. The blonde shook her head, sending sunshine dancing across her curls turning them a light gold color. They both muttered, "No, sir." "Very well," he said then continued talking about creatures from the depths and I zoned out.