A/N: Annnnnd it begins again! A wonderful fellow writer/reader contacted me a while ago and asked if she could write Thalia's POV of From the Outside. I LOVE what she had to offer so I'm so excited to share it with everyone! I hope you all love Above It All as much as I do! Now, from the beginning... Disclaimer: I don't own any of Rick Riordan characters or story. Leila is an invention of my imagination and Thalia's POV has been amazingly written by the lovely Rose (77cheesecake77). Love ya ~Kimby I didn't plan to be enrolled in Goode High. For one thing, it's a high school. I hate being cooped up for hours on end just to learn about things that won't even help me in my career as the Lieutenant of the Hunters of Artemis. Give me my Hunters any day. Another reason is the fact that it's a MORTAL HIGH SCHOOL. Sure, maybe I suggested the place, but I still blame Lady Artemis. Couldn't SHE have used the Mist to make that police officer allow me to stay with the Hunters? And who came up with the law that teenage girls can't roam the forests without high school diplomas? But here I was, at the front steps of Goode with my magical black bag slung over one shoulder. I wore the most intimidating punk outfit the school would allow: A fitted black skull and crossbones tank top with black fingerless gloves that ran up to my elbows, small black shorts with chains hanging down the sides, and black combat boots. I also pulled my hair halfway back with a black hair tie, not bothering my new bangs that Phoebe insisted I get for Goode. Black eye shadow and eye liner gave my eyes a ghoulish look. I kept my circlet under Artemis' instruction so I could show the nymphs I was the lieutenant of the Hunters if I didn't get a place to stay; Aegis was on my wrist, leaving my studded choker to be my only non-magical accessory. "Goode High School, here I come," I muttered to myself. I assumed the air of a punk and set my eyes with a narrow, icy glare that gave the message I wanted to give: Back off. With that, I pushed open the doors. When I first walked in, it was loud. Everyone was talking, whispering, or – even worse – kissing. And I hated it. My already-icy glare turned dangerously hard as I felt my face sour into an even clearer expression: If you mess with me, you will be sorry. I swept the halls with my eyes, daring anyone to speak a single syllable. Nobody did anything. "Nothing like a few years of training to get your punk expression perfected," I mumbled to myself, satisfied. I lifted my chin confidently and started to walk through the now-cleared path in the hall, ignoring their reactions. Nobody dared walk in front of me once they saw me. I opened my locker and started putting my belongings in it. As I did so, I heard conversations start up again. This time, it was all in whispers and about one topic. Me. "Who is that?" a girl asked in a voice so high and annoying it made me wish I was listening to one of Apollo's haikus. "That would be the next thing I was about to tell you about," another girl answered. Her voice wasn't as annoying as the first girl, but I still hated her. "What do you mean?" a third voice piped up, grating on my nerves. Great. There are three annoying snobs here, I thought. I continued decorating my locker but zeroed in on their conversation, ready to teach them a lesson. "I mean there's a new girl in school today." They were quiet for a moment, and the hairs on my neck stood straight up. I was being watched. I pretended to mess with something in the back as I calmed myself down. Then the next comment hit me. "Her name is Thalia Grace and she's from… well, it didn't say where she was from." Nobody calls me "Thalia Grace." That's my deceased mother's surname. I never use it. Lady Artemis, I thought fiercely, why did you tell that school my mom's last name? You know I hate it! I knew she couldn't hear me, but I couldn't help it. Then I realized something. That infuriating girl had said, "It didn't say where she was from." Not "they" or "he" or "she", but "it".The NERVE of that girl to look me up and report to her snobby buddies my personal information! I spun around and tossed them an even colder glower than before. As I did so, I analyzed them in about three seconds. The girl on the left had a royal blue U-neck beaded shirt and white shorts, both showing way too much skin. The girl next to her had a sleeveless, light-blue polka-dotted dress that looked disturbingly like what my mom used to wear when I lived with her: Old fashioned and way too poufy. Who wears DRESSES to SCHOOL? I wondered silently, rolling my eyes. On the far right, the last girl stood uncomfortably, as if embarrassed to be caught staring. She had on a tiny plaid skirt with a maroon polo that also showed way too much skin. Seriously, what happened to modesty? Wonderful. We're right across from each other. I fumed. The girl in the blue and white who seemed to be the ringleader stomped on the girl in maroon and plaid's foot, and then spun to her locker to find something – as if trying to pretend she hadn't been staring. Yeah, right, I thought as the girls whispered so loud I could have heard them from Camp and back. I chose to ignore them and instead put my books into my locker. As I glanced both ways to see if there were any more people to take care of, I caught sight of two people I knew very well. They were a couple, about seventeen, and had their hands entwined together. The guy had messy jet-black hair, sea-green eyes, and a shirt that had a picture of the Empire State Building on it. The girl had curly golden-blond hair, a turquoise blouse, and white Adidas sneakers. Her skirt was white and ruffled, and her eyes showed recognition. Percy and Annabeth. My face broke out into a big grin. Annabeth was like a little sister to me. About ten years ago, Luke and I had met her in an alleyway as she ran away from home. Luke and I had taken care of her. Together, we became stronger as a family; we promised not to abandon her like Luke and I had been. Then, Annabeth had been such a young girl, dependent on Luke and me; now, she was in high school in eleventh grade. So much had happened since then, and even though I had just seen her last month, she seemed more mature and grown up now in high school. Despite her maturity, I still regarded her as my little sister. I had missed her SO much and was dying to see her again. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a ripple of confusion throughout the bystanders as they saw my 110% punk style change into my true crazy self. "Oh my gods!" Annabeth squealed, and she and Percy closed the distance. I waited, knowing it would be easier since I still had to get my books. She threw her arms around my neck. "What are you doing here?" Her voice was ecstatic, but laced with concern. Frustrated with her little sister routine, I wore an exasperated expression as I released her and hugged Percy, whom I had a rocky relationship with. When I first met him for real, I had hated him. I resented him even more when he seemed to be taking Annabeth away from me. I was jealous. However, I had talked to Annabeth many times when we went to the girls-only school, and she explained her sentiments. She loved Percy as a boyfriend, and he didn't even come close to replacing me, she had promised. In return, I promised that I would try to be decent to Percy. We still bicker now and then, but we don't electrocute or drown each other anymore, and we both agree that it is a MAJOR accomplishment to have gotten over trying to kill each other at sight. Anyways, even though I'm the Hunter's lieutenant, I still hug Percy. As I explained to thick-headed Percy so many years ago, I honor a friendwhen I hug him – or any other boy. "Apparently, there's some law," I began to explain, rolling my eyes to show how much I cared about any law, "about a bunch of teenage girls running around in the forest without high school diplomas." I snorted, and Annabeth nodded. "Anyways, when I asked if I could get sent here with you all, Artemis thought it would be a good idea." Percy, of course, was confused as always, so I explained. "Since all of you probably attract a lot of monsters, too." Annabeth opened her mouth to say something, but something caught her eye. She closed her mouth, and I got the message: Mortal alert. Then I heard someone call my name by a voice I knew well. "Thalia! Oh my gods, I can't believe it!" Leila rushed up to me and embraced me, leaving Nico to stand a few feet away awkwardly. Nico and I don't know each other very well, despite the fact that we're cousins. I figured part of it was because of Bianca, who had left Nico for the Hunters. It didn't help our relationship as cousins that I became the lieutenant of the Hunters, either. But he is my cousin, so I should at least try to tolerate him for a few months. By then, we should be good friends, I thought, calculating the possibilities and steeling myself for a long semester. If trying to get along with Nico was anything like how it was with Percy, I would be fighting a LOT. I shook those thoughts away and started smiling again. "Leila, hey!" I hugged her back. When Leila and I had first met, we had gotten along right from the start. To tell the truth, Leila was the one who began our friendship. When she saw Percy and me arguing, she sympathized and offered her friendship. I accepted, and we became best of friends. Plus, we both knew what it was like to take care of a brother. We understood each other's feelings. When we pulled away, I saw Annabeth gazing at us, lost in thought. I imagined she was remembering the old days when our biggest worry was deciding how we wanted to win Capture the Flag. "I can't believe you're here!" Leila interrupted Annabeth's sentiments, squeezing my hand. "Neither can I." I scowled at my surroundings: The "Goode is good. Let's have a good year!" signs, the trio of mortal Drews, and the crowd of people who had attempted to go back to what they had been doing but failing as they kept throwing glances at me. As soon as I made eye contact, though, they flipped back to what they were doing before. Annabeth laughed at my reaction. "You're almost as bad as Percy," Leila commented, jabbing me in the ribs. I was immediately offended and crossed my gloved arms. I HATE being compared to Percy. "Come on, it is not THAT bad!" Leila raised her eyebrows for emphasis, and almost everyone's jaws dropped. Everyone knew from experience that Leila despises school. So when she said that, it was a huge surprise to all of us except Annabeth, who actually liked school and took pride in her straight A's. Well, except for when she gets kicked out courtesy Tartarus' monsters. Leila shrugged, bringing