Full Story Summary: After the Titian War, Annabeth & Nico go to stay with the Jackson twins, Percy and Leila, but they all find out quick that High School will not be as easy as they thought it would be. Can they survive projects, parties, and homecoming? With annoying Snobs, and visits from our favorite Hunter, High School might take every ounce of training they've got. (A/N: Hi to old and new peoples alike! Kimby is BACK! Ha-ha, okay I planned to just work on my Lightning Thief fanfic, but because I have to most awesome readers/reviewers in the universe, I decided that I will do the other side of my story From the Outside that so many people reviewed/PMed about it. {By the way: I love you all so much} So, just 'cause you're all so amazing, you can have Leila's POV if you want. Like I've said, I can't do Percy's and I'm not smart enough to do Annabeth's, and because I created Leila, I can easily write from her POV without any problems. It might be different then you were expecting, and I'm not sure everyone will love it, but I hope you all like it. :]) Phase 1 "Percy!" I screamed. "I'm going to kill you!" "You'll never catch me!" he shouted, running the out of the bedroom. He's dead, I thought, jumping out of bed. I slipped on my sneakers and some random clothes—praying to the gods they actually matched—and went tearing after him. "Percy!" I shrieked, storming into the kitchen with vengeance. "You are so dead!" "This is not my fault," he said, sticking the bucket in the cabinet under the sink. "You need to get up earlier." I quickly calculated how many times I could hit him for this—eight, maybe nine if I aimed right—but then decided sparring really wasn't what I wanted to do for the rest of the morning. "Whatever," I stated, "but next time you do that, you will pay." "What'd I miss?" Nico said, sliding into the room on his socks. He stopped himself by crashing into the counter and then started hopping from one foot to the other like he was ready for a monster attack. I shoved Nico away from the fridge and pulled open the door. "Leila wouldn't get up so I found a very effective way to get her out of bed," Percy told Nico with a smirk. "And by 'effective,'" I muttered, getting out the orange juice, "he means dumping a bucket of ice water all over me." "Well, it worked," Percy said, grabbing a cup from the cabinet behind his head and tossing it to me. "So yeah, it was effective." "Dude!" Nico laughed and high-fived my brother. "You should have warned me! I would have dug out my camera!" I pulled out some juice and then practically threw the carton back into the refrigerator. "And what would you have done with the video, Nico?" "Blackmail," he stated. I rolled my eyes. It was way too early for this. "Shut up," I told him. "My bed is soaked." "Then you should wake up earlier," Annabeth joined in as she leaned against the counter next to her boyfriend. "Traitor," I accused her. She shrugged and kissed my brother on the cheek. Percy grinned like an idiot and kissed Annabeth on her head. Nico and I faked gagged while Annabeth rolled her eyes. "We should go," she stated loudly, packing up her bag—probably got up early to get a head-start on homework or something—and throwing it over her shoulder. Nico groaned. "Already? We have tons of time!" "Yeah, come on," I agreed, putting my cup in the sink. "It's only 7:15." Annabeth nodded once, like she expected this argument—she probably had, but you can't blame us for trying, right?—and carefully explained her plan for the morning. "Yes, but if we get attacked on the way," she reasoned, "that's going to really make us late if you plan to leave—" "Fine, whatever," I interrupted. I always tried to avoid Annabeth's possible half-hour explanation of what could go wrong, but today, I was especially on edge. High school did that kind of stuff to me, I guess. I shuddered and reached for my backpack. "Oh, no. We had a bet, remember?" Nico reminded me with an evil glint in his eyes. "You have to carry a purse today since you lost." "You were serious?" I tried. I knew there was no way I was getting out of this, but the thought of carrying around a purse all day seemed like a total waste of energy. I mean, come on! When you're attacked by monsters almost everyday, you need to be prepared—and what if a monster attacks us? What the heck was I supposed to do with a purse? "Nice try," Nico told me while Percy nearly died of laughter. "Go find a purse." "I don't own a purse," I said smugly. He frowned then smiled. "Maybe Annabeth can lend you one," he said, gesturing towards a suddenly offended daughter of Athena. "You really think I own a purse?" she asked accusingly. Nico shrugged, unfazed by Annabeth's tone. "It was worth a try," he said. I mentally did a happy dance—no purse for me!—but then sobered up when I realized Nico would probably come up with something equally as annoying. "Well, actually, I do have an orange one my stepmom gave me," Annabeth—I wasn't sure whether to thank her or kill her—offered. "I've never used it, though." "You're using that one," Nico instructed, jabbing me in the ribs. I sighed. A deal is a deal, and we all took our bets pretty seriously, so there was no way out of this. I reluctantly started back toward the bedrooms when I remembered my own bet. I whirled around with a smirk. "Annabeth, aren't you forgetting something?" I taunted, with a glance toward her sneakers. "What—?" she stopped with wide eyes. "Heels," I stated, pointing at her shoes. "You have to wear them." She sighed and slowly dragged herself over to the bedrooms with me. "I can't believe you're making me do this," she stated, slipping off her sneakers. "Hey," I objected. "I wouldn't be carrying a purse today if it wasn't for you." "Trust me, Nico would have found a purse one way or another," she promised. I laughed and grabbed the only pair of heels the two of us owned as she searched around for her one and only purse. Okay, maybe we were pretty pathetic when it came to completely-girly-teenage stuff—one pair of heels and one purse? Probably not normal—but can you really judge us? After all, we spent our summer saving the world. "Here we go," I said slyly, pulling out a pair of four-inch flowered heels and holding them up. "Aww, they even match your outfit." "Well, so does your purse," Annabeth countered tossing me her orange purse. I scoffed, " My orange purse? I am not keeping this thing." Annabeth laughed and strapped the heels to her feet. "At least I'm almost as tall as Percy now," she commented, spinning around. "That's the spirit," I teased. "I want something to drink," I commented, tossing some drachmas and emergency nectar into the stupid purse. "Want to go to Starbucks since we have so much extra time?" "Hoping you would say that," she agreed. "I could go for something." "No boys," I told her. She smiled. "Of course not." Within the last two weeks, Annabeth and I started these special girls-only trips to the nearest Starbucks. It started about two days after we got back from camp. Living in a closed-up space with two teenage boys you're related to can really wear you down. Now, I grew up with a twin brother, but after he gets a girlfriend and your cousin moves in things can get a bit… crazy. (Percy and I once had a fight so big, our mom refers to it as "The Great Blender Incident of 2011.") Our mom and stepdad were cool about letting two more teenagers move in, but that's not all that surprisingly. Our mom has never turned down a kid in need, especially not Annabeth or Nico. Anyways, one night at about ten-thirty, Annabeth suggested we just get out of the house for a while since I was ready to murder Percy with fire and dance on his ashes. The two of us ended up sending about two hours just talking at Starbucks and ever since, we've gone there to get overpriced drinks and have some time away from boys. "Talked to Will lately?" Annabeth asked, taking a cautious sip of her tea—"Caffeine before school?" she said when I suggested she should get coffee. "You are crazy."—while we left Starbucks. "Actually, yeah," I said, running my fingers through my long hair. "He called me last night to wish me good luck with school." "That's good," she nodded, fighting a smug-looking smile. "Actually, I was really surprised," I admitted, biting my lip. Annabeth snorted. "Why? You two are dating." Sort of, I corrected her in my head. Yes, I liked Will and yes, he liked me back, but we had agreed that it wouldn't be a pressured relationship or anything. We're both just too close as friends for things to get weird. "See, we never talked about what we were going to do after I left camp," I explained, rolling my Cherry Coke bottle over and over in my hands. "We both sort of avoided that subject." "When he called you last night," Annabeth started in her most wise tone, "did he ask you what you had been doing?" "Yes," I said slowly, waiting for her to get to the point. "But I asked him that too." "Why? Afraid he had been hanging out with some Aphrodite girls while you were gone for the winter?" she teased, knowing exactly what I had been thinking. I hit her on the arm but still laughed. "Oh, please. We only dated for a few weeks." "You mean you've only been dating for a few weeks," she corrected with a wink. Sometimes, I still couldn't believe how funny and carefree Annabeth was. It had taken me almost five years to get to know her this well, and now, we didn't hold back. "You're nuts," I told her, shaking my head. "Me?" she protested. "All right, let's compare how nuts you think I am to every crazy stunt you and Percy have pulled over the last few years around the U.S.—" "Okay, okay," I stopped her, knowing who would this fight. "I get it." Annabeth gave one simple nod and brushed some unruly curls out of her eyes. "Are you still planning to get your hair cut?" I said, tugging on the end of her blonde hair. "Should I?" she replied absentmindedly, drinking more of her tea. "I don't know," I shrugged. "It's your hair." She raised her eyebrow. "Are you ever going to cut your hair?" "Probably not," I said, swinging me hair back and forth so it brushed against my ribs. "It's just going to keep getting longer and longer," Annabeth warned in a mocking tone. "You can barely deal with it being this long. What are you going to do when it's down to your knees?" I smirked and answered her as we walked up Goode High School's front steps. "Get a haircut," I said. She rolled her eyes. "How about when you get a haircut, so will I." "Deal," I agreed. Annabeth quickly finished the rest of her tea. She tossed it in the nearest trash can. "I'm going to go find Percy," she said. "I am not going into that building until I have to," I stated, taking a seat on one of the steps. She laughed. "Bye, Leila." "See you," I called. It was still a little strange to be getting along with Annabeth after the past few years of fighting but we became shockingly close a couple months