Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson or the main story line of this FANfiction. Thank you, TibbiToo for Beta-ing! :) One All right, first things first: whatever Percy told you, drop it. This is my side of the story and he can go pout in a corner about it for all I care. I don't want to hear 'Well, Percy said this' and 'Percy said that' through my entire story. If you are going to be one of those people, close the book now. Good. Now that that's all sorted, we can move on. I'm going to go ahead and correctly assume Percy-the-Pessimist already gave you the 'being-a-Half-blood-is-scary-and-ignore-it-until-you-can't' speech? Yeah, I thought so. Honestly, I really don't mind being a half-blood. Well, other than the fact you almost never go to the same school twice, never have that many normal friends, and you're countlessly being attacked by terrifying, blood-thirsty monsters that will stop at nothing to kill you… Yeah, except that—it's awesome. It can be scary at times for sure, but I still don't think I would trade it away for a normal life… even if I had the chance. My name is Leila Jackson and I am rare and dangerous half-blood. Although, probably not in the way you're thinking. This story could began with any weird experience in my small depressing life, but things went down right strange last May right before my brother and I got expelled from Yancy Academy. Yancy Academy was by far not a fun school to attend, but it did have some perks. Like all the field trips. None of them were extremely entertaining, but it gave us a chance to see the outside world once in a while. Nothing terribly bad had happened this year on any of our field trips. Yet. Not that I was expecting anything, but stuff usually goes crazy by now. See, field trips were all together a horrible experience. Not that they weren't interesting… we just usually get expelled early or something. Exhibit A: In the fourth grade our class went on a behind-the-scenes tour of Marine World. Everything was going fine until we got to the shark pool and Percy just so happened to lean against the lever that made us have a surprise swim-with-the-sharks tour. Exhibit B: Fifth grade we were at the Saratoga battlefield. Since we were extremely bored, Percy and I might have sneaked to the very back of the tour group and accidently set off a Revolutionary War cannon. Of course, it missed our completely evil History teacher by a few feet and hit the school bus instead. You get the picture. Percy was totally determined to be 'good' this trip but really, what happened didn't surprise me in the least. Before that day, I didn't question my reality at all. Everything was pretty normal. I was just one of twenty-eight 'special' kids that had been thrown onto a bus for the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York City. The field trips we took this year already had been pretty boring so far but this time it wasn't our horrid Science or History teacher's leading the tour, it was Mr. Brunner. Mr. Brunner was pretty cool. Or as cool as you can get being a teacher. He taught Latin and he usually found a way to make it as interesting as possible. Least I didn't have to worry about making sure Percy stayed awake in his classes. I had hoped since Mr. Brunner would be leading the tour, it would be an all right trip. Then I learned who the other teacher chaperone was. Mrs. Dodds. Okay, after our last teacher had some emotional breakdown, the school board must have sat down and decided we needed a harsher, stricter, math teacher because we got landed with Mrs. A. Dodds. (Don't ask me what the 'A' stands for. I have no clue.) I swear from the first day, she just decided to hate me. In about the first four seconds of class, she had managed to give both me and Percy double detention. That was a new personal best for me. But of course, if she chooses to hate someone, she's got to choose to love someone too, right? Right. And the person she chose was Nancy Bobofit; possibly the most annoying, stuck-up, disgusting twelve year old on the planet. No lie. I have proof. The whole way to the museum all she did was chuck pieces of her gross, ketchup and peanut butter sandwich at Percy and Grover. Lucky enough, I was in the seat behind them, and out of range. Percy's roommate, Grover, was a red-headed crippled boy who tried to get along with just about everyone in the world; even Nancy. I didn't share or understand the appeal. I couldn't care less if Nancy liked it when I punched her, as long as I got to punch her at all. "I'm going to kill her," Percy mumbled. One word that describes my brother more than any other… hmm, it'd got to be either 'oblivious' or 'loyal'. That boy hates it when someone he cares about is hurting and will do anything to make it stop, but he also has a lot of trouble seeing something that's straight up glaring at him in the face. "Wow, Perce," I told him. "We're not even halfway there, and you're already ready to murder someone." "Shut up," he snapped. "It's okay," Grover tried to assure him. "I like peanut butter." Like that was going to stop Percy. Yeah, good try, Grover. I had a different plan on how to try and stop my brother from getting us both in trouble. I sighed and stretched my leg out into the aisle a little. Percy got up. "That's it." He moved a little but promptly tripped over my leg and fell into the empty seat beside me. "What was that—," he started. "We're already on probation, Percy," I reminded him. "I don't want in school suspension too." "No one said you had to do anything," he replied irritably. "Yes," I nodded, "but do you really think I'm going to sit around while you beat up Nancy? No way would I pass up that chance." He sighed. "Mr. Jackson," Mrs. Dodds snapped, "go back to your assigned seat." I smiled as he rolled his eyes and reclaimed his seat next to Grover. Mr. Brunner led the tour through the museum from his motorized wheelchair, just riding along giving us one explanation after another description. All the Greek and Roman war stuff was kind of cool, but it seemed a whole lot older than five thousand years. I mean, sure, five thousand years was great; it was lucky to survive that long, but it still seemed older somehow. Eventually, my mind started to wander. According to the school's counselor, I'm supposed to stop, collect my thoughts, and rejoin reality when this begins to happen. Apparently, my ADHD messes with my head too much when I let my thoughts drift. When I was younger, I used to have hallucinations, but I haven't had those in a long time. Besides, I'm old enough to know just to keep my mouth shut about it if I ever do. I snapped back to the present when I heard Percy say: "Will you shut up ?" For one wild second, I was afraid I had started talking out loud while I was zoned out, but when I saw him glaring at Nancy, I relaxed. Then I realized that the comment must have come out louder than Percy meant it to, because Mr. Brunner had stopped talking about the Greek funeral art. Mr. Brunner raised an eyebrow at Percy. "Mr. Jackson, did you have a comment?" Percy glanced down. "No, sir." "Perhaps you'll tell us what this picture represents?" Mr. Brunner asked, pointing to a craving on a stele. I gazed at it and smiled. Percy knew this one, I was sure of it. "That's Kronos eating his kids, right?" Percy recognized. Mr. Brunner nodded. "Yes, and he did this because…?" "Well…" Percy paused for second before continuing. "Kronos was the king god, and—" "Titian," I muttered to him from under my breath. "Titian," Percy corrected then went on. "And… he didn't trust his kids, who were the gods. So, um, Kronos ate them, right? But his wife hid baby Zeus, and gave Kronos a rock to eat instead. And later, when Zeus grew up, he tricked his dad, Kronos, into barfing up his brothers and sisters—" "Eeew!" exclaimed some girl next to me. I decided to mess with her a bit, so I leaned over to her and gave her a very serious glare. "At least you weren't there." She threw me a wild look. "Freak!" I snickered at her panicked look and leaned away again. "—and the gods won," Percy finished, summing up about ten thousand years of History in less then five minutes. "Like we're going to use this in real life," Nancy Bobofit scoffed. "Like it's going to say on our job applications, 'Please explain why Kronos ate his kids.'" I crossed my arms in frustration and shifted my weight. Every second Nancy got more annoying—in school suspension looked better. "And why, Mr. Jackson, to paraphrase Miss Bobofit's excellent question," Brunner continued, "does this matter in real life?" I smirked as Grover muttered, "Busted." "Shut up," Nancy mumbled in embarrassment. "I don't know, sir," Percy answered, some of the snickering had been silenced. Mr. Brunner sighed as if he expected better. "Well, half-credit, Mr. Jackson. Zeus did indeed feed Kronos a mixture of mustard and wine, which made him disgorge his other five children, who, of course, being immortal gods, had been living and growing up completely undigested in the Titan's stomach." I couldn't help but grimace at that piece of information—growing up in someone's stomach did not rank high on my list of Top 10 Best Childhoods in History. "The gods defeated their father, sliced him to pieces with his own scythe, and scattered his remains in Tartarus, the darkest part of the Underworld," Mr. Brunner concluded. "On that happy note, it's time for lunch. Mrs. Dodds, would you lead us back outside?" "Ready?" I asked Percy and Grover, as the rest of the class started outside. "Sure," Percy agreed. "Let's-" "Mr. Jackson," Mr. Brunner interrupted. "Knew that was coming," Percy muttered. "You guys go ahead. I'll catch up soon." I shrugged and started to the door with Grover. Our class was directed to sit on the first steps of the museum for lunch, where we could receive the lovely view of noonday rush hour traffic on Fifth Avenue. "You know what," I started, as Grover and I sat down on the edge of the fountain, "I've lived in this city all my life and there is one thing I never understood." "What's that?" Grover asked, chewing on a piece of his sandwich. "Why we call the time of day when traffic is the slowest, 'rush hour'." I shrugged and opened my lunch. "It just doesn't make sense." He laughed a little. "You're a funny girl, Leila." "I know," I stated, leaning back to look at the sky. "Think it'll rain?" Grover eyed the black clouds above us. "No telling." "The weather's been so weird since Christmas," I commented. "Oh, well. Guess we can blame global warming or something." Just then, Percy appeared. He huffed down next to me, looking all depressed. I sighed and offered him my sandwich. He smiled as thanks, and took it. "Detention?" Grover asked. "Nah," Percy swallowed. "Not from Brunner. I just wish he'd lay off me sometimes. I mean—I'm not a genius." "You can say that again," I teased. Percy hit me in the arm and tried to glare, but I could see he was fighting a smile, so it was okay. Percy glanced at Grover. When Grover finally met our gaze I thought he was going to give us some important speech