A/N: So this is my first story here, and I'm kind of just testing this out. This is kind of super cliché, but it's really fun to write. I thought that this plot would be good for a simple first story. Please feel free to point out any mistakes (nicely). And now, onto my beautiful OTP! :) (I hope I'm not too bad at this, and if I am, sorry in advance!) Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and the Olympians belongs to Rick Riordan, and sadly, I am not him. Then maybe I would know the end of The Blood of Olympus by now. The sun was shining as I stepped into Goode High for the first day of the school year. I was a junior this year, and I was both nervous and excited. I knew that this year would be important for my future, but I was also excited to have a great year with all my friends. I took the sunshine as a good omen, and felt confident as I crossed the threshold into Goode. I felt like a sardine as I made my way through the crowded halls to my locker in the juniors' section. As I walked, I looked around at my surroundings. I was in the freshmen's locker area, and most of the little ninth graders looked like they wanted to throw up at the prospect of high school. They reminded me of myself when I was their age, and I could barely suppress an amused smile. The walls of the school were adorned with motivational posters that were meant to boost school spirits, but with cheesy sayings printed all over them like Goode is good, all they did was make you want to laugh at how pathetic they were. When I saw adults in the crowd as well, I knew I had arrived at the juniors' locker area. The juniors' lockers were notoriously close to the main office of the school, and parents and faculty always passed by. It kind of sucked, because if you were too loud around your locker, you would be put in detention for "disturbing the main office". Which was complete bullshit, because everybody knew that the faculty never actually got any work done there. Once, a group of students walked in on a Ping-Pong competition in there, and another time, they were throwing a huge party with a ton of baked goods. I reached my locker and opened it, eager to get rid of the hundreds of pounds of textbooks and freshly bought school supplies I had been lumbering around with all morning. I looked into a mirror I had placed there in orientation, and made sure I looked good, because honestly, I felt like a zombie. My wavy, light brown hair was pulled into a stylish ponytail, and my makeup was perfectly done and made my clear blue eyes pop. Yep, still looked good. I was wearing a nice t-shirt, some skinny jeans, and black converse. Technically, I was the most popular girl in school, but that didn't mean I should just forsake all sense of decency. I always tried to be nice to others and get good grades. I liked to think that everybody was my friend, and that's what made me so popular. My train of thought was ruined by a loud voice, "Hey, Sanders!" I turned around to see one of my best friends, Jake Reid, walking over to me with his dark brown eyes twinkling, along with another one of my best friends, his girlfriend, Em Banks, who promptly ran up to me and tackled me in a hug, screaming, "Lynn! Oh my God, how was your summer?" "Can't – breathe," I choked out under her mess of red hair, and Em looked sheepish as she let go and muttered, "Sorry." The commotion attracted the rest of our group of friends, and we all grinned as we exchanged greetings and caught up. All of us made up the popular group, but we all tried to be really nice. We all did swimming, and we were the best in the school at it. Our group of friends was made up of five people: Jake Reid, Em Banks, Isabelle Penn, Tyler Blair, and me, Lynn Sanders. Out of all of them, my best friend is probably Tyler, the most popular guy in school. I'd known him since I was six, and he was like a brother to me. He was cute, with his short blond hair, light brown eyes, and toned muscles for swimming, but he'd never gone out with anybody before. He and I told each other everything, and we were practically inseparable. I didn't ask him what he did over the summer, because we had spent almost all of it together. Isabelle soon switched to her favorite topic, gossip. She's really kind, but she just loves knowing everything about everyone's personal life. It's funny to watch, actually, because whenever she gossips, her hazel eyes light up in this unique way that lets us know what's on her mind. "Hey, guys," she said with a slightly lowered voice and a particularly bright twinkle in her eye that let me know she thought something was especially interesting. "There's a new junior who just walked into the main office, and everybody's talking about him." "Really? A new guy? Goode almost never lets anybody in after ninth," Jake said. "Yeah, I know, but I caught a tiny glimpse at him, and he's definitely new, because a guy like him would be impossible to forget," Isabelle said. "A guy like him ?" Em asked, with eyebrows twitched up in amusement. "If you saw him, you would be talking about him, too. This guy was hot . Like, he made all the other boys in our grade look ugly, no offense to you two," she responded, gesturing to Jake and Tyler. Before either could come up with some witty retort, I piped up, "Well, if this guy is the hot god you make him out to be, what does he look like? Spill." Isabelle just pushed a caramel colored strand of hair back and stared at us with a smirk, "Oh, you'll see. I bet we'll have some classes with him. Then we'll talk." Tyler opened up his mouth, no doubt to say some sarcastic remark in response, but the bell cut him off. I finished changing my books, and we all scrambled away from our lockers and to homeroom. As I walked, I looked over at Isabelle and noticed a mischievous look in her eye, like she was a scientist eagerly awaiting our reaction. I started feeling curious. Who was this new kid? I had homeroom with Em, and there was no sign of any new junior, attractive or not. Our homeroom teacher started talking about school rules and expectations in the upcoming year, and everyone quickly zoned out. I was sitting in the back of the class, doodling, when Em silently called my name from next to me, "Lynn!" I really shouldn't have expected anything less. Em got bored easily, and she loved to talk in class. She got called out on it at least ten times a quarter, but the teachers never actually gave her a detention. Em was the sweetest person on Earth, and whenever she got in trouble she always looked like a puppy that had just been scolded. Just about everybody crumpled under her gaze, and teachers would just sigh and turn around to begin teaching again, mumbling about how that'd better be the last time. I don't know how Jake stood a chance against his girlfriend, but somehow, he occasionally won arguments. I tried to ignore Em as she repeatedly whispered my name, but I broke as I looked at her to tell her off and was stopped by her pleading, dark blue eyes. "Ugh, Em. What do you want? Can't you tell that I have more important things to do like trying to doodle this masterpiece of a flower?" I whispered back as I held up the half-drawn tulip doodle that was badly scrawled onto my assignment notebook. Hey, not everybody could be good at art. Some of us just got stuck in the stick figures stage all our lives. Em giggled and replied, "Oh yes, I'd hate to disturb the glorious Picasso in the midst of his burst of inspiration." I glared at Em's sarcasm, but she just smirked back at me. The teacher told us to write our goals for Junior Year, and after quickly jotting some crap about "becoming my true self" and "achieving self-actualization," I turned the paper in and headed back to my desk, where Em was tapping her fingers impatiently against the desk, having already finished a while ago. I tugged on one of Em's red curls, and she turned to face me. "So, what did you want to tell me earlier?" I quietly asked her. "Oh, yeah," Em started. "It's about the new guy. Isabelle totally wasn't making it up. My locker is right next to the main office, and according to like, ten sources, this guy is a total god ." "Em, you do realize that you have a boyfriend, right? And you guys are the cutest couple in school, and if you break up, the school will go into a complete state of chaos." "Oh, Lynn. Just because I have a boyfriend doesn't mean I can't appreciate hotness." I rolled my eyes and turned back in my seat, eagerly waiting for the bell to ring. When it did, Em and I rushed out and headed to our next class, AP Latin, which we were happy to find out we had together. Entering the classroom, we saw Jake, Isabelle, and Tyler seated at the back, and our faces broke out into grins as we went to join them. I sat next to Tyler, and Em sat down between Jake and Isabelle. "So, did you succeed in your search to find the hot new guy?" Tyler asked me in a mocking tone. "Nope," I responded. "Did you find him?" "Alas, the epic quest for the new kid has yet to yield results." "Somebody's feeling poetic today," I grumbled. "Did Isabelle or Jake see anybody new?" "We all have homeroom together, so I'm sure that they haven't seen him around." "I'm starting to doubt the existence of this guy." "Minute thirty-two, the mysterious new kid continues to elude the students in the dangerous and violent environment of high school. Rumors have it that it is a particularly attractive specimen, but there is no solid evidence to back up the statement as of yet. We must not abandon all hope, for it is all we have," Tyler responded in a voice that sounded like it could've belonged in a British documentary on the savannah. We burst out laughing, and then the teacher walked in. Everybody took out their new books and supplies, prepared to start their first class of the year. The teacher, a middle-aged woman, wrote her name, Mrs. Adams, on the board and turned to face us. "Hello, class," she began. "My name is Mrs. Adams, and this year I will be teaching you AP Latin. Today, I will tell you about the course and what is expected from you, the student. Primarily, this class will be about the Latin language, but we will also cover Ancient Greek during the first semester. We will study the ancient cultures of Rome and Greece, and hopefully, by the end of the course, you will come to fully appreciate what I have taught you. Now, I will pass out a detailed outline of the course as well as student guidelines and expectations. We will read –" All of a sudden, Mrs. Adams was broken off by a knock on the door. The half of the class that wasn't half asleep looked up in curiosity, and a flustered Mrs. Adams went to open the door. Mrs. Adams opened it, and