A/N: So this is an idea that I've had since the end of the Blood of Olympus. Basically this is a story about Leo and Calypso and their journey once they leave Ogygia. There will be some old and new characters incorporated, and they all have a mythological background. It will be a lot like the actual series in terms of plot, and I will try to use Riordan's writing style as much as possible. I will post the chronology and the main character's ages later on, once the characters themselves find out when everything is happening. This is going to be from Leo's point of view the entire story, so you will find out everything with him. I don't really want to do a Calypso POV because I'm afraid I'll screw up her character, and she's so amazing the way Riordan wrote her. Probably the most important thing you have to understand before you begin is that this is not a one-shot about Leo and Calypso returning to camp. No. This is a multi-chapter story with a plot and the rest of the Seven and friends will be shown very little, if at all. Leo and Calypso might not even return to camp. You'll have to read to find out. The main struggle is important only to Leo and Calypso and whatever side characters I have decided to include. Got it? Good. I'll repeat it one more time to make sure. THIS IS NOT A ONE-SHOT ABOUT LEO AND CALYPSO'S RETURN TO CAMP AND THEIR REUNION WITH THEIR FRIENDS. Thanks! Warning: BoO SPOILERS Disclaimer: I am not Rick Riordan, and I do not own PJO or HOO. Leo didn't really have any idea what he was doing. Which wasn't a good thing, considering he was flying on a rapidly deteriorating bronze metal dragon whose navigational systems hadn't worked since he'd left Ogygia earlier that day. He didn't know where he was or even what day or what year it was, and being dead for gods-knew-how-long wasn't really helping him make any estimates. From what he could tell about his surroundings, it was night. That was pretty much it. The dragon's heat made it hard to tell what temperature it really was. The few times he had taken Festus under the cloud cover before sunset, all Leo had seen were forests stretching into the horizon. The terrain had been hilly, and Leo had a bad feeling that he had been flying in circles like some demented bird of prey for hours. He really didn't want to know what the mortals were thinking, if there were any. There hadn't been any signs of civilization, either. What Leo did know aside from that was pathetically limited. He knew he had to fix Festus, his bronze dragon, for one thing. Leo still couldn't believe the dragon was back in his old form again, but it was clear from the way Festus was tilting dangerously to one side and smoking from several holes that time was running out. Leo needed to make some repairs, and fast. He didn't even know where he could find celestial bronze either, because according to Festus's scans, there wasn't any in the area. Which was weird, because Celestial Bronze was always hidden in scraps just about everywhere, if you knew how to look. Old heroes tended to throw away their weapons after any tiny defect. Leo thought that was completely stupid, but hey, that meant more scrap bronze for him. Leo just hoped he would be able to find some before they came crashing down in a fiery ball of hero and metal. Leo also knew that, as cheesy as it sounded, he would be okay with Calypso at his side. Leo knew Piper would go into fits of happiness if she ever heard him say that, but it was true. Watching Calypso slumped forward, sleeping face-down on his shoulder, her caramel hair slowly rising and falling with each deep breath, made a warm feeling rise up in Leo's chest. He had done it; he had saved her from her paradise prison. He had done what Odysseus hadn't done; heck, he had done what Percy Jackson hadn't done, and that guy had done everything . Watching Calypso, he began thinking about his future, something that he had been running away from his whole life. He thought about the repair shop the two would open in the United States, the family he would finally be a part of. He could almost see himself and Calypso growing older – wait a minute. Leo felt a weird panicky feeling growing in his throat, like he had eaten too much of those spicy chips his mom used to buy him when he was younger. As far as he knew, he was fifteen years old now, but Calypso couldn't be more than sixteen in biological age, and she would probably stay like that forever. That was what Leo liked to call a seriously long time. Sure, she had said that she didn't know if she would remain immortal or not, but she was the daughter of Atlas and Tethys, two Titans. Minor or not, she was a Titaness (Yes, Leo had looked her up in the Argo II. No, it wasn't weird!). Leo couldn't stay with a sixteen-year-old until he was old, because he was pretty sure that would make him a creep. Leo added another thing to his to-do list: Figure out the mortality situation. That officially made his list two items long, including the whole dragon repair problem. It was times like this that he could really use Annabeth, even though she was a pretty scary person. Leo was so lost in his thoughts that he didn't hear Festus until it was too late. He didn't notice the dragon's unusually soft creaks until he noticed that they were losing altitude quickly. Leo cursed and rapidly snapped to attention. Celestial Bronze below. Lots of it, Festus wheezed in his metallic language. The dragon continued to fall, but now he was losing control over his descent. They were losing altitude faster and faster, and Leo started panicking. He reached for his Archimedes sphere, but he hesitated when he saw Calypso, still asleep, painfully oblivious to the fact that they were headed for what was likely to be a fiery and painful death. She looked so adorable, Leo felt bad for wanting to disturb her. He was so caught up staring at her that he jumped when her head suddenly snapped up. "Dang it, Leo!" she yelled over the wind roaring in their ears. "Stop staring at me like an idiot and try to save us!" Leo frantically took out some tools and began to work on Festus's circuits. "Sorry, Sunshine! Don't worry, Commander Tool Belt has everything over control!" He fiddled with some circuitry in Festus's head, but there was only so much he could do falling at terminal velocity over some forested landscape. All he was thinking about as he worked as hard as he could was that he would not lose Calypso or Festus again, and he would certainly not die this death, which was much too anticlimactic for Leo's taste. If Leo was being honest, dying because his dragon crashed sounded too boring. Actually, it sounded pretty cool, but that wasn't the point. Calypso leaned forward and screamed something into his ear, which sounded like a whisper against the roaring winds. "Look down!" Peering over the side of the dragon, Leo almost felt like crying with joy. There was a huge garden covering a big portion of the hills, lit up by some artificial lighting system. Leo couldn't really make out any details, but it was big and flat enough for him to have a shot at landing safely. He meddled with a few more wires, praying to all the gods of Olympus that he would finish on time as the lights below got brighter and brighter as they came closer and closer. When he was sure there was almost no time left, he managed to pull Festus up into a steep coast. Although they were still going fast, they were going slow enough to make a relatively safe landing. It wouldn't be a pretty landing, and Festus would need to be repaired afterward, but nobody would get seriously hurt, and Festus would be able to make a full recovery. Probably. Calypso reached out and hugged Leo, and Leo hugged her back. She smelled like cinnamon, as always, and it was strangely comforting to Leo. The ground came closer with an almost human whistling sound, or maybe that was just their screams. Yeah, it was their screams. They hugged each other tighter, and Leo didn't even get a good view of the garden before the world faded into darkness. For once, Leo didn't have any dreams. He wondered if maybe this was a side effect of dying. If so, did that mean that there were other cool side effects? Because that would definitely be a bright side to the whole situation. Before he could continue to ponder the subject, however, he fell into an even darker sleep. When Leo woke up, he thought he had reached Elysium. He was lying down in the edge of one of the most beautiful gardens he had ever seen. The sun was seated right above the horizon, and it was growing bigger by the minute, like a balloon being pumped up. The garden itself was made with huge fields of the most beautiful flowers Leo had ever seen, most of which he couldn't recognize. Dotting the iridescent meadows were marble statues of Ancient Greek people. These statues slightly concerned Leo, because they all had looks of pure agony on their faces, and they were so lifelike, they looked like they had been made out of the past demigods that had crashed into the area. Leo brushed off his concern and looked into the distance, where he saw a tiny castle on the horizon. Leo couldn't make out any details, but aside from it, there seemed to be no other places were there could be human civilization. He doubted that there were people hiding out nearby, waiting for him in the elegant gazebos with fruit smoothies and tasty snacks. Still lying down, Leo turned his head, and instantly regretted it. Pain flared up from every part of his body, but it was a dull, throbbing pain, like he was extremely sore. The good thing was that he probably didn't have any major wounds, but he was too afraid to check. Behind him, there was a huge forest, but there was something slightly off about it, like it wasn't exactly a forest the way Leo knew it. Leo squinted his eyes and looked closer. He wasn't sure, but was that bamboo in the background? Where exactly was he? Was this some weird, giant Chinese restaurant? Leo wasn't sure he wanted to find out. Leo stayed lying down for a while as the sun slowly crept over the horizon. He felt himself getting slowly better and better, and that was when he realized that there was an angelic voice singing next to him. The melody was ancient, and the power of the words flowed through him and reinvigorated him with every note. Leo guessed that he hadn't noticed because it fit so perfectly with the beautiful garden ahead of him, he had accepted it as part of the Elysian scene. He looked up and realized that his head was on Calypso's lap, and that she was where the singing voice was coming from. She probably looked a lot better than him, because she was up and alert. Her head was swiveling around as she sang softly, like a baby that had just seen the world for the first time. Her eyes were wide, and she was drinking in the scene eagerly. She looked so cute that Leo broke out into a grin, which hurt, but not as much