Stephenie Meyer still is, and always will be, the proud owner of Twilight and its characters. Like I am of these and this, no matter how much some think I shouldn't be. And now that that's out of the way... WELCOME! And back. We're a small, intimate group now, I think, but that's okay with me. There's no room here for anything but LOVE. And before we get to that, I'm going to issue a plea of sorts: BEAR WITH ME. Because, while absolutely still the best decision, trying to figure out how and where to start this was NERVE-RACKING. It stressed me out more than anyone could imagine. But what's down below is what I came up with. Just please don't read the first couple of sentences and get frustrated with me and think nothing has changed. I promise it has, and will be different and more and all of those things I said it would before we left you last time. But if you're here to read this, then perhaps you have at least a little faith in me. So, thank you for that. And I now present to you... Right There. Chapter One: Show and Tell Isabella "You know, Isabella, if you go blind from staring at that thing, you won't even be able to see the aisle you're so nauseatingly excited to walk down, let alone the unworthy bastard standing at the end of it." " Alice ," is all I need to say to shut my brother up. And turn his focus off of me and on to her. "Damn it, woman, will you stop hitting me?!" "Maybe someday... but not today. Because today you're annoying your sister." "She'd have to be paying attention to me for me to do that. And to do that , she'd have to stop staring at her hand, which she hasn't stopped doing since she came home with something on it that nearly killed me almost a year ago." Key word in that? Nearly . Which means my brother is still here, alive and well, in all of his annoying glory. And will be somewhere else–if he wants to stay alive and well–to walk me down that aisle he mentioned in just a few weeks. To hand me over to that perfect, beautiful man who will be standing at the end of it. Smiling at me. Like he's doing now as he walks into our kitchen and sees me staring at my favorite present ever. Again. But stops doing–like I do–so that he can kiss me. Which is really my favorite present... EVER... And one I get to open every day... "Hi, Peanut Butter Cup," he murmurs softly, and with that smile back on his lips the second they pull away from mine. "Hi," I murmur back, ignoring the loud, ANNOYING throat-clearing from somewhere beyond us. And then "Sorry." Because while I was again staring at my stunningly beautiful promise of our future, I was also popping miniature Reese's cups into my mouth like there was no tomorrow at all. "Sorry for what? Peanut butter is my second favorite flavor." "Sorry for nothing if you tell me your first," I tell him. Because I know what it is... "My first is the same as all of the other important firsts in my life... you ." See why I wanted him to tell me? "That first better refer to lips ." Jasper interrupts my swooning, earning him another smack from Alice, a scowl from Edward, and a "Shut up" from me. But not only. "And worry about your own firsts, and your own lips, and Alice's if you wish, but ONLY, because ours are none of your business." "The hell they're not. You're not out of this house yet, and as long as you–and your lips–aren't, everything IS." "It's almost yet, right?" I ask Edward, instead of responding to my brother's inability to let go of the now that he wants to last forever. "I promise it is." "Well, if you promise then I can tough it out." "I hope so... " he tells me, looking at me in that Edward way... The sweet with a side of evil... That I can't wait to get my first real taste of. And second. And... " ...And I'm not sorry for that at all." "Isabella, if you don't tell me where you want to go, we might not be going anywhere at all." "I'd be okay with that. Not going anywhere... " "Ouch." As if, Mr. Masen... "I don't mean I don't want a honeymoon with you, Edward. I can't wait for that. I just... " "You just what, sweetheart?" he asks after a moment, because I didn't finish. Because this is one of those things I'm afraid he'll think is silly. Or childlike. Or just... "Tell me." "I don't care where we go... anywhere you pick... anywhere at all with you... alone... will be perfect. I really just... just... " "Are you nervous? Or afraid? Of alone with me?" "No," I tell him. Because I'm not. I'm excited... so excited ... "I'm not either of those things. Even if I should be." "I didn't say you should be, sweetheart. I don't want you to be... but it would certainly be understandable if you were the first." "But I'm not." "Then why are we having this conversation again? Why the stalling?" "I'm not stalling. And I told you several times I'd go anywhere you picked. And be happy... " "Yes, and then always immediately after you did, changed the subject by asking me if our house would be finished in time." "That's because that part does matter to me. Going there with you. Alone." "I want it to be ready, too, Isabella. Of course I do. And for the most part it is, but a few things just weren't quite perfect. For you. So I ordered some changes. Little things, but important, because everything for you is to me. And I promise you that by the time we get back from wherever we go, it will be ready." "But I want it to be ready before ." "I don't know if that–" "Please, Edward? Can you make it?" "Tell me why, sweetheart. Why before is so important?" I bite my lip and look down at our hands. Mine are held tightly in his, and he's on his knees in front of me. Looking up at me with a want and a willingness in every part of him to give me everything I want. Make everything perfect for me. Because he knows me. Inside and out. He understands me. And is understanding more every day. So much so that I don't have to answer his question now. He just needed a little time to answer it for himself. And me. And tell me I don't have to. And that he doesn't think the why is silly. Or too childlike. As one of his understanding hands frees mine. And then my lip. "You want the first night we spend as husband and wife to be in our house." I look into his beautiful green eyes and nod. "Is it possible? For me to have that perfect? Even if something else isn't to you? Little things...?" "It is now. Now that I understand." "I just... I don't want the first... well, I don't want it to be where anyone else has ever been. And certainly not in a bed that... um... " "Neither do I, beautiful. And it won't be. And you don't have to say anything else." "Yes I do. And, unlike that, saying this is easy... "I love you. And I can't wait to be your wife. In every way. And anywhere... after I am in ours ." "Knock knock... whatcha doin?" Edward brought me home an hour ago. And when we walked in, Jasper and Alice were making out on the couch like a couple of horny teenagers. It made me laugh. Because my brother is always very careful about those things. Ridiculously careful. And it drives Alice nuts. And me, frankly. Not that I want–or wanted–to see anything like I did when we came in... But I would like to see something . Him show her some kind of affection at all. Alice is completely head over heels in love with my brother. And he's crazy about her, I know he is, and so does she... so does everyone in our little circle... but no one else would know it if they ever saw him with her and me. Like he has to set some kind of example for me or something... a Don't touch example. If they're in this house. Rules that don't exist if they're in hers. Though I could have done without her telling me about that... I shake off the shudder that brought and look up at her, and finally answer her question. "I was just thinking about my wedding day... and night." "I'd be thinking about it too if I was marrying– nevermind. Don't hurt me. Instead, tell me why in the hell you just shuddered thinking about it?" "I didn't. I shuddered because sometimes you talk too much about your nights and– like you said, nevermind." She laughs and then sits down on my bed with a pout. "You Hales are as mean as you are irresistible." "Well, that second part is what I was really thinking about. You know... that I want to be." "Irresistible? On your wedding night? Oh, honey, trust me... he isn't going to resist anything. Or any irresistible part of you. He couldn't possibly with the way he adores you. And sure as hell not after how long he's waited to." "No... I don't doubt that... " At all... "I just really want to look . Before he doesn't." "I was at your bridal shower, Bella... and the only time or place I've ever seen more sexy lingerie than then and there, was in a store for it. Just take your pick from that haul, honey, and you will ." "But that's just it, Alice... I'd already picked something. Bought... for myself... and him... before you guys gave me any of that." "Then wear it, sweetie. You have a lifetime to wear the rest for him." "It's what I was planning to do... why I bought it... but now... after getting that haul... from every one of you who knows more about that kind of irresistible than I do... I'm not sure he'll like what I picked." "Why would you think he might not?" "Because what I picked is... different . Than all of the haul." "Different, huh? Let me guess... sweeter ?" I bite my lip and nod, and she puts her arm around me. "I happen to know, as you very well do, that Edward loves that part of you. And I don't even have to see what you picked to know that he'll love it , too." Good, because I'm not showing it to you or anyone.. . "But–" "No, honey. No buts. He will. And don't let that haul make you think any differently... we're just a bunch of sex-crazed pervs." "Rose's presents actually scared me. Well, the ones besides the shoes." "Those shoes are FABULOUS. And just a suggestion... I know they were meant to be worn with your also-fabulous dress... but it doesn't mean you can't put them back on... later ." Later? Well, they would be pretty with that sweet thing I picked... "But as for her other presents... Don't be scared, sweetie, that girl's just a freak." "I knew that already." "Yeah, I'm sure you did. And you know, while we're on the subject of freaks, I kind of miss Emmett... " We both bust out laughing, because she's right... he is freakish. In a lovable sort of way. And a big. And not around nearly as much as he used to be. Unlike someone else. Who's also freakishly lovable. Though not