Second Choice I'm getting married in three days. I'm finally going to make someone Mrs. Edward Cullen. That's what my mother has to say about it, anyway. Finally . That, and It's about time . And Your bachelorhood was going to send me to an early grave . And And do so with me grandchildrenless . As you can perhaps see, my mother is a little dramatic. I'm not her only child. Not her only chance at grandmotherhood. She has two other children. Granted, my sister Alice has more 'delicate' tastes in all things romantic, and forever, etc… But she and Leah could adopt. Or go to a sperm bank or something. And my brother Emmett has been in a committed relationship with his girlfriend Angela for three years. He's going to marry her someday and probably give my parents more grandchildren than they could ever dream of. Really, God help Angela, because I once heard him say that he wanted to breed his own football team. Yes, he actually said breed . Granted, I think he was drunk at the time, but it's not that far out of the realm of normal What the fuck? commentary from him. And, as for my bachelorhood, as my mother termed it, it wasn't anything that would have killed her, or shamed her or my father in any way. I wasn't out galavanting around with different women every night, or even every week or month. My life was quite the opposite, actually. And that opposite was what had been killing her. I chose to live in solitude for a time. Six years, in fact, I believe it had been, at the time that I met Rosalie Hale. Rosalie Hale-about-to-be-Cullen. I wasn't looking for anyone or anything, wasn't tired of or fed up with my solitary existence, though I admit it was sometimes frustrating ... And it wasn't love at first sight when we met–I've been struck by that lightning bolt before and barely lived to tell about it, or to anything at all–I think it was just two people that seemed to click. To fit together in some way that felt right, and too right, and too perfectly so to ignore. I met Rosalie through her brother, and close friend of mine, Jasper. His girlfriend Carmen was throwing him a huge surprise birthday bash–which no detail of was a surprise at all to him, because you can't surprise or keep secrets from Jasper Hale, the man is psychic or something–and bringing his sister Rosalie home from abroad to attend it was her pride and joy gift to him. Jasper had talked about his sister many times, more than I could ever count, I'm sure, during the course of our friendship, but I'd never met her because she'd taken off to Europe when she was nineteen and, other than coming home for Christmas once or twice, to keep their mother from her grave, never looked back. Never, that is, until the day she didn't get on her plane after her for-him visit. Or didn't stay on it, I should say. Because she got off of it. And did look back. Because of me. I had taken her to the airport, but not only because Jasper couldn't. I took her because I wanted to. We'd spent a great handful of days, and nights, though innocently, together since meeting and hitting it off at Jasper's party. Rosalie was like no one I'd ever known or met before. She was free and vibrant and alive, a pure breath of fresh air in every sense, and she was positively infectious. Carmen had asked me if we could have Jasper's party at my house, and on my stretch of beach, and I'd told her no problem. And a spirited and fun–and sun –loving Rose had taken to the second instantly, and after I'd told her she was welcome to it any time, there wasn't a morning after that I didn't wake up and see her basking in it through my windows. I'd see her frolicking in the early morning surf, or dancing to a beat only she could hear on the wet sand, or constructing some wildly imaginative creation from it... And I'd rush out to join her, unable to resist or stop myself. She was happy for the company, and I was just plain happy for the first time in a long. Because I was in hers. The days flew by and the nights flew in, carried on breezes of laughter. And those carefree days and nights were magical... But, like everything else good in life, they far too soon came to an end. It was time for Rose to go back to the home she had chosen, and leave me again alone and laughless in mine. I'd felt a strange pull on my heart when I hugged her goodbye, and a downright tug as I watched her walk away from me and through the gate, her long, dark-but-sun-kissed hair swaying, waving its own goodbye to me, and it immobilized me for a while. I didn't move from that spot I stood in, for how long I can't say, and was still in it when she came running back to it. And to me, with a breathless "You're still here." "Something told me not to go," I'd told her. "Me too," she'd said. And then we stood there, just looking at each other. And smiling, until she broke the terminable but not silence. "Tell me it was the same something, Edward." "It was the same something," I'd said easily, as sure as I'd ever been about anything. And the most beautiful smile I'd ever seen in my life spread across her face, solidifying that sureness. "Now tell me that my brother won't be the only person happy that my plane just left without me." I took a step closer to her and pulled her carry on bag from her shoulder. "A lot of people will be happy, Rose…" I said, and lifted it onto my own. "They just won't, like your brother won't, be the first to be." "Tell me who the first will be," she'd said, though she at that moment surely knew the answer. The answer that I wasn't afraid or too proud to give her. "The first is me." And because I wasn't, and was, we shared our first kiss right there in the middle of the crowded airport, with people coming and going to and from their destinations all around us. That was two years ago. The best two years of my life. Rosalie Hale changed everything for me. I went from living a quiet and content existence to actually living . My tranquil seaside home that once merely felt peaceful to me became everything but, and in the best possible way. I looked forward to every sunrise, and have seen most of them, with Rose delighting in their beauty right beside me. Many times because we were still up delighting in life and each other. I don't have a 'traditional' job; my father's hope of my following in his footsteps and going to medical school was dashed right along with my hope for a life full of love and bliss when I was just nineteen. I wasn't even a man yet, but I was sure I'd found the woman of my dreams at the young, know-it-all age of seventeen. I fell in love with Bella Swan the first moment I saw her in the school cafeteria one fateful day of my junior year in high school. It was her first day, having just moved to live with her dad because her flighty mother wanted to take flight… Every guy in the school was tripping over himself to get near her as I sat at my table with my friends and watched. And watched her , the girl who had immobilized me with her beauty. We made eye contact at some point, and then, the next thing I knew, she was sitting next to me smiling at me. And there wasn't a day between that one and our last the following year that she wasn't. And after what I thought was a perfect post-graduation summer, we even went to the same university, sharing a small apartment just off campus. Living with Bella was amazing. It's what I thought at the time, anyway. And it probably had at least had something to do with being able to have sex whenever we wanted to without having to sneak around behind our parents' backs… Bella had her share of faults and quirks like anyone else, I certainly know that now, but in my young and blinded by love and sex then eyes she could do no wrong. I thought she was perfect. I thought I had it all. And I wanted the whole world to know it. And for Bella to proudly tell it. I proposed to her on Christmas morning sitting in our pajamas in front of our little tree in our apartment. I'd wrapped the ring box and put it inside of a parade of bigger ones, the last, and the first she opened, being bigger than the tree itself. And she was enjoying the game until she got to my gift. She hadn't even opened it yet, merely held it still wrapped in her hands, and the enjoyment completely left her. She shook her head back and forth, not even looking at me, and said "You didn't buy me a ring did you?" I had, of course, just like I'd stupidly thought she'd be happy I had, and excitedly told her to open it. She obliged me, and, thinking back, I still don't understand why she did so, but then, after ripping the paper off and opening the box and actually looking at the ring, she ripped my heart out by shoving it into my hand and saying, very coldly, "Well, you shouldn't have." I watched her get up and kick at the wrapping paper and opened boxes decorating our floor, too stunned for a while to react. It was only after she calmly called out, with her back to me as she walked away, "You ruined everything. You and your stupid, suffocating, traditional love" that I moved, jumping up and rushing after her. I followed her into our bedroom and pleaded for understanding as she grabbed clothes from the closet and drawers. She never answered me, never said a word, and stormed into our bathroom and slammed the door in my face as I tried to again follow her. I couldn't for the life of me understand her behavior, and repeatedly told her so as she ignored me. We'd talked about forever, and she'd said a thousand times that she wanted to spend hers with me, so in my young and naive defense, her reaction really was a shocking one. But the only further answer or explanation, that day or any, that she ever gave me was "I wanted to be with you because you let me choose to be." We spent the rest of that Christmas day apart, not in any way by my choice, she at her father's–or so I thought–house and me at my parents'. We had planned to split our day between the two celebrations together, and trying to explain why she wasn't with me when I arrived at my childhood home was excruciating. My family–except for Emmett, who said "Screw her!"–tried to console me by reassuring me that she probably just got a little freaked out by my big Christmas surprise and that everything would be alright once she had a chance to absorb it, and we'd soon all be laughing about it and planning a wedding… But when I went back to our apartment that night, after trying to call her a hundred times throughout the day and evening, getting only her voicemail, I knew that they were all, again, except Emmett, though I wouldn't have admitted