Written for the Fandom for Oklahoma. And the E/N after... is written for everyone who reads this, so please read it . . . Dared to Truth "Truth or dare, Edward?" "Dare." Rosalie rubs her hands together and smiles wickedly at her brother. "I dare you to kiss Jasper." "Get fucked, Rose." "Believe me, she will," Emmett declares, fist-bumping Jasper across the table and smirking at the death stare Edward gives him. I backhand Jasper's leg for encouraging him, even though I know Edward really doesn't care too terribly much. "You have a sister, too, remember?" "She's ten ," he answers, as if the years it will be until someone wants to fuck her are a lifetime instead of the, at most, maybe half of a dozen that are more likely. I shake my head and take a sip of my beer and wait for Rosalie to give Edward a real dare. Because even she couldn't have really wanted to see the one she issued. I know I sure as hell don't. Eew ... And luckily, I'm right and she doesn't. "Okay, fine, I dare you to tell Dad that you let Lauren and Jessica both blow you in the back of his Mercedes. At the same time. Or taking turns or however the hell they did it." "How the hell do you even know about that?" he asks her, but then gets his answer from Emmett's second fist-bumping-my-boyfriend-accompanied smirk. "You're a fucking asshole, Emmett. She's my SISTER." "Whatever, dude, then don't do epic needs-to-be-shared shit. Which, seriously...gimme some." I didn't need it to be shared. And neither did Edward, though he obviously didn't think that when he told him. The him whose fist he leaves hanging now as he responds to his second not-funny dare. "Again, Rose, GET FUCKED." "Tell him or I will. Unless you want me not to so badly that you keep me quiet with those four hundred dollar boots I want that Dad said I should get a job to pay for myself." "You mean the ones that if you had them would end up planted spread wide apart against the roof of Emmett's Jeep? That Dad could also be made knowledgeable of?" "That roof comes out, dude," Emmett returns, and I grab Jasper's fist before he can extend it a third time. And then watch the sibling stare down. "You wouldn't." "You hope I wouldn't." "Entertaining as this is, guys," Alice interrupts, "I'd like to actually continue with the game. Because I haven't had a turn yet." "Then take it," Edward says, making it clear that his is over. "I will. But I want to ask the question." "So ask it," Rosalie sighs, looking at me and shaking her head. Because neither one of us can stand her. She doesn't even date Jake anymore, so why is she still around, especially when he isn't? Yeah, like I don't know why... "Bella!" "What?" "Truth or dare? Obviously." "Truth," I say immediately, because I always do. Especially if Alice is the Truth or Dare dealer. Because, just like I can't stand her, she can't stand me either. And doesn't hate–again, my boyfriend–Jasper. And if I were to pick dare... Well, I don't even want to think about what she'd throw at me. "I knew you were going to say that. And I have just the truth question to teach you that you shouldn't always... Who's a better kisser, Jasper or Edward?" Two freight trains colliding couldn't be louder than the silence that settles over the room at her question. The question I shouldn't know the answer to, even though I do. And the room in which Jasper and Edward both sit, on either side of me, while we play this stupid game that I no longer want to play. There's no fist-bumping now... " What ?" I ask her as nonchalantly as I can, though my heart is doing an impression of soldiers marching into battle in my chest. She can't know about that... "How the hell would I know?" "I'm sure Jasper would love to know the answer to that question, but he'll get his turn. This is mine, and I asked you a different one, so answer it." "I can't ," I say, shooting daggers at her. Much like the ones being shot at me. And at Edward beside me on my left. From my right side, the side that Jasper–his friend long before he was my boyfriend–sits on. "LIE!" she challenges, shooting me with the truth I never meant to be. On my life, I never meant it to. It just... happened. One night when Edward took me home because Jasper got too drunk to drive me. So drunk, in fact, that he passed out on Emmett's basement floor after Emmett pinned him to it in a wrestling match. Which started with another dare... or challenge... that Jasper couldn't pin him . It was a Saturday night, and Emmett's parents were out of town, and basically everyone was shitfaced because they were all just going to crash there. Everyone except for me. Because my dad isn't stupid. And knew the McCartys were going out of town because Mr. is one of his closest friends. The McCartys are cool parents, and knew Emmett was planning the party within seconds of them telling him of their weekend plans. And they really didn't care, because they figured everyone would just crash there, no driving, no harm done... But my dad isn't so cool about those things. My dad the police chief of this small town we live in. And though he is cool enough not to have been planning to spoil everyone's fun, he isn't cool enough to let me spend the night with my boyfriend having it. My boyfriend, who again, passed out on the floor an hour before my generous, though firm, curfew. So, Edward, being the only other person besides me who didn't get completely shitfaced–because he had some family thing the next day that he didn't want to add a hangover to the misery of (Rosalie didn't care)–told me not to worry and that he would take me home so I wouldn't get into trouble. And so my dad wouldn't show up there with his police-chief-father-of-a- daughter brand of. It was just an innocent ride... And a sweet... Until it wasn't quite. Though that kiss... Don't, Bella. Seriously... DON'T. But also seriously... HOW THE FUCK DOES ALICE KNOW ABOUT IT? "NOT a lie," I finally respond to her accusation. And I do so truthfully because I honestly can't answer what she asked. Not because I don't have the knowledge... but because it isn't that easy. Or that simple. It's not a question of better. And, though I've kissed Jasper more times than I could count in the year we've been together, and Edward only once... well, I suppose technically it was twice ... not one I can answer. Edward shifts next to me, his movement one of irritation and discomfort at the position we've been put in, but when his leg touches mine during that shift, for the briefest of seconds, it's neither of those things. And I know is something he wanted me to feel. That his innocent touch of sorts wasn't. And, even though possibly blowing up in our faces right now, that our unplanned kiss wasn't, either. And I know when he fixes his irritated gaze on Alice, that he's going to take responsibility for it. And me, in a sense, and come to my rescue once again. "Your turn, Bella. Since she asked you a question you have no possible way of answering." "Nice try, Edward." She flashes Jasper a smile and then looks back to Edward with one very different. "But I think you just don't want her to answer. The question I, as you very well do, know she can . Because, though your lips have, in true fact, been on hers, your name won't come out of them." "How do you know she can?" Jasper asks before Edward or I can say a word. And she's more than happy to answer him. Because she'd be happy to do anything for him. Or to... "Because I saw them." "What?" he asks now, as I ask myself how. How could she have? "I saw them," she repeats. "But to be fair... and completely truthful, unlike either of them have been or are being, I really don't think it was planned. I mean, it did seem to be one of those 'moments'... and she seemed pretty taken aback for a few seconds... when he went in... for the kill–I mean kiss–before she took him. In ." "When? And where?" he asks her, because those are the only details he wants to hear. And there's only one answer to each of those questions, and I certainly know them, but still not at all how she could, let alone those others that she was dead on about. Because it happened right in front of my house. I thanked Edward for the ride, and for saving my ass, and jumped out of his car with a "See you Monday!" because I would at school. But then he was out of his car, too. And running to catch up with me. "What?" I asked him once he had, and was right next to me. "Nothing," he said, "I'm just walking you to your door." "Edward Cullen, chivalrous?" I returned, and then laughed, because that was funny. You have no idea how funny... He flashed me a guilty–yet shockingly innocent–crooked smile and shrugged. "Don't tell anybody." "Certainly not," I told him. "It might soil your reputation." His eyes were strangely and uncharacteristically serious for a minute as he looked at me, but then the true Edward I knew was back. "It might. And I've worked hard on that, and like it the way it is, so..." "So, don't worry. I won't out you." "Good," he said, and held his hand out to me, "I'm going to hold you to that, while I unlock your door for you. Hand over the keys, Press Agent ." I laughed and reached into my purse to find them. "Press Agent... that's cute, but my wallet tells me that either I'm not a very good one, or you're a cheapskate, and blatantly unappreciative of my services." He snickered a playful "Sorry about that" just as I found my keys and went to drop them into his hand. But in his hand wasn't where they landed. Because I was looking at his face instead of it. And because I'm clumsy sometimes. Often, actually... And instead of, they landed at our feet on my front stoop. I immediately reached down to pick them up, but so did he, and our hands touched, gripping each other's instead of the cold steel we'd each reached for. And that might have been enough, I suppose, for something that shouldn't have ever happened to ... But our hands weren't the only things that touched. It wasn't a hard or painful collide, but our foreheads bumped, and our noses, and our lips hovered dangerously close. I could feel his breath on mine. The in and then out whoosh of it. Of surprise... but not a bad kind, no matter how wrong. Or how much more wrong it would get... Because we would let it. Not that I knew that at that exact moment... I didn't. Or intend to do anything. Right, wrong, or at all. And I can't even say that he did. Intend ... But he did something. He didn't let go of my hand. And, instead, gripped it harder. And softer... Abandoning my keys and any and all conscious or responsible thought with them. And stood... Pulling me to do the same, but not just with his hand. Because I'd have followed his lead without it. I remember the feeling even now... the pull... It was magnetic. And strong. And powerful. Much more