Note: Some of you may have forgotten, but Danielle is American, and most of this is from her point of view. When it is, things will be named as we Americans name them. If I make mistakes when in other people's point of view, please tell me, and I will fix them. WARNING! There will be mentions of womanly needs in this chapter! I, unfortunately and not called J. K. or Jo Rowling. Therefore, this also means that I do not own Harry Potter, no matter how many times I dream about it. Chapter One: Summer with the Dursleys "Come on, Luna, concentrate!" the brunette girl shouted. The other girl, with somewhat messy black hair stood with her green eyes narrowed. Blue and purple sparks surrounded the stick in front of her as it wobbled feebly off the ground. The girl widened her eyes a little and sighed in frustration. "Tori, this just isn't working." She sat on the ground, her head to her knees. "I've completely forgotten how to do it." "What about shields, Dani?" the boy on the other side of the clearing said. His accent was British, as opposed to the girls' American accents. He too had jet-black hair that was as messy as ever. A pair of circular glasses was perched on his nose in front of his green eyes. He was obviously Dani's brother. "No," Dani replied. "I already tried." She was thinking that maybe it was instinct when (she thought it was) in first year when a troll smashed into the Great Hall. No, it was the girl's bathroom. Yes, that was right. She was with another friend. But the images were hazy. It was frustrating. About the middle of the last term in her second year, Professor Lockhart, the Defense Against the Dark Arts "teacher", had tried to hit her with a Memory Charm. Unfortunately, just as she had summoned a shield, part of the spell had hit her. Danielle hated it. She hated that she couldn't remember details. She hated that it always took a minute for her to remember her friends' faces. A few days later, Harry and Danielle Potter, now thirteen, sat at the table as they ate breakfast (which wasn't much: a slice of toast each and a spoonful of cereal). Dani occasionally winced. There was this pain in her back that would not go away. Their relatives, Vernon, Petunia, and Dudley Dursley were sitting around them, staring at the television intently. Vernon Dursley, a rather large man with very little neck and a lot of mustache, occasionally shot Dani disgusted glances. She couldn't help but shudder as he grunted and redirected his attention to the TV. "…The public is warned that Black is armed and extremely dangerous," a reporter on the TV said. "A special hotline has been set up, and any sightings of Black should be reported immediately. Danielle stared at the picture of Sirius Black. The man had a gaunt face with sunken, dull, blue-gray eyes. He had dark, matted, elbow-length hair. Dani wasn't quite sure what color his hair had been originally. She also couldn't help but find this man vaguely familiar, but she knew she had never met Black. Uncle Vernon stood suddenly. "I'd better be off, Petunia. Marge's train gets in at ten." Harry's slice of toast dropped as he was torn from his thoughts of the Broomstick Servicing Kit he had received from Hermione that morning. "Aunt Marge?" he stammered. "Sh-she's not coming back here, is she?" Who's Aunt Marge? Dani asked mentally. Later. "Marge'll be here for a week," Uncle Vernon said, "and while we're on the subject, we need to get a few things straight before I go and collect her." Dudley Dursley, a boy who was only a few months older than the Potters, smirked as he broke his gaze from the TV. That in itself was a miracle. His blonde hair was almost hiding his piggy little eyes. She had to remind herself that he got out of school earlier than Harry and herself, and that he hadn't been to the barber in ages. "Firstly," Uncle Vernon started, "you will both keep civil tongues in your heads when you're talking to Marge." "I will if she does," Harry muttered. "Secondly," Uncle Vernon continued, "as Marge doesn't know anything about your abnormalities – " Dani flinched " – I don't want any – any funny stuff while she's here. You two behave yourselves, got me?" "Fine by me," Dani said. "And thirdly, we've told Marge that you attend St. Brutus's Secure Center for Incurably Criminal Children." " What ?" the twins yelled. "And you'll be sticking to that story, boy, or there will be trouble," Uncle Vernon spat, mainly at Harry. Aunt Marge is Uncle Vernon's sister, who comes to visit every so often. She's almost worse than Uncle Vernon, and she has this bulldog, Ripper, that comes with her. Dani couldn't believe her ears. Her uncle's sister was expecting the young witch and wizard to go to a juvenile center? She decided that this was definitely worse than her ninth birthday when her Uncle… Tony (was it?) had given her a pack of pencils. Dani still wondered how her adopted mother's brother could be cruel. He wasn't on the same level as Vernon, but he wasn't that far behind. Uncle Vernon said his farewells and walked to the front door. After a moment's hesitation, Harry followed. Danielle, on the other hand, started taking care of the dirty dishes. After a few minutes, Harry's voice broke into her mind. Dani, we have to act like Muggles and pretend to go to that school so that Uncle Vernon will sign the Hogsmeade form. Dani's spirits lifted ever so slightly. Maybe they could get something good out of this. She was really looking forward to Hogsmeade. Cedric had told her so much about it. She longed to stand in the sweet shop and admire the many wizarding candies. For a while, she'd been dreaming about what butterbeer, a delicacy at the Three Broomsticks (a very popular pub), would taste like. She even desired to investigate the joke shop! Fred and George Weasley, the older twin brothers of Ron Weasley, always talked about what joke items they would buy next and whom they would use them on. And then there was the historical factor. Hogsmeade was also the only all-wizarding village in Britain. There had even been a Goblin battle there. The thing was, only third years and older could go. Okay, Danielle responded. That was the only way they'd be able to go. She also thought about how amazing that twins could communicate through telepathy. But she had never heard of Muggle twins having the ability. Maybe it's just magical twins. At that moment, what had been a dull throb before turned into the pain of a dull knife. Dani put her hands to her lower back. That was around where her kidneys were. She winced as another wave of pain hit her. She turned from the sink and reached up to the medicine cabinet. "What are you doing?" a sudden voice asked. Dani turned sharply. Aunt Petunia stood in the door to the kitchen wearing a salmon-colored dress. "You know you're not supposed to be in the medicine cabinet. The young witch lowered her head then winced again as the pain flared. "I'm sorry, Aunt Petunia, but my kidneys hurt. I was looking for a pain reliever." Maybe her politeness would help. She looked up and met her aunt's gaze. Aunt Petunia held her niece's gaze for several seconds before walking to the medicine cabinet. She reached up and pulled down a bottle of a generic brand of pain relief. The blonde woman unscrewed the top and held out the bottle. She tipped one pill into the girl's palm. Dani stood there in shock. Aunt Petunia, the one who supposedly hated her, was giving her pain relief! But maybe it was poison instead… Dani shook her head. The Dursleys weren't the nicest people, but they wouldn't poison anyone intentionally! After she downed the pill, she looked down at her feet and gasped in shock as she saw an extremely dark spot on her jeans. How was she bleeding?! Aunt Petunia grabbed her hand and dragged her to the upstairs bathroom. After an hour of explanation, tears, and about ten packs of womanly needs, Danielle emerged from the bathroom feeling… different. She didn't quite know how to put it. Knowing about how everything was changing for her, both mentally and physically, was giving her a headache. It was also strange to think that she had used to be so carefree only two years ago (asides from her knowledge of the future). She was also shocked at how nice Aunt Petunia seemed. Danielle changed into another set of clothes while Aunt Petunia washed the bloodstained ones. As she did, she noticed the two caged owls in the room. One was snowy and the other was a black and gray screech, both with amber eyes. They were Hedwig and Nightwing. She remembered the promise to Uncle Vernon about acting like Muggles (non-magical people). She opened the window and the owl's cages. "Okay," she muttered to them. "Harry and I have to act like Muggles for a little while, so you need to go to Lisa Turpin's. I'll write her a note." Dani had just enough time to write the note and send the owls before she heard commotion from downstairs. "Where's my Dudders? Where's my neffy-poo?" Neffy-poo? she thought. That must be Aunt Marge. As she walked out to the hallway, she met Harry carrying an enormous suitcase. Dani opened the door to the one extra room the Dursleys had. The raven-haired girl was forced to share with Harry in his tiny room, not that she complained. It jut felt strange to sleep in a room with a boy. "Dani, are you all right?" Harry whispered. He had felt her panic at the sight of the supposedly inexplicable appearance of the blood. "Don't worry," Dani answered. "I'm fine." In actuality, it somewhat scared her how much her body was changing. Harry didn't have to know this, though. "So, how bad is Aunt Marge?" Harry groaned as they stepped down the stairs. "She's just as terrible as ever. She's going to go bonkers when she sees you." The twins entered the kitchen. There, they found a woman who looked remarkably like Uncle Vernon sitting at the table. She was large, had a purple complexion, had very little neck, and she even had (much to Danielle's horror) a mustache. Thankfully, it wasn't as bushy as Uncle Vernon's. She was drinking tea and had a slab of fruitcake before her. A bulldog was lapping tea from a saucer in the corner. "Who's looking after the other dogs, Marge?" Vernon asked. "Oh, I've got Colonel Fubster managing them. He's returned now, good for him to have something to do. But I couldn't leave poor old Ripper. He pines if he's away from me." Ripper looked up from his saucer. Who was this new female? The male he recognized just fine. He'd had plenty of fun chasing him when the male was a pup. He waddled over to the twins and started sniffing at the female's clothes. Marge took notice of the teens. "Who's this new brat?" "That's the boy's twin," Vernon explained. "She was with some foster family. The parents died in a car crash, and the relatives dropped her here at the start of the summer." "It's ruddy good for my brother to keep the two of you. If you were on my doorstep, it would've been off to the orphanage for the both of you." Harry could feel his anger bubbling. He was about to retort until he remembered the Hogsmeade form. Could Aunt Marge have picked a better summer to come? The summer before they could visit the wizard village? Of course she had