"What? Another one?!" "How do they keep getting here?" "How do we get rid of them?" "Can we send it back?" "What do you suppose it'll take to kill it?" Such were the whispers of the alarmed Company of Nine Walkers as they observed, from their various hiding places, the breathtakingly beautiful apparition that was wandering around about a hundred yards away. Either she had not yet observed the frantic questers, or she had and was, for some doubtlessly malicious motive, pretending she hadn't. At the moment, she was wandering in circles in a field at the edge of the woods where the Company was hidden, singing quietly to herself and tossing her long, lustrous, chestnut hair. Legolas and Aragorn, whose hearing was sharper than the rest of their companions, could hear her high, clear voice as she soared through the notes of a song - something about a ship sailing and a chap named Arthur. They didn't know what it was all about, and they couldn't have cared less. Peering from between the leaves of the tree where he had hastily concealed himself, Pippin accidentally inhaled a very small, very fuzzy, very startled caterpillar. His eyes widened, (Pippin's, not the caterpillar's,) and his face contorted horribly as he felt the desperate need to sneeze, or cough, or clear his throat, or something! Even the smallest sound, however, would alert the vile creature to their presence, as the young hobbit knew only too well. Oh, how well he knew it. Boromir, noting the youngster's distress, quickly and stealthily slithered his way over from his own tree and pressed the hobbit's face to his shoulder, stifling any noise Pippin made in his doublet. Pippin, for his part, took the opportunity to cough, quietly but violently, almost sending himself and his alarmed companion out the tree. The foliage rustled treacherously, and a few smaller branches, completely insensitive to the Company's plight, crashed down through the arbor with a great deal of pomp and circumstance. Out in the meadow, the young girl stopped singing and looked up, her fair face blazing with delight. Legolas, uncomfortably folded up in a convenient bush, profusely cursed in Elvish as the maiden ran towards the hiding places of the companions, her shiny hair and white dress streaming behind her in the most attractive way possible. "Forsooth!" she cried as she approached - way more rapidly than Aragorn and Legolas would have liked, "is this the Company of Nine Walkers? Why doth thou conceal thyselves from the presence of a harmless maid?" Resigned to their fate, the questers crawled, climbed, dropped, and wriggled out of their various hiding places, lining up in front of what was clearly a Medieval!Sue and glaring at her with expressions that ranged from slight sheepishness to fury to downright hate. Despised as she was, only Gimli was bold enough to step forth, blunt-fingered hand wrapped meaningfully around his axe, and declare, "Because, forsooth, you're greatly unwelcome here, witch! Thou and thou's kind dost greatly infesteth our fair land, and throweth thouselves irrepressibly on some of the denizens thereof, most notably my companions. Forsooth. " Infuriatingly, the "witch" laughed, apparently completely unperturbed by his hostile tone. "Faith, noble dwarf, but thou hast a long way to come ere thou master the olde fashioned jargon of my world," she said, her eyes twinkling. In spite of himself, Aragorn relaxed - that is, he slightly loosened his death grip on Anduril's hilt. 'At least this one does not claim to hail from Arda, and she has a sense of humor,' he thought, almost relieved. Almost. Squaring his shoulders, the Ranger stepped forward, eyeing the beautiful girl with suspicious unwelcome reflected in his grey eyes. She returned his gaze, serene and undaunted, waiting for him to speak. Instinctively, his fingers clenched on his sword again, and he addressed her somewhat less courteously than he'd intended. "Who are you, and why are you here? Wait," he held up a hand as she opened her mouth - her lovely, rosy, full-lipped mouth - to reply, "I do not know why I asked that. I know why you are here. You have come to fling yourself, as Gimli said, on me or one of my companions. Most likely our resident Elf, or I miss my guess." The young girl raised one of her perfectly sculpted eyebrows. "Thou miss thy guess by a fair distance," she remarked dryly. "By my troth, I come not to wreak havoc on thy hearts or privacy - indeed, I did not intend to be here at all. I seek the realm of Ivanhoe; for though I am fain a great admirer of thy country, and have been a visitor upon it's shores many a time, I seek a different adventure this day." Her unshakable composure slipped briefly, and a look of uncertainty crossed her lovely features. "I must have taken a wrong turn at Shakespeare Crossing, or something," she murmured, relinquishing for the moment the affected manner of speech that she'd been adopting. She considered something for a moment, then looked back up at Aragorn, who was staring at her in something like disbelief that would never be so foolish as to morph into hope. "I don't suppose you could take me along with you until I find a way out of Middle Earth?" she asked pitifully. Immediately, the faces of the Company, which had been slowly relaxing and gentling, closed off again, and they all eyed her with open hostility. "So!" Gandalf growled, "that is your game! Play innocent with us and infiltrate our company so that you can become a Tenth Walker!" The girl looked horrified, which, incidentally, made her even more beautiful. "Oh, dear me, no!" she exclaimed. "I've no desire at all to go tromping around a war-infested land on an arduous and dangerous quest! I just want a little protection 'til I can make my escape to the other fandom-country." And she gazed 'round at them all with a beseeching look that fooled not even Pippin. "As though you cannot fight better than all of us put together," Boromir said bitterly. So many small, delicate maidens had saved him and his friends from certain death so many times, and it justly stung his pride. But the girl shook her head. "Nay," she said with an embarrassed little smile. "I was not prepared to come to Arda at all. My goal was such a place where women do not fight, but are fought for by men. I have but little skill with weapons, and carry none with me." There was in her musical voice a distinct note of regret, as if she longed for nothing more than to run amok, indiscriminately armed with various pointy objects. Aragorn took a moment to silently thank the Valar that she had none. "Bide here a few minutes," he said sternly, "and I will discuss with my companions what to do with you." "Alright," she answered agreeably, and sat down on the ground with little regard to dirt on her shining white gown. The man shot her a highly suspicious look and turned back to the rest of the company. They all huddled together, conversing in whispers while the Misplaced-Medieval!Sue sat and twiddled her thumbs and yawned and tried to hear what they were saying about her. "Perhaps we should give her a chance," Boromir whispered, mollified by her apparent lack of warrior skills. Merry and Sam, at least, were inclined to agree, but Legolas shook his blond head frantically. "Nay!" he hissed. "She will trick us all, and Aragorn or Frodo or I will awaken one night to find her squeezed into our bedrolls! Her ilk are as evil as they come, and she is surely no exception." And he glanced over his shoulder at the girl, looking uncharacteristically twitchy for an elf. Gimli, unpestered as he was by Sues, cast his friend an amused look. "Not if you sleep standing up," he said gruffly, but the Elf only made a strangled sort of noise and shook his head again. "Legolas has a point," Aragorn murmured, barely moving his lips. "And yet..." He too cast a look over at the Sue, who was plucking at bits of grass, looking bored in the most beautiful way possible. "I cannot help but think that she's telling the truth. And she's certainly not the usual kind," he added. "She has not yet flung herself at one of us." "Perhaps she's a Crafty!Sue," Gandalf rumbled, and since the wizard was more knowledgeable about such things - or at least pretended to be - no one contradicted him. "All the same," Pippin said, sneaking a look at the intruder in his turn and softening slightly, "she is a maiden, and we cannot leave her alone. She would be an easy target for the forces of darkness." "She would be a liability if she came with us," Legolas retorted. He was determined to keep the Misplaced-Medieval-Possibly-Crafty!Sue out of the Company, or die trying. "We swore to protect the Ring Bearer, not every helpless damsel who crosses our path." Aragorn, Boromir, and Merry glanced at the Elf reproachfully, and Gandalf fixed him with a deep look from under his shaggy eyebrows. "I do not relish her presence anymore than you do," the Ranger said, "but even so, she is, as you say, a helpless damsel, and, if we are to trust her word, she is lost. Is it not our duty to protect her until she can return to her world, or wherever she chooses to go?" "We did not-" Legolas began hotly, but Gandalf interrupted him. "Let the Ring Bearer decide," the Istar declared. "For it is his journey that is at stake." All eyes turned to Frodo, who stared at the ground, deep in thought. "It is our duty to take the Ring to Mordor and destroy it," he said at last, sounding tired. "That was the task given us. That is our purpose. But I cannot in good conscience let a lone maiden wander these dangerous lands unprotected." He looked up at all the faces surrounding him. "Besides," he added, "she's a Sue. She may yet prove useful when we run out of Athelas." And he stared pointedly at Legolas, who looked very aggravated indeed. "It's not my fault," the elven prince complained. "Every time one of these fell creatures shows up-" "-a different fell creature shows up and stabs you, poisons you, rearranges your pretty features, or skewers you through and through," Gimli finished. "We know. And I'm inclined to agree with Frodo - she may yet come in handy." "I say we put it to the vote," Merry said, and this suggestion was agreeably received by all. Well, most. The look on Legolas' face was highly reminiscent of the stormy night on which the four hobbits had first arrived at Bree. "Very well then, a vote it shall be," Gandalf said. "All in favor?" Frodo, Sam, Merry, Pippin, Boromir and the wizard himself all raised their hands, the latter fixing his gaze on Gimli and Aragorn. "Well?" he inquired. "Were you two not advocating her accompanying us just a few moments back?" After a moment, Aragorn slowly raised his hand, but the Dwarf just shrugged, and Legolas crossed his arms most decidedly. "Still outnumbered," Gandalf said. "She goes with us." "This will be the near death of our elf, if I'm not mistaken," Gimli muttered. Nor was he. Within eight hours of the addition of the Sue, (who's name, incidentally, was Marian Rowana Gwendolyn Asphodel Montmorency,) they were ambushed by a band of warg-riders, and the Elf was terribly wounded by an Orc with a nasty penchant for swinging his scimitar with wild abandon. Stubbornly refusing to have Marian near him, he allowed Aragorn to patch him up to the best of his ability. "I cannot think," Legolas said plaintively as he lay prone on his back, staring up at the stars that dotted the night