I in no way own the rights to Hunger Games or any character mentioned in this fan fiction nor did I create the pictures used for the illustration. "After the Fire" As the ashes settled and disappeared from the rebellion,lives became a sort of normal no one had ever known. Except for flash backs and nightmares lurking with the pain of grief and guilt for all who survived and lost loved ones. As the weeks became months Peeta and I spent most of our waking hours together. I was careful not to push anything too much. I did not want to overwhelm his mind or feelings. I feared doing so might bring on a flashback or terrible pain of some kind. These demons the capitol created to try and overtake his mind and his love for me were the toughest of all the games Snow put me in. And he knew this one would be the most painful. Peeta would bake,I would hunt, and each evening we would spend time painting,writing memories in the memory book, or talking. Life had a sense of peace most days with Peeta. But after two years of living in the same home, sleeping in the same bed,kissing and loving each other. I wondered if it would ever be more than this? I know I was undeniably in love with him, I knew I was never losing him no matter what. But he was not really opening up like he once did. He sometimes seemed to be walking around this tortured soul. I would soothe him, console him,be his sanctuary. But was this to truly be the only relationship we would have after everything we had survived to be together? How was I to be sure he wanted the same dream as myself. So I being the fearful person I can be at times, decided I needed to talk to Peeta. But how was I going to truly open my soul and let out the words I was no good at speaking? I was scared, but determined to find answers. It was very fitting how it all finally happened, It began with a rainy morning. We had been sitting in the doorway that morning watching the rain and waiting on it to slow,Peeta left for the bakery and I could not help but begin going down memory lane ,of the rain and the bread, then the remark Peeta made about the pig at the hospital in 13. When I came to my senses I decided to watch some clips of our nicer moments during the interviews and events we had attended that were televised. I had been emotional all day, thinking about the right time to tell him that I wanted and needed more. He still had doubts about my love for him. I could see it in his eyes from time to time. And today before he left for the bakery he gave me that look of longing like he had so many times before. I was watching a compilation of clips of our moments in each others arms, looking at his expressions and our kisses, especially the one on the beach. I had done this many times alone for fear that Peeta watching might trigger some horrible flash back. I thought about all the loving tender exchanges, all the daggers of words used when we were angry. All the looks of longing Peeta gave me time after time. All the pain and hurt I had caused him and the moments I wasted being stubborn and scared. Not seeing what a gift I had right in front of me. I could have been loving Peeta all along, showing him my love and being given his in return 10 times what he had already. Maybe the highjacking would not have worked? Maybe he would have been a weaker pawn if I had shared my feelings sooner, it could have killed him. But now it was killing me .My heart was breaking as the flashes of Peeta's expressions raced through my mind. I sat in the floor close to the fire, As the storm outside raged harder and thunder rumbled,I became consumed by pain and longing as well as with guilt. All the feelings had to come out of me I could not hold them in any longer my tears became out of control. Peeta walked in and he was taken back by finding me kneeling in the floor at the fire sobbing. He knelt next to me asking me what was wrong. I choked out the words "us". Peeta's voice shook as he asked "What about us?". I looked up at him through the haze of the salty clouds in my vision, " I was thinking back on the way you loved me, before any of the horrors we had gone through tainted your memories, and I wonder if you could ever love me, be in love with me, and trust in me the way you once did". Peeta looked at me with concern and pain all at once,"I am not certain what you mean Katniss,,I ,,I". Before he could finish I put my finger over his beautiful full lips. " Peeta you fell in love with all sorts of things about me as a young child, you memorized my clothes and hair on the first day of school, songs I sang, my behaviors, you followed me home everyday, and you saved my life in the rain with intentionally burnt bread that you got beat for giving to me'," That is where our life really began". Peeta rose from the floor and looked at me like he was wrenching inside." Katniss I.." I interrupt "Peeta please, hear me out, " I felt tears falling down my cheeks and my chin quivering like a child. I must have looked awful,I had been sobbing off and on, hysterical really. 'Peeta, I need you to understand that I have loved you for such a long time, I didn't even let myself admit it for the longest time. All of my fears and the fight to survive was all I could focus on most of all. But all that changed when I thought I lost you forever. Peeta it was always you I fought for, always you I needed when I was scared and alone. Your goodness and that beautiful soul of yours, it intoxicated me. With the highjacking and the war, everything that has brought us right here in this moment, I know it all happened so I would have you , just you were the gift of all that agony Peeta. And I know I do not deserve you. Can't you see I love you? ,,, I am so deeply in love with you and I cannot live another day without you knowing. All my fears of horrors and death are gone, now my fears match the ones you once had, of losing me, only my greatest fear is losing you,losing your presence in my life, and you never being able to love me again like I wish you to,,,I love you Peeta, so much". I broke again, sobbing into my own hands. I fell to the sofa and sat there weeping. All the while he is trembling , looking me and tears began streaming from his eyes long before my speech ended, he never wavered from holding my every word, never looked away or spoke. After a moment of silence my eyes raised to see him. Searching his expression I realized he had not moved from the spot he stood. He caught his breath, "Oh Katniss". And then he raced over to me scooped me into his arms and kissed me, so gentle and wanting. As I pulled back after a moment for air, in his eyes I swear I could see to his soul. the purest reflection of where I belonged. He picked me up in an embrace that lifted me off my seat,he kissed me for what seemed like forever. Peeta pulled away and tearfully looked at me, I touched his cheek. He smiled a half grin and said;" Do you know how happy I am right now? I waited my whole life to hear you say those words to me. I never thought I would get lucky enough to hear them.'' Then he embraced me again so tightly, like I would disappear if he did not hold on with all his might. This was a time of tears and whispers of apology for the hurt we had caused each other. For any damage we created to the others heart. Forgiveness and forgetting the past as much as possible was granted. Promises of always and kisses in between words. Time was standing still in this moment, I was elated and overwhelmed with all the feelings inside. I am not certain how much time passed or how we made our way to our bed. I just know that the man before me was my forever and I finally felt free with him. To love him and be loved by him, it took my breath looking at him. The way he was gentle with every touch and gesture towards me. How he barely looked away from my gaze the both of us unsure and scared of the events about to take all the while that we had been made to fit perfectly together in every our lives had been mapped out in the stars by a greater being than ourselves. In the past I tried not believe anyone like that existed with the ugliness of my world how could He be real. But oh how I believe that He is there, protecting and only something as amazing as Peeta could come that creator. I wondered if this is how all people in love felt the first time they opened themselves to each other fully? I think it is more for Peeta and I, we had fought so long and hard for this. And my God was it all worth it! As we began to undress each others bodies it was like slow motion, taking in every curve and movement of each other. We reveled in each other, enchanted discovering every inch of one another. Not one scar, one spot of skin, one inch of him did I let go untouched and unkissed. Nor did he allow that for me. The warmth of his being and the feeling of his touch against my skin brought my body to a loss of control. He made me do things I never knew I was capable of in such a way that I wanted more still. The kissing was amazing, the touching thrilling and pleasing. But my instincts kept overtaking me moving my body and sensations escaping me. Peeta's name and sounds came without filter from my mouth between kisses. He paused for a moment above me searching my eyes," I do love you Katniss...Always!'' I could not handle the slight distance between our bodies once he spoke.I grabbed him and pulled him closer to me. I wanted to melt into him, he made me feel so safe and secure. Peeta made me feel as if I was created just for him. His love was the feeling that made me feel whole . Every nerve ending in my body was so alive and only when he was near. I felt like someone I did'nt even know, not in control of myself but he had the strings, and I liked it . Then there was a look of distress in his eyes. He paused and looked closely at me. It was a look I had seen many times when he was feeling overwhelmed with upsetting thought or emotion he could not let out. He pulled himself up from against me and tenderly spoke, I could feel the warmth of his breath on my skin. So shyly he whispers, "Katniss, I have never done any of this before".Then he looked almost ashamed