Author's Note: To those of you reading my multi-chapter story, "Elapse", I apologize. I have been reworking the entire framework of my story and when it returns, I hope, it will be much better than before. To tide you over, and for the pleasure of those that come across it, I present to you this Two-Shot. I hope that you enjoy. Be sure to favorite the story, review, and check out the multiple other fanfictions on my profile. Disclaimer : If you recognize it, I do not own it. Day 1 "Mrs. Weasley! Mrs. Weasley!" Hermione shouted for the fifth time, trying to get the older woman's attention. Like the other three individuals that had passed her in the rubble-filled corridor, Molly Weasley ignored her. This had been going on since Hermione had crawled out from beneath the fallen wall in the very hall that she stood in. Knowing that there had been others in the corridor with her before the accident, all attempting to clean up the mess that the battle had left behind, she had not wanted to leave her place. Her wand was lost somewhere beneath the piles of stone, and her attempts to lift any with her own hands had proven futile. Those buried would be dead soon, if they weren't already. It wasn't as if she were alone, four people had walked by her and the rubble. All had given pitying look to the state of the hall, some, like Mrs. Weasley, even sniffled. Yet, none acknowledged her or made a move to help. What was wrong with the world? "She does not hear you, Miss Granger, none of them can," a drawling voice shocked her out of her thoughts. Hermione felt a shiver of fear run down her spine. She knew that voice. She had heard it nearly every day for the past seven years of her life. Memories of snarls, sneers, and insults curled around her was a voice she had heard for the last time only a few hours ago, as the person had died in front of her. Sucking in a breath, she shook her head. She was imagining things. The trauma of war and a near death experience had sent her into a standard retreat to the comfort of what she knew, what made her feel safe. It was common amongst those who survived life-threatening circumstances to revert back to their childhood in many ways. Her revival of her dead Potions Professor was a textbook example. "Miss Granger, would you please stop referencing medical texts and turn around. I have no patience for your dawdling," the voice of Severus Snape returned. Hermione turned around, preparing herself to see nothing but an empty corridor. A strangled gasp escaped her throat when she discovered how very wrong she was. Severus Snape stood only a few feet away from her, his face twisted in what only could be described as his signature scowl. The world turned on its axis and for a moment she thought she would faint. "Didn't your parents ever teach you it is impolite to stare, Miss Granger?" the man snarled. She stumbled back, not understanding what she was seeing before her eyes. Snape was dead, had been dead for multiple hours. The truth had come out about his loyalties and past, and Harry had was spreading the word to ensure his legacy last she saw him. Knowing that, it was impossible for the man to be standing before her like he was now. "Have you lost your ability to speak? What little credit I gave your mediocre intelligence is dwindling," Snape continued to berate her. "You're dead," Hermione blurted out. "Very astute of you. If you are done stating the obvious Miss Granger, perhaps you could show enough alertness so that I may finally answer, the no doubt, endless list of questions you must have," Snape rolled his eyes at her. Hermione had the sense to shut her gaping mouth and blush. The shame that usually came with the Professor's glare quickly returned to her. Despite her shock and confusion, she nodded with her mouth firmly shut. "Much better. Now, you were correct in your, obvious, statement that I am dead, Miss Granger. However it is with my deepest regrets that I inform you that I am not the only one," Snape said, in the same voice she had often heard him spout off potion instructions from memory. She stared at him in confusion, not truly understanding what he meant. Cocking her head to the side, she watched him grow more frustrated by her lack of response. "I'm sorry, sir, I'm not understanding your meaning," Hermione confessed. Snape let out a growl, taking a large stride towards her. Hermione felt smaller under the looming figure of her former Professor and resisted the urge to recoil from his angry frame. "You are dead, Mis Granger. You did not survive the accident. An unstable wall, collapsed on you and multiple others as you attempted to fix this corridor. It crushed you," Snape spat at her. Her, now theoretical, heart stopped. The memory of her own scream as the wall fell coming back to her. The sniffling of Molly Weasley played in her head. No one had been ignoring her pleas for help, they had not seen or heard them at all. She truly was dead. "But-but the ghosts. They can-why can't-" Hermione stumbled over her words. "As you attempt to form a coherent sentence Miss Granger, I will tell you what little assumptions I have made of our situation. We are not like the ghosts you are used to roaming Hogwarts. We can not be seen or heard by any of the living or those ghosts that you are so used to. The reasoning behind this has yet to make itself known," Snape took a step back from her. Hermione felt nothing. She knew herself and her body. Her eyes should have been prickling her eyes, her breath should have been ragged, and pain should have clutched at her chest. Yet, she felt nothing. Her body had no reaction to the obvious grief and feelings of distraught that were closing in on her. Is this what death felt like? Like nothing? "Is there anyone else?" Hermione managed to ask. "No. You are the first and only spirit that I have encountered since my death that has been able to hear and see me," Snape answered, matter a factly. Hermione moved to lean against the remaining parts of the corridor walls and gasped. The top half of her body went through, and she found herself looking into an abandoned Charms classroom upside down. A, surprisingly sturdy hand pulled her back through the wall and back to the corridor that she had been in…and died in. Snape was giving her a writhing look, as he quickly released her hand. "You must think actively Miss Granger, or you will find yourself unable to come in contact with any material. Be aware of the wall that you will be leaning against," Snape told her. Hermione nodded, taking in his words. As abstract as his explanation may have been, she found herself understanding it as she usually did in class. Ensuring that she focused on the wall, she slowly leaned against it. To her pleasure this time she managed to not fall through. "Perhaps you will take to death quite nicely, after all, Miss Granger," Snape looked down his long nose at her. Day 9 "Watching your own funeral is very macabre wouldn't you say, Miss Granger?" Snape stepped up behind her. In the short time, the two had spent in their own personal afterlife, Hermione had grown used to his surprise entrances. Her eyes did not leave the gathering on the Hogwarts lawn below the third story window. Some part of her grimaced at the idea of being buried at Hogwarts instead of a proper cemetery, yet she also felt proud. From the conversations she had overheard, both her and Snape's bodies would be buried in the same area as Dumbledore. An honor apparently reserved to those that were considered servers of Hogwarts. "It is just idle curiosity Professor," Hermione answered after a moment. She could not make out the faces of the huddled figures below. Her focused gaze could barely make out the, significantly smaller, ginger crowd that was the Weasley family. Despite the distance though she knew exactly who stood closest to her lowering coffin. The duo of unruly black hair and blazing ginger stood apart from the rest of the people that had come to her funeral. Their heads were down, she suspected starring at her body being lowered to the ground. She felt her hypothetical heartbreak once again. How badly she wanted to cry, how badly she wanted to jump out the castle window and run to them. The pain that she knew was there but couldn't feel at their separation from each other was hard enough, she could only imagine the weight that was crushing them. "Since walking into this school, I have not been away from them for longer than a few weeks," Hermione thought out loud, not directly speaking to the only person that could hear her. "Unfortunately you will have to prepare yourself for a longer separation from Misters Potter and Weasley," Snape's voice was not soft but was spoken in something other than snarl he usually spoke to her in. Hermione spared him a glance over her shoulder, seeing him scowl at her. Turning back to her funeral, she saw groups of people begin to walk away. Her coffin had finally reached it's final resting place and with it went the little pathetic hope she had held onto. There would be no seeing Ron or Harry again, nor Ginny and Luna. For Merlin knew how long she would be stuck in the damn castle she had once considered a home with her forever scowling former Professor. How funny death was. Day 39 Hermione watched Dean Thomas and Seamus Finnigan attempt to clean up the destroyed library. Multiple pairs of volunteers had been stomping into the once grand room to do their share in the restoration plans going on for the past two weeks. Growing bored of watching Snape attempt to murder the unfortunate volunteers dealt the job of cleaning out his former house with the strength of his glare alone, she often found herself wandering into the library. In life, it had been a sanctuary for her, and she hoped that once it was fully restored it would be again. "Merlin, what is this?" Seamus held up a clump of what must have been book pages but now resembled a burnt glob. Dean looked over at his friend and shrugged. "Who knows what's in this place," he commented. Hermione bit down on the inside of her cheek, forcing herself to not comment on their attitude towards her precious library. Snape was constantly having to remind her that despite her love of speaking incessantly, no one could hear her now. So even if she did speak up in protest toward Dean and Seamus, it would be a waste of breath. Well, theoretical breath. She suddenly understood why the former Professor was constantly glaring at those that displeased him. It wasn't like there was anything else to do. "Shame that Hermione isn't here. She would have loved doing this. Lass never left this place…" Seamus trailed off, as if he were going to say more but realized what he was saying. Hermione sat up straighter on the tumbled over bookshelf she was balancing herself on. It was the first time she had heard her name mentioned since her funeral. Seamus was the last person she had suspected to bring her up, though. Dean stood up, leaving the piles of mess where they were. Hermione watched him turn towards Seamus with a pained expression on his face. Seamus himself she noticed, was looking at a mostly intact book on