Crunch. Scrape. Thud. "Ah, shit," he mutters quietly, almost tripping on a log, breaking into what would be silence if it was anyone else. I can't help but roll my eyes as I listen to Peeta noisily work his way along the forest path behind me. This is why I don't ever let him hunt with me; he scares away all the game. Luckily we aren't hunting today, so I pause and turn to him, reaching my hand out towards him. 'Okay?' I question. 'Yeah,' he replies with a faint grunt of displeasure. 'I just almost fell, that's all. I don't know how you come in here so often without injuring yourself." He stubbornly ignores my offer of assistance. I stifle a grin. "Well, I'm just used to it, that's all. My father taught me how to be confident on my feet." I pause, still holding back a smile, and add cheekily, "And how to tread lightly." As I let out the soft laugh I have been containing, Peeta throws me a pointedly irritated look before fixing his gaze back on the ground. Wow. He really must be in a foul mood. I swallow my next giggle and lead off once more, listening to the constant snaps and crunches of dead leaves behind me. The branches are filled with buds and fresh new leaves; a picture of spring. The air is filled with the fresh, sweet scent of blooms and blossoms, and the woods are teeming with new life. The weather is warm, warning of another long, hot summer that isn't too far away. It's been almost two years since the bakery opened, and in many ways they have been the best years of my life. It is so different to what I always expected; to be honest the only things I was ever certain of in my life were Prim, Gale and hunting. I could never see anything that could come into my life and take them out of it. Yet here I am. I don't have them. Not any of them, not really. I still hunt but I don't have as much time to do it as I used to, and thankfully I don't have nearly as much need. I don't have Prim. Not a day goes past that I don't think of her, but the pain has dulled to an ache now. A squeeze in the chest every now and then. A sharp stab when I wake from a nightmare. But it is usually just an ache. I know it will never go away. I've accepted that. I obviously don't have Gale, either. He hasn't even been back to the District yet, although Hazelle and Rory and the rest of the Hawthornes caught one of the new travel trains out to District 2 last fall. Apparently he is still doing well in 2, but his friendship is another thing that is gone from my life. Instead I am left with memories and nightmares of things so horrifying that they are scarcely believable. Our bad moments are becoming less frequent, but unfortunately they are still there. They'll always be there; they won't ever really go away, I am now coming to realise. But it is not all bad. Life here in 12 is as good as we can hope for. Peaceful. We are learning to cope with the bad days, even though some mornings bring such darkness that I wonder if we will ever escape it. We have learnt our routines, our ways of finding our way back to one another, whether it is Peeta gripping and clinging to furniture, or my focus on the ceramic vase and all of the images of good that I flash through my mind on repeat. We're moving forward, and hopefully past all the anguish. At the moment it is still baby steps, but we have to start somewhere. We have had so much loss but we have gained so much as well. We have a house that we love. We have the bakery. We have Haymitch. We have Johanna, even if only by mail, and we sometimes have Annie. And of course, most importantly, I have Peeta. I still can't believe that I could be so lucky, especially after all we have been through. Even though we have been so busy with the bakery and my work with the construction team, he still finds time to put us first. Even if it is just a few hours in the evening, or a single daisy resting on my pillow, he still finds the time to show his love. He's still charming. He's still kind. His arms still bring me back from the brink of despair. His kisses still set me alight. He is still Peeta. "I just don't get it." Speak of the devil. He is also still grumpy when he is doing things he doesn't want to do. Like now, when his grumble breaks me out of my long line of thoughts. "Get what?" I question, turning to throw a deliberately broad smile back in the direction of his scowling features. "Here. This place," he gestures widely. "I mean, it's not bad but I don't understand why you love it out here so much. The woods are so dense with undergrowth and there are so many sticks and logs everywhere. You have to constantly think about where you're stepping. It's exhausting." "Exhausting? And this from the guy who gets up at the crack of dawn to work his muscles throwing sacks of flour and kneading dough?" I question with a laugh, refusing to let his mood dampen mine today. "That's different," he grumbles. "That's all in the shoulders. Being here you've got to constantly concentrate! It's a workout for your body and your brain." "Oh quit it, grumpy," I say, perching myself on a log. "We're not too far away now." I take a swig from my water bottle before offering it to him, rolling my eyes as he takes a large gulp and spills a little down the front of his t-shirt. As he drags the back of his hand across his mouth and sits alongside me he looks sheepishly in my direction. "Sorry," he says, after a moment, "I'm just not used to walking so far." "I know," I respond, resting my head lightly on his shoulder. "Is it hurting your leg?" "Not too badly. But I wouldn't want to walk for another hour." I quickly rise to my feet again, shoving the bottle into my backpack as I move. "That's okay," I state, offering him my hand. "We're ten minutes away – fifteen, tops!" He lets out a sigh but graces me with a small smile before standing and wordlessly falling into step behind me. "Okay, we're almost there now," I call back to him. He's about 30 yards behind me, and I want us to get there together. "Thank goodness," he replies as he approaches me, his mood clearly having deteriorated in the last twenty-five minutes. "Okay, so we weren't quite as close as I thought we were...but we're here now! It's just past these bushes!" I offer brightly, gesturing out to the line of scrub in front of me. Inwardly, I stifle a groan. I practically sound like Effie Trinket, I am so ridiculously positive. It's just that I want Peeta to like this so badly; I want him to smile and laugh and be happy. We haven't spent a full day just enjoying ourselves and being together in months and I'm so longing for our closeness, our spark, that I'll do just about anything to make his mood better. Regardless of how ridiculous I sound. My smile falters a little as I look over and see that he is leaning heavily against a nearby tree, lightly massaging his thigh above the join of his prosthetic. His usual easy expression is long gone, but so is his irritated glare of earlier. Now I can see him wince slightly in pain as he hits tender spots, and my heart jumps slightly in concern. "Hey, are you okay?" I rush over to him, all thoughts of making a good impression gone as I look up at his pained face in concern. Peeta opens his eyes and looks out, his gaze softening as he realises that I am right in front of him. "Yeah I'm okay. Just getting a little sore now, that's all." "Are you sure? I haven't seen you massage it like that in a while." I can feel my voice tightening a little, as it always does when I know he's in pain. "Yeah, I'm fine," he replies. I can feel a slight frown crease my forehead as I look down at his leg, but a soft hand on my cheek alerts my gaze back up. "Seriously, Katniss, I'm okay. I just need to have a bit of a break, that's all. No need to worry." I hesitate before responding. "Okay, if you're sure." "I'm sure. And besides, you said that we're almost there. And, given that you've led me on a 45 mile trek through the wilderness, I want to know what my surprise is!" The slight hint of pain remains in his eyes but his usual grin gleams at me mischievously. I simply roll my eyes, refusing to bite back at his blatant exaggeration. Instead, I swallow my snide retort and lift up onto my toes, bringing my face closer to his. "Well, we're almost there so you'll find out in a moment. You don't want to be too impatient now, do you?" I feel his hand on my hip, pulling me in closer to him, and I reach my arms around his neck as I lift my lips to nibble gently on his earlobe. His breath catches and I can feel his muscles under his shirt as I press myself against his body. Then, in a slow, drawn-out whisper, I say softly, "You know how much I hate impatience." I hear him give a slight snort of laughter and fall back to my feet, smirking. Good, now he's really smiling. That's all I wanted really. We both know that it is me who is horrendously impatient. Although I prefer to call it 'punctual'. 'Well, Ms Everdeen, that was a sneaky move," he drawls, taking a step closer to me again and tightening the circle of his arms around me. Against my will I feel my heartbeat pick up slightly; the press of his body and the warmth of his arms affecting me physically, as it always does. But now is not the time so I give my head a slight shake before reaching up and pressing a quick kiss on his cheek. "Come on," I say, shaking myself free of his embrace. "Do you want to see your surprise or do you want to stand here in front of this scrub all day?" He just stands there, his knowing smirk accompanying the seductive glint in his eyes. "Welllll..." he drags out the word, letting his meaning become clear. "Oh, cut it out!" I can't help but laugh. "Come on, it's just through here." I take his hand and lead him to the wall of shrubbery before pushing through and stepping aside to let him see. The lake is glittering in the late morning sunlight, which seems bright and harsh now that we've stepped out of the woods. The slight breeze is delightfully cool after our walk and some waterfowl are standing in the shallows, calling up to their peers in the trees. The grass along the bank is overgrown but it is lush and green, and the dandelions are standing tall and proud amongst it. Taking a deep lungful of fresh air, I feel all of my anxiety over our hike melt away. It has been so long since I've been here, and the lake's rugged beauty lay almost forgotten beneath a bed of horror in my mind. Now, standing here and seeing