This was spurned on by a post on Tumblr, talking about children of Aphrodite who might have the charm-speaking ability even though they are mute/unable to talk. As such, this was born. This story is a very minimum re-telling of The Lost Hero , featuring mute Piper. This is sign language Disclaimer: I do not own Heroes of Olympus or any of the characters Speechless Love When Jason woke up on the bus to the Grand Canyon with no memories at all, none of Leo, of school, ( of her ) Piper was heartbroken. The act of Jason taking his hand from hers hurt even more, but not as much as the look of confusion on his face as Piper flicked through the signs asking, Are you okay? He stared blankly at her like she was something from a different planet, and Leo piped up from his spot hanging over the seat in front of them, "You'd think you'd never seen common ASL before man." Jason had responded with another blank stare like he wasn't sure what was going on at all, and Piper felt like crying. Leo waggled his eyebrows at Piper as he suggested a 'healing princess kiss' and Piper bit the inside of her cheek as she turned her head away to stare out the window, refusing to make eye contact with either boy. As they got off the bus, Leo rambling how Jason better have his worksheet because he used them for spit balls (which he totally hadn't, Piper saw him draw some sort of schematics on the back of them and hide it in that jacket of his) Piper stopped Jason. You really don't remember? She made sure to go through the signs slowly. It didn't seem to help, and before Piper could do something else to convey the question, Coach Hedge called them off of the bus. Going to Camp Half-Blood, finding out the truth , didn't help matters. But it couldn't be the truth, it just couldn't. Piper told Annabeth as much, signs slow, but like everyone else, she didn't know ASL and it frustrated Piper. "Wait, wait, I have a solution right here," Annabeth fumbled at her side, before producing a cell-phone sized object that expanded into what appeared to be a laptop. She punched some keys on the laptop before setting it on Piper's lap, scooting closer to her so she could see the screen as well. "Just type what you want to say." It wasn't anything new to Piper, but it had been a while since she had to do anything this way. Piper explained the situation as much in detail but to the point as she could. Tears formed in her eyes as she typed, as Annabeth explained, because it couldn't be true, it just couldn't. Her entire relationship with Jason couldn't be a fraud, it was real, how could her feelings and their entire relationship be a lie? Jason learned ASL just to be able to be one of two people to regularly 'talk' with her, how could Piper imagine that? But it was true, Piper knew as Annabeth explained the Mist, demi-gods, and everything to her. And with every word that came out of Annabeth's mouth, Piper felt her heart sink lower. And lower. And lower. And lower. Until Piper wasn't sure anything could raise it back up from the depths it had fallen to. At the campfire that night, when Rachel Dare spoke the prophecy, Piper knew she had to go on the quest. ' The forge and dove shall break the cage' , Piper knew that it was talking about her. Even though her godly mother hadn't claimed her, Piper was certain that she had to go on the quest with Jason and not just because Drew was volunteering to accompany Jason. (But making sure Drew kept her slimy hands off of her boyfriend was a bonus. Even though Piper guessed they weren't really dating, or never actually had dated. The protectiveness-jealousy over Jason being hers still lingered, and Piper wanted to try and at least see if Jason was interested for real in her. And Piper couldn't do that if Drew went on the quest and not her.) So when Drew started to volunteer herself for the quest, Piper shot up out of her seat like someone had just set it on fire. Before she could remind herself that literally no one aside from Leo could understand ASL, Piper was flicking through hand signs at what seemed a mile a minute, trying to explain that she was the one who needed to go on the quest. Piper didn't remember this fact until Drew called out in that obnoxious honey-coated voice of hers, "Sorry sweetie, we're getting ready for a quest, not land a plane," Piper burned red, partly from embarrassment, and partly from anger because how dare she make fun of someone with a disability like she was above them. She clenched her hands into fists, and Leo came to the rescue. "She said that she should be the one to go on the quest, not Drew." He was looking between Jason and Piper, and if it wasn't for the uncertainty with Piper and Jason's relationship status, Piper would have kissed the Latino for the rescue. An argument broke out, and Piper was barely restraining herself from heading down toward the fire and starting an all-out fist fight with the head counselor of the Aphrodite cabin. And then, Piper got zapped. For as long as Piper could remember, she had never been able to talk. Her dad, grandpa, the teachers, the doctors- they tried everything but Piper was never able to make any sort of noise. There wasn't any explanation for it that they could find, medical or psychological or otherwise. Piper just, wasn't able to talk. She sometimes wished that there was some sort of cool story that she could put out as the reason why she couldn't talk, but there wasn't. Sometimes Piper thought of inventing one, but she always decided against it, because it wouldn't be right. She had always been taught not to lie, even though her dad always did with his false promises of listening to what Piper would have to tell him, but he always put work over her, always. Voice or no voice, there was one thing Piper could do. She could convince people to give her things. Regardless of whether they knew sign language or not, in any manner of communication, Piper could get anyone to give her anything. All it really took was a smile, a bat of her eyes, and they'd give her it. She could write it down, smile, and then she'd have it. For free. When Piper was sent to the Wilderness School, she had 'stolen' a BMW. The guy at the dealership had only known the alphabet for sign language. Piper had signed 'C-A-R', pointed at the BMW, gave him a smile, and the guy didn't even hesitate in giving her the keys. Of course, later he had called the cops saying that Piper had stolen the car, but that was how it always went. Because people were just too embarrassed to admit that they had willingly given her that stuff. Being claimed as a daughter of Aphrodite was something Piper hadn't been prepared for. They weren't prepared for her either, and the look on Drew's face when she had been claimed was something that gave Piper vicious glee when she thought about it. Regardless of how shallow or anything that Piper felt towards the cabin as a whole, the only thing about the Aphrodite cabin that Piper actually hated was Drew. Drew was rude, and acted as if Piper's disability made her not only mute but dumb as well. Honestly, Piper was glad to leave the cabin to go out on the quest with Jason and Leo. Anything to get out of that environment, and she had only spent one night in the cabin. The one thing that had made Piper's morning when they were leaving was Annabeth. She was leaving that morning as well to try and find her missing boyfriend, Percy Jackson, but before they left Annabeth had run up to give Piper a hug goodbye. Standing in front of Piper, Annabeth raised her hands, putting them through slow motions that, while they weren't as refined as Piper's movements, quite obviously had a lot of effort put into them. Good luck. Goodbye. Stay safe. Annabeth didn't say anything else, but Piper smiled at her, and before Annabeth could turn to leave, Piper went through an equally slow sign. Thank you. It was touching; heartwarming really, that Annabeth would put in that effort for her. It was like the start of a really bad joke- a hot guy, a mute girl, and an ice princess walk into a throne room. Except it wasn't a joke, and there was no punch line. Leo was out in the whatever-room with their ride Festus in the form of a suitcase and crazy Cal watching over him, and it was up to Piper and Jason to make sure that they could leave their meeting with Boreas intact. Khione, the Goddess of Snow and aforementioned 'ice princess', was there to be a translator between Jason, Piper, and her father, Boreas. However, when Boreas spoke, Piper reacted, understanding instantly what he was saying, hands flickering through signs she didn't know she knew, curtsying to the god. When Piper had first learned of gods and goddesses, she hadn't been sure that (if she ever had to run into one, which was the current case) they'd be able to understand her. ASL wasn't really universal, and after learning that demigods were hardwired to Ancient Greek, Piper wasn't sure if there was any sort of sign language for Ancient Greek. Boreas, however, seemed to understand her hand signs, even delighted about them, speaking to Khione, dismissing her, and even signing to Piper, and Piper even understood it, even though she could tell that it wasn't ASL. It was LSQ; langue des signes Québécoise , or Quebec Sign Language. Canadian French, which was what Boreas spoke, as his residence was in Quebec, Canada, and the gods took up the main language of their country of residence. For most of the gods and goddesses, that meant English as they were located in the States, but Boreas spoke French because he was located in Quebec. And Piper could speak-sign French (or at least LSQ) because her mom had claimed French as a language of love. So as a daughter of Aphrodite Piper could naturally understand and speak (well, sign) French. (The gods claimed the weirdest things as their own, seriously.) Jason wasn't able to follow their conversation because he couldn't speak French, and Piper sourly thought for a moment that he wouldn't be able to understand it anyway because he couldn't understand sign language. Piper was quick to squash that thought down though, because she knew that it wasn't his fault, and she shouldn't be so bitter about something that wasn't his fault. Sometimes, Piper was thankful that she didn't have a voice. Because of her inability to talk, it had made Piper a better listener than most, allowing her hearing (in her opinion) to be better than most. Not only that, but it made it so that the Cyclopes in the abandoned car factory that they crash landed into in Detroit unable to mimic her voice. Piper listened to them talk in Jason's voice, trying to persuade her off of the catwalk and down into their grips, but she didn't fall for it. The voice was achingly familiar, but the footsteps don't match. She knew what it sounded like when Jason walks, Piper remembered the sound of it when he left a short while ago, and the sound tramping up the steps wasn't it. As quick as she could with her bum ankle, Piper crept off the catwalk on the