Kinda inspired by the new Hobbit movie. Kinda little bit not really. Sort of AU in that I make it so Legolas and Aragorn met before Fellowship of the Ring, but, hey, if Peter Jackson can screw with canon as much as he's doing in the Hobbit movies, then I suppose I can do it for one little fic :) I haven't read/watched LoR in- at least five years, surely more, so they may be OOC, but I honestly tried... so, enjoy! And, if you celebrate this kind of thing, Merry Christmas Eve! The night was dark, cold, and wet. A change of scenery from perpetually hot and dry Mirkwood, yes, but the snowy mush lining the path and weighing the air left little to be desired other than the warm forest, the clouds obscuring the already faint light of the moon made the open plain as dark as the thick, shadowy woods, and he felt so exposed he had half a mind to retreat back into his homeland until daylight. All in all, Legolas was beginning to regret ever being sent on this scouting mission. He peered up at the overcast sky for a moment, searching for an end to the storm he was currently trudging through, and when there seemed to be none, he simply hunkered down and kept moving. The sooner he tracked the Orc pack to the borders of elven land, the sooner he could be safe, warm, and dry again. A particularly harsh gust of wind blew, carrying with it wet snowflakes and the heavy, stinging scent of Orc, and Legolas shuddered. "They're moving west again," he muttered to himself, crouching closer to the ground to confirm it. The pack certainly wasn't trying to cover their tracks; heavyset footprints in the snow displayed their march forward, along the coast and Mirkwood's edge as they kept out of the forest. They seemed to be in no particularly hurry, and, by the way the footprints were only beginning to fill and be obscured by snowflakes, Legolas could tell he wasn't far behind them. With a shiver, the elf drew his cloak tighter around his shoulders and picked up the pace, jogging lightly down the path keeping an eye on the evidence of the Orc's march. The roving pack had only made the mistake of staying into elven lands that led to him being out here tonight, but with rumors of threats stirring in the northern parts of the wood, even this small band could not go unaccounted for. Clearly, they had no qualms about braving the elements- but, then, their kind normally doesn't, Legolas thought with a frown. Another frigid wind started up, carrying the icy white dust over the path and wiping out all evidence of travel. Legolas sped up even more, concern brewing when he raised his head to find the storm so thick, he no longer could see any trace of the pack themselves up ahead. Damn... at this rate, I'll lose them entirely. Legolas kept on running and following the footprints, and the storm kept on growing stronger- until the trail he was following ended without so much as a warning. One moment, there were footprints, and the next, there was none. He stopped on a dime, panting slightly and breath frosting in the air, though he turned and knelt to the ground without giving himself a moment of rest. He had to squint to see it, all traces rapidly disappearing now in the face of the storm, but the footprints did continue- just not in the expected direction. While snow did not often reach the forest floor, the canopies too thick and the interior, at least, far too warm, there remained traces of white on Mirkwood's edge. And that meant it was very easy to se the evidence of the Orc's march continue, not along the coast, but veer sharply and head right into the forest. Legolas stopped for the briefest of moments, taken aback, before he redoubled his pace with a grim smile. He didn't know why they were heading back into Mirkwood when so much danger lurked within its depths, but the decision was going to make his job much easier- no self-respecting woodland elf could lose a trail if it stuck to the forest. That, and heading in this direction will take me out of this godforsaken snow. While the signs quickly grew more minute, they also doubled in number, going from just footprints to smashed twigs and broken branches, nicks on trees, the foul stench of Orc on the otherwise still, murky air- it was almost shameful, how easy it was to follow the pack. A child could keep to their trail. The further Legolas traveled, the longer night progressed, the moon traveling until it stood overhead in the sky. Faint silver light trickled down from the thick, leafy canopies above to just reach the ground, barely providing enough illumination for him to continue tracking. With a regretful sigh, Legolas slowed his travel to a light jog, and, finally, a walk, breathing hard. He leaned back against the wet bark of a tree when he came to a stop entirely, and with a glance around the enclosed space to make sure it was indeed a safe place to make camp, slid to the ground. In all likelihood, the Orcs had stopped to make camp, too, since traveling in Mirkwood at night was even more dangerous than making camp to stay in one place. He would just have to remain out here for another day to follow the Orcs as they took took their roundabout paths- hopefully straight out of elven borders. Legolas hadn't taken many supplies with him- he hadn't expected to be out overnight, after all- so there was no camp to set up. He drew out one of his swords to rest it in his lap, and absently stroked the hilt as he sent a wary eye around the forest, and when no danger was spotted, he let out a quiet sigh and let his hand still to form a loose fist around the weapon. Right. I'll just sleep here for the night, and resume following the trail as soon as I can see it. Legolas was just beginning to relax when a twig snapped behind him. His eyes flashed open, and his hold on his weapon tightened. Orc? Or... the spiders? ...Something else? Legolas rose soundlessly. He turned to search the darkness behind him, then peered anxiously up above him, but there were no signs of the white webs of the spiders or the creatures themselves, and it was hard to believe a whole pack of Orcs could be so silent in the forest. Legolas withdrew silently, moving after the sound with light, inaudible footsteps, shifting between the trees to seek the enemy. Except, there was no enemy. Legolas stood frozen when he came upon the source of the noise. He blinked in surprise, sword held up only by instinct, staring down at the sight in shock. It was a human. A man? In our forest? Legolas had never heard of a race besides elves and now, Orcs, capable of traversing Mirkwood without finding themselves lost and wandering in circles until their deaths, but here, well into the depths of the forest, sat a human. He was slumped against a tree, swathed in a dark, raggedy cloak with the hood pulled up, so still he looked as if he could've sat there to rest and died, but the two bright glints in the darkness of the hood said otherwise. He was awake and aware, by the way he held the sword by his side, healthy, and given the way he was just sitting here in the middle of Mirkwood, alone and armed with nothing more than a blade, rather stupid. Regardless, there was nothing to fear, and so, Legolas lowered his sword and stepped forward out of the shadows to speak. His presence didn't so much as startle the human, which left him wondering if perhaps the man could've been aware of his presence all along, even as he cleared his throat. "It's dangerous to be here. Why have you come into Mirkwood?" The human raised his hooded head, features still indistinguishable from the dark, as he moved his shoulders in a minute shrug. "A little of this, a little of that," he muttered vaguely. "And you, my elvish friend? Why are you here? As you say, it's dangerous. " Legolas stiffened a little at the insinuation that the danger was the same for a wandering human as it was for a woodland elf. "This is my home," he retorted, a touch defensive. "And you didn't answer my question." "Ah, but I did. You just weren't satisfied with my answer." The figure tilted his head up more, and Legolas frowned at the shadows cast over his face. "At least take your hood down. I'd like to see who I'm talking to." The human hesitated, but only for a moment, and then he raised his hand to do as asked. He revealed a tired, tanned face, with long, dark hair and even darker eyes, features that were as unreadable when seen as they were in shadows. He had a rather narrow face, with high cheekbones and a defined jawline, and a hint of stubble. His dark brown eyes were watchful and aware, focused on him with a faint curiosity, and Legolas nodded gratefully. "Thank you. If you don't mind, also- your name?" The man paused again, seeming to be contemplating something, before he gave a minute shrug. "They call me Strider, in these parts." Legolas's eyes widened in surprise. "Strider?" he repeated. "Wait... we've heard tell of a human, a newcomer in Laketown- he dispatched a band of Orcs entirely by himself. Our squad arrived to find their work already done for them, by a human who went by the name Strider. Are you-?" He shrugged again. "Yeah. What of it?" Legolas blinked, and he made himself shake his head and smile, trying not to appear quite so shocked. "Nothing- well, it's just, that's impressive. Not many humans are so skilled with a blade." For some reason, Strider seemed to find that funny. He laughed and grinned, meeting his eyes again. "Ah, I suppose not. Though my skills are nothing special. It's not hard to be superior to Orcs, after all." "That many of them?" Strider waved off the praise easily as he turned to face him fully, looking over him before asking, in a clear, abrupt attempt to change the subject, "So, I've told you my name- what about yours?" Legolas frowned. He can keep his way in Mirkwood, he fought off all those Orcs by himself... and won't even accept praise for it. This is no ordinary man. He remained silent for a moment, just looking at Strider and trying to figure out what piece of the puzzle he was missing, before he cleared his throat and decided to answer. "Legolas. Prince of Mirkwood." Strider frowned and tilted his head, eyes narrow in slight confusion now as he looked over Legolas's form. "Prince of Mirkwood?" he quoted. "Well, this is a surprise. What are you doing out here at night, alone, my prince? Out for a midnight stroll?" Legolas shook his head, wondering silently at the man's questionable demeanor. "No, there was an Orc pack I was following- yet another reason why this forest isn't safe to wonder in, Strider. You should go back to our kind's palace- that would be safest-" "I've made it this far, haven't I?" The surly reply gave Legolas pause, and he frowned again. "Re... Regardless," he said at length, dropping to the ground himself with a weary exhale, "you shouldn't risk it. Our kingdom isn't far from here, just a day's travel away- you'll be safe there, and they can show you the way out of the forest. I could perhaps escort you tomorrow morning-" "I don't need