Most of the characters belong to Rick Riordan. The map I used for this is a modified European map. Annabeth's eyes slowly opened, the world going from blurry to focused. Her head throbbed immensely, like if someone was hitting it with a hammer. She tried to move her arms but to her surprise she couldn't, they were fastened to two poles, about 3 yards away from each other. The ropes held her up but also made sure she couldn't move her arms. Suddenly all the memories came crashing in on her, she had been captured! Horrors of what might happen to her made her squirm in her bonds, trying to pull free. She felt the ropes digging into her wrists and felt a warm stream running down her forearm. "Well well well! You must be important if the King himself orders you to be kept alive," a man said from behind her. She tried to turn her head but from her position it was impossible to see him fully. She did however see his smirk as he said, "for as long as possible. And his majesty didn't really specialise what we weren't allowed to do!" His smirk grew as she stared in horror. Annabeth tried to wriggle away from him, but couldn't not with her arms stretched out. She instead attacked him verbally, screaming for help. This seemed to amuse him further, until she started calling him names. That was when his eyes darkened, "I am not stupid! I'm not a barbarian!" his face was flushed and he pulled something from his belt. A long coiled whip. Annabeth stared in horror as he warmed up his arm. Five other guards stood around them, making sure she couldn't escape. She tried to remember what her mentor had told her, but failed. She was too panicked to do anything. The whip lashed across her back, the impact jerking her body forward. The searing pain came after a few moments and Annabeth had to fight the tears back. She had not let out a sound and the guards obviously didn't take that as good. Another lash and her back exploded in pain, it felt like if someone held a hot iron against her. The tears started flowing, running down her face steady streams. Another lash, finally she screamed as the pain was too much. Another lash- she screamed, scraping up her wrists as she fought the ropes. Annabeth felt her world grow darker and the pain feeling distant. She didn't even notice when they untied her wrists and placed her on her stomach. She was abruptly thrown into a world of pain again when they threw a bucket of water in her face. Her head jerked up and she tried to get up- her back burned so much she couldn't even use her arms. The guards walked towards her, and held her down. She couldn't see what they were doing but she guessed it wasn't going to be fun for her. The guard who whipped her's voice was heard from behind, "Boys, rip up the shirt please, I cannot access her back otherwise" Annabeth's heart skipped a beat, was he going to do what she thought? She felt something cold, a knife- cutting through the thin fabric of her already ripped shirt. She felt their eyes on her bare back, probably eying the wounds she had there from the whip. "Those are some strange tattoos you've got there sweetheart," the guard said. Annabeth remembered them, unlike in the south, where magic had been gone for over a hundred years, many people in the north still possessed the powers. The tattoos served as marks for whoever could utilize the arts- people who were born with them were natural magic users. The tattoos, runes as they were called in the north, was a secret language only accessible to the people who had been taken in as apprentices of magicians. It was handed down through the trade, from master to apprentice. The runes were often colourful and could cover almost any part of a person's body. The shape of the runes and the way they coiled around someone spoke of the way that the host could use magic. When a runed child was born in the North it was immediately given to the the sorcerer's guild so that they could read the symbols and give the child a proper education in the arts of magic. The parents had no choice in giving up their child, as a people who didn't know how to control their power was extremely dangerous. This was one of the many reasons why people of the six kingdoms believed that the North was full of barbarians, people willingly giving away their children? Uncivilised. One of the other reasons why the North seemed uncivilised was that it didn't have a king, people lived in villages that governed themselves, the North was also extremely isolated from the rest of the world, the only part of it that had any contact with the kingdoms was called the Outposts. The ruler of the Outposts called himself king of the North but he didn't have any power or access to it. The villages in the region had come together and had people posted around the borders, killing anyone who tried to gain access. The people of the North had no common language but spoke variations of three different, all easy to understand for each other but not for people who spoke the common tongue. The six kingdoms consisted of the kingdoms of Ogygia, Hades, Celestia, Olympia, Elysium and Atlantis. Before they had been separate they had all been been provinces in the great empire of Othrys. The Othryan people were masters of witchcraft and magic, the dark arts. They had built a great empire in a decade that managed to stand for a century- when the provinces all gathered up and toppled the black throne. They left the once great empire in ruins and retreated to their own lands. All that was left was said to be smoking piles of ash. The first kingdom, Ogygia, was a series of islands led by their royal family, the current king was called Atlas and his daughter was the crown princess, called Calypso. It's capital was called York. Atlas had many children, and even more women, and even though he had many bastards he stood his ground and invited many of them to his court. Ogygia was the most isolated of the kingdoms, since it was an island nation. That didn't stop it from getting invaded by the rising kingdom of Atlantis. The people of Ogygia had managed to surround the Atlantic army in one part of the land. Later when they made peace that part fell in the hands of Atlantis who set of a great harbour for trading. The main exports were coal and fish, but they also traded with oil, a resource that the noble families had started using as fuel. The second kingdom was Hades. Hades was a balanced country, were the king didn't have much power. The people voted for many things that the king had to enforce- this didn't seem to bother the royal family. Their king was called Hades, his parents must have been very imaginative. 'Hey let's name our kid after our country so that when he'll become king it will seem as if he renamed the country after himself!' Hades and his wife Maria had led their country into a golden age, making it the second, if not the richest kingdom. Their main exports were wheat, fruits, wine and gold. The royal family consisted of Hades, his wife Persephone and his two legitimised bastards, prince Nico and crown princess Bianca. Hades didn't have any children with Persephone and had to legitimise his children, though their relationship with the queen was said to be a bit tense. They had also been in a war with the Atlantic people, a war they almost lost, the Atlantic army had gotten far into the nation when they negotiated peace. The capital of Hades was called Alicante. The third kingdom was called Celestia, it was the kingdom that was closest to Othrys. Almost a third of it was surrounded by the old Othryan border. The king of Celestia, Charles Dare, resided in the capital, Berlin. He ruled with an iron fist and was the richest monarch. His subjects all paid high taxes to him and many of them were forced to work in his mines. The main export of Celestia were various metals, ranging from gold, to iron to the most valuable metal bronze. Bronze was an alloy, made from tin and copper and almost every kingdom could create their own, but the Celestian blacksmiths forged the metals with a special casting method that made it more durable, lighter and easier to keep sharp if forged to a sword. The fourth kingdom was Olympia. The capital was called olympus and was ruled by the self-proclaimed king Zeus. His wife was called Beryl, with her he had two children- princess Thalia, the oldest and crown prince Jason. The reason that Thalia wasn't the crown princess was that Olympa, like many of the kingdoms, was male dominant. The Olympian army was the strongest and most well-trained. The Olympian people liked their king, many thought he acted a bit childish sometimes, throwing fits as he thought people conspired against him. King Zeus hand many children with other women. Olympia's biggests exports were fruit and wine. Zeus had for many years been in arguments with the kings of Atlantis and Hades. He was certain one of them would overthrow him, especially the Atlantic king. The reason may have been well-supported as Atlantis had been in a state of constant conquest, creating ports and colonies almost everywhere. The only thing they seemed to be missing was a piece of land that didn't have any connection to the sea. The fifth kingdom was Elysium. The capital of Elysium was the city of Rome. Elysium was the beach resort of the world. People, often the richest, went to relax at their estates on the beaches or to gamble at the casinos- the biggest of which was the Lotus Casino. The rulers were King Tristan and Queen Aphrodite. Together they had one child although Aphrodite probably had many secret lovers, and maybe children. Their child was crown princess Piper. Elysium imported more wares than it exported, its only economical gain being tourism. It imported all luxury wares like wine, gold and gems for its visitors to look at. The sixth kingdom was probably the richest, it was the kingdom of Atlantis. The ruling family was the Jacksons. They were the only royals who had a common-name, it also fit them the most as they were the ones who identified themselves the most with their people. King Poseidon often talked with his subjects, helping sailors and many times joining their trade missions to other kingdoms. His wife, Queen Sally was a calm and loving woman, she was from a simple merchant's family and had worked her way up to a position where the king had noticed, and fallen in love with her. Their children were called Perseus and Andromeda. Perseus was the oldest one of them, making him crown prince. He was just like his father, simple, he wasn't like many of the other spoiled brats that lived at the courts of the different families. He was currently living as an honoured guest at the court of King Zeus, in Olympia. Atlantis was the richest kingdom because it controlled all the sea, all trade across the sea was Atlantic. It was also the only country with access to salt which raised the price they could charge for the important ware. The exports of Atlantis were, amongst others, pearls, dyes, fish, salt, copper and gold. The Atlantic colonies around the continent were home to the biggest harbours and were where most transactions occurred. Atlantis had been