Rhiannon: I know that some of you guys were a big fan of this… Bando-eido asked me to put this up under me since I did the other chapters… I got some really good reviews from this and I hope that you all read it again and that I get new reviews as well. Sano: Please don't talk. Rhiannon: Go back to your own fandom! Here's Bando's ch! Chapter One (Unknown POV) What do I fear? I asked myself that everyday. Along with the other stupid questions I had to ask myself every morning as I stared at myself in the mirror. I don't do that anymore. Not now that I have everything, and absolutely nothing, to fear. I don't fear death. But I fear the night. I fear the night because of the horrible memories that come. But he takes them away, so I don't have to fear the night as much anymore. This is my story. You might know how it began. But this is how it ended. You may know the story of the Fellowship of the Ring, and how the fellowship itself failed, but the quest did not. But that's only half the story. Here's the rest... (Author's POV) A falcon skimmed the treetops. The distant roar of the waves crashing on the beach echoed through the silent land. Time stood still for those awake to regard it. Sebastion Mytherial was one such person. He stood on the balcony from his room, in his new house, looking out over the other houses to the ocean. He thought about his old town, and his friends, and his family. But most of all, he thought about the miles that separated him from them. Sebastion hated everything about his life. He hated how he had been dragged, against his will, across the United States of America, to this place his parents were already calling home. He wanted to go back to the East coast. Back to Rhode Island, and back to his home. He hated how he could never sleep, because the dreams would come to him again. The dreams of hopelessness, of disgusting monsters taking him and dragging him away from his faceless companions. The dreams of holding the heavy stone, made of pure crystal, and an eye that watched him without blinking. Never stopping, always ordering him to go and do his bidding. Sebastion supposed the dreams were a reaction to moving to the West coast, as they had begun the first night he had been there, and had continued for the past week. The monsters were his parents dragging him away from his friends, and the stone that ordered him around was the burden of being an only child, with over-protective parents. Sebastion enjoyed interpreting dreams, and he loved dreaming, just to be able to better understand himself. But now... he never wanted to sleep anymore. Sebastion jumped up onto the railing, then into the tree beside it, then scampered down the tree. He took off for the beach, well knowing that his parents would never suspect that he had left. When he got to the beach, he was only mildly surprised to find that there were two or three couples walking along the beach. The summer weather was very mild, and the breeze was sweet as it blew from land to sea. Sebastion pushed his curls out of his face as the wind gently lifted them and caressed them in its gentle grasp. He felt silly to be walking the beach in solitude, wearing a pair of shorts, as white T-shirt, and no shoes. A couple paused to kiss each other. The moment was perfect. The breeze curling around them, the swollen moon shining on the beach, the waves gently lapping at their feet. Sebastion looked away. It was near the end of August, and school would be starting on the first of the month. Sebastion was not looking forward to being the new student. Especially since he was from across the country, and he had heard that California high-schoolers were all about partying. Sebastion was worried about his grades; his parents expected the best out of him. Sebastion had been very popular back at his old school, but it never mattered that he was smart there. California...well, he wasn't sure what his social standing would be. The couple broke. The waves pulled up closer onto the beach. Sebastion walked closer to the water. The waves covered his feet. Sebastion stepped forward again. A sharp shell drove itself into his foot. Sebastion cried out in pain as he jumped backwards, the shell fell out of the wound, and his blood exited the wound, staining the water as salt water filled it and Sebastion screamed again. The couple that had been kissing ran up to the wincing, sixteen-year-old boy. "Are you all right?" The woman asked urgently. Sebastion didn't answer except to scream again at the pain of the salt in his wound. The man examined the wound carefully. "It's deep. Come on now. That's a good lad." He picked Sebastion up and carried him up to the grasses that were beyond the fences that separated the beach from the grass and soil. "I'm going to take you to our house. It's just a little way." The man stated quietly to Sebastion. "No!" He cried, and began to try to push himself away. The man held him tighter. "My wife and I won't kidnap you. I'm a doctor, and I can help you clean and bandage that." "You don't understand! I have to get back! My parents! They don't know I'm gone! I was just taking a walk! We've just moved here!" The woman laid her hand on Sebastion's arm. "Shh. It's okay. We won't tell anyone. We'll just clean and bandage that, and then you can go home." Sebastion hung his head. "I'm very sorry for making you do this." "Nonsense!" Cried the woman. "My husband and I are more than happy to help you! It'd be best if you weren't to get sick from that. We won't let it get infected." After several more minutes of pain, they came to a large house and they went inside, where Sebastion was guided to the couch to sit down while they retrieved the bandages and rubbing alcohol. A girl, about Sebastion's age came down the stairs, rubbing her eyes in the sudden light. "Mom? Dad? Did you come back from your walk?" She glanced at a clock. "You're early returning. You weren't due home for another fifteen minutes." Her mother came out of the bathroom, her father in tow, carrying the bandages. "This young lad stepped on a sharp sea shell and ended up with a rather nasty wound. Your father and I are helping him." She gestured to Sebastion, who smiled weakly. The girl turned to him and extended her hand. "My name is Morgana. And these are my parents, Estelle and Daniel O'Connor." Sebastion nodded and shook her hand. "My name is Sebastion Mytherial." She smiled. "Now there's a name I don't hear often. What grade are you going into this year?" "Junior." She beamed. "So am I! Maybe we'll have classes together." Daniel looked at Morgana. "Where is Alastor? He's usually awake this late." She rolled her eyes. "He was totally beat today. He spent the whole day playing basketball. He's dead to the world upstairs." "You have a brother?" Sebastion asked hopefully, with a prayer for a possible friend. Perhaps her brother would be friendly, like she was. She laughed. "Yes, but you could never tell, with all the times he's away. He's excited that he's going to be starting Senior year, so he won't have much to do with anybody younger than him." "Oh- OWWWWWW!!" He screamed as Estelle poured some rubbing alcohol onto the wound. "Oh, stop being a baby. It's not going to hurt much soon, and what will, will be from the bruising." Daniel wrapped his foot with the bandages shortly there after, and they sent him on his way. Estelle cried out in realization. "Oh! You must be the people who just moved in a few streets over! The family from Rhode Island?" Sebastion nodded numbly. "Oh, then welcome to California! I hope you like it here." She smiled and waved as Sebastion smiled back and nodded to them as he limped down the sidewalk while a clock somewhere chimed twelve times. It was Sebastion's first day of school in California, and he was nervous. Over the past few days, since he had met Daniel and his family, he had only seen them a couple of times. And every time, they apologized for Alastor's absence, as he was away with his friends, or with his girlfriend. They had come to greet the new family, and had not let on that they had known Sebastion at all. In fact, Sebastion would have believed that meeting them had been a dream if not for the fact that he did not sleep for fear of dreaming, or for the wound on his foot. His father, who wished him well on his first day of school, had dropped off Sebastion. He shook his head as he scanned the locker numbers for his. 689, 690, 691, 692, 693, 694, 695, 696... Locker number six hundred ninety-seven was his locker. Sebastion stopped in front of it, and someone barreled into him. "Hey!" A loud, masculine voice hissed, as the owner of it pulled his body away. Sebastion whirled around to find himself looking a boy with short, lightly curled almond-colored hair and blazing green pools for eyes. He opened his mouth to apologize, but no words escaped, because, just as he was about to, a slightly shorter boy lay his hand on the first boy's shoulder. "Alastor! Leave him alone! There's no need to take out your problems on him. He didn't do anything to you!" The boy scolded, none-too-gently. 'Alastor' glanced at Sebastion. "I'm sorry. I should not have taken my aggressions out on you." He turned away, looking insincere about his apology. "Come on, Nick, we can't be late for class." 'Nick' sighed. "I'm sorry. His girlfriend just broke up with him, and now he's on a warpath. He's usually quite kind." "Nick!" "Hold ON!" He turned back to Sebastion. "My name is Nicholas Parker. It's a pleasure to meet your acquaintance." Sebastion smiled numbly and shook his hand. "Sebastion Mytherial." Nick smiled, "I'll see you later! Good luck on your first day!" Sebastion stared after him. How had he known that it was his first day? He shook off the feeling of familiarity and put it off just as though Nicholas knew the students by name or face, and had not recognized him. He looked down at his schedule. Algebra 2. Sebastion sighed in discontentment at the prospect of having to deal with math first thing in the morning. But on the bright side, it allowed him to finish the class earlier in the day, and then he did not have to worry about it after that. He wandered around the hallways for a good ten minutes before finding the classroom and walking in, just as the bell rang. "Sebastion!" He jerked up to see Morgana waving to him from the middle of the room. He walked up to her. "Good morning." "Good morning. It's a good thing you got here at the early bell. You have a good choice of seats that way. Sit here." She gestured to the seat next to her. Sebastion stared at the seat she had offered him and remembered the boy in the hall. "I think I met your brother." "Alastor?" He sat down. "Yeah. Taller than me by a couple inches, light brown, curly hair, green eyes..." Sebastion wasn't about to mention that they had also been the most piercing, not to mention beautiful green eyes he had ever seen. "That's him." "He ran into me...literally. And then he got mad at me,