Here a (in Queenies own words) short One Shot, a wish from one of her German readers! These Chapters are all Special One Shots to the Main Fanfiction When Hermione Fights. Very Important also: Please do not read if you are below 18! As this story and their Special One shots are for adults only! And of course we don't owe anything and we don't get rich from it, but we enjoy it, and we get rich of love and hugs and friends. All of the characters and the world etc. belongs to J.K. Rowling! Also, these chapters are not essential to the main fanfiction When Hermione Fights, as they just tell you the very background story of some of the moments of the story. But they are really good too, and we love to share our happiest moments with you. ;) Freshly Betad by: Sop12345d Thanks so much to beta this huge piece! So, lean back and hopefully enjoy. Please just read this One Shot if you have read: Chapter 6, Insights of my Past! The parents sins Mr. Granger POV "Good god, this child! It will drive me mad one day!", my wife, visibly upset, ran her hand through her hair and looked at me desperately. "Please, Helen, she is our daughter," I called out, worried at her awareness, and stroked myself with a harsh gesture over my burning eyes. Why must our life be so hard? "I know..." I sighed that ailingly, so much so that it almost physically hurt, but to my chagrin, I could understand her feelings all too well, and I didn't feel that guilty towards our daughter. She was a burden from the day she was born, and as much as I feel sorry, I needed to admit it! "What do you mean by that? She'll always be our daughter, it's Hermione," I whispered with a broken voice. This strife in my family has laid heavy in my stomach for years. Because it was true, it might be exhausting, but she will always be our own flesh and blood. She'd always get what she wanted, what I was able to give her, as long as we could cope in one way or the other to keep our life on a halfway normal path. Since we welcomed Hermione on the day she was born, we pushed huge and heavy problems in front of us. Whereby, that wasn't entirely true! When did it begin? When did it start to be so utterly complicated? I don't quite know anymore. When I really think about it, I know for sure, that it started too early to be quite creepy. Did it start when she began to crawl? Or with her first, awkward attempts to walk? Or was it her blowups, when she didn't get the toys she wanted, while she was imprisoned in her cot, as the creepy signs began? There was the problem, as Hermione tried to make the impossible possible, it made our life for the last 10 years hell. Apart from the fact that Hermione was, as a child, pure joy: curious, intelligent and smart. Our child has shown us from the very beginning that she outstripped her contemporaries by far and has been obviously ahead of their development. All parents would've been blissful at first to call a child like that their own, if there wouldn't have been these inexplicable outbursts, which put fear and terror into us. Her inexplicability brought us horrible compunctions and spurred us into a negative fantasy. "I beg your pardon, - wizards? Witches? That's mischief!" gave my wife with a slight hysterical pitch, regarding the fact that our daughter had brought us our next shock of our life, on her accord. I impatiently hit the tabletop and grimaced, as my wife still tried to adjust to everything by suppressing it. Usually she was so rational, but when it came to our daughter's outbursts, she always became slightly hysterical. Slowly and sadly I then shook my head, because I could see toys flying around wildly through the room in my memories, objects which stood in the way disappearing, or items weighing like tons easily shifting on their own, out of the blue. The first outburst left me beyond desperate and shocked. My wife and I cried ourselves to sleep that night. We felt like we'd been in the wrong movie. Since when could this be real? What did we do, that Hermione could do something like that? Maybe we could've learned to deal with it and the floating objects wouldn't have been the worst, but when Hermione attacked Helen with a broken shard of the bottles and glasses she had tossed down the table, as she got one of her tantrums and hurt Helen on the cheek, I snapped. I did something unforgivable and hit my daughter, my child. I assumed, that she was too young to remember, but I did it on this day. It has strained me since then with guilty feelings. Afterwards a world broke apart for me and even for Helen. The revelation of how the inexplicable talent of my child could force me to do such a thing was terrifying and that a toddler could hurt her own mother, daunting. Over the years my wife and I despaired, as Hermione frequently did new, terrifying things, which never gave us rest. To now receive this information, that everything happened because of magic, was illuminating. Magic was immediately an adequate explanation for me, of which I was ready to accept, as it provided me a profound escape, which didn't let me doubt my sanity, whilst my wife drowned in doubts. I clutched the parchment which provided the explanation of magic as hard and as desperately as my wife was hopeless. "The owl, she did it and we didn't imagine it," I dared to interpose with feigned confidence. Eventually the particularities around my daughter reached the climax, when this morning on the patio we became flabbergasted, for a huge bird had landed, plummeting onto our table and holding out a letter to Hermione. "Tush, owls are like carrier pigeons," my wife claimed vehemently and I grinned, although this time didn't feel like grinning. I assumed that she would try everything to deny this other world. "They are?," I asked, scoffing tenderly. "Stop it, take me seriously," my wife riled back. "I do take you seriously. An owl has landed here with a letter and one can blame Hermione for many things, but a vivid imagination does not belong to her, darling! She didn't write it, nor did she find an owl," I defended her. I realised my peculiar wish: that it was really true and I would finally have an explanation to what was wrong with her. "I would trust her to do everything. This child does enough mischief! This ominous letter will just make everything worse, or do you believe it?" her big, brown eyes looked hopefully at me and at the same time desperately intense. "What? That this world is real?" I wanted to hear it and nervously played with the handle of my tea cup. "Yes, don't you think that this is just nonsense and a crazy idea?" Helen whispered, really unhappy, and stroked a curly strand with a trembling hand harshly away from her forehead. "Hermione is a strange and odd child." "Oh please, who in my family is not odd?" I scaled it down playfully, because I didn't like it when my wife showed me that she distanced herself emotionally more and more from Hermione and I didn't like it either, when she labeled her as just a child. Our relationship to our daughter was tense and shaped with a certain chill, albeit I appreciated it, when she still got everything she needed to train her keen mind. But even I as well as my wife, couldn't provide her with great love, since we lost this great, intoxicating feeling towards her years ago. This tragic confession caused my heart to burn past belief. I never wanted to become such an incredibly bad person. Was this the reason why I was a bad person? Was I a bad father? Thoughts like that haunted me every second. They demoralized me and cost me many sleepless nights. They made my life miserable and from time to time my family was such a burden to me that I almost couldn't bare it anymore. "What do you mean by that?" she immediately whispered back, exhausted, as she could sense the reproach in my voice. By all means we had an unpleasant argument together every now and then, as we rarely agreed with each other on how we would get around Hermione and what we would do to make sure that no one would know what was wrong with our daughter. We lived a secret and hidden life which strained us, because it wasn't easy for us to prevent that family, acquaintances, friends and the school noticed that Hermione was just not normal. It was more than difficult because she just was different than other children. Thus I reacted to my wife's indignation with just a disparaging shrug. "That's what I say, all members of your family have always been highly talented... you too" I repelled. Every child who is bright will have a difficult life in school, wherefore inevitably, sometime the disillusionment follows after the happiness to have such a "special" child, though in our case the happiness has never been there, as Hermione's exceeding talents has been too unusual that anyone would've faced us with incomprehension and distrust and we would've aroused unwanted attention. I briefly put my hand over my forehead as if I had a headache. I never wished for much in my life. We lived a good life. We had a house, had enough money, a job which satisfied us and a child, who was successful in school, and despite her intellectual giftedness, she got on there, admittedly in her own way, but better than many others. Why did everything else, apart from this, have to be so difficult? But how must it be for Hermione? Who, as I knew very well, had no friends, due to either her intellectual giftedness or her outbursts. How must it be, when one suddenly skipped classes and got praised, because one was so smart? Yet, one won't ever get friends like that, when one does inscrutable and uncanny things - it was spectacularly difficult to be a child! I felt awfully sorry for my daughter. But how I could adequately change something for her? I didn't know then, but now the chance had come up to me to help her at least partially, as the isolation based on her intellectual giftedness was still there. I needed to support her to bring about her life and so I could maybe relieve the wrong I committed towards my child. "You can't explain Hermione's 'otherness' with this - that I or my family have always been very precocious or just even very talented," Helen retorted, extremely offended. She sniffed, the tears reflecting in her eyes. She didn't like it when I compared her with Hermione and disregarded my own family. We shoved the blame back and forth for years about who was responsible over Hermione being just different. There were many ugly moments in our marriage because of our daughter! "Touche, my love," showing myself as very approachable and leaning back with a sigh, at the same time ignoring the delicate topic of guilt. In quiet moments, I blamed myself and just myself, but Helen too was at odds with herself over who the blame should be laid upon. It was an eternal circle, which we could just barely break, as we couldn't get to an outcome. My wife recognized the purpose behind the recrimination. She briefly fell quiet, whilst I, lost in thought, smoothed down the owl's letter, still in front of me. "I'm still unhappy, as I