Hello guys, I'm back! I can't stay away from Marauders era ? While watching the movie Two Night Stand a few weeks ago I thought the characters were like Lily and James and came up with the idea for this story, it is slightly based on the movie. Warnings: this story is rated M for language, sexual innuendo and recreational use of light drugs. If you don't like empowered women talking about sex, you probably won't like this story. ps: As some of you may know, I'm Brazilian, even though I've studied English most of my life there may be some mistakes, feel free to point them out (politely, 'cause it doesn't hurt to be nice!) If you like the story let me know! Kisses, Andy Two Night Stand It was possible to see the sun slowly fading in the horizon of Hogwarts' grounds from the big window at the 7th year girls' dorm in the Gryffindor tower, the dorm was empty except for two girls, the rest of them enjoying their free time after dinner, especially on a Friday night. "Come on Lily!" the brunette was pleading to the huddled covers in front of her "You haven't had fun since that Diggory piece of shit broke up with you". Tangled red tresses were seen peeking from the covers and a very pissed Lily Evans eyed her. "Thanks for reminding me I was dumped, Anneliss!" she snarled right before pulling the covers over her head again. "Lily, it was three months ago!" Anneliss reasoned running her hands through her head like her cousin used to. Receiving no answer, she started breathing heavily until she pulled her friend's covers unveiling the redhead in her mermaid pajamas. "Now listen here, this is not the Lily Evans I know. You will take a relaxing bath, comb that mess off your hair, go to the party, get fucking hammered and will hook up with someone!". Lily blinked several times through wide eyes trying to figure out if her friend was serious, Anneliss' face was impassive. "Don't make me hex you, Lils" Anneliss said lifting one eyebrow, Lily didn't doubt that she would indeed hex her if she didn't get up on the next minute, so she exhaled loudly leaving her bed and pulling her towel and clothes from her drawer with unnecessary force. "You know" Lily started grumpy halfway through the door. "I should just end this party and put you and the rest of your friends in detention for it. I'm Head Girl". "You definitely need some sex, sweetie" Anneliss said before ducking when a red light jolted form Lily's wand and the door was closed behind her. "I'll remember that". Lily made her way to the monitors' bathroom, maybe Liss was right and a good bath would make her feel better, it was not that she was still sad about the break up, she was just angry. For the past sixteen months, she had been in a relationship with Amos Diggory, she believed he was the one, she planned a future with him and as soon as he graduated he decided she was no longer part of his plans. "Stupid boys" she muttered getting inside the bathroom, the first thing her eyes laid on was a sculptured chest, then jet black hair with droplets of water still on, finally unfocused hazel eyes. "Evans?" his voice met her with quite a shudder, something about a shirtless James Potter, with hair still damp and unbuckled belt pressured her stomach and made her mouth dry, the boy tattered for his glasses on the bench beside him, once his eyes could finally focus on her he smiled. "Never imagined you would be a pervert". She blinked a few times trying to focus on his eyes and not on his abs, which was hard since he crossed his arms on his chest and was amusingly looking at her. "I wasn't supposed to be granted entry with you still in here" she was confused, not knowing if it was some effect of his exposed abs she decided to focus on one of the windows at the far right of the bathroom. "I'm finished and dressed, that's probably why" he smiled unfolding his arms, and started to buckle his belt, she swore to herself that she did not stare. The boy then started to slowly button up his shirt, Lily noticed one droplet falling from his damp hair and making his way to the nape of his neck, disappearing behind the collar of his shirt. "Enjoying the view?" James had an inquisitive brow up and a smirk playing on his mouth. "Thinking how much longer will you take to button it up. I want to take a bath, you know?" Lily retorted feeling mad at herself for being caught ogling at damned James Potter. She was so busy kicking herself mentally that didn't see when a fully dressed James was just a few inches from her. "You really need to relax, Evans" his voice made her loins hurt and after a short second he was making his way out of the bathroom, but stopped to analyze her stiffened body. "Hope you make it to the party tonight, you definitely need to loosen up". "Fuck you, Potter" Lily retorted throwing her towel and clothes where his things were once lying. "Is it a threat or a 'to-do list'?" he laughed at how she blushed furiously and left the bathroom before she could think of a comeback. After kicking the bench where she deposited her stuff and immensely regretting it for the pain acquired in her left foot, she opened the faucets and let the colors, bubbles and hot water fill the tub. The heated water soothed her skin and she felt instantly relaxed, she let out a sigh and remembered her encounter with James Potter, was she flirting with him? No! She definitely wasn't… maybe just staring too much. He was indeed hot, though… "I refuse to think about it" she whispered to herself, feeling a little overwhelmed by the hot water and her thoughts on the well sculpted body of James Potter. Ok. Maybe she needed some sext after all. "Merlin be praised, you're here!" Anneliss hugged her excitedly. Lily looked around and remembered why she didn't like going to these parties, everyone was having a blast, not that it was a problem, but she felt displaced. "Here" Anneliss voice caught her attention again, she was offering her a cup, full of alcohol. Well, once you're in a party… right? She drank the amber liquid until it stopped stinging her tongue. "Oh that's my song!" Lily reached for Anneliss, who was safely trapped on Sirius Black arms, kissing him hungrily, the redhead analyzed them for a minute, when was the last time that she and Amos had lost themselves in one another that way? Maybe he was right, they lacked passion. And her cup lacked alcohol. "Look who made from her cave!" that voice, oh that damned voice. James Potter was leaning against the booze table, it was originally a study table and a blonde girl from the fifth year seemed to angrily ignore everything around her and kept her herbology book opened on an almost empty corner of it. Now and then droplets of drinks would fall on her pages, how long until she was too annoyed and left? "Hey! Hogwarts to Evans". "Sorry" she apologized turning her attention back to the boy with spiked hair. "So…" he started "what brought you here today?" "I want to drink until I forget that I was dumped, even though I now realize that I was in a passionless relationship" she said looking at her shoes. "I want to forget that second part too". "Well, I'll drink to that" James raised a small cup with a clear liquid inside and drained it in one big gulp. "At least he had the decency to break up with you, could be worse, right?" Lily weighted on his words, there was something that she was supposed to remember, but the alcohol wasn't letting her. "So" he started after silence reigned between them "I assume you don't dance." "Oh, no" she smiled, the fuzzy feeling of alcohol running through her veins "I do dance, but if I did everyone in this room would probably fall in love with me." she chocked on a laugh in the end and James followed her. "Also, your cousin is too busy to dance or even to interact with me." James eyes darted to the far left of the room, where Liss and Sirius were making out, and winced. "They should get a room, right?" Lily laughed on her cup, now full of firewhisky, things were starting to get blurred. "Oh no, I should get one, instead of laying on my bed assuring myself that my cousin and my best friend are not having sex on the bed beside mine under an imperturbable charm" he took a sip from his cup while Lily started laughing uncontrollably. "Sorry" she said after a few seconds, touching his chest lightly, but barely stopping. "Poor you." It was the closest they have ever been, he was curiously looking at her, as if he was holding onto a joke that only he knew. A strange, but not unknown feeling started growing inside Lily. "Want to get out of here?" she said and he smile grew. "I would love to, Evans." The next thing she knew she had marched towards the far corner of the room pulling Anneliss and Sirius apart. "I'm leaving with your cousin" she blurted and the couple started blinking several times as if to assimilate her words. "James?" Sirius was the first to regain consciousness. "Yup" the ginger replied. "I need a drink, a strong one" he said "Don't do anything before I come back". Lily watched as he crossed the room, he took a shot and turned to James, they exchanged a couple of words until James gave him what seemed to be some crumpled parchment, it was the damned map Lily had confiscated once. Sirius then proceeded to get out of the tower, leaving the redhead puzzled. "So...?" Lily's thoughts vanished when she heard Liss. "I'm going to hook up with James Potter" she said matter-of-factly. "Merlin, is this real life?" Anneliss stated in a drunken tone, but her expression changed suddenly. "Wait here for a minute." The brunette ran in the direction of the boys' dormitory and for several minutes Lily stood awkwardly on the corner, facing the window, the buzz from the alcohol was still strong, but not enough so she didn't know what she was doing. Although, the loud music and frantic thumping of her own heart she started to feel a little dizzy. Anneliss came back and put something large on her hand, a mirror with a piece of paper glued to it, she then went on to walk with her towards the booze table, Sirius was back from wherever he'd gone. As soon as they got there, Anneliss whispered something on her boyfriend's ear and he gave her a wicked smile before kissing her, when the ginger turned to the other side looking for more liquid courage, she faced a disheveled James Potter with his invisibility cloak in hand. "Had a change of mind?" he asked, rather nervous about the answer. "No way" she smiled through her nervousness "Let's get out of here." As soon as the Fat Lady portrait slammed behind her, she started thinking about that movie she saw once at home where a nerdy girl went out with the popular guy and she ended with pig blood all over her. Well, at least if this was her fate, she could at least kill him like the girl on the movie, right? He threw his invisibility cloak on them and the closeness of his body made her a shiver run through her body. "Where are we going?" she whispered after they descended a