Note: I know nothing about dancing—save for the little bits of information I learned from googling and watching the early seasons of So You Think You Can Dance . I know nothing about classical music either—save for the bits I learned from endlessly binge watching Nodame Cantabile and once binge watching Your Lie in April . So if I named something wrong or wrote about some misinformation then do let me know! Apart from that, I hope you enjoy this. Ages ago my friend and I gushed about the Marauders in a performing arts alternate universe. So this is a call back to that. Mostly I just imagined this scenario of Mary jumping into Sirius' arms in a koala hug and I thought that I had to put this in a story somewhere. Anyway. Thank you, hope you enjoy, and as always feedback is always appreciated! Interacting Galaxies The hall is a bit… echo-y. Mary frowns. The sound comes out full-bodies from the piano. Yet, as it spreads throughout the air it disintegrates before it even has the chance of bouncing off the walls. Nevertheless, she keeps her fingers dancing over the keys. Sonata Pathétique does not deserve this frustrating experience. It is as if she wants to take something, but she can't even reach it. Mary sighs. What does she expect, anyway? This hall is a ceremonial hall—not concert. It's not a practice hall either. The space was not designed in a way to contain sound. The walls not built to support musical instruments without proper amplification. Really, she does not have to be so snobby as to criticise a place she's only using for a day. Still. She wants this practice to go as smoothly—as usual, but especially now because of the venue change—as possible without any mistakes on her part. The end of year celebrations is two weeks away and with exams on top of everything else time is not their friend right now. Damn Dirk Cresswell and stealing their already booked practice hall from under their noses. "Early as always, Macdonald." Mary looks up. Sirius emerges from the shadows of the backstage dressed in shorts and a jumper with a bag slung across his back. He gives her a grin. She returns it. He goes to her and embraces her by the shoulders. She leans into him, but continues to play. "I have to warm up." He kisses the top of her head. "So do I. But I love sleeping in." "Well… so do I," Mary quips. He releases her and drops his bag by the piano. Quickly, he removes his jumper, revealing a tight-fitting singlet underneath, and shoes. She peeks at him as he sets his garments aside before stretching up, revealing a dimpled lower back. She looks away, a smile pulling at her lips. "I just want more time to prepare." Sirius lowers his arms with a sigh. "I envy your discipline." Mary chuckles. "Yeah? Then try developing yours." "And risk eye-bags? Never!" She rolls her eyes. They say no more as they focus on their own activities. Mary puts her full attention on the piece she's playing, but sometimes she steals glances at Sirius. He's going through his warm up routine. After stretching every muscle on his top half, he sits on the floor and works on the lower half. Sirius' flexibility is ridiculous; just when Mary thinks he can't stretch his limbs any longer, somehow he manages to reach an inch or so more. He's one of the top contemporary dancers in the college, his interpretation and technique is second to none. Mary thinks it's his body. He's six feet tall, so he's occupying plenty of space already, but when he dances it's as if nothing can contain him. It's daunting, playing for him. However, when he asked her to compose for his end of year celebration performance she was quick to accept. There's no way she would pass an opportunity to play to Sirius' talent. And something about him dancing to her composition creates these little maddening flutters in her chest. As Sirius stands, Mary slowly transitions to the opening notes of the performance composition, but he shakes his head. "Play what you were playing before." "Oh?" "Yeah, I'll warm up a bit more until Doe comes in." "Right." She restarts the second movement of the sonata. She watches him, fingers flying over the keys without supervision because she's memorised this piece upside-down, inside-out. Sirius walks around in a small circle, rotating his arms and craning his neck from one side to the other. Finally he stops, facing the stage. He closes his eyes. Then he begins to move. Being a classical pianist, Mary knows squat about dancing—except for the things Sirius tells her. Yet even then she barely understands the proper techniques or whatnot, the choreography and that. He's the same when she talks classical music. But she's not a robot. Though she's watching something she can't understand on a technical level, her heart and soul tells her that what she's witnessing is something inexplicably beautiful. Sublime. Breathtaking in a way that overwhelms her. Sirius dances to the piece, the choreography all coming from his head. The first time he did this with her, she was so worried of having to butcher the piece to keep up with his dancing… but she didn't have to. Sirius took the music as guide for his interpretation than force her to accommodate him—unlike the other egocentric dancers in the college. He still does that now. She teases him about developing more discipline, but that kind of thoughtfulness not only speaks about him as a performer, but it also highlights his dedication to improving his craft. "Bravissimo!" The music stops. Mary's hands drop to her lap as she looks towards the entrance hall. It's Dorcas. She's sauntering down the sloped aisle, applauding leisurely with a teasing smile on her face. Mary glances at Sirius and sees him planting his hands on his hips, giving Doe a less than impressed expression. Doe doesn't even acknowledge that; she ascends the stage nonchalantly, ceasing the applause as she approaches the piano. "Finally, she arrives," Sirius comments wryly. "I'm not that late—hello, darling." Doe says, kissing both of Mary's cheeks after dropping her bags next to Sirius'. There's no room for small talk as Doe makes quick work of removing her shoes and jumper, revealing a loose one off-shoulder shirt worn over leggings that reach her calves. She then bounds to Sirius, kissing both of his cheeks as well while he hugs her. They start to talk amongst themselves, their voices too low for Mary to hear. She returns to the piano and does some quiet scales. "Sorry, Mary," Doe says, "I'll warm up and we can begin." "Take your time," Mary smiles. She can practically feel Sirius' sharp glare at that. However, when she looks at them they have returned to their hushed conversation. She restarts the quiet scales before transitioning to the opening phrase of the performance composition. She imagines the choreography as she plays, going over some parts repeatedly to ensure she times it right. Neither she nor the choreography leads each other. It's teamwork. Both dance and music working with each other to create a symbiotic performance. If she leads in anyway or if the dancers do then the whole message will vanish. "Mary, darling?" Her fingers freeze over the keys. She blinks out of her focus and looks to Doe, who's giving her a cheerful smile. "Hi," she says, "ready?" "Yes." Doe giggles. Behind her, Sirius is shaking his head in amusement before taking his position near the back of the stage. "Right." Mary straightens her back. Her fingers hover to its starting positions as Doe takes her place beside Sirius. Mary watches her dancers. She counts her breaths. After the third, she gently presses on the keys. The sound comes out softly—she worries that the hall's spaciousness will destroy it even before it reaches Doe and Sirius. However, to her surprise Doe takes a step forward. Sirius follows her. Each individual note flows into the other—she can't stop, but so far so good. Sirius picks up Doe and turns in place with her caressing his face as the music builds and spreads into a joyous melody. Mary watches them. Foremost reason is because she needs to make sure that the dancing and her playing is synchronised. The other reason is because no matter how many times she has seen the same steps, it still captures her. It's a story of true love. Doe suggested it because it relates to many people. The exalting tone of the music transitions into something sadder, melancholic. After dancing together, Doe and Sirius now move away from each other. They dance in their own styles, but do a few moves in sync to show their connected hearts. They pass each other many times, but never touch—not even a longing glance at each other. "Oh," Sirius says, stumbling as he takes the wrong step and poses earlier than Doe. "Sorry." "It's fine," Doe replies, "again. Mary?" Mary nods. The two return to their previous places. She plays again and they move with the music as if they never stopped in the first place. Mary's eyes close as she pulls the music away from its lonely tone, feeding the main theme underneath as she brings it to the third act: the reunion. She opens her eyes in time to see Doe catching Sirius' hand. Sirius turns to her and as if his love implodes within him he pulls Doe flush against his body and lifts her. Now they move as one, their unified hearts giving them all the strength they need to move on with their lives together. There will be arguments, differences that reinforce the undeniable fact that they are two different people. And sometimes that will distance them. But no matter what… Mary gasps. The music goes to a crescendo. And stops. She takes her fingers completely off the keys as Doe leaps up in the air and sails into Sirius' waiting arms. They lock in an intimate embrace. Mary's hands clench into fists on her lap. She desperately wants to applaud, but she's not done yet. But they're near. This final act is where synchronisation between Sirius and Doe are paramount and they're perfect. The music becomes more joyous, the main theme now on top of the melody. As they are seconds away from the end, Mary slips her second hand to her lap, with the first only playing the final phrase. She sustains the last note as the couple do their final pose. Not one of them speaks. "Perfect," Mary says, only deeming it appropriate to speak once she sees the two relax. "Nearly," Doe replies. She faces Sirius. "We were off by three seconds at least." "We are," Sirius agrees, "I think I got us behind." "Hmmm…" Doe nods. She taps her finger against her lips. "There's something off about the jumps as well. I wasn't high enough this time—and our pirouettes need to be a bit tighter." "Yeah. Let's also consider increasing the tension in some of the lifts too." Doe nods again. The conversation continues, but Sirius takes his eyes away from Doe to look at Mary. She's playing with the piano, seemingly in her own world. Her expression is blank, uninterested even. But not five minutes ago he could have sworn he glimpsed abject shock on her face when Doe flew at him and he caught her. That is not the first time he has seen such an expression on her either. Mary never says anything and she only shows the barest hint of interest when he talks dance with her, but during practice she always wears that look of surprise while she watches them. He wonders what it is. He forgets to ask. Is it the choreography? Does it not fit the music she composed? Is it because he's rubbish?