Bitter, Beloved, Rebellious Boom . Cold. Unforgiving. Sharp. The wind bites into his face, nearly tears his skin apart. Exhaustion weighs on his bones. His body screams at him to stop and rest, but he doesn't. He doesn't care. Nothing else matters. Not even him. All that does is the thick mushroom plume of dark smoke rising from the heart of London, where the head office of the Daily Prophet is located. Thunderous explosions echo from within as though storm clouds have descended upon it. His hands tighten around the broom handle. The knuckles turning white from strain and cold. Hurry. Faster. He has to get there. Boom . His heart is in chaos, a bird beating desperately against the confines of his chest. It's not the cold. Not the adrenaline. It is fear. Pure and terrifying, it threatens to take over. Its toxicity pumps throughout his bloodstream, leaving a bitter and acidic taste in his mouth, close to corroding him. He is gripped with desperation. An impending doom looms over his head. His poor hands tighten even more around the handle as he wills the damn thing to go faster, fighting against the logical thought that this is the fastest it can go. No . It will go faster. It has to . Boom . Sirius puts his full weight on the broomstick. He yells at it to speed up, but it can't follow his commands. Fuck . Apparating is faster. He would have, but his emotions had been in disarray the moment he heard the news from Fenwick and saw the expression on Lily's face. He had to move. He had to get there. But apparating, in his state of mind, is suicide. If he forced it and splinched himself then that would be it. That would be the end. And he will not let it end. Not like this. The broomstick brings him closer. And closer. His heart is a drum in his chest. Deep within him his soul aches, screaming, desperate to reunite with its mate. The head office is now within his reach. He finds himself pleading. Not once did he ever believe in a higher power, but he can't help turning to the one she loves invoking so much. He thinks a litany of prayers, hoping for a miracle. God. God, please… don't let me be too late . He arrives. Before the broom lowers him, he jumps off. He runs towards the crowd that has gathered before the steps of the building. He barrels through them like a cannon ball, shoving those who block his way to the ground. He ignores the complaints. They don't know. None of them do. His reason for living is there among the fire and rubble. Meanwhile, he's out here desperately trying to save her. God. It feels like forever, but finally he reaches the front. He wrecks through the line of aurors blocking the crowd. They try to stop him from going further, but he disarms them and continues on. He ascends the steps and goes through the shattered doors. The foyer is a mess. Dust, rubble, papers, wood, and everything else litter the floor. Sirius suppresses the onslaught of hopelessness threatening to overwhelm him. Focus . He heads for the elevators. It's not working. He swears. Anxiety jumps up his throat. He has to find her, quickly. He turns to the stairs, taking two steps at a time, and reaches the first floor. It's worse in there. He can hear people—injured people and dying people, screaming for a chance to survive. But they're not her. She's not there. She wouldn't be. She'd be where her office is on the third floor. The time he takes to get there seems to stretch for an eternity. But he does arrive… and it is utter hell. Fires burn in different places. There is shattered glass and wood everywhere. However, unlike the first floor, there are no people—no screams or blood. A cold sensation flashes down his back. Is she even here? God, what if he missed her? A part of the ceiling has collapsed, the rubble nearly blocks his way through. His chest constricts. Shit. What if she's under there? He can't waste time. He needs to find her. When he does… when he reaches her then everything will be okay. "Mary!" he calls, squeezing past the narrow path created by the rubble. His own voice echo back at him. As soon as he is out of the narrow path he runs. He keeps calling her name, panic lacing his voice as every minute goes without her answering him. He reaches the end of the corridor and rounds the corner. "Mary—" There. Time stops. So does his heart. So do his thoughts. That's her . He can recognise her from anywhere. He stares. Everything feels… wrong. Is she…? The thought threatens to wrench a cry from his throat. But he blinks and time moves forward again. He runs towards her. It seems endless; though he covers a great distance she seems to keep stretching beyond his reach. Fear becomes a part of him as if he's never lived without it before. But he does reach her. He reaches her and relief soothes him. But then he sees her. He sees her and he falls to his knees beside her. Blood. So much blood. It's all coming from her. It soaks her clothes, seems to have soaked through her skin. She is pale, her skin a white sheet wrapped over bones. He whispers her name. She doesn't answer. Panic claws its way into his stomach, pushing something hot and painful at the back of his eyes. He shoves it all back. No . This is not happening now. He moves closer to her and lays her head on his lap. Shit. Her hair is matted with blood. "M-Mary?" he says, louder this time, slapping her lightly. God, let her be alive. "Mary?" The wait is torture. If she doesn't respond… if she doesn't then he'll— fuck . He doesn't know what to do if she doesn't. He doesn't know. Without her he's nothing. He needs her . He needs her in his life— to live, but if she doesn't answer him… if she doesn't… then what's the point? But he's not losing hope. Not right now. Not when they have been through so much. This is not the end of them. He won't let it. "Mary!" he screams. Her lids flutter. He holds his breath. Is that a trick of his mind—no, there it is! Her lashes are moving against her skin. Relief, tremendous and overpowering, washes over him as she slowly opens her eyes. "S-Sirius?" Thank God. Thank God . That's her voice. It's faint, scratchy and barely there, but it's her voice. Sirius closes his eyes and sigh. The panic recedes. It's fine. This is fine. It's all right. She opened her eyes and said his name—that's all that matters. He kisses her forehead. "It's me— thank Merlin . It's me." She grimaces. His chest twinges at the pain on her face. "S-sorry—sorry." "No. Shhh. Don't—don't apologise." He kisses her forehead again and tries to pull himself together. As he straightens, he manages to slip into a clearer mindset, the space he enters when he's battling as an Order member. She will survive this. She has to . He will save her. Reaching out, he tries to find the source of the bleeding. As he lifts her shirt, a cry escapes his lips. " Go —oh my God... Merlin. I-It's okay, Mary. It's okay." Gashes. Lacerations. Cuts. They mar her skin like some macabre decoration. Blood seeps out of them in slow rivulets, bathing her skin in thick crimson. What evil did this to her? He swallows hard. He must stop the bleeding. Stop it before it kills her. He reaches for his wand—Merlin, his hand is shaking so much. He tries to concentrate, to think of all the healing spells he has learned, but he sees her injuries and blanks. Damn it . "I—I s-should have s-stayed h-home," Mary gasps. "Shut up," he mutters to her. Irritation crawls throughout his body at her interruption—he's trying to bloody save her, for Merlin's sake. Some incantations come to his mind and he sifts through them, trying to find the one that will close her wounds or at least slow the bleeding. "Listen to me for once, Macdonald, and shut up, okay? Save your energy." He looks at her and she bites her lips, nodding. He gets to work and mutters incantations, one after another, waiting in between for anything to work. Nothing seems to. Nothing changes after he says the stupid words. Neither she nor his wand does anything, no sign that he is successful. Something is very wrong; yet, he can't stop. He won't. He will not let himself give up. He keeps trying, keeps his voice low so that Mary doesn't hear how fucking scared he is. "I'm…" Mary mumbles, her words slurring, "I'm—going to die… aren't I?" "You are not going to die!" he snaps at her, stricken with guilt immediately after. He stops and takes her hand, slick with blood. He squeezes firmly and looks in her eyes—beautifully sapphire despite being bloodshot. When he speaks again his voice is gentler. "You're not, yeah? You—you're not. I'll fix it. I'll—" "O-okay… okay…" Fucking hell, why are none of them working!? Is it the explosions? It must be—dark magic must have tainted it to keep wounds open, unhealed. Shit . Panic climbs up his throat. This is beyond him. He can't help her. She needs to go to St. Mungo's or find healers. Holding her close to him, he looks around and sees no one in this floor. He comes to a decision. Gently, he lifts her in his arms. Already he feels the blood soaking through his robes. There is still hope. Still a chance. He needs to hurry. God, please, don't let her die. He runs back to the stairs and descends. Is it always this long and winding? It seems to take him twice as long to return to the second floor. Halfway down he begins to hear voices—not screams of the dying, but stronger, controlled voices. They must be aurors. There could be healers! He just needs to find one. If he can just find one— just one and Mary will be okay. "H-help," he croaks as descends a few more steps. "Help me!" "S-Sirius…" Mary murmurs. He hears her, but his focus is getting anybody's attention. "SOMEBODY HELP ME!" "Sirius…" "SOMEONE!" "S-Sirius… listen—listen to… me…" Mary holds onto his lapel. He looks at her and pales at her ashen complexion. The dark circles under her eyes now stand out, the half-closed lids taking on a purplish hue. For a moment, his breathing stops and he nearly drops her as his whole body weakens. He doesn't know what it is, what it is inside that tells him. He just knows . He just knows and… he doesn't know what to do. They're so close to help… so close… but his knees buckle and he sits on the step, cradling Mary to his chest. "What… what is it?" She tightens her hold, but it was weak. So weak . Sirius' heart is cracking, the pain trickles in. Her grips were usually a vice—as if she was frightened of him slipping from her reach. "S-Sirius…" she stammers, "f-fight—to live. F-fight to l-live." She swallows hard, the determination on her face a contrast to his faltering expression. Her breaths are laboured. He wishes she doesn't talk anymore. "P-protect… yourself… p-protect our… friends—" "Your last words have no place here, Macdonald," he insists, desperately, trying to rise from the step. "We're so close— so close to help—" She shakes her head. The movement jerky. "P-please." He grits his teeth and nods fervently. "I… God . I w-will. I will." "I… I lo—love y-you." Her determination crumples. Sirius'