Everybody Loves Her (But I Just Wanna Hit Her) The door to my bedroom creaked open slowly and I pretended not to hear it. I didn't have to turn around to know it was Bella. I was curious though.. What was she doing in my room? We've already had our one fight a day quota and quite frankly, I wasn't in the mood to rehash it with her, the reason why I was not going to go to La Push with her and watch her humiliate herself any more than she's already done lately. She is my big sister after all, and yes, I do love her. Even if I don't always like her. I'd just finished slicking on my favorite cherry flavored lipgloss when she finally said something. And as soon as the words left her mouth I wanted to die in laughter. "You have to help me. Jacob.. He's not talking to me anymore, he left me that note saying he doesn't want to be friends and that I shouldn't ever bother calling or coming around again. He'll listen to you, Evette, he always listens to you." Flattery is the highest form of a guilt trip. I sighed, my fingers dragged slowly through my dark brown hair as I gathered my bangs up, gave them a little tease to give my hair volume and pinned a silver barette into my hair. I willed myself not to fall for another flattery laced guilt trip. I tried really hard, I swear to God. She had this pained look in her eyes. It was really getting to me. I mean how would I feel if Jacob did that to me.. My mind argued the point 'Technically, Eve, he kinda did.. When he kept refusing to listen to you when you told him that Bella didn't want him and she wasn't ever going to, no matter what he tried. At least she's not ever going to want him like you do. You couldn't make him see that then.. So things got awkward and you sort of started to avoid each other, you're more like strangers now than a guy and a girl who used to be best friends before anything else.' and I turned slightly, looking at Bella as I slid on a pair of black flats and considered what she was saying for a second or two. My fingers twisted in the curls at the end of my hair and I finally said quietly, "Bella, he hasn't listened to me in almost a year and a half now. He won't start now. You don't need me to talk to him. What you need to do, Bella, is go back to your room. Just go do whatever it is when you're in there and won't come out." as I stared her down, firm no in my eyes. "Charlie wants us to do more together. You never want to do anything with me anymore. You're always too busy." Bella commented. She knew when my spine stiffened and I glared that she'd probably pushed too hard but she refused to stop. It's like I was telling the big reddish brown wolf that's been hanging around outside our house at night lately.. Everything is I need or I want or me, me, me. Nothing is ever about the people surrounding Bella and she certainly doesn't give a dam about who she hurts so long as she's getting her way. I pursed my lips and said through my still gritted teeth, "I've tried doing things with you, Bella. But you never want to do anything with me. You're always too busy with Edward or too busy mourning Edward.. Here's a little newsflash for you, Isabella." I paused, tried to stop myself before I exploded a second time in a day, it didn't work, of course, obviously, but I really, really tried. Before I could stop myself, I finished, "Edward's gone. Good riddance. In case you've forgotten, he got you and me into danger more times than I honestly feel the guy was worth. And he left you.. In the woods. If he loved you, Bella, tell me," I continued, using air quotes to accentuate the word loved, "would he really have done that?" She stood there, the rage sort of momentarily contorting her normally stoic and solemn facial features. For just a moment I'd illicited some kind of emotional reaction in her. But it was probably just anger at me, her wanting to strangle me. Because heaven forbid someone even suggest her precious thing is anything but a knight in shining armor. He's a loser in tin foil if you ask me. And what he is really? It sickens me. So much so that I don't even .. I can't even make myself say the word for his kind. It's unnatural. If I hadn't seen and heard the proof with my own ears and eyes I'd never have believed it. And the fact that she refuses to see him as anything less than some perfect god damned white knight, some kind of prince charming.. Look, I'm only sixteen and I've only really loved two guys in my life even a little, but even I know that the way she's drawn to him and fixated on him is not only dangerous but totally toxic. For her and everyone else involved. Jacob, sadly, was one of the casualties. "He had to, Eve." "Nope, not hearing it. Get out.. Go back to your own room now, Bella, because I'm already not in the mood for even more stupid from you. And just so you know.. I'm not going to La Push with you. What Jacob does now with his life is his own business, but personally? I'm just glad he's not wasting his time anymore on a lost cause like you." I demanded, my arms folded over my chest, my foot tapping impatiently against the pale hardwood floor of my bedroom. "You're saying that, Eve, because you want him all to yourself." Bella snapped, the rage coming back for a split second.. Then that smug look of hers replaced it as she grabbed my journal from my desk. And I snatched it away from her. And she went down on her ass. Hard. I quickly apologized because no matter how angry she's made me I've never just basically shoved her down over a journal. And it's bad enough her inner crazy is showing. Mine can't come through too. Our dad has enough on his plate right now, with recent spikes in animal attack related deaths and Bella's whole catatonia one minute and totally fine the next bit. "Well, I was right. If I wasn't, Eve.. You wouldn't have just done that. I was right and you got mad because you couldn't handle it." She sprang up from the floor, I slammed my journal down on the desk and made a mental note to start locking the damned thing in the locking drawer on my vanity from now on, wearing the little key that unlocks said drawer on a chain around my neck. I could just slip it onto my necklace that Dad gave me for my birthday. She turned on her heels and walked out of the bedroom and I sank back across my bed, stared up at the ceiling and tried counting down from ten to one. It didn't work. I was still angry. I was too angry to be around her right now. That's why I'm so glad I finally got my own wheels about a week ago. It took at least three or four years of saving, if not more, and a little help from Dad, but I can finally get the hell out of this house when Bella pushes me to my breaking point. I shoved my keys into my pocket and jogged down the stairs, out of the house.. I took the time to lock up behind me of course, but as soon as I was in the car with my favorite mixed cd playing, I instantly felt the anger rolling right off of me. I mean she's never made me that steamed before. Maybe I'm finally getting sick of her crap. I just wish everyone else would too, but.. She's practically Ms. America and I'm only the plain goody two shoes weird girl next door, so what the hell do I know about anything? That's the way I feel sometimes. What Part Of Done With It All Didn't You Get? (Because trust me, I'm completely done with it. All of it) The cell phone I held in my hands was ringing for a third time today and I couldn't help but roll my eyes at it. It was Bella again. I thought my note was simple enough. I'm done with the crap she's put me through so far. The only Swan I want to see is Eve. And from the looks of it, that won't be happening anytime soon, I made the hugest mess ever with that. I just don't get why she wouldn't tell me how she felt about me all along instead of just trying to point out what should have been painfully obvious to me then about her older sister. Embry asked me with an amused look, "Gonna answer that, Jacob?" "When Hell freezes over, then yeah, maybe." I grumbled as I slid the phone back into the pocket of my baggy, oil stained and ripped jeans, went back to working on the Rabbit. It's my car, I'm getting it ready to be drivable soon. Embry shuffled his feet and then suggested, "Maybe actually telling Bella you're sick of it is better than just leaving her a note on the windshield on her truck?" "If I see her, Embry, I know me. I'll get pissed at her and phase. It'll set back all this so called progress I've made in controlling my phases. The sooner I get this under control, man.." I told my best friend. He nodded and then said carefully, "But we both know she's insane. I mean it's Batgirl we're talking about here, not some normal girl. She doesn't handle abandonment well and frankly, Jake, I don't feel like being part of another search party." "Me either, Black." Paul spoke up from the doorway of my father's old shed out back of the house. It's sort of been taken over by me as my lair. I hide out here when things don't quite go the way I anticipate.. Case in point, this thing with Bella's nonstop calling and begging and all the texts. She's even tried pretending she realized that she really does love me, that's how desperate she is. Like I'm an idiot and I haven't figured her out by now. That whole incident where she hid out in the woods overnight was more than enough to make me wake up. And of course, I imprinted on Eve. It's the way things should be, at least I think so. I mean even when we were smaller, I just sort of always thought it'd be me and Eve against pretty much the world. When I pictured being an adult, I pictured her in my life.. Then this crap with her older sister happened and I think I sort of hurt her. She'd never tell me I did but it doesn't take an idiot to figure it out, especially when she's suddenly too busy to hang out or she's never at home when I show up hoping to catch her there and goad her into any sort of conversation. Then there was the way she just sort of watched me and Bella, I mean it really looked like it hurt. And the stuff she wrote about it in her journal. Bella had it reading it while Eve was gone one night, I happened to read a little of it when she had to go downstairs for something. Sitting on the knowledge that the girl who was literally a