Disclaimer: All copyrights and recognizable characters herein belong to their respective owners. No copying or reproduction of this story is permitted. No copyright infringement is intended. Thanks to my girlies for their help with this. Inspirational pics for chapters, bio of the characters and more can be found on my blog. http :/ twilightobsessed09-wantyoutowantme (.) blogspot (.) com (Remove the spaces) Summary: Jasper Whitlock spent his high school years being tormented by Edward Cullen. When their paths cross again years later, could the boy he once hated become the man he loves? EPOV High school paves the way for what we'll become. Who you are in high school is who you'll continue to be for the rest of your life. This is my world. I am Edward Cullen, and I rule Forks High. No one dares compare themselves to me – the son of Carlisle Cullen, Chief of Medicine at Forks General, and Esme Cullen, interior designer and socialite extraordinaire. No one can throw a party like my mother – any occasion put together by her is always the talk of the town. My parents are both respected and envied by their peers, and it is a tradition I plan to uphold. At Forks High, the masses are divided into your typical diverse groups: the popular and the losers. We are known as the elite and the rejects. As the leader of the elite, my name is on every tongue; I am the most wanted, the most feared, and I wouldn't have it any other way. The rejects are a constant issue for me. They all want to be a part of the elite, hanging around and kissing our asses. The only good thing about them is that they make such easy prey. It's unbelievable! All you have to do is fuck with them, and they go crawling back to wherever they came from. This is my frontier, and I've succeeded in showing them exactly what we think of them in this school. There is still one that continues to test my patience, but he will crack eventually. No one defeats Edward Cullen. Jasper Whitlock. Of all the rejects, he is the one who pisses me off the most. He dresses like a dork from head to toe, including wearing the same pair of black cowboy boots every day. Some days, his excuse for clothing even has paint plastered all over it from his art class. And he always has sappy emo music blaring out of through those cheap headphones he wears, trying to look cool. Doesn't he know that the only purpose he serves in his miserable "trailer-trash" life is to kiss our asses? And even then, he should be thankful we the elite, have bestowed such an honor upon him. Instead, he acts as if we don't exist. This freak thinks he's better than us. I know everything about his ass, unfortunately. I know he lives with his mother and little sister Rosalie, in a trailer and even that he prefers dicks over chicks. His sister goes to school here – but where else would she go? This dreary little town doesn't exactly have a lot to offer. I can't wait to leave. On the other hand, tormenting Jasper keeps me entertained for the time being. What sucks the most is that even when I try, I cannot seem to escape him. Not only is he in every one of my advanced classes, but he also never misses a day of school, and I get to hear James girlfriend Victoria complain about her art teacher 'Ms. Connor' singing his praises in art class. Even when I catch a break from his appearance at football practice, pep rallies, and our parties, as a new day rolls around and I pull up in my Aston Martin, I'm greeted with the sight of fucking Whitlock sitting on that piece of shit dirt bike as soon as I step out of my car. James, Mike, Tyler and I have made it our duty to teach Jasper a lesson every day. These lessons vary daily – from rumors to various pranks, such as keeping him out of his locker, tripping him in the hall, and hiding his clothes after gym. We know we're being dicks, but fuck him for ignoring us. JPOV "Breathe, Jasper, just breathe. It won't be long now, it's almost over." I repeat this mantra every day as I get dressed for school. My life isn't easy. I live in a trailer park with my mother and little sister, Rosalie. The old man bailed on us a long time ago, and it's just been me and the girls ever since. Mom does what she can for us, but Rosalie and I promise ourselves each day that the first chance we have to get out of here, we're gonna make the most of it. My aspiration is to become a doctor. But Rosalie thinks I should be an artist because of my love for it, but I know I have to be the man of the household and take care of my girls. I know it will be damn near impossible to achieve my goal, but I have to be determined because my girls are depending on me to make it. Rosalie is a manic for cars. She can fix just about anything under the hood and she dreams of becoming a mechanic and running her own auto shop. She is the one responsible for my dirt bike and ensuring it runs. It was her birthday present to me. She took it off some kid's hands when he was taking it to the junkyard. "Are you through yet, Jas?" Rose always complains whenever I use her for my sketches, but will later praise the completed work. "Hold still and shut up," I snap. "Don't tell me to shut up," she snaps back. "Shut up," I command, cocking an eyebrow at her. "Hey, listen, I'm not one of your little boyfriends. Okay, lover boy?" she scolds. "I'll kick your scrawny ass." Knowing her, I decide on the calmer route. "Alright, but hold still. I'm almost finished." Rosalie has known since day one that I'm gay. I hadn't even finished coming out to Mom before Rosie jumped in and blurted out, "You're gay, right? Can you pass the cheese?" Mom and I just stared at her in shock before bursting into laughter. It still took mom a while before she could stand the jokes Rosalie threw my way. She even cracked a smile every now and then. I asked her one day how she felt about her boy being gay, and she merely asked, " Are you happy ?" I told her yes, and she said, " Then I'm happy ." "Finished now?" Rosalie whines. I smile at her. "Yep, no whining required." "Can I see it?" she asks, ignoring my comment. "Fine." I turn it around and wait for her reaction. Hearing her gasp in surprise, I know it's good. "Rosalie, Happy Birthday," I say, giving her the biggest hug I can. I don't have the money to get her the gifts that she deserves, but my art is the next best thing. I have been drawing since I was seven years old. The world always seems like a better place through my sketches, and sharing them with my family makes me happy. At school, my favorite class is art. It's the one place I am free of Edward Cullen and his minions. In my world, I can make them whatever I want them to be. But today is a special day. It's my baby sister's sixteenth birthday and I refuse to let thoughts of those chicken shits ruin the day. I'll deal with their ridicule tomorrow. Today is about Rosalie. "It's so beautiful, Jasper." She hugs me and I feel her tears on my shoulders. "Is this how you see me?" The painting is of Rosie sitting in a meadow amongst a variety of flowers, with the sun about to set, bringing a fiery glow to her beautiful blonde hair. "Yes, I thought it would be befitting of you today." I shrug. "You never see yourself as others see you." "Thank you, Jasper," she says as she wipes her tears. "Now come on, let me dye back your hair – the blonde is coming through." I have blonde hair like my mother and sister, but I started dyeing it brown the beginning of senior year. I thought it was time for a new look. I had hoped it would signify a change, but that hasn't happened. My ex-boyfriend Peter thought it was a great color on me and that it brought out my eyes. I still miss him, but he wanted try other things. Girls, specifically. When he told me he wanted to end our relationship, I was devastated. But deep down, I knew it wouldn't last as we had too much going against us. The most threatening thing was that he's best friends with Edward Cullen. Imagine my surprise when I ran into Peter at one of my favorite haunts in Port Angeles. He approached me, and we got to talking, laughing and even kissing later that night. I could talk to Peter. I could be myself around him, and he never judged me. It hurts to see him now so wrapped up with the elite, posing with his arm candy, Charlotte. I wonder at times how much she knows about Peter. Does she know how much he enjoys having his cock in my mouth and my dick up his ass? Or that he loves getting a hand job in a dark theatre? I wonder how she would react to hearing about the time I fucked his tight little ass in the bathroom at the movie theatre because he couldn't wait until we got back to his house. But seeing them together now, I realize how much they deserve each other. They're both so deluded. Her, for not seeing how uninterested he is, and him, for taking everything from me and giving hardly anything in return. Peter was happy with everything else in our relationship, except for being in public with me where anyone knew us. In Port Angeles, when it was convenient for him, I was his boyfriend. In Forks, we were strangers. But I refuse to dwell on the past. I have more important things to think about, like my goals, and surviving another day of bullying from Cullen. Heading to school this morning, I prepared myself as I do every other day for what will no doubt be another torturous day at the hands of the elite. Edward Cullen has been on me since we started high school. He sees himself as God in this place, and with Mommy and Daddy's money, he can get away with anything he wants. For four fucking years he has been on my ass, and now I share all of his classes. I can't escape him. Every fucking prank Edward and his friends pull, I know is his idea. Mike, Tyler and James never make a move without his say so. The only person I can exclude from this is Peter. Whenever they corner me, whether it's to knock my books from my hands, push me into the lockers or trip me in the hall, Peter never engages. He only stands there with a sad expression. "Mr. Whitlock, are you still with us?" Ms. Connor, our art teacher asks, jolting me back from my thoughts. "Yes, ma'am." "Students, I have an opportunity for you. A prominent art gallery would like to put one of your portraits on display as a part of their 'Youth with Promise' charity event. A representative from the gallery will be here to help me pick the winner, and the lucky student will have his or her painting displayed and will be offered a scholarship to study at the Art Institute of Seattle. So, students, I would