Full Synopsis: Nico di Angelo is still in love with Percy Jackson and he is having difficulty coping with his emotions, after his father dissuades him from leaping into the river Lethe he goes on a short journey to find the Goddess Aphrodite in Cyprus. Once there she gives him an impossible choice; destroy Percy Jackson's happiness or live with the intense emotions that are slowly killing him? Choices The river sang softly as it rushed past, carving its way through the black soil like a satin ribbon, its song was melancholy and made the boy slightly sleepy. His feet crunched over gravel and pebbles as he inched closer, his black sword gripped in one pale hand as he stared into the depths of the river, the point dragged a line in the earth like the furrow of a plough. Nico took a soft breath, barely audible over the soft murmur of the water. "It would be unwise to get too close." Nico spun around, his sword rising into a defensive position at the sound of the voice, he gasped as recognition filled his eyes and he allowed his weapon to drop back. "What do you want?" He asked, turning his back on the dark figure and once again staring morosely into the water, as if it had hypnotised him. "Want? I do not want anything, Nico." "Then why are you here?" "Because I sensed you nearby and I had a feeling you needed someone to speak to." "I'm fine." Nico lifted his gaze again, frowning off into the seemingly never ending distance. "Hmm." Hades hummed doubtfully and stepped forward, his robes trailing over the black pebbles, barely stirring them as he too looked into the river. "I can understand your wish to forget." "No you don't." Nico grumbled, his hands clenching into fists, his sword hilt biting into his palm. "I have been judging the dead long enough to know that mortals have a tendency to prefer the easier path, rather than struggle through the pains and rigours of life. For you, it would be easier to forget, easier for you to return to a life of ignorance, but is that what you truly wish? Memories are important, Nico. They mould mortals, they make them who they are." "Why do you even care? You were never around! You could have stopped Bianca from-" Hades raised a hand and Nico closed his mouth on his words, glaring in anger at his father. "You know very well why I could not interfere, child. It was bad enough that Zeus murdered your mother, if I had alerted him to your return he could have taken your life as well, that I could not stand." Hades frowned at the shadows, which seemed to move towards him, being sucked into his robes like moths into a flame. "If you were to bathe in the Lethe you would forget them all, your sister, your mother, myself and…Percy Jackson." Nico flinched as if his father had hit him, he looked down at his feet. "There is not much that escapes my attention, my power stretches far and I see much. You must understand that during ancient times, when we God's were worshipped properly, no one was condemned by who they became attracted to. It was an accepted part of their society, as it will be again one day. Already, the world changes, the time in which you were born is over and a new age has begun, people are changing." Hades paused and considered his son for a moment before lifting his hand and producing a map from a brief flicker of shadow. "Take this, on it is marked the location of Aphrodite's temple in Pathos, Cyprus. If anyone can help you, she can." Nico gazed at the map in his father's hand for a long time before taking it from him in a shaking hand, he sheathed his sword and looked down at the ancient looking parchment. "What will she do?" Hades shrugged. "I cannot say, she is an enigma." Nico put the map in his pocket after memorising the red 'x' that marked the location of the temple. "Why would you do this for me?" "Why? Because I loved your mother, once upon a time and you are the last living reminder of her…and I owe you an apology, I was remiss when I thought that you had no worth, I regret my rash words." Hades paused, frowning as if every word was costing him huge amounts of effort to speak, finally he continued, "Now go, speak to Aphrodite and decide what path you wish to take." Nico watched his father disappear into the darkness, he couldn't understand what had just happened, had Hades, the Lord of Underworld, just apologised ? He shook his head, preferring to think he had misheard. He took one last look at the river which seemed to call his name before he turned and allowed the shadows to swallow him whole. His father had given him enough money to buy a plane ticket, since it would be extremely tiring to Shadow-travel that far and going by sea would be too painful. The trip was short and uneventful, he wasn't entirely comfortable travelling by air. He arrived at Pathos airport unharmed but incredibly hot, he shed his aviator jacket and pushed hair from his eyes as he gazed around and tried to get his bearings. Finally he brought out the map and studied it once more before shadows reached up around him and he disappeared. The Temple of Aphrodite was a ruin of white columns, broken walls and arches. It had a stunning view of the mountains and had plenty of tourists taking pictures and wondering around. Nico frowned, he wasn't entirely sure what he was doing there, surrounded by Tourists, and searching for the Goddess of Love. It was stupid, she couldn't help him, no one could. He was doomed to spend his life mooning after someone he could never have, he sighed and walked towards what remained of the temple, its arches and columns still intact, he looked up and sighed heavily, when he returned his eyes to the ground he spotted a woman sitting on a low wall and apparently admiring the view. Instantly his whole body tingled and he knew who she was, she turned and smiled at him, beckoning him over. She was wearing traditional Grecian robes of white, flowing material, her hair cascaded down her back and changed colour as if it was trying to encompass every possible hair colour in the world. Her face moved and changed so often it made Nico a little sea-sick, he had to look away and gazed out over the mountains. Birds chirped along with cicadas and the grounds wobbled in a haze of heat, he lifted an arm and wiped sweat from his brow. "Nico di Angelo, I have been expecting you." Aphrodite said softly. "I would have come to you but I suspected that you would not have welcomed me." Nico had no response to that so he scuffed his shoe across the dirt and pushed his hands into his pockets. "I like it here, despite the fact that Olympus has moved to New York, this place is almost like my birthplace, it is a true home to me." "I wouldn't know what that felt like, having a true home…" "Ah, but you do. After all, home is where the heart is, as the Mortals say." She laughed brightly and kicked her sandaled feet like a little girl on a swing. "You've come to me for advice." It wasn't a question so Nico didn't deign to answer. "Very well, what is it you want, Nico di Angelo?" "I…I'm not sure." He muttered after a brief pause, still determinedly frowning into the distance. "I am willing to help you, but you must first know what you want." Aphrodite looked at him, he could feel her piercing gaze on him, like a nail in the heart and his hands clenched on the stone wall he was perched on. Around him the ground trembled, a few cracks began to appear and stones rattled as they danced away from him. The Goddess placed a hand upon his arm and he instantly felt calmer, the tremors subsided and he let out a slow breath. "You are a confused child; I can see that even without my powers." She lifted her hand and a mirror appeared in it, it was golden and ornate, decorated with laurels. "Look into this mirror and tell me what you see." Nico took the mirror automatically and stared into its reflective surface, at first he only saw himself, a skinny boy with black hair and olive skin. He frowned and opened his mouth to speak but before he could his image changed, now there were a pair of sea green eyes staring back at him, he almost threw the mirror away in shock. Percy Jackson was leaning against a pillar in what appeared to be Camp Half-Blood's dining pavilion, he was laughing at something Nico couldn't see, his black hair falling into his face. The image caused Nico's heart to race, his mouth felt dry and all the old awkwardness and terror welled up inside him, he pulled his eyes away and his hand clenched so hard on the mirror he almost broke it. "You know what I see; tell me what I can do about it!" "Love is a knife edge, Nico di Angelo. Some call it the most wonderful emotion in the world, others would call it the worst. There is a fine line between love and hate, they generally come hand in hand and it takes a strong person to prevent one from crossing into the other. It can cause intense joy but also abject misery, it can buoy you up until, like Jason Grace, you think you can fly or it can make you fall so hard it could kill you. Then there is jealousy." She gave Nico a knowing look, forcing him to look away from her. "Jealousy corrupts even true love; it also adds a wonderful twist to any story plot." She added as an afterthought. "I do adore love triangles." "I…I hero worshipped him…" "Indeed, and who wouldn't? Percy Jackson is a strong and capable hero; he even managed to capture the romantic interest of Annabeth Chase who I had always assumed was too in love with buildings to see anything else." She made a face of distaste at the thought of someone being uninterested in love and desire. "You must make a choice, Nico di Angelo, I can help you if you want me to." She lifted her hand and once again something appeared in her palm, it was a vial of pink liquid. "This is a love potion so powerful too much of it can kill even a demi-god. If you were to give just a drop of this to Percy Jackson he will fall instantly in love with you, he would be yours forever. Just a single drop in his food or drink will do the trick, any more and he will explode like a helium balloon." Nico took the vial, his heart hammering in his chest so hard he was afraid it may just tear right through his ribs and flee towards the mountains. "What…what will happen if I give him this?" He whispered, his voice barely audible over the low chatter of the surrounding tourists who seemed utterly oblivious to the thin boy and stunning woman sitting on the low wall. "Oh, Annabeth Chase would be heartbroken, of course, I do enjoy heartbreak, it adds a bit of dramatic flair." "No, I mean, what will happen to Percy?" "Why, he will fall head over heels in love with you!" Aphrodite exclaimed, smiling broadly. "Isn't that what you want?" "I…I'm not sure." He stared at the garish pink liquid within the flask as if it were