Author's Note: The Lord of the Rings belongs to Tolkien Estates. Enjoy! Thranduil stepped into the Halls of Healing, his tumultuous soul immediately soothed by the calming sound of harp and flute singing in harmonious duet. He wore a circlet of silver and a brooch on his tunic as the only indication of his status in the realm. Instead of his usual expensive clothing, he wore the simple, fern green garb of a warrior of the Greenwood. His bow was slung on his right shoulder - a quiver of arrows across his back. His blue eyes scanned the room for a particular lady, and after not locating her on his first perusal, he proceeded further into the hall. As if summoned by magic, the object of Thranduil's affections appeared from around the corner. She wore robes of cream this day, and she carried a wide wooden bowl filled with a white cloth floating in water. A content smile graced her lips, which further assisted Thranduil with feeling a little more light of heart than he had been. She had not noticed his presence as she continued on her trek to a table where she set her burden down. She then glanced his way, and initially, a look of puzzlement crossed her face before she grinned and approached him. Thranduil smiled in return. When she was close to him, she dipped into a low bow with her knees almost touching the floor and her arms spread out to her sides, palms facing down. Though they had been courting for years, she still maintained the protocols necessary for their stations in life when they met in public places. Thranduil preferred that she didn't bow to him as her prince, but she had insisted. She rose from her obeisance and met his gaze once more. "Thranduil," her tone was breathless with the pleasure of seeing him, and it made his heart flutter at it. "Are you alright? The old wound is not troubling you?" Thranduil shook his head. "No...it is perfect, thanks to you." It was all because of her hard work and skill as a healer that Thranduil could see and no longer carried a trace of the significant dragon wound he had sustained on a scouting mission. it was during this most difficult time of his life that Thranduil found himself falling for the pretty maid. She had been stern but kind, and she had looked beyond his deformity to see the essence of who he was beneath. She had listened as he talked of his grief associated with the mission, she had comforted, and pushed him when he needed it. He could never repay her for her devotion to him except by returning it. She was pleased at his report, but she soon looked concerned. "Something distresses you. I can sense it in your demeanor. You are melancholy, and I know that is not your true nature." Thranduil had come with the mind to speak to her, but now that the moment had come, he found it difficult to say the carefully prepared words he had agonized over for two days. War was upon the earth, and the Elves of the Greenwood had largely managed to escape it until now. The wood had been infiltrated by some of the fell creatures that Sauron kept in his charge, but the warriors had been able to drive them back, but not without loss of control of some of the forest as well as fighters. She had been busy tending to the wounded and ill while he spent hours training for combat. Their time together had been limited, and Thranduil was about to tell her that this would not change. "I must speak with you...alone," Thranduil murmured. She glanced around the room to check if she was needed right away. Assured that she could be spared for a few moments, she nodded in acquiescence. Thranduil left the halls, peering behind him to be sure she was following. They walked out into a small courtyard where, in the center, a small fountain bubbled merrily. The courtyard was full of native fern and flower and a stone bench to rest. Thranduil approached the fountain and stared at the flowing water. He hoped it would give him the strength to say what he needed to. Taking a fortifying breath, he turned to face her. She stood there, carefully watching every movement as if she was committing it to memory. "You are leaving." His formulated words fell away at hers. It was a simple sentence full of unadulterated truth. There was no accusation or bitterness in it, but it was a statement that made Thranduil's stomach knot from the pain in which it was said. How he wished he could deny it and bring her comfort, but they both knew that would not be the case. Thranduil nodded in affirmation. She closed her eyes, and he watched every muscle in her body tense at the news. She stood that way for a moment before opening her eyes. The grief in them was like a knife to his heart. He couldn't bear to see her like that, and he turned away. "Yes. There is to be a great alliance led by Gil-galad, Elendil, Isildur, and Anárion, and they have asked for support. My father has heeded their call, and as a prince I must-" She turned away. Thranduil noticed the movement and faced her once more to catch a short glimpse of her face and the tears she was beginning to shed. He reached out to her, grasping her arm to stop her from widening the distance between them. She stopped, a small sob escaping from her lips. He could see she was fighting to regain mastery of her emotions and knew she was having a difficult time of it. He could feel his heart aching to see her in such a state, and without a second thought, he wrapped his arms around her. He could feel her shudder while she struggled to stop her tears. "It is my duty. Do not weep for me." "How can I not?" she asked, turning to meet him face-to-face. "How can I...when I love you so?" Thranduil felt his heart burst at her admission, even though he had known all along of her love. He placed a finger under her chin and tilted her face upwards so they could look upon each other. He saw a lone tear snake down her fair face, and with the pad of his thumb, he gently wiped the tear away. "It gladdens my heart to hear you say so. I will carry those words with me on the battlefield, and may they be a shield for me so that I may return to the one who granted me such a gift." He rested his hand against her cheek, and she closed her eyes, leaning into the touch. She placed one of her own hands on top of his and gently squeezed. "When will you depart?" "At daybreak. The host is to cross the mountains and we will join them as they pass through." "So soon..." she said wistfully, letting her hand drop and her eyes open to behold him again. Thranduil nodded and drew away from her. "Yes. I...I cannot say that this will end quickly. We have heard Sauron's forces are great, and it will take all our strength to vanquish the enemy. Even so...when I return-" "If you do return," she cut in, voicing the thought that brought her torment. "When I do, I wish for us to be wed." Her eyes widened in shock at his admission. "Your...father would allow this?" Thranduil smiled. "He has blessed our union. He knows what it is like to love, and he will not deny me that joy." He took hold of her hands and held them in his, reveling in the feel of her skin against his. "I know it will be some time, but I wanted you to know of my affections before we parted." Her smile returned, and Thranduil was gladdened by it. It was challenging to remain morose when she beamed as she did. He smiled as well, and then removed the brooch from his tunic. It was a simple one wrought of silver with a green gem in the center surrounded by thin swirls of silver. He admired the jewel briefly before taking hold of one her hands and placing it gently into it. He closed her fingers around it, securing it within her grasp. Her fingers trembled slightly at the gesture, and she looked up into his eyes, searching for the reason why he was giving her this precious jewel. "I wish you to have something...to mark my promise to you. Wear it with pride. You are my heart's chosen one." "I...I do not know what to say, other than...I shall," she replied, holding the hand with the brooch enclosed within close to her heart. "I will think of you...every day." "And I you," Thranduil whispered. "I must go and finish our final preparations. I...may not see you again before we depart." "I will be there tomorrow to see you go with the host." Thranduil bowed his head in acceptance of this before he took his leave of the maid who had stole his heart. The maid stood in the courtyard for a few moments longer to process what had just happened. Tears threatened to spill once more, but she knew she could not shed them. She had to remain strong for her patients. They relied on her calm, blithe demeanor to give them hope in their recovery. She could not share her sorrow. She also knew that Thranduil would not want to see her mourning his leaving. She pinned the brooch to her robes and returned to the Halls of Healing for the rest of the evening as if nothing had changed. And in the morning, she stood among those who bade their warriors good-bye. She watched Thranduil mount his beautiful white horse, and when their eyes connected for the last time, she hoped she had conveyed how much she loved him. "They will not follow him," Oropher stated, his agitation clear in his pacing across his tent. Thranduil watched his father, wondering what he was planning. The Silvan elves had been quite adamant that they would only follow their own leaders as they did not know Gil-galad or the others. While Thranduil had felt a fierce sense of pride in their protestations, a part of him was exasperated with their stubbornness. He wondered why they would not understand that they would far better if they presented themselves to Sauron as a united force. The leader of a second band of Silvan elves, Amdír, stood in the tent with them, partaking in the discussion. "I understand their reluctance. It has been two months, and we have barely made progress. We have spent so much time here in Dagorlad, and they believe Gil-galad an inadequate leader. In truth, I am in agreement," Amdír replied. Thranduil eyed the king, his dislike showing in his eyes. He was not fond of Amdír, who was quick to point out the faults of others when he was better suited to heed his own criticisms. "Gil-galad is not the sole leader of this force. What of Isildur, Elendil, and Anárion?" "They are not asking for command of our forces, are they? More than that, they are Men ." Amdír said pointedly. Oropher stopped in his pacing and faced Amdír, his face impassive. Thranduil knew his father enough to know that he was annoyed with the Elven king. "No, they are not," he conceded. "There remains; however, the question of what our warriors would have us do if they will not follow Gil-galad. I understand they wish to limit our losses. Our last war with Sauron was just as devastating." "I have considered options, and I believe that we can make quick work of Sauron's forces