Author's Note: This fic is for a fellow Tolkien lover. Her musings on Thranduil's past and the love he bore for his unnamed wife inspired me to write this fic. While watching The Desolation of Smaug, I found myself wanting to know how Thranduil had sustained the horrible injuries he revealed to Thorin in a moment of rage. This is my version of how it possibly happened. Enjoy! "Stay here, if you will, and rot. A hundred years is a mere blink in the life of an elf. I am patient! I can wait." As Thranduil sat once more on his throne, one leg crossed over the other at the knee, he watched his guards remove the insufferable would-be dwarf king from his presence. The sight of the egotistic dwarf being manhandled by his well-trained forces brought a small measure of grim satisfaction to Thranduil's seething mind. He sat back into the chair, lounging more comfortably among the folds of the rich silk brocade of his robes. He closed his eyes and concentrated on the feel of the fabric against his skin, allowing this small measure of comfort to ease his anger. It had been quite some time since someone had spoken to him as Thorin had and had incited such fury within him. He raised a slender-fingered hand to his left cheek, the remnants of magic making his skin tingle from where it had revealed the injuries he sustained hundreds of years ago. He felt blessed to have had a skilled healer repair what damage had been done, and it was only powerful memory that would reveal the ugliness that was once there. Instead of the large, gaping hole that revealed bone and teeth, he felt smooth, soft skin and the taut muscle underneath. As he withdrew his hand, his thoughts remained on the muscles in his face. They were tight and not because they were strong, but because Thranduil was clenching his jaws in an effort to quell the melancholy that threatened to consume him. Thorin had unwittingly awakened memories that Thranduil wished had remained hidden. While the contents of his reminiscences were mostly fair, it was the overwhelming grief that accompanied them that he wished to avoid feeling. No matter what, he couldn't remember...not even the sweetest of moments...without that gut-wrenching, searing pain in his breast that left him breathless. Her. He couldn't bear to remember her: the one taken too soon from him. Thranduil had no recollection of how he had come to the Halls of Healing within his father's palace. He slowly came to awareness, noting that he was awakening from a slumber of some sort. His eyes remained shut as he took inventory of his surroundings. He could hear voices murmuring around him, the soft lilting music of a harpist, and the smell of various herbs combining to assault his nose with a cacophony of discordant scents. He could feel the softness of the mattress and pillow beneath him and the warmth of the light blanket that covered him. He then noticed that he was in substantial pain, and he attempted to grimace as his only expression of the discomfort, but then he could feel a wet stiffness on the left side of his face and realized there was some sort of covering there. He lifted a hand to feel the bandage as his eyes flew open in shock. "My Prince!" a female voice cried out. "My Lord!" He could feel the hardness of the plaster beneath his hand, and he wondered what it was covering. This train of thought was brief as he realized something far more distressing: his sight was not what it was. He blinked a few times to accustom himself to the bright softness of sunlight filtering through the trees and once his vision had cleared, he knew he could see clearly out of his right eye. The other eye...it was complete darkness to his left. He sat up quickly, his head swimming from the sudden movement. "What-" A gentle but firm pair of hands took hold of his strong shoulders, pushing him back to rest against down pillows. His father came into view, and Thranduil felt his heart skip a beat at his father's worried expression. Oropher usually guarded his emotions well, and Thranduil knew that he had to have been close enough to death for his father to express himself so. He had no idea who else was there, but whoever it was remained out of his field of vision. Oropher, wearing a rainment the color of burnished copper, sat beside his son. "You are blessed to be here," Oropher whispered. Memories began to assail Thranduil all at once. He had gone to the northern border with a small retinue of warriors to scout the area. There had been rumors of enemies attempting to infiltrate into the Greenwood, and he had gone to lend credence to these rumors. He supposed there may have been some Orcs wandering dangerously close, and he could handle them. Hunting Orc was a sport to the young prince, and he took great pleasure in decimating their numbers with few companions - showing off his skill as a warrior. When he arrived at the base of the mountain, he had quickly realized that Orcs were not the threat. "Dragon!" Thranduil choked out, finding it difficult to move his face to speak. "Be still, my prince. It is not wise to speak much until you have fully healed," the female voice instructed. Thranduil cast a questioning look to his father, who continued to look gravely upon his only son. "Yes, there was a dragon. You were foolish to attack with such a small number, and it is a wonder any of you survived." Thranduil closed his eyes, the sensation of searing flesh igniting his senses. His eyes crinkled in response to the sharp pangs. He attempted to limit his expression of his discomfort, but he concluded this was the worst he had felt in his short life thus far. He felt a gentle, cool touch on his brow, heard the murmur of words from the maid, and he could sense that the pain was receding. He opened his eyes once more and stared up at Oropher, hoping his blue eyes conveyed his desire to know the extent of his injury. Oropher sighed as way to release pent up tension. "Did you slay it?" Thranduil nodded slowly, hoping the movement wouldn't jar the plaster on his face. He began to explore his face once more where the dressing was, and he noticed that the plaster covered the entirety of his left cheek up to his cheekbone. The edges of the plaster came to the base of his ear and right below his eye. As he felt around his eye, he came to realize with growing horror that there was nothing obstructing his view. "I-" he squeaked through a small opening between his lips. Oropher nodded. "For now, you are partially blind. I was told you sustained massive damage from the dragon's claw. It will take some time to heal the hole in your face, but I have been assured it can be done. Others in your company were not so fortunate." Thranduil's eyes filled with sadness as he remembered the influx of hot fire surrounding his company. "I know..." he whispered, using as little of his muscles to speak as possible. "The dragon cut away your flesh to the bone. I have begun regenerating the muscle, but it will take some time to rebuild everything. The muscle is very fine and weak there, and I must limit what you take in orally. I am afraid it will be liquids only for awhile," the maid cut in. "I am glad you are returned safe," Oropher stated before rising. He gave a few more directives to the elf maid before taking his leave. Thranduil could feel melancholy sweeping over him like waves of the ocean. He had survived. He had been certain that he would die along with his comrades at the foot of the Grey Mountains. He remembered the giant Fire Drake they had come upon, the trees alight with flame. Some of his retinue had been felled before him with a single breath of fire, and in anger, Thranduil had struck the monster. He remembered the scorching heat, the feel of sweat running down his face, and the crackling of wood burning amid the shouts in Sindarin. He had dealt the death blow - he knew that much. As his mind replayed the events of the dragon's attack, he began to piece together those last few moments. Yes... Thranduil thought. I had felled the dragon, and it was falling to the forest floor, but not before it reached out to try to take me with it. He could recall looking up to see the monstrous claws coming down towards him, and he had frozen in place. He knew if he moved just a little, the claws would impale him and there would be a return to the Greenwood on a funerary bier. He had allowed the foul creature to mar him, and as the claw came into contact with his face, he felt the power of the creature in its death throes. He was thrown to the ground, his head crashing against something hard. Probably a rock. He had lost consciousness then. "My Prince..." The voice. It was comforting, more so than other healers Thranduil had known over the years. He opened his eyes once more and felt his heart stutter as a face was finally associated with the beautiful voice. She was fair - her blue eyes were full of concern. Her long, blonde locks were pulled away from her face and her robes were the pale green of newly sprung leaves. In her eyes was written concern, but her movements and words spoke of surety in her craft. He was comforted by her commanding yet tender presence. He slid further down the mattress once more, feeling weary. "Are you hungry, my Prince?" the maid asked. Thranduil nodded, miffed that he had been effectively silenced by a giant worm of a creature. The maid assisted him with rising to a seated position, the blanket pooling about his waist. She reached over to a nearby table and took hold of a bowl. Thranduil watched every movement, entranced by the grace with which she completed her tasks. She dipped a spoon into the clear broth and held it just at Thranduil's mouth. "Tilt your head back, and I will pour this in. Your muscles are not strong enough to open your mouth much wider or to suck up the liquid yourself." Thranduil was affronted by this instruction. He stared at her with an icy gaze, letting her know without words that he found this utterly ridiculous. How could he, the Prince of the Greenwood, be reduced to being fed like a newborn? It was entirely humiliating. The maid did not falter under his scrutiny. She set the spoon carefully back into the bowl and placed it on the table. She returned her attentions to Thranduil once more, and the tone of her gaze was unyielding. "I understand that this is not the situation you wish to find yourself in, but you are still healing. I cannot allow you to feed yourself and risk damaging the delicate work I have completed." Thranduil recognized that not only was she truly concerned for his well-being and wished him to heal as quickly as possible, but she indicated that she would be offended if his pride led to the destruction of the effort she had put into his face so far. She was daring him to continue to be flippant in his appreciation for her labors. He suddenly felt angry with her for speaking to him in such a tone, and then...he was mystified by it. She was willing to speak to her Prince as if he was just like any