A/N: This AU was completely unplanned and is dedicated to BlakkMagic25 who left me an awesome review on my last story, asking me if we could be friends. For some reason, the question stuck with me and then this happened. I hope you like it, BlakkMagic25! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians, The Heroes of Olympus, or anything else that you may recognize. Annabeth looked up when she heard the chair across from her scrape across the floor. She hadn't been paying attention to anyone around her, but she didn't think that she needed too. She had been coming to the same coffee shop for the past three months to study before her World History class at eleven. Normally, she just ordered her coffee and sat down at a table nestled in the corner by the window, burying her face in her textbook until it was time for her to go. On a typical Monday, Wednesday, or Friday there weren't that many people in the shop when she was. There was a nice, preppy girl with brown hair that stood at the counter and usually took her order. A few older people walked into the shop to grab a quick cup to go before they ran out, late to wherever they were headed. There was a black haired boy that sat at a table on the opposite side of the shop. He usually kept his head down, and most of the time he was scribbling onto some paper. Annabeth had always assumed that he was a college student like her, studying for classes or something. But they had never talked. He always ignored her when she walked in. So that's probably why it surprised her when she looked up to see him sitting down in front of her. He didn't say anything, and they just stared at each other for a few seconds. Annabeth was surprised to see that he had very pretty eyes—more green than blue. He was wearing a black t-shirt with a blue jacket tossed across his shoulders. Annabeth raised an eyebrow at him, "Can I help you?" He bit his lip, and she tried not to stare. His eyebrows were scrunched together, but Annabeth tried not to think that it was adorable. He looked kind of embarrassed when he said, "This is going to sound weird, but can we be friends?" She leaned back in shock. So this boy had just ignored her for the past three months and all of a sudden he wanted to be friends? "Um, why?" Annabeth asked, too shocked to say anything else. He shrugged, and his cheeks were tinted a light red color. He looked down at the table when he said, "I just thought that it would be nice to have someone to sit with. I… I don't really like to sit by myself that much." Annabeth scowled at him. He was very adorable. She couldn't ignore it. And it might actually be nice to have someone to sit with. Even if she was just going to sit here and read the whole time, it would be nice to have someone on the opposite side of the table that she could look at or speak to every few minutes. It would be less lonely. Instead of telling him that they could be friends, she said, "I'm Annabeth." Either he would get the message or she was going to get up and leave right now. He actually smiled at her, and she was temporarily blinded by a set of perfect, white teeth. He held out his hand for a high five, "I'm Percy." Annabeth reluctantly gave him a high five before she looked down to the textbook that he had in front of him. She raised an eyebrow, "Chemistry?" "Yeah, it sucks," he made a face at the book. "Most of the time I can't even read the stupid book." "Do you go to NYU?" Annabeth asked. He nodded, "Yeah, I'm a Communications major." "That's probably why I've never seen you around campus," she said. "Architecture major." "Ugh, I hate math," Percy said. "It's more than just math," she scoffed, rolling her eyes. He grinned again, and Annabeth thought that he had a very nice smile. "So, tell me then, if it's not all math then what is it?" "It's… it's building something permanent. Something that will last for decades. When people look at something beautiful they'll know that I did it," she said softly, surprising herself. Normally she didn't tell random strangers personal stuff like that, but Percy felt different. He was looking at her quizzically, like she was a puzzle that he had yet to solve. After a few seconds, he looked up at her and said, "That's awesome. I never thought about it like that." She shrugged, "Well now you have." "Yeah," he said. "Now I have." They sat there at their table and talked for the rest of the hour. She learned that he was an only child and that he had just moved out of his mom's apartment and into his own. Apparently it was kind of crappy, but he liked it because it was his. His last name was "Jackson," and he was twenty (the same as Annabeth). She told him about her dad and how she had lived out in California with him until she came to NYU on scholarship. She talked and talked about how she lived on campus or her classes or some of her other friends or anything else that came up. She didn't realize that she hadn't gotten any of her reading done until it was time for her to go. She had spent all of her time talking to Percy, and she didn't even feel guilty about it. It was actually… really nice to have someone to talk to. Sure, she had other friends and stuff, but she never really felt that close to them. She knew a lot of people, but she had never really made a connection with anyone besides her roommate. Annabeth did spend a lot of time with Piper, but that was just out of living together. So, it was pretty awesome to be able to talk to someone else like she has known them for a long time, and besides, Percy was really amusing. He said a lot of stupid stuff. Annabeth grabbed her backpack and stuffed her books down into it. She cut him off mid-sentence when she said, "I have to go." He looked down at his phone and laughed nervously, "We just sat here and talked for an hour?" "Yes, and I didn't get any of my reading done," Annabeth said, standing up. "You've probably read it already anyway," he said. Annabeth scowled at him, but she figured that the look wasn't as fierce as it normally was. He laughed and raised his eyebrows, "See you Wednesday?" She pretended to think for a minute before she nodded, heading toward the door and calling, "See you Wednesday, Percy Jackson!" Ω She wasn't smiling because it was Wednesday. She wasn't biting her lip in anticipation because she was going to see Percy Jackson today. She wasn't walking faster than normal so she could listen to him talk until she had to go to class. That wasn't it. She was just… happy that it wasn't raining. Yeah. Whatever. So maybe she was excited that she got to see him today. Sue her. Annabeth walked into the coffee shop and threw her backpack down at her table before heading up to the counter and getting her usual coffee. She was just sitting down and pulling out her Psychology book when the door opened. "I hate Chemistry," was the first thing that Percy said to her. He let his backpack fall to the floor beside their table and marched to the counter to order his coffee without further explanation. She watched amusedly as he repeated his order to the girl at the counter, sighing dramatically a couple of times. His shoulders were drooping, reducing his height by a few inches. Percy was actually really tall if he would ever stand up straight. He was taller than her by at least half of a foot (she guessed; he always slouched) and it was something that she secretly loved about his appearance. He finally got his drink and trudged back over to the table. He threw himself down on his side (was it weird that they had already declared sides for their table?) and put his head down, banging it repeatedly against the hard surface. Annabeth held back a grin as she said, "I've discovered something else about you." "What," he muttered. "You're very dramatic," she reached over and caught his head by his hair before he could hit it again. "And stop destroying perfectly good brain cells. You don't have enough as it is." Percy looked up at her dryly, scowling slightly, "Ha ha. I'm amused. I've also discovered something about you." "And what would that be?" She asked. "You're not sympathetic. At all." Annabeth let go of his hair (it was really soft, just like she thought it would be) and frowned, "I am so! I just don't think you should worry about Chemistry so much. It's not that bad." "Not that bad?" Percy questioned. "I can't even read the book, much less do the homework!" "Well it's your lucky day," she said. " Lucky day?" He asked. His voice was getting louder with his frustration. "How is this lucky? I suck at Chemistry! I'm going to fail my midterm on Friday!" "No, you're not. Because," she said with a smile. "I'm going to teach you Chemistry." So, Annabeth didn't get any of her reading finished (good thing she did it last night because she knew Percy would distract her) but it was totally worth it. She taught Percy Chemistry, and by the time she had to leave Percy was smiling at her like he had won the lottery. Now he could do most of the problems without making giant errors that would make him fail. "I'm going to be late," she said, gathering her books and backpack. Percy grabbed her hand from across the table and said, "Thank you, Annabeth. Seriously." She smiled and rolled her eyes, "Well, I wasn't going to let you fail." He laughed and watched her as she got up and headed toward the door. "Bye, Annabeth," he sing-songed. "Bye, Percy. See you Friday?" She asked, stopping at the door. "Friday," he confirmed with a nod. Annabeth smiled the whole way to her class. Ω "ANNABETH!" She looked up from her book when she heard someone shout her name. She knew that it had to be him, and he was running a little later than normal today. Something must have held him up. Sure enough, Percy ran into the door and straight over their table. Before she knew what he was doing, he had grabbed her from her seat and pulled her into his arms, spinning around in circles. His voice was loud from excitement, and he was shouting, "Guess what! Guess what!" She laughed, but she was blushing from being so close to him. He was holding her up off of the ground, and Annabeth set her hands on his shoulders to keep from falling down. She could feel his muscles through his thin t-shirt and jacket. "What?" She guessed over his yelling. The few people in the shop were staring at them amusedly, and Annabeth kind of wished that Percy would put her down and sit like a normal person. "I aced my Chemistry midterm! I got an 'A!'" He said excitedly, twirling again. Annabeth laughed again and pinched his bicep. Good god he was built. She tried not to blush deeper as she said, "That's great! Now put me down!" Percy was still laughing and shouting excitedly, but he set her down on the ground. One of his arms was still around her waist,