A/N: I want to wish a HUGE happy birthday to my bff Casey! I hope you have a wonderful day, and I love you so much! Thanks for getting me addicted to The 100, and thanks for being there for me! I know I can count on you 100% of the time. And I hope this fic makes your day just a little bit better, sweetheart. I love you, and happy birthday! (Alright, guy, make sure to head over to my tumblr if you want to talk bc that's the best way to contact me. And this fic is COMPLETE.) Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or anything else that you may recognize. -3102015- His mom always told him that he would eventually find them. She always said to never go looking for them because the second that he was least expecting it was when it would happen. He tried to not expect it a lot. But it was always there, in the back of his mind every second of every day. He just couldn't wait any longer. Percy was seventeen, and almost all of his friends had already met their soulmates. They all had names that went with the letters inked onto their wrists. They all had someone that understood them perfectly and completed them and was there for them. Percy didn't have that yet. But he did have his two, black letters AC on the inside of his wrist. Air conditioning , he always joked. They were somewhere out there, wondering what he was like and where he was. Percy went back to waiting. Ω Okay, he was getting seriously tired of this. It was two-thirty in the morning, and Percy had to go to school tomorrow. He hadn't been asleep yet, and instead, he had just been rolling around in his bed, trying to go to sleep. It's just—he was really sad. Like, his heart was beating too fast, and his chest was hurting a little. He was just so tired of waiting. Most of his other friends had already met their soulmates. Which, he was really happy for them, but he was just tired of staring at his letters on his wrist and wondering who AC was. He wanted to know them. He wanted to be able to look at them and smile and— Percy knew that this was really common, especially for his age group. Though there wasn't really an "average" age where people met their soulmates, the doctors and scientists had confirmed that many people experienced these sad feelings because of the loneliness. He knew that a lot of people got too sad to handle it, so they went to a doctor and got some medicine to help curb the feelings. Of course, that came with a lot of side effects, and Percy wasn't really interested in them. He could handle it. And it's not like he felt like this all of the time. Most of the time, he was a pretty happy guy. He just got frustrated sometimes about not having someone to talk to like most of his friends did. He just wanted his other half. He wondered if they felt like this too. Percy took a deep breath and forced his eyes close as he pulled the sheets up around his shoulders. He would be fine in the morning. You know, if he ever actually feel asleep. Ω As soon as Percy saw Jason's face the next morning, he knew. "Oh my god, Percy," he said as he got close enough. His eyes were sparkling happily, and he was beaming. His blonde hair was windblown, like he had run all the way from his car to tell Percy. "What's their name?" Percy asked, trying to keep the disappointment out of his voice. It was bad enough that most of his other friends had already met their soulmates, and now his best friend had found his other half. And it was great, really, Percy was so happy for him, but it wasn't fair. Percy was tired of waiting. Where was his soulmate? "Piper McLean," Jason breathed. His blue eyes were shining, and his face was twisted into a gigantic smile. "Her name is Piper." Percy grinned even though something inside him felt a little broken. He clapped Jason on the back and ushered him toward homeroom. He said, "That's awesome, man! Where did you meet her?" Jason's eyes glazed over, and Percy kept his hand on Jason's shoulder to keep him from running into a wall because of his daze. And when Jason started talking about this brown-haired girl that he met while standing in line at Starbucks that morning, he didn't stop until they were walking to their cars that afternoon. Ω "I'm just tired of waiting," Percy whined, dropping his head to the counter and looking up at his mom. She laughed slightly and looked up at him sympathetically, "I know." "It's not fair. You were younger than me when you met Dad," he said. His mom sighed and looked back down to the oven and where she was cooking dinner. Her expression was kind of sad, but she shook it away before Percy could feel guilty about it. "That's true, but some people aren't as lucky. But who knows, Percy, you might meet them tomorrow or five years from now," she explained. "That's the special part." "Yeah," he grumbled. "Real special." Ω Percy was actually really glad that he had parked his car on the side of the road like his mom had told him not to. He was walking back to his car (that was currently on the curb of a really popular street, oops) from dropping the water bill off at City Hall for his mom. Despite the weather being pretty crappy lately, the sun was shining, and the cold wind ruffled his black hair. He shrugged his jacket tighter around his shoulders, humming to himself as he ventured down the sidewalk. When he turned the corner and could see his car, he hesitated slightly. There were two girls standing on the sidewalk. They were both holding buckets, and they were talking to the people that passed by them. Percy groaned. His wallet was already empty enough, and there was no doubt that one of these girls would manage to get some money out of him. He wondered if he had time to turn around. As he got closer, he realized that the girl with the brown hair looked familiar. Before he could decide where he knew her from, she looked at him and smiled, hurrying over toward him and brandishing her bucket. "Hey!" She said, smiling lightly. "I'm Piper, and we're raising money to—" He realized where he knew her from. Jason had been showing him pictures of her every minute of every day for the past three days. He was supposed to meet her formally this weekend, but it looks like he had already beat Jason to it. "Wait, Piper McLean?" He asked. She raised an eyebrow, "Do I know you?" "No, but my best friend knows you, and he hasn't shut up about you since he met you earlier this week," Percy said with a smile. Piper finally smiled, and Percy could see why she was Jason's soulmate. She was just so bright. Jason definitely needed that. She was still smiling when she asked, "Percy?" "That's me," he said. Her smile got bigger, and she tossed an arm around his shoulders. "This is so cool! We're going to be best friends, okay? I need all of the details and stories about Jason and—" "Piper?" They both turned their gaze to see Piper's friend looking at them with raised eyebrows. Her gray eyes were wide, and it looked like she was holding back a smile even though she looked kind of confused. Her blonde curls were pulled back into a ponytail, and she was wearing an outfit similar to Piper's—jeans, boots, and a long sleeve shirt with a school name that he didn't read right away. She was really pretty. Percy was glad that she wasn't talking to him. He probably wouldn't have been able to say two words without embarrassing himself. "Annabeth!" Piper exclaimed, dragging Percy along with her as they moved closer. "This is Jason's best friend! He was going to introduce me this weekend." Annabeth (that was a cool name; Percy didn't think that he had ever heard it before) smiled and rolled her eyes, and god, Percy normally didn't realize that he liked someone this fast but just— wow. "Hey," she said. "I'm Annabeth." He tried his best to give her a winning smile, but he felt all shaky, like his lips were trembling too much for him to actually smile. Thankfully, his voice was solid when he said, "Hi, Annabeth. I'm Percy." "So, Percy," Piper said. "Jason talks about me a lot?" He shifted his attention back to Piper and rolled his eyes. "There's not a word to describe how much he talks about you." Piper laughed delightedly, squeezing his shoulder. "And what about you? Have you met your soulmate yet?" Percy shook his head and pushed his sleep up enough so he could show them his letters. He brushed his fingers over his wrist, quickly outlining the AC before looking up at Piper. He smiled sadly, "Not yet. I'm trying to be patient, but it's not working out well." He tried not to be embarrassed. Some people didn't like to show their letters to anyone else, but Percy had never minded. He had always been pretty open about it, showing them to anyone that asked to see. Mostly everybody had them, except for a few unfortunate people that were born without them or the people whose soulmate had died and left them with a smudged wrist instead of legible letters. Percy's mom was like that. When his dad had died in a boating accident almost a decade ago, her letters had smudged instantly. She never covered them up, and sometimes, Percy still caught her outlining where the letters used to be. Percy thought about his letters a lot. He wondered who they belonged to. He wondered what they would be like or what they doing or where they were going or what they were thinking about. Most of all, he wondered when he would meet them. A hand touched his wrist, jerking Percy back to reality. Piper's arm had dropped from his shoulders, and she was looking down at him curiously. Annabeth was standing closer to him, and her fingers were gently wrapped around his wrist. She was staring down at his letters, and Percy was frozen on the spot when her fingers traced his AC. "Oh my god," Piper said, but Percy couldn't hear her. "Percy," Annabeth asked. Her voice was shaking lightly, like she couldn't catch her breath. Her gray eyes were wide when she looked up at him. "What's your last name?" "Jackson," he muttered. He was holding his breath, and his whole body was tense. Then, Annabeth was letting go of his wrist to push up her own sleeve. Before he could say anything, she turned her wrist over and held it next to his. All of the breath left his body. "Percy Jackson," Annabeth breathed, looking up at him. Her eyes were shinning, and she was smiling. She was taking his breath away even though he didn't have any left. "Oh my god. Finally. I've been waiting for forever, you idiot." And then he was smiling, and god, he just wanted to hug her. "Annabeth…?" He asked through his laugh. His face was hurting from smiling so big, but he couldn't stop. She shifted closer to him, using her other hand to trace over his letters again. He was doing the same to her, and he didn't realize that he bent his head closer to hers. "Chase," she said, still smiling. "Annabeth Chase." "Annabeth Chase. AC. " He said. He didn't