A/N: Happy Valentine's Day, babes. Hope this fic makes it a little better. Come find me on tumblr at somethingmorecreative1 -2142017- "So let me get this straight. You want to hire me to be your date to a Valentine's Day party?" Annabeth sighed. Honestly, it sounded terrible when you said it that way. Well, she guessed that it would probably sound horrible any way you said it. "Yes," she snapped, tapping her foot against the sidewalk. "You just have to come to the party with me. We only have to stay for a few hours." Percy was silent as he considered. He was loading his band equipment into the back of his Jeep. Annabeth had seen him outside when she got home from track practice, which is when she decided to cross the street to his house and solicit his help. The only reason Annabeth was over here asking for his help in the first place was because Jason had bailed on her. His girlfriend, Piper, had decided last minute not to fly out to L.A. to spend the weekend with her dad, and Jason had felt bad that they weren't going to do anything for Valentine's Day. Annabeth had rolled her eyes and let him out of the deal, only because she really liked Piper and didn't want Jason to mess up their relationship. But yeah—Annabeth needed a date to a party tomorrow night. She had already told all of her friends that she was bringing one, and although she could handle going solo, she didn't want to deal with all of the cheerleaders staring at her and smirking. It was bad enough that the entire track team would be there, but almost all of the other athletes would be there as well. Percy was honestly her last resort. If he turned her down, she would just have to pretend that she got sick at the last minute. He finally leaned back against his Jeep. His lips were quirked into a smirk when he said, "What are you paying me with?" She frowned, "You don't want money?" "No," he said, crossing his arms over his chest. Annabeth didn't glance at his shoulders flexing underneath his leather jacket. "Then what do you want?" "What do you have?" " Percy ," she huffed. "Just tell me what you want." He grinned at her, green eyes crinkling. "I want you to tutor me in math for the rest of the year." She blinked. "What?" "You heard me. Tutor me in math, and I'll be your date." Annabeth stared at him in confusion. Was that… was that really all he wanted? She had been prepared for something ridiculous, for something awful… She probably should have guessed that he was better than that. They hadn't really talked since they were younger. They used to be best friends then, back before high school, before Annabeth's dad started working so much. Then… then they just drifted apart. Annabeth got busy with school. Percy started his band. And they never really saw each other except from across the street. She asked, "Is that all?" He nodded, "And I want you to come with me after the party." "To where?" "Can't tell you that," Percy said with a grin. She crossed her arms too. "Then I'm not going." "Then I guess you don't have a date." Silence. Annabeth sighed in exasperation. She didn't really have another choice. Besides, what could it be? She said, "Fine." He grinned and turned away to close the back of the Jeep. He said, "Okay. I'll pick you up tomorrow at 5." She watched him walk to the driver's side of his Jeep and climb inside before she yelled, "Wear something normal!" Annabeth could hear him laughing as he drove off, and she stood there blushing in the street, wondering what the hell she had just agreed to. Ω When Annabeth opened the door, the first thing she saw was Percy leaning against the frame and holding a rose in one hand. She frowned, ""That better not be a pity rose. Pity chocolate I'll take, but that's it." Percy laughed suddenly, pushing off the door to stand up. He grinned at her and held it out, "You should take what you get, Annabeth. I don't have any chocolate on me." Annabeth sighed and reached out to take it. It was actually really pretty, and for some stupid reason, the thought of Percy getting a single rose for her had her blushing. She said, "Wait right here while I put this up." Percy didn't listen to her. He followed her inside the house and closed the door softly while Annabeth went to the kitchen. He didn't move from the door, and when she turned the corner, she quickly checked her hair in the mirror. Then, she cursed herself when she realized she was doing it. She grabbed a small vase from under the sink and ran some water in it before plunking the rose down into the water. She stared at it for a few seconds and willed her heartrate to slow before she started back out toward Percy. He was standing in the foyer, looking at pictures hanging on the wall. There were a few of Annabeth and her dad, but they were mostly single shots of Annabeth. Since her mom left, her dad had replaced all of the pictures in the house. Except for one. The one Percy was staring at. It was a picture of the two of them. Annabeth remembered it like it was yesterday. They were really young, late elementary school at least, and they were sitting at the end of a water slide that Percy's mom had set up in their yard for one of Percy's birthdays. They were close in the picture—Annabeth and Percy's cheeks were pressed together and they were both grinning at the camera and god, how long ago was that? Annabeth stared at him now. He was taller than she ever thought he would be. Right now, he was wearing a pair of dark blue jeans and a black button up with the sleeves rolled up to his forearms. He looked… he looked really good. Fuck, why had she asked him? She prayed that her voice didn't wobble when she said, "Ready to go?" He turned to look at her, eyes sweeping down her frame. Before she had even asked him to pose as her date, Annabeth had picked this dress out from one of her favorite shops downtown close to her father's office. It was a dark red that came up to her neck, but dipped low on her back. She had a pair of chunky, black wedges with it, and her black coat was laying across the chair in the foyer, ready to be picked up on their way out. Percy's gaze lingered on her frame for a few seconds too long, but he either didn't notice that she noticed or didn't care that she did. Then he nodded, "Yeah, let's go." She nodded too and started forward to grab her coat, but Percy beat her to it. He held it out for her, and Annabeth carefully slipped her arms into it. He smoothed one hand over her shoulder before he let go completely and moved to open the door. Ω Annabeth jumped when she felt Percy's hand grip hers suddenly. "If I'm dealing with these people all night, then you're holding my hand," Percy muttered, gripping her hand tighter. She sighed, "Okay." "What kind of party is this?" he asked, voice low. "It's a Valentine's banquet for the athletes," she explained. "It's a fundraiser for the baseball team." Percy didn't answer. They made their way up the sidewalk of the building, passing a few football players that were leaning against the wall. Some of them said hi to Annabeth, but most of them just stared in confusion in Percy's direction. Annabeth smirked in their direction. Maybe bringing Percy was a better plan than she had first realized. The inside of the building was less crowded than imagined. At the entrance, there was a book for signatures, and Annabeth hurriedly signed her and Percy's names. Annabeth Chase and Percy Jackson. Writing them side by side like that made butterflies swarm her stomach. She tried to squash them down. Percy squeezed her other hand, and she looked up in time to see a few of her track teammates stalking toward them. Annabeth glanced up at Percy and saw his jaw clench. When he noticed her looking, he smoothed his expression back into a relaxed smirk. His grip on her hand didn't loosen. Annabeth forced a smile onto her face and stepped forward, gently pulling Percy behind her. Ω It had been about an hour. Percy was lounging in his seat beside her, loosely gripping her fingers, eyes roaming around the room. He hadn't said much, not even when some of the other guys sat down with their dates. Which, Annabeth couldn't really expect him to. Some of these guys had been real douchebags to him in the past. But Annabeth talked with her teammates for as long as she could stand it. Honestly, they didn't have that much in common. Annabeth struggled to understand why she considered them her friends, but she guessed it was more out of proximity and necessity than anything. She only had a handful of what she would call real friends. Jason was the best friend she had, and by extension, Jason's girlfriend, Piper. Then, she knew Hazel from study hall and—she guessed that was about it. Annabeth sighed and glanced at her watch. It hadn't even been an hour but… her coach hadn't specified how long they had to stay. Even if she had to run laps on Monday, it would be worth it. She stood suddenly, tugging Percy to his feet too. She said, "Well, we better get going." Percy grinned at her and helped her into her coat as some of her teammates protested. Instead of answering, she sent them a grin and let Percy pull her toward the door. Once they were outside, he released a breath. "I don't see how you're friends with them." Annabeth nodded, sighing and pulling her jacket tighter around her. The climbed into the car, and when Percy pulled away, Annabeth said, "You can drop me off at home." He glanced at her, grinning. "Hell no. Remember what you promised?" She frowned, "You were serious?" "Of course I was serious, Annabeth," Percy said. "Don't think you're the only one who needed a date to something." Ω Percy parked the car on the side of the street and looked over at her. He said, "Leave your jacket. You won't need it." She frowned and slipped out of her coat, leaving it in the seat. Percy opened her door before she had the chance to, and he grabbed her hand to help her out of the car. He let go of her and closed the door. He started down the street, and Annabeth caught up with him. She walked at his side for a few seconds before she made a decision and slipped her arm through his. "It's cold," she murmured. "We're not going far," he said, voice softer than she had ever heard it. Annabeth frowned as he led them into a bar. The security guard didn't even blink an eye, just waved Percy through like they were old friends. The bar was packed with people, unlike the banquet. There were people everywhere; on the stage, in front of the stage, packed into the booths in the back corners, standing around the bar. It was a little disorienting, so she clung to Percy's arm. They waded through the people toward the stage, and then ducked behind the side curtain to backstage. "Percy!" Annabeth turned, and she recognized Percy's friends. Leo, Nico, and Frank were all gathered around a shorter man holding a clipboard. They motioned frantically in his direction, but they