A/N: Hey, guys! This is a fic for iwillove on tumblr for Christmas that took me too long to finish, but here it is! The title is from I Want It That Way by the Backstreet Boys. Also, this isn't medically correct so. Come talk to me on tumblr! My URL is somethingmorecreative1 -1222016- Tell me why Ain't nothin' but a heartache Tell me why Ain't nothin' but a mistake Tell me why I never wanna hear you— Annabeth ripped the radio's cord out of the socket and tossed it against the opposite wall, watching through blurry eyes as it shattered into several pieces. The music stopped abruptly, and her chest was heaving with breath as she tried to make her heartbeat slow down. She felt like she was going to be sick. She felt like— She gripped the sink counter until her hands started sweating and her arms started shaking. How could she have been so stupid? Why did she let this happen? How was she going to—? Annabeth flinched violently when her phone rang. She scrambled to grab it from the floor where she dropped it earlier, and she froze when she picked it up. Her tears dripped down her face when she saw Percy's contact picture. She let the call go to her voicemail, and she dropped her phone back to the ground, right beside the plastic stick that had a positive sign on it. Ω Six weeks ago, Annabeth made a huge mistake. She and Percy were hanging out, watching Netflix while he graded papers and she worked on a new design for her firm. They always hung out together on the weekends, just like they had been doing since high school. After all, they had been best friends since then, and it was just something they did. They went through college together, they lived in the same city, and they stayed together. It was them. But they weren't actually together. Sure, Annabeth had had feelings for Percy on and off for pretty much forever, but the timing never seemed right. She dated other guys, and Percy dated other people too, and it just—there never really seemed like a good time for her to tell him. So she just didn't. That night at his apartment, they were drinking wine. They had already been through one bottle, and Annabeth knew for sure that she had drunk more than Percy because even though he was acting a little tipsy, he was still grading his ninth graders' papers from earlier that week. Just a few hours later though, they had been through another whole bottle, and Annabeth was getting louder and happier by the second. She couldn't remember the exact details, but somehow, they started talking about what was going to happen when they got older. Percy said something sweet that made her look up at him in disbelief, and then her eyes were hanging on his lips and they were both scooting closer and and and— Despite being a bit tipsy, she remembered exactly what happened after he kissed her. She remembered his head dipping to her neck to kiss her throat while she yanked at his belt and shoved her hand into his jeans. Her shirt was next, and then his shirt, then her bra and finally— The next morning, Annabeth had woken up curled up against Percy's chest with his arms wrapped around her tightly. It wasn't like they had never slept in the same bed before, but it was the first time that there weren't any clothes between them. Both of them blamed it on the alcohol, and even though Annabeth could see the lie in Percy's eyes when he said that he didn't remember anything, she agreed and lied too. The last thing she wanted was for one night to ruin her friendship with Percy. But damn, what a night it had been. Things had been weird between them after that. She couldn't really look at Percy without thinking about what he tasted like or the look on his face when he was hovering over her and bending down to kiss her and— They had finally been getting back to normal when Annabeth had missed her period. That was when she had realized that they hadn't used a condom. Annabeth was pregnant, and she couldn't figure out how to tell Percy. Ω Before Annabeth could figure something out, Percy showed up at her door the next Friday afternoon. He was bundled up in a black jacket, and Annabeth could see his blue collared shirt and tie peeking out from underneath it, like he came straight from the school. His hair was ruffled from the wind, and his cheeks were pink from the cold. Looking at him, Annabeth felt guilty for ignoring his calls and texts. They had been best friends for years, and Percy probably thought that she hated him for what happened. "Hey," she breathed, self-conscious of her pajamas. Percy had seen her in a lot less, but they weren't exactly in the best place. He got right to the point. "You've been avoiding me since that night." She sighed and pushed the door open wider, "Come inside, Percy." He shook his head, "No. Just—just tell me why. Tell me what I did wrong." His voice was so sad, Annabeth flinched. She didn't want him to be upset because he—he just didn't understand. He didn't know how big this was. He didn't think anything else was wrong. Her eyes welled with tears, and her voice broke when she blurted out, "It's because I love you. I'm in love with you, and I can't be around you without thinking about that night and missing it and you and and—" The other reason bubbled to her lips, but before she said anything, Percy shoved inside and grabbed her in his arms, hugging her close and picking her up off of the ground. It took her a few seconds to realize that he was saying, "I love you too, Annabeth. I love you too, and I'm so sorry that it took me this long to tell you and—" She cut him off when she pulled back and leaned down to kiss him. She felt Percy step forward, and then she heard the door close behind him. Suddenly, her back was against the door, and Percy was kissing her and kissing her and kissing her. She felt like her heart was going to beat out of her chest. He pulled back after a few minutes. His voice was breathless when he said, "I'm so sorry, Annabeth." Even though she felt like she might throw up, she tried to give him a smile because at least he was here. At least he was with her, and he loved her. Percy loved her. She ducked forward to peck his lips because she couldn't get enough of him. "Don't be sorry. I should have told you a long time ago too." "How long ago?" He asked, green eyes wide as he looked up at her. "High school," she breathed, pressing her lips to his jaw. He laughed lightly, like he couldn't believe any of this. "Me too, Annabeth." Ω Percy and Annabeth were dating now. Everything was going great. All of their friends were excited. Percy's parents were incredibly happy when they told them that they were dating, and Annabeth had barely been able to make it through that conversation with Sally without crying. Since they were dating, it was getting harder to hide the pregnancy. She still hadn't told Percy about it, and just thinking about it made her morning sickness worse. Thank god Percy was a heavy sleeper because on the nights they spent together, Annabeth usually woke up rushing to the bathroom to throw up. He had only woken up to find her once, so she had been able to blame it on a stomach bug instead. Things were great with Percy, and she didn't want to scare him by telling him that she was pregnant. Sure, they had been together for a long time now, but they had only been really together for a few weeks. She didn't want to mess it up. She knew that he was going to hate her for it, but Annabeth couldn't bring herself to tell him. Not yet. Ω "And who are you here to see?" The secretary asked again, writing up Annabeth's visitor pass. Percy had forgotten his lunch at home that morning, and she had stopped by to drop it off before she had to go to work. "Mr. Jackson," Annabeth repeated, trying not to smile too big. The older woman handed her a pass and gave her directions to Percy's classroom, even though she had been there plenty of times. There were a few kids in the hallways, but when she knocked on Percy's open door, smiling when she read the plate that said Mr. Jackson, the room was empty except for him. Percy looked up from his desk, glasses sitting low on his nose. At first, she had made fun of him for having to get them because he was getting older now, but when she realized that they made him look almost ten times sexier, she stopped abruptly. He was also wearing a blue button down with a tie, and even though Annabeth had seen him this morning before he left home, seeing him in his classroom, sitting at his desk and grading papers drove her crazy. "Annabeth?" Percy asked with a slight frown, stepping out from behind his desk. "Everything okay?" She hummed and held up the brown paper sack. "You forgot your lunch." He grinned, stepping forward until he could bend down and press a light kiss to her lips. His hand ghosted over her hip and he dragged his fingers across her stomach, making butterflies swarm under his hand because he was touching their— "I love you," he said, his smile growing. "You're great." There was a warm feeling spreading through her body after Percy had touched her belly, right over the baby. She smiled, "You're welcome." Before Percy could say anything else, a bell rang and a few kids started trickling in the door. She grasped Percy's hand for a few seconds before giving him another smile and slipping out into the hallway. When she was back in the car and on her way to work, she pressed her hand to her belly and smiled. She felt tears welling in her eyes, and she blamed it on her raging hormones. For the first time since she found out she was pregnant, Annabeth spoke down to the baby and said, "Daddy's pretty cute, isn't he, baby?" Ω Annabeth almost always had her hand on her belly after that. Unless Percy was with her, then she usually kept her hand twisted with his so she wouldn't press her hand to the miniscule bump. She was happier now, and she was actually really excited about the baby. Even though she still hadn't told Percy about it, she had accepted it, and she was really excited to have him— or her. For some reason, her gut was telling her that it was a him, and when she imagined it as she was falling asleep, she always thought of a mini-Percy, running up to her and smiling and laughing and yelling, "Mommy! Mommy!" When she woke up from those dreams, she was often smiling too hard to go back to sleep. She was working on a way to tell Percy. Since they had been together for almost a month now, she was running out of time before he noticed on his own. Despite his moments, Percy could notice things about her quicker than she did most of the time. One day after work, Annabeth found herself shopping in the baby section of one of her favorite stores. On a whim, she bought a blue onesie with a fish on the front of it because it reminded