A/N: I wanna wish a huge happy birthday to jasongraceless! I'm sorry that this is a day late, but I hope you like it! I love you so much, Meg, and I wouldn't know what to do without you! The title is taken from Favorite Record by Fall Out Boy. -2152015- "Could you write me a song?" Percy looked down to Annabeth curiously. He couldn't really see her face, but he raised his eyebrows anyway, staring at her blonde curls. He said, "I write you songs all the time." "I know," she said, shifting one of her legs to rest between both of his. Percy tried not to groan. "But I need one that I can dance to." "Dance to?" He asked. "Yeah," she said. They were laying on the couch in his mom's apartment, snuggling and watching movies. Percy had his head propped up on one of the pillows and angled toward the TV, but he was paying more attention to the girl that was lying across his chest. Annabeth had her head on his shoulder, and every once in a while, her lips would graze his collarbone. She had one of her arms wrapped around his neck, threading her fingers through his hair. Her other hand was resting on his hip. She already had her fingers dipped under his shirt, and she was gently drawing circles on his skin. Percy thought he was in heaven. Their relationship was a bit odd, but Percy loved every second of it. He was one of the punk rockers (for lack of a better term) at their high school. Everybody knew that he was in a band and played guitar. Everybody laughed at the way he dressed (all black and band t-shirts). He didn't care though. His band was getting more popular every day. It was just a matter of time before they were discovered. Annabeth, though, was the complete and polar opposite of him. She had a perfect GPA. She had curly blonde hair that looked like a princess. She wore some very cute and adorable outfits. And the best part—she was a dancer . That was really one of the things that led to Percy asking her out. Sure, he knew her before from around school and stuff, but he never talked to her. They were in two completely different social circles, not to mention the fact that they never even crossed paths. Annabeth was in all the Honors classes. Percy struggled to pass his standard classes. Percy had been in detention one day at the beginning of the year (now he couldn't even remember why he had been there). At his school, the teachers all switched around for detention duty, and today Percy was the only one in there with the art teacher. He had always liked Ms. Robbins well enough, but she was extremely disappointed to see him in detention. But since she liked him more than the average student, she let him run errands for her instead of sitting in a desk and sleeping. So Percy had taken off down the hall with a stack of papers, and when he had come back successfully a few minutes later, Ms. Robbins had handed him another stack and told him to drop it off at a dance studio just a couple of blocks away if he could manage to stay out of detention for a few weeks. Percy had agreed in a heartbeat, grabbing the papers and sprinting out of the school. Percy had never been to the dance studio that Ms. Robbins had sent him to, but he found it easily enough. He even wandered inside and dropped the papers off at Ms. Robbins before he heard this really awesome music and decided to venture farther into the studio. He had always loved music. Ever since he was little, music had been his go to thing. It had been there for him when things got too difficult to talk about. That's probably the reason that he loved it so much now. Music never went anywhere. Even then Percy had known that it was what he wanted to do for the rest of his life, so he bought a cheap guitar and played until his fingers bled. When he was in middle school and shoved into a music class for lack of a better elective, he met Jason, Leo, and Nico. After a few arguments and a few more fist fights, they had formed a band, and they had been best friends ever since. He was nodding along to the guitar line when he rounded the corner into a big room. Percy didn't know what to call it (maybe this was the studio part?). It had hardwood flooring and rails along the walls. There was a kickass stereo system, and it was blaring a popular Fall Out Boy song that he recognized. What really surprised him was the fact that he knew the pretty girl that was dancing in the room. She was moving gracefully, and Percy thought that it was the most beautiful thing that he had ever seen. Percy's mom had always been really into dancing and ballet. Apparently, she had done some of it back in high school. So that meant that she was always dragging Percy to some recital or show. The thing was, he didn't have any patience for it. The best part about it was the music that they danced to, and sometimes that wasn't even enough to keep him entertained. He had gotten seriously lucky when her mom had met Paul, and they started going together. But watching her was completely different. Percy felt like he could stand here all day. She made it look like something that was worth watching. He stood just inside the door until the end of the song, watching like a complete creep. He probably should have felt weird doing it, but he couldn't help it. He was in complete awe standing there and watching her. He felt like he couldn't breathe while she danced. After her song ended, she stood still, and she finally looked up. Her eyes met Percy's, and she looked at him challengingly. She tipped her head over to the side, and stared at him. Percy could almost hear her shouting What the fuck do you want? But she hadn't said anything. She had just turned around and stretched, going back to her dance like him standing there didn't mean a damn thing. Which, in her world, it probably didn't. A miracle had occurred the next week though. Percy had been always struggled with math, so when he got a new tutor, he didn't complain. Probably because of the insanely beautiful girl that was sitting across the table from him. Probably because he knew that she was an incredible dancer, and that was literally the only thing in the world that he cared about. Annabeth proved to be just as difficult to be friends with as Percy first thought. It took a long time of their study sessions for them to even ask each other about things that weren't math or school. After almost a month, she had asked Percy to give her a ride home since her car was in the shop. Another three weeks after that, Percy had asked her to eat dinner with his family after they studied. She had given him a kiss on the cheek a fond eye roll after he dropped her back off at her house. Somehow after that, they just became a… thing. Like, Percy would walk her to class. Annabeth would hold his elbow or hand when they walked down the hall. He would pick her up for school. She would kiss him on the cheek when he dropped her off at home. It was nice. Percy really liked her. Of course, it took a while for him to be able to tell her that though. But when he did, Annabeth had just smiled and kissed him, like she had been there the whole time, waiting on him to catch up. "Percy," Annabeth said, jerking him out of her thoughts. She had rolled over on top of him, and now she was straddling his waist and tapping her hands against his chest. Her skirt was bunched up around her hips, and Percy's heartbeat skyrocketed. She smirked at him and said, "Are you even paying attention?" He let his eyes flit down to her legs as he ran his hands up her sides. He grinned up at her, "Of course I am." "So?" She asked. She rolled her hips, drawing a pathetic moan out of Percy and making his eyes flutter close. "Are you going to write me a song?" He nodded frantically, jerking her head down to kiss him. He murmured against her lips when he said, "Yes. Just come here." Annabeth was laughing then, ghosting her hands up his chest. Percy smiled against her and pulled her closer. Ω Percy was biting his lip, which was strange because there were very few instances that made him nervous. Usually (and this is in order), anything with Annabeth (because, well duh) and showing his band a new song that he had written made him act like this. Today is was the latter. And it was like doubled because this song was about Annabeth. "So," Percy started, picking at his guitar strings. "What do you guys think?" Jason was grinning, and Leo and Nico were both nodding and smiling too. They were all hanging out in Jason's basement where they usually practiced, and Leo was sitting at the keyboard while Nico had his place at the drums. Jason was hanging off the side of the pool table. They had all been nodding along to the music as Percy played the guitar line and sang the words to his new song. Normally, he wrote all of the songs that they played. At least, he wrote them, and then they all messed around until they felt comfortable with it. And of course, he had written songs about girls before (okay, for Annabeth, but sue him) but this one was really heavy. Percy could feel it when he wrote it. Even if he didn't say it in the song, he loved Annabeth. God. What was he going to do? When she heard it, what as she going to think? "I know that it's really heavy, so maybe it's not that good so—" Percy stammered when they didn't say anything. "Percy loves Annabeth!" Leo shouted, interrupting him. "Percy loves Annabeth!" He could feel himself blushing as he half-heartedly objected, but it was useless because Jason and Nico were already laughing. "Oh, Percy," Jason laughed. "Don't even bother. We already knew that you loved her, but that kickass song just made it obvious." Percy frowned, "You guys liked the song?" "I think it's awesome," Nico said. "Yeah?" He asked, shooting Nico a look. "It's a good song, Percy," Jason said. "Annabeth is going to dance to it at her recital?" "She wants to, yeah." Jason grinned, "Then let's get it recorded for her." "Yeah, so Percy can confess his undying love to her," Leo sang, standing up in his chair and grabbing at his heart. His voice was a cheap imitation of Percy's when he said, "Oh, Annabeth, I loooooovvveeee yooouuuuu." The guys were laughing, and Percy was still blushing. Somehow they managed to get it recorded, and they didn't change one word or note from the original. Ω Percy felt like he was going to throw up, but it was too late to turn back. He had already handed Annabeth the CD with her song, and she was already shoving it into her computer excitedly. He sat down on the edge of her bed when he heard the beginning notes and Jason's voice. He watched Annabeth carefully. She was still standing at her desk, with her back to him. Her blonde curls were pulled up into a loose bun at