A/N: This one shot was written for pjowriters on tumblr. Make sure to go follow us! If you have a request for us, leave us an ask! Also, tumblr is the best way to contact me and ensure a reply. I see all of the reviews and PMs I get, but I forget to answer sometimes. I can't ignore messages in my inbox on tumblr as easily. The link is on my profile. Thanks! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or anything else you may recognize. -12282014- Annabeth knew that she shouldn't like him. She was from a completely different universe. She had way more options. But oh god. Annabeth was obsessed with him. His eyes, his shoulders, his arms, his jaw, his voice. Annabeth just wanted to grab him and push him up against the wall when he smirked at her and— Annabeth Chase was the daughter of a wealthy CEO. Her dad owned a popular architect company in New York, and Annabeth was headed straight to business school as soon as she graduated from high school. Her future was lined up, straight and simple. There weren't any curves or flaws, and one day she was going to take over the business for herself. That's what her mom and dad expected. They had given her the perfect life. The least she could do was follow through with it. So obviously there wasn't any room in the plan for this guy. Percy Jackson was a nobody. He walked around with his shoulders back and his leather jacket glued to his body. He didn't say anything unless someone said something to him. He walked through the hallways like he owned the place, and no one ever told him otherwise. Annabeth had heard that he was in a band, and she saw him hanging around with a few other guys from their school. (Not that she paid attention to him.) Okay. She totally did. She had no idea why she liked him. Sure, she was tutoring him after school on Mondays and Wednesdays, but they didn't interact outside of the library. The only thing that they talked about was math. They shouldn't have any sort of connection between them, but Annabeth felt it. She knew that something would happen if she would let it. Today was Monday. She was already sitting at their library table, reading her new book and waiting for him to get here. "Sorry," he muttered as he pulled a chair out across from her. "I had to take my little sister to my mom's office." Annabeth looked up at him, "You have a little sister?" "Yeah," he said, raising an eyebrow. His green eyes were really green today and— Snap out of it, she thought. "Okay, what did you learn in math today?" She asked, reaching out for his math book and flipping it open. He shrugged, "Hell if I know. I think it was something about triangles?" She sighed and handed him a pencil. Her fingers brushed his, and Annabeth felt a shock go down her spine. He smirked when she jerked her hand back. It was going to be one of those days. Ω As soon as she had taught Percy the lesson and helped him through a few of the problems, he was doing fine. She sat across from him with her book in her hands, but both of them knew that she was watching him. On more than one occasion he caught her gaze, and he smirked down at his paper. After almost half an hour, Annabeth had been caught looking at him for what felt like the six hundredth time. She shoved away from the table and stomped off deeper into the library. She just needed to get her head together. There was no way that she needed to have a crush on Percy Jackson. Her mom and dad would lose their shit if she brought him over for Sunday brunch one day. So why did she like him so much? Why couldn't she stop thinking about him? Why did his eyes drive her crazy all day every day? Why did she dream about him every night? Why? "Annabeth?" She jumped at his voice. She had been turned around, leaning against one of the book cases, and she hadn't realized that Percy had followed her. He was standing next to her, and he was watching her. He stepped closer. Suddenly, Annabeth's entire field of vision was filled with Percy. She could see how green his eyes were. She could hear him breathing. Her back was pressed against the book case, and Percy had his hands on either side of her head, surrounding her with his body. His expression was serious, but there was a playful look in his eyes. He glanced down at her lips and— Annabeth leaned forward and pressed her lips to his. If she hadn't already known that she had feelings for him, she did now. Percy kissed her and pulled her closer to him so she was pressed to his chest. His arm wrapped around her back, and his other hand edged down her thigh until he gripped behind her knee and pulled her up off of the ground. She wrapped her legs around his waist, and he made an annoyed noise that was muffled against her lips when their noses bumped together. She modified the angle and tangled her hand in his hair. After a few more seconds, Annabeth broke away for air, and Percy kissed her jaw and down to her neck. She moaned quietly when he hit a spot behind her ear. "Hmm, did I do that?" He whispered cheekily, sucking a bruise into her skin at that spot. "Shut… up," she panted, leaning into him even more and tightening her legs around his waist. She kissed the side of his face before she jerked his lips back to hers. Her dress was bunched up around her hips, and one of Percy's hands kept skating up the back of her thigh until his fingertips slipped over her black panties. She made a slight, surprised noise when his hand covered her ass to pull her up on his hips better. When her legs tightened around his waist even more, Percy moved his hands down to the back of her thighs. They were making out in the middle of the library. Sure, they were in the back section where this probably happened quite often, but anyone could still see them. And they would be so screwed if that happened. So she pulled back. Percy let her go. He slowly set her down on the ground, and he dragged his hands up her sides, pulling her dress back down into its place. He brushed one of her curls behind her ear, and he dropped a short kiss to her lips. She was staring at him. She didn't know what to say. She had just made out with Percy in a corner of the library. What was he going to think? Was he going to expect something from her now? She must have had a weird expression on her face because he laughed softly. He said, "Don't worry about it, Annabeth. I wanted to kiss you just as much as you wanted to kiss me." She scowled up at him. "I'm not even sure why I wanted to kiss you so much." "That was awful rude, Ms. Chase," he said, pressing his lips to the spot behind her ear. Her knees wobbled, and she cursed herself. "You know what I meant." "Mmm. So is this going to be a side thing?" Percy asked. She paused and looked up at him. There was something flickering in his eyes, and Annabeth wondered if her expression mirrored his. His jaw was loose, but his shoulders were tense, like he was waiting for her answer. Annabeth put her hand on his jaw and traced her fingers across his lips. Her voice was soft when she said, "It doesn't have to be." "It doesn't?" He asked, eyebrows scrunching together. "No," she said, biting back a smile. "And what would your parents think if you brought me home?" She did smile that time, and she slipped her arms around his neck, crowding closer to him. She said, "They would deal with it because I really like you, and they couldn't ruin that." "Really?" He was biting his lip. His green eyes were full of emotion, and he looked so unsure right then. She nodded. Percy's arms snaked around her waist, pulling her closer. He leaned down and kissed her again. She sighed against his lips, and Percy started laughing, tightening his grip on her hips. He broke away, "So you would take me back to your house right now and introduce me to your parents?" "Yes," she said hesitantly. He leaned down, kissing her neck and collarbone. She shivered when she felt his breath across her chest. He whispered against her skin, "Good to know." Ω They had been dating for almost a month. Things were good. Annabeth really liked Percy, and their relationship was rock solid. It was sort of weird though. When their friends had first found out, everyone had panicked a little. Crossing the social ladder like this wasn't really normal, and it was weird to see Annabeth dating a guy like Percy and vice versa. But it was easy too. After a few days, their friends got used to it. Percy's friends really liked Annabeth, and Annabeth's friends thought Percy was hot. It wasn't that easy with their parents. Or really, it was just her parents. Percy had taken her to meet his mom almost two weeks ago, and Sally had loved her. Annabeth guessed that it was because she didn't exactly look like Percy. She was introducing him to her parents tonight. They were having dinner at their house. She wasn't as nervous as Percy was though. He knew that their family was a lot different from his, and he also knew that they were a lot better off financially. She never really said anything about it because she knew that it embarrassed him, but he knew from the clothes she wore and the car she drove. It was easy to tell. Annabeth had already warned her parents. She had threatened them with not attending Harvard when she graduated if they weren't nice to him. Her mother and father had both promised to be on their best behavior. She doubted it would matter. When she heard him knock on the door, she jumped up from the couch in the living room. She had been sitting with her laptop, waiting by herself. Their butler was in the kitchen, finishing dinner. Her parents were still upstairs in their respective studies. As Annabeth ran to the door, she sent her mom a text to tell her Percy was here. She opened the door and smiled when she saw him. He was wearing a pair of dark wash jeans. He had a black button down shirt on, and the sleeves were rolled up his forearms. She could barely see his tattoo peeking out from under the dark material on his arm, but her parents would probably spot it immediately. Percy was wearing his old, black Converse. His black hair was swept to the side, and there was one spot of it sticking up behind his ear. He had his hands shoved into his pockets, and he was tapping his foot against the sidewalk nervously. He looked great. Annabeth tossed her arms around him and pulled him inside, hugging him while kicking the door shut. He was laughing, but it sounded really nervous. She pulled away enough to see his face and said, "Are you okay?" He nodded too quickly, "I'm fine." "You seem nervous," she commented, brushing his hair across his forehead. He rolled his eyes, "Of course I'm nervous, Annabeth." "It's going to be fine," she said, pressing her lips to