A/N: Okay, yes, I am alive. Sorry that it's been so long! This fic was written for the pjohoobigbang on tumblr, and it has two more parts that I am posting very soon. You guys can come find me on tumblr somethingmorecreative1. I'm usually always there. I hope everything is going good, and I hope you like this fic. -11122016- Trees blur past as Percy stares out the window. The long, two lane road is near deserted and fully surrounded by thin, tall trees. It's rare that they pass by any stores or homes other than just a few; even those seem to be quiet. The forest here is thinner than his home, which makes him nervous. He doesn't like for the trees to be thin. It gives room for secrets to slip out and enemies to slip in. He shifts his gaze ahead to stare out the windshield of the truck when Jason reaches out and turns the radio down. The atmosphere goes from peaceful and quiet to tense and difficult in one second. "Hey," Jason says, voice soft and slow. "We don't have to do this." "What else are we going to do?" he asks tiredly. They've been having this same argument for days now. "Start a war?" Jason shrugs, glancing over at him from where he's driving. It's just the two of them. Alpha and Beta. "We would win anyway. You know that the pack would follow you to war if we had to." "But we don't have to," Percy stresses. He rubs a hand across his face, exhausted from the night before. He had been up late working, and then, when he had managed to fall asleep, the dreams had plagued him all night. "This is the way to fix it." "But an arranged mating?" Jason says, turning his nose up in disgust. "It's not guaranteed to work, Percy, and it's… it's a bad idea. Especially since you think—" Percy interrupts him because there isn't a reason to talk about this. He says, "We don't know what I think. It's probably just dreams. We don't have any idea what it is, and we can't just assume that I have a predestined mate out there waiting on me somewhere when I need to have a bonding to secure the alliance now." Jason purses his lips. They travel down the road in silence. Percy has been Alpha of his pack for a little over two years now. He was raised to be an Alpha by his adopted father, Paul, after his biological parents died. He has been training his entire life for his own pack, and honestly, it's better than he could have ever imagined. His home is safe, and his wolves are happy. Everything is perfect. Well, except for one thing. Percy hasn't taken a mate yet, which is largely in part to the dreams that he has at night about a gray she-wolf. It's an old legend, but some werewolves experience dreams where they encounter another wolf as their mate. It's rare, but the bond between these wolves is like no other. It's stronger than the average bond between mates, like the match is so right that the universe pulls the two wolves together through their subconscious without even knowing the other exists. He isn't sure if this is what his dreams mean, or if they mean that he should get more rest. Because Percy is an Alpha and needs to protect his pack, he doesn't have time to wait around for his spiritual mate. Ever since Percy can remember, the relationship with one of the packs closest to them, about a hundred miles to the west, has never been good. All through Percy's childhood, that pack has been led by cruel leaders who make rash decisions. It reminds Percy too much of the day his parents died. He is afraid of having a damaged and tense bond with this pack when the Alpha is a man with no morals and plenty of resources. The only way that Percy can think of to strengthen the bond would be an arranged mating. Even though it's an old practice that not many werewolves use or rely on anymore, the union between an Alpha's daughter and another Alpha is respected more than any other bonding. It's the most sufficient way to ensure a safe relationship with another pack. The GPS on the dashboard signals their turn, and he realizes that they are only a few miles from their destination. Percy sighs and turns his gaze to the window again. A few minutes later, Jason turns onto a gravel road. The trees are still thin, but Percy can't make anything out in the distance other than the gate that looms in front of them and blocks the entrance. Percy never thought that he would be here. He always thought that he would get to pick his mate, fall in love with someone and then have a life with them, with someone he chose for himself and someone that chose him because they loved him. He takes a deep breath and tries to slow his heartrate. He can't let the wolves of this pack know that he's scared. He can't look weak right now. He has to be strong. Jason breaks the silence between them and says, "We should see if there's another way." "I already know the way, Jason," Percy says, voice hard. In the distance, he can see a few of the pack's wolves walking toward them, ready to open the gate for them. He climbs out of the truck to stand in front of it, stance firm and aggressive. Jason takes his place on his left a few seconds later. Percy lowers his voice as the wolves approach. "This pack is old and traditional. If there's a fight, we fight to the death. Let's try not to offend them, but we're not taking any of their shit." Jason nods, stance mirroring Percy's. It's good to have Jason as his Beta. He's glad that Jason is here with him now. Percy spots other wolves in his peripherals, wolves that haven't shifted into their human form. He wonders how many wolves make up this pack and what the likelihood is that they get out of a fight alive. One of the wolves reaches forward and unlocks the gate before two more pull it open for them. He turns his back on them and climbs into the truck. Ω The air in the room is thick and heavy with tension while Percy and Jason wait for the meeting to start. The Alpha of the pack, a man named Dare, has five wolves in the room with them. They stand guard in various places, two close to the door and the others dispersed in the corners of the room. It's silent other than their breathing. Percy lounges in his chair, feigning boredom. Everything about this meeting requires him to be in control, especially if he wants it to go his way. He can't look weak in front of any other Alpha, especially Dare. Dare has been the Alpha of this pack for the last decade or so. Even though he's been the Alpha for that long, Percy hasn't had much interaction with him. Even Paul, the Alpha before Percy, didn't communicate with him often. It's only been through other packs and small, interactions that Percy has learned what he is capable of. He's an inherently cruel man. He treats his pack terribly, controlling them with fear and hatred, and abusing his wolves when they don't listen. He's been reported to the High Court, which is the only government association they have as werewolves, several times over, but his resources have prevented him from being reprimanded for the of errors. The only thing that would really cause him to get into trouble would be killing or threatening another Alpha. A few seconds before the door to the room opens, Percy hears footsteps from the hall. He drops his feet to the floor and straightens in his chair, staring at the door intently. He feels Jason tense beside him, and even without turning to look at him, Percy knows that he's scanning the other wolves in the room, ready to protect him if he needs it. It's good to have him here. The door swings open with a light squeak, and a cloud of cigar smoke floats into the room. Percy immediately recognizes Dare. He wears a rumpled suit, tie loose and hanging low in his collar. He smells slightly of alcohol and strongly of the cigar hanging in his fingertips. A pair of wire frame glasses sits on his nose. Percy fights the urge to roll his eyes. They're just for show. All werewolves have perfect vision. Dare is followed into the room by two large wolves, both wearing threatening expression. After them, another older wolf comes into the room. Percy recognizes Frederick Chase, Dare's Beta. He's wearing a dress shirt and a pair of slacks. There are dark circles under his eyes, and his shoulders are taught, like he expects a fight. He keeps his eyes on the wolves surrounding them instead of glancing at Percy. He knows that Frederick was supposed to be the Alpha of this pack. Right before Frederick was going to become the Alpha, Dare swooped in and stole the title from him, bribing the rest of the pack with money and the promise of power and territory. The Elders of Percy's pack have told him stories about it happening, about how Frederick stepped to the side and let him take his pack. Now, Percy rises to his feet. Jason stays seated in his chair. "Percy Jackson," Dare murmurs, dark eyes flitting up and down his body, sizing him up. "Dare." "A little young, aren't you?" he asks, walking further into the room and stopping on the other side of the table. Frederick follows him to stand a few paces behind him. Percy fights the urge to smirk. His face remains blank when he says, "But not inexperienced." Dare shrugs and pulls out the chair on the other side of the table. Percy sinks down into his own chair at the same time. "To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit?" Dare asks, smirking at Percy through his useless glasses. "I think you know," Percy replies, leaning back in his chair casually. Jason shifts beside him. "And why should I even bother for an alliance with a pack like yours, Jackson?" Dare asks, studying his cigar lazily. The other wolves in the room are stiff, waiting on Percy to get offended and attack. Percy studies Dare, a bored look etched onto his face, "You know as well as I do, Dare, that my pack is stronger, less divided. Unlike yours. By the time your wolves picked a side, this territory would be mine." "So why not take it? If you're so confident it would be that way." "I have no interest," Percy pauses slightly. "Yet." Dare looks at him intently, but Percy doesn't waver. He's seen mean and horrible Alphas throughout his life, and he has sworn that he would never treat any wolf like that. If taking over this pack is the only way to secure a safe environment for his wolves, then Percy won't hesitate. "And you have proposed an arranged mating with an important member of my pack to secure the bond between us, yes?" Dare purposefully glances at the space behind Percy's shoulder. "You feel that this would—" Percy feels the shift in the room right before he feels a hand on his shoulder. He jumps up from his chair, spinning around and reaching out to grab at the figure behind him. Percy can hear Jason growling savagely, but he doesn't intervene. His vision is tinted red, but he gets his hand around his attacker's throat and lefts him up off the ground. The blonde male is young, and his hands claw