A/N: This fic was written for grimreapercy on tumblr. Follow me at somethingmorecreative1 -282016- Percy has a complicated relationship with the owner of the tattoo parlor. First of all, she (yes, she ) buys the building directly across the street from his shop and turns the bakery into a tattoo parlor. Percy had loved the bakery (the blue chocolate cupcakes were his favorite), and then he gets to work one morning and finds out that a tattoo parlor bought out the business. A tattoo parlor. A place where they permanently ink things onto skin. It's morbid and disgusting, and Percy hates the idea immediately. But, his mother raised him to have good manners, so he grumbles the whole time while he puts together a welcome bouquet when the tattoo parlor finally opens up. He isn't sure what kind of flowers go with tattoos, but he throws together a simple vase with yellow daisies before he walks over to the shop, calling out to Hazel that he will be back shortly. If he isn't intimidated by the name of the shop, Permanently Stained Tattoos , he is when he enters and it opens up into a beautifully designed building with hardwood floors and red brick walls that have wonderful paintings. He isn't sure how they got it like that because honestly, his shop is a fucking disaster compared to this. "Just a second!" A voice calls from deeper in the shop. Before Percy can respond, a woman spins out from around a wall, stopping behind the counter that sits in the front of the shop by the door. She has curly, blonde hair, half of it pulled away from her face in a low ponytail. She is wearing a pair of skinny jeans and a black sweater with a silver necklace. She's really pretty, and Percy blinks in surprise at her. "Can I help you?" she asks. Percy notes that it is a different voice than the one from a few seconds ago. "Uh. I'm your neighbor," he says, gesturing across the street to his shop. "Just wanted to stop in a say hi." She raises an eyebrow in confusion, "You own Blue Lilies ? The flower shop?" "Florist," Percy grumbles, stepping forward and setting the bouquet down onto the counter. "But yeah. That's me." She lets her eyes travel down his body. "Hmm. I never would have thought that you would have been the owner of a florist." "Well, I never thought that you would own a tattoo parlor." She scowls, "What are the flowers for?" He frowns, wondering if he expects her to charge her for them or something. "It's a welcoming bouquet. For good luck." The amused look on her face makes Percy blush. She says, "That's sweet of you." He shrugs. She reaches forward to gently touch the daisies, and when she leans down to smell them, she cracks a small smile. "I'm Annabeth. I own the shop," she says. He smiles a bit, "I'm Percy." Ω Percy doesn't hear anything from the tattoo parlor for a few days. Of course, he watches them from across the street. His employee, Hazel, tells him that he's spying, and it probably doesn't help his case that he always looks guilty when Hazel catches him doing it. He's helping a customer pick from a bouquet of sunflowers or lilies when the bell on the door dings. Percy calls out, "I'll be with you in a second!" "Take your time." He finishes with the customer, taking their preferences and pointing them in the direction of the back counter where they can make a down payment on the arrangement with Hazel before he heads back up to the front to help the other customer. He stops in surprise when he spots Annabeth leaning against the counter. She's wearing a pair of dark jeans and a dark red sweater, which oddly highlights her light blonde hair. The jeans cling to her skin, and Percy jerks his eyes away before he can be caught staring. "Annabeth?" Percy asks, wondering what the hell she's doing here. She flicks her gray gaze over to him, a small smile flickering on her lips. "Hey." He steps behind the counter, filling out an order form for the other customer's sunflowers. While he works he says, "What can I do for you?" "I need some flowers." He raises an eyebrow, "Good thing you're at a florist then." She frowns, "My father and stepmother are coming to the city this weekend, and I thought some flowers might help my interior decorating skills at my apartment." Percy thinks back to her perfectly designed tattoo parlor. He really doubts that she needs any help with that. Annabeth seems like the type to be a perfectionist. "Right, okay," he says anyway. "What kind do you want?" "What's your favorite?" "Uh," Percy's confused that she's asking. "Lilies probably, but blue roses are pretty cool too if I take the time to dye them because they're really expensive since they're genetically modified flowers that have to be ordered and shipped up here." It looks like Annabeth stifles a laugh, and Percy feels mortified that he just went all flower geek on her. She probably thinks he's such a loser. "Can you make me a bouquet, then?" she asks, that same gorgeous smile playing at her lips. "Of whatever you like the best will be great. I don't know that much about flowers." "Uh, yeah," he says. "I can just... Make whatever I want?" "Yeah, I'd say that you're pretty good at this, wouldn't you?" Annabeth isn't looking for an answer because she keeps talking. "When can you have one done?" He looks over the other orders he has to fill, and he says, "I can have it tomorrow afternoon." "That'll be great," she nods. "Want me to pay you now?" He shakes his head, "I know where to find you if you don't pay." She laughs lightly before turning and heading toward the door. "Thanks, Percy. I owe you one." He wonders what she owes him, but she's calling out a goodbye and heading back across the street before he can ask. Ω He makes Annabeth's bouquet out of white lilies with a touch of lilac. It's accented with a shade of lavender, and Percy's really proud of it even though he's not one for purple flowers. Because he has already filled all of the orders for the day, he walks it across the street to her, and when he enters the shop, there's a woman with light brown hair sitting at the front desk, flipping through a magazine. She has a feather braided into her hair, and she looks up at Percy with kaleidoscope eyes that are stunning. "Hey, you must be Percy," she says. "I'm Piper, one of the artists. Hold on a second. Annabeth is with a client right now, but she can probably take a break." "It's no big deal if she's busy," he says. "I figured I would drop this off for her." "I can get her," Piper argues, a weird glint in her eyes. "Just a second." She scampers off deeper into the shop before Percy can say anything. Annabeth comes out a few minutes later, hair pulled back into a high ponytail. She has a face mask hanging around her neck, and she's stripping off a pair of gloves that she throws in the trash. She grins when she sees him, and then her eyes shift to the flowers on the counter and she rushes toward them. "Percy, they look great!" she exclaims. "Thank you so much." "I'm glad you like them," he grins, reaching forward to straighten the ribbon on the vase. "How much do I owe you?" Percy rattles off the price, and Annabeth steps behind the counter to write him a check. "And I have your other vase from the last one." "Thanks," he says, taking the empty vase from her. "Well, I'll let you get back to work then." "Do you want to see the design I'm working on?" She blurts out the question just as he's turning away, but she doesn't look embarrassed like Percy expects her to. Instead, her eyes are bright, and she's already turning slightly away like she knows that he's going to follow her. "Uh. Sure," he says, smiling lightly as he follows her back into the shop. There's a younger guy leaning back in a chair, face up and bare chested. His eyes are closed, and there's a million different tattoos drawn up his arm and across his shoulders. Percy is slightly amazed because did Annabeth do all of those? She leads him back to a desk and a drawing board, where there is a design of a wolf. It's a close up on the creature's face, and it's more detailed than anything Percy has ever seen. It's really awesome, and he's speechless at seeing how talented Annabeth is. Like, he can't comprehend how anyone could do that. It's amazing. "Did you draw this?" he asks, stepping closer to get a better look. "Yeah, the client brought a different image to me, but I redesigned it. Do you like it?" "It's amazing," he says. "Thanks. Do you have any tattoos?" He shakes his head, "I've never been brave enough." She grins at him, and her smile is as beautiful as her design. "Well, when you do decide you are enough, you know where to find me." Percy nods, too mesmerized by the design and her to say anything. Ω The next time that Percy sees Annabeth, she's walking down the street toward the shop, hunched over against the rain. She has a leather jacket across her shoulders, and she looks soaked. Percy jogs to catch up to her, hovering close to her shoulder and holding his umbrella over her. She jerks her head up, and the sharp look dissolves into a soft smile when she recognizes him. She says, "Thanks." "No problem," he says. "Messy morning. Flowers might wilt with the humidity." Annabeth hums. "Do you lose a lot of business when it rains?" "Nah," he says, squinting as the rain blows in toward his face. He readjusts the umbrella so it covers more of Annabeth. "My customers are pretty loyal, thankfully." They walk in silence the rest of the way, and Percy holds the umbrella over her head until she gets the door to her tattoo shop open and rushes inside. Percy gives her a small wave before he makes his own way over to his shop. Ω Later that day, Percy's arranging a set of matching bouquets for a wedding, and he catches Annabeth staring at him through her window across the street. He blushes, lifting a hand to wave at her, and then she's laughing and turning away, leaving Percy with a blush on his face and his thoughts in a mess. Ω "So what's up with you and Frank these days? Has he pulled out an engagement ring yet?" Percy asks mischievously, picking a few daises from the display in the window to put in a new bouquet for his mom tonight. Hazel blushes, "Everything is good, and no, we're not getting married." Percy laughs, sending her a smile where she's sitting at the front desk working on the finances for the store. Since Percy isn't very good with math and numbers in general, Hazel does all of the business stuff while Percy handles the flowers. It's really nice and he's lucky that he has her to help him. He shuffles a few feet down, grabbing some greenery before tucking it into the vase with the flowers for his mom. "And besides," Hazel starts. "I'm not the one that has a love affair going on with the tattoo artist." Percy blushes immediately, causing Hazel to laugh. He mutters, "Not a love affair. We're just…" "Flirting with each other every five seconds from across the street. Taking her flowers every few days and—" "We have