A/N: This is dedicated to lililibird on tumblr. Thanks for being so great, Lili! I hope you like this! -12202015- Annabeth can remember every single time that she's had to hold Percy's hand as he gets his knuckles stitched back up from punching someone or when she's had to hold a pack of ice to a black eye that he got for insulting someone at their high school or even that one time that she had to drag him out of the road after he had a skateboarding accident, and he was a lot heavier than he looked, okay? So it's kind of funny to see Percy scowling and frowning and pacing around her small bed in the Emergency Room. "Hey," she says softly, trying to make her voice sound like she was in less pain so he wouldn't panic. "You can go home. I'm fine." He turns his scowl to her. "I'm not leaving you here." She shrugs then, looking back up at the wall and biting her lip. Annabeth was at practice earlier today—Track, even though she wasn't that good, it looked great on her resumes—when she tripped over one of the hurdles. She could usually clear them without a problem, but she had been thinking about her history paper and her foot got caught on it. She threw her hands out in front of her, which probably saved her face, but her wrist had cracked and bent to a strange angle. Frank, a friend from the team, had called Percy, her best friend, and he had been there in what seemed like two seconds, picking her up from the bench she was resting on and carrying her to the car and to the Emergency Room. He's been pacing ever since the nurse left them in here, and even though her wrist is hurting like hell, she isn't going to cry. Percy will just freak out and cry too, and really, that's all she needs tonight. After a few more minutes of his pacing, Annabeth sighs and says, "Percy. Stop. Come sit down. If I have to listen to your stupid shoes squeaking anymore because you're too cheap to buy new ones, I'm going to throw up on you." Percy huffs, scowling as he sits down in the chair beside her. He leans closer, keeping his green eyes on hers. "You look like you're hurting," he comments. "Well it's no walk in the park," she mutters, shifting on her back uncomfortably and reaching up to touch her wrist. She winces when her fingers graze the skin. Percy reaches up and takes her other hand away, twisting his fingers with hers and bringing their hands up to his face. He avoids her eyes, and they sit in silence, which is good because Annabeth doesn't want him to know how much her wrist hurts. She stares at him instead. He looks odd against the white wall in the hospital, all black and leather. His black hair is cropped short now, after she managed to convince him to cut the blue dye out of it. He's wearing his black leather jacket with a black All Time Low t-shirt underneath it. His jeans are dark too, and he's wearing the same pair of Converse that he always has. They're so old that Annabeth has already bought him a new pair that she's planning on slipping into his closet after she destroys the old ones. Annabeth thinks it's weird how he went from wearing blue t-shirts and talking about basketball one day to the next shredding a guitar, riding a skateboard and buying a leather jacket. The change seems almost instant when she thinks back on it, but when she had asked him about it when they were younger, he had shrugged her off, telling her that he had always been like that and he might as well show it. It didn't really change anything between them. Just—just the way she looked at him sometimes. More often than not, she would catch herself staring at him while he played guitar in his band. She would find herself biting her lip when he shrugged on his leather jacket. God forbid he ever gets the tattoo that he's thinking about. Annabeth would probably scream. Okay, maybe she has a thing for her best friend. But it's not like it's just now starting, okay? She has a feeling that it's always been there. Maybe that's why she can be so comfortable with him while having butterflies swarm her stomach at the same time. For some reason, she finds herself thinking back to last week. Percy got into a fight with one of the football players over something stupid, and the guy's fist had connected with Percy's face before he could get out of the way. Annabeth never really found out how it started, but thankfully, it wasn't Percy's fault because he didn't get suspended this time. In fact, the only reason she actually found out about it at all was because she went over to his house across the street to read him one of her papers before she turned it in. She got there before Sally did, and she found Percy shirtless in the kitchen, pulling a frozen bag of peas out of the freezer to press to his face. She had nearly dropped her laptop when she saw him. "Hi," Percy had said quickly. "It isn't what it looks like." She frowned, "Sit down and let me see." Percy closed the freezer and trudged over to one of the shorter bar stools. His jeans were riding low on his hips, giving Annabeth an impressive view of his chest (not that she was looking). When he sat down, his head was almost even with hers, and Annabeth took the frozen peas from him before tilting his chin back to see the dark bruise circling his right eye. "It wasn't my fault," Percy said, wincing when she set the peas onto his face. "Yeah, okay," she said, running her other hand through his hair and down his other cheek. He hummed when her fingers brushed his lips, and his eyes fluttered close. "'M serious, 'Beth," he said, blinking up at her. "Not my fault." Annabeth didn't answer him, instead looking down at his right hand. "Give me your hand." He lifted his hand, and she took it with hers, running her fingers over his tan knuckles. They weren't bleeding, so he must have been serious about it not being his fault. "Told you," he said. "I didn't hit him." She hummed, letting go of his hand and looking back to his face. His eyes were closed again, and after a few more minutes, Annabeth removed the bag of peas before placing it back in the freezer. He was staring at her when she turned back around. There was a small smile on his face, and Annabeth found herself returning it before she could scold him for getting into another fight and— "Annabeth," Percy says now, interrupting her memory. He's frowning at her. "You okay?" She blinks, realizing that she has been staring at him the whole time. She nods and looks away, squeezing Percy's hand. Percy's mom, Sally, runs into the room a few minutes later, bending down to press a kiss to Annabeth's forehead before swatting Percy on the head and saying he should have called sooner. Annabeth laughs weakly, and really, she's relieved that Sally is here. Her dad is gone on a business trip, and Sally might as well be her mom anyway. "Has the doctor said anything?" Sally asks, brushing Annabeth's sweaty hair off of her forehead. She's still in her practice uniform, and she just wants to go home, take a shower, and go to bed. She shakes her head right as Percy says, "They took the x-rays already, but they haven't been back in yet." Soon enough, the doctor comes back into the room, announces that her wrist is broken, and decides that she needs a cast. Percy tries to convince her to get a black one, but she goes with pink when the nurse asks her. The doctor tells her that she can't run on the team until the cast comes off, but she doesn't really care. She wasn't the best on the team, and she was only doing it for her resume. Since Annabeth's dad is gone, Sally asks her to stay with them so she can make sure she doesn't have a bad reaction to the pain medicine the doctor prescribes her. Annabeth agrees, relieved that she doesn't have to go home by herself. Normally, she doesn't mind, but her wrist is hurting, and really, all she wants to do is curl up with Percy on the couch and watch a movie. When they leave the hospital, Percy drives Annabeth back home, and they walk across the street to her house to get her clothes. Percy has his hand on the small of her back, and Annabeth's right arm is cradled in a sling to keep it above her heart. He waits on her bed while she takes a shower, which is a lot less difficult than she thought it would be. Even though her shoulder is sore too, it's fairly easy to keep her arm above her head so she doesn't get the cast wet. "You alright?" Percy asks from where he's lying on her bed when she comes back into the room, clutching a towel around her body with one arm. She nods, but doesn't say anything, walking over to her dresser and grabbing her pajamas in silence before heading back toward the bathroom to change. Honestly, she's afraid she might start crying if she answers because her wrist is throbbing and aching so badly. Percy has gathered all of her school stuff for her, and Annabeth grabs an extra set of clothes and her phone charger before letting him take her backpack for her and handing her a jacket. "Do you want me to carry you?" Percy asks when they get to the door. His eyebrows are scrunched together, like when he's worried. He's already carrying her backpack, so she shakes her head. Percy wraps an arm around her waist anyway and pulls her into his side, quickly guiding her back across the street and into his house where Sally is waiting on them. There are tears pooling in Annabeth's eyes now, and even though she kind of hates it, she lets them fall when Sally asks her how she's feeling. Her fingers are swelling and starting to bruise now, making her hand look puffy and gross underneath the cast. It feels like the cast is too small, even though Annabeth knows that it's just from the swelling in her arm because of the break. Sally pets her hair and hands her a few pills to take with a bottle of water, and Annabeth can feel Percy's hands on her shoulders and back. He's saying something to his mom now, but she's still hiccupping and trying to catch her breath from crying so she doesn't understand any of it. When she finally calms down, she whispers a quiet thank you to Sally, and the older woman smiles and nods. "Percy went upstairs to get a movie for you guys to watch. Are you hungry? I can cook something for dinner, but the medicine is going to make you sleepy," she says, smoothing her hair back again. Annabeth shakes her head again. She doesn't really think that she can eat anything right now. Percy comes back into the kitchen a few minutes later, running his hands across her shoulders and murmuring something about watching a movie. She lets him guide her to the living room, helping her shuffle out of her shoes and jacket before stepping out of his own shoes. He must have left his jacket upstairs, and he moves to the TV, putting the third Harry Potter movie into the DVD player because