A/N: Happy Birthday, Shay! I hope you had a great day, and I'm sooo sorry that this is late! I hope you like it. I found this prompt on tumblr, and it IS COMPLETE. Come over to my blog sometime if you want to chat. -5202015- It's been about two months. The police keep telling him that it was an accident. And he would believe them too, if he hadn't walked into the kitchen that day to find his smelly step-father standing over his mother's body in the kitchen, waving a knife and yelling about beer. He would believe the police if he didn't have to go back to that apartment that used to smell like cookies and home to find fucking Gabe laughing and playing poker with his friends. He would believe the police if Gabe hadn't beat him senseless the next night, laughing about how his mother had looked the exact same way when she had been spread out on the floor, trying to stay alive. Percy runs the next morning. While Gabe is passed out on the couch, Percy walks calmly through the apartment, gathering up some of his mom's favorite possessions and packing them into a cardboard box. He grabs his mom's journal, one of her favorite t-shirts, and her only cookbook that she had written, packing them into his backpack before moving to stand over the couch. He is clutching a knife in his hand, contemplating Gabe's life. It isn't worth anything. He stole Percy's mother, took her away like she was nothing. He deserves the same fate. But Percy can hear her voice in his ear, telling him that she loves him and to put the knife down and run as far as he can. He sets the knife down on Gabe's chest, grabs his backpack and box, and walks out the door. Ω Percy has been living in a warehouse on the edge of town. He's lucky that there is still electricity and water, but he is pretty sure that someone is working out of it. Most of the time, he's only there at night though. Somehow, he has gotten a job at a restaurant, waiting tables, and it's enough to buy clothes and some other things he has to have. He goes to school most days. Only because he can still feel his mom pressing a kiss to his cheek and telling him that everything is going to be alright. Nothing is alright. His mom is gone, and Percy wishes that he was dead too. Ω Percy keeps living in the warehouse and working at the restaurant. He thinks that the owner has figured out that there's someone living in his warehouse, but no one ever says anything to him about it, so Percy stays. He sleeps curled up next to the box he brought from home, with his mom's t-shirt under his head. It stopped smelling like her a long time ago, but it's still hers. He has gone back to the apartment once, and it was just long enough to grab some more of their stuff. He had watched Gabe stumble out of the building that morning, ignoring his mom's warning to turn around and get back to school where he belongs. Gabe hadn't even locked the door behind him that time, and everything had still been the same, minus the layer of garbage that sat on top of everything. He grabbed all of his clothes and two more of his mom's shirts along with her favorite jacket. She had kept a few pieces of jewelry, just two necklaces and her wedding ring that Percy's dad had given her before he had died, so Percy took all of it. He also swiped all of the pictures of his mom that he could find throughout the apartment, and by the time he had everything, he had two boxes full. Just because he knew he was never coming back, he wandered through the smelly apartment that used to be home and into the kitchen. On the fridge, there was a note that his mom had written him a few days before everything. I'll be back soon. I love you. Percy plucked the note off of the fridge and tucked it into his jacket pocket so it rested over his heart. He grabbed his two boxes and kicked the door shut behind him. Now that he has all of their stuff out of the apartment, it's not home, and Percy's never going back. Ω About two weeks later, Percy finds this really pretty garden on his way back from the restaurant one night. He's surprised that he hasn't seen it before, but it is earlier than normal. He probably needs to kill some time before he heads back to the warehouse anyway, just in case someone is still there. So he stops and picks a few flowers. His mom had loved them, and she always had a few plants on the kitchen window back when they lived in their apartment. Usually, Gabe's cigarette smoke killed them, but his mom never stopped trying. The graveyard where she is buried isn't that far away, and Percy walks over to it in silence, stifling the tears that threaten to roll down his face. It's worse when he's alone. At school and work, he can pretend like he's not alone in the world, and it doesn't hurt so much. But he's cried so much in the past few months that he's used to it now, and the tears usually drip silently down his face without him even knowing it. Percy weaves through the cemetery, making the familiar trek to her grave. Once he's there, he sets the flowers down gently and huddles close to the headstone, imagining how awesome one of her hugs would be right now. Or one of her anythings right now. Just her. She was all Percy had in this world, and it's black and white without her in it. Ω When Percy starts getting earlier shifts at the restaurant (which usually happens once or twice a week), he makes it a routine to go by the garden and pick a few flowers before he heads over to the cemetery. He usually sits with his mom for a few hours at least, and after that time he woke up with pigeons surrounding him and picking at his hair, he tries not to fall asleep there. Today isn't any different. The restaurant had been kind of slow, but his tables had been generous, leaving him with great tips. It turns out that he isn't that bad at waiting tables, and the money isn't bad either. Anyway, he's walking down the street after his shift with his hands in his pockets. It's getting colder outside, and he really needs to buy a new jacket sometime soon. Just as he ducks behind the fence to grab a few flowers, someone grabs his shoulder. "Aha!" They shout. Percy twists quickly, throwing the hand off of his shoulder as he moves away. There's a blonde girl standing in front of him, blocking his only way back to the street. Her eyes are gray, and they're flickering with this intense and determined look. Her arms are crossed over her chest, and her curls are pulled back into a ponytail with some loose strands framing her face. She's kind of tall, probably just a few inches shorter than himself. She tips her head to the side, and some of the anger seeps out of her gaze. He can hear the confusion in her voice when she says, "Percy Jackson? You're the idiot that's been stealing flowers from my garden?" "How do you know my name?" He asks immediately, frowning and wincing at the idiot comment. That sounds a little too familiar right now. "We go to the same school. You're in my history class." He narrows his eyes, but backs away from her. He says, "Oh. Sorry." "It's fine?" She says, and she sounds just as confused as he does. And really, Percy just wants to get out of here. "But why do you keep stealing my flowers? You're almost killing them because you pick them so often!" Percy looks down at his feet and mutters, "Oh, I'm sorry. I won't bother you again." She must catch the sadness in his voice because then she steps back too. Her gray eyes are a lot wider than they were two seconds ago, and she says, "No, you're not bothering me, it's just. I would really appreciate it if you would be more careful when you steal my flowers because they took a really long time to grow here." He nods and wonders if she would move out of his way so he can leave. "And where do you go with my flowers every day?" Annabeth asks. "Are they for a girl? Is she pretty enough to warrant flower theft?" Percy freezes, wondering what the hell he's supposed to say. She seems to get his hesitation because she moves away and walks toward the garden. Percy shifts out of her way, and then he could really make a run for it since she isn't blocking the fence anymore, but something makes him hesitate. Before he knows it, Annabeth is talking again. "I'll come with you then, just to see this girl," she says, picking a few flowers before standing back up and handing them to him. She motions for him to walk. "Lead the way, Prince Charming." Percy doesn't know what to say, so he starts walking. Annabeth falls into step beside him, and now that Percy looks at her again, he thinks that he does recognize her from school. He tries to keep his head down, and he really only speaks to the teachers. Makes sense that he didn't recognize her at first. But Percy can't figure out what to say to her. How is he supposed to tell her that he stole her flowers to put on his mom's grave? So he doesn't say anything. He just keeps walking. Annabeth stays silent by his side. It's not a long walk, so they make it to the cemetery pretty soon. When they first walk in, he sees Annabeth raise her eyebrows and glance up at him, but he doesn't look at her. Instead, he weaves through the graveyard. He comes to a stop at his mom's grave and places the flowers by the headstone, sitting down on the side of the grave. There's no telling what Annabeth is thinking now, but he's not going to look up at her. She probably thinks that he's a freak, and she's probably already walking away and— She sits down beside him, and her voice is soft when she says, "I'm sorry, Percy. I shouldn't have bothered you." He shrugs, "I shouldn't have been stealing your flowers, but they just reminded me of her and I—" "Percy," she stops him with a look. "You can take as many flowers as you want." He looks over at her in surprise, and she smiles softly at him, sitting beside him in silence until the sun sets. Ω The next day, Annabeth sits down at his lunch table. And it surprises him because he usually sits alone, which he really doesn't mind. Sometimes, his biology teacher lets him sit in his classroom during his lunch period, but Percy doesn't mind the cafeteria. It's kind of nice to sit and listen to the rest of his classmates talk, even if he's not friends with them. But anyway, she sits down at his table. She doesn't even say anything to him, she just pulls out her book and starts reading while she eats a sandwich that she brought from home. Percy sits and watches her carefully, trying to read her expression as she reads her book. Her gray eyes are flitting across the page, and Percy tries to convince himself that he doesn't think that she's pretty. Nope. Not one bit.