A/N: Congrats to blackjacktheboss for winning my fic giveaway on tumblr! Also, thank you so much to jasongraceless and lililibird for helping me out so much with this fic. Some of the headcanons belong to Lili, so go check her out on tumblr asap. -1022015- Annabeth was convinced she was dreaming because Percy doesn't sing. And yet—she could hear him softly singing a bad version of "Happy Birthday," and she could feel something pressing against her. She was laying on her side, curled up in her sheets and trying to sleep late for once, and if she could pick one day to skip out on all of her responsibilities—today was that day. Yeah. It was her birthday. Annabeth was going to sleep until at least lunch. But it was either Dream Percy or Real Percy that was ruining it. His stupid voice was deep, cracking over some of the words that he was trying to sing, making her heart beat faster in her chest. His lips were way too close to her ear, and she was struggling to suppress the shivers running down her spine from him being so close. Once Percy's song ended, he said, "Annabeth, I know you're awake." She let out a small groan and turned over, slowly blinking her eyes open. The Athena cabin was flooded with soft, yellow light from the morning sun, but it was silent other than her and Percy. Her siblings must have already been out training. When Annabeth's eyes adjusted, the only thing she could see was Percy. He was grinning at her from where he was laying down beside her, and he had one of his arms wrapped around her body, pulling her a bit closer to him. Butterflies swarmed Annabeth's stomach, just because she wasn't used to Percy being this close to her. "Good morning," he said with a smile. "I'm the first one to tell you happy birthday!" Annabeth rolled her eyes, but she felt her cheeks flush. "I'm surprised you remembered, Seaweed Brain." Fuck, Annabeth hadn't meant to say that. He must have noticed the mortification on her face though because he ducked forward to press a kiss to her forehead. Annabeth wondered why he was being so affectionate today. Was it just because it was her birthday? But Percy just laughed slightly, pulling back enough so she could see his whole face again. He said, "Come on, Annabeth, you know I've memorized everything about you." "I know," she whispered. When Hera had kidnapped Percy and erased his memories almost two years ago, he had lost everything. In New Rome, when Annabeth had finally seen him again, he had stared at her blankly, stumbling away from her immediately when she tried to hug him. Annabeth had wanted to die that day. But she didn't. She pulled her arms away from him, stepped out of his space, and gritted her teeth. A part of her was just relieved that he was alive and in front of her, but there was another part of her that was screaming and crying and dying— Percy was everything, and he remembered nothing. It got better—well, no. No, it didn't. Not right away at least. Annabeth spent most of the following days staying as far away from Percy as the Argo II would allow. She didn't talk to him. She ignored him when they were in meetings with the others. She didn't look at him. Percy made it three days before he finally cornered her. They had just been under a small attack on the deck of the ship, and Annabeth hadn't hesitated to toss her body in front of Percy's when a hellhound had jumped toward him. When he had frowned and asked her why she did that, it wasn't long before they were in a screaming match with each other. Annabeth hadn't even really been sure why she was mad at him until she had shouted that she wouldn't have to be so mean to him if he just remembered her, dammit. Percy's face fell, and she couldn't ever remember him looking so upset. His voice was rough when he told her that he was trying, but he just couldn't do it and— They spent the rest of the night talking. Annabeth answered Percy's questions about his mom, Camp Half-Blood, the scar on his right bicep, and anything else he could think of. She didn't start crying until he asked her if they had been more than friends before. She nodded carefully, telling him about them. Percy stared at her while she spoke, and his green eyes filled with tears when she had to stop and wipe her own away. "Why did Jason get his memories back and I didn't?" Percy had said finally, after a long moment of silence between them. "I don't know." "It's not fair." Annabeth stared up at the stars, cursing the gods because no, it wasn't. After their talk though, things did get easier between them. Percy would find his way to her side, like he just gravitated towards her. They didn't talk as much, but everything was just better with Percy by her side. They fought better together—like always—and they were both in a better mood when they were near each other. But they weren't… together. Things with the quest and war were difficult enough, and Percy didn't even remember her , much less how to hold her hand and kiss her. They slowly got used to each other (or Percy got used to Annabeth, because Annabeth knew every damn thing about him and she could finish his sentences), and they became best friends all over again. Annabeth would have thought it was really great if it didn't hurt so damn much. Then—Annabeth had to go on a solo quest, and the look Percy gave her when she left hurt, like he knew something was different, like he knew that they always worked together. And then Annabeth was back in Percy's arms, him pulling her into a hug and trying to hold some of her weight off of her broken leg after Arachne and and— Tartarus. Percy didn't let go of her, even when she begged. He didn't even know her, and he still fell with her. It was—Annabeth couldn't describe it. And then they were out, and both of them were different. Tartarus—Annabeth didn't want to think about it either. Even after the war ended, Percy didn't get his memory back. There were still some days when he would look at her, and it was obvious that he had no idea who she was. Throwing a relationship in with that? No way. It would have broken them both. So Annabeth sat back. She and Percy were still friends—great friends, actually, probably closer than they had ever been—and they grew back together slowly. Annabeth told him stories about when they were younger some days, and Percy trained harder than he ever had before. It was strange—being so old and at Camp with all of the younger kids, but neither of them had really felt like going to New Rome yet so they stayed put. "Hey," Percy interrupted her thoughts, squeezing her side and pulling her back from her memories. His green eyes were wide, and his grin was back. "We're not being sad today. It's your birthday!" "Yes, it is, and the only thing I want for my birthday is to sleep late," she yawned, rolling farther to her side and bumping into Percy. Her bunk was already small, and putting two, full-grown demigods (not to mention Percy was way bigger than her now) into it didn't really help. "Too bad. Sleeping late is not on the list for today." Annabeth frowned and leaned up on her elbow so she could look down at him. She was aware that her hair was probably a mess and she probably had sleep in her eyes and everything, but Percy was still grinning up at her. She said, "What list?" He tucked his free arm behind his head, "I have a whole list planned for your birthday today." She sighed and flopped back down beside Percy, tugging the sheets back up to her head. She was squished up against his arm now, and he smelled like the ocean. Her voice was muffled when she said, "And there's no way I could convince you that we could stay here instead?" His face was a little red when she peeked up at him, but he said, "No way, Annabeth. We've got lots of stuff to do today so you should get up and get dressed so we can go." "Where are we going?" She asked. "If you would get up, we could find out." Annabeth groaned again before rolling to her side away from Percy and ducking her head under the sheets. "It turns out, I don't care. I'm sleeping late while the rest of you party for my birthday." Percy let out a dramatic sigh, and before Annabeth knew what he was doing, she felt his fingers ghost up her sides. She squealed in surprise and jerked away from him and his stupid fingers that knew where to tickle her, but she didn't make it far before both she and Percy were rolling off of the bed and onto the floor. Thankfully, Percy landed on the floor first, so he broke her fall. She ended up on top of his chest with both of his arms wrapped around her and the sheets tangled around them too. Annabeth dropped her head to his chest and closed her eyes. "Heyyy," Percy sang, wiggling underneath her so she couldn't get comfortable and go back to sleep. "Come on, Annabeth! It's your birthday! Let's go!" She bit back a smile at how excited he sounded and rolled off of him and onto the floor beside him. She scowled at him playfully and said, "I'm sleeping late tomorrow morning." "You got it," he said with a grin. "Now get dressed. We've got places to be." Ω Sure enough, Percy dragged her through Camp as soon as she was dressed. She had been expecting all of their friends to be gathered somewhere with a surprise party, but they didn't really see anyone. Percy was dragging her by the hand, and when they started up to the top of Half-Blood Hill, she could see a pegasus and Chiron standing there. "Chiron?" Annabeth asked. He smiled, "Happy birthday, Miss Chase." "Thank you," she said, smiling back at him. Percy had already let go of her hand, stepping away from her and toward Blackjack, who was grazing beside Chiron. "But what are we doing?" "Percy has a surprise for you, which will require you to leave Camp," Chiron answered, sending Percy a smile too. He shrugged, but his face was tinted red as he reached forward to run his hand over Blackjack's nose. "Oh," Annabeth said. She couldn't think of a reason why they had to leave Camp Half-Blood, but there was really no way to guess with Percy. "Yeah, you ready to go, Annabeth?" Percy asked. He finally looked back over at her, and his face was still a bit red, like he was embarrassed about something. She nodded blankly, wondering where they could possibly be going, but Percy just climbed on to Blackjack's back and smiled. "You coming?" "Bye, Chiron," Annabeth said, glancing back at him before running a hand over Blackjack's neck. He whinnied happily, and she laughed softly as she climbed onto his back behind Percy. "Goodbye, child," Chiron said with another smile. "Let's go, Blackjack," Percy said. Annabeth held onto his waist, and then they were soaring through the sky. Ω It didn't take her long to figure out that they were going to Percy's apartment in the city. Blackjack swooped down in between the buildings, and Annabeth looked out over the city and the mortals as they flew over them. The streets and sidewalks were crowded with people, like usual, and the