A/N: I actually got this as a request on tumblr, but I liked it so much I decided to put it up as a separate story. If you want to leave a request, the BEST way to do that is to head over to my tumblr and leave it in my ask box. The link for my ask is on my profile now! This is sort of a Friends With Benefits AU featuring Punk!Percy and Girly!Annabeth. There is a lot of profanity along with a lot of suggestive scenes. This has a HIGH TEEN RATING. Who read The Blood of Olympus? I did! Leave me your thoughts in the reviews if you want to talk about it! I would love to know what you think! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians, The Heroes of Olympus, or anything else that you recognize. i still can't find the line break button i thought somebody told me that it was back am i just being stupid or -1092014- Percy had a splitting headache when he woke up. The light hurt his eyes when he blinked. He let out a groan. And it's no wonder really. He had way too many beers last night. He wasn't really positive how he got home, but since he was curled up in his sheets, it really didn't matter right now. Percy pulled the sheets up to cover his shoulders and rolled over onto his stomach. He eyes snapped open despite the throbbing behind his sinuses when he bumped into something. No. Not something. Somebody. Percy looked up slowly, like the person beside him would disappear if he thought about them. He saw a head full of blonde curls, but her tan shoulders and arms were buried under his blue comforter. She was turned away from him, but he realized that her legs were tangled with his. He recognized those curls. He stared at them every day in his history class. There was no fucking way. Annabeth Chase was one of the most popular girls at his school. She was also the smartest and not to mention the most intimidating. She wore skirts and dresses every day to school with heels and this red lipstick that Percy stared at continuously. Even though she looked like a walking sin, she was one of the nicest girls that Percy had ever met. They had known each other since grade school, but when Percy got into music and joined his band and stuff, they didn't talk that much. Which, that was probably normal. Why would a girl like Annabeth want to be seen talking to a guy like Percy? A guy that wore black band t-shirts and skinny jeans with beat up converse? They didn't even remotely fall into the same universe, but Percy didn't blame Annabeth for that. So what the hell was she doing in his bed? Last night, Jason had dragged Percy to a party that one of the guys on the football team was throwing. Jason had been really into this girl named Piper, and she had insisted that Jason come to the party. Since Percy was a great friend, he tagged along so Jason wouldn't look like a doofus. Of course, Jason owed Percy dinner now because he had hooked up with the girl and left him there by himself. After a few beers, Percy had ran into Annabeth and— oh. He vaguely remembered making out with her outside before she had asked him if his mom was home. Luck had been on his side because his mom had gone out of town for a meeting this weekend. When he told Annabeth that, she had smiled and pulled his keys out of his pocket, claiming that he had had too much to drink to drive them home. And… maybe there was something about pressing her up against the wall and kissing her until neither of them could breathe? Maybe he had rucked her skirt up around her hips, and maybe she had slid his zipper down and worked her hand into his jeans? And then— Percy couldn't help the grin that slipped onto his face. Yeah. Stuff from last night was coming back. Annabeth was a great kisser. But what was she going to say when she woke up? To Percy's knowledge, Annabeth had never been one to do impulsive things. She always walked the line, and she always looked great while she did it. How was she going to feel when she realized that she had just slept with someone like him? He decided to worry about it later. Right now, Annabeth was snoozing peacefully, and Percy hooked his arm around her waist and pressed his face in between her shoulder blades. She sighed happily, and Percy listened to her breathing until he drifted back to sleep. Ω When he woke up the next time, there was something tracing across his back. He slit his eyes open, but the only thing he could see was Annabeth's bare skin. After a few seconds he realized that she had turned around, and now his head was resting on her chest. His arm was still hanging around her waist. She had one of her arms around his back, tracing circles on his skin. Her other hand was in his hair, scratching his scalp with her fingers. "I know you're awake." Percy hummed and moved against her, shutting his eyes again. His arm tightened and she arched her back into him. He murmured, "Mmm. No I'm not." "Whatever." "How long do I get to stay right here and pretend that we don't need to talk about this?" He asked, rubbing his fingers in a circle just under the hollow of her hip. She hummed, "Five minutes." Percy laughed softly, and he pressed a kiss to her shoulder before he leaned up on his elbows to hover above her. Her makeup was a little smudged, but with her curls spread out across his pillows, she was as beautiful as ever. "Last night was fun," he said, brushing a strand of her hair out of her face. She grinned, "I must have worn you out by the way you were sleeping." He raised an eyebrow, "I would argue that it was the other way around." "I don't think it was, actually," she said. Percy pressed his lips to her neck, and she shuddered. Percy whispered, "Well I guess I'll just have to try again, won't I?" Ω After they climbed out of his bed that day, they pretended like it never happened. And it sucked. Annabeth still wore dresses and skirts to school, and every time that she walked past him, Percy stared. He stared at her long legs that could wrap around his waist when he was bent over her. He stared at the way her hips swung when she walked like she was doing it on purpose. His history grade started dropping because instead of listening he sat at the back of the class and stared at Annabeth, mentally undressing her every single goddamn day. One day around two weeks after that night after the party, Percy was sitting in his math class, drumming his fingers on his desk when Annabeth walked into the room. She looked him over once before she pranced over to the Mr. Patterson's desk and started a conversation. "Percy," Mr. Patterson called over the noise that the rest of the class was making. He motioned for Percy to come over there. He grabbed his stuff and threaded through the desks toward them. Annabeth was staring at him intently, but she was holding a steady conversation with Mr. Patterson. Today, Annabeth was wearing a light blue dress that was just long enough for dress code, but short enough to let Percy's mind wander. It came up around the back of her neck, but was cut into a low oval neckline. Even though she was wearing a pair of white heels, Percy still towered over her. She looked really pretty. "Yeah, Annabeth, just bring that list by tomorrow during my planning period if you don't mind. There are plenty of my students that need tutors," Mr. Patterson said. He nodded in Percy's direction. "See you tomorrow, Percy. Don't forget that your paper is due on Friday." He nodded, and Annabeth grabbed his arm and dragged him behind her and out of the door. Once they were out in the hallway, she let go of him. She didn't stop walking, but she didn't say anything either. Percy caught up to her and walked at her shoulder. He looked down at her and said, "Why did you pull me out of class?" She just glanced over at him, but when they passed a closed door, Annabeth grabbed his arm and pulled him inside. She shut the door quickly, locking it behind her. It was a small supply closet, and Percy was about to ask Annabeth what they were doing in here but— Annabeth went down on her knees in front of him, unbuckling his belt and shoving his jeans down off of his hips. She pushed his shirt up and pressed her lips to his stomach right above his boxers. "What—?" He started. He broke off with a moan after another few seconds. She looked up at him, and even though it was dark, Percy could see that her pupils were blown wide. She stood and jerked his lips down to hers. "This is a one-time thing, do you understand?" She murmured in between kisses. Percy nodded quickly, "Mmmhmm." Ω Their one-time thing turned into a three times a week thing. At least. Sometimes more, sometimes less depending on how convenient it was for them to meet up. They tried not to do it when they were at school, unless one of them was really desperate. And if that happened, then they would meet outside in either the back of his car or the backseat of her Honda. Most of the time they met up after school, either at Percy's house before his mom got home or at Annabeth's house after her dad left for work. Having sex with Annabeth was probably one of the best things that had ever happened to him. Of course, Percy hadn't been a virgin before Annabeth, and surely she hadn't either. Percy had never asked her specifically, but he just had a feeling. Still, there was just something about Annabeth that made Percy's life better. They still ignored each other at school so it's not like they were together or anything. Sure, she was nice enough to speak if the circumstances fell on them, but most of the time they just glanced away from each other. He didn't even have her phone number. Just her Snapchat so when one of them needed the other then they could meet up. He heard a pair of heels clicking down the hallway, and he buried his grin under a scowl. "Babe coming our way!" Percy scowled for real and hit Leo across the chest. Jason was snickering on Leo's other side, and Nico was drumming his hands against the lockers in the rhythm of their new song. They were leaning against their lockers, waiting for classes to start that morning. They normally stood here and scoped out the rest of the school in the morning before classes just to see what was going on. Not that they cared or anything. She was wearing a black skirt with a deep purple blouse and a scarf. Her hair was pulled back into a high ponytail, showing her neck. She must have put on a lot of makeup to cover up the hickeys that Percy had worked into her skin the night before. Her heels were green, and they looked really good with the outfit that she was wearing. Percy thought that it would look better on the floor next to his bed, but that was just him. She glanced over at him when she