A/N: This is a prompt written for pjowriters on tumblr. Make sure to go follow us for more awesome stories! I hope you enjoy this, and if you want to talk or leave me a request, stop by my tumblr or pjowriters. Thanks! Disclaimer: I don't own Percy Jackson and the Olympians or anything else that you may recognize. -2272015- Annabeth walked into the office, smiling tightly at the secretary behind the counter. It felt wrong. She felt like she shouldn't be able to make that expression anymore. It didn't seem fair. But she put on a brave face. She hadn't cried since she left the apartment. Her make-up was gone by now, but she had put more mascara on before she left to come to the school. She was walking confidently, even though her heart was pounding and her head was hurting and something inside her was broken and she felt like screaming and crying and— She took a deep breath. "Hannah," the secretary spoke softly. Annabeth had called before she left the apartment so the principal had already pulled her out of class. "Your sister is here." Okay, so that wasn't necessarily true, but it might as well have been. Hannah was actually Percy's little sister, but Annabeth had basically grown up with his family. She had been with him for as long as she could remember, and she could even remember sitting at the hospital with Percy when Hannah was born. Of course, Hannah knew that Annabeth wasn't really her sister, but it was just easier to tell people that. It always amazed people that Annabeth had managed to stay with a guy that she had been best friends with since preschool. And "brother's permanent girlfriend" didn't have the same ring to it, she guessed. "Hi, Annabeth!" Hannah said, hoping up from the chair. Annabeth pasted a smile on her face and reached down for her hand. Hannah was only nine years old, but she was just as brave as Percy was. Her chest tightened again. She fought it away. "Where are we going?" Hannah asked as they made their way down the hall and back out to the car. Annabeth squeezed her hand gently, "Back to my house. Percy is waiting on us there." "Oh, okay," Hannah said before launching into a story about something that had happened in class earlier. Annabeth made sure to listen and speak at the right times, but her heart wouldn't stop hurting and her head was pounding. Ω Hannah had cried herself to sleep. Annabeth had put her on the couch and covered her with a blanket before moving back to the kitchen. She slipped her arms around Percy's middle and held on tight. He was leaning against the counter, clutching it tightly in his hands until his knuckles were white. He was still drawing in shaky breaths, but they were getting more even as she held him. She laid her head on his back and closed her eyes, blinking her own tears away. "I keep forgetting that they were like your parents too," Percy said suddenly. His voice was rough, and it vibrated low in his chest. Her throat was tight, "Yeah, but that's okay." "No, it's not, Annabeth. None of this is okay." She squeezed him harder for a second before she slipped around him, wedging herself between his body and the counter. She pulled his head up so he had to look at her. His green eyes were rimmed with red, and she didn't like the sad look there. "Annabeth," he whispered gravelly. "What are we going to do?" His eyes flickered past her and towards the living room, and she knew what he was talking about immediately. She buried her hand in his hair and pushed closer to him. "Well, I'm going to clean out my study tonight, and I'm also going to go get some of Hannah's stuff while you cook dinner. Later this week we'll move all of her things over here." "Annabeth—" "Percy," she stopped him. "We're not letting her grow up somewhere else. I know that we're young, and I know that it will be hard, but we'll do it. I'm almost finished with school, and you're already working. We're going to be fine." He was staring at her, and instead of saying anything, he nodded. Annabeth pulled him closer, holding him. His voice was thick when he said, "I love you." "I love you, too." Ω Two days ago, Sally and Paul Blofis had been on their way home from dropping Hannah off at school. They normally just had Sally take her, but Paul had been off from work, and he had tagged along. They had been driving down the freeway when they had hit a patch of ice and slid down a ravine. Neither of them made it. The police told them that it was quick. It was weird. Annabeth had just talked to Sally on the phone that morning. And then barely three hours later she was getting a call from a police station, telling her that they needed to see her and Percy right away. Their funerals had been today. But Sally and Paul had their attorney ready with everything planned out already. Annabeth had never been more grateful for anything in her entire life. It was like Sally had known what they would have trouble with, and she had taken care of it for them. Just like always. Well. Now, they were at home. They were all exhausted, and instead of cooking anything, they had ordered pizza from Hannah's favorite place. But really, none of them were hungry. Annabeth had stashed an almost full box of pizza in the fridge for later. Percy was in the shower right now, and Annabeth and Hannah were curled up on the couch. Hannah was in Annabeth's lap, and she was already asleep, snoring and drooling against her just like Percy did every night. When Annabeth gently shifted to turn the television off, Hannah woke up. "Annabeth?" She said. "Yeah, Hannah?" She asked. "I want Mommy." Annabeth's eyes watered again, but she bit her lip hard to get the tears away. She nodded, "I know. I do too." "Why did she leave us?" Hannah cried, gripping Annabeth's hands harder. "She didn't," she said desperately. Her own voice was watery, and Annabeth fought hard to keep it under control. "She didn't want to leave us, but she had too. Percy and I are here. I'm right here." Hannah kept crying until she started sniffling again. "Do you want to sleep in my bed with me and Percy?" Annabeth asked. Hannah nodded. Annabeth gathered Hannah into her arms and stood up carefully, turning off the lights and walking down the hall to her bedroom. The lights were off in the room, but Annabeth could see the bathroom light peeking out from under the door. She tucked Hannah into her bed and crawled in behind her, hugging her tightly and trying to get the both of them to stop shaking. A few minutes later, Annabeth heard the bathroom door open. Percy shuffled around the room for a second before he crawled into their bed behind her. He slipped his arm over Annabeth and Hannah both, pulling them close. Hannah drifted off to sleep in Annabeth's arms, and Percy was snoring into the crook of her neck before too long. Ω Annabeth was the only one that had been to Sally and Paul's apartment since the accident. She knew that Percy and Hannah were still dangerously close to crying every time that they thought about it, so she had been trying to keep them from that for as long as she could. The first time that she walked through the door and smelled the faint cookies, she collapsed onto the floor, holding her head in her hands and clutching her throat while she cried. It was a bit better the second time. She actually made it through the whole apartment before her eyes watered, and even then she managed to grab some of Hannah's clothes and a few toys and get back outside in the cold air before the tears dripped down her face. This time was a little bit worse. She was packing up some of their stuff. She had already finished gathering all of Hannah's, and a few of their friends had helped her move everything into their apartment while Percy and Hannah chilled somewhere else today. She had talked to Percy about it, and even though he wanted to help, they had both decided that it wasn't a good idea yet. He needed to spend time with Hannah right now. She could handle most of this stuff, and if she came across something important, she could call him. So far, she had been able to handle most of the legal stuff too. Percy had to sign some papers over the past few days, but Annabeth had been able to meet with the lawyer and everything else. Percy and Hannah were dividing everything down the middle, so all of the money from their savings and the insurance had been put into two accounts. One was Percy's, and the other was a fund for Hannah, which she would get when she turned eighteen. It was probably enough to pay for her college, and Annabeth planned to add more to it as the years went on. Okay, she wasn't going to lie. This whole thing was freaking her out. She knew that she and Percy were both too young to be like parents (god, they were barely twenty-five), but Annabeth didn't want Hannah to have to go live with some distant relative on Paul's side of the family. And what would Hannah think of that? Annabeth grew up in a broken home, and the last thing that she wanted was for Hannah to have to feel the same way. No. Hannah was going to be loved and have a home with them. She didn't care what it took. She would make it happen. Annabeth knew that Percy was relieved that she thought that. She knew that he was afraid of where Hannah would have to go if she didn't stay with them. With some of the money that Sally and Paul had left them, Annabeth had rented a storage locker in the city. She figured that she could box up everything now, and then when Hannah was older and ready to move out, they could go back through it and decide what to keep in case she wanted any of it. After she finished getting Hannah's room back at their apartment, she had headed back to Sally and Paul's. She had already packed up their bedroom and the living room, and she had just started in Sally's office when her phone rang. "Hello?" She answered. Her voice wobbled unsteadily. She hadn't realized that she had been crying. There was a slight pause before Percy said, "Annabeth?" "I'm here," she said, forcing her voice to steady. "What's up?" "Are you crying?" She gripped the edge of the desk with her other hand. Her eyes were watering again, but she said, "No. I'm fine. Is something wrong? Do you need me?" "No, but it's already five-thirty," he said. "You said you were going to be back by five, and I was getting worried." "Oh," she breathed into the phone, glancing down at her watch. She had been so wrapped up in her own thoughts she had totally ignored the time. "I'm so sorry, Percy. I'm on my way." "Okay, but if you're in the middle of something, it's fine. I just wanted to make sure that you were okay," he said. She sighed, "Yeah, I'm okay. Just a little tired." "Me too," Percy breathed. "Is Hannah okay?" She asked. "I think so. We went to the park and took a walk, and then we picked up a pizza and a new movie," he said. "We were going