A/N: This fic was written for the pjohoominibang on tumblr, and you guys should go check out all of the other incredible pieces that were made for this event. Also nychie on tumblr made the beautiful art that goes with this fic, so you should check that out as well. The title is from All Star by Smash Mouth. -172016- Annabeth knows that something is wrong as soon as Percy sits down at the table. For one thing, his hands are shaking. His jaw is clenched tight. His knee is bobbing up and down, and he keeps fidgeting and running his hand through his hair every few seconds. The cafeteria is loud, and all of the tables around them are full. It's their second semester of senior year, so everything is crazy. Sports are in full swing, and most of the students in their class are trying to pull their grades up for college scholarships. Annabeth isn't really worrying about it because she has already sent all of her applications out. She's hoping to get accepted into Columbia for Architecture, even though is it a few hours away from home. Percy takes a deep breath suddenly, and Annabeth frowns, opening her mouth to ask him what's wrong. Before she can, Jason slams his fist down onto the table, and Percy jumps, jerking his eyes up to the rest of their friends who are all staring at him. "Okay, Percy, what's wrong?" Jason asks, sighing and turning away from Piper to face him. Jason and Percy have been friends for as long as Annabeth and Percy have, and the three of them have been friends since elementary school. Percy scowls, his eyebrows bunching together and his face darkening. "Nothing." Annabeth rolls her eyes next, "Then why are you fidgeting so much? You look like you're about to throw up." After a few seconds, his scowl melts away, and his shoulders slump. When he looks up, he has a really terrified expression on his face. "So we all remember that I did okay at the state tournament last year, right?" Percy says. His voice is quiet, and he isn't meeting any of their gazes, instead keeping his eyes fixated on his sandwich that his mom probably made for his lunch. Jason and Annabeth both scoff. Jason says, "You came in second place to a senior, you idiot. You did great." Percy shrugs, "Okay. Well, I just had a meeting with Coach." "And?" Annabeth asks. Percy sighs again and hangs his head, "All of the sports papers in the state are projecting me to win State this year. Me." "Percy, that's great!" Hazel exclaims from a few seats down the table. She was never one to hold her excitement. Annabeth smiles gratefully at her encouragement because god, Percy really needs it. Annabeth has no clue why he's like this. She doesn't understand why he thinks that he's just another guy on the swim team when in reality, he's the best swimmer that they have at their school. And really, Annabeth isn't surprised that everyone is expecting him to win. He probably is the best swimmer in the state. They've been best friends since they were little. Percy and Annabeth met on the playground one day in the third grade, and they had been together ever since. After Annabeth's mom left, she and her dad moved into a house at the other end of Percy's neighborhood, which was actually really great because Annabeth doesn't know what she would have done if she hadn't been in walking distance of Sally and Percy. It's—it feels like they're her family more than her dad is sometimes. "No, it's not," Percy says, snapping Annabeth back to the lunch table. "Everybody is expecting me to win, and Coach is looking at me like—" He stops talking all of a sudden before he looks up at the rest of them. He shakes his head and smiles, but it looks fake. Annabeth can tell that it doesn't reach his eyes. He says, "Just forget it, guys. I'll be fine." They all start protesting at once, but Jason just stares Percy down. He snaps a few seconds later. He mumbles, "There are five scouts coming to my first swim meet." "Percy!" Jason shouts, disrupting the whole lunchroom. Several people look over at their table curiously, but Leo makes a scathing comment that has their peers blushing and turning away. "Percy, that's incredible." "No, it's not! It's awful!" "Why is it awful?" Jason challenges. "Because I'm nowhere near ready!" Percy says, dropping his head toward the table. Annabeth reaches forward and pulls his lunch out of the way before his forehead connects with the flat surface. "I'm going to look awful. I wish that he hadn't told me. I wish that they weren't coming. I wish—" "Percy," Jason warns. His voice is low, and he bends down lower so he could speak directly to him. "Everything is going to be fine. You're going to eat your lunch. You're going to let Annabeth walk you to your next class. You're going to go to practice, and you're going to kick ass today. Then, when you get home, you're going to get back on that shitty workout thing that you do during swim season. There's no better time like the present to start. And then you're going to meet us at Pollo's for study group at 5:30. Do you understand?" Annabeth watches as Percy blinks up at Jason. The worry practically melts off of his face while he listens to him. Percy nods and leans back up, taking a long drink of his water. "Thanks, man," Percy breathes. "I don't know what I would do without you." Jason rolls his eyes, "Drown probably." The rest of the table laughs, and Annabeth can feel the tension dissolve. They have all been worried about Percy for the past few days because he's been stressing over college and applications and—when Percy stresses, he internalizes it, and it eats away at him and Annabeth can't stand to see that look in his eyes. Annabeth sends Percy a small smile over the table as Leo launches into a story about his mechanic class earlier, and Percy grins back at her. Ω "Annabeth!" She turns to see Percy running toward her, weaving through a few cars and waving to some of his friends when he sees them. He catches her gaze, smiles, and continues to jog toward her car where she is waiting. "Hi," she greets, tossing her backpack into the backseat of her car. "Hey," he breathes, leaning against the car. His hair is damp, sticking up in several different places from where he has just dragged himself out of the pool. "Can you do me a favor?" She nods, humming to herself and reaching up to brush her fingers through his hair to straighten it. He grins crookedly, and Annabeth smiles too. He says, "I need you to take my math stuff with you tonight to Pollo's, if that's alright?" Annabeth nods again and reaches out, taking his books from his hands when he offers them. "Why? I thought I was picking you up?" He shakes his head, "I've got workouts, so I'm just going to meet you there." "Okay," she drops his books down into the car beside her backpack. "I'll see you there." He's already turning away, running back toward the gym as he waves and shouts, "Alright, Annabeth! Be careful!" She laughs to herself before she gets in the car and drives home. Ω Annabeth parks her car a block away from Pollo's and walks, tightening her jacket around her to block out the wind. The sun is just barely setting now, but by the time they finishing "studying" it will be completely dark. Their group normally meets three or four times a week at the little Mexican restaurant to study and do homework together. Leo knows the owner pretty well, so they always get to hang at a table up front by the window and eat cheese dip until they are ready to leave. It's really fun. She walks into the restaurant and spots Piper, Jason, Hazel, and Leo already at their table. Nico isn't here, but sometimes he doesn't show up for study sessions. Annabeth grabs the chair across from Piper and falls down into her seat, shrugging out of her jacket all at the same time. She smiles at her friends and digs in her backpack until she pulls out her English paper and Percy's math book. "Where's Percy?" Jason asks with a frown, glancing down at his stuff. Annabeth blinks up at him, "He told me he had workouts and that he was meeting us here." "That's weird," Jason mutters. His attention shifts back to Piper in the next second, asking her to help him draw a bicycle for an art project, so Annabeth isn't too worried. Jason and Piper aren't dating, but they are getting close. Of course, it's a high school cliché that the quarterback for the football team and the head cheerleader are best friends and together, but Jason and Piper are literally perfect for each other. Annabeth actually has a bet with Percy and Leo to see how long it will take them to get together. She is editing her paper and rewriting over the draft when she hears Leo say, "Well, that's where Percy is." She turns around so she can see out of the window, and sure enough, Percy is sprinting down the other side of the street. Even though it is early February, he's missing his shirt. Annabeth assumes that he has a jacket tied around his waist. She rolls her eyes, "He's going to get sick if he keeps running like that." Before anybody says anything else, Percy jogs to a stop in front of the window. He looks inside and smiles at them, motioning that he will be inside in a second. He's obviously out of breath, and he takes a few steps away so he can stretch. Before long he is doubled over with his hands on his knees, but he stands back up before Annabeth gets too worried. Percy unties his hoodie from around his waist and pulls it over his head. Annabeth watches his muscles shift as he moves his arms up, and she really needs to stop thinking about him like this. And it's not that she likes him like that. Except she does, and she refuses to acknowledge it. She's Percy's best friend. Nothing more. "Hey, guys," Percy breathes as he walks inside. He grabs the seat next to Annabeth and falls down into it. He's still drawing in deep breaths through his nose, and his hair is damp with sweat. "Where did you run from?" Jason asks, shifting his gaze to Percy again. "Home," he says, leaning his head down on his hands. "And if you're wondering… it's at least five miles." "How do you know?" Leo asks, throwing a chip at Piper and Hazel. "Well it took me about thirty minutes to get down here, and it usually takes me about six minutes to run one mile, so I just kind of guessed," he says. "Next time I'll get one of those things on my phone. What are they called?" "Pedometers," Annabeth says immediately, pretending that she just looked up from her essay to answer his question. She's not sure if he falls for it. Percy grins at her, "Yeah. We should get me one of those." "So that's all you did?" Jason asks. "Run five miles?" Percy rolls his eyes and looks down at the table. Annabeth recognizes his bashful look, and she can see the blush crawling up his neck. It could be from his run, but Annabeth really doubts it. He says, "No. I did some push-ups and stuff." "How many?" Jason says. "Why are you so interested?" Percy shoots back. His tone is sort of playful, but Annabeth can hear the real