Dedicated to ARFalcon: amazing editor, fantastic friend. Also to Fairusa84 for her dedication to Fandom for Philippines. Thank you for all those who took the time to help those in the Philippines. This is the sequel to the o/s "Peppermint Mocha." You will need to read that story first before this one. -O-O-O- Spring break was usually the time that every teenager or college student planned a trip far away from home to play in some tropical heated Mecca. Most of my fellow seniors at my local high school had made such plans and excitedly talked my ear off for the weeks leading up to the mini vacation. A few of them begged me to come with them, but I had other plans… Yup, I was making a few extra bucks doing full-time work at Newton's Department Store. Masochistic of me? Not one bit. It was the beginning of the spring menu at the Coffee Nook. I had my priorities on straight. Garrett always welcomed the Spring with some amazing iced teas and baked goods, but this time, Edward would be in town to help announce a few special items. Items that he refused to reveal to me until the first weekend of the break. I though he understood never, ever to tease me about food. Apparently he needed another reminder on that front. He was home this weekend and I planned to get it out of him before the launch so I could taste test his menu. I mean, I was his future wife and that allowed me special privileges, right? Right? Anyway, he was supposed to help one of our elderly neighbors down the street Friday afternoon. I planned to ambush him in some form to try to make him see reason. My taste buds were already salivating over the thoughts of what the new menu could be…but wait, he mentioned something about his special lemonade during Winter break. Maybe that was it. Maybe that was the mystery food that he was withholding from me. Well, he could think again… -O-O-O- After school got out for break, I dropped my things off at the house and changed into something a little more comfortable AKA revealing. AKA, Plan "get Edward to talk outfit." Esme, his Mom, said that he would be five houses over, mowing the lawn for Mrs. Pruette. I was expected to have dinner with Edward's family that evening and was supposed to catch a ride over after he finished. Of course no time was set, so that left plenty of time to convince Edward. I heard the high-pitched sound of the mower as I made my way down the street. Trees were blocking my view of Mrs. Pruette's yard until I was a few steps away and then all thoughts of my plan deteriorated. Edward's back was to me. His very naked back that is. It was covered in a thin layer of sweat with his plaid shirt wrapped around his waist and jeans molding his long legs. Huh! All thoughts of my plans went straight out the door as I watched the muscles on his back do that very male dance of bunching and then releasing. His arms were taunt, showing off a fine display of muscles. The shoulders were wide and curved into plains of perfection. His spine dived down into hips that rode slightly above his pants line. His walk was pure Edward swagger. And then he turned… Oh Dear Lord My mocha-making man was even more glorious in the front! I was pretty sure that drool was leaking out of the side of my mouth and creating Lake Erie at my feet. I couldn't even describe what was happening between my legs, but she was in solidarity with the rest of my body, even giving a fist-pump in approval. When school was completely finished and I had a career going, I was going to have this man's babies. Plural! Meaning multiple. Meaning lots of Edwards and Bellas running around. Meaning lots of naked time spent with Edward! Oh yes! Multiple orgas- "Hey!" I was shaken out of my daydreams when Edward spotted me. He stopped the roar of the mower and walked over to me with a wide smile on his face. He wrapped his arm around my waist and pulled me to him for a kiss in greeting. The smell of his sweat combined with his mouth had my knees feeling like molasses. He tasted like lemon and sugar with a dash of all man. When he released me, he pushed my hair back from my face and let his eyes roam over my body. His sincere smile turned slightly wicked as he looked over my outfit. "A present for me?" He asked. "We're having babies." "WHAT?" Edward pulled back in shock, just as I realized that I had spoken my thoughts aloud, again. "No! I'm sorry! I was thinking and talking at the same time!" He visibly relaxed and pulled me into his arms for another cuddle, where I could feel all those lovely muscles up close. He mumbled something about my talking without thinking would be the death of him into my hair. Edward kissed the top of my head before he looked down at me with that wicked smirk again. "So…this outfit," he said, as he started to move his hand down the center of my chest towards my uncovered navel. As he reached it, he swirled the tip of a finger around it, unleashing a loud purr from me. Who was seducing whom? "You know, the parents are going out tonight." "What about dinner?" I asked dumbly, barely able to focus on anything except the feeling of his fingers on my skin. "Still having dinner, then I thought for dessert we'd have a try of…" "Huh?" His body vibrated with his laughter as he gave me a small shake and brought us nose to nose. "Bella, I've been talking about food and you blanked out on me. What's going on in that head of yours?" My head? Nothing. Between my legs? Everything! "I'm sorry. I'm just…so, dinner and dessert? I'd love to!" I said trying to get back on some sort of normal footing. Edward shook his head at me, smirking. "You didn't hear a word I said, did you?" "Ah, not really." He pulled me closer to place a sweet kiss on my forehead, before releasing me and walking backwards towards the lawnmower. "Give me twenty minutes to finish this and I'll come for you. You're distracting me from my good deed!" I was distracting him? He was the half-naked one! "Bel-la," he sang to me as he was leaning over the mower to turn it back on. "Twenty minutes…" "Okay," I replied, taking a step back, not wanting to take my eyes off my future husband. "And, Bella? Don't change your clothes. I have plans for you in that outfit." -O-O-O-O- I waited, but not very patiently. I had thought of taking matters into my own hands to relive some of the tension, but I really wanted Edward's hands to take care of me. Those lovely, lovely hands… …as they pumped the chocolate and peppermint into a cup, and then took the copper pot to prepare the milk. Oh yes… The way that he gently turned the pot to make sure the milk was of even temperature all the way through, talking to it tenderly, asking for the foam to behave as he coaxed it to lay still… Umm… With gentle motions he continued to swish the pot with even pressure, then poured it smoothly into the waiting cup of coffee, chocolate, and peppermint. He sighed as he brought forth the right amount of steam from it, releasing the softest of mocha scents. More… Never releasing the cup, he replaced the pot with the whipped cream. With a quick twist of wrist he lowered the nozzle into the dark chocolate liquid and smoothly built the cream to a peak. He reached over to softly touch the delicate tip to drive it up into a taller height… Yes, yes, YES! "HONK!" Dammit, dammit, dammit! The blast of Edward's car horn dropped me harshly back into reality just as I was getting to the good part of my daydream. I quickly snatched my hand from inside my undies, feeling cranky that I wasn't going to get any sort of relief. Bastard fantasy-blocking boyfriend and his twenty minutes of wait time! I'd better get some answers out of him tonight! -O-O-O-O- I had raced out to car after a quick check in the mirror to be sure that any display of what I had be doing wasn't visible to all, only to find that Edward had put his shirt back on. The unsatisfied part of me, strike that, all of me, nearly growled in frustration from the last forty minutes or so of being tantalized and then denied relief. It was probably a good move on Edward's part as I didn't want the public to see me straddle him as we drove down the road. Or end up in a car accident with me in such a position. I'd hate to have to tell the police officer, most likely my dad, the cause for the accident. I don't think "I'm sorry officer, I was horny" would go over well as the reason. Then I would be grounded and denied the Spring menu at the Coffee Nook. Edward smirked from behind his aviator sunglasses as if to say: "I know what you've been doing." "Missed me?" he asked, the smirk going wider as he rested his arm along the back of my seat, waiting for me to roll into his embrace. "Desperately," I replied, snuggling into his side for a moment before we took off for his house. "So, Edward, about the new Spring menu…" "Oh, no, Bella. I'm not supposed to show you anything," Edward wagged a finger at me. A whine made its way out of my throat as I turned to him, placing a hand on his upper thigh, squeezing it. He practically jumped in his seat from the contact, and swerved a little before he removed my hand. "Bella, I need to get us to the house in one piece!" "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to!" "It's okay," he laughed and patted my leg as he saw that I was genuinely upset. "I can't show you the menu, Bella. Uncle Garrett made me promise." "Evil!" He laughed again. At me. Bastard Spring menu- withholding, boyfriend. -O-O-O- Carlisle's car was still in the front of the house when we arrived. I looked down at myself feeling the slightest bit self-conscious about my outfit. It was meant to seduce a few answers out of Edward, but it wouldn't do in front of his parents. After telling him that bit of info, he shrugged his shoulders and laughed as his eyes roamed my body. I saw red and chased him into the house, catching him as we reached the kitchen, only to stop short as I saw Carlisle and Esme watching us in amusement. Remembering my lack of dress code, I hid behind Edward, and peeked out from behind his now guffawing body. "Um, hi, Mr. and Mrs. Cullen!" "Hello, Bella. What have you done to my son?" Carlisle smiled, ready to share the joke. "No idea, just Edward being Edward," I said with as nonchalant a shrug as I could, while trying to stay covered by the island in the middle of the kitchen and my boyfriend's body. The Cullen parentals looked at me for a heartbeat, before they did their own shrug of indifference. "Edward, Bella, dinner is in the fridge, ready to be warmed up. We'll be back late," Esme said as she came around the island to give her son as kiss on the cheek. As she turned to me, she said nothing as she took in my outfit, but I knew that she