The first time he saw him, he was intrigued. Albus Potter had just begun his summer job at the local coffee shop, the store opened at 5:30, and since he had desperately needed money, he decided to take the first shift. He had always been a morning person, so the shift was perfect. He was quite happy that his cousin Rose was also working at the same shop, on the same shift, so he could have some guidance before he burned the shop down. As soon as the store opened, a young man about the age of 16, the same age as Albus, walked in looking flawlessly put together. Albus was very confused. This guy managed to look perfect before he had gotten his coffee. Even Albus, (who could manage to wake up at four am with no sweat most times), needed his coffee before he could function properly. So naturally, Albus wanted to know how he did it. "Hello, welcome to Florean Fortescue's coffee shop! What can I get you?" Albus asked, ever the face of business. "Hi, can I just have a cup of black tea?" The boy asked as he walked up to the counter. "Of course, but this is a coffee shop, why are you drinking tea?" Albus asked, even more, shocked. "I'm actually not a coffee guy, but I work next door, so I decided to see what is going on here. Also you're quite cute." He said, adding the last bit offhandedly. Albus started blushing immensely, this boy was was quite cute himself. "What name should I put it under?" He asked innocently, hiding his blush. "Scorpius. S-c-o-r-p-i-u-s." He replied, spelling out his name. "My name is always spelled wrong, and now whenever I'm asked that I am forced to spell it out." "You're named after the constellation, right?" Albus asked, writing the name on the cup, and moving to make his drink. "Wow, you're the first person that realized that. But yes, I am named after the constellation Scorpius. It has been a tradition within my family to name their children after stars, by the way, you didn't tell me your name." Scorpius smirked. "My name is weird too. I'm Albus, it's not as cool as yours. I'm named after my dad's teacher or something." Albus finished making the tea and handed the cup to Scorpius. "It's almost six. You should probably get going. You said you worked next door?" "Yeah, at the bookstore, Flourish and Blotts. We should meet up for lunch sometime!" Scorpius exclaimed, adding milk and sugar to the tea. "See you soon!" \\\\\\ Scorpius walked out the coffee shop, a little bit stunned at what he had just done. He didn't think he could have ever been so smooth. Well, now he knew the cute boy who worked next door's name, so he hadn't come out there with much loss. He looked at the cup more closely. Written under his name, (spelled perfectly), was a phone number. Knowing that it was probably Albus' he added the number to his contacts before he threw away the cup. He walked into the bookstore and quickly set up for work. An hour had passed when a red-haired girl walked in. Scorpius recognized the girl from the coffee shop, she was standing in the back as he was talking to Albus. She picked out a book on the shelf and walked over to Scorpius, who was manning the cashier. They exchanged a bit of small talk and gave each other quite a number of book recommendations, and the girl (who he had found out was called Rose), ended up buying three books. After Rose left, there was no one in the store. Not seeing anything to do, he decided to text Albus. Hi! It's Scorpius. Albus replied almost immediately. Aren't you working? The store is slow, why are you not working? My cousin is in charge now, I have a little break. Cousin? The red haired girl who was laughing in the back of the store when I was talking to you. I think she went into your store a few minutes ago. Oh, you mean Rose? She told you her name!? Albus left, probably to go yell at Rose, (but for what, Scorpius had no idea,) and soon the store was filled again. He didn't get a chance to talk to Albus until his shift was over, which just happened to be before lunch. He knew for a fact that Albus' shift was ending a few minutes after his, Rose just happened to tell him in their earlier conversation. Albus was cleaning up the counter and wiping down tables when he walked in. The door jingled and Albus looked up. Scorpius saw Rose laughing at the now blushing Albus, and waved at her. She waved back and motioned for him to go over to Albus. Obeying Rose, he did. "Hi, your shift is over in a few, correct?" Scorpius questioned, walking behind Albus. Albus, who was wiping down a table, replied. "Yeah, but how do you know this? I don't remember telling you anything." "When Rose came into the bookstore earlier, she told me. You want to go get lunch?" He asked. "Sure, okay, when I'm done here we can head out," Albus said with a smile. "Rose, would you want to come with?" Scorpius yelled at Rose who was cleaning the counter. Scorpius didn't notice this, but behind him, Albus shook his head wildly. Noticing Albus, Rose smirked and politely declined. "It would be nice, but I've already made plans. Thanks for inviting me, though!" / Their lunch was nothing special, though Albus would have liked it to be a little longer, but it was nice while it lasted. They had parted ways after they finished lunch since Scorpius had a thing to do after. Now, Albus was on his way to meet up with Rose, so they could get home. As soon as Rose saw him, he could see a devious look forming on her face. "So, how was your date," She sang into his ear. "Rose," Albus started, exasperated. "It wasn't a date, it was just two friends going out for lunch." "That's what they all say." She exclaimed, a triumphant grin on her face. "Rose!" He groaned, chasing after her as she ran down the few streets that led to their neighborhood. When they reached Albus' house, she shot Albus a smirk and ran in, Albus chasing after her. "Guess what!" She exclaimed. "What?" Albus' older brother James asked as he came down the stairs. "Albus has a boyfriend!" Rose sang loudly. It was a commonly known fact in the Potter household that Albus was not interested in girls. "No, I don't! Shut up!" Albus yelped. "What is this I hear about Albus having a boyfriend?" Albus' younger sister Lily came down the stairs hearing the commotion. "I don't have a boyfriend! I've repeated this about 10 times now!" Albus yelled. "To be exact, you only said that two times," James assured. They had somehow moved into the living room, so Albus grabbed the nearest thing, which happened to be a pillow, and threw it at James. "Albus, don't throw things at your brother, and Lily and James stop antagonizing Albus. Now, what's this I hear about Albus having a boyfriend?" Albus' mom, Ginny had walked into the room. "Mum! I do not have a boyfriend!" Albus protested. "But you want him to be, yes?" Rose boasted. "Um," Albus hesitated for a moment. "No?" "There was a hesitation! That means yes!" Lily sang gleefully. "Now, what is this boy's name," Ginny asked. "Scorpius," Albus mumbled. "Oh so like the constellation? That's a nice name." James remarked offhandedly. Albus threw another pillow at James. "What?" He protested, catching the pillow as it flew towards him. "Why must you know everything?" Albus groaned. "Because you're obsessed with stars so I know these things," James smirked. "As much as I am enjoying this conversation, I really should be going, so Albus if you need me, I'll be next door as usual," Rose said, standing up so she could leave. "Yeah okay Rose, bye! I would say see you tomorrow but I'll probably end up seeing you later anyway." Albus remarked, showing Rose out. On that note, the Potter family broke up to their respective rooms, (and in Ginny's case, the kitchen). As soon as Albus stepped into his room, his phone gave a distinctive buzz. He opened it up immediately, and as he hoped, there was a new text from Scorpius. Hi! Hi! How do you always have such perfect timing? What do you mean? I just got out of an awkward "family" talk thanks to Rose About what? Albus hesitated, and almost ignored Scorpius' text. Hello? It was about you being my boyfriend which is totally not true haha Why would they think that? Rose is relentless Anyway, what is your last name again I don't think I caught it? Potter, wby? There was a hesitation, coming from Scorpius' end this time. Scorpius? Um, well this is awkward… My last name is Malfoy and I think our dads were like enemies in high school or something… Oh Yeah But we're not our fathers, right? True! Friends? Always. / They talked about mindless things for another hour until they both had to leave for dinner. Soon after they had finished eating, James decided to break the silence. "Hey Al, you want to tell dad about your new boyfriend?" He snickered. "Al, what is this about a boyfriend?" Albus' dad, Harry, inquired. "James! He isn't my boyfriend!" Albus yelped. "Well fine, you want to tell dad about your new friend?" James snorted, his fingers to make air quotes around "your new friend". Albus suddenly looked down shyly. "No, not really," he mumbled. "Okay fine, if you won't, I will," James smirked. "Rose told me all this, so I'm not 100% sure if it's all correct, but here is the gist of it; a blonde haired boy came into the coffee shop today and Albus here was all shy and blushing, and get this, he wrote his phone number on the boy's coffee cup! And according to Rose, he wouldn't stop checking his phone." He smiled innocently. "It seems our Albus here has found someone he'd like to date!" Albus wanted to hide under the table. "Shut up." He muttered, kicking James under the table. "It's true! Also according to Rose, he's quite hot!" Lily chirped happily. Albus decided that the next time he saw Rose he was going to strangle her. "James, Lily, stop terrorizing your brother. If Albus wants to tell me about him, he can most certainly do it himself." Harry chastised. "Can I please just be excused?" Albus asked sinking lower and lower in his seat. "Of course Albus," Harry said kindly. Albus quietly slipped away and ran up the stairs towards his room. He could hear James and Lily's groans and exclamations, but all he wanted to do was get out of the pressing situation he was in. Laying on his bed, he opened a new text from Scorpius. / Hey, got away from dinner yet? Okay, I guess not. Text me when you do! Hi just escaped Ouch. That awkward? Yup Basically this afternoon but Well, I'm happy that I don't have slings… You're very lucky you should be glad that your family is so small A few days from now Rose's family is coming over and I will probably have to sit through this again Maybe I should come over and save you ;) Sure why not ¯\_( ツ )_/¯ I was joking! So you don't want to come? ...will your family let me… *cough* Last name *cough * Well they probably already know, who else has a name like Scorpius, and they already think we're dating so they can deal with it Um, okay I'll think about it Yay Anyway, it's almost midnight, I should