Chris Rock once said that if you walking through the streets of Brooklyn and you see one white boy walking with a group of black guys, it's the white boy you should be afraid of cause "there aint no telling what he did to get the respect of those black dudes". He was right, and I was that one lone white boy, the muscle, the assassin, the one who's on the grind, putting in work. My crew respected me, my rivals feared me, women wanted me, but none of that shit mattered. All I saw was the money, the respect, and the street cred. I could have been a trust fund baby, the preppy motherfucker that went to the ritzy private school, the son of a top-notch, sought after surgeon and the cliché suburban soccer mom. I never fit in with that shit. Even though my mom and dad nor my siblings had any idea what I was up to, they loved me and wanted me back in the quiet cozy gated community with them. I always knew that I was too raw and too hardcore for that shit. In my time, I had moved more weight through New York, New Jersey and Florida than anyone else on our team. My supplier Caius had been after me for months to get wet, to move on to bigger and better things, leave the street-level "gang banging savagery" as he called it, but I was too hood for that three piece suit organized crime shit. I was right where I wanted to be, "number one hustla". I was married to the streets. Who would have ever thought the little white boy from Manchester would be one of the most feared motherfuckers out there? My appearance fooled most, I was six foot five inches, two hundred and ninety six pounds of muscle, sparkling blue eyes that drove most of the bitches that were addicted to my dick crazy, but it was usually the dimples that did them in. That was what threw most people off; they saw me and immediately assumed I was soft, but I would grab a motherfucker by the collar quick. I always kept my desert eagle cocked, one in the chamber. I didn't tolerate bullshit or disrespect, and I would pump a bitch full of lead without blinking. The problem is, for so long I had only lived in the moment, never gave a thought to the future, but I didn't know the future was gonna sneak up on my ass quick. Before I knew what the fuck was happening, shit changed so fast I wasn't able to keep up. A storm was coming, and if I wasn't on my game that shit was going to fucking drown my ass. Shit, I was Emmett "Sleepy" McCarty. The storm started about six months ago. I got wake up call from my mother, asking me if I was coming over for dinner on Sunday. I knew I had a shipment coming in so I cancelled, telling her I had studying to do. She and my father still thought I was going to school. (Fuck that, I had dropped out months ago!) I was good at school, didn't put have to put in any effort, but I just had better shit to do. I had, after all, gotten a full-ride scholarship to Syracuse. My father thought I would eventually be a surgeon like him, highly unlikely. As soon as I hung up, my cell immediately started ringing. I knew it was Caius, asking me to make the drive out to the suburbs to meet with some of his associates. He had taken note of my street smarts, along with the business sense; he said I was a lethal weapon, that he would move hell and earth to get me on his team. "Emmett, what's up? How are you feeling today?" he drawled. "Gravy, baby, what up Caius?" I said not in the mood for small talk. "Wanna to come out to the estate and have some lunch with me? There are some people I would like you to meet," he said. "Nah man, I got mad shit to do today. Hey when you gonna bring yo ass to my hood, or them three piece suits make your ass forget how to be on the grind?" I said with a grin. "Don't forget who taught you about the game, man; you got your stripes because of me," he said with a chuckle. "Aiight, man. I'll give you that one, but I got mad shit to do today, so I'm gonna have to get up wit you lata," I said grabbing my two way, seeing I had seven texts waiting on me. "Aiight Em, man be safe, get at me later. I got something I wanna talk to you about," he said. "Yeah, okay I got you," I said ending the call. I took a shower, ate some cereal, and then walked into my closet. It was hot as shit today so I put on a tank top and some Ecko jean shorts. I was kinda snobbish about my clothes and my cars. Everything had to be a designer label, and I was kinda impartial to Ecko and Enyce. Oh, and throwback jerseys were a must! I had more shoes than most females I knew, but the end result was I always fuckin' looked good, wrist and neck always iced, and a three carat diamond in my ear. A fitted baseball hat hung low over my eyes. I always kept my hair cut low and faded and beard freshly lined up. After all that shit, I was ready to hit the street. I walked out to my garage. Hmm, my rove, my escalade, or my Lexus? I always went with my signature look when I was gonna be grindin: my Lexus, black on black twenty six inch Velloche rims, ten grand worth of sound system, and dark tint, sleek and powerful. I cranked my bass and headed out into the hot ass sun. I had a bunch of runs to make, check on my corners, and pick up some money from my corner boys. Later, I was suppose to meet my homeboy Edward at the club to discuss a large amount of weight he wanted moved. Anyone who thought I was fucking crazy had never met this motherfucker before. I was one of the few people he trusted enough to directly do business with, and he was a good person to have in your corner; blow for blow he was another lone white boy that most motherfuckers feared. You heard the name Cullen, and a chill ran down your spine. I got a text from Edward saying to watch my back because the cops were out deep, running stings all over the place. I texted all my corner boys and told them to keep their eyes open and shut down if necessary. I was about my money but couldn't take the chance of one of my boys getting popped because then my name gets mixed into shit. I was kinda irritated today, I hadn't got laid in two weeks. I had cut off my normal girl, her name was Rosalie. Blonde hair, blue eyes, nice ass, but her fucking mouth drove me insane. I let her go cause I couldn't deal with her drama, so therefore no pussy for me! I wasn't down for the one night stand thing, and I don't typically trust females. They talk too fucking much! My dry spell was seriously fucking up my focus, so I considered calling Rose, even though she was pissed. She would let me hit it, but then I would have to deal with her mouth. I got lost in the bass and made my way down to the Bronx. I made my rounds without bullshit, then texted Cullen and asked him if he wanted to meet early, cause I was done with shit and wanted nothing more than to go home and go back to bed. My cell rang, and it was Cullen. "Whattup, Ed?" I said. "Sup, Em? Where the fuck you at, dude?" he asked. "Leaving the track, about to roll over to Dover, and check my shit over there. Then I'll probably go home and call it a day," I replied, yawning and running my finger through my hair. "Yeah I got you. Hey, when you get to Dover let me know. I'm over at Scorpion; come chill here for a few, " he suggested. "Yeah, dude. I got you, give me about forty minutes," I answered and ended the call. Scorpions was this kick ass restaurant that turned into a strip club at night. I had spent so many nights chillin' with my crew there, it was like my second home. I rolled into Dover and was immediately pissed off. One of my corner boys was so interested in the slut he was tonguing down that he wasn't paying attention to the rival crew that was on the other corner waiting for the opportunity to jack my shit from him. I reached under my seat making sure my glock was cocked. I looked in my rearview mirror and smiled. That motherfucker Cullen was psychic and always had my back. I adjusted my hat and got out the car while the boys in the rival crew jumped into some POS and sped off, tires screeching. I walked up to Mike, fucking dumb-ass, sell-out pretending to be hood, and put the glock to his throat. "Motherfucker, I don't give second chances on a regular basis, so pay fucking attention. You lose a dime of my fucking money or any of my weight, and they will never find your body. I will blow your fucking head off, you got me?" I whispered in his ear. I had to keep from laughing when I looked down and saw the motherfucker had pissed himself. "Emmett man, I'm sorry, I ain't seen my girl in a while and-" he sputtered but I cut him off. "I don't give a fuck about you or your bitch. I am about my fuckin' money. If you fuck with that, I fuck you up. Plain and simple. It happens again and-" I threatened, pulling the trigger. I knew all it would give off is an audible click since the safety was on. "Don't make have to cock this shit back again. Now where the fuck is my money?" I demanded, putting the gun back in my waistband. The dumbass was short, and I shrugged at Cullen. Yeah, this motherfucker was gonna have to be dealt with. Even though today was not the day to fuck with me. I was too heated, so I would do some crazy shit if I handled him right now. "Where is the rest?" I demanded, losing more patience by the second. "Well, uh, some of it is at home. I forgot it," he mumbled, looking at ground, which let me know he was lying. Now I was pissed. "Mike, seriously, you're trying my patience. You're gonna meet me at Scorpion tonight with all my money and my weight. If you don't and I gotta come looking for your ass, it won't be a good scene," I said as I flexed my fingers to keep from punching him in the fucking face. "Em man, seriously, I need the money. I gotta kid coming; I gotta get money," he begged. "Dude, you're acting like I give a fuck! I ain't your friend. This is my fucking money we're talking about, and you know how I am about money! Stop fuckin' playin' with me, Mike. So like I said, my money and the rest of my weight. I can't fuck wit you no more," I spat and walked to my car. Cullen was still sitting in his Benz, his normal chick Alice sitting next to him, rubbing his shoulders. He got out when he saw me approaching and