A/N: Welcome to the King of the Bronx, the second installment of The Bronx Bombers. I am going to warn you now, there is a lot of heartfail coming for the first three chapters. I'm sorry but again. I will tell you guys, there is a method to my madness. Thank all of you guys for your unwavering support. Don't forget to come find me on facebook Lilmissweet Sin and also don't forget to vote on the who is your favorite Bronx Bombers poll because I am basing my decision to write a spin off and possibly a war within the crew on the results from that poll. Review Review Review. PIMP PIMP PIMP. Thank you guys all so much. I love you all. BPOV When Emmet and I finally made it out of the church after taking so many pictures my cheeks were burning from smiling, we both sank into the limo and groaned. "I still say we should have went to Vegas" he said laughing as I laughed and poked him the side. "Your mother and my mother would have exploded" I said "Now tell me that shit wouldn't be entertaining as fuck?" he asked and we laughed. "You're- I swear I wonder about you sometimes" I said shaking my head and struggling with the huge thing that was my dress. My mother and mother in law had bustled it at the church after pictures, but it was still huge, I smiled down at the hand cut rose appliques on my dress, it was red and white and exactly what I wanted, the Swarovski crystals that were hand placed and the extensive lace work. The dress was red sparkly and pretty, just like my diamond and ruby adorned tiara, my daddy had that hand made for me. He said every princess needed a tiara. My father and Carlisle had split the father of the bride duty and both helped me down the aisle. I was the happiest girl in the world. The hour ride to the club gave Emmett and I time to do something we rarely got to do, talk and laugh and just hang out. We drank the bottle of champagne. "Did you see how packed the church was, they had to open up the upper level" I said shaking my head. "Well that's what happens when the princess marries her Capo" he said shaking his head and rolling his eyes. "I'm still your princess?" I asked resting my head on his shoulders "You will always be my princess Bella, I knew the day I saw you in the mall, I wanted you" he said. "I totally got myself off thinking off you in the shower that night before I went to the club" I said blushing "You were my first wet dream" he said squeezing my hand and we both laughed and he leaned down and kissed me. "I love you big daddy" I said against his lips "I love you too belly" as his tongue brushed against mine. "You have no fucking idea what I'm gonna do to you tonight" he whispered "I can't wait, you think they'll notice if we skip the reception?" I whispered licking the shell of his ear brushing my hand over the bulge in his pants. "Yeah, but we got another thirty minutes before we get there" he said "You wanna fuck me in my wedding dress" I said incredulously "No, well, yeah, but uhh, that's not what I mean" he said harshly staring at my tongue as it swiped across my lips and then I knew what he wanted. I leaned over and unzipped and unbuttoned the pants to his tux, I will readily admit when I saw that thick long hard cock the bead of pre-cum beading at the tip, I moaned like a whore. I looked up at him and smiled Taking him to the back of my throat I moaned around him and I heard him moan out an oh fuck. "Good girl, so fucking good" and I felt his hand move and I immediately sat up letting him slide out of my mouth. "You touch or fuck up my hair, and I swear I'll kill you" I said "Fuck your hair, don't stop" he seethed grabbing the back of my neck guiding my head back down. Emmett was careful with my hair never touching it except to push the stray curls out of my face, my baby was a watcher and he loved to watch his length disappear into my mouth and down my throat, but he wasn't careful with the force of his thrusts and I was sure I would be sporting his fingerprints on the back of my neck. "Come on baby make me cum, that's my girl he said roughly guiding my head up and down his length. I felt him swell and his breath suck in before he exploded in my mouth and I swallowed as fast as I could and was trying to pull back but he held me in place and I was moaning like a whore whining and squirming. He got his and was looking down at me with a cocky smirk and then the limo stopped just as I was zipping him back into his pants. "Later baby girl, not now" he said putting his sunglasses on. I groaned and pouted in frustration. That was so unfair. I made sure my lipstick and make up were flawless, but the flushed cheeks were a dead give away of what we had done and I just hoped my parents didn't notice. Emmett helped me out the car, bumping fist with his groomsmen. Monica winked at me and pulled me aside pulling a tissue out her hand bag and dabbing it at my cleavage. I was mortified and she laughed quietly and said "The day of me and Felix's wedding I had to stop at a gas station on my way to the reception for wet wipes to wipe cum off my gown" As we entered the Song changed to Feel this moment by Pit bull and everyone started to clap as the Dj Announced the bridal party, the single women in the crowd went wild when he announced the best man Master Cullen was single. I just rolled my eyes and laughed. After the bridal party was announced the song changed again and Sean Paul started to belt out Got to Love you came through the speakers, the bass pounding as we walked into the club " Ladies and Gentleman get on your feet and welcome the happy couple, for the first time Mr. and Mrs. Emmett Dale McCarty" Cheers and applause erupted as we made our way into the room dancing the entire way. Emmett and I made our way through the room thanking all of our guest. We mingled with the older generation, it was intimidating to be in the same room with some of the most deadly and some of the most wanted men in the country. Every single one of them handed me and envelope with the phrase "Just a little something to get you started" and kissed me on the cheek. All the men would stand as I approached the table. They were so sweet ad so respectful but I knew better to confuse that We spent some time with the older generation, I danced with a few of the heads of other families to Sinatra and some other shit I couldn't even tell you what it was. I had my dance with both the father figures in my life, my dad Andreas picked I loved her first. He whispered how beautiful I looked and how my smile was lighting up the room. Carlisle and I danced to My little girl and I had to choke back tears as he flawlessly led me around the dance floor. "I hope you and Emmett and the kids have the all the happiness in the world, but always know where home is little lady" he said as he delivered me back to Emmett and bowed and walked away. Dinner was a traditional sit down dinner and Emmett and I were placed at the front of the room. I held a sleeping Brooklyn and Masen and he had Anthony in his arms as the toasts were made. When Cullen stood up Emmett groaned. "When Emmett and Bella first met, we were all confused as shit, cause we all know how Emmett use to be" he said as he wiggled his eyebrows, there were shouts and cat calls. Emmett lowered his head and blushed. "But I can see they are good for each other, Emmett has always been my brother and a for our crew, he's the example, and to get to see him come into his own as grown man, a leader, a father and now a husband and no one could set a better example, so raise your glasses, Emmett and Bella, I wish you guys a happy future with lots of love and babies and all that good happy shit" he said sitting down. We all had a good laugh and started to eat when Carlisle and a few of the other older men including my father stood up made eye contact with Emmett, Edward, Ben and Jas as they walked out. As we ate our dinner I couldn't take my eyes off of my husband. He turned towards me and smiled and winked and as usual I felt my face heat up. I leaned up and whispered "I love you husband" We were unnoticed until Emmett kissed me and the room erupted into cat calls whistles and hoots. We pulled away from each other and he mouthed he loved me. Renee and Andreas were taking Brooklyn for the night and Carlisle and Esme were taking Anthony and Masen. We didn't think it was fair to ask either couple to take all three of them. After we cut the cake the guys set to work loading up the presents into the 3 vans it was going to take to get everything back to the house. I was going to have a bridal breakfast the next morning while Emmett played golf with my dad and Carlisle. "You ready to go to the real party?" he whispered in my ear "Where are we going?" "Cullen wants to hang out at Poseidon our old VIP room, but before we go. I got something for you" he said winking "Is it what I think it is?" I asked smiling "You said you wanted to try it, and I figured me Benny Jas and Ed would be around, so why not?" he said opening his palm revealing a white pill with a couple of stars on it and grabbed a bottle of water "Wow, I umm, I know I asked for this, but god, Emmett you have to promise me you won't let me get addicted and turn into some crack whore" I pleaded. He let out this loud guffaw type laugh and shook his head. "I won't let you turn into a crack whore baby" he said and smiled at me and handed me the pill. I swallowed it and chugged a bunch of the water and headed into the bathroom with Alice and Monica to get out of my dress and into this strapless halter skin tight red dress. I had mathing red suede heels and we get my hair down out of the tiara and let the curls fall over my shoulders and did some night time smoky eye shadow to my eyes and painted my lips blood red. "Dam if I wasn't totally addicted to Felix's cock, I would so do you" Monica said as she slid into this slinky black dress "What makes you think you're even my type?" I asked "Oh bitch please you know you want all this" she said running her hands up and down her body. At think point I think