Rita Skeeter was referred to as a journalist in polite company, and as a muckraker, yellow journalist, too-nosy-for-her-own-good-scarlet-woman in impolite company, and 'That Bitch' privately. As in, 'How did That Bitch discover my secrets?!' It was something Rita was quite proud of, actually. Only Dumbledore, Voldemort and Harry Potter had more titles bandied about than her, and she hadn't even killed anyone! Quite the accomplishment, really. And it was her dedication to maintain her titles that led Rita 'That Bitch' Skeeter to Platform 9¾ at the end of Harry Potter's second year at Hogwarts. There had been several interesting rumors coming out of the celebrated magical school, hurried whispers about some sort of danger lurking in the halls and attacking children. Dumbledore had even been suspended! A golden opportunity, except for the fact that no one knew precisely what was going on. It was fertile ground for some digging and planting the seeds of disingenuous rumors, that would spring up into fat, glorious fruit ripe for the picking. There was also a murmur that Lucius Malfoy had stormed into Hogwarts in a right tizzy, and had left looking particularly rumpled and harried not an hour later. Rita was hoping to catch his blond Lordship when he came to pick up his runt from the train, and she'd been so eager to catch him that she'd skipped lunch. It was too good an opportunity, too juicy a rumor; with the potential for a thick, meaty story to rise up like the scent from the chip shop just outside King's Crossing! I should've gotten lunch, she decided, mentally slapping herself as the crimson Hogwarts Express rolled to a stop in the station, steam billowing into the air from its tall smokestack. Her dark green eyes glittered with excitement as she spied the high-quality robes and silky blond hair of the Malfoy Lord, his expression one of a man who'd stepped in a particularly smelly shite. Her strides long and confident, her ruby-red heels clicking on the stone, Rita strode up to Lucius Malfoy, straightening her lemon-yellow jacket and pushing her horn-rimmed glasses up her nose. "Why, Lord Malfoy!" She greeted him loudly, drawing his attention and everyone else's in a five-meter radius. "What a surprise to see you here!" He squinted at her, looking quite constipated. "Ah, Rita," he sneered, brushing his glorious golden locks over his shoulder. "What is so surprising about me wanting to retrieve my son?" 'You stupid bint,' went unsaid. She waved him off with a screechy cackle, "Oh, that's not what I meant! I was simply surprised to see you here…without Lady Malfoy. Perhaps you're not just looking to 'pick up' your fine young man, Lucius ?" Rita fluttered her eyelashes at him, standing in such a way that it drew the eye to the square inch of cleavage she had on display. It made her chuckle inside to see his barely-concealed face of disgust. "No, Ms. Skeeter, I am simply here to retrieve my progeny. What do you want?" He asked with loathing bare in his voice. "Oh fine," Rite giggled, whipping out a roll of parchment and her trusty Quik-Quotes quill. "Would you care to comment on the recent mysterious events at Hogwarts? The suspension of Albus Dumbledore, or the Arrest of Rubeus Hagrid?" Malfoy stiffened almost imperceptibly. "Those matters are quite confidential, I assure you, Ms. Skeeter," he sneered grandly, "I'm afraid someone of your station is unsuited to hearing about them." "Oh, so Minister Fudge is involved, is he?" She asked with mock surprise as her quill scribbled away. Lucius narrowed his eyes on her before turning to his approaching son. "Draco," he greeted stiffly. "Come along. The stench in this place is quite galling." Sensing her story slipping away, Rita made a wide grab. "Wait! Can you comment on the events that took place last week, when you visited Hogwarts and then left in hurry?" She blurted. The blond Lord slowly turned an acid glare on her, his lip curling in an angry snarl. "I couldn't possibly comment Ms. Skeeter, and you should know better than to nose in my business," he nearly growled, seizing Draco by the arm and marching to the apparition point. "You'd think I'd learn," she murmured, rolling her eyes. There goes two hours of my life, she grumped, stuffing her materials in her bag and making to leave. Before she could, a chorus of voices rose up from the platform. Ugh, Weasleys. Through the gaggle of lanky red-heads and their plump mother, Rita spied something that instantly drew her attention. Through the forest of freckled limbs there stood a small boy, with a buck-toothed bushy-haired brunette by his side, speaking very quickly if she saw right. He was raven-haired and pale-skinned, his small frame dwarfed by his baggy, colorless clothes. His eyes were a bright green and emphasised by the round glasses perched on his nose, and she could spot the end of a jagged scar on his forehead. Harry Potter. The Boy-Who-Lived. He was a lot shorter than Rita expected. Shorter, even, than the girl standing next to him. Something about him made it hard for her to look away, but she didn't know what. Maybe it was because he looked a year younger than twelve? Or the fact that the last son of the Potters looked like a pauper? Or the way his eyes went wide when the girl hugged him, and he minutely flinched? Rita's reporter-senses were tingling. A story, many stories even, hung around that boy like a shroud of light and she was a moth. Unconsciously, she found herself walking after him, flitting in and out of the crowd as she followed the flock of freckled red-heads. She palmed her wand and flicked a quick notice-me-not charm around herself as she stepped through the barrier into the Muggle world. She watched from a distance as the Weasleys traded good-byes with the Boy-Who-Lived and the bushy girl and hurried away, the muggleborn girl sliding into a sensible sedan a scant minute later. Harry Potter stood on the curb alone except for his white owl, looking quite miserable. It was the perfect time to act. As she walked towards the boy, hidden by the charm, Rita's womanly form shrunk and formed into that of a large but rather plain, if exquisitely-patterned beetle, in her completely unbiased opinion. With a quick flutter of her wings, Rita hid herself in one of the multiple folds of cloth of Harry's shirt, finding it to be a rather comfortable, if temporary, nest. She only had to wait for a few minutes before the screeching of tires heralded the arrival of another vehicle. Not daring to peek out from her hiding place, Rita only heard the following conversation. "What are you waiting for, boy? Get in the car!" For some reason, the voice brought to mind a hippo, and the heavy footfalls and loud breathing only added to it. "Yes, Uncle Vernon," came the voice of the Boy-Who-Lived, his tone dull and nearly lifeless. If she was capable of it, Rita would've frowned. Something about his voice and the way her nest subtly shifted made it seem like Harry Potter was downtrodden. But that couldn't have been right. No way Dumbledore, sparer of Grindelwald, would leave his protege in anything less than a stellar home. But then again, Rita had seen behind the Headmaster's shining persona before. All it did was increase her curiosity. She clung on as Harry got in the car, or SUV given the sound of the engine, and made herself comfortable for the trip. "When we get home, your unnatural rubbish is going in the cupboard, do you hear me?" The fat muggle growled, and she imagined him shaking a meaty fist for emphasis. "And don't think I've forgotten about your little 'lie-by-omission', either, boy. That stick of yours is going in there as well!" While that threat was interesting and concerning, the 'lie-by-omission' thing was what really got Rita's attention. It appeared the last Potter wasn't as Gryffindor as he was gold-colored! What she knew of the Boy-Who-Lived seemed to be wrong, and that opened many new and exciting doors. If she could get Harry Potter on her side… But she was certainly getting ahead of herself. There was more to learn before a decision could be made. "I need my books for summer work, Uncle," Harry said quietly. "I could be kicked out if those assignments aren't completed. And my kind like to erase memories." Rita heard a muffled snort of outrage. "F-Fine! Only the books and paper, nothing else! And you will only do them at night!" She got the feeling that, behind whatever mask Potter donned, he was smirking on the inside. And so was she. "Of course, Uncle." It was mostly silent after that, except for the angry mutterings of the large muggle and the occasional honk. She stiffened as a faint field of magic passed over her, her senses in beetle form tripled. Whatever ward had passed over her, it was either very weak, or didn't consider her a threat. The car came to a stop a second later, and Rita hung on as they began to move again. There was a series of clunks as a trunk was dragged across cement and an annoyed squawk from a roughly-handled owl, then the click of a key in a lock. The fat muggle grumbled under his breath as he unlocked the cupboard under the stairs and shoved Harry's trunk inside, watching warily as the raven-haired boy retrieved a pair of leather-bound tomes before slamming the door and locking it. Then, he waved Harry upstairs and stomped off to the kitchen, where a younger male began to whine. Harry rolled his eyes and carefully carried Hedwig to his room, quickly letting her out of her cage. "Back in prison," he mumbled, stroking her head and letting her nibble on his finger. "You get some freedom at least, Hedwig. Wish I could hop on my broom and fly out of here." He sighed, sitting at his rickety, piece-meal desk and began to scratch out a pair of letters that he tied to his owl's leg and sent off. Rita took the chance to escape from his clothes and sequestered herself in a half-open drawer full of scraps of paper. Making herself comfortable, she settled in to wait and observe. It wasn't her first stakeout, and a beetle had a much smaller stomach than a human, obviously. And a less demanding palate. … It was the middle of the night, and besides watching a twelve-year-old read a book and sneaking a few scraps of bread off his plate, nothing much had happened. A soft rustle woke her from her doze and she peeked out of the drawer to see Harry quietly opening his door. With a low buzz, Rita took flight and latched onto the back of his shirt as he crept down the stairs with admirable stealth and knelt in front of the cupboard under the stairs, withdrawing a slightly bent bobby pin from his pocket. She watched as he picked the lock and pulled the door open, opening his trunk and withdrawing his wand and a few odds and ends. Mostly candy and a few inkpots, but she spotted the silvery sheen of an invisibility cloak tucked under crumpled robes. Harry Potter just got more and more interesting. He paused, casting a solemn look at the interior of the cupboard and making a sound of surprise. Reaching down, he grabbed a small, battered tin soldier and held up. "I thought I lost this," he whispered, smiling as he tucked it away and locked the cupboard. Rita rode his back up the stairs and into his room, fluttering off back to the drawer. Harry stiffened, glancing around furtively. After a few seconds, he closed his door securely and popped a loose floorboard underneath his bed, storing his nicked goods away. The intrepid