AN: As said in the summary, this is sort of AU as the postwar world in this fic is quite different from the one suggested in the epilogue and in the Cursed Child. Everything up to and including Voldemort's death applies though. Although I should say it's been several years since I read the actual books, and I've since then read a lot of fanfics, so I might have gotten some details mixed up. If I even mention them, this is post-Hogwarts after all. I've also taken quite a lot of liberties with the characters. The history of the Malfoy family, the reason for their behaviors etc. As for the warning about Major Character Death, I promise that it won't be Draco nor Harry. No one else is safe though. As for the title: I have no idea. I had to come up with something. I really suck at titles. Harry "No," Harry said with as much finality in his voice as he could muster. His friends wouldn't give up though, but neither would he. Not this time. He was done. Finished. He'd done the deed, now others could take over. "Harry," Hermione was pleading with him. "Voldemort is dead. You can finally live your life now. Help rebuilding the wizarding world." Ron and Ginny were both nodding their support as she spoke. "No," Harry repeated. "I killed Voldemort. I fulfilled the destiny I didn't choose. I'm done. You can help rebuild and reform the wizarding world. Leave me out of it. I've done my part." "No one is claiming you haven't. Don't you want to help though? Don't you want to join the Aurors, have a career. Have a family," it was clear there was a silent 'with me' added to that last part of Ginny's question, and Harry would never say it wasn't tempting. "You can have all that now." Ginny concluded, with a small, hopeful smile. Harry regarded her in silence for a moment. "I thought I wanted those things," he finally spoke. "But how would I know? The first year of my life was probably a happy one, I wouldn't know as I don't remember, but after that? Ten years with the Dursley's slaving away, with no one ever asking what I wanted. Not even me. I never thought of a world where I would get to choose. I thought I would always be doing what others told me to." Harry paused for a moment, letting the words sink in as he felt the truth of them once again. "Then, at eleven, I was told I was a wizard and everything seemed to change. Did they though? The Dursley's couldn't order me around anymore, but I hadn't been a part of the wizarding world for long before I found out that even here no one asked me what I wanted. My path had been staked out before me. I was to kill the most dangerous wizard there had been. I wasn't given a choice. Oh, good things came with being a wizard as well - for the first time I had friends," with these words, Harry looked at the three standing in front of him, and smiled. Hermione, Ron and Ginny gave him tentative smiles in return, but it was clear his words worried them. "The Weasley's - and you, 'Mione - are the closest thing to a family I've got. Dumbledor was a great mentor, as was Lupin and even Snape in his own way. I'm more grateful than I can ever say, to each and everyone of you. But if I could choose to do with my life, whatever I wanted, I wouldn't know what I'd do. All my plans have always been for what others wish of me, expect of me. Now I want to find out what I want to do. What do I want from life?" "Oh Harry, we do understand! Can't you find out what you want from here though? Move into Grimmauld place, it's yours now. Why not spend some time fixing it up, while finding your own place in the world? You'll have us around, supporting you, whatever you choose to do," Hermione sounded like she was on the verge of tears. "This morning I had 137 owls waiting for me when I got up. More have arrived during the day. If I read each and everyone of them, I'd be at it all day. I opened ten. Of them, seven had demands disguised as requests for my assistance in them." "Mate, you can ignore them. Don't open any of them. They'll get the message with time and leave you alone," Ron tried to sound reasonable. "If it only were the owls. I've had floo-calls all day long, every day. I got them in the middle of the night before I started to turn of the floo when I went to bed. I guess I could turn the floo of completely as well as ignoring the owls, but how then will I stay in contact with anyone? And don't forget I can't even go anywhere public without being bombarded by people wanting something from me. I can't expect to have any peace and time to figure things out if I stay here. I killed Voldemort. I did that for you all. Now it's my turn. Now, I'm focusing on me. I'm sorry, but it's just how it's going to be." "For how long will you go? Where will you go?" Ginny was crying freely now, even though she clearly tried not to. "I don't know. I won't make any promises when I don't know if I'll be able to keep them. I hope I'll be back one day, but I doubt it will be soon. As to where I'll go, I haven't decided. I'll start with the continent, but I suspect I won't stay there. I'll apparate as far as I can get and then rest and apparate again. I have no plan, I'll just let instinct lead me." His friends looked shocked, Harry couldn't say that he didn't understand them. Still, this was his decision, he had thought long and hard about it. "Ginny," he turned to face his ex now. "I know we both thought that when the war was over, we'd get back together. I'm sorry, I can't give you that. Promise me, that you won't wait for me. This I have thought long and hard about, and of this I am sure: I love you, but I love you like I love Ron and Hermione. You are like a sister to me. I'm sorry, even if I do come back one day, we won't get back together," this was the hardest part. He did love Ginny, just not like he felt one should love a life partner. Ginny was now sobbing in 'Mione's arms. Harry turned to them. "I'm sorry," he said, one last time. They had all tears in their eyes now, as well as disbelief and something that might have been anger. Maybe it was for the best, Harry thought to himself. Maybe, if they learned to hate him, they'd move on easier. "I have to do this. For me. I hope you will one day understand," with those words, he apparated, leaving his friends behind. It was with a heavy heart he entered Grimmauld Place. Everyone probably thought he had already gone for good. There was some last things he had to do though. "Kreacher!" he called for the house-elf. With a small bang, the old elf appeared, grumbling to himself as usual. "I'm leaving. I'll be sealing of this house until I return - if I return. I've talked with Head Mistress McGonagall at Hogwarts, you can stay there. I hope you will be well." "No! Kreacher cannot leave Mistress' house! Kreacher will not hear of it. Master cannot do this!" the house elf sounded desperate, and Harry sighed. It seemed like he was leaving everyone broken and in tears. How could it be that when he for the first time in his life wanted to do something purely for himself, he ended up hurting everyone around him? Still, he would not change his mind. He was lost, he felt empty and without a course in life. He had no goals, no hopes or dreams. He wasn't depressed per say, he was just… empty. He needed to do this, of that he was sure. Tuning out the protests of the house elf, he went through the small bag he had packed one last time, making sure he had everything. He wouldn't take much with him, only a change of clothes, some loose change and an old photo of his parents, holding each other and smiling happily at him. His wand was in it's pocket as usual. That was all. He planned on getting by by taking jobs on the way, working for food and shelter. He looked around one last time, before ordering the howling elf to leave for Hogwarts. Then he walked out and closed the door behind him. Lifting his wand he said the spell that effectively sealed of the house as well as protected it against decay. He had caused many tears today. He had expected it, but it had been hard. He turned his eyes up against the sky. A couple of owls were flying towards him, caring letters. He closed his eyes - that was the last sign he needed. He smiled. His friends would be okay. They were strong people. Ginny was strong. They'd be great assets in helping rebuilding and improving the Ministry. He was leaving his homeland in good hands, he knew it. Just before the owls reached him, Harry Potter apparated. When he appeared again, he was standing alone on a small beach. He cast a spell, this time to conceal himself from all owls. Then he apparated again. And again. And again. Draco Draco sat still between his parents. It took all his efforts not to show any emotion as they waited for the verdicts to be read. Finally, the moment came. Draco had to force himself to breathe calmly while what he really wanted to do was scream. He desperately hoped for a miracle, but he knew the verdicts before theirs had been harsh. As Voldemort had fallen, the Ministry had taken on a new regime. Even though he had been kept in solitary confinement almost since the battle at Hogwarts had ended, some rumors had reached him. He suspected the guards let him overhear them on purpose, knowing they would worry him. He prayed to Merlin that they weren't true. Word was that Slytherin House had been abolished. Both former and current students from Slytherin had been put under scrutiny just because they were Slytherin. Draco figured the Ministry wanted a scape goat for the war even happening, and Slytherin students was chosen. He wanted to shout out the names of those from other Houses, who'd been loyal to the Dark Lord. He wanted to name friends, like Blaise Zabini, who couldn't have cared less about choosing sides, or who secretly had been desperate to join Dumbledore, but hadn't been allowed to. Most of all, he wanted to remind them of Wormtail, the Gryffindor that had been in the heart of the Dark Lord; his most trusted and devoted follower. He wasn't in a position to do any of that though. So he listened to the rumors of his old friends, classmates and house mates fleeing the country to escape undue imprisonment. For those, like he and his family, who had been known Death Eaters, the word was even more grim. There was no mercy, no leniency, no excuses. Some whispers that had reached him said that the minimum punishment that had been dealt out was life in Azkaban, where the Dementor's once again had been given free regime. Other said there had been no verdicts given other than death. Draco had hoped against hope that Potter would