Okay, so first thing, this in an experiment. I just saw this Catoniss video on youtube called "the future seemed so bright" and it was just stuck in my head and I knew that I won't get out unless I do something about it and after that the story just came to my mind and kept going. As this is an experiment , I thought why not try writing in third POV and there are so many intriguing characters in the series whom full justice was not done as we saw the world the way Katniss saw it. I may continue this fanfic if it gets positive response, if it doesn't then I'll just continue writing my other story. P.S. Panem is a tiny bit different in this. Enjoy! Love the way you lie "Welcome to District 12- coal and mining. We hope you have a pleasant stay." The unnaturally robotic voice boomed through the old, little used station. It was his first time out of district 2 and he was already missing the luxuries there. He doubted anyone could have a pleasant stay in district 12 "Is it really necessary to go to every district? These kids don't even stand a chance! What's the use of observing them?" He complains. It was an honor for him to be chosen to accompany the victor as the apprentice but he had never imagined that the conditions of the outlying districts would be this dire "Never underestimate your enemy Cato, you never know" Enobarnia, the newly crowned victor who was currently on her victory tour replies to the little boy in front of her who she knew would one day go on to bring pride and honor to his district; just like she did. "But at least there is a point in visiting the first 6 or 7 districts. They are not victims of malnutrition or poverty like this one. District 12 has only one victor alive! And I don't think that they are going to have another one very soon." He argues with her. He held great respect for Enobarnia; just like the rest of his district. But that didn't stop him from bickering with her. If there was any other thing Cato loved more than winning, it was proving people wrong, especially the ones he looked up to. "Enobarnia is right Cato, don't underestimate any of them. The only alive victor of distric12 has won the games with twice the competition so you can't conclude how a tribute is only because of its district" says Brutus in his gruff voice. Cato is about to back answer when Brutus cut him out and tells "You can estimate, yes. I am not telling you to consider them as your competition but don't count them out too early either." The surly man who was in his mid-thirties has been a mentor for almost twenty years, and he was rather good at it considering that District 2 had 8 victors in the past 20 years. The twelve year old boy gives a curt nod before asking "are we at least staying in a decent place? Even if there is one, it is going to be hard to find" "Don't worry about that, I have already made the arrangements and there is someone I want you to meet." Brutus replies giving a half- smile which he rarely does. Life in district 2 and the games had hardened him. It was filled with comforts that some districts might not even have heard of, but that was after 10 years of bitter training and by that time, even the most cheerful and carefree people had turned cold. Only some managed to keep their inner child alive. Life in district 2 wasn't considered hard or perishing but if one looked close enough, it was more distressing than they would have imagined. On the way to the destination, Enobarnia is excitedly chatting to Cato about her time in the arena, the privileges of being a victor and how one day he would do the same. Cato looks at her with wide eyes filled with awe when she gives a detailed description on how she ripped a tribute's throat using only her teeth. Normally, people would avoid telling kids about such barbaric experiences but Cato was no normal kid. He was a trainee career and although he was only a 4th year, he showed more potential than most of the 6th years. After almost fifteen minutes the old, rusty vehicle halts and all of them get down. "Ahem, I present you the victors' village" says Brutus, trying to get their attention but both of them seemed to busy in their discussion of which was the best strategy to use in the arena. Brutus clears his throat one more time and repeats "I present you the victor's village". Both of them look up, clearly shocked to see the place which was a disgrace to all the victor's villages in Panem. " This is the victors' village?" both of them reply at the same time. The village is far more posh than the rest of the district but is still nothing compared to the victor's village in district 2, which was filled with residents living in huge mansions and not a drunk mentor living solitarily in a small cottage. "Yes, and this is where we are going to stay for two days" Brutus says pointing at a dark and gloomy house somewhere near the end." "Can't we stay at the Justice Building like we did in the other districts? I know I was complaining but I am okay with it now, anyplace except this haunted house is okay" he says. The dark atmosphere, the stench of alcohol and the broken windows of the house send cold chills down his back. "Too late to do that now kiddo, c'mon you have no other option so it's not the time to be picky. Haymitch is a friend of mine" he says as he goes inside the gloomy place. "Friend? That drunken mentor of district 12 looks like a person who would throw an empty wine bottle at anyone who knocks on his door! Are you out of you mind?" Enobarnia says. Normally, Enobarnia never questioned what Brutus said or did; after all he was her trainer and mentor. In a lot of ways, he was the reason she was still alive but the idea of sharing the house with a drunk made her speak up. Brutus glares at her. She wasn't usually the one who would stop just because of a glare but it was Brutus she was against, she knew she would be fighting for a lost cause. There was no winning against Brutus .Both of them had no choice but to follow. "I knew I never should have agreed to come along with you guys as the trainee career" Cato mutters under his breath while walking, being careful not to step on the broken shards of various glass bottles "Enobarnia! Cato! Meet the victor of the 50th annual hunger games, Haymitch Abernathy" Brutus says in a fake cheery voice Both of them look at the paunchy, drunken victor who seems to be in another world. He was swinging from side to side, barely managing to keep his balance. No wonder that they haven't won any games for a long time if they have a mentor like this. Cato can't help but feel bad for the under-privileged children of district 12 who go into the arena destined to die. Kids like him at least know that they stand a chance. But here, even if a kid is strong enough their hope and confidence is crushed. And you can't get what you want unless you believe that you can "Haymitch, this is our victor and this is our trainee career" Brutus introduces them. Cato shakes his rough and scar-filled hands and tries to remember him as a tribute. At the academy, they showed the full recording of each and every hunger games ever played. He remembered watching the 50th hunger games at training. The victor, who was a determined young rebel, doesn't represent Haymitch in any way. He had kind of idolized him after seeing him fight the final battle holding his intestines in one hand and using the force field as a weapon but that all has changed now, seeing what state he was currently in. He moves towards Enobarnia and studies her "You must be really bad at training. They normally don't allow careers who have crossed their 8th year on victory tours unless they really need it. "He taps her cheek and says "I have my heartfelt sympathies with you if you get reaped." Enobarnia is burning red now; Cato stifles a laugh as she glares at him but before she could speak, Haymitch has already turned his attention towards him. "Oh my! Such a young victor, what did you do to win? Charmed all the sponsors with your innocence and then started killing? I am truly impressed" he says as he ruffles his hair. There is one unsaid rule which everyone at training knows and follows; if you touch Cato's hair or his sword you are as good as dead. But I guess he couldn't hurt a drunken mentor who mixed up the trainee and the victor "Umm….Haymitch you mixed them up. Enobarnia is the victor and Cato is the trainee career." Says Brutus, slightly embarrassed himself "In any case, one of them is a victor. Let's celebrate! I have a closet full of wine" he says as he pulls Enobarnia and Brutus towards a shadowy passage." "Wait! What about him?" Enobarnia asks. She had always been a bit protective about Cato, like an elder sister that he never had. "Don't worry, I can think I can manage another hour or so without both you telling me what to do" he smirks and shouts to them before they disappear into one of the rooms in the never ending corridor. He looks around, there was nothing much to do in district. He goes to the edge of the village which is on the outskirts of the district. There was a snow-white fence followed by barbed wires which was followed by endless greenery. He had never been to a forest before since District 2 was surrounded by rugged mountains and a lake. The thought of a new adventure and doing something forbidden was intriguing. He quietly slips through the white fence and pause before the barbed wire. It had a HIGH VOLTAGE sign on it. District two had a high wall which was impossible to climb as the boundary but he had heard that some districts had electrical fences. District 12 had shortage of electricity and other amenities, what were the chances that it was electrically charged? It was worth the chance. He was taught in district two that anything unknown or unfamiliar was perilous. Knowing your surrounding well was one of the key things in survival. But here he was, on the verge of being free for the first time in his life, on verge of disappearing into the nameless wilderness. How could he turn back? He passes all the barriers and finds himself in open foliage. The wind was brushing against his cheeks and the sun was shining over his head. He could have never experienced anything like this in his own district where everything was controlled and disciplined. But in here, even the grass and trees were untamed and wild. There was nobody who he had to listen to here, and he loved it. He was roaming around for a while, observing the wild creatures and plants he had only seen in pictures. There was not much greenery in District 2. The roads, the pavements and mostly everything else were covered with stones of different kind. It wasn't much surprise considering the district's main industry was masonry. Cato had only gone to one park in his entire life, and