So...hi. Okay, yeah, I'm a total idiot for posting yet ANOTHER Jasper story but I HAVE NO INSPIRATION FOR ANY STORY EXCEPT THIS ONE so I'm hoping that as I write this, I might find it again. And even if I don't, I promise this story won't suck. Well, I hope. I'm really excited for this story and I'm trying to get my writing skills to improve. I was reading Mixed Feelings, like literally the whole thing, and I feel like I was a pretty amateur writer back then. If you have ANY suggestions based on WRITING SKILLS, please give them! HAPPY READING! xxx WARNINGS : There will be swearing. No, seriously. A shit ton of swearing. This is MY idea/work. I did not copy from actual events/people/or anything in real life, dead or alive, besides the fact that they are Rick Riordan's characters. If anything from the storyline is the same, it's PURELY COINCIDENTAL. No part of this may be copied UNLESS used in reviews/critical articles/or mentions, CITED WITH MY NAME, WITH MY PERMISSION. No part may be translated without my written permission. No part of this fan fiction can be reproduced or transmitted without my express written permission. My work has been plagiarized before - and I was not happy. If I see ANYONE copying my story, I will report you and make sure you are blacklisted. So, just don't plagiarize. Okay? Or I will crush you. My updating schedule might suck a bit. I'm sorry lol. I LOVE YOU THO. Criticism is welcomed. But downright rude reviews are NOT. So if I see a rude review, I will get PISSED OFF. K? Also, I don't own PJO. Just the storyline of this fanfic. And there's no gods in this story. :) Go on and read! Chapter One - Making a Plan Jason's POV My life is a routine. Eating, sleeping, school, basketball, friends, girlfriend, repeat. It's a long routine, but that's just the way it is. I get bored of it sometimes. Having to be the perfect guy. I haven't ever gotten into trouble before, besides the occasional tardy/absence. Well, if tardies and absences count as trouble. They do, right? I'm pretty good at school, too. I usually get A's and teachers like me. A lot of people like me. It's mostly because of my golden boy status. Because I'm a perfect guy. It's not that I don't have any flaws, because I do. Like the fact that I never give up. Ever. And yeah, that's a good thing at times, but it's also a flaw. I can't seem to let go of anything. I barely try new things, which is probably why I'd never tried to change my good boy stereotype. Also the fact that I can be a bit egoistic. I don't think it's that bad of a quality. What's wrong with having confidence? But apparently, people don't like it. I hate people. I may also have a tendency to jump to conclusions and can get mad easily. So when my girlfriend Reyna sent me a text this morning saying nothing else but 'We need to talk', I got kind of freaked out. I mean, it's a known fact that whenever a girlfriend or boyfriend sends a text like that, it means that they want to break up or something worse. Reyna and I have known each other since we were seven. She's liked me since then, but since I was a little kid and the whole 'girls are gross' thing was going on, I didn't really think about it. However, once we hit middle school, I started liking her back and we had an on and off relationship since then. I can't lose her. She's been with me since forever. I can't let her go. "Jason, who the fuck cares if Reyna is planning to break up with you?" Leo groans over the phone. "I care!" I defend as I grab my keys to drive to school. "I've known Reyna since forever! I can't let her go!" "Exactly! You've only dated, like, two other girls besides her and they barely lasted for a week." "Well actually, Jessica and I dated for a week and three days." "Oh, my bad!" he says sarcastically. "I'm just saying that maybe a new change of girls in your life wouldn't be too bad." "I don't want anyone but Reyna. Leo, I love her." "You're whipped." "Who the hell cares? If whipped means that I'm in love with my girlfriend and I can't stand the thought of losing her, then yes, I'm whipped as fuck." "Whatever, just...whatever you do, keep your dignity when you talk to her." I roll my eyes. "I will, I gotta go. I'll see you in school." I hang up on him before he could reply and sigh heavily as I walk out of my room. I go to the kitchen and grab an apple and walk out of there to see a random man on my couch. Wearing nothing but a towel. "What the hell?" I blurt out. He turns and sees me, raising his eyebrows. "Who are you?" "What? Who are you? Get the hell off of my couch, and wear some actual pants!" "Jason! Don't be rude!" I hear my mother's voice behind me. I turn and see her in an oversized t-shirt. Just a t-shirt. And it's definitely a guy's shirt. "What the fuck?" I blurt out. "Watch your language!" Mother narrows her eyes at me. I fucking want to punch something. When will she stop? "Keep your prostitutes in your room. And wear pants when someone else is in the house. I don't need to be scarred at 7 o'clock in the morning," I snarl. I walk past her and stomp out of the small apartment, cursing under my breath. My day is going to suck. "Tomatoes aren't real if they're called cherry tomatoes," Percy firmly says. "That doesn't make any sense," Leo tells Percy. "Cherry tomatoes are definitely real tomatoes." "You're wrong." "Coming from the person who eats everything blue, I don't think you should be judging what I like to eat." I groan. "Cut it out." Percy, Leo and I are currently in the cafeteria waiting for the bell to ring so we can go to class and they're arguing about the dumbest shit again. I look around the crowded cafeteria, pretend not to notice a few girls next to us staring at me, trying to find Reyna's dark hair amongst the students. "Jason, I know you're in a bad mood because of Reyna but don't worry about it! She's a bitch anyway!" Percy encourages me, patting my arm. "You're in a mood, too," Leo snickers. "What's that supposed to mean?" Percy challenges. "You're pissed off because that nerd that you hang out with is now with that college guy from the party." Percy scoffs. "I could give a fuck less about Annabeth or Luke." "For someone who pretends to be annoyed by her, you seemed pretty mad when you saw her giving him her phone number." "I'm not mad! Don't talk to me about her, I don't like her." "But you want to fuck her." "Well she's hot, I guess but she has a stick up her ass that no one can remove." I roll my eyes and look to my side, finally spotting Reyna's beautiful face as she walks towards me with that confidence in her eyes that I love. "Guys, Reyna's coming." "Good luck," Percy wishes me. I nod and walk off to meet her. "Hey," I smile, reaching my arms out to hug her. She backs away, her eyes flashing from me to something behind me. "Hey, listen, can we talk in private?" My smile fades. Fuck. No. "Listen, Reyna, I know what this is about. You want to break up with me, right?" Reyna widens her eyes. "What? How did you know?" I knew that I was right but it still hurt to see her confirm it. I sigh and continue. "I know I've been pretty busy with basketball and hanging out with friends and all this other stuff, but you know I love you." "Jason-" "Reyna, I know you're hurt, and I'm sorry. So sorry. I promise I will keep my full attention on you if you just give me one chance. I love you. Please, Reyna." "Jason, I'm not hurt. I'm...I'm not breaking up with you because of that." I furrow my eyebrows. "Then why are you breaking up with me?" "Maybe we should talk in a more private-" "No, say it right here." "Jason-" "Reyna. Just say it ," I raise my voice. She glares at me. I glare back expectantly. Suddenly she explodes. "This is why! You can't let go of your stubborn attitude and can't let things go!" "Oh, so I'm too stubborn?" "Not just that! You...you're so obnoxious! You can't listen to what anyone has to say! Everything always has to be your way!" "That's total bullshit! I'm always listening to what you say! I'm practically your lapdog!" "Okay, then listen to this - I'm breaking up with you. Period. Just let it go, move on." "I deserve a better explanation than that! If you wanted to break up with me because of my qualities, you would have done it a long time ago!" "I found someone else, okay?!" she blurts out. People around us gasp, making me aware that people heard us. But I can barely focus on that right now. I can barely focus on anything right now. Reyna likes someone else? "What?" I blink repetitively. I couldn't have heard her right. "I-I'm sorry. But I really like him. I'm so sorry, Jason, I really-" "Who?" Reyna looks down with a guilty look in her eyes. "Dylan." "Dylan? That junkie?" "He's not a junkie! He's misunderstood-" "You're breaking up with me because of some bad boy fantasy?" I can't believe this. "He likes me too!" "Where is that asshole, I'm gonna fucking-" "Jason, calm down," Leo's voice suddenly breaks me out of my rage. He puts his hand on my shoulder and I feel Percy grab my arm. Reyna stares at me with a sad look. "Jason, I really-" "Save it, you've done enough," Percy hisses at her. She glares at him, crosses her arms and walks away. I turn around and see that jackass leaning against the wall near the exit with an indifferent expression and a lollipop in his mouth as if he thinks he's cool. He catches my eye and shrugs at me before picking up his backpack walking out of the cafeteria. The bell rings a couple of seconds later. People drift their focus away from me and start to walk to their classes. What the hell just happened? "Dude, you don't need her," Leo tells me as the cafeteria clears up. "Yeah, think of all the hot chicks you can get now," Percy nudges me. I shake my head. "I can't believe her." "If you don't feel like going to class-" "No, I have to go to class. I can't skip, I've never done it before. Besides, the whole school has heard of our breakup by now, haven't they? That asshole, Rudy was recording it, I saw him. If I don't show up, I look pathetic." "You'll be fine, okay? Reyna is a bitch. Dylan is a dickhead." I nod along but disagree. Reyna isn't a bitch. Dylan's just made her like this. I have to get her back. I have to. Piper's POV His lips. His beautiful pink lips. If I could just kiss them... He runs a hand through his dark hair that contrasts with his pale skin and electrifying blue eyes. His eyes are focused on his drawing and his elbow is dangerously close to mine. I smile to myself and look away quickly before he catches me staring and look down at my own mess of a drawing. Keep your eyes to yourself, Piper. "I thought