Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians, nor do I own the characters in this story. All of it belongs entirely to Rick Riordan. Nico remembers. He remembers when Percy Jackson, the son of Poseidon, arrived at Camp Half Blood after the quest he had gone in place of Nico. He remembers being ecstatic seeing his crush well and alive. But he also remembers the confusion, of not seeing Bianca with him. He remembers the pure terror he had felt when the realisation that something terribly wrong had happened, and that his sister was the most crucial part of it- the star of a tragically devastating play, if you will. He remembers Percy telling him that Bianca wasn't coming back. Lost in a pile of metal in the middle of nowhere. Exactly as the prophecy had foretold. He remembers how he had screamed, yelling in anguish and pain at the news that his big sister, the sister that forced fed him vegetables during dinner with their mother, the sister that reprimanded him when he sneaked a cookie from her plate, the sister that would grumble but comply willingly whenever he woke her up at sacrilegiously early hours on Christmas Day, the sister that told him it was okay to feel love for another of the same gender and that he wasn't stupid or mad, the sister that accepted the real him, the only sister he ever had, was dead. Bianca di Angelo was dead, but there wasn't even a body to honour her sacrifice. He remembers the hollow look in Percy's eyes as the son of Poseidon thrust a small figure into Nico's hands. He remembers turning it over in his hands later that same night, deep in the forest, and recognises it as the last figure that he needed to complete his collection. The miniature statue of Hades- the god of the underworld, their father - was the cause of his sister's demise. What a joke. The ground had split open, and skeletons arose to do his bidding. Nico doesn't remember how he did it, or how it even happened, but he could remember the feeling of emptiness in knowing that Bianca wouldn't be able to hold him on the nights when it got too lonely to bear, that she wouldn't be able to admonish him to be silent any longer- that she wouldn't be there for him ever again. He wouldn't be able to see her smile, her laugh; the little scowl on her face when she got upset with him; her worried face when he fell down and scraped his knees; the cheeky laugh and teasing remarks when his face lit up with embarrassment whenever he noticed a cute boy walking down the street. He wouldn't be able to hear her voice telling him it's going to be okay, and that no matter what happens, she'll always love him. But he couldn't recall the last time he told her he loved her. By the time Percy had defeated the skeletons and sought out to look for the young Italian, Nico was already gone. And that was when Nico di Angelo, son of Hades, broke for the first time. He couldn't save his sister. He wasn't even there for her last few moments. As night fell in the shadows of a forest far, far away from Camp Half Blood, the place that was the source of his misery, Nico swore to all the gods above that if he were given another chance, he would save Bianca. That he would keep her alive and within his reach. That she would be breathing, smiling, laughing... living . That he wouldn't fail her again. And thus, the cycle begins. Nico doesn't realize it, much less remembers, until he sees Bianca getting caught in the middle of a brawl. They were just taking a walk down the street after dinner, and Bianca Weathers, a classmate in his university, was laughing about something silly and Nico had simply snorted and nudged her side, a small smile on his pale face. He didn't anticipate that someone would actually attack them in the middle of the night. The man was drunk, and they were clearly mistaken for someone else. Bianca immediately stepped in front of him like the protective friend (and sister, though she didn't know it) she was, and did her best to defend Nico from this drunken fool. He hadn't bothered to figure out what the man was going on and on about as he attacked them, the only thing he was bothered about was when Bianca got hit in the head by the glass bottle the drunken was carrying. Nico had stared blankly in shock at the crystal shards that were embedded in Bianca's head, and it wasn't until her blood trickled down the sidewalk that he started yelling for help. The man seemed to panic at knowing what he had done, but Nico didn't care about that him, knowing somewhere in the back of his head the police would find him. He only ever cared about his sister. And as he knelt down by her side and cradled her head in his arms, sobbing and desperately attempting to rouse Bianca from her unconsciousness. "Bianca, stay with me! Bi, please, why won't you wake up?! Bianca? Bianca, please! Just wake up! " The ambulance arrived in another 10 minutes, and he refused to leave her side even as the people in charge lifted her into the vehicle, clutching her hand like the younger brother he once was. And despite the haste lost in blaring sirens and the blur of red lights as the ambulance sped by, it wasn't fast enough. Bianca was pronounced dead a mere fifteen minutes later. They hadn't even reached the hospital. That was when Nico finally remembered. His (former) sister's pale and very much stilled body broke something in him, and he remembered. He remembered the first time she died, when Percy had told him he couldn't do anything to save her and that they searched for her for too long to only come up with no results. Nico had failed again, his sister was dead, and he let out a scream similar to the first time he found out that she died, and the doctors stared at him in pity. He was angry with himself, for not remembering earlier. For not remembering their demigod days, or rather, his, when he lived his life regretting Bianca's death, for not being able to save her. And Nico crashed into another million pieces. The fire was everywhere. Smoke filled his lungs as the whole row of houses caught in a blaze. Screaming for Bianca Sterlington, Nico de Sol pushed aside the fallen debris and frantically searched around for his best friend. Nico's eyes were tearing from the smoke and his desperation to not fail Bianca again when he heard her scream, "Nico! Why did you come back?! Get out of here!" before it was quickly followed by a hacking cough that made fear course through his body. He sees her sprawled across their living room; the glassed cased bookshelf on top of her legs as he gasped for what little oxygen there was in the blazing room. "Bianca!" Nico yells, crossing what was once her family's flower printed couch that was now aflame before running to her side, scorching his arms just to get to her. "Hang on! Just hang on!" Nico pleads, trying to lift the heavy shelf off her legs. He freezes in place when Bianca cried out in pain, his tears now coming down in streams. 'No, no, no! Not again! Please! Please don't take her away from me again!' "Nico, go ! Get out of here! This place is going to collapse and you'll die! Get out! " Bianca screams at him, clutching his arms tightly to stop him from trying to pull her out. Nico shook his head furiously, hissing loudly, " Not without you! " as he struggled, tears streaming down his face. When he realized that there wasn't anything he could do, Nico dropped to his knees by her side, gripping her hand tightly as sobs racked his body. "I'll find you again. I'll swear I will next time. Bianca, wait for me. I'll find you again and again and again until I save you and you're alive and living by my side." Nico pleads, bringing her hand up to his lips and kissing it gingerly as his tears mixed with blood from a wound he had gotten while barging in to look for the person who was once his sister. Bianca looked at him, a confused look evident on her face that was smudged black with soot. Just as she opened her mouth to speak, a loud explosion catches her words and Nico's world blacks out. The last thing he saw was Bianca being engulfed in flames. And that was the first thing that came to his mind in his next life. They're both siblings, but they were poor in this life, living off leftovers and resorting to crime to sustain their life. Nico had considered telling Bianca about their past lives before, because she didn't seem to remember any of it. But recalling those moments where he had failed to save her made him lose it a little bit more, and he decided to drop the topic altogether. It wasn't like Bianca would believe him anyway. Nico hated the days where Bianca had to beg for money just to buy medicine for him when he got sick. He didn't like seeing her like that, on her knees crying for a few pieces of paper just so that she could see her brother healthy once more. But he hated the tsunami that hit them even more than that. He felt the rumbling of the earth beneath his feet, and shuddered at the memory of Gaia rising in his first life, but pushed it aside when the rumbling started to get worse. When the water hit and swallowed the entire city of New Orleans, Nico's arm sprung out to catch Bianca's by his side. The fear in her eyes doubled his own, and his eyes had gone wide and a silent scream escaped his lips as her hand slipped away. Nico lunged towards her, but it wasn't enough and he just couldn't reach her as the current dragged her away, separating the two siblings from each other. Each time he broke surface for air, he screamed for Bianca as he flailed and floundered in the gushing water, demanding where she was and if she was okay before the water swallowed him back up without finishing his pleas. It was ironic, how the elements were so against them. What next? An earthquake? A tornado? When the disaster was over, Nico gathered around with the survivors, scanning the crowd for his sister, pushing people away and screaming for her over and over again. It wasn't until he had tripped over Bianca's body that he stopped searching. Nico bit his lip, breaking the skin and making it bleed. The blood slid down his chin and soaked his already drenched shirt. Just like how Bianca's was soaked in her own blood, a sharp metal pole through her body as her eyes stared unseeingly at the gloomy sky above. Nico simply closed her eyes, muttered a prayer and walked away. (He had to stop this cycle. He had to). Nico is twenty five. He works as a bartender half an hour down the road in London by car, with Leo. When Nico first saw him, he had frozen in his tracks, looking at him in disbelief. Leo's eyes had widened in surprise, but he quickly recomposed himself and simply grinned at him, and gave him an enthusiastic salute. "Nice to meet'cha!" he laughed. "The name's Leo Valdez!" Leo remembers everything. He remembers his mother, Hera, Gaia, everything . Leo even remembers Calypso, which he had