Ola guys! This is my Day 5 Contribution for the percico positivity project. The prompt is Exchange Students Home Is Where the Heart Is "Mom!" Percy yelled, "I'm leaving to school," he said, swinging his bag on to his shoulder. "Did you take your lunch money?" Sally yelled from inside the house. "Yeah, mom. I have it," Percy yelled back, getting out of the house and closing the door behind. Percy opened the door of the Prius they had and got into the shotgun seat. His dad was tutting at him next to him, "What took you so long," Poseidon asked. Percy rolled his eyes, "You know how fuzzy mom can be," he replied. "True, Sally has always been a bit of a worrier, not that I blame her what with you being such a trouble maker," Poseidon said, winking at Percy. Percy stuck his tongue out, "I learnt from the best," Percy replied. "You know, you don't have to do this. It's gonna make you late for work," Percy said. "Driving you to school was one of the many milestones I missed out on. I don't care I get to work late. I'm the boss. I'm allowed to be late," Poseidon said, rolling his eyes and starting the car. "Dad, you've been with us for two years and you say this all the time," Percy said. "And I missed out on thirteen, Percy. No matter what I do, I can't get them back. So just humor me, why don't you?" Poseidon said. Percy nodded and they made pointless conversation as Poseidon drove him to school. Once they reached, Percy got out of the car, waving bye to Poseidon and entering the school building. Percy walked to his locker and stuffed his bag inside. "Percy, you're quite a bit early today," Nico said, from behind him. Percy jumped and turned around, "Well, so are you," he told the exchange student from Italy. "I'm always early, Percy," Nico said, rolling his eyes. "Oh look, there's Jason," Percy said, looking like and excited puppy, "And Leo! Guys, over here!" he yelled, waving his hands. The two boys heard him and walked to Percy. "Percy, my man! How's it going?" Leo asked, "Weren't you supposed to have your swim tryouts today?" "That's after school, Leo. Besides, we all know I'll get in," Percy said grinning. "Cocky, much?" Nico smirked from next to him. Jason shook his head, "He is actually a really great swimmer, Nico. You should see him in action." "Yea, you guys should come. Annabeth said she'll be there," Percy said grinning. "Alright then, that's done. We'll come watch you," Leo said and stuck his head inside his locker and pulled out his schedule. "Ergh, I have Biology," he said scrunching his face up. "Jase, Nico and I have Math as first period," Percy said, taking out his math books. "Wise Girl, you're late today," Percy said as he saw Annabeth walk towards her locker which was a few lockers away from Percy's. "I slept in, Perce. The bell's about to ring and I gotta get to class. See ya later, ok?" Annabeth said, hurriedly and rushed away. "She's in quite a hurry," Percy said, looking at Jason. "You know our Annabeth, Percy. I don't why you keep expecting her to stay with us till the bell rings," Jason said, rolling his eyes, and the bell rang. "Speak of the devil," Nico said, rolling his eyes as the boys took out their books and headed to their classes. Nico sat in front of Percy and Jason to the row next to them while Percy and Jason sat together as usual. "Perce! This is getting ridiculous. You've gotta tell him," Jason told Percy when he noticed his friend staring at the Italian extensively for the past twenty minutes. "What?" Percy asked, shaking his head from his Nico induced daze. "Nico. When are you going to tell him that you like him?" Jason asked with a pointed look. Percy sighed, "Never." "Oh, come on, Perce, you can't be serious?" Jason asked. Percy looked at him with an eyebrow raised. "Gods, you're serious," Jason said and Percy rolled his eyes and turned away from him, "Glad you figured that out, Sparky," Percy said. "Aren't you guys ever gonna get bored out that nickname? I accidentally sat on a wire one time people! One time!" Jason replied, exasperated. "Yes and then you got up and ran around like a headless chicken. It was hilarious," Percy said, chuckling slightly. "Oh, I know what you're trying to do here, Mr. Subtle. You're trying to change the subject," Jason said accusingly. "You figured! Wow, you're a genius," Percy replied dryly. "Don't sass me, you ass," Jason said folding his arms. "Mr. Grace! Anything interesting going on that I should know about?" Miss. Dodds, the math teacher asked, her hand in midair and a frown on her face. Jason cringed, "Uh, nothing, Miss. Dodds. Percy was pointing out an error in my book," he said. Miss. Dodds harrumphed and resumed with her incessant droning. "Percy, you have to tell Nico you like him," Jason repeated. "Yea, I heard you the first time!" Percy said and didn't answer more. "Come on, Perce. It's not like he doesn't like you back!" Jason said, tired. "Jason, we had a summer fling, alright? He came here to visit his aunt and just happened have some fun which just happened to be me. What if he has a boyfriend at home, huh?" Percy asked, exhaling noisily. "And what if he doesn't and what if he likes you?" Jason said. "You're not gonna let this go, are you?" Percy asked and Jason just grinned. The bell rang and Percy got up hurriedly, "Oh thank the gods. Bye bye, Jason," he said and ran away. Jason rolled his eyes, "Drama queen!" he muttered under his breath. "Hey, is everything alright?" Nico asked Jason, confused, "What was that all about?" "That was just Percy being his evasive, annoying self," Jason replied sighing, "That boy just won't see reason." "I think he's fine," Nico said, shrugging and taking his books in his arms. "Only fine?" Jason asked waggling his eyebrows at him and Nico blushed, "Shut up, Jason," Nico whispered, embarrassed. "Ah hah! So you do like him!" Jason yelled in triumph. "Yell it out for the world, why don't you! Keep it down you asshole," Nico said, hitting Jason on his chest. "Hey! OW!" Jason cried, rubbing at his chest. "For the record, I think he looks quite nice, alright? And I like him, purely platonically," Nico said, a slight blush still dusting his cheeks. "Uh huh, suuure, that's why you look like a tomato," Jason drawled. "Fuck off, Jason. It's hot in here!" Nico replied flustered as he hurried away from the matchmaker. Jason grinned at his spot and the second bell rang. "Fuck," he yelled and ran over to his locker. "Is that Percy carrying Leo?" Nico asked his half-sister, Hazel, also an exchange student. "Don't get jealous, brother. I'm pretty sure Percy's only helping Leo," Hazel said, smirking. "I'm not jealous. Come on, let's go see what's wrong," Nico said and got off the chair he was sitting in and went over to Percy, waving as we went. "Nico! Hazel! Hi! I'd wave if I could but as you see, my hands are full, pun unintended," Percy said, showing off a very pale Leo. "What happened?" Nico asked, concerned. "Yea, he looks so pale. Is he alright?" Hazel asked, worried, brother and sister walking along side Percy as he moved to the nurse's. "He was already feeling kinda ill apparently. And then we were in chemistry and he started shivering so vigorously and just fainted. So I was tasked to be the hero to this damsel in distress," Percy said without pausing for a beat. "Is he heavy?" Nico asked. "It's nothing I can't handle," Percy replied adjusting Leo in his arms. "Get the door, now, please," Percy said as the nurse's office came into view. "Oh gods, what's wrong?" Kayla, the school nurse, asked. "K, he just fainted. Do you think you can do something?" Percy asked, slowly laying Leo onto the bed. "You haven't tried putting your shoe near his face?" Kayla asked with a roll of her eyes as she went to get the smelling salts. "Har, har, very funny, Kayla," Percy snorted. Kayla winked at him as she came out with the smelling salts and kept it near Leo's nose. The latino woke up coughing. "Oh gods! That was worse than Percy's shoes!" he yelled as he came to/ "Hey! What is it with all of you targeting my shoes! They're a very fine pair if I may say so myself," he said, acting offended. "So, why am I here? What happened?" Leo asked. "Well, Percy just came in carrying you like the hero of some Disney film cause you fainted. Go home and take rest, Leo. Sleep for once," Kayla said, disapproval heavy in her voice. "Go home, now?" Leo asked, excitement and hope shining through his voice. "To sleep , Leo. S-L-E-E-P," Percy said. "Alright, alright. Why must you always crimp my style, ma," Leo whined. "Go see a doctor, Leo. You probably have some type of deficiency in your body," Kayla said, taking her phone out and dialing up Leo's parents. "The school nurse knows your number?" Nico asked. "Yes. Mine and Percy's. We get hurt a lot. We both have ADHD and we both destroy a lot of stuff," Leo said swinging his legs while sitting. "Alright, you guys can leave. Percy, you're gonna skip the rest of the class, aren't ya?" Kayla asked. "Aww, you know me so well, K," Percy said, grinning ear to ear. The young nurse just shook her head, "Off you go then. You only have twenty minutes left anyways," Kayla said, shooing Nico, Percy and Hazel out of her room. "Um, Nico, I think I'm gonna go to the library. You have fun with Percy," Hazel said slyly and walked away, not letting Nico say anything. "Oh well, that was weird. So anyways, my tryouts starts ten minutes after school ends, ok?" Percy said, smiling at Nico and walking towards a bench. "Yea, cool. Hey, is that study session still on?" Nico asked, looking at Percy. "Yea, of course. I pretty sure we both can help out each other," Percy replied, patting the seat next to him. "Thanks," Nico replied, sitting next to Percy. "Hey Nico, you remember the last time you were here?" Percy asked, tentatively. Nico blushed, thinking about the summer he'd spent with Percy, "Yea, what about it?" he asked, softly. "What happened to Bianca? You used to talk about her a lot when we were, umm, when we spent time together," Percy asked. "Bianca died," Nico said, devastated to think about it. "How?" Percy asked, with a gasp. "Hit and run. She didn't see the van coming and then—" Nico took a deep breath, "Yea, and then I never saw her again." "Any regrets?" Percy asked cautiously. "Only that we didn't have more time together. We were both pretty attached. Especially after Hazel came into the family. We were inseparable, the three of us, but me and Bianca the most," Nico said. "I found my dad, finally. Well, more like he found us," Percy said. "That's awesome news, Percy. When do you visit him?" Nico asked, relieved to hear some happy news. "Well, he realized I was his son after seeing a picture of me on the paper. I had won a gold in my last school," Percy said. "Yancy, right?" Nico asked. Percy nodded, "Yea, that's the one. So he asked his agents or whatever to search for us and found us. He landed on our doorstep and we finally got rid of that piece of shit of a step father," Percy said. "Gabe?" Nico asked. "Yes. We finally got rid of that dirtbag with