The Tale of Apollo and Hyacinthus When you've been alive for 3000 years, boredom isn't not having anything to do, it's having done everything and wondering what to do next. Apollo, god of the sun, medicine and thousand other titles sighed out of boredom as he looked down on the mortal world from Olympus. He waved his hand once in a while to change the location he was viewing and he was just done. He was about to flop over and go seduce another all-too-willing girl when he heard it. It was very faint and coming through the iris message he was viewing it through. Someone was singing and he couldn't see their face but their voice was absolutely beautiful that Apollo just had to go and hear the melody in person. Finally! Something to do, Apollo thought and disappeared into sunlight. Hyacinthus, prince of Sparta, also called Nico for no reason, was singing on the banks of a river. He sat on a dry log next to the river and let his voice ring through the air. Hyacinthus loved to sing but he was too shy and too insecure to ever do it in public. So he'd come to the river banks every once in a while, a location that was untouched by other sentient beings and sang his heart out. He loved to spend his time in the green pasture which was pleasing to the eyes. Either singing or admiring the beauty of the harmony in nature around him or swimming in the crystal clear water, he always made time to come to the beloved place he'd discovered when he'd wandered off as a child. He sung today, a song that he'd composed on his own. He sang of joy and beauty and peace and poured his heart out, a smile ever present on his face. Apollo found the place where the song originated from fairly quickly and gravitated there, letting his ear guide him to his location. He found himself in a beautiful meadow of sorts; full of color. The grass, the trees, the flowers and the birds and the music. The beautiful lilting music which Apollo found to be originating from a boy who sat on a log near the back of a river. The boy turned his head to his side, not ceasing the melody. His beauty was striking. Pale smooth skin, kissable rosy lips, and shock of thick black hair on his head. The boy was rather lean and slightly curvy and Apollo found himself unable to turn away from the beauty and pure joy radiating from the boy. He looked about 16, 17 but Apollo couldn't be sure. He had to talk to the boy for no one was blessed to have such beauty both in skin and in voice. He looked at himself on the surface of the lake. He looked pretty good, if he could say that about himself. He'd always looked good, but even so, this form looked better than the others. Apollo always tended to do that, change forms every once in a while. His recent body for the past few decades had inky black hair wind swept to one side, mesmerizing green eyes and a tall lean stature. Apollo looked satisfied and cleared the trees as the boy's song ended. He clapped as he walked out and the boy looked back, startled and then blushed, unaware that someone had listened to him sing. "That was beautiful," he said, clapping. The boy blushed once more, "Thank you," he murmured. "What's your name?" Apollo asked. "Hyacinthus, Prince of Sparta," the boy replied, "What's yours?" he asked, eyes twinkling with curiosity. Apollo thought a bit, "Perseus, your majesty," he replied. That was good enough. Perseus was his half -brother anyway. "No need for formalities, please. I'm only addressed that when on official matter or in my father's palace. Please call me Nico, or Hyacinth. Whatever you may prefer," Hyacinthus said. "Nico?" the god asked, an eyebrow raised. "It's just what my parents call me. I don't know how the name originated but I have taken quite a liking to it," Hyacinthus replied. "Nico," Apollo said, testing the name on his tongue, "It's as beautiful as you and your voice," he said, flirting. The Spartan prince blushed, "It's not that good. It's pretty ordinary," he replied. Apollo bristled at that, "Ordinary?! I'm pretty sure Apollo himself would be jealous of your voice," he said, chuckling. Hyacinthus shook his head, "Compared to the god of music, I'm nothing," he replied, smiling slightly. Apollo smiled at that and sat next to the prince on the log. "How often do you come here?" Apollo asked. "Pretty often. I love this place," Hyacinthus replied, looking around the meadow, "How did you chance across it, Perseus?" he asked Apollo. "I just happened to follow a beautiful melody that led me here," Apollo replied, smiling and looking into Hyacinthus' eyes. Hyacinthus' breathed hitched in his throat as he looked at away. There was no denying that the boy was handsome but why was he feeling this way? Hyacinthus wondered. It's not common for men to feel affection for other men even though it has happened in the past a few times. Hyacinthus talked with Apollo for quite a while when he noticed the sun setting. "I'm sorry, but I have to leave. I'll be here the day after though, same time, if you'd like to meet again?" he asked. "I would really like that, Nico. I am pretty new here, so maybe you can show me around," Apollo said, getting up from the log as well. "See you later, Perseus," Hyacinthus said as he took his leave. Apollo smiled at himself. He quite enjoyed his conversation with the young prince and wished to see him again. He teleported up to Olympus with a smile on his face and ran into Hermes. "You look happy, brother, what's going on? Charmed a new girl?" Hermes asked, grinning. Apollo grinned back, "Not a girl this time, Hermes," he replied. Hermes's grin grew wider, "That's going to be a challenge, Apollo," he said. "I happen to like challenges, Hermes, especially those that look and sing as beautifully as him," Apollo replied. "Quite a looker and a singer. No wonder he's caught your eye, did you have your fun with him yet?" Hermes asked. "It's gonna need some time, Hermes. It's not easy for me to charm men," Apollo replied with a devilish grin, "But I reckon a few more weeks will do to get him writhing under me." "Confident much," Hermes asked with an eyebrow raised. "Very, little brother," Apollo replied, folding his hands across his chest. "Well then, let's make a wager. If you can bed the boy within the next month, I shall owe you a favor and if you don't then it's the other way around," Hermes said. "Done!" Apollo replied, sealing the deal with a hand shake. Apollo looked over Hyacinthus through the mist as Hyacinthus performed his princely duties, helping out his dad in business. Apollo went back down to earth when the next day dawned, eager to see Hyacinthus once again, eager to win this challenge Hermes had presented him. Hyacinthus came to the meadow half hour later. "Hope I didn't keep you waiting," Hyacinthus said. "No, my prince, you did not," Apollo replied. "I thought I told you not to be formal with me," Hyacinthus replied. Apollo leaned closer to the boy, "I wasn't. It was supposed to be a term of endearment," Apollo replied. Hyacinthus blushed at Apollo's brazen flirting. "Don't get me flustered Perseus. I thought you said you wanted a tour around my city, so come along," Hyacinthus said, slipping his hands into Apollo's. Apollo blushed red and Hyacinthus smirked, "What's got you so flustered, Perseus?" he asked, acting innocent and tightening his fingers around Apollo's hand. Apollo blushed even further. "You can dish out but you can't take it, can you," Hyacinthus teased. "You are quite the devious little devil, aren't you? But you sure do sing like an angel. How could that be, I wonder," Apollo mused, smirking as well. Hyacinthus shook his head and pulled Apollo forward, taking him to the heart of Sparta and showing him around. The market places, the baths, the watering holes, the so many different wild life and flora. Hyacinthus talked about everything with excitement, pointing and showing Apollo at the different flowers and birds and animals and telling him what was what in the markets and how the Spartan kingdom works. Apollo laughed at the prince's joy, "Have you always been this happy, Nico?" Apollo asked. Hyacinthus frowned a bit, thoughtful, his hand grasping back Apollo's. "Not always. I was quite bitter for the past few years when I lost my sister, Bianca. But you could say I'm fine now. I still miss her terrible though," Hyacinthus said. Apollo's chest clenched at the thought of the beautiful boy losing his smile. "I'm sorry," Apollo replied, not knowing want to say. Hyacinthus smiled again and looked at the god, "Well that was years ago. I'm fine now. Come on, I'll take you on a horse ride," the prince said, pulling the god along with him as the god laughed heartily. When they were finally done, Apollo's face was plastered with a smile and dripping with sweat and so was Nico's. "That was quite fun. Thank you very much, Nico. I look forward to our meetings," Apollo said, bringing the younger boy into a hug. Apollo heard Nico's heart beat faster against his own chest as Nico returned the hug and then pulled back, flushed. "When can I see you next?" Apollo asked. "Tomorrow," Nico replied without hesitation. "Just ask the locals directions for the palace and tell the guards that you're a friend of Nico's. They'll let you in. I'll show you around the palace," Hyacinthus replied. "Why, my prince, don't you think that's a big step in our relationship," Apollo teased. Hyacinthus shook his head, "Shut up, you dork. Why did I even become your friend," Hyacinthus replied, acting exasperated. Apollo laughed, "I must've done something real good in my past life to be graced with your presence in this one." "Flattery will do you no good, you know," Hyacinthus told Apollo and the god grinned, "Can't say I didn't try," he replied. Nico shook his head and went back to the city while Apollo got back to Olympus and thought about Hyacinthus. He couldn't get the prince out of his head. This was very unusual, Apollo thought. Usually he wheedled his way into the hearts of young mortals, laid with them and broke their hearts. It was as simple as that. But here was the god of the sun getting flustered over a simple mortal prince. The Spartan was definitely not just some simple mortal, his mind argued. Apollo sighed, why was he feeling all this. He'd never had these feelings since Daphne. Apollo exhaled noisily with his mouth and left to get some fresh air. "Artemis," he yelled, smiling bright while his sister, who was walking wrinkled her face in distaste. "Oh come on, Artemis, am I that revolting to you," Apollo asked, pouting. "I'm sorry brother," she said, hugging Apollo, "It's involuntary." "You and your men hating huntresses," Apollo said, shaking his head with a smile on his face. "You know, I wish your huntresses were here. They'd be surprised at how you're not mean and actually like me," Apollo said, holding his sister by her arms. Artemis shook her head, "Come on, Apollo. You know why I do that, but by no means do I love you less, you know that, little brother," Artemis said, smiling at him warmly. Apollo grinned at his sister, "I know, but I still like hearing that from you," he said, placing a small kiss on her check. "Well, keep yourself out of trouble, Apollo. I need to return to my huntresses," Artemis said.