Hello guys, I'm back with a Percico fic I've been wanting to write for a long time. It's going to be a slow burn because that's how these things happen. The events of TOA are not relevant to this fic. Title is still a work in progress DISCLAIMER: I do not own Percy Jackson series or the characters in it. I'm unfortunately not Uncle Rick. 1. The Aftermath Percy let out a relieved sigh as he sat down on his bed in his cabin after a whole year. "Hey there, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth said, popping her head into his cabin. "Hey, Wise Girl," Percy replied, smiling slightly. The smile didn't quite reach his eyes. Annabeth's eyes searched Percy's face, "What's wrong?" she asked and went to sit next to him, "All our friends are alright." "Except Leo. He died to save all of us, Annabeth," Percy replied with a sad sigh. "I know," she said, laying her hand on Percy's back. "I'm gonna miss him," Percy said, a tear going down his cheek, "It's gotta be hard on Jason and Piper more than anyone else." "I know, Percy, I know. But this is not your fault, okay?" Annabeth tried reassuring him, "If I had just tried harder….," "Nothing would've happened. You were exactly where you had to be, Percy. Don't be so hard on yourself. It's not your fault, okay?" she asked. Percy sucked in a deep breath and nodded, "Okay," he said. "So, wanna help rebuild stuff after some food?" Annabeth asked. Percy's stomach responded to the word and made the sound of a dying whale. "I guess that's a yes," he replied and got up. The camp was almost in ruins. The demigods from Camp Jupiter were also helping out the demigods of Camp Half Blood to restore order and rebuild their camp. The Romans had also created a temporary camp near the strawberry fields. Annabeth, Piper and Reyna were inseparable and went around surveying. Percy stayed back and gave a hand to the campers. Then he met up the rest of the eight. Even though there were only seven demigods in the prophecy, Nico was definitely part of their crew, Percy would always think. The celebrations were not lavish as everyone were still grieving over their fallen comrades. Nico handled the burial rites and Percy was surprised since Nico hated being in the center of attention. Percy's chest tightened when he saw how down Jason was along with Piper. He could see tear tracks running around Jason's cheek. Percy put an arm around Jason and squeezed him. "There wasn't anything you could've done, bro. It was his choice," he said, trying to reassure his friend who had become so close in a very less time. "We should've been there with him. We could've helped him," Jason said, his voice breaking multiple time, a fresh torrent of silent tears streaming down his cheeks. "Jason, you couldn't have done anything, man. You did all you could. If you'd stayed there you would've died too. Is that what you want?" Percy asked him, silently, understandingly. "I…" Jason's voice was caught in his throat. "He was my best friend," he said in a small voice. "We got the physician's cure and for what? All for nothing ," Piper sobbed next to him. Annabeth out an arm around her and Piper fit her head in the crook of her neck and cried into Annabeth's shirt. Even Annabeth had tears in her eyes but she was blinking them back. Percy's chest ached as he remembered how Beckendorf died. His very good friend. This moment felt very familiar to that. Same cabin, cabin counselor and looking out for his girl. Percy let out an anguished sob, past and present mixing into his pain. Jason looked up at him surprised and tried to comfort the other demigod. Percy took in a deep breath and let it out and nodded, indicating he was fine. Hazel broke down sobbing and told the others everything with some help from Frank. All of them were stunned. Jason and Piper were raging but their anger dissipated as Frank and Hazel continued to speak. "Gods, that idiot!" Piper yelled. "And how was he planning to take the cure anyway? He was alone! " "Knowing Leo, he would've fashioned a contraption," Percy said and looked at Nico, "Is there any possible way that he's still alive?" he asked, pleadingly. Nico shook his head, "I felt him die, Percy. There is no way." Percy felt that Nico was holding something back but he didn't push the younger demigod. "Well, then, Leo did this so that we could survive and I'm pretty sure if he were here in ghost form he'd be looking at us in disapproval. He'd want us to move on," Percy said. The others nodded in agreement and got up. As evening came around things were a bit more pleasant. The dining pavilion was crowded and the Romans were welcomed like long lost friends, which they were. Coach Hedged paraded his son around amongst the demigods and the Aphrodite and Athena girls cooed over the hyper satyr baby who was shaking his fists around. He was closely followed by Clarisse who had been named the baby's godmother and trailed along with them like a bodyguard. Pushing the campers away so that the baby could have some breathing space. At announcement time, Chiron stepped forward and raised his glass and toasted to the gods. The demigods joined the toast with muted enthusiasm. Percy understood how they felt. It was how he had felt for all his life and for the Titan War too. The gods did nothing and now we have to thank them! Unbelievable! Then Chiron toasted to new friends. All the demigods roared actively. After some festivities, the praetors of the Roman legion were called to the front. Reyna and Annabeth had a short banter. Percy's eyes were on Nico though. This was the longest Percy had actually seen the boy without him slinking off into the darkness and he decided to take that to his advantage and really see Nico. Nico was leaning on the wall, in the shadows. He was pale and very thin. Percy could see the bones jutting out of his skin through his shirt. He frowned at that. Then he saw Reyna pull Nico into the light. Percy could see him clearly now and saw how thin and lanky he was. Well, we have to fix that, Percy thought to himself. He heard Reyna say, "We had one home and now we have two," and then pull Nico into a hug. Nico didn't flinch or pull away. Instead he hugged Reyna and buried his face in her chest. Percy was pretty sure he saw a tear on the son of Hades's face, but that might've been a trick of the light. What he couldn't understand was the alien feeling that bloomed in his stomach when he saw Nico hugging Reyna. Percy moved his eyes off of them and looked at Annabeth. It felt weird to finally be done with all this. At least for a while, what with Rachel unable to spew prophecies and Apollo grounded. After the feast, Percy went back to his cabin and pondered while he was in bed. The war was finally over, so what was he going to do next? He wondered and he fell asleep somewhere in the middle of his wondering. But he didn't sleep for long. He woke up with a gasp to Annabeth's worried figuring looking at him. "Nightmare?" she asked him. Percy nodded, greedily gulping in air before he could speak. "Do you wanna talk about it?" she asked. Percy shook his head, tears streaming down his cheeks, "It was horrible, Annabeth. I don't want to remember it," he said and tried to keep his tears at bay. He had to be brave for Annabeth, his mind reasoned. "It's alright. We'll be alright, Percy," she said, her fingers weaving through his hair. "It was Tartarus. I thought we were done with that place," his voice broke as he spoke. "I thought so too. I had a nightmare too, Percy," she said and Percy looked up to see silent tears streaming down her face. "You can let it out, Annabeth. It's all over. You don't have to be brave anymore," he said and brought them down on his bed. Annabeth buried her face in Percy's chest and let out a sob and then the others followed. Percy buried his face in her hair and he held his breath, silent tears streaming from his eyes which he wiped of frequently so that Annabeth wouldn't notice. At least one of them had to be brave, he told himself. He felt as if he was breaking into pieces, keeping all his anguish and pain hidden away but his heart won again. Annabeth was more important. He had to protect her. It was a necessity. A trauma that had come along with him when they'd come out of the pit. To see Annabeth all broken and helpless when the curses from the aria hit her, to see her get scared over his powers! He just had to protect her like he'd done countless times before. He had to be brave so that she wouldn't breakdown even further and with that thought he spiraled into the realm of Hypnos But their peace didn't last for long. Percy and Annabeth tossed and turned in his bed, tears streaming down their cheeks. But they were unable to escape to reality, stuck in their dream world. "Perce, Perce, bro, wake up!" Percy could hear someone. He clung to the sound and pushed himself awake. Jason was standing next to him, his face marred with worry. "Are you alright?" he asked. Percy didn't reply. He turned around to take look at Annabeth who was curled up into a small ball, mumbling, "I can't see. Why can't I see?" Percy was instantly hit with the memory of him facing the aria and choked. Jason shook his shoulders so hard that his teeth rattled. Percy gasped, his eyes cleared. 'I'm not there anymore. I'm back,' he told himself repeatedly. Jason took that distraction to shake Annabeth awake as well. She woke up a gasp, her eyes bloodshot, her face covered with tears and snot, tiny crescents in the palm of her hands from when she'd dug her nails into. "Bro, are you ok?" he asked Percy seriously. Percy nodded with a slight smile that didn't reach his eyes. Jason forced Percy to look into his eyes. Terrified sea green met the calm sky blue. "Breathe, Perce. You're still hyperventilating," Jason said and placed Percy's palm on his heart. Percy slowly relaxed and looked at Jason, "Thanks man," he said. "Percy, are you really alright?" Jason asked. Percy bit his lip and shook his head in a way that Annabeth couldn't notice. Jason hugged Percy and rubbed his back, "It'll be fine, Percy. You have Annabeth. You'll get through this," he said. "Thanks, Jase," Percy said, pulling away from Jason and laying an arm around Annabeth's waist. "No problem. I'll be there anytime you need me. I just came over to wake you up for breakfast," Jason said. Percy got up so quickly at the mention of food that Annabeth and Jason had to steady him before he fell down from whiplash. "I'm starving. I'll take a shower and be right there," Percy told Jason. Jason didn't hover. He smiled and nodded, giving Percy a bro fist and left. "I'll get ready too," Annabeth said, washing her face in the fountain in the Poseidon cabin and left it. Percy stepped into the shower and contemplated life. He felt that it was so overrated. Ever since his return from Tartarus, his dreams have been plagued by memories and nightmares. It feels like he's back in the hell hole every night and every time he slips back into flashbacks. Percy