Disclaimer: Mr. Potter, Ms. Granger, and all the rest of the characters here belong to JKR. No infringement intended. Author's Note: This story will take an unusual tack in DH-epilogue compliance (mostly) for an H/Hr story. Aside from the prologue, the remaining chapters will show the characters reacting to sudden changes in canon that occurred in the real world, tracing the path of H/Hr from 1997 to 2017. The release of books and movies, interviews with JKR and actors, etc. suddenly shifted elements of the Potterverse over time, and now we get to witness poor Harry and Hermione attempt to deal with such ramifications in real time, as it were. The overall tone is a knowing reflection on H/Hr tropes, though definitely angsty for quite a while. There will also be significant mystery to puzzle out. Be forewarned. Chapters may make homages to various fic genres. No smut. (Sorry.) But definitely suggestiveness, some adult situations, and occasional adult language. Pervasive allusions, periodic fluff, and a good helping of (occasionally OOC) silliness in some chapters. Very little bashing, though. Ron and Ginny are good people whom H/Hr truly do love. Maybe something original will happen here, but this will ultimately be Harmony in the end, through and through. Twelve chapters of grossly varying lengths, including prologue and epilogue. The final chapter of this fic will be released, with an appropriate "harmonious" addendum to the DH epilogue, on Epilogue Day, September 1, 2017. AUTHOR'S WARNING: After several chapters have been published, there have now been a few reader reactions that are upset about H/G and R/Hr being in this story. Please read the note above. This story is DH-EPILOGUE COMPLIANT . (Well, sort of; I can't explain that more.) That means the H/Hr path is not going to be easy or straightforward, though it will (and must) happen. Those who don't want to read an angst-filled fic that unfolds over decades and will have to get messy at some point should consider themselves warned. You might like the prologue, but it's going to be tough for a while after that. Fundamental Compatibility "The course of true love never did run smooth." – A Midsummer Night's Dream Prologue: Surprises The Wilderness, sometime before Christmas 1997 She had cried herself to sleep last night. Again. Harry didn't know how much longer he could take it, separated from one best friend and forced to view the other grieving day and night. As he walked through the brisk morning air, he could feel the weight upon his chest. We're almost out of supplies. We need some proper food. His hunger temporarily drew his thoughts away from their situation, away from her . A branch broke under his foot and startled him. He stopped for a second and watched his breath fog out in front of his mouth. Merlin's beard, it was cold. He had held her last night through her sobs, for the first time comforting her private grief in the days since Ron left. He knew she had been trying to hide it from him, to be strong for him, but he couldn't stand by anymore. They had perhaps both found a little solace in that closeness. Harry was at first proud that she had chosen to stay with him, but they needed to move past this phase, to move on. To what? An unbidden thought threatened to break through and was rapidly suppressed. He didn't know. But he was constantly aware of the woods around them, silently watching them. Someone , he thought , was surely out there . He never found any evidence. We need to move on . The small Muggle village arose in front of him as he crested the hill. With his wand, Harry transfigured a few galleons into Muggle money before descending to the local pub. The sky was gray and foreboding, but he guessed it must be nearly noon. "What can I get fer ya?" the barman asked with a small smile, though Harry could sense a bit of wariness. They must not see many strangers here . Two men sat by themselves farther down the bar, each nursing a dark beer. "Ploughman's lunch. And some chips." He felt ravenous and didn't think he'd do well on the hike back without eating something first. "Be out in a minute." The barkeep disappeared and Harry could hear shouting coming from the kitchen. He was a bit surprised when he made out what sounded like an American accent. As he glanced toward the kitchen door, Harry also eyed the man closest to him. Dressed in a long leather coat, he had a slight bulge on his back near the waistline. Harry didn't want to think what that might be or what type of characters patronized this pub in the middle of the day. The food arrived swiftly: first the cold lunch, and an enormous basket of chips two minutes later. Harry gobbled everything down greedily, enjoying the warm chips even though they were a bit too greasy for his liking. After the bitter cold on his walk, he was finally starting to feel alive again. "Out here alone?" the man asked from a few seats down. "Uh, no," Harry replied uncomfortably. "I'm, uh, camping with a friend." What was the chance that a wizard would be in a Muggle pub like this, in the middle of nowhere? Probably near zero. Harry relaxed slightly. "She... wasn't awake yet, so I came here for a bit of lunch." "Oh, I see..." The man's eyes brightened. "No," Harry clarified, "it's not like that . We're just friends... very good friends." But to be honest, that wasn't really true anymore, was it? His mind raced. Holding her last night, he couldn't stop looking at her. His eyes had fallen to her lips too many times as he brushed away her tears. Why couldn't he stop? She was Ron's . Even though Harry had pulled away from Ginny recently for the War, they hadn't officially ended it for good. Obviously he cared deeply for her, but he didn't know what to think of her right now. Hermione, though? She was with Ron. That much was clear to him. And he could never do anything to hurt Ron so much, even after he had abandoned them. The man sidled down the bar, dragging his beer with him. He sat next to Harry. "I can see there's something else in your eyes, though. It's okay to admit it." Harry couldn't believe he was confiding to a random Muggle at a bar. "I just... she's..." Finally, he just blurted out, "Well, she's everything to me. She's my best friend, and right now..." She stayed with me. With me. "The desserts are really good here. Homemade." "What?" Harry was startled from his thoughts. He stared at the man in utter confusion. He chuckled. "I'm only saying – If she's as hungry as you clearly are, don't forget to bring her something lovely as a treat. She'll thank you for it. Believe me." He gave Harry a wink, though something seemed off. The man reminded him of someone, and he had a bearing that didn't fit his appearance. More mannered, more regal. "Erm, thanks," Harry muttered. The barman appeared and cleared his plates. "What do you have in the way of desserts that I could take with me?" A list was recited for him, and Harry decided he'd just take an entire pie. They could use a treat. The barman frowned at Harry's request, but said nothing. After a few minutes he returned and placed the pie beside the register. "Don't get much call for this sort o' thing 'round here. Don't know why Chad there in the kitchen keeps making 'em, somethin' about his dear mother's recipe. Just give me a moment, and I'll wrap it up fer ya." He turned to go into the back again. At that moment, a soft jingle magnified into a loud clang as a metal object hit the floor beside Harry. He dropped to one knee to retrieve a pair of handcuffs, briefly staring at them in wonder before rising and handing them back to his lunch companion. The man nodded in awkward gratitude. That was it , thought Harry. The bulge, the handcuffs, the slightly strange demeanor. He must be a law enforcement officer under cover . It seemed unusual for him to be carrying a gun, though. Perhaps he was part of some special unit. Harry didn't really know much about the organization of Muggle law enforcement agencies, aside from what he had gleaned from a few stolen moments of movies Uncle Vernon used to watch. "All set," the barman announced. Harry settled the bill for his lunch and took the dessert with him. Before leaving, he asked the barman for a shop that might carry a larger stock of supplies and was directed down the street. As he headed to the door of the pub, he turned once more to his lunch companion and nodded, holding up the pie in gratitude. The man smiled wanly, and Harry detected the slight trace of a sneer, but immediately dismissed it as he entered the frigid air once more. "Don't ever do that again, Harry Potter!" Hermione smacked him on the head with a small book, accentuating every word. "I had no idea where you were! You could've been killed." "I left a note." "'OUT TO LUNCH'?!" she roared. "Yes, Harry, that's a perfect description of what's transpired here." "I'm sorry." "I just... I just..." and he could see the water pooling in her eyes. I just thought I was all alone. Oh, please no , Harry thought mournfully. He had not wanted to upset her. Anything but that . "Hermione. I'm really, truly sorry. I... well, we haven't eaten properly in a few days. You haven't been sleeping, and when you finally were, I just couldn't stand to disturb you. Look, I've brought back loads of food to keep us supplied for weeks." Hermione finally calmed down enough to look over the items Harry had started to remove from her magical bag before she had attacked him. Hunger got the best of her too, and she began nibbling on some fruit as she tore open a large package of wrapped cheese. Harry couldn't help noticing the tiny bit of juice on her mouth as she chewed, before her tongue emerged to lightly lick her lips. Delightfully licking them , Harry thought. Stop it! Thank god I didn't bring back bananas. Oh Merlin. She had stopped chewing. "What?" Harry was startled from his thoughts. "Umm, er, what?" he echoed. "You had this funny look on your face." He was staring at me. At my mouth. Was he disgusted by my eating habits? "Sorry. I just was thinking..." About last night. About you in my arms. "We need to move on. It's not safe here." Tears welled up in her eyes again. He knew this would happen. Moving on meant that there was even less of a chance that Ron would be able to find them. He walked over and placed a hand on her shoulder. She shuddered a bit at the contact as her breath caught in her throat. "I know, Hermione. We'll figure this out. It's us, right? Together. Always?" She met his eyes. Always. Please Harry, mean that the way it sounds. Just take me in your arms and hold me. He looked confused. She bowed her down again, raising her hand and placing it upon the one already on her shoulder. "You know I will never leave you, Harry." I can't hurt Ron, but something had changed in the past days between us, hadn't it? She had caught him staring at her a few times before they changed watch. At first, she saw concern in his eyes, but something different was there now. Something darker. It wasn't until just now that she had allowed thoughts about it to surface. Harry