I was three years old when my father was murdered in front of me. I don't want pity or anything like that. I was strong and no matter what anyone said about children of Aphrodite, I was strong. I didn't know I was a child of Aphrodite at the time. After dad died I was sent to live with my grandfather. I was traumatised but I did my best to suppress the memories of a monster tearing out my father's guts to sell them on the black market. She wasn't human. Or at least she didn't have humanity. Who kills a man for his organs? My grandfather was kind to me. His wife had died giving birth to my father and he never remarried. He was a kind man who taught me to always give back. We would volunteer in homeless shelters and he would read to me and other orphaned children at local libraries. He claimed that it would be what grandma would have wanted. She always loved children and making people smile. I liked making people smile too. I liked feeling the joy they felt. I could always feel emotions. At first it was mostly love and lust and sometimes darker emotions if they were strong enough but by the time I was five I could feel all emotions no matter how little. I hated it. Mostly because it was my grandfather's death that caused me to learn this new ability. He was killed in a car crash on the way to pick me up from soccer practice. It had hurt a lot. My heart felt like it had a gaping hole in it. A hole that will never be filled. After that a nice man named Holland came to pick me up. He was young and he called himself a satyr. He took me to a camp where I met a man named Chiron. I was there for a couple of hours when they announced that I was the son of Aphrodite. Everyone kept giving me pitied looks and I hated it. Chiron said I was too young to be here which leads me to this moment. I waited while Chiron spoke to a dark haired man. He was a little creepy and I could feel darkness in his heart. It was different than other people's darkness though. He had been hurt badly before. Hurt in a way that would never heal. There was a bright and warm layer surrounding him that held in the darkness. It felt nice and was filled with love. I could tell he treasured it more than anything. It was beautiful. Slowly I got up and crept towards them. I kept myself hidden behind the door. "Please Nico. Just for a month. If it doesn't work out I'll ask someone else. You're the only one who really knows what the boy went through. He lost everyone important to him and he needs a family. You know what that's like." The man, Nico, sighed. "It's not just my decision though. I have to talk this through with Will and the boys. I can't just take him home." "Please, they'll understand. This boy is special. He can feel emotions and this camp is filled with negative ones. Will can help him control it but him staying here is hurting him. He's gotten paler and he won't eat or talk to anyone." Chiron begged. I frowned. I didn't notice it before but I guess I was pretty hungry. My chest was also hurting more than normal. I just thought it was from missing my grandfather but it did feel different. I missed my grandfather more than anything. I just wanted him back. I sat on the ground and buried my head in my knees. Nico groaned. "Fine. I'll take him. Will would probably kill me if I didn't. Where is he?" "In the back room sleeping on the couch." I gasped and quickly sprang up. I ran to the couch and lied down on it. I turned away from the door and closed my eyes. "He's small." Nico commented. "He's a good kid." Chiron said softly. "I think you and Will will really like him." I felt cool hands turn me gently and lift me up. It seemed like this man knew how to handle children pretty well. I blinked my eyes open and came face to face with a olive colored neck and soft black hair. The man smelled nice. "Shouldn't you wake him?" Chiron asked. "No, shadow travelling is scary. Besides, I would like to explain it to Will first. He should be the first person he sees. I might scare him." "I see your self confidence hasn't improved much." "I have to go. I promised my father I would see him and I would like to return home before he wakes up." Nico mumbled. The scariest thing happened next. I felt like I was falling and everything felt so dark and cold. I hated it. I gripped onto Nico tightly and squeezed him. I felt a little disoriented when we landed. "So you were awake." Nico said softly. I gasped and looked at him guiltily. He shifted me so my head was buried in his neck. "My father can be a little terrifying. Keep your head down." Nico commented as he walked. We ended up entering a room. I kept my eyes shut so I couldn't see it. It seemed big and cold though. Nico spoke to a man with a low voice in a foreign tongue for a long time. His grip on me tightening every couple of minutes. Finally he bid the man goodbye and a soft whoosh sounded. "He's gone." I opened my eyes as he put me down on the floor. The room was dark and I couldn't say I liked it here very much. "It's late. You must be hungry." Nico said motioning with his hands. Instantly a couple of skeletons with food appeared. We sat on the rug in the middle of the floor and ate silently. I looked at the man more closely. He was rather handsome and fit. He had shaggy black hair that was tied into a messy ponytail. He wore all black and grey and the only spark of color on him was a bright golden ring on his ring finger. On his wrist was a tattoo of a sun with the letters 'L', 'O', 'V', 'E' sketched into it. "My name is Nico, what's your name?" I blinked up at him. "Owen." Nico smiled. It was a genuine smile. He seemed like one of those people who didn't offer his heart to everyone but those he did he loved unconditionally. He was offering me a place in his heart whether he was aware of it or not. "Are you married?" I pointed to his ring. Nico took a phone out of his pocket. He scrolled through for a moment before showing me a picture of him and a blond man taking a selfie. Nico looked a little red but they both looked so happy. "His name is Will. He's a son of Apollo." "He's pretty," I smiled at him. "He's very pretty." Nico agreed. "We've been married for about 5 years now." "I'm five years old." I told him. Nico laughed which surprised me since he didn't seem like the kind of person to laugh so carefreely. He probably wasn't at one time but something changed him. "Is he nice? Do you think he'll like me?" I asked shyly. I wasn't sure why I asked since I didn't know the man very well. I still wanted nothing more than to return to my grandfather but something about this man interested me. His emotions were so pure. More pure than anyone else's. No matter how much he tried to lie to himself he always knew what he was feeling. He was a lot like me. Nico took his phone back and scrolled to a second photo. This one had two green eyed blond boys with matching grins. "These are my sons. They're seven years old. The one on the right is Adrian and the other is Nathaneal." "They don't look like you very much." I said confused. I thought children were supposed to look like their parents. I look like my father. These boys look a little like Will but the resemblance ended at their bright blond hair. It wasn't even the same shade of blond. "Of course not. Will and I can't have kids together so we adopted them. They were brought to camp by a satyr and were announced as children of Poseidon. They were three years old though so Chiron asked us to take care of them." "Like me?" I asked. Nico nodded. "Like you." I thought for a second. "Why can't you have kids? Grandpa said that some people are infertile like our old neighbor Mrs Jackie." Nico shook his head. "Nothing like that. It's just two men cannot create a child together. I mean they'll probably figure out a way in the future but that's besides the point. Only a man and a woman can create a child together. Unless you're a god because they defy logic." I giggled at that. Nico made me feel better. My heart already stopped hurting. "Ready to go?" he asked. I nodded and took his hand as skeletons cleaned up our mess. He lifted me up and told me to close my eyes and hold on tight. Soon we were in darkness again. It wasn't as bad this time. Nico protected me with positive emotions. We appeared in front of a large mansion like house with a large black gate and big front yard. "You live here?" I gasped. Nico nodded. "It was a wedding present from my father. It was a bit much but I know he was just trying to make up for being a bad father. He did scare the previous residence by making the house haunted and driving the price so far down it was in Will and my range. Then he gave me a ridiculous raise." "Do you work for your dad?" I asked as he put me down. "You're a pretty sharp kid. Yes I do." Nico told me as he took my hand. We walked into the house slowly and I was hit by how friendly and warm the atmosphere was. "I'm home!" he called. Soon there was soft running sounds and one of the blond boys appeared. He was dressed in apron and was covered in flour. "Papa! We're in the kitchen! Nathan and I are making cookies!" the boy said proudly. "Is that what you're calling these?" a deeper voice chuckled. It was warm though and made me feel less anxious about this. Adrian pouted and ran back to the kitchen. There was some lighthearted banter. Nico kneeled down and helped me take my shoes and coat off. He lifted me back up and hesitated. "Um, Will. Can I talk to you for a second?" he asked loudly. "Can it wait? I'm in the middle of making dinner and monitoring your kids." Will called back. "We're your kids too daddy!" one of the boys giggled. "Well, it's pretty important," Nico said carrying me to the kitchen. I saw two little boys rolling out some dough on a table, there was some cookie cutters next to them. At the oven was a tall blond man. "What's so important that it can't wait until-oh." he turned around and spotted me, "Nico, please tell me you didn't kidnap a child." Nico looked scared and worried. I didn't like how scared he looked. I rolled out of his arms and walked up to Will. I glared at him and stepped on his foot. "Don't be mean to Nico! He's a nice person and even though he looks a little scary he isn't!" I yelled at him. I don't know what came over me but I didn't