Far Side of the Moon Story Summary: Edward Masen is a National Hero. He's a successful Gemini and Apollo astronaut and a loving husband and father. With the moon finally within his reach, Edward becomes the commander of Apollo 18, but a series of mishaps, malfunctions, and miscalculations leave Edward and his crew struggling to get home. Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This was originally an Age of Edward entry about a fictitious Apollo mission, but it didn't get finished in time, and was way too long, so I worked on this from time to time, and have finally finished it. There are two periods of history that I love more than any others; those are the Civil War era (I promise to finish 'Till I Come Marching Home' eventually) and the 'Space Race.' The Apollo missions were always something I loved and Apollo 13 is one of my favorite movies. This is what happens when I bought From the Earth to the Moon. Hope you enjoy this little one. ~FSotM~ Edward Masen Jr. was always ambitious. He was much like his father, Edward Masen Sr., in the fact that he didn't simply want things for himself, he made them happen. That drive had made Edward Sr. one of the best attorneys in Illinois, and when his son looked up at the sky and told his father he wanted to go up there, he simply told him to work for it. Twelve years later, Edward Jr.'s determination had earned him high marks and with his father's political ties, an appointment to the Naval Academy. It was in the weeks leading up to the start of his freshman year that Edward Sr. had arranged a trip out to the Naval Air Station Pax River in Maryland through an old friend, that things changed. Their illness had come on quickly, and there was little that could have been done to save them once the meningitis had taken its hold on them. By the time the doctors had contacted Edward Sr.'s office and his secretary had tracked down someone who could get her in contact with Edward, too much time had passed. Edward made it home in time to say good-bye to his mother, his father having succumbed to his maladies while he was traveling home. In a decision far beyond his eighteen years, Edward buried his parents, kept on his parents' housekeeper to look after the house while he was in school, and wrapped up his family's affairs in time to move in at the Naval Academy on time. His mechanical engineering degree and high scores got him into officer candidate school and from there into the aviation program. Edward continued to push himself until he was a Navy test pilot, eyeing what many in his position were candidates for. Edward was going to be a NASA astronaut. While there were others that had been there longer, Edward had proven that he was one of the finest aviators they had, and was selected as part of the 1963 NASA Group, just four years after graduating from the Academy. With the permanent move to Houston to be closer to the Manned Spacecraft Center, Edward sold his parents' home in Chicago and bought a small home, knowing that he would spend plenty of time away from it. For the three years between his selection to be an astronaut and his first mission as the pilot of Gemini Twelve, Edward kept his nose to the grindstone and was rewarded for that work with the promise of a go at the moon on one of the Apollo missions, just like his best friend Jasper Whitlock had after his Gemini mission. As he was in his final preparations for the Gemini Twelve launch, the newest crop of astronauts arrived and it was at this time that he met the man that would change his life, Emmett Swan. The newest men selected by NASA endeavored to learn from the men who had paved the way for them to expand the program, those that they would be working beside in the coming years. So as the Gemini Twelve mission launched, the new brood planned a party to celebrate the end of the Gemini Program and the start of the Apollo Missions. After performing his record-setting five and a half hour spacewalk, Edward returned to Earth ready to let off some steam. Upon arriving in Houston, Edward and Carlisle Cullen, the Commander of Gemini Twelve, went to Manned Spacecraft Center to be debriefed before Esme Cullen picked up the pair to drive them to the party. "So, what hotel ballroom did they find to host this party at?" Edward asked as he rolled his neck, desperate to work out any kinks. "It isn't at a hotel. It seems that a few of these young bloods have won over Jasper because he offered them the use of his house as long as they did all the work," Esme explained and Carlisle barked out a laugh. "I'm sure Alice loved it when she heard that." Edward snorted, knowing full well that his best friend's wife was probably ready to castrate him. She was seven months pregnant, if Edward's math was right, and probably not in the mood for a bunch of yahoos to be in her house. "I feel sorry for the first one to break something." "With all the skirts that are going to be there chasing you, I may have distract her so that Lizzie will be able to remember her godfather," Esme teased Edward as they continued the journey. Elizabeth Cullen was Carlisle and Esme's youngest, and they'd asked Edward and one of Esme's friends to be the godparents when she was born eighteen months ago. The fact that she had the same name as his mother solidified it for Esme as fate, even though they'd already asked him when they discovered the coincidence. The remainder of the drive passed in quiet conversation before they pulled up to the house with the music playing and the long line of cars parked along the street. "Christ, what did Rina bring her whole damn family?" Edward muttered as he noticed the familiar corvettes that belonged to the Denali sisters. "Why should that bother you?" Carlisle asked. "Rina never gave you the time of day and Kat fell on Garrett's sword the minute she met him." "Carlisle Joseph Cullen, someday some punk is gonna talk about your daughter that way?" Esme chastised him, but Edward jumped in. "They better not, because my Lizzie isn't going to be chasing after peckers like these Loosies do." Edward smirked, but the sound of Tanny's voice made him cringe. "Don't dip your stick in that can of oil, it might rust off," Carlisle muttered in passing as they approached the house. "Eddie, I was wondering when you were going to get here," Tanny whined. "I did just get off a mission, Tanny. Now, why don't you find one of these poor chumps that don't know all about how you chase after anyone in a flight suit." Edward walked into the house and was immediately grabbed by Larry French. "For what it's worth, Rina didn't tell her sister, Kat let it slip when Garrett told her." "I was a little harsh outside, but after the mission I just came off, I am not in the mood for Tanny Denali," Edward remarked as her sisters approached. Both women gave Edward a hug and welcomed him home after his latest mission. The astronauts lived relatively close either in proximity, or in their social circles. There was a lot that most people wouldn't get, so to have a large group that understood what their comrades were going through, and to have the wives and kids to keep each other safe and sane when it was their man's turn to blast off was invaluable. Edward was the last bachelor of the 1963 NASA group, and that seemed to be why he drew so much attention, but with the latest crop of flyboys coming to try and get themselves in space, it took a little of the pressure off of him. "Edward, come over here and meet some of the guys," Garrett called from the kitchen, and Edward excused himself to get a drink and meet the men that his training had kept him from getting to know too well in the last few months. Nineteen men were in this most recent group of astronauts, and seven of them were hanging around in the kitchen as he walked over. "Edward," Garrett McCoy began his introductions, "this is Embry Call, Mike Newton, Emmett Swan, Jared Cameron, Seth Clearwater, Ben Cheney, and Austin Marks. Guys, this is Edward Masen, he's the man you all want to be." "Shut up, McCoy," Edward teased. "It's nice to meet you all, now who can get me a beer?" The guys joked around for a while drinking and carrying on until Edward caught sight of a pretty little thing in a teal and black chevron mini dress. "Bella, there you are," Emmett Swan called to the girl Edward was eyeing. She walked over and he pulled the petite girl into his side. "Bella, this is Edward Masen. Edward, this is my kid sister, Bella Swan." "Nice to meet you, Miss," Edward said as he looked into her warm brown eyes. "Call me, Bella, Mr. Masen," Bella told him. "It's Edward, and why don't I introduce you to some of the others, maybe help you figure out which of the wives are worth getting to know," Edward offered, and Bella took him up on it. Keeping his promise, they talked to Rina and Kat, along with Esme and Alice, who seemed to have her husband glued to her hip that night. After a little while, they headed upstairs so they could talk in a little more privacy, but it seemed that neither of them was in much mood to talk. "Isn't it scary going outside the ship? I don't know if I could handle the nerves," Bella said as they sat on the window seat at the end of the hallway on the second floor of the house. "That's one of the things that make us who we are, Bella, we look fear in the eye and do it anyway. I spent three-hundred and thirty minutes out in the vacuum of space, and tonight I'm sitting here looking at you." "I'm sure what you saw up there makes this pale in comparison," Bella murmured. "No, seeing that makes you look that much more beautiful, and this little dress is practically begging me to…" Edward trailed off, his fingers grazing the fabric near the hem. "There's no need to beg, Edward, I'm yours if you want me." Edward took her up on the invitation, sweeping her into his arms and finding the nearest room. He was happy to discover a daybed close to the door and deposited Bella on it as he worked to pull his polo over his head and kick off his shoes at the same time. Bella drank in the sight of him stripping before her, his pants falling to the floor as he joined her on the bed. "You're a little overdressed, Beauty," Edward whispered as he reached to find the fabric again and pull it over her head. She wasn't wearing much under that dress, and Edward was pleased to see it. They removed their remaining garments and Edward slid over her on the tiny bed, and thrust deep inside her. Edward kissed her as he slowly began to move, working hard to make it good for her. He traced her body, working her over until she responded to him in time. She