This is my first fanfiction ever, so reviews would be very helpful. I don't mind people pointing out flaws (and there will be some, I'm posting without a beta), but I don't want to hear about how horrible it is. No flames, please. Disclaimer: anything that you recognise from LOTR belongs to Tolkien. I do, however, claim the rights to my characters and the race of NightSong elves. I played around with the history of the werewolves, just a little bit, so that it fit my story, 'cause Tolkien did not leave any room for good werewolves, or breeds. Also, I am quite unfamiliar with most of Tolkien's characters, especially Glorfindel. If I messed up, help me un-mess up, please. "This is someone talking out loud."-" This is someone speaking telepathically."-This is someone thinking. Chapter 1 Western edge of Mirkwood, nearing the edge of the Misty Mountain range Rain fell in heavy sheets from the dark sky; the occasional flash of lightning illuminated the tops of the trees, but provided no light under the thick canopy of the ancient oaks, pines and maples. The icy wind howled, carrying the screams of orcs as they swarmed beneath the sighing boughs. A black and silver she-wolf, abnormally tall and lithely shaped, paced just ahead of the enraged pack. She dashed and wove, turning right and left, trying to find a way to bypass the mob, but every time she got near the flanks, the orcs would shoot a few arrows at her, and turn her back to their path. Some of the arrows struck home, and each one brought a cry of pain from the beautiful creature, as she threw her head back and up, her legs skittering, but never breaking pace. She knew with her whole body that if she were to turn back and face the hordes, she would not survive. So she raced on, as fast as her weary legs could run, sometimes leaping over obstacles, or turning to look over her shoulder at the approaching enemy. The orcs turned, angling the hunt towards a gorge. The sound of running water reached long, pointed ears as they neared the river, the name of which she knew only later, though the scent was familiar to her. The wolf skidded to a stop a few feet from the edge, and glanced around. The canyon was too wide even for her to jump across, and the orcs pressed in on the sides to prevent her from running alongside the river. The water itself was deep but full of large boulders. The cliffs were shear and devoid of any ledges or out-crops. The orcs poured through the trees, stomping saplings and breaking low branches. The she-wolf whined through her nose, high and whistley, to hear the trees crying their pain to any who would listen. As the orcs moved in closer, they drew their weapons and started shouting obscenities. The she-wolf snarled, swinging her head back and forth, thick hackles raised and tail puffed, glaring her hatred at the monstrosities. Surrounded on three sides by orcs and to the back by a large, water-filled canyon, she had nowhere to go. She stood tall, not cowering, and pricked her ears forward. She bared her teeth further, the full five and a half inches showing through midnight blue gums. Her eyes glinted with angry metallic fire. Only the quiver in her unusually long and dexterous tail gave away her fear and exhaustion. Her rumbling snarl made the thunder sound weak, to the orcs at least. They were not expecting their quarry to have such a change of heart. Somewhat wary, the orcs made a hasty change of plans. They ushered the archers to the front lines, and on the leaders command they, all twenty three that were left, drew and knocked an arrow. The orc leader, a large Uruk-Hai with an old scar slashing through the place where his left eye had been, stared lopsidedly into the wolf's pupil less, swirling copper eyes as he gave the command to aim. At the harsh word, the she-wolf laid her ears back and lowered her lips a little bit. The orcs weren't the only ones who could have a change of plan. She glanced quickly around. It was the only warning the orcs got before she leaped. Off the edge of the ravine. The Uruk shouted "Fire!" as soon as her feet left the ground, but the only reward the orcs got was a muffled thump and a pained yelp as the huge black creature disappeared over the side of the cliff. They all rushed to the edge to see if it was still alive, but in those few seconds, the wolf was swept downstream, out of bow range, and the disappointed orcs could see the she-wolf swimming in a cloud of bloody, vibrant blue-purple water, heading towards a no-go place that any orc in its right mind knew to avoid: Rivendell, one of the last havens of the elves. The wolf swam for hours, the rain and river making it hard for her to hear when the rocks would rear out of the water. As a result, she got jostled quite badly. Evert time she crashed into one of the large stones, arrows would drive in deeper and snap, leaving the poor animal crying and gasping, and choking on water. Eventually, the river grew calmer, and the rocks fewer. When her feebly churning paws reached the bottom of the riverbed at the Bruinen ford, she could barely drag herself out of the water. Her sodden fur hung heavy on her, the water running off cobalt blue from the arrow wounds to her neck, abdomen, haunches and shoulders. Her slender frame was wracked with shivers and she stumbled away from the river. She had escaped the orcs, but she wasn't out of danger yet. Her only hope lay with the elves. She limped slowly, painfully up the path to Rivendell. Dawn was not far off, and a warm wind made her feel un-naturally sleepy. When she reached the slender elf-bridge that spanned a deep, rocky stream bed, she paused for a moment to gather her strength before dashing across. The effort left her panting, which turned to hacking as she walked on towards the city that stood glistening, to her eyes, in the pale, pre-dawn light. The sun was just cresting the peaks, touching the broken up clouds with pale purple and gold and rose pink when the wolf finally collapsed with a whimper to the smooth cobblestones outside the pearly gates. It was only moments later that the Twins, who had come to open the gates, first found her lying there, bleeding all over their doorstep. "Lord Elrond, come quickly! Your medical assistance is urgently needed!" Identical twins Eladan and Elrohir charged through the door to their fathers' library. Elrond looked up from his book quickly. "Where? What is wrong?" he said urgently, his ageless face showing alarm and concern. It was only just sunrise, and someone had hurt himself badly already? He hoped it wasn't an omen for what the rest of his day would look like. "The outer gate," Elrohir said hurriedly. "Please hurry, Adar!" Eladan finished for his twin. "It's an emergency!" they both yelled over their shoulders as they dashed back down the hall to find Glorfindel and the other healers. Elrond rushed to get the medical kit from the desk across the room, quickly dog-earing his page. It was an unspoken agreement between the three, if the twins used the word 'emergency' in a sentence, then it really was an emergency. His robes and hair fluttered out behind him as he dashed down the hall towards the gate. Elrond skidded to a stop in surprise just around the bend of the gate. Lying on its side in a slowly spreading pool of its own strange blood, barely breathing except to make a high pitched whine of canine agony, was the single largest wolf Elrond Half-Elven had ever seen. Larger even than the wargs that the goblins sometimes rode, the beast in front of him was easily as big as one of the largest horses in the stable. It was far more beautiful than any warg either, with silver tipped ebony fur covering it thickly, particularly around the neck, back and tail. It was proportioned oddly too, with big, slanted eyes, a long, tapered and sharply pointed snout, large ears, long, slender legs, a body shaped more like a racing hound than a wolf, and a tail like a very furry cats. It was clearly alive, but fading fast. The in-breaths it took grated and rattled, clearly full of fluid, and watery blue-purple blood trickled from its nose and mouth. Its fur was damp from being in the river, but oddly enough, there were fresh tear tracks flattening the fur of its cheeks, a totally unheard-of trait in any of the Less-Sentient races. Elrond snapped himself out of his shock. In three quick strides, he was beside the animals head, which was nearly as wide as his shoulders. Its eyes followed his movements blearily, as though it could not see, but wanted to desperately. He knelt by the beasts neck, placing a comforting hand on the powerful shoulder and whispering soothing nothings to it. He ran his hands over the long front legs, feeling for breaks or sprains. He knew very well that there were many worse and more serious wounds that needed urgent attention, but they would have to go elsewhere to treat them. He needed to see if the wolf could walk at all. To his dismay, the right foreleg was shattered in at least three places. When Elrond gently touched the fractures, the wolf cried. " No! Do not touch! Too much pain!" Elrond jumped. She (her voice was unmistakeably female) had spoken with telepathy, strait to his mind. It was an almost unheard of trait, even among the elves. She hadn't spoken like that in a long time, either, for her sentences were un-formed. The twins arrived, trailing Glorfindel and three healers and apprentices. They all had expressions of shock on their face, Glorfindel's likely the greatest. "Werewolf," he whispered, shaking his blonde head. "I thought they were all gone." "Werewolf?" Elrond turned to face them, standing up as he did so. "Be wary, my lord," Glorfindel shifted forward and to the side, circling to the she-wolfs back. "They are extremely aggressive." "And horribly wounded. Relax, friend, and help me move her." The healers, and the apprentice, rushed to unfold a large tarp. They talked softly to themselves as they worked, about Glorfindel's reaction to the 'werewolf', whatever that meant. Once the tarp was spread and strung between two long poles, all seven elves dragged the she-wolf to the blankets laid out in the middle, to provide support. As Glorfindel warned Elrond, she weighed very little, no more than a solidly built human. She was long, though, so even when the elves hefted the poles onto their shoulders, her head, tail and hind feet were nearly dragging the ground. (three days later, dusk, the healing houses) "So, what makes a werewolf, a werewolf?" Elrond finally asked Glorfindel. For all his vast knowledge, it appeared that there were holes, and he felt compelled to fill them. "Hmm," Glorfindel said distractedly, and he looked up from his seat by the fireplace, lifting his chin from his hand and meeting Elrond's eyes. "I don't understand the question. Do you want to know how they were born? Or what sets them apart the other races?" Elrond nodded his head thoughtfully, and then said, "Both. I want to know all that you know." So Glorfindel went on to tell the story of the werewolves, explaining that in the first Age of Sun, there came a race of tortured spirits who were the thralls of Melkor. He was not sure whether they were Maiar spirits who once served Melkor in Utumno and were shorn