Pretence Summary: Glorfindel had unwanted suitors. Erestor was the only one he could ask for help. Glorfindel/Erestor Slash Genre: Romance, Humor Paring: Glorfindel / Erestor Rated: PG-13 Disclaimer: Standard disclaimer applied . . . Feasts in Rivendell were always the best in Middle-Earth, (Just won't mention this to Thranduil, and you'd be safe.) especially Mid-Winter feast where would be the warm atmosphere in the Hall of Fire, including abundant foods and beverages, music and stories played by the head minstrel and his band, and merry companions from every corner of the land. This year, there were guests from Loth Lorian, Greenwood and even the Grey Heaven joining the party. "We are glad that you can come to join us this year." Elrond spoke to Lord Cirdan when they were sitting side by side at the head of the dining table. "Thank you, Elrond, for your hospitality." Cirdan smiled widely. "I haven't been in Imladris since the day I l brought Glorfindel here decades ago. How's everything?" "Glorfindel helps us a lot. I'm glad you brought him here." "Is he happy? Does he have a lover? He was restless when he first came to this shore." Cirdan was concerned about his friend. "I think he's happy here. Even though, sometimes he's a target of the twins' pranks or sometimes he has quarrels with my chief counselor, I think he's fine." "Speaking of your chief counselor, where's Erestor?" "He must be in the hall of fire, preparing tonight feast." Elrond replied. "By the way, it looks like your niece and nephew are close with Glorfindel." "Ah, they knew Glorfindel when he arrived in this shore. They asked me to come here too." Glorfindel sat between two elves who were chatting with the captain enthusiastically. Glorfindel had to turn his head left and right to listen to them. He felt dizzy now. "Doesn't it look like your niece and nephew trying to get Glorfindel's attention?" Elrond raised his eyebrow. "I think so." Cirdan massaged his temple in despair. "It seems like Glorfindel is now having been courted not only by one but two elves." "This is interesting." Elrond smirked. "Yes, it is." . . . "Erestor!" Erestor was startled when the voice called him loudly; especially he knew too well that it would come with trouble. HE always came with trouble. "Erestor, please help me!" Erestor tried to ignore him. "Don't ignore me! I really need your help!" Glorfindel pleaded. "What is it this time?" Erestor sighed. "Be my lover!" Glorfindel was on his knee, his hands holding together in front of the counselor. "What!?" "Be my lover!" Glorfindel repeated. "Is this your way to ask for someone affection? I think you need new tactic though." Erestor's heart beat too fast for his own liking. 'Calm down, you fool.' He told himself. "Just pretend we were lovers, please." Glorfindel said. "Explain." Erestor put his hands on his hips in annoyance. "Well. You know Cirdan's relatives, Calladrion and Eoriel? I think they like me." "Isn't it good that they like you? It's better than they hate you." Erestor mumbled. "I mean they like me like a lover!" Glorfindel pouted. "I like them, but not like that. They're still elflings in my eyes. Besides, they are siblings! I don't want them to fight over me." "So you came up with the idea; if you already had a lover, they would stop trying to court you." Erestor said. "Exactly! I know I can depend on you." Glorfindel smiled widely. "Ask someone else. I don't have time for your game." Erestor turned to leave, however, he found himself unable to walk since Glorfindel's arms were around his legs, holding him tight. His head rested sideway on his hip. "Fin!" "Please please please! There is no one else! My lover must be someone better than them in age, rank, status and everything to convince them to quit. It's only you!" "No!" "Please!" "No!" Erestor tried to push Glorfindel's head from his hip, but to no avail. Glorfindel was much strong than himself, actually more than everybody in the realm. "Get off me!" "Pleasssssse." "What are you two doing?" A voice from the door made the lords startled. They turned to look at the new comers and found Cirdan's nephew and niece, and the twins looking at them wide eyes. 'Oh Valar!' Erestor moaned. Now Glorfindel was hugging his legs and resting his head on his hip while Erestor's hand was on his head. It just looked like they were having a moment of affection to others' eyes. Besides, the twins were here and they were smirking knowingly right now! "Are we interrupting you, Fin, Restor?" Elladan asked. Glorfindel stood up and put his arm around Erestor's shoulder; ignoring the death glare from the counselor. "Yes, pen-neth." The captain winked at the twins. "Restor is mad at me. He thought I was having an affair. I was telling him I love only him when you came." "Oh, sorry Fin, Restor!" Elrohir looked very sorry. "Don't worry. We'll go discuss our matter in my chambers. Go young ones, have fun." Glorfindel held Erestor's body tighter. "Would you walk with me, or should I carry you?" He whispered into the counselor's ear. "You'll pay for this." Erestor gritted his teeth. "I love you, meleth." He spoke louder and kissed the counselor's temple soundly. "Are they.." Eoriel couldn't complete her sentence. "Yes." Elladan nodded. "H.. How? When?" Calladrion stuttered. "They are together for sometimes now." Elrohir smiled sweetly. "This is not true. I don't believe it." Eoriel shook her head. "They are very odd couple." Elladan shrugged. "They don't show their affection in public, but we know Glorfindel loves our dear counselor so much." "Right." Elrohir seconded his brother. "If you are interested in Glorfindel, I suggest you to look for someone else. He won't have an eye for anyone, but Erestor." "We will see." The Heaven siblings mumbled. . . . "I'm sorry!" Glorfindel was on his knees in front of Erestor's desk in his office; trying to get Erestor's cooperation. "Erestor, I'm really sorry!" "Get out of my sight." Erestor was angry, very angry. "I didn't know what to do!" The captain cried out. "You knew exactly what to do." The counselor glared dagger at his friend. "I'm sorry that I lied to them without your consent. If you help me, I'll do everything you request." "You already said that a dozen times." "Make it the thirteenth! I know you already help me countless times; I really appreciate that. You know that it's only you who can help me. My life depends on you, Erestor, please!" Erestor sighed. "It's a good sigh, right?" "You owe me." Glorfindel jumped to his feet and hugged Erestor happily. "I know I can depend on you! You are the best, Restor!" "Are we interrupting something?" The counselor and the captain looked at the new comers at the door. Cirdan looked at them with curious eyes while Elrond raised his eyebrow skeptically. "Lord Elrond, Lord Cirdan." Erestor tried to stand up, but Glorfindel was still holding him tight. "May I help you?" "We were just wondering where you two are." Cirdan smiled. "The party was started. You two should come to join us." "We will go there in a minute. I have to discuss something with my dear counselor here first." Glorfindel replied. "Alright." Cirdan smirked. "I've heard something from my niece that I want to ask you two; however, I don't need the answer anymore. You two take your time. See you in the hall." Cirdan and Elrond left the office and closed the door behind them. Before he left, Elrond turned to look at his friends. His eyes told them 'we will talk later' clearly. "Get off!" "Why? We are lovers. We should do everything lovers do." Glorfindel laughed but released Erestor from his hug anyway. "We are not lovers. We just pretend to be lovers." Erestor gritted his teeth. "Whatever you do, I'll not deny or accept, but I'll not lie." "That's good enough." Glorfindel grinned. It was like he got a permission to do anything to Erestor. Glorfindel thought. "They are expecting us in the Hall of Fire. Shall we?" Glorfindel offered his hand to the counselor, but got a glare instead. "Practice?" "No." "Come on, Erestor! It'd be fun!" "No." . . . The party went smoothly under the counselor's management. Most elves were enjoying drinking, eating, dancing and some flirting to their interested ones. However, two elves were not happy watching their handsome captain gluing with the boring counselor all night. "Do you believe that?" Calladrion mumbled with his sister. "No." Eoriel knitted her eyebrows. "I still don't believe they are lovers. We must prove that." "How?" "We follow them. If they are not lovers, they would miss something." The siblings watched the counselor and captain leaving the party together after the lords left. They followed them until the captain and counselor reached Erestor's chambers. The older elves were talking for a moment, and then Glorfindel bent his head to kiss Erestor's cheek and pushed the counselor inside his chambers. The siblings looked at each other. "They really looked like a couple." Calladrion said. "I won't give up." Eoriel said. "I must find the truth." "But I'm sleepy now. Besides they are in their room already. I'll not be here all night waiting for them to come out." "But.." "Go back to our rooms, sister. We'll think about what to do tomorrow." "Alright." . . Erestor thought he should have not played along with Glorfindel in this pretence, but it seemed already too late to change his mind. After they left the party together, Glorfindel insisted that he had to walk Erestor to his chambers. When they were already in front of his chambers, the captain glanced back at the path and sighed. "They are following us." The captain shook his head. "I'll have to go in your chambers." "What?" "I'll be inside just only a moment until they're gone." "I don't know why I agree to play along." Erestor gritted his teeth. "Because you have a good heart and willing to help your friend." Glorfindel grinned. Before Erestor could say anything, he felt Glorfindel's lips on his cheek and he was pushed inside his own chambers, followed by the captain who turned to close the door shut. "That's not necessary." Erestor's face was burning. He still felt Glorfindel's lips on his cheek. "Yes it was. They were watching us." Glorfindel said seriously. "Get out!" Erestor could not help himself not to hurt his friend. He kicked Glorfindel's shin very hard. "Ouch!" Glorfindel cried. "What's that for!?" "Get out!" "I can't!" Glorfindel opened the door a little and glanced outside. "They are still there." "Are they going to wait all night?" Erestor was annoying. "It seems so." Glorfindel glanced out again and saw the siblings leaving. "I think they will be there for a while. I have to stay here tonight." "No way!" "Please Erestor. Or what we've done tonight will be in vain. Please." Erestor narrowed his eyes. Glorfindel looked more serious than other times. He sighed in defeat. "You sleep on the couch." The counselor said and walked to his bedroom; leaving the captain in the living room by himself. "That will do, for now." Glorfindel smirked. . . . Erestor woke up instantly when he felt his bed dipped; a small knife in his hand pointing at the intruder's throat. "Woh! Woh!" Glorfindel grabbed the counselor's wrist. "What are you doing!?" Erestor burst out. "Relax!" Glorfindel cried. "It's snowing outside. I'm cold. Could you just share the comfort of your bed?" "You are an elf. You don't feel cold!" Erestor's eyes roamed over his friend's body unintentionally. Glorfindel was bare from his waist up, and only had his pants on. "If you are so cold, why don't you put your cloth on?" Erestor scolded. "It's not comfortable. I can't sleep with my cloth on." Glorfindel pouted.