The Golden Flower and the Butterfly Summary: Glorfindel was fascinated with the dark hair elf, long before they had their first dance. Prequel to "The Dance" in Glorfindel's side of the story. Glorfindel/Erestor. Author: Luthorin Pairing: Glorfindel/Erestor Disclaimer: Standard disclaimer applied Warning: AU, Slash, Character Death Genre: Romance, Angst Rated: PG-13 A/N: I haven't written anything in English for quite a while. Some words or phrases I used may be a bit strange. English is not my first language tho, please be kind. ^_^ - - x x x - - Glorfindel knew that he was not a kind of elf who willingly sat in a meeting and listen to some old advisors' babbling all day. However, he found that nowadays he was enthusiastically waiting to attend every meeting in the court of king Turgon. To clarify it, he found that something, or someone to be exact, had been drawing his attention. Pale skin, which he desired to touch. Long black hair that he supposed would be smooth like silk. Chocolate eyes that made him shiver when looked at him. Red lips, very red lips that he could not imagine how sweet they were. Slender body in black and violet ropes. Smooth voice that felt like a song to him. Alas, a song indeed if he could not catch the meaning of it, which he necessarily had to, because they were rotation planning and military strategies. Above all else, it was the intelligence that made him fascinated the most. Beauty with brain. That was the lord of the house of butterfly, Vilwarin. That was Lord Erestor. Ah, young crush. He felt like a hundred-years-old again. "Glorfindel?" "Uhm" "Glorfindel?" "What?" All eyes in the meeting turned to the golden lord, including the one who was currently explaining the rotation to the attendees. Glorfindel cough the chocolate eyes he obsessed over that stared back at him in annoyance. "I'm sorry. I was just distracted." He smiled apologetically to everyone in the room, except his close friend beside him who was the cause of his interruption. "I will be very appreciated if you can concentrate on this rotation planning lord Glorfindel. It is your direct duty after all." Erestor said. "I am sorry that I am too boring, and could not draw enough attention from you." 'It's the opposite.' Glorfindel thought. "No no no, lord counselor, I apologize. I was actually listening to your explaining and draw some pictures in my head for the area you indicated. I think there are some problems in your plan." "Are there?" Erestor lift his eyebrow doubtfully. "Pray tell." "First of all, the geography in the south is not quite right. Last month, there was a heavy rain storm that caused the banks in both sides of the river to collapse. The straits are now wider. The banks are not stable, and could cause a landslide anytime. It might have changed from last I checked even now." "And this is in the rotation report on... last month? I am certain that I have not read about this incident in any documents." "Uhmm.." Glorfindel was stuttered. "I might have missed to add this information in the report last month. Since there was a ..." "Shut up, Glorfindel" Ecthelion, his closest friend, mumbled while tucking his sleep warning him to stop talking. "Anything else that you miss to mention in your report, my lord?" Erestor asked coldly. "There might be a little more left out, I guess?" Glorfindel confessed. "Then this whole meeting is useless without the precise information." Erestor signed. He did not know how to deal with the golden lord anymore. Glorfindel was brilliant, but something was wrong with him. "Meeting adjourns. I'm apologized my lords, my ladies for your time. I will have to make new planning as soon as I have all information at hand." Everybody in the meeting room mumbled softly. Some glared at Glorfindel with disapproving look. Some left the meeting without a word. Finally, there were only Erestor, Glorfindel and Ecthelion in the room. "What's wrong with you?" Ecthelion asked his friend. "You" "What?" "If you didn't call me in the meeting, it was not going to be like this." "What? You were distracted! What was on your mind? I don't believe it was about the geography!" "Geez, Ecthelion, it's none of your.." His sentence was cut off by a loud shout. "My lords!" Glorfindel and Ecthelion stared at Erestor, mouths hung open and dumbfound. "What are you two? Five?" Erestor put his hands on his hips, annoyance written all over his face. "Could you please close your mouths, you might catch a fly." Both lords snapped their mouth shut. "Good!" "Erestor, he.." Glorfindel began. "I don't care what you were arguing about." Erestor felt like he was disciplining young elflings even though the two lords were several years older than him. "Lord Glorfindel, I need reports which included what you did not mention in your last reports, writings, maps, graphics, everything, by tomorrow. Is it clear?" "But, Erestor.." "Is it clear?" "Yes, my lord" Glorfindel hung his head in defeat. He heard Ecthelion chuckled. He glared at his best friend angrily. "Lord Ecthelion," Ecthelion startled when he heard Erestor's voice calling his name. "Yes, my lord counselor?" Ecthelion's face was paler than usual. It's time for Glorfindel to laugh at his friend. "Did you miss out some information like your companion here?" "Uhm, no, my lord." "Good. Then, excuse me." With that, Erestor nodded his head to the two lords and left without any more word. Glorfindel and Ecthelion watched his retreated form until the dark elf turned the corner before they had courage to speak. "That was intimidating." Ecthelion said. "He is fascinating." Glorfindel signed. "What?" "He is intelligent and so beautiful." Glorfindel said dreamily. "Oh! My!" - - x x x - - "You are desperate, you know that, right?" Ecthelion huffed while he perched on the desk in Glorfindel's study watching his friend writing the reports for the counselor. "I know." Glorfindel muttered. "When did you come to obsesses with him?" Ecthelion asked his friend curiously. These two, Glorfindel and Erestor, had a small chance making acquaintances, let alone lovers. For this he was sure because he was always be by Glorfindel's side. "I don't know. It just did." Glorfindel answered simply. Even though Ecthelion was his best friend, Glorfindel just wanted to keep this memory with himself. First he notices, really noticed Erestor was when he saw him with Idril, the king's daughter, holding a small bundle in his arms, which he found out seconds later that the bundle was a new born baby, Idril's child, Earendil. He looked so calm and so happy holding the baby like he was his own. Even though they had met plenty of times since they were young until now, in the counsel meeting, training field, library, etc., which was the first time Glorfindel truly saw him. After that day, Glorfindel found that he often saw Erestor in many places. He loved watching the dark elf when he was with small children especially Earendil. The cold sharp advisor in the meeting miraculously turned into the kind-hearted babysitter with the boy. Glorfindel's heart was captured unknowingly by this elf. There's Not A Thing That I Can Point To 'cause It's Every Little Thing You Do Don't Ask Why Let's Just Feel What We Feel 'cause Sometimes It's The Secret That Keeps It Alive "You are a love fool." "If you want to be here just for criticizing me, could you please go away. Leave me alone. Or if you want to help your dearest friend, take a seat and help me with the reports." Glorfindel said. "Alright." Ecthelion took a chair opposite his friend. "This is another thing. You've never forgot to put any critical information in your report. Why was it now?" But when he saw the smirk on Glorfindel's face, he just knew. "You didn't forget! You bastard!" "At least I will have a reason to go to his house and spend time with him for a while. These rotations are not due until next quarter anyway. Why hurry planning the route now, the land can change all the time." "You wicked prat." Ecthelion mumbled, and used his index finger to massage his temple. 'Elf doesn't suppose to get sick, why do I feel headache right now?' He thought. "Yes, brilliant, huh?" Glorfindel smiled. - - x x x - - The House of the Butterfly. Finally, he was here. Glorfindel stood in front of Erestor's mansion, staring at the quiet house with excitement. "My lord Glorfindel?" An elf, the butler, he supposed, called him from the front door. "Yes, I come to see Lord Erestor. I have an appointment." "Yes my lord. This way, my lord." "Thank you." The butler took Glorfindel to a room with double heavy oak doors which were crafted into intricate pattern of vines, flowers and butterflies. The butler knocked at the door twice, then pushed the doors open, bow to the golden lord, and left without a word. Inside the room, there were shelves full of books on every sides of the room. Three rows of long tables placed in the center of the room. Each table was full of scrolls, maps, artifacts, and some strange looking tools Glofindel could not put the name on. In the far end of the room near the balcony was a place for a big oak desk, which was the work place for the lord of the house, he supposed. Where was Erestor? Glorfindel thought while he was scanning the room. He approached the balcony when he caught a movement from the outside. The sight there took his breath away. Erestor, in dark red tunic, black tight trousers and a pair of long boots, looked different than his usual garment of dark rope, but he was very stunning nevertheless. His dress was not the only thing that made Glorfindel breathless, but what was surrounded him also. Dozens of butterflies were flying around the dark elf. Some were playing with his shining dark hair, some remained still on his hair and dress, like a kind of jewelry, and some were just flying around him and his small flower garden on the balcony. Erestor looked ethereal! Glorfindel did not know how long he stayed there just staring at the beautiful elf before him until he heard said elf called his name. "Lord Glorfindel? Lord Glorfindel? Are you well?" "Huh?" Glorfindel was startled when he saw the object of his affection standing just a couple feet before him. "Ah.. I am fine, my dear.. uh.. my lord counselor." "Are you sure? You look.. red?" "Yes! Yes!" Glorfindel cough and tried to compose his stature. "You have a lovely garden here." "Thank you." Glorfindel looked around the balcony while trying to avoid the piercing eyes of the counselor. The butterflies were scattered from around Erestor to the nearby potted plants and flowers. Glorfindel scanned the plants and was captured by a pot of plant with golden flowers, his house's flowers. "How do you have the golden flower? I thought there were only at my gardens. I've never seen it elsewhere." His fingers touched the gold petals; they felt like his golden flower, which was rare to be found. "I do not know." Erestor shrugged "It just grew there a couple months ago." "Unbelievable." Glorfindel whispered. "Why are you here? You want to tell me anything?" A couple months ago when he started falling in love with the counselor? He felt something in his stomach. Could it be.. He looked back at the counselor and found a butterfly was still attached to the dark hair like a headdress. Unconsciously, he reached his hand to touch the butterfly, and his fingers were touching the soft dark hair of the counselor. "So soft, so beautiful." He murmured. "Excuse me?" Erestor stepped back from the warrior. His face was bright red, his eyebrows knotted. "I'm sorry."