All rights remain. Inspired by Sam Hunts 'Take Your Time'. A story in pieces. Seamus will forever be Kaelyn's and I am privileged to be able to borrow him for a while. To Steffes. I think it's Seamus' turn for a happy ever after. SUMMARY: Seamus was a bars best friend. Kaelyn was an honor student who had zero interest in relationships. That was until they met each other. Inspired by Sam Hunt's 'Take Your Time' . Seamus Finnegan was a bars best friend. He was in one most every night, but he preferred O'Sheas'. It was quiet and calm most nights and on Fridays the college crowds came by to celebrate the weekends. On Friday nights he watched the ladies in that crowd. More specifically, just one. Kaelyn Grey. Kaelyn was the 19 year old daughter of a factory tycoon from London. She was young and free. Thousands of miles from home. Headstrong. Her laugh was like bells and her smile was a beacon in the dark. But she had made it painfully clear to the last dozen and some losers that tried to pick her up that she was definitely NOT interested in ANYTHING. No relationships. No one night stands. She was a double major and had eyes only for an early graduation and a fulfilling career. There would be time for relationships later. Zephyr had warned Kaelyn about Seamus. Had told her to stay away. He was a 22 year old drop out who had chosen drugs over a full ride to med school. Now no one would hire him. No one wanted to date him. Who was willing to waste their time on a back alley junkie who traded sex for his next hit? But Kaelyn had watched him ever since she started coming here. He was the only one who had never tried with her. He intrigued her. The Friday term ended Kaelyn found herself staring at Seamus and when their eyes met, she smiled. "You're the first lad she's given that smile to," Fergus said. "Might wanna do something 'bout it." Fergus was the barkeeper. Had been for years. He was also Seamus' cousin. "School's out for the summer, mate," he pressed. "You might not get another chance," he said as he offered Seamus a shot of Jameson. "I don't have a chance to begin with," Seamus said bitterly. "Zephyr's over there." Seamus and Zephyr had been friends once. They had even dated for a bit. She had given Seamus his first taste of cocaine. "Get Kaelyn to agree to one drink and I'll give you a busser job," Fergus said. That caused Seamus to pause...he needed a job bad. "Swear," he said skeptically. "Start tonight," Fergus said. "One drink." Seamus looked at the Jameson before downing it and looking back at Kaelyn. "I'm going to the ladies room," Kaelyn said to her friends. "Need a friend?" Gale asked with a laugh. "I'll be alright," Kaelyn said with a smile. "I've scared everyone here off." All the girls laughed as Kaelyn got up and there was Seamus' chance. Kaelyn knew that Seamus was approaching and so she purposely stopped and waited. She even turned to face him. "Blimey," Seamus thought as he looked at her. She was very...intimidating. Especially with one eyebrow raised. She was waiting for this. Seamus swallowed hard and wiped his sweaty palms on his jeans trying to get his cool back. It was a feeling he wasn't used to. "Hey," he said with a smile. "I don't know if you were looking at me or not..." he started. "You probably smile like that...all the time..." Kaelyn just crossed her arms over her chest, a small smile on her face. She was enjoying watching him sweat. "Look. I don't mean to bother you, but I couldn't just walk by and not say 'Hi'." "Hi," Kaelyn said softly. Shyly. Seamus smiled a little wider. "I would ask your name but..." "Yeah..." Kaelyn agreed with a blush. "Everyone here knows your name so..." "I know your name too," Kaelyn said. Seamus just nodded. His chance was already blown. "Right." He said, sticking his hands in his pockets. "So...?" Kaelyn asked. "I know you aren't looking for anyone right now but..." "But?" Kaelyn pressed. "Don't take this wrong," Seamus said, a blush stealing his cheeks. 'When did this get so hard?' he wondered to himself. Kaelyn just continue to stare, her gaze cutting right through Seamus. "Damn!" he breathed. "Excuse me?" Kaelyn asked. "Your eyes," Seamus said. Like her name her eyes were grey. Like a storm. Captivating. "Oh!" Kaelyn said. "They're beautiful," Seamus said. " You are beautiful." His heart was racing a million miles an hour. "I promise I'm not wasted," he said. "And I'm usually better at this whole talking thing but..." "But?" Kaelyn asked again. Seamus took a deep breath. "I know that we don't know each other," he said. "But I'd like the chance to get to know you..." Kaelyn smiled. "Buy me a drink?" she asked. "Sure," Seamus said, and with that both of their lives were forever changed. That night Kaelyn played off sick to her friends and she and Seamus went somewhere new; a little cafe a few blocks away. Kaelyn didn't drink. She and Seamus hit it off great. They talked long into the morning about everything and nothing at all. But Kaelyn was leaving on Monday for holiday with her parents. They were going to Rome. Taking a cruise. Sightseeing in Paris. Now just wasn't the time to meet someone new. "I'm sorry we didn't meet sooner," Kaelyn said with sincerity. "You seem like a real nice guy." That comment made Seamus snort. Hadn't she listened to anything he had said? 'Nice' wasn't in his vocabulary. "We are all human," Kaelyn said softly as she put her hand over his. "All we can do is make something of ourselves." Kaelyn noticed the time and with profuse apologies told Seamus she had to go, but she left her number on a napkin. It took Seamus a week to build up the nerve to send Kaelyn a message. He almost fell over at her immediate reply. She was all exclamation marks and emojis and inexpressible emotion. She was cruising the French Riviera and living life but she was ready to return to school. "How have you been?" she sent late one night. Seamus didn't have the gall to tell her he wasn't doing well at all. He'd been desperate for a hit and had contracted an STD. Thankfully it was treatable at the clinic down the road. "Paris is amazing," she sent with a selfie a few days later. Seamus just smiled. Paris was amazing when she was there. "I'll be back in town in a week," she sent ten days later. "I miss the coffee if you want to join?" Seamus couldn't bring himself to answer. Not after everything he had seen. She was something special...full of life. He was a no one going nowhere fast. It was halfway through the semester before Kaelyn asked to see Seamus again. Sure they talked through messages and Snapchat but... Seamus had already taken too much of her time. "Will you be at O'Sheas' tonight?" she asked. Seamus laughed when he read the message. "I don't want to wreck your Friday," he sent back. Truth was he decided to get clean and was locked down in rehab. He wanted to be someone. Maybe then he could meet Kaelyn face-to-face. "I was actually looking forward to seeing my creepy stalker. *wink* *wink*," she sent back. "Raincheck?" Seamus texted. "I'm going to hold you to it." The next few weeks were a nightmare. Detox was the worst, but Seamus had made up his mind to do something with himself; to be someone great. Or someone greater than he was. Once detox was over Seamus had to learn to get away from the life he once had. His counselor helped him change his number, keeping the contacts he felt were appropriate and set him tasks to do each day to keep him busy. He was released with a GPS ankle monitor and the one time he almost messed up and ended up on the wrong side of town his counselor literally made him dig his own grave. "What would Kaelyn say when you didn't answer her texts anymore?" he had asked. Seamus felt ashamed. A few weeks later Mr. Counselor enrolled Seamus in community college to get his life straight again. It was a program that gave everyone a clean slate but it meant they had to start from nothing. Seamus' college credits had all been wiped. "This is your chance to be whatever you want to be," his career advisor had said. "I know you have it in you. I've seen what you did before." Six months of text's turned into a year of late-night conversations, Kaelyn crying into the phone and Seamus wishing there was something more that he could do. "Seamus," Kaelyn whispered one night. "What are we?" The question shouldn't have hit Seamus like it had, but it did. It knocked the breath from his lungs. "What do you mean?" he asked in return. "I mean..." Kaelyn sighed. "I don't know," she said finally. "I guess..." "Are you okay?" Seamus asked in concern. "No," Kaelyn said. Seamus could hear the tears in her voice. "Kaelyn?" "I have to go," she said. "Come to O'Sheas' tomorrow?" she asked, pleading in her tone. "Okay." Seamus hadn't seen the inside of a bar in 280 days. He had quit it all cold turkey. Now he wondered what had changed. The bar was relatively empty. Then again it was a Monday. Some of the regulars were scattered around and some newbies Seamus didn't recognize. Fergus was off. And there at the counter was Kaelyn. Some so-and-so was sitting next to her trying to chat it up and it was obvious she was trying to be polite but the guy just wasn't getting the hint. "Can I buy you a drink?" Seamus asked as he slid onto the stool beside her. Kaelyn visibly jumped at his voice. "Seamus?" she asked in disbelief. A year had done him good. He had put on weight and converted it to muscle. Working outside had given his skin a healthy glow. A steady job gave him trendy clothes and a stable home to give him a good night's rest. "I don't drink," she said with a smile as she took him in. "I know this great little café down the street?" he suggested. "Okay," Kaelyn said as she said she took Seamus' offered hand. The guy beside them was floored. The two ended up walking down the street hand-in-hand, going slow and enjoying their time together. "Won't your friends be worried?" Seamus asked as his arm slipped around Kaelyns shoulders. "No," Kaelyn said as she leaned into him. It all felt so natural. "What about Zephyr?" he asked. Kaelyn stiffened. "She's no friend to me," Kaelyn said. "I'm sorry for what she did to you." That caused Seamus to stiffen. "She told me all about it. About...the two of you..." "Oh." "People change," Kaelyn said simply. "You aren't the same Seamus I met in the bar last year." Seamus had to agree with her there. He was proud of who he had become. He couldn't wait to be who he wanted to be. "You know it's been exactly one year today?" she asked. "One year what?" Seamus asked as he stopped to look at her. "Since I asked you for a drink," Kaelyn said. Seamus smiled. "I'm glad you agreed," she said softly. "It's been a really good year." "Yeah," Seamus said softly as he got lost in her eyes once more. It had been a really great year. Possibly the best year of his life. "Why me?" he asked suddenly. "Why not you?" Kaelyn replied. "I mean it," he said. "You could have told me