Part One: Thank You Well I've got thick skin and an elastic heart But your blade it might be too sharp I'm like a rubberband until you pull too hard But I may snap when I move close But you won't see me fall apart ' Cause I've got an elastic heart -Elastic Heart, by Sia Reyna But there's a hope that's waiting for you in the dark You should know you're beautiful just the way you are And you don't have to change a thing, the world could change its heart No scars to your beautiful, we're stars and we're beautiful -Scars to Your Beautiful, by Alessia Cara It was after the war that she snapped. She was strong, wasn't she? She was brave, wasn't she? She was good and loyal and trustworthy, with a hard past that made her all the better, wasn't she? True, to all of it. There was one thing she wasn't, though. Reyna Avila Ramirez-Arellano was never loved. Well, not for long, anyways. First, there was her mother. Bellona. Bellona who had looked over her to make sure of her success, but who had never been a comfort. Bellona who had bribed Vulcan to giver her the beloved dogs, and who had given her the ring, and, after she became praetor, her Pegasus and the story of Michael Varus- a warning, that even the mightiest could fall. What would her mother think of her now, sobbing on the floor of Hera's cabin? Then, there was her sister, who had abandoned her in the form of joining the Amazons. Forgetting about her. But then she came in a battle forklift and gave her a hug after her speech. Promised later that night that their relationship would get better. That she would be there for her. Lies, always. Who was going to be there for a baby sister that was always going to be in the shadows? She felt a flash of sympathy for Annabeth- how similar they were! Both with terrible families at a young age (a father who had an obsession with power, Reyna's, and a father who turned his back on the godly world, Annabeth. Mothers who cared, but mostly to ensure success and power in their names. After all, Athena had practically disowned Annabeth at some point!) Love lives, too, that tore at their hearts so they would never be full. (For Annabeth, there was first Luke, who betrayed and tried to kill her before committing suicide, then Percy, who was manipulated like a pawn in the chess game of the Fates, who now suffered in his sleep alongside her, enduring nightmares from Tartarus- the Greek Hell. For her, there was Jason, and only Jason, who had promised her that he would never let anything stop him from loving her, before disappearing and coming back with a pretty face hung on his arm.) Yes, they had much in common. But Annabeth had eventually achieved a small sliver of hope for a happy ending, after years of torture. Where was Reyna's? Didn't she get one? She slid down the wall of her house, leaning her head against Aurum, petting Argentum absentmindedly. The awards ceremony for the heroes of the Second Giant War was tommorow. Sighing, she got up and crawled into bed, slipping on purple leggings and a green and grey sweatshirt - gifts from Annabeth, Percy, and Drew. That had gotten surprising close over the past few days, after Drew's cold exterior finally cracked on front of Reyna. In return, she had told the girl her story. Later, Drew spilled that Percy knew- after all, who better to trust with a secret than a person whose fatal flaw was loyalty? Annabeth and Percy knew her story already, and so it didn't take much convincing for Drew to tell Annabeth her story too- on one condition. To never tell anyone. Weakness would never be shown from the two girls. It was ironic, how the villain from one camp and the heroine from another could become best friends, or confidantes at the least. As Reyna drifts off to sleep, she will have thoughts that fly into her head. The same ones that have ever since the day that her heart was broken for the last time. Broken beyond repair, because the once-beautiful crystal that one formed her heart has been shattered and clumsily pasted back together so many times, it's far from beautiful. Thoughts are flying. Thoughts that have always been nothing by wishes and wants before. Plans that she will make happen. She can taste her freedom now. She can feel the wind flying through her hair- no, the sea breeze, for it's going to be a day to face her fears tomorrow. And she's been afraid of the sea for far too long. She was the Scourge of the Seven Seas once, after all. And she will take that title back. Rome will rise, with their Greek allies. They have encouraged her to take back the sea. They will take back their sea. Together. She can taste the salt on her breath now. Tomorrow, she would see Jason. And then she would confront Juno and Venus, and tell off Jupiter, and be a brave woman, and confront Jason. Tomorrow, she would see her traitorous, faulty, heartbreaking king. Tomorrow she would stomp her heart into the ground (what had love ever done for her anyways?) and watch her hope curdle. Tomorrow, as she watches her hope curdle, it will be replaced with strength. It will be replaced with a new wall of ice and diamond, another mask for the ballroom dance of life. Tomorrow, she would take that beautiful lie that has been given to her- an intricate carving of a girl taking every single pretty perfect lovely compliment, every single idea of who she should be, how to make the homeland proud, how to make her mother proud, how to make her family name proud- she would take the obsidian carving that was her unsatisfactory life, and she would break it into pieces. Annabeth was never happy until she let go of the past. (She was resentful towards her father for so long, she held onto grudges for ages- until she didn't. Tartarus changed her. For better and for worse. She's still got that silver lining, though. Still got that strength. Still has that beauty. ) Drew was bitter until she spoke. (After her love died in the first war, taken by the enemy, she heard that her best friend was a traitor. She didn't cry, did she? She became a heartless Siren, hiding the pain with layers of the Seven Deadly Sins. Until she cried and told her story. Sadness won't stick to your soul when it's slippery with tears. ) Percy was never a happy demigod until he rejected the rules that the Fates gave him. (He could have died, several times over. He could have broken. But he didn't. He stood tall, and refused. He didn't take it in silence, though. He spoke out, and put pompous officials and gods in their places. No rules for the Son of the Sea. No, not just the Son of the Sea. No rules for Percy Jackson, Resilient Rebel Renegade .) Tomorrow, she will do all. She will finally become a speaker, like dead Octavian. She will command attention as she speaks, she will command respect as she lets go of her past. She will say , look at me. Look at me . I'm done with these imperfections. This is the real me. Take it or leave it . She will reject the stupid rules and make her own- no, she will have no rules, and no limits. No limits for Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano. And they will take it. Because she is no longer the scared little girl who hides from the ghosts. That girl, who was made the second the Celestial Bronze saber left her hand, flying true, an arch of beautiful destruction carving through the air, destroying the ghost. That girl, who was hidden under layers of missing strength, of rightful power, died the second she saw her own home in Puerto Rico, running from the metal-eyed monster. Because the princess in silk gowns from the spa is long gone. The princess was made the second her older sister made the decision to give their souls to Circe. That perfect princess died a long time ago, when her soul was freed, watching the pirates rampage. Because she is not the scared, lost heir that watched her island home burn. The girl who was captured by the very pirates that freed her (out of one prison and into a worse one), and was handed her worst fear- the ocean was born out of fear and adrenaline. That weak girl died the second the first drop of pirate blood dripped from her fingers, fingers that clutched a rust bronze dagger. Twelve is too young to have to kill. Oh, well. Greater sacrifices have been made that childhood innocence. Because the leader in armour that strived to impress is no longer present. The girl She was murdered in not a war, and not a fight, but the second Jason Grace, the faulty king, stepped off the Argo II clutching the arm of a certain Piper McLean. No, they will take her, because tomorrow, she will be Reyna. She will be strong, and she will be herself. She will give fear, and she will be adrenaline. And she will be out of her sister's shadows, and she will rule her subjects with justice and strength. And she will never love again. Tomorrow…. Tomorrow is not today. Reyna closes her eyes and allow oblivion to take her mind. And her heart. Hearts don't hurt in sleep. It's one of the only times they don't. The next day, the demigods do not bow in respect to the gods. They bow only to Poseidon, Artemis, Hermes, Apollo, Demeter, and Hades. The rest only ignore that fact. It's okay. They notice. They always do. And the result is a sweeter, more just reward than any that Reyna could have dreamed of. She alone bows to Juno. Because she understands how years of constant betrayal has made her bitter- how could anyone have gone through her life and not broken yet? Because she is forbidden to. Just. Like. Her. "Reyna Avila Ramírez-Arellano," her mother, invited to the ceremony, is the one that calls her name. She walks to the podium, and thunder booms everytime her feet touch the ground. Like the others, she does not bow when the Gods of Olympus call them to the podium. They no longer deserve respect from those who have served them for so long, and defended, honor bound, without help. "You have received two wishes from the Council." "I want," Reyna starts. She pauses. "I demand , for my first wish, ten answers. Swear on the Styx that they will be answered truthfully and as well as possible by the council. And add Jason Grace to the list." A pause, gauging the reaction, and the council rumbles in agreement. In the corner of her eye, Percy and Annabeth, hands intertwined and eyes bloodshot, smile at her in approval. Her heart lifts us. Her mother clears her throat. "On behalf of the Council and Jason Grace, we swear on the River Styx to answer ten questions truthfully and to the best of our ability." Thunder booms and the waves swell for a moment. Sealing the pact. "First question, directed to Juno." Hera's form flickered for a second and solidified as Juno. "What were you thinking when you took him?" She doesn't need to explain who him is. It's pretty obvious. Juno has the decency to lower her eyes. Her face tells the story, though. How: Im sorry im sorry i thought he was loyal im sorry hes like his father forgive me dont hate me im sorry. I'm sorry. How: no make it