Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. If I did, I would've avoided all the horrible characters and unfortunate implications. Onward! A/N: This is just a little fluffy thing I did for a very dear friend who was feeling a little down this holiday, and with her permission, I extend that to all of you. It's not my best work, I know, but I thought it was cute. Merry Christmas to all readers and browsers, and to your loved ones, and Happy Holidays to the non-Christmas people as well. I hope all of you have a splendid New Year as well. Venari Dente will return in 2015! Peace, HG. Winter Embrace ~~Five Days Before Christmas~~ Bella shook her head dismissively. "I really don't understand the point of this holiday, I swear. Or the decorating. I mean, we're just gonna take them down in a week anyways, so it's a waste. " Isabella "Bella" Marie Cullen sat on the couch, watching with a mixed bag of emotions running through her brain as her mother—mother figure, technically, but the term applied regardless—was slowly decorating the Cullen family's living room. She did so at a human's pace, as she enjoyed taking her time with projects regardless of the fact she could finish relatively quickly. She was smiling. Bella was frowning, which was normal for her, particularly around this time of year. Esme paused and frowned at her daughter. "Honestly, Bella, why do you have to be such a Grumpy Gus when it comes to holidays, especially Christmas? This is a joyous time of year, yet you do nothing but grumble about it." Bella shrugged. "Christmas is more for humans, Esme." "You were human once," Esme replied. "And let us not forget that your beloved girlfriend and my future daughter happens to be human too, hmm?" She gave Bella a look and the brunette ducked her head sheepishly. "That's what I thought. And besides, where is it stated that we vampires can't enjoy the holidays? We may not sleep or eat any longer, but we're immortal now, and living for eternity without some joy and magic is just plain dull. Have you spoken to Alice, by the way? Isn't she supposed to come spend the next few days with us?" Bella nodded, and a smile graced her lips as she imagined her energetic girlfriend, one of the brightest spots in her life alongside her family members and close friends. She glanced at her cell phone, and as if on cue, it began to ring. Alice, of course. "I'm sorry, the number you've reached is unavailable currently," Bella said in a dull, monotone voice. "Would you like to leave a message?" A snort came from the other end. "Haha, Belly-Button." Bella groaned inwardly at the ridiculous nickname that Alice had given her, although deep down, she did find it cute. Not that she'd ever admit that to her pixie-esque lover. "Hello, Alice," Bella said. "We were just talking about you," she glanced at Esme, who was grinning as she went back to putting tinsel up around the fireplace, which Bella rolled her eyes at, "are you planning on gracing us with your presence today?" " Of course!" Alice said. "In fact, I'd say I'd be there …" There was a knock at the door and Bella turned her head toward the foyer. "Now." Bella chuckled and blurred over to open the door. The moment Bella's golden eyes met Alice's hazel, she felt something inside her chest. Not quite a fluttering feeling, since vampire hearts no longer beat, but it was… Bella could never place it, but it was the closest thing to butterflies that a vampire could feel, she figured. It started in the pit of her belly and spread throughout the rest of her body as a genuine warm smile spread across her face. Alice matched it with a gorgeous smile of her own, and the two embraced without a word. Bella hugged the human as tightly as she dared and breathed in Alice's rich, strawberries-and-cream scent. It filled her nostrils just as Alice's warmth filled her body. Bella sighed, and after a moment, she pulled away and kissed Alice. Those sweet, soft, warm lips tasted heavenly, and the sensations only grew in intensity. Alice deepened the kiss, and hands started to roam as their lips danced together, at least until a throat cleared behind them and they stopped. "Bella, invite the poor girl in, don't leave her out in the cold!" Esme chided. Bella smiled a little and motioned Alice inside, at which point she noticed what Alice was wearing. She was wearing… Bella frowned, completely taken aback by her girlfriend's choice in attire as she went up to hug Esme. "Hello, Alice," Esme said. "You look adorable!" "Thanks, Mama E," Alice said, flashing another big smile. She twirled around once for added effect. "You look gorgeous too, as per usual." "Flatterer," Esme said, kissing Alice on the forehead. Bella's brow furrowed as Alice spun to face her. "What… What are you wearing?" The pixie rolled her eyes. It was obviously a Christmas elf outfit, with a long green hat—with a bell on the end that jingled when Alice shook her head—and a green tunic, with a frilly red skirt. Her socks were large and had green-and-red stripes, and her shoes were little elf booties that completed the look. Bella understood what she was going for, but the zany wardrobe through her off. "Honestly, Belly-Button," Alice said, tsk-ing. "Don't you recognize an elf when you see one?" She wiggled her eyebrows mischievously. "I brought a sexy Santa outfit for you to wear on the big day. You're gonna look fucking hot, hotter than you normally do." Bella ignored the chuckle from Esme and slowly shook her head. "I appreciate the thought, Alice, and the compliment, but… I don't dress up. Ever." Alice's face fell and she puffed her bottom lip out in her trademark Alice Pout. Bella crossed her arms and matched it with a pout of her own. "Why are you giving me that look, Ali?" "I bought it just for you," Alice said. Her eyes sparkled a little. "C'mon, humor me." The vampire scowled again. "I don't understand the purpose of dressing up on Christmas, Alice. I don't even understand the purpose of Christmas itself. It feels more like one big marketing gimmick than anything else. And, really, this concept of a chubby man with flying reindeer flying all over to deliver gifts to bratty kids who only want more afterwards?" She shook her head. "There's so much wrong with this world that needs fixing, like war, hunger, and poverty. Taking a break to be frivolous doesn't make sense to me." Alice sighed and walked over to take her vampire's hands. "Bella…" Bella met her gaze. "You are such a Grinch, babe. How is it that out of everyone in your family, you're the only one who seems to hate the holidays? This is a wonderful time of year. It's not about the gifts, it's about family and friends, about togetherness, and the celebration of the year coming to a close." She smiled again. "And I didn't buy this outfit to look stinking cute by myself, so throw me a bone, huh?" Bella planted her lips against Alice's. "Alice, I love you. I love my family, and those who I consider to be my friends. But I love them the same every day, and in my world, every day is about them, not just Christmas." She nipped at Alice's ear, making Alice yelp a little. "And you're plenty stinking cute for the two of us. The answer's still no." Alice huffed as Bella walked past her and vanished upstairs. "Don't mind her, dear," Esme said. "She's always a bit of a grump when it comes to the holidays." "I know," Alice said, sighing. The pixie had been trying to bolster Bella's spirits ever since the month of December began, yet her attempts had all pretty much failed. Yet Alice did not intend to give up. She loved Bella. She loved her vampire dearly despite her obvious grumpy exterior, because Alice saw through it. She saw the beauty within Bella Cullen, and this year, this Christmas, she was going to make Bella see it, too. "Where is everyone else?" Alice asked, unable to stop herself from smiling. "Carlisle, Rosalie, Leah, and Jasper are out hunting, and Victoria, James, and Emmett are visiting our friends in Denali," Esme said. She noticed the growing twinkle in Alice's eyes and lifted an eyebrow. "You're planning something, aren't you?" "Yes," Alice said. "I've been planning it for a while now, actually." "Oh?" Esme smiled. "And what might that be, if I may ask?" Alice beamed and winked. "It's a secret." The pixie practically pounced on Bella the moment she returned downstairs, nearly knocking the vampire to the floor. Bella steadied herself and embraced her girlfriend, yet when she met Alice's eyes, she didn't fail to notice the humongous smile. Seeing that smile, mixed in with the love and the warmth in Alice's eyes, brought on the vampire equivalent of warmth within Bella's stomach again. She swore her heart would be melting if it were physically possible. "I love you, Belly-Button," Alice said. "I love you too, Alice," Bella replied, and the two shared a kiss. Alice, however, did not deepen the kiss this time. In fact, she was the one who pulled away. "Go back upstairs, to your room," Alice said. "I have a little something for you, and I want to give to you in private, okay?" Bella opened her mouth, but Alice shushed her. "No arguing, Belly-Button. C'mon, you'll love it, I promise." She ran off before Bella could say anything more, and Bella looked at Esme, who shrugged and returned to her decorations. Bella gave a slight huff, more out of habit than annoyance in the slightest, and went upstairs to her room. Alice appeared not long after with something in her hand, a folded up piece of paper smelling of ink. Bella arched an eyebrow at it, yet Alice simply gave her a light shove until she sat down. "This is a little something I wrote for you," Alice said. "It's not the best, I know. I'm no master at rhyming or anything, but, in the spirit of Christmas," Bella fought back the urge to roll her eyes, which Alice seemed to notice, because her smile grew, "I'm gonna read this for you, my beautiful Grinch. Okay?" "Okay," Bella said, smiling a little. Alice cleared her throat and, despite her exuberance and the obvious joy that seemed to be radiating off of her, her cheeks flushed with pink as she unfolded the piece of paper. Bella waited, watching patiently as Alice cleared her throat, smiling to herself at her adorable her human lover truly looked. "To My Bella, by Alice Branden," Alice said. She licked her lips, then began to read aloud: " There once was a girl named Alice, Whose days went without malice, She lived with family rather happily, Smiling bright and always carefree, And she helped out those in need. But sometimes happy Alice would frown, There was one thing that put her down, There was one thing that she'd missed, Quite frankly, it was true love's first kiss, And though Alice opened up her heart, None she met ever matched the part. Then one day, while out in town, She met a woman with beauty renowned, A woman that took Alice's breath away, Whose golden eyes made Alice's day, And whose tenderness made her sway." Alice's face was tomato red as she paused to meet Bella's eyes, and Bella felt the urge to run over and kiss Alice. But, she didn't. She stayed put as her body began to experience a level of emotion she couldn't put into words. " This angel's name was Bella Cullen, Although this angel was a little sullen, But Alice did not bother to stop