A.N.: Trigger warnings for this story. There will be mentions of rape, substance abuse, suicide, postpartum depression, and post-traumatic stress. Unfortunately, this story will not be all sunshine and rainbows… at first… I hope. Chapter 1 Her eyes narrowed as they followed the black dots in the distance. Her position on the grassy knoll made it impossible to make out any individual features, but there was no mistaking the fetid odor that drifted down with the wind. The scout's information rung true; the Orc horde was over forty strong and was quickly approaching the trap the men set up. If all went to plan, the wretched beasts would be eliminated. Two years had passed since the end of the war. Sauron was vanquished but his scum still remained. They were fewer in number but, moved efficiently, even without the threat of their master. The captain motioned and the archers took position. Aranel raised her long bow. Her hands caressed the polished yew. Her fingers found the string as she notched a goose fletched arrow. Even after all of this time, all of the battle she had seen, her heart still quivered in anticipation. "They are coming." Swallowing the last pitiful mouthful of poppy infusion, Aranel slowed Rover, from the canter he was in to a trot as they neared the city gates. Although Rover had an easy gait, the pain from the arrow shaft embedded into her chest was rearing its head again. She was lucky. The arrowhead was barbed but not poisoned. One of the healers tried to remove it, but his lack of tools and Aranel's general squeamishness of healers had her sent away with the reports. "Good riddance" one of the newer men had muttered. "A battlefield is not a place for a lady." A sharp glare from her had made him close his mouth but Aranel could not help the flush that bloomed on her cheeks. After all this time, she was still just a woman to them- weak. All that aside, Aranel was going to make sure that she would not falter at the task she was given. The Rangers were all she had. Aside from the guards at the gates of each level (men who were so used to seeing her out and about, that they recognized her by sight) and the stumbling patrons of ale houses, the streets of the White City were empty. It was either very late or very early; the sun would be rising within the next hour or so. A cold wind whipped through the street. Her back ached- old wounds groaned as the cold wind tore through them. She burrowed into her grey cloak; nose wrinkling at the stench of Orc blood, mud, and sweat. As much as Aranel disliked the city, it did hold the promise of a warm bath and a soft bed. The people here were a stiff bunch but resilient. Two years after the war and already much of the city was hammered back together again- with the aid of Elves and Dwarves. But despite the architectural differences, the air seemed less stifled than it had been two years ago. The shadow was gone- and with it much of the suspicion and fear that gripped the people. Many men had died but the people were slowly coming together under reign of the King and his beautiful elven bride. Aranel slowed her horse as she heard footsteps quickly approach. They were from ahead, not from the drunkards at her right- who were seated outside the now closed pub. Though she was confident in her abilities with a sword and knife, life with Rangers had taught her always to be cautious. Pulling up her hood, she stopped completely in the shadow of an alley and waited as the footsteps grew louder. For a moment, she doubted her eyes- as she saw an un-escorted, (seemingly weaponless) woman walking the streets of the lower level of Minas Tirith. She was a lady of noble birth- as indicated by the quality of her wardrobe and her noble mien. Although she had the sense to wear a dark cloak, the material was clean and lined with ermine. In the place of quieter footwear, the Lady was wearing heeled boots. Her hood was down giving Aranel a sight of the Lady's complex hairstyle. She was beautiful- high cheekbones, a fair complexion with large grey eyes, surrounded by long dark lashes. Her face was young but her expression made it look younger. Eyes wide and full lips parted into a smile with very white teeth as she glanced here and there at the sights before her. It did not seem to take much to make her smile with delight: a horse, a wagon, or a sign. The Lady however, did not heed the path before her. Before Aranel could call out for her to watch her step, the Lady's foot caught in a hole. She fell to the ground with a loud cry managing to bring a barrel to the ground with her- the sound breaking through the quiet of the street like thunder. The Lady let out a sob as she sat up. Her fingers ghosted over her ankle. The two drunkards by the pub noticed her. Their movements were not quite coordinated but, they still managed to make it over without falling like the lady had. Aranel slid off of Rover and began making her way over to where the people were all clustered. One of the men whistled. "Are you lost?" His voice was cold and full of mockery as he slurred his S's like a snake. The Lady seemed to regain her composure for a moment. "I am not lost," she replied. She was smart enough not to reveal that she was injured but her voice had shaken and she had given them what they needed- a whiff of her fear. "What's a girl like you doing in a place like this?" the other called. He had a disgusting smile on his face. His beak like nose twitched as he giggled repulsively. If there were a struggle, he would be the one Aranel would pummel first. "My business is my own." "Business? I see! You are self-employed? Do you work in the chamber? Well how much does it cost for a good-" "Hold your tongue! Speak another word and I will have your head," Aranel said. She had purposely attempted to drop her voice a few octaves lower. Perhaps they would think she were a man- after all, she was dressed like one. The men startled, as they had not heard Aranel approach. She uncovered her sword and pushed her way to where the lady was. "Come, I will take you home," Aranel told the Lady, still keeping her voice low as she preferred her hand. The Lady stood with difficulty, favoring her left foot. "Be on your way," Aranel commanded the men who stood and watched. She turned back to the Lady. Then, she heard a shuffle of feet and saw the Lady's eyes widen. Aranel smelt the stench of stale ale before she felt his fist collide with her arm. She should have known better to turn her back. Years of practice had honed her reflexes but never enough to avoid pain entirely. Aranel rolled off the punch and in respect launched a series of well-placed blows to his abdomen, nose, ear and groin. He crumbled to the ground, beak of a nose releasing a stream of blood. Angered at his friend's downfall, the snake charged. Although, he was down in minutes, he had placed two very heavy handed blows on Aranel's already weary body. One made contact with the barb already in her side- and for a moment Aranel saw stars. It was folly though; a battle-hardened ranger fighting against drunkard. Aranel resisted the urge to spit on their prone forms. She turned instead to the lady. "Are you alright?" The Lady nodded. Her eyes dropped to Aranel's torso and widened. 'She's probably figured I'm a woman and is now in even more shock.' But Aranel was wrong. "Your side!" the Lady exclaimed. Aranel looked down. The blood had thoroughly penetrated the cloth of her shirt and the coppery scent wafted in the air. The rush of battle was beginning to wear off and the pain Aranel felt was quickly doubling. Dark spots danced before her eyes. Shaking her head, Aranel managed to clear it slightly. She hissed aloud and cursed, congratulating herself for being a fool. "I was injured before. Let us move to the higher levels. Can you walk?" Aranel asked through her gritted teeth. "After a fashion. I do not believe my ankle is broken but I think it is sprained." "Do you want me to check." "It is quite alright." "Right. I would send you for my horse but he would probably bite your hand off if you came too close." The lady frowned. "Lend me your arm," Aranel said. "We can support each other back to him." "Who are you?" the Lady asked. Aranel did not reply. Instead, she focused on walking to her horse. Rover huffed lightly when he caught sight of Aranel. He danced back slightly as the Lady neared- not trusting her. "Hush you oaf," she said as she swatted her grey horse lightly. Aranel turned to the woman, who looked at the war horse uneasily. Aranel didn't blame the Lady. Rover was a tall horse at 17 hands. "Do you need help getting on him?" "Will he bite me?" Aranel smothered her smile. "No." "Then can manage," the Lady replied. Despite her ankle, the Lady swung onto the saddle as though she were born in one. Aranel followed, albeit a little more clumsily. She adjusted herself but it was not comfortable. Her saddle was molded to her size and thus was not made to accommodate two riders (Aranel was especially grateful that she was not in her armor) but they were making do. They went slowly and Aranel held back her nausea. Her head was swimming and her side throbbing with every heartbeat. The Lady was wary of her but, if the stench of the Orc blood and general foulness coming from Aranel bothered her, she hid it well. The pair rode in silence like this for a while, until the Lady suddenly began to speak. "I was exploring the city," she began. Her tone was matter of fact. "I was raised in a sheltered environment. Although I have traveled to Gondor previously, I have rarely left the sixth and seventh levels." She was cautious. The Lady wanted to say more but she was guarding her words. Like all nobility, she had to watch what she said. Once more, Gondorian nobility seemed to make a sport of relishing one another's faults. It was true that they had calmed some with the arrival of the new Queen and King but they were ever mindful. Everything was done with strict protocol and unyielding practice. This Lady had braids in her hair common to those who were betrothed; a complex tangle of knots that seemed to be pulling at her scull very tightly. Only someone of a very high class would pursue the custom with this much fervor. "It is my twentieth birthday and I have yet to explore Minis Tirith on my own." She seemed wistful now. "You must think of me as both childish and naïve." Aranel took her time to answer. "Not childish," Aranel finally replied. "Though, if I may be so bold as to say, yes you are naïve. Why would you be unarmed this late? Surely a lady of your stature has had some formal training in the art of defense?" There was a small smile in the Lady's voice. "It is true, I am proficient with a bow, but I had not taken it fearing that it would be stolen." "A knife perhaps my lady? It is easier to hide and more useful