(Disclaimer: I do not own the Harry Potter Stories or any of the main characters, only the plot and a few momentary characters are mine. I've tried to stick as close to Rowling's stories as possible, but as the story progresses, I will deviate from it. Apologies for the swearing, tried to keep it at a minimum but the story didn't feel authentic without it.) Chapter 1: The Battle of Hogwarts Draco Malfoy sat in a gilded armchair near the fireplace in the library at Malfoy Manor, his shaking hands resting over his haunted eyes. Memories of pain travelled through him in a wave, echoes of what it meant to fail the Dark Lord. In his mind, his mother's screams rang and crashed against defensive walls and iron doors, faintly echoed by the voice of another, which he quickly stifled. He had known it would come to this, as soon as he had seen Potter and his friends in Greyback's grasp. Potter always escaped, always won. There had been no room for the pity, for the compassion, which knocked at his heart when he had seen, from the corner of his eye, the two brown eyes filled with pain. But the part of him that he had locked away years ago, before he ever learned occlumency, whispered still, This is wrong. This is wrong. You should help. With each death he witnessed, with each death he failed to fulfill the whisper had become more urgent, more real. With an inaudible roar of rage, visible in his grey eyes, he slammed his palms against the bookshelf in front of him. A book slipped off the shelf and fell to the floor with a quiet shuffling of pages. He would control his emotions they would not betray him. He was a Death Eater, he would be cold and proud and made of stone, his life depended on his ability to control himself. He turned towards the window and stare out at the cold, grim morning light. A star twinkled far and away, one last dwindling memory of the terrors of the night. Stars were supposed to be a symbol of home, but there was no hope, not really. The star was lying, if Potter was foolish enough to get himself caught, then Voldemort would win, he must win. And the only hope for anyone would be to serve him, and even that would hold no hope for...but he, he was stone, he was the icy cold of devotion to the cause. And still his mother's screams raged in his head like fire, and memories shoved themselves against the doors of his mind, asking to be set free. "No." He whispered. "I have my duty, I will do it there is nothing else for me." And though he feared death, he also longed for it. Longed to be free of the chains that bound him to his lord, to the Dark Arts. His life was never free. At 17 he was imprisoned in a world where the lives of his parents depended on his ability to carry out tasks that were completely against his nature, and he knew that one day Lord Voldemort would realize this, if he did not already. He turned and picked the book up off the ground, closing it as he did, and he stared at the cover in amazement. The title was Remorse and the Dark Arts by Nathaniel Prewitt. Remorse. The words sank into him like a stone, touching his soul, and calling for something from him. But he did not know what it was, so he shut himself off from it, feeling, as he did so the burning blackness that he could sense growing inside of him. It was a black taint creeping into his soul, slowly becoming a part of him, one that haunted his dreams as he slept. He moved his arm to place the book high on the shelf from which it had fallen, but his hand twitched on the way upward, and instead, half-unconsciously, he shoved it into a deep pocket in his robes. One small gesture of hope for his soul, tarnished by all the evil he had done and all the good that he had failed to do. He stayed home after the holidays, delaying the return that would eventually be required of him. He made excuses that it was really only his NEWTs that he needed to worry about, and he could study much more effectively at home without the distractions of the other students. He shut himself off from everything, hoping to delay the inevitable attack against his soul, caring only for himself and his mother, angry with his father. It was his father who had brought this on them, with his obsession with blood privilege and purity. His father whose greed and thirst for power had brought the Dark Lord into their home, and turned their life into a living death. He shuddered as he thought of his aunt, who he avoided because every time he saw her, into his mind flashed a red line and drops of blood on the neck of the mudblood he should despise, and the memory sickened him. He missed his wand, yearning for its comforting presence in his hand. His mother lent him hers for his homework, but it did not have the same familiarity, the same intuitive knowledge of what he required in order to perform a spell. It did not accept him. He sat with his mother in her private parlor in the evenings, pretending to write letters to Blaise Zambini or Theodore Knott. But he never wrote anything important, it was merely an exercise to explain his presence. Then, late one day, his father entered the room, his ashen, stubble-marred face containing the same crazed excitement in his eyes that entered them every time he glimpsed an opportunity for redemption. "Come, Draco, the Dark Lord has need of you. You must come. To the drawing room, now." And with an excited swirl of robes, he was gone. Reluctantly Draco rose slowly, but hurried away when he saw the anxiety in his mother's eyes as she rose to follow. It would not do to keep the Dark Lord waiting, punishment would be severe, and punishment was always worse than the crime. The Dark Lord seemed more and more unstable the longer Potter remained in the shadows, and now that he had escaped...Draco shuddered and emptied from his mind all but one thought. One tremendous lie behind which he placed all his power, enforcing and cementing it in his mind, until only the smallest corner of his consciousness knew that it was untrue. He entered the room of his nightmares, and knelt before his hated lord. "I am here to serve you my lord." He said, not lifting his gaze, prepared for the onslaught that he knew would invade his mind. His defenses held, his practice had paid off. All the Dark Lord detected in him was a blank and whole devotion to the cause, and a shame at his own failures as a servant to so powerful a master. "Good, good." Voldemort muttered, "Draco, you have learned well to bend your will to your master. But there is something I require from you yet again, and perhaps this time you will not fail me so severely as you did the last time I awarded you a special task." The Dark Lord laid a caressing hand Lucius and Narcissa's shoulders as he hissed the words. "It would be good, Draco, would it not, to rectify the failures of your family and win back your former place of honor among my ranks?" And Draco read the barely veiled threat, and knew that if he failed one of his parents would pay a price. "Draco, you must return to Hogwarts tonight." "To-tonight my lord?" Narcissa's voice shook slightly. "Quiet woman!" Voldemort said. "This is not your concern. The boy is of age." And with that small corner of his mind that remained his own, Draco felt his hatred of the monster blossom. "At some point, possibly sooner than later, it is possible that Harry Potter will return to Hogwarts, it is your duty to find him when he does and bring him to me. Succeed and your family will be restored, fail and there will be… consequences. You must not fail." Draco nodded, and said with cold respect. "Thank you, my lord, for this opportunity to restore my family's honor. I will leave at once." He turned to go. But Voldemort's voice called him back, silky and cruel. "Draco." He rasped, "You are forgetting something, you must take your mother's wand, since yours was so foolishly lost." The thinly veiled threat against his parents was not lost to him. Wordlessly he accepted his mother's wand, hating the action in his heart, knowing that he was leaving his parents with little defense, in a house of death eaters. He listened blankly to the rest of his instructions, bowed to the Dark Lord, and left the room. He saw his aunt in the hallway and she called to him, but he pretended not to answer, and quickly turned away. He grabbed his traveling cloak from his room, and strode from the house. Draco disapparated from outside the Manor gates, apparating into Hogsmead, he felt the cold chill of the lurking Dementors and the quietness of the formerly bustling village. He could feel the dementors, hovering on the edges of the school. His Mark burned briefly, and he knew that his Master had been called. Blending into the shadows, barely more than a shadow himself, he crept stealthily but swiftly up to the school and let himself in, unseen. The school was filled with an atmosphere of fear and dread, but a faint defiance hung in the air. He saw the faint outline of magical graffiti on the wall in front of him, in ragged letters carved into the rock, Dumbledore's Army, Still Recruiting. "Foolish Longbottom." He sneered, but there was a sadness deep inside, a faint yearning that he quickly brushed away. In the distance he heard a faint scream, a defiant student being tortured, perhaps. And suddenly his face was weary and worn, a fleeting look that vanished instantly leaving behind a face all ice and stone. Pale as though carved from rock, emotionless as a pane of glass. He heard the sounds of a duel break out, and silently unseen, glanced around a corner to see Flitwick and McGonagal battling with Headmaster Snape. Heard the crash as the tall, black haired man leaped through the window and flew across the grounds. He saw Potter materialize from under that damned cloak of his, but this was not the time, surrounded as he was on all sides. So he stayed in the shadows and waited, watching as the student's were gathered, and those too young, or who were suspected of devotion to the Dark Lord, were sent away. He lost sight of Potter, and the Dark Lord's announcement rang with a special menace for him, as he pictured his parents, wandless, defenseless, waiting for whatever doom the Dark Lord deemed appropriate. As the battle broke out, he stayed away from it, knowing with a strange certainty that Potter was not engaging in the battle. Potter who had always fought bravely, Potter who stood up for his friends, Potter who he knew, from the strange instinct born by years of rivalry, would never allow others to suffer unless there was a greater need to be filled by staying away from a fight. He searched the castle, finally making his way up to the hall where the Room of Requirement used to be. He sensed Crabbe and Goyle's presence before he saw them. Seeing their feet sticking out from the bottom of what looked like a couple of tapestries hanging in the hall, a botched disillusionment charm. He smirked and approached them from the side. "I