Summary: This is essentially just smut with no plot. Warnings: D/s themes, slight humiliation, kind of dub-con, face-fucking, anal sex, office sex, boss/secretary, roleplay A/N: I am sin, and I really couldn't help myself on this one. I'm sorry! Maybe it was Draco Malfoy's upbringing, but he was a man of unfailing habit. His routine was rigid and practically inflexible, and he insisted on everything being a certain way. Firstly, he always had to have three quills on his desk. Hermione had enquired why the number had to be three—surely two was enough?—but Malfoy had spent ten minutes explaining the variety of flaws one could encounter with a quill; breakage, dulling, ink splodging, uncomfortable grip, and statistically, one should have three quills to increase the probability of having one that works perfectly. Secondly, the handle on his mug of his tea always had to be pointing outwards. Draco had explained, in another of their fascinating discussions, that he was more likely to knock to handle if it was facing inwards, sloshing the contents of his cup, ruining his precious work. The mug also had to sit on the right-hand side of his desk, so he could grab it with his right hand while writing—being the left-handed oddity he was. Hermione had attempted to tease him light-heartedly about his 'deformity' but all she'd earnt was a single raised eyebrow, and a 'do you have the copies or not, Granger?' Thirdly, he didn't like lateness. In Malfoy's ordered world, tardiness was the gravest of all sins. Usually, Hermione arrived at least half-an-hour before he graced the office with his presence, preparing his schedule for the day, and brewing a cup of tea strong enough to stand a spoon in. Usually . But usually, Crookshanks didn't vomit a concerningly green substance just before Hermione left, meaning she had to drive him to the nearest animal hospital—which happened to be Muggle. Usually, she didn't have to wait an hour to see a vet—had everyone else's animals decided to get sick that Monday morning?—before Hermione had discovered, upon arriving home (the cat remaining at said hospital) that Crookshanks had ingested all of her Floo powder. She'd rushed back to the hospital, nervous that the discovery of Floo powder by Muggles would be a grievous breach of the Statue of Secrecy, even if it was in her cat's vomit. To then top it all off, her lack of Floo powder meant she'd had to travel all the way into central London to flush herself into the Ministry, not having high enough clearance to Apparate directly to the Atrium. So Hermione's usual eight am start, on that Monday morning, had turned into a ten forty-two am start, a serious breach of Malfoy etiquette. She rapped on his office door, listening at the wood for his permission to enter. Hermione couldn't help like feeling a little like a lamb waltzing into the slaughter yard, neck stretched out in invitation. Malfoy's scolding's were legendary, colder and quieter in nature than most others, but undeniably lethal. "Come in." It was muffled through the wood of his door, impossible to detect any kind of preliminary mood to his voice, so Hermione had not even the slightest warning to what she would face. Hermione let herself in quickly, striding to stand before his impressive mahogany desk. His entire office was decorated in this fashion—dark wood bookshelves, heavy with novels and volumes; looming cabinets and hutches, neatly displaying artefacts and trophies of his travels and achievements. The only reprieve from the dominating furniture were the dashes of green around the room—the heavy satin curtains, his ergonomically engineered desk chair, all were united by the same shade of royal emerald. "It's quarter to eleven, Miss Granger." Malfoy indicated after an appropriate silence, just long enough to leave Hermione squirming. He nodded towards a grandfather clock in the corner of the room, as though Hermione needed the reminder of the time, as though she hadn't been checking her watch every five minutes for the last two hours. "I'm so sorry, sir," she said quickly, "Crookshanks fell ill, and I had to—" Malfoy held up a hand, immediately silencing her. Hermione felt her face flush—for, one, allowing herself to be silenced by this man, and, two, for hearing how ridiculous her spluttering excuses sounded as she replayed them in her mind. Even though she loathed to admit it, all evidence of the weak-willed and pretentious boy from their school years had all but disappeared. He was a fearsome bureaucrat, able to turn his charisma and good humour on and off as though he had a switch. His presence commandeered the attention of a room entirely, able to persuade anyone from individuals to large groups to subscribe to his way of thinking, negotiating trade deals and contracts with enviable finesse. It probably didn't hurt, either, that the cut of both his form and jaw inspired many giggling sessions over the office water coolers. And judging by the press and tailoring of his suits, Malfoy knew it. Hermione had grit her teeth and refused to view him that way—her interest in the upkeep of professionalism was probably part of the reason why he'd hired her. But sometimes, in the depths in her mind where she couldn't deny it to even herself, she'd admitted that Malfoy was fucking gorgeous —the prat. "I didn't ask, Miss Granger." The arrogance in his tone infuriated her a little, as though her slight mistake had given him leave to treat her with such discourtesy. How often, after two years of working for him, had she been late? If her memory served correctly, she couldn't remember the last time. "Well, sir, if I may go back to my desk and resume my duties, then?" Hermione tried to keep the acidity out of her tone, but it was there all the same, her hackles raised. Malfoy considered her for a moment, apparently enjoying having her wait on his response, before waving a hand dismissively. Even the movement itself was arrogant, as though she weren't worth even forming words for. But instead of snapping— Merlin did she want to —Hermione simply gritted her teeth, turning to stride from his office. But she'd barely taken two steps, not even halfway through the expansive room, when something flew from the bookshelves, landing on the floor directly before her. It was, as would be expected from the place it flew, a book, titled unremarkably; Potion Feats of the Early 17th Century: A Detailed Guide . The distance it had travelled was the unusual part however, far too great to be any feat of gravity. She snapped around to glare suspiciously at Malfoy, but he appeared to be preoccupied with the paperwork across his desk. Reaching into her blazer pocket—Hermione had always preferred Muggle attire to the swampy robes in summer months like these—she produced her wand, returning the book to its place on the shelf. But, as soon as the book touched the shelf, it flew back to its spot before Hermione, as though it hadn't moved at all. Turning, again, to fix Malfoy with a nasty look, she was surprised to find he was no longer preoccupied with his paperwork, and was now watching the debacle with some amusement, in the form of a smirk, plastered on his far-too-pretty mug. "Well," he nodded at the book on the floor, "pick it up, Miss Granger." Suddenly far more conscious now that she was being watched, Hermione slithered into an awkward crouch, entirely aware of pencil skirt and the embarrassment it could potentially cause her. Finally, after too much of her ungraceful manoeuvring, she fetched the book from the floor, rising and striding for the bookshelf it had evacuated. But as she stretched her arm to return the book, it flew from her grip, landing once more on the spot she'd twice moved it from. Her frustration was mounting, bubbling over at this ridiculous game that Malfoy insisted on playing—she had work to do, making up for the hours Malfoy was so annoyed she'd missed, "Malfoy!" she growled, outright glowering at her boss. Malfoy wasn't feigning disinterest anymore, sitting forward in his chair, elbows resting on the surface of his desk, fingertips bridged, watching her with a renewed hardness in his gaze. "Granger. Pick up the book." It wasn't an invitation, it was a command, his irrefutable tone not open for argument. Something in his insistence warmed something deep inside Hermione, an area of herself that she attempted to smother during work hours—a dirty little voice that only whispered in her moments she shared with no one but a vibrating charm and her imagination, which always got carried away in those few seconds before orgasm. "I…" she gnawed on her lip, torn between her overwhelming compulsion to maintain professionalism, and the faint voice in her head encouraging her on this path, just too see where it went. It was clear Malfoy was in a dangerous mood, if the glitter of his eye was anything to go by. "If it helps," Malfoy's voice was low, "pick it up as you would if you were alone." Hermione knew how that would look, bending at the waist, uncaring of how far up her skirt rose, not afraid of 'appropriateness' in her own company. She often paraded around her apartment naked—especially in the summer months—with nothing but Crookshanks' unamused eyes on her. But the tingle was growing to a pooling warmth, just as insistent as Malfoy's eyes on the hem of skirt, and the faint voice grew louder. The heat prickling under her skin, dancing down her spine, made her nerves feel extra-sensitive, aware of how her lace underwear rubbed and gripped as she shifted, the lovely friction of her thighs in the micro-movements she was barely aware of. She bent at the middle, reaching for the troublesome book, trying to ignore the flush of embarrassment pinkening her face. The breeze she could feel on the back of her thighs was an indicator of how high her skirt had ridden. She knew Malfoy's view would be generous, the combination of embarrassment and arousal created a confusing roiling sensation in her stomach, which she attempted to quash as she finally laid hands on the book. The whole display felt as though it had taken hours of her time—her humiliation and uncertainty making it stretch—and she was longingly aware of the distance between herself and the door. The risk-taking, rarely-heeded voice was egging Hermione on, wanting to see where this dangerous little situation would take her—and her arousal seconded the idea, sensing its possible satiation. Hermione moved to stand, both hands firmly gripping the book lest it fly away again. But—much to her horror and titillation, she found herself firmly stuck in place, glued to the book, which in turn, was stuck to the floor. She was stuck in this mortifying position, bent over in a ridiculously exposing stance in front of her boss's desk. She heard Malfoy leave his chair, as opposed to seeing it, her vision narrowed by her current situation. But the sliding of his chair again the wooden floor was unmistakable, as were the heavy but slow footsteps that followed, soon close enough to make Hermione shiver. It was as though her skin was overly aware of the slight changes in the air, sensing Malfoy's body heat, the pulse rippling under the surface, warning of his approach. Hermione's instinct was planning potential escape—but her wand was back in her blazer pocket, far too tightly wedged to manoeuvre it out, and the fuzzy feeling in her lower belly slowing her usually sharp reaction time, thoughts slowing in its honey-like sweetness. Then Malfoy was there, humming in amusement, "Garters, Granger? Isn't that rather… cliché?" Hermione was huffing out an explanation before she wanted to, trying to ease her own embarrassment, "Tights are uncomfortable—they roll down." She said quickly, "Malfoy, please, I have work I need to—" Her sentence was cut off rather abruptly as