AN: I just finished reading the books, and I immediately started reading fan fiction when I was done. Since then, I haven't been able to get this scenario out of my head. So, I finally wrote it down. Hopefully I'll actually finish this story...I have a bad habit of never finishing, even though I work it all out in my head :P Rated M for graphic violence in later chapters. There's nothing too sexual though, only implications and above the waist stuff. I don't own the characters, they're Suzanne Collins', etc. The 56th Hunger Games It was Effie Trinket's first year as a Capitol escort. True, District 12 had been the only spot available, and she would never have freely chosen it, but Effie had actually grown a little fond of the small, unpopular district. She was always one to make the best of a bad situation. At the age of 25, it was quite rare to attain such a prestigious position in the first place. Surely, her family's elite status had helped her out, but Effie liked to think it was her submission tape that set her apart from the other candidates. Along with attending multiple interviews, each escort hopeful had to prepare a short video about the district, something that would show its strengths and make a Capitol citizen at least mildly consider going there. Even though Effie had been spoiled for most of her life, the reason she got what she wanted 99% of the time was because she was passionate, stubborn, a hard worker, a perfectionist, and above all, organized. After going through hours and hours of film, mostly focusing on the two former victors, she produced a video that made even herself excited to visit District 12. But when she finally got there to select the tributes for the 56th Hunger Games, she realized just how much the Capitol's camera crews had disguised the coal miner's troubles. The sad gray buildings and starving faces were almost too much for her to bear as she walked through the streets toward the Victor's Village. One of the biggest surprises about District 12 was the state in which she found Haymitch Abernathy. She would be embarrassed to admit it even to her closest friends, but she had had a little crush on him ever since his Games. Maybe it was because Effie, for some reason, always rooted for the underdog. Not publicly of course. Publicly she supported, and even bet on, the favourite to win. But secretly, she always had a little ray of hope that an unpopular tribute would be crowned victor. When she was 5 years old, she had been ecstatic that the nerdy little boy from District 3 won by outsmarting the strong Careers, but her parents got mad at her because they lost a lot of money on their bet, so since then she's kept those feelings mostly to herself. She would be embarrassed to admit that since editing the footage of Haymitch's Games, her little crush had grown slightly more intense. The first time they met she even blushed a little, not that he noticed it under her heavy make-up. She found him at this house, to escort him to the Reaping, and was pleased to find the 22 year old was just as handsome as ever, although his hair was longer and wavier. He wasn't wearing a shirt, and she couldn't help but notice that his muscles hadn't lost any of the tone they'd had in his Games. And he still looked remarkably strong. But as soon as he started to talk she realized he was hung over, or probably still drunk, and her hopes of helping District 12 win plummeted. "So, you're the new escort?" he slurred after she introduced herself. "What kind of a name is Effie anyway? Effie. Effie. Eff. Eff you!" He gave her a goofy smile and leaned on his door frame. Effie cleared her throat and had to stop herself from glaring at him. "Yes well, what kind of a name is Haymitch?" she said, trying to contain her anger. "Is it short for Haymitchell?" Haymitch laughed loudly and slapped her on the arm (harder than he had intended because she almost fell over). As he walked inside to get cleaned up he looked back at her. "I think I'm going to like you, Eff." The former escort for 12 had warned her about Haymitch's almost constant drinking. But, she'd also said that he usually toned it down during the Games, to help his tributes. Effie hoped he would sober up soon, especially since the older victor had died this past year, so Haymitch was the only mentor the tributes would have. Luckily, Effie managed to escort Haymitch safely up to the Justice Building, but as the ceremony began, she once again saw just how much the Capitol had managed to gloss over. When she saw the sad, pale faces of the children, how skinny they were, and how they couldn't possibly stand a chance against the strong fighters from the Career Tribute's forces, she momentarily questioned the morality of the Games. But, Effie had never been one for politics. Besides, she reasoned as she stepped up to the podium to say her little speech, the districts had all agreed to this, right? This was the best solution, to save the greatest number of people, right? With this reassuring little lie in mind, she stepped up to the podium with a bright smile. "H-Happy Hunger Games! And may the odds be ever in your favour!" She was relieved to notice a change in Haymitch as soon as he stepped on the train. Suddenly, he was encouraging their tributes, asking them about their strengths, and giving them tips on how to survive. She breathed a heavy sigh of relief and relaxed a bit. They were the underdogs, but maybe she and Haymitch had a chance of producing a victor. Over the next week in the Capitol, they worked their butts off to help the kids recognize their talents, and more importantly, they tried to get sponsors. She was surprised to find that the drunk victor she had met not too long ago turned out to be almost as hard working as she was. But none of it mattered. It didn't matter, because as soon as Claudius Templesmith opened the Games, and the gong finally stopped ringing, all hell broke loose. The girl, Poppy, was the first to die. She ran off her platform, away from the Cornucopia, just as Haymitch had instructed. But there were so many tributes it was impossible to avoid running into someone. Effie sat frozen on the couch in the Training Centre, watching the blood pool quickly around Poppy's head. Until this moment, she had never registered just how how much blood there was in the Games. Sure, you see it every year, especially at the bloodbath, but Effie had never watched too carefully, she supposed. She always watched the games with friends, or family, and everyone was distracted enough not to notice the real pain, and all that blood… Were the people of the Capitol really that blind? That stupid? Had she really been one of them only a week ago? Effie had loved the Games her whole life, but had she ever seen the tributes as people? As children? No, they brainwashed you into ignoring it, into ignoring the fact that real humans, with thoughts and dreams, were dying. People were groaning around her. The stylists and prep teams were talking quickly in their stupid shrill voices, saying that Brynn still had a chance. He was a faster runner than the girl. Effie didn't even realize that Haymitch rose beside her until he flopped back down and put a cold glass in her hand. She brought it to her lips without caring what it was, and cringed as the large amount of vodka and small amount of orange juice burned down her throat. She almost smiled at Haymitch's failed attempt at a mixed drink, but at this point she wasn't sure if she would ever smile again. "Too strong for you, Princess?" Haymitch asked, not unkindly. Effie silently shook her head and took another sip. He had been watching her ever since Poppy got hit. Seeing her reaction convinced him that the ditsy Capitol girl he met just last week was dead, or at least dying. It turned out Brynn wasn't fast enough after all, because within the next few minutes, he was dead too. Shot in the back with an arrow by a tribute who had managed to escape the bloodbath. So that was it, both the kids were dead. The stylists and prep teams left quickly, off to some party. Haymitch patted Effie lightly on the knee and got up again, but Effie couldn't move. She was barely registering what happened on screen, her heart was breaking with the deaths of her tributes. She had tried her damn hardest, and she knew Haymitch had too, but those kids still died. They didn't even have a chance. She now understood just a little bit why he couldn't live with himself and turned to alcohol for the rest of the year. She allowed tears to silently roll down her cheeks, and she made no attempt to wipe them off. It was hours before Effie finally turned away from the screen. She didn't know it, but she was subconsciously waiting for the final confirmation that her tributes were dead. Around midnight, she saw the faces projected across the night sky. Both from 5, one from 6, one from 7, both from 8, both from 9, and then finally, Poppy's beaming face, with her short blonde curls, and Brynn, only 13, with messy black hair and a shy smile. Effie stumbled from her seat, not sure exactly where she would go or what she would do. She felt someone watching her, and looked across the giant room to see Haymitch gazing at her. He was sitting at the dining room table, slightly hunched, with a glass in his hand and two bottles of whiskey beside him, one empty and one about half full. She walked over to him, realizing about halfway there that this was no time to be walking in heals, so she kicked them off and lost about 2 inches off her height. Effie poured some more vodka and orange juice into her emptied glass (a more reasonable ratio this time) and sat down beside Haymitch. She suddenly felt angry, seeing him there like that, numbing his pain with alcohol. But she wasn't angry at him, she was angry at the image of him. Not only did the Capitol kill 23 children every year, but the ones who survived were left to…to this. Depressed, guilt-ridden, broken, and unable to live with themselves. She didn't know why, but she suddenly took all this anger out of the only person she knew would understand. "So this is what you do every year?" She yelled louder than she meant to, and Haymitch cringed. "Sober up, help them, then as soon as they're dead you get drunk again?" Haymitch gave a derisive laugh. "Yeah, you should try it." Effie glared at him and downed her drink. Haymitch laughed as she got up to make another, stronger this time. She lost count of how many drinks she had, but for the next few hours she and Haymitch had almost a good time, considering. They drank and shared far more information about each other than an escort and mentor probably should. This was when Effie found out far more about the life of a victor than she'd ever known. How some are prostituted off by the president. How Haymitch's reward was having his family killed... Neither of them remembered how, but at 4:00 AM, they ended up drunkenly dancing around the living room, which in their state mostly consisted of spinning, banging into furniture, and sometimes falling