It Was Never Her Summary: Knowing it was too risky for the Volturi to know about Bella, Alice makes the decision to bring another to save her brother. And doing so, she changes a future that wasn't completely sewn in . Disclaimer: I don't own any of the Twilight franchise. If only though... Notes: Starts off with New Moon ending. Not exactly how it went in the movie or book. For one, I didn't watch New Moon as much as the other movies. So bear with me. It transitions into the other movies/books, too. Also the imprints that happened, didn't happen... except Sam's. For the sake of certain relationships that happen in this fic. *insert kitty face there* Again bear with me if you love me. Warnings: yaoi, change of plot (consider the note above), cussing, drama (DRAMA BOMB!), violence, OOCness, graphics, sexual content, etc. Enjoy! "Have you decided?" "I'm afraid your gifts are too valuable to destroy. But if you're unhappy with your lot, join us. We'd be delighted to utilize your skills." "So you won't end this." It wasn't a question. "Not without a cause." He stands, his face showing little determination, eyes filled with pain. He walks out the room, ignoring the small smile from the dark man. "Such a waste." "No. He can't do that!" "I've seen this, Bella. The Volturi rejects his proposal. He'll reveal himself just for his death." Jacob could see the hint of remorse and fear within Bella's brown eyes. And somehow... he could feel it, too. His eyes went to the smaller girl. Alice, he believed her name was, was trembling . "He'll die, Bella. Unless he knows you're alive. He has to know you're alive." "Wait. Edward is going to kill himself?", Jacob asked, looking in between the two. He was in shock to believe it. How could Edward go about his way because he thought Bella was dead? He didn't come to see if it was true . What a co- "He's going to try to. We have to stop him.", Alice said, interrupting the new shifter's inner thoughts. "I'll go. I'll go and show him that I'm very much alive." Alice snapped her golden gaze to the human. "No. You're staying here. We can't risk the Volturi actually knowing you. Besides you jumping off a cliff led to this." "But-" "No buts, Bella. Jacob, come with me." "What?", the other two asked, both turning to glance at Alice in shock. "Why me?" "Edward doesn't know you well. He won't expect you coming... or Bella. He won't be able to recognize your thoughts off the bat if he does pick up on you. But you can get to him faster and any vampire there may actually resist you because of your sten-smell. Also, you're someone close to Bella to assure him that she's alive." Jacob thought about it for a minute. How could he save the vampire? "I..." "Jacob?" The younger looked at Bella, her eyes suddenly filled with warm tears. "Jake, if not for saving Edward... do it for me. A best friend." The shifter stiffened at her words. Save Edward? The guy that held the heart to the girl he loved? His rival? "Bells... I can't-" "We don't have much time. If you won't do it for her, at least think about our treaty. If you save Edward, we'll be in your debt. We-" Jacob turned to he quickly, holding his hands up. "No. No. I'll help. I'll go save him." Alice smiled. Despite their opposing scents, she hugged him tightly. "Great. Now let's get you some proper clothing for Italy." He couldn't believe it. He couldn't believe that now he was sitting on a plane to Italy. Sitting between Alice and Seth no less. Yes, Seth was there. Before leaving the very next day, Jacob went to Sam to tell him that he was going to Italy. When he explained the reason behind it, Sam was shocked but understood. He stated that one of the pack members had to accompany him though. Seth, newly shifted due to his father's death, volunteered. Sam didn't decline. Jacob figured it was because it gave Seth time to get away for a bit and relax from attending his father's funeral. Also because he didn't want anything happen to Seth while Victoria was still out there. He was considered a pup. Jacob didn't argue and now here was the two young boys sitting on a plane to the foreign country. The younger was sleeping, mumbling gibberish. "He's so young." Jacob looked over to Alice. "Huh?" "Him.", she said, nudging to Seth's direction. "He's very young." "Shifted at fourteen.", Jacob added, rubbing Seth's arm gently. The younger was dressed in dark red button shirt, the sleeves rolled up to his elbows. The first one and bottom two buttons loose. His legs were covered by black slim cut jeans. Jacob was in dark blue slim cut jeans and a black tee that shaped out his figure. Over it was a dark green button shirt he wore open. Alice insisted the boys wore some more appropriate clothing. Seth didn't seem to mind. And Jacob found it reasonable. They couldn't wonder in an unknown place in just cutoffs. "We'll be there in a couple of hours. You should rest, too.", Alice assured. Jacob immediately felt sleep after those words were spoken. He wasn't going to protest. He didn't feel there was a need when she was right. Who knew what would happen? It took nearly 12 hours to arrive in Italy. Alice had "rented" a car for them to get them from the airport to Volterra. Seth was literally clinging to his seat at the speed she was driving. She barely misses a car. "Alice!" "Seth, it's okay. I have to drive this fast to get to Volterra." "Explain to me one more time why we have to save Edward." "He's gonna reveal himself to the humans. If he manages, he gives Aro a reason to kill him, which will actually come true if we don't make it in time." "Okay. I got that. But I don't understand who Aro or the Volturi is.", Jacob admitted. He was curious and needed to know what he was up against. "The Volturi... you could say they're like the monarchy of vampires. Aro is the leader. Ruling beside him is Caius and Marcus. The Volturi makes sure that we vampires are not known to human society. If a human knows, they must be turned or die." "Rule?" "Yeah. Also, Aro is one that... favors." "As in?", Seth further questioned, relaxing a bit in his seat. "Aro likes to take in vampires with gifts. Those with worthy gifts of course. It's why he didn't kill Edward when he first asked." "He's a telepath.", Jacob reminded more to himself, and revealing it to Seth. "I guess this Aro guy finds his gift of use." "Actually you're right. Aro is actually in pursue of me and Edward. He finds my gift of use, too. There's no one like me. Aro has a couple of vampires with gifts himself. His most prized vampires are twins, Alec and Jane." "What can they do?" "Alec has a vapor. A mist that can take away the senses. Making one never feel, see, hear, or even taste. Jane is able to make you feel pain just by a stare." "Alec must be the more dangerous." "He is. He can bring death to millions in one go. But Jane, her creepy appearance and how she portrays herself helps bring the fear to others of her." "Can't wait to meet her.", Jacob sassed sarcastically. Alice chuckled. "I bet." Up ahead the trio spotted structred tall light tan buildings. Jacob felt his heart stop for a second. Realization hit him. "Edward's there... Bella's Edward..." He felt a hint of anger. The girl he loved depended on him to save the vampire who had her heart. He didn't have a chance. Ever. "I should just give up on her. Bella obviously loves him more than she could ever love me... but I could do this. As her best friend." "Here we are.", Alice announced. Seth and Jacob looked out the windows a bit. "Hm." They turned to her when they heard her gasp. Jacob saw her eyelids fluttered. "Alice?" "He's going to show himself at noon. Under the clock tower. They see and he's killed." Jacob bit his lip. From a distance, he could see said clock tower and saw it was eight minutes to noon. "No. Alice... we-" "Red cloaks! Three o'clock!" Alice stopped the car in time. The three watched as numerous people dressed in red pranced around. There was music and prancing. Jacob sighed loudly. "What the hell?!" "Parade. For San Marco Day Festival. Of course he would choose this as a chance. It's the perfect setting with a large crowd of humans.", Alice said, looking at the two. "Special day." "Fuck a special day! We have to go!" "You two go. I can't leave. The sun's out and I'll make it worse." "Okay.", Seth said, jumping out the car. Jacob looked at Alice. "Clock tower?" "Yes! Now go save my brother!" Jacob nodded, rushing out the car. He could feel his legs burn as he pushed his way through the crowd, Seth being not too far behind. Many found it rude of him, cursing him in a language he didn't know. But Jacob paid no mind to it. He had to go save Edward. "Jacob! The clock tower is up ahead!" The two came closer as the clock tower came into view more. They stopped at a majestic designed fountain. The older of the two could make out a tall figure coming from under the tower. His breath hitched when he realized who it was. "Edward..." The sound of noon heard above. "No... no..." He watched as Edward began to remove his shirt, his eyes downcast in sorrow. Before he knew it, Jacob felt his legs move again, the burning returning. "Edward! Don't!" Seth gasped when Jacob ran into the fountain, his legs getting wet by the cold liquid. But it didn't matter. What mattered was saving a life. "Edward! EDWARD!" The vampire didn't seem to hear him. He stepped closer out into the sunlight, his chest beginning to glow. "NO! SHE'S ALIVE!" Edward felt another mass of weight collide with his. He immediately smelled a sweet scent. Maybe sweeter than Bella's. "She's alive, Edward. Bella's alive." Edward seem to have felt life being brought back into him. He didn't know if it was the words said to him or the warmth pressed against his cold skin. He looked down, spotting a mop of short jet black hair. "She's okay, Edward. Bella's alive and waiting for you. She wants you back, Edward. Don't do this to her." The vampire could hear soft sobs. He stepped back to look at the younger. He recognized the face, but faintly. He looked like the boy Bella was friends with, just have shorter hair. He saw small tears gathering up in warm brown eyes. Edward swore a hint of sadness hit his unbeating heart. Reality hit him when he realized what the boy said. "Bella is alive?" Jacob nodded. "Yes. Read my mind if you don't believe me, but she's alive.", he repeated once more. He was actually getting tired from saying it. He backed away from the vampire. He noticed how pale Edward was. His now fading depression made him look even more pale. And sickly. Edward wanted to doubt Jacob's words, not sure who he was. He looked into his mind and saw his sister, Alice. "He knows Alice?" He continued looking into the younger's mind. He found past visuals and sounds of Bella. His Bella. "She... she is alive." "Jake!" The two turned to the entrance of the tower to see Seth running to him. Edward only saw this boy in Jacob's mind just a few seconds