A Twilight Fanfic - A Day With the Cullens and Quileutes Summary: The Cullens and the Quileutes are on good terms now. So what more than to show great friendship than having a small picnic party? Wait, why is Jacob hugging that tree?! Edward's trying to what?! Why is everybody playing Uno?! Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight. If I did, I would be . But I'm not. So yeah. Notes: There will be boyxboy, crazyness, randomness, OOCness, and cussing. The Volturi are featured in this. Not to cause havoc though. Just to be there. Oh, Edward and Bella aren't a couple. If you don't like it, please go. A Day With the Cullens and Quileutes "Do I have to?" This is the common asked question to an adult. It's also the most annoying. "Yes, you have to." "But he will be there." The man in the wheelchair glanced up at his son. "Jacob, you're being a child right now." Said teen, moved from his position from leaning against the wall. "No, I'm not. Dad, I don't like him. He irriates me." "As if you don't irriate him?" Jacob opened his mouth to protest, then closed it. "Point taken." Billy simply chuckled. "Now go finish getting dressed." When Jacob went to his room, Sam entered the Blacks' home. "He was being stupid again, wasn't he?", he asked. Billy sighed. "You have no idea." Sam rolled his eyes. "Dear God, I hope they don't act retarded or something during the picnic." "Hey!" The two adults looked up to see a pouting Jacob. "I don't act like that." "You are now." "You are." "No. You are, Jacob." "Bite me!" "I'll leave Edward up to that.", Sam teased. Jacob blushed, resisting the urge to strangle the pack's Alpha. One, Sam may know Jacob actually had a crush on Edward. Two, if he knew, the whole pack knew. Three, if the pack knew, then Edward knew. Four, if Edward knew, Jacob's life is over. "Shut up. Don't mention that leech to me." "Aaahh... is little Jakey missing his Eddie?" "Shut the hell up! I don't like him like that! Bad enough I have to see him." In truth, Jake was kind of wanting to see the vampire. He wouldn't admit it, but it he had a small crush on Edward. Sam patted Jacob's head and grabbed his hand. "Come on! We have a picnic to attend." (LATER) "I knew I smelt a mutt around here." "Shut it, blondie, or I'll rip you a new one." Rosalie growled at the teen. "As if!" "Rose, Jake, refrain yourselves from killing each. Your emotions are a raving rollercoaster.", Jasper hissed, glaring at the two. Seeing that Jake and Rose were about to pounce and try and kill each other, Edward and Emmett decided to interfere. "Yeah. You're wrecking Jasper's sanity, Jacob." Jacob sent a death glare towards Edward, who in turn smirked. 'Fucking leech.' "Jacob, you don't have to insult me." Jacob blushed. He grumbled and ran on the other side of the field. It didn't take long, when soon the two parties had everything set for the picnic... cookout... whatever you want to call it. Billy, Esme and Carlisle were over at one table under the cover-up, discussing their children. Sam, Jared, Paul, and Emmett were goofing off in the outer field. Seth watching, not able to join the fun because Leah was close by keeping a close eye on her brother. Embry, Quil, Rosalie, Jasper, Alice, and Bella were at another table. They were engaged in Uno. Jacob was laying on a blanket, sleeping. Don't know why he just was. Now, where was Edward? No one knew. He disappeared sometime after they finished eating. Knowing that sometimes Edward preferred to be alone, they didn't bother looking for him. "Hey! Why don't we play a game?", Seth suddenly asked, jumping up from his game. In honesty, he didn't want to be left out in having fun. Just because he was small didn't mean he wasn't strong. He was a damn shifter! A Quileute, damn it! But I digress... "What game?", Leah asked, hoping her brother wasn't choosing something stupid that would get him killed. "Let's find Edward!" Nevermind... Alice settled down her Wild Card, declaring red. "Seth... this is Edward we're finding, he doesn't happen to be our Edward?" Seth nodded. "Oh come on! It will be fun!" Billy slapped his hands down on his wheelchair's arms. "Well, it's about time for my show. I'm going home. Bella, could you take me home?" Bella simply nodded. She said, "Uno OUT!" The remaining players were left in amazement. "Damn. Fifth time she whooped our asses.", Emmett whined, throwing his cards down. Bella shrugged and proceeding on her task on taking Billy home. "Be sure to tell Jacob, I'll be at home.", Billy declared. The duo left, leaving the others. "So... let's play that game. Seth, what happens if we find him?", Paul asked. Seth blushed at the older's gaze. "Uh... whoever finds Eddie first gets to choose his or her slave for a month. And they must do everything the winner commands. Deal?" 'Yeah... my brother is so trying to get killed.' Rosalie noticed Leah's distressed look and patted her back. "I know the feeling." "Okay, I'm in! Who else?", Quil said. Everyone else agreed. Even Carlisle. He wanted to see how this goes. "Okay. Just find Edward. Only rule." "So we can work in pairs?", Esme asked. Seth nodded. "Uh huh." "Then I want to go with my little brother." Seth took off. Leah followed closely. "SETH, DON'T THINK YOU'LL BE ABLE TO ESCAPE!" When the others left to find the coppered haired male, they forgot about Jacob. The wolf was currently, still sleeping. He was unaware of the golden eyes watching him. "Ngh... guys, we shouldn't be killing each other! (1)" Still sleep, he didn't know a tall figure now loomed over him. The man bend down and whispered in Jacob's ear, "Wake up, my beautiful wolf." Jacob screamed like a girl and tried to swing at the intruder. "SWEET BABY BACK RIBS! Oh... just you, Cullen." Edward laughed, seeing Jacob's usually tanned skin colored red. "Embarrassed?" Jacob crossed his arms. "No. Why did you wake me?" "Just wanted to. By the way, you're so cute when sleeping." Jacob growled and stood. "Who do I look like to you? Justin -" "Don't say it." (2) The wolf rolled his eyes. He noticed everyone disappeared. "Hey. Where is everybody?" Edward shrugged. "Don't know. But what I do know is..." He grabbed Jacob's hand and pulled him towards him. Jacob yelped. "Edward! Hey!" "That we finally have a moment together." There was a sudden slapping sound through the air. (TWO HOURS LATER!) "Guys, apparently this dude knows where to hide! I can't find him anywhere!", Jared groaned. Embry nodded. "I agree. Where could Edward have gone?" "We checked the house.", Alice mumbled. "The cliff.", Emmett whined. "The border.", Seth sulked, placing his butt on the ground. "We even checked under Jacob's bed to see if Jacob stashed his ass there.", Sam hissed. "I can't even look at Billy any more. He thinks I'm creeping on Jake!" "Not how Ed-" "GET THE FUCK AWAY FROM MEEEEE!" Paul looked over his shoulder to see two figures moving rapidly through the forest. One was paralyzed with fear and the other looked angry. "GET BACK HERE!" "HELL NO, YOU RAPIST!" "Is that? Oh shit! It's Edward!", Jasper hollered. The group watched as Jacob ran onto the beach, Edward close by. Jacob had stopped close by the water and turned around, holding his hands up. "Listen, Edward, you don't want this! You'll regret it!" Edward shook his head in disagreement. "No. I won't regret this. I do want it.", he drawled in a sexy tone. It was enough to make the wolf to shake and almost wet right there. "Cullen, you'll- ugh- you're just drunk!" "Vampires don't get drunk! Now come here!" Edward went to pounce, but intstead landed in sand. He looked up to his right, to see Jacob close to the water. "Jacob...", he growled. Jacob whimpered. "I..." He screamed when he saw Edward running towards him. He jumped in the water, knowing Edward was the vampiric Flash. Despite that, the vampire jumped in with him. Meanwhile on the shore... "See, Seth? That's why I don't allow you to have much sugar." Seth sighed and sat in the sand. Jared sat next to him. "This is weird. Why is Edward chasing Jacob?" "Oh. You don't know?", Esme asked. Eyes turned to the vampire mom. She noticed the weird looks. "What?" "What do you mean 'you don't know'? What are you applying?", Carlisle asked. Esme chuckled. "Edward is courting Jacob." "SAY WHAT?!" Eyes turned to Emmett. "I didn't know Edward was so bold." "Emmett, it's okay for a man to love another man." "No, I don't have a problem with that, Alice. It's just... Jacob? Just yesterday, he was mumbling about not being able to look at Jacob. Now he's willing to get that ass?" Everybody blinked. They turned back to the water. At the moment, Edward had Jacob in his arms, hugging from behind. Jacob was struggling in the hold. "LET ME GO! YOU BASTARD!" "Jacob, I have full intentions on making you my mate." "NO YOU DON'T! YOU DON'T WANT THIS!" "Jacob-" "RRRAAAAAWWWWWRRRR!" With that deranged war cry, Jacob kicked Edward and waddled fast out the water. He ran behind a nearby tree. He held a tight grip on it. Edward growled, ignoring the awkward stares he was getting. "Jacob Black, get your ass over here!" "Nuh uh. You are crazy!" Edward growled and ran behind Jacob. The two ran around the tree until Jacob decided to climb it onto a branch. "Edward, I'm not coming down until you come to your senses.", he declared. He will stay in the tree all fucking night if he wanted. He liked Edward... a lot. In fact, he imprinted on him. But he wasn't going to let Edward murder his ass in bed. "Jacob, I'm going to lose it! If I don't have you! I will kill something or someone!" "You wouldn't, you pussy!" "Jacob!" Jacob looked onto the sandy area. He glared down at Sam. "If you're the damn Alpha, you better get that leech!" Sam crossed his arms. "Jacob, just let him." "Nuh uh. If I d-OH SHIT!" Edward started pushing the tree. Jacob began falling to the ground. To prevent his falling onto his head, he turned landing on his feet. He looked up and sung, "Let 'em burn! Let 'em burn! They're no longer my concern! Let 'em burn! Let 'em burn! Time to show the world it's my turn! I won't care how they're going to scream! Let the fire rage on! The flames never seem to bother me!" (3) Edward and the others was stunned a little as they watch Jacob turned wolf and escape. "Did he just sing?", Alice asked. Esme nodded. "Apparently, he did. Edward?" Edward shook his head to get out of his trance. He then gave an all-knowing smirk. "If he sings that good I wonder how he'll be in bed." "Edward!", Esme warned. She didn't mind that Ed wanted his Jake, but talking dirty? Her mommy senses kicked in. "Edward, go and get your man before he gets into trouble.", Quil reminded. Edward nodded. He got into position to take off, but instead he caught the sight of Jacob's wolf form charging back. "Jacob?", Paul questioned. Jacob ran behind a tree and appeared again wearing a black oversized shirt and a pair of shorts. "Jacob, you look distraught.", Leah said, pointing at his face. Jacob nodded. "Bad vampires are coming, man. Bad vampires." "Dear Jacob, how in any way are we bad vampires?" Jacob yelped and hid behind Sam. The group looked up to see the Volturi. Aro, Marcus, Caius, Jane, Alec, Demetri, and Felix. Seth blushed seeing Alec smiling brightly. '