Hello! :D I know, I know! I should be updating TTCWGA! But I have writer's block at the minute and I had this dream with this character in it and I had to write it! Hope you like it :) Yes this is also a SLASH as it is Aragorn/Legolas eventually as well as Haldir/OC. Anadriewen is pronounced Anna-Dray-Wen just in case you were wondering :D ~ Phoebe xxx Anadriewen Undomiel had never been in love. She'd been far too busy annoying her twin brothers and having adventures by herself then with her adopted brother, and best friend, to worry about such a silly thing. She didn't want to settle down anyway. Her brothers and father hadn't managed to stop her from learning how to fight and running off with Estel every time he went off into the wilderness yet and neither would some male elf who thought he was better than her just because he was a man. Anadriewen, known to most as Ana, learned to fight before she even met Estel. She had been leaving Rivendell every chance she got ever since she turned 100. Her fighting skills were put to good use the first time she did meet Estel though. She had returned home from Lothl贸rien, her mother's birthplace, with her older sister to find a young man practicing sword fighting with her twin brothers in the courtyard. The man won fairly quickly, which shocked both Ana and Arwen, before turning and spotting them. Elladan and Elrohir had spotted them too and let out a yell. "LITTLE SISTERS!" The shout echoed round the courtyard along with the giggles from Ana and Arwen as they were picked up in hugs from both of their brothers. Once Elladan and Elrohir let them go, they introduced the young man. "Arwen, Ana, this is Estel. He's been living with us for years now and is our adopted brother. Father was going to send word to L贸rien to let you know but we wanted it to be a surprise." Elladan admitted, grinning from ear to ear, while Elrohir pushed Estel forward. "Lady Arwen, Lady Anadriewen. Your brothers speak of you often." Estel spoke in a deep, masculine voice, bowing slightly. "It's nice to finally meet you." "None of that Lady nonsense! You are part of our family so it is just Arwen and Anadriewen." Arwen told Estel firmly as she smiled softly at him, which made him smile back. "No, it's Ana!" Ana corrected her sister, shooting glares at her brothers when they started to chuckle. "My father thought it was good to have a unique name so chose Anadriewen. Oh shut up you two! At least I can shorten my name! Some of advice for you Estel: Don't call me Anadriewen unless you want a sword at your throat." "You can hardly use a sword! Father won't train you and Arwen!" Elrohir pointed out smugly while Elladan agreed with his twin. "What do you think we've been doing for the past twenty years in L贸rien, brother?" Arwen asked lightly, making the grins drop off the twins' faces. "Father refused to train us but mother's kin were quite happy to help us. Well, help me. Ana's perfectly capable of taking care of herself." "What if we got hurt while travelling?" Ana asked innocently, smiling up at her brothers and adopted brother. "The L贸rien elves saw it fit to train us in swordsmanship and archery just in case. I got a lot of practice." "Father's going to go mad. We all know Ana's been training herself ever since she could hold a bow and dagger. But you, Arwen?" Elladan stated. "Have you told Ada yet?" "Yes. Ana told him." Arwen admitted, smiling mischievously. "I bet that was an explosion of an argument then." Elrohir muttered before wincing at the jab in the ribs he got from Ana. "He stopped shouting once I told him that we were doing it so we could be safe and that we would have only trained ourselves if no one else did. Anyway, the Mirkwood clan train their women and Father knows that I used to meet with Legolas to train so I don't see why he is so angry." Ana shrugged before flicking aside her cloak to show off her sword and daggers. "My brothers' seemed to be no match for you, Estel. Fancy having a go with me?" "He will crush you in seconds! Don't bother Estel! She will only sulk when she loses." Elrohir told their brother with a sigh. "1584 years old and she still acts like an elfling sometimes." Ana went to snap at Elrohir but before she got the chance, Estel drew his sword and stepped into the middle of the courtyard with a challenging grin. "I think I can make my own choices Elrohir. Besides, your sister might surprise you." He pointed out, making Ana grin too. The fight only lasted 10 minutes before Estel won but, as he pointed out, there was only one of Ana whereas there had been two of the elf brothers and Ana had lasted just as long as them. Estel offered to practice with Ana and Arwen to keep their skills up to scratch and both agreed. Ana walked away from the fight with a new brother who would soon be her best and most closest friend. Within weeks, Ana and Estel had formed an unbreakable bond like no other. Even after Estel had broken it to the half-elven siblings that he had recently found out that he was in fact Aragorn, son of Arathorn and Isildur's heir, and heir to the throne as well as chieftain of the Dunedain, nothing changed between them. To Ana, he was still her brother and still her best friend but he just had two names now. Elrohir and Elladan teased that there would soon be a wedding but Ana had no romantic feelings towards Estel at all and vice versa. In fact, it was her sister who had caught her best friend's eye and soon he was trying every trick under the sun to get Arwen's attention. Never let it be said that Aragorn, son of Arathorn, wasn't persistent. Eventually, after months of trying, Aragorn got what he wanted. He came bouncing into Ana's room after knocking and breathlessly explained that Arwen had admitted to returning his feelings and had even kissed him. "Now I just have to convince Lord Elrond to let me court Arwen!" Aragorn admitted, leaning against the wall. Ana smirked from where she was cleaning her daggers and told her friend, "Just let Arwen do most of the talking after you've stated your intentions. Arwen is the good girl of the family. Ada says he doesn't have favourites but everyone knows he would do anything for Arwen if she really wanted something. I may be the youngest but I'm also the most rebellious, you know that." By the next morning, Ana's words had come true. Aragorn was courting Arwen, but wasn't allowed to marry her until he became king, and Rivendell was buzzing with the news. They didn't know about Aragorn's heritage, of course, so the news was mostly about how a Man and Elf were courting, something which hadn't happened in years. Elrohir couldn't understand why Aragorn wanted to keep his heritage a secret from the rest of Rivendell and Middle Earth. But Ana and Arwen knew why. Aragorn had admitted to both of them his reasons for staying quiet. He didn't want to be known as Isildur's heir as it was Isildur who had betrayed his adopted father and his kinsmen all those centuries ago by not destroying the One Ring that wreaked havoc all over Middle Earth. He didn't want the responsibilities that came with being king. He was quite happy just to stay in Rivendell with his family. But by Aragorn's 22nd birthday, he was becoming restless. He would stray further and further from Rivendell every time he would go exploring or go riding. Eventually, Arwen and Ana cornered him in the library and forced him to tell them what was wrong. "Alright!" Aragorn groaned after half an hour of Ana glaring at him and Arwen using her charm and Aragorn's feelings for her against him. "How does your Ada put up with you two?!" Aragorn sunk into the chair he was sat in and sighed before admitting, "I'm bored. I never thought I'd say that but I am. I want to see more of Middle Earth. I... I want to become a Ranger." Ana laughed, getting glares from the readers in the library, before sitting on the arm of her brother's chair and saying, "Is that it? Estel, we've been waiting for you to become a ranger for ages now. Ada thought you'd leave before your 21st, to be honest." Aragorn glanced at Arwen who smiled softly before nodding and telling him, "You should go. If it's what you want, Melamin, then go. I think it will be good for you." Ana made a face at the term of endearment but agreed with her sister before saying, "It's not like you'll be gone forever. You can come home whenever you want. Besides, Arwen managed to survive for over 1000 years without you. I'm sure you two will be fine away from each other for a few years." Arwen and Aragorn both blushed slightly before Aragorn asked lightly, "But will you be ok without me?" "What are you on about? I'm coming with you, of course!" That, of course, started a massive argument that went on for over a week. It was even worse once Ana's father and brothers found out her plans. Her father forbid her from going but Ana just ignored him and packed everything she needed. Once Aragorn had left, a month after he admitted his plans, Ana left just hours after him and soon caught up with him. Aragorn tried to send her back but Ana was having none of it. She just followed her best friend until he stopped complaining and sulking. After that, Estel was brilliant company. He told her stories about Rangers that he had heard, some which she had heard herself, and helped her practice her sword fighting as usual. He didn't say it but Ana knew Aragorn was happy to have her there. Mostly because it meant that he could sleep at night without being in danger, as elves didn't need to sleep and therefore Ana could keep watch every night, but also because they were best friends and were used to doing everything together. They didn't encounter any other Rangers in their first month in the wilderness, where they both quickly learned how to hunt animals and know which berries and mushrooms were edible, but they both still enjoyed the adventure immensely. Halfway through the second month, however, they stumbled upon a group of rangers cooking supper over a fire. "Greetings!" Aragorn said confidently, stepping out of the shadows, making the rangers jump and shoot to their feet with swords in hand. Ana stepped forward as well and threw her hood back before holding her hands up innocently, "We are not here to fight. We are rangers also." "You are an elf!" One of the rangers stated, gesturing to her pointed ears with his sword. "And a female one as well! You are no ranger! I bet your friend here is an elf too!" "My companion may be a she-elf but she has been living the ranger way for the past month and a half. Doesn't that tell you something?" Aragorn spoke from where he stood before throwing his hood back also. "As for me... I am Aragorn, son of Arathorn, and I am the chieftain of the Dunedain. That makes me a ranger, does it not?" The rangers nearly fell over each other at Aragorn's words before apologising and inviting them to sit at their camp. Ana and Aragorn accepted and asked them all their names. All 5 men