If there was anything Percy hated, it was probably coffee. His hatred for coffee was similar to his mom's ex-husband, Gabe - whom Percy called Smelly Gabe in secret of course. He didn't want to get in trouble, but still, he hated the guy. And he still hated coffee. It wasn't because of the color of the beverage, that could be served either hot or cold, bitter or sweet - whatever the heck an individual prefers. It was because of its diversity and why it can't be served in one goddamn flavor. For example, what is black coffee? Percy thought coffee was brown. It should be brown. It's a stereotype. He hated stereotypes. Is black coffee bitter or sweet? Percy wouldn't know since he doesn't drink caffeine ever . Anything but coffee. According to his friends who are addicted to coffee like Percy was addicted to TV Shows (Jason declared that their coffee squad, excluding Percy, should be called The Coffee Lovers) and have literally tasted various flavors of coffee, said that black coffee tasted bitter. Percy wasn't sure what kind of bitter Jason, Nico and Leo meant. Bitter like Bitter Gourd? Or bitter as in, this-needs-more-sugar bitter. Or maybe The Coffee Lovers meant bitter like Percy Jackson Bitter. Percy wouldn't know. He never asked again. The breeze the wind breathed out was cold. The jacket that clung unto Percy was not providing him any sort of warmth as he hugged the fabric tighter against his body. His footsteps were anything but loud as he walked on the cemented sidewalk. The city was dead as the night. With only a few cars with closed windows that passed by, Percy nearly thought he was the only person in this town. He cursed under his breath when he realize how stupid he really was for letting Leo use his motorbike. Now it was into pieces, spending the night in Leo's garage. "I promise I won't do anything to your baby," Valdez had told him, holding Riptide like it was his own, accidentally greasing the handles with his oil-stained palms in the process. "Oops." He should've disagreed with Leo's agreement which involved Riptide and the new girl he had gotten himself a date with. What was her name? Key-oni? Percy was sure she was only a girl seeking pleasure. Pleasure that involved Leo's body. Percy shuddered. Now, he was walking alone in the cold, dark night, with nothing but his old, black jacket to keep him alive to get coffee for The Coffee Lovers. Percy was over dramatic, annoyed and cold, that was for sure. If he only he had won the game, then Percy wouldn't be in the cold, dark night alone and lonely and miserable and - He shouldn't have backed off the freaking dare. He would've been at home, drinking canned Coca-cola in his apartment, watching reruns of The Walking Dead on his laptop. Jason would've done his homework, Leo would've done all his chores, and Nico would've been his person butler for a whole month. He really shouldn't have chickened out. But Percy did the right thing, didn't he? He couldn't possibly break Rachel's heart in exchange for a month of relaxation. Oh well, at least they're still bffs. Percy halted. He was at a gasoline station. He wasn't going the right way, was he? He spotted a parked car near the gasoline's convenience store. Raising his eyebrows, Percy approached it. What had Jason told him? He pondered for awhile. Then, "It's near the gasoline station five blocks away from here. You can walk it." Jason's words echoed in Percy's head like he was a part of the boy's conscience. He saw a guard sitting on a chair outside the store. He was alone, but the officer wasn't sitting outside the station's convenience store, he sat outside the goddamn coffee shop Percy had been looking for for exactly three minutes. He sighed . Thanks for the specified instructions, Grace. The walls outside were made of glass, including the door. Percy pulled it open. The plastic sign intimidated Percy. He would've ignored it and pushed it open, but he didn't. It was payback for Jason's "specified instructions" done the Percy Way. The handle was cold, or maybe it was just his hands. It was cold anyway. A bell rang above somewhere, it made Percy's mood shift into more annoyed mood. The corners of his mouth tugged down and his eyes showed that he was a victim of annoying people. Also, it was like Percy was in the Antarctic. They should really go Green and use fans for a change. Percy scowled at the woman on the cashier. "Um, okay?" He heard her mumble, her voice not high-pitched or annoying. Her name was Piper, according to the name tag clipped onto her uniform. It wasn't like those stupid name tags on fast food chain restaurants, where after the employees name was printed into bold, capitalized letters, there would be follow-up words like: I'm happy to serve you! or maybe, Have a good day! It was minimal, and Percy adored that. He wasn't starting to like this coffee shop's way of management. No, not at all. Percy knew that 80% of the world's coffee shops have the same type of font, the same type of top-class quality name tags. Based on his own data, of course. He wasn't the type of person who would know the percentage of the top-class name tags in stores that sell caffeine for the tongue's pleasure. "What can I get you?" Piper asked with a hint of impatience and annoyance in her voice. Percy looked at her, realizing that he must have been staring at the menu for too long. He remembered Jason giving him the list of drinks they wanted. It was crumpled in the pocket of his jeans somewhere... He fished out a piece of paper from the front pocket, handing it to Piper, who immediately started to do the 'magic', as Jason would call, once she finished reading the list. Percy took a seat in the darkest corner of the room as he waited. He hoped she worked fast, since he was starting to have hypothermia and he was being victimized by boredom in every passing moment. The bell from the door made a sound, making Percy scowl. From where he sat, he was able to see the people coming and out of the place. He would have despised shop if it wasn't for its lonely atmosphere and wonderful name tags. A girl was the cause of the noise. She pushed the door open, making Percy roll his eyes ( Was she stupid or something? He thought, irritated.) Blonde curls secured by a band of black elastic fibers, they seemed to swing in ever step she would take. A pair of glasses rested on her nose as she walked toward the counter, where Piper was busy making Percy's order. A black backpack whose straps are too long were placed neatly on her shoulders. It looked heavy, but the girl carried it with ease. Her tan legs were emphasized by the shorts she wore, making them look long. Underneath her black jacket was a Star Wars T-shirt. Catching Percy's gaze, Blondie raised an eyebrow, making him look away, startled. Gray. Her eyes were gray. After the girl told Piper her order, she immediately paid for her drink, unlike Percy, who didn't give a care. But hey, Piper didn't complain or reprimand him from doing so. The girl's shoes made squeaky sounds as she made her way to the seat away from Percy. It was lonelier and darker there. Maybe she liked it that way. No offense to her, but she looked like a Class A loner. Enough said. Nobody spoke. Only the sounds of a blender murdering ice, Bossa background music, and the AC humming could heard. The aura wasn't tense. No it wasn't, not at all. Blondie, Piper and Percy merely minded their own businesses. It kind of annoyed Percy. He was not the type of person who would ignore people and mind his own 'business'. Perseus Jackson was born a laid-back socialite. He can't just ignore the pretty blonde that happened to wear shorts and a Star Wars shirt in the middle of the night! He must do something! Think of a plan, think of a plan. Before he could he even think of a plan, Percy found himself standing up and heading to where the girl was sitting. Earphones plugged into her laptop, she seemed to indulge all of her existence to the mechanical object with such concentration that she didn't notice Percy had taken a seat across her. "Hey," Percy started. She didn't look up. "Hey, Blondie." That had gotten her attention, for her eyes darted from her laptop to Percy's. She scowled. "My name is not Blondie." She gritted her teeth. Percy rolled his eyes and smiled nonetheless. "Yes, hello to you too," Percy mumbled, letting out a small sarcastic laugh. "I'm Percy." The girl whose name is not Blondie, but Percy will still call her Blondie anyway, raised a curious eyebrow. Her gray eyes were beginning to startle him every time they make eye contact, which was twice already. He should be more careful, or he might suddenly jump from his seat whenever she would look at him and that would be very embarrassing. "Why should I tell you, Percy?" His name seem to be foreign in her tongue, for the way the syllables of his name rolled out of her mouth was accompanied by a hint of uncertainty. Awe dawned over him as he seemed to have found an escape in her eyes. It made Percy smile. "You might be a kidnapper." "You're not a kid, so I wouldn't throw you in a sack in the back of my car." Percy joked. All the playfulness suddenly drained from her eyes, and Percy realized how wrong his words had sounded. "Oh, shit, I'm sorry," he said, feeling choked. "I'm not a kidnapper or a robber or a bad guy. I'm just getting coffee for my three friends because of a stupid dare and I'm just trying to make a conversation with a pretty girl and - " Percy stopped talking. Her lips had tugged up to show a small smile. He felt like choking harder. She must think I'm an idiot now , Percy thought bitterly. A new presence approached them, and both heads turned to look at Piper, who had Percy's order placed in a paper bag. Piper eyed them strangely, then handed Percy his order. "You forgot to pay," Piper said simply. She had her lips pursed, and Percy felt guilty for making her wait and for not paying. He handed her the cash, which was the exact amount. Piper returned to print Percy's receipt, then walked back to her spot, cleaning up. Percy glanced back to Blondie, who said, "So I guess you're leaving?" He scratched the back of his neck. It wouldn't hurt if he stayed for a little while, right? "You must be back before the clock hits 23," Jason had told him, glancing at his 24-hour watch. He looked back at Percy. His electrifying blue eyes mocked his green ones . "Or else." "Nah." Percy said. A grin was plastered on Percy's face. "Wouldn't want to miss the opportunity talking to a gray-eyed Blondie." She rolled her eyes. "Annabeth," she said. "My name is Annabeth." Percy smirked. Finally! "Annabeth." He never met an Annabeth before. "Cool name." Annabeth rolled her eyes like she didn't believe him. They looked like rocks experiencing a landslide. "Yeah, sure. Whatever." "Want me to take it back?" "Sure," she muttered again. "Whatever floats your boat." "I don't have a boat." She suppressed a groan. "Wow." Annabeth breathed out a sigh. "We just met and you're being annoying." Percy sent her a smile displaying full-on mischief. "Sorry," he said, though he didn't sound very sorry. His grin remained, "I