Bzzzt bzzzt bzzzt Percy groggily reached for his phone. The bright light blinded him and a small curse escaped his lips. He glanced at the clock at the corner of the screen. 2:34 A.M The phone continued to vibrate at his hand. When he saw the caller ID, he immediately answered right away. " Percy?" A shaking voice called his name from the other line. "Hey." He answered back. There was silence lingering in the air as the caller didn't reply. Percy tried to grasp anything he might say. He opened his mouth and closed them again. He'd probably say something stupid if he talked, so he just listened to the shaky breaths coming from his caller. " I'm sorry I woke you up. I- I just wanted someone to talk to…right now." The last line was barely a whisper but it didn't escape Percy's ears. "Annabeth. Is there something wrong?" Percy sat up on his bed. The sheets falling on his lap. When Annabeth stayed silent, he continued. "Clearly you wouldn't call me at the middle of the night for something. This is very unlike you, wise girl. " Percy tried to lighten up the mood, but his sense of humor was brushed of when Annabeth didn't even chuckle. " It's- It's about him. Luke." All the thoughts of crawling back to bed and snuggling his pillows was thrown out the window and anger seeped through every inch of his body. "W- What about him?" Percy struggled to hide the hate in his voice. He never liked Luke. He's the star of the basketball team and is very pretty. With short-cropped sandy blonde hair, blue eyes and a muscular build. He looked wonderful. But what Percy didn't like about his features is that he has a pale deep scar that starts from the bottom of his eye down to his chin. Signaling him that he was trouble. His attitude didn't help either. His cocky and arrogant. His a bully. And he's notorious for playing with girls. That's why he was shocked to know that Annabeth, the top student, was dating the basketball player. Annabeth, the girl who is always in the library, was dating him. Annabeth, his bestfriend, was dating the Jock. They were the odd couple. The Nerd and the Jock, that's what everybody in school call them. " He- Nothing. Well, Good night." "Annabeth Chase, you are my bestfriend for 17 years, since we were born. I know something's wrong, tell me about it." He didn't recognize his voice. It was menacing. It was not him. Annabeth, clearly stunned at the change of his voice, ended up telling him what made her call. She told him she caught Luke talking with another girl. Complimenting her about her hair, her eyes, and her dress. And it made her feel insecure. And what enraged the 17 year-old boy was when Annabeth told him about how Luke kissed the girl. Percy couldn't help but punch the mattress under him. He gritted his teeth. "And what did you do?" He asked. " I- I confronted him about it, but he said he needed some space and he walked away. I never even got to call out his name. My heart hurts Percy. It really hurts." She said while little sobs escaped her lips and reached Percy's ear. He doesn't deserve you Annie. He doesn't deserve someone like you. He just doesn't. Percy wanted to say those words. But he couldn't. What would he say if she asked who deserve her. What would he answer? Him? "Everything will be okay. I mean, yeah, I think Luke's a jerk and all but I think he loves you. I really do." Lies. Pretty white lies. How pity of him. Silence again envelopes the two as no one dares to talk. Percy tried to think of a joke that would obviously crack her up. And then he remembers a joke he shared with Frank yesterday. "Hey, wise girl, I know you're smart and I want to ask you if you knew this. Where does a fish work?" He tried not to laugh for this joke really cracked him up. " I don't- I don't know. The ocean?" Confusion evident in her voice. "Oh Gods, I can't believe it! You don't know?" Percy acted to be surprised. " Wha- Percy. Where." There it goes. The old Annabeth who would be angered if someone knew something she doesn't. Her 'what' wasn't really a question. It was a demand. "In the of-fish!" And Percy was rolling on his bed out of laughter. And soon after he started laughing, Annabeth was laughing with him. Snorting and chuckling and just laughing. Percy wiped the tear in his eyes. And tried to stop laughing but, he just can't. So they just laughed until one of them stopped. " That was a good one. Considering you're a seaweed brain." And Percy can't help but notice the small chuckle she had at the end of her sentence. "Thank you." This time the silence wasn't uncomfortable anymore. They just stayed there relishing the moment. Percy sat up and glanced at his bedside clock. Holy Hera! It's 3:45 already?! He realized there's only 4 hours until school starts and he don't want Annabeth to fall asleep in class. "Annie, it's already 3:45 A.M. I think we should go to sleep. You might not be able to listen to class if we stayed up longer." He didn't want to hang up but he had no choice. Annabeth's well-being is at stake here. " Yeah, I figured. Good night, seaweed brain." He chuckled, "Good night, wise girl." " Thanks for being a friend." And she hang up. He plopped down on his bed. Friend. He sighed and tried hard to push his thoughts away. I'll sleep it away. If I do, it will all go away. But he ended up staring at his ceiling. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Percy looks up at the clock on the wall. Tick "And that's how Zeus managed to be the king of Olympus." Tick "And his two brothers were not left out of the glory. Poseidon, he handled the ocean. And Hades, managed the underworld. While Zeus ruled over them." Tick "He was- " Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing Their teacher was cut off of his rant when the bell rang and Percy was one of the firsts to bolt out the door. "Can't be with you this time Grover! Meeting up with Annabeth!" Percy called back as he ran. He heard Grover affirm. Too bad Annabeth's smart. They don't have the same class. Percy took a little shortcut at the washroom and stared at his reflection in the mirror. The mirror on the men's room isn't as big as the girl's but it was enough to accommodate his entire figure. He was wearing a black inside shirt and a blue button up shirt, with the buttons open, lay on top of it. His was wearing a black jeans and his blue converse lay comfortably at his feet. His black hair was messy and when he tried to smooth it out it just went back to its messy self. He just shrugged it off. His sea green eyes stared back at him and he nodded at himself. He adjusted his backpack and started to run out. He ran towards the oak tree at the field. Then he saw her. He stopped and stared to admire her. She was biting the other end of her pencil as her gray eyes stared intently at the book at her lap. Her curly golden blonde hair was tied up in a messy bun and some of it was let down framing her face. She wore an oversized white shirt, a faded blue jeans and a black and white converse. Her backpack lay beside her. Her favorite Yankee's cap lying on top of it. Percy thought of all the depictions of blonde persons being a complete idiot. Certainly, the girl in front of him is not one of them. "Annabeth!" He said as he jogged towards her. Annabeth didn't even look up. She continued solving problems from her Calculus workbook. He loomed over her and decided to sit beside her. She didn't even budge. Annabeth was always like this. She never let anything come between her and her studies. Except, of course, Luke . Percy tried to swallow the impending gag at the mention of his name. He looked at her again and noticed her earphones plugged at her ears. He smiled. He took one of it, the one close to him, which took her of guard causing her to slap his arms. Percy just laughed and Annabeth soon joined in. He plugged the earphone on his ear and he started humming along to the music. "Oh! Yeah." He said as he grabbed his backpack. "Mom cooked this for us. She said it's a new recipe she learned and she wants us to taste it." Percy pulled out a Tupperware and opened it. The sweet smell wafted in the air and Annabeth put her workbook down quickly. Well, and food too. Percy thought. "Really, Percy? Blue?" She looked at him disbelievingly. "I didn't know Mom would comply." He said sheepishly and scratched his neck. "So, what's this?" She said. "Don't know." She looked at him again and got one of the blue food slices from the Tupperware. She placed it at the entrance of her mouth and looked at Percy. Before putting it inside her mouth and chewing it slowly. At first she tasted blueberries. Which explains the blue color . She thought. And as she chew something caught her tongue by surprise. Strawberries. "Hmmmm. This is really good!" She said getting another one. Percy smiled and got one too. They ate in silence until every single crumb of the berry cake (as Percy named it) was gone. Percy looked at Annabeth again and battled whether to ask her about Luke. And he decided not to. "So, how's the band doing?" She said as she unplugged the earphone from her and Percy's ear and put it in her backpack. "Hmm. We're alright. I guess." "I heard from Piper you're joining the battle of the bands." She asked. "Yeah. Jason, Leo and Frank wanted to." He answered. "And you?" She said cocking her head to the side. He leaned on the trunk and put her arm around Annabeth's shoulder. She then adjusted to feel comfortable at their new position. "I want to, of course. But it's just that the entries need to be original compositions and the guys wanted me to write a song up." He complained and he played with some of her loose hair. Oh, how they feel perfect together. His arms around her. Her head on his shoulder. He silently prayed to the gods to keep this moment forever. "But that's impossible! The battle of the bands is next week! And I'm guessing you haven't thought about the lyrics, have you?" He shook his head. She sighed. "You're really impossible." She said and shook her head. And you're beautiful. He could've said but he remained silent. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO Percy dropped his backpack and slumped at the sofa. His other bestfriend, Grover, was sitting on his right chewing on some chips. It is 5 o'clock in the afternoon and he and his band, The Demigods, we're at Jason's garage (because it's the nearest to school). Jason Grace, a 17 year old guy with electric blue eyes and military cropped blonde hair. He has a small scar on the corner of his lip from when he was two years old from trying to eat a stapler, he said. He plays the lead guitar and is very awesome with it, he is also in charge of harmonizing. His girlfriend, Piper McLean, was giving him a glass of water. Piper was one of Annabeth's few friends, and because of that Percy liked her (not in a romantic way, obviously). She is 17 like them and has