Disclaimer - Walks out in army attire including medals Alright troops. We don't own anything, UNDERSTOOD! Elves also in army outfits YES DRILL SERGEANT! You will not take any and I mean ANY credit for the making of the film, do I make myself clear! YES DRILL SERGEANT! And we did NOT write the book! A great man named Tolkien did, and we give total credit to him and only him (and possibly Peter Jackson for the movie) UNDERSTOOD. YES DRILL SERGEANT! We DO own Trinity and Jasmine, but that's not the point is it? YES DRILL SERGENT! I CAN'T HEAR YOU YES DRILL SERGEANT! At Ease! THIS IS A REPOST AS REMOVED THE OLD STORY, I LOVED ALL OF YOU WHO REVIEWED AND I LOVE ALL OF THE REVIEWS, PLEASE RE-REVIEW AS I DO LOVE EVERY COMMENT. Sorry, no update as of yet, v.busy! Real identity issues "C'mon, Trinny, we are going to miss our flight" Jasmine yelled. "Our flight isn't for another 3 hours!" Trinity yelled from the bathroom. "But Mr. Donahue…he said that if we do not make it to San Francisco by the deadline that we would be fired" Trinity walked out of the bathroom carrying an unusually large makeup bag. "Mr. Donahue said that…oh well, let me see now…when was the last time he tried to fire me…oh yes that's right last week, when I "accidentally" set fire to Johnny Ripley's hash stash after we arrested him and the whole of Tasmania was stoned for a week" Trinity smiled as she remembered what had happened. "And did I care then about being fired…NOPE he wouldn't fire us…we are his best agents" "Yeah whatever, just hurry up…and why are you bringing that?" Jasmine asked pointing to the large makeup bag. "I wanna look my best when we go to the 'drug lord's party'" Trinity laughed and walked into her room. Jasmine sighed and threw herself on the lounge, causing her hair to fall out of the loose bun that held it. "Bugger" she sighed again and put it loosely up into a bun. She smiled as she heard singing from the other room. " Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming. What do we do? We swim, swim …" Now no longer singing, more like yelling, followed. "Ha, ha, ha, ha, ho… I love to swim. When you want to swim you want to swim." "WOULD YOU SHUT UP" A loud voice from the next apartment hollered. Jasmine just smiled as she knew what was going to happen next. " No…eating here tonight yeah; No eating here tonight yeah; No eating here tonight yeah, cause you're on a diet ." Trinity yelled twice as loud as before. "C'mon GET A MOVE ON" Jasmine yelled over her best friend's voice. "READY TO BLOW" Trinity skipped down the hallway and met her friend at the door. "Where are our bags?" She asked "The porter has already taken them down to the car!" Jasmine said as she stepped out in to the hallway locking the door after them. "We have a porter? How very suave…is he hot?" She asked as they got into the elevator. "Well, he isn't ugly" Jasmine smiled a sly smile that made Trinity to shake her head in laughter, causing her curly light blonde hair to bounce around. They exited the elevator and made their way to their Blue Holden convertible. "Is this coming with us to San Fran? Cause I really like this car" Trinity asked, Jasmine sighed as she pulled out of the parking lot. "So you weren't listening to our lecture then? No, we are to get into San Francisco and keep our profiles down." "And then?" Trinity asked, blowing a kiss to a car full of guys, who whistled back and signalled to her to come over there. "Then we are too met up with the FBI there and track the guy down" Jasmine said pulling out of the red light and heading towards the airport. "And then?" "Then you are to get invited to his 'gala ball' that he is holding in order of his "recent success"' "And then?" "Then I get in as a band member" "And then?" "Then we crash the party, arrest him, and get him back here to be prosecuted for drug handling, murder, poaching and fraud" "And then?" "And then nothing, and if you ask that again, I may just have to push you out of the plane on the way there" Jasmine threatened as they entered the Airport parking lot. "Welcome to Sydney airport, please store you temper with the security as it is not permitted in the building" Trinity smiled at Jasmine. "Ha, ha very funny" Jasmine laughed as she found a parking spot in the long-term parking section. "So why do they need us, I mean they have FBI and all that over there, why can't they handle it?" Trinity asked, unpacking her suitcase. "Well, I'm not sure really but Sir said that we had been requested personally by a Mr. Richard Giles" Jasmine said as they made their way through the airport and came to their terminal. "Apparently he's heard of us and wants us to teach their people some things" "RRREEEAAALLLYYY" "G'day, passport please" the lady at the counter asked Trinity. "Sure" she passed over her passport. " Trinity Daniels, with ASIO (Australian Security Intelligence Organisation)…oh…Right then miss please make your way through and have a nice day" Trinity smiled at the surprised reaction, she was used to it though, she really didn't look like an agent. She was slightly petite but still held surprising strength; she was about 5ft7' and had very light blonde hair, almost white with about 10 small hot pink streaks, that reached just to the bottom of her shoulder blades but when wet reached well past her hips. Her naturally tanned skin suited her and also had a long scar along her back, but usually is concealed by her clothes. Her blue eyes laughed as she made her way through she also noted that Jasmine had the same reaction as she did. Jasmine had light red/orange hair that was dead straight; she hated the fact that Trinity could style her hair. She also hated the fact that Trinity had skin that could tan; she meanwhile had pale skin that looked like porcelain. She had a bigger frame than Trinity but was a tiny bit smaller than her; she was 5ft6'. Unlike Trinity's eyes that seemed to laugh all the time, her deep green eyes had serious edge to them, this gave people the wrong expression of her because she hated being serious, she'd rather laugh with Trinity over stupid things than have a serious discussion with some random person about political issues. Jasmine had been her best friend for going on 17 years now; Jasmine was 1 and Trinity was 2 when their parents met, and they haven't really been to far apart ever since, in fact they were more like sisters than anything. They were practically all they had in the world; Jasmine's parents had been killed in a terrorist attack 15 years ago after that she had been sent to live with Trinity's family because they were her legal guardians. And only 2 years ago Trinity's parents had split up and while her father had disappeared, Trinity's mother had remarried. The man that she did marry used to beat Trinity and Jasmine, this was part of the reason they had learnt martial arts. They joined ASIO when they were approached by two of their recruitment agents at a martial arts tournament. And they had been with ASIO for the past 3 years and had become some of the best agents Australian had ever seen and because they had no family, to speak of, to tie them down it made them extremely flexible. Being young made them eager to learn and easy to fool the enemy, they were the best defence in a manner of speaking and deceiving. "YAYAYAYAYAY we're going flying" Trinity jumped up and down with excitement as Jasmine made her way over to her. "You're acting as though you've never been on a plane before" Jasmine said pushing her through the walkway to board the plane. "What can I say, I lllluuuurrrrvvvveee flying" Trinity said as she made her way to her seat. "Uh huh, well I hate it, so stop bouncing around and sit still, we are taking off in a second" Jasmine said indicating to the flashing seatbelt sigh. "I can't wait" Trinity giggled, looking out the window. "I can" Jasmine sighed, as the plane was taxied down the runway. MANY HOURS LATER Jasmine was snoring slightly as they approached San Francisco, Trinity was chatting to the person seated behind her. "…really? Well my favourite movie was and probably still is Lord of the Rings but I would have to say that there are HEAPS of others that come to mind in that category" She smiled at the slightly worried man behind her. "Ah, well I would have to disagree…" He started, but was interrupted by an EXTREMELY fast flow of words. "OhMyGodhowcouldyousaythat? Itisthebestmovieever! haven'tyouseenalltheawardsithasgained, andohmygodthestoryhasbeenoutforsolong …youknowwhatyou'renutsandIdon'tlikeyou" Trinity spun around in her seat slightly knocking Jasmine but it was enough to wake her. "Was goin on?" and slightly more alarmed "are we going down in a nose dive?" Jasmine looked at Trinity who was looking out of the window, also alarmed. "There's…someone on the wing! Some...THING...!" Trinity looked back at Jasmine "I'm sorry, were you saying something?" "You know one day someone is going to over hear you quoting lines from a movie and…shoot…you!" Trinity smiled innocently at Jasmine. "Yeah, yeah you say that all the time and I'm still to see the proof!" "Umm, have you seen your back lately" Jasmine indicated. "My dear that is a knife wound not a bullet wound, so you are, in fact…WRONG" Trinity looked up as the pilot announced that they were landing. "Thank God" Jasmine sighed tightening her seatbelt. "You're welcome" Trinity laughed as the descended into the bright lights that was San Francisco. 2 Days later "Do you see him anywhere?" Jasmine whispered into the miniature microphone in her necklace as she scanned the room from her position on the stage. She looked out at the see of raving people and spotted Trinity dancing on a table, indicating with subtle arm movements that he was on the left side of the room. Jasmine spotted their man at the bar looking in Trinity's direction. "Ok, got him…is everyone in place" She whispered again, strumming along with the tune. "Yeppy doodles" Trinity chimed into her mini-microphone. Jasmine stole another look at him and noticed that he was moving in Trinity's direction. "He's coming in your direction. The door is right behind you…now don't let him leave…OK?" Trinity spotted him coming closer. "Okey dokey pokey" Trinity jumped down right in front of him, scaring him a little. "Hey there…hot stuff! Hows about a dance" Trinity swivelled her hips in front of 'the man' who was enjoying the attention. "Excuse me miss, Mr Cameron is busy at the moment…" one of the guards started to push her away, but he stopped them. "It's ok Marco, there is always time for a dance" He said taking her hand and leading her into the crowd. They danced to two songs before he started to get suspicious about her and all the time she was spending with him. That's when he noticed the small wire behind her ear, he motioned to his guards to come over and get her. Before she had time to react she was dragged speedily out of the great hall, down a hallway and into a smaller room at the back, she heard Jasmine in her ear "Abort, they've got Trinity…" just before it was roughly pulled out of her ear. "Who are you?" Mr Cameron demanded. "Don't tell me…I know this…I really do…umm" Trinity was roughly slapped across