Disclaimer: I don't own Twilight or its characters. SM does. But still nobody can stop me from wishing it. Past-aholics Anonymous Chapter One On Fire I woke up with the sunrays of a new day hitting my face and my alarm clock screaming in my ears until I unplugged it. With my eyes still half closed because of the brightness, I took the bed sheets off me and jumped out of bed. I stretched my arms above my head until I heard my shoulders crack as I stood on the tip of my toes. That's better , I thought with a satisfied smile on my face, nothing tops a good stretch. I took a quick shower, wrapping myself in a towel after I was finished. I let my ordinary mahogany brown hair dry naturally after I applied a lot of hair products to achieve the perfect look I was searching for. I smothered body lotion on before starting to dress. It was Monday, and the first day of a new school year, so I decided to dress a little nicer than I was used to, giving a good first impression to those who didn't know me. I grabbed my old pair of dark skinny jeans, which made my ass look great, and a salmon colored blouse—my favorite color. I put my slippers on, the ones my mother had given me last Christmas, and maneuvered through the house until I was in the kitchen. I inhaled greedily as the smell of fresh made something assaulted my nostrils. "Mm...smells good in here," I praised, looking around to find the source of the smell. "I know, right? You can thank me later," my mother smiled smugly while she turned the pancakes in the frying pan. "Dream on! It's only fair that you're cooking today; I'm the one that is always with sauce on her clothes. If you don't set the kitchen on fire, we're lucky," I laughed wholeheartedly. Renée was not known for her cooking, to put it nicely... After eating the pancakes in haste and talking a bit more, I grabbed the keys of my red, rusty pick-up truck and went to school. I looked out the window of my car, and admired the beautiful and old view of the city I'd been living in for almost twelve years now. I didn't even remember not living in here. The sun was peeking through the clouds in the sky and it made a pattern of shadows on the ground that resembled a waterfall from the depths of the Amazon forest with all the little animals running around it—the clouds were moving. I sighed to myself, because no matter how much I liked the view, it still bugged me how much green I saw every damn day. Green. I think the color started to disgust me somewhere between fifth or sixth grade. I looked around once again, and shook my head with displeasure. The trees were passing by me so fast, they looked unfocused and after a moment I could no longer distinguish shapes and everything just became a greenish blotch… As I drove through the city I began to imagine how my day was going to be, if anyone was going to be ridiculously different and if anyone would notice the subtle changes in me. I smiled proudly to myself, I was not the same girl everyone used to adore—and sometimes abused; I had changed. I was tougher, less naive and most of all, I was more self-confident. I liked who I was mentally and physically, which was not an easy task to achieve given my insecure past. I promised myself I was going to accept every challenge thrown my way and look at everything with different, optimistic eyes. I was a changed Bella. A Bella that is going to be late for her first class, I thought as I looked at the clock in my cell. I rushed through the streets, earning a few angry yells from the people I almost ran over. "Sorry," I yelled as I entered the school parking lot. I quickly grabbed my purse and my books, and made my way through the school's corridors stopping by my locker to leave there all my unnecessary books. Dead weight, if you ask me. I greeted the school's janitor, my long time friend, as I rushed to get to class. Clumsy as I was, I rammed into someone—that had a big, hard as granite, muscled chest—, and stumbled backwards because of the force of the hit. I groaned aloud as I rubbed my forehead, already feeling a lump forming in it. I looked up to see a big, dimpled, goofy face smiling at me. "You okay there, little one?" asked a friendly smiling voice. "Yeah, sure...sorry," I mumbled into the hand covering my mouth as the other rubbed my sore neck from the effort of looking so up high. "Gotta go, see ya." I dashed through the hallway and, in a matter of seconds, I was in front of my classroom knocking lightly as if afraid of waking up a giant troll. My mind didn't even absorb the fact that I didn't know the guy I had just ran into. "Come in," I heard Mrs. Watson say. I didn't know how it was possible, but I found myself reveling in her nasal, nagging voice. I entered the white, squared classroom shyly, trying to make as minimum noise as possible as not to disturb the class which had begun fifteen minutes earlier. "Ms. Swan, how wonderful of you to join us," Mrs. Watson's voice was dripping with sarcasm as she stood up from her wooden desk opposite the door. Mrs. Watson wasn't the most...joyful teacher. Even though, ninety percent of the other teachers would let me enter without having to put on a show, this one was nothing like them. She lived for the drama of embarrassing her students, like me, when they were late for class, even if it was the first day of school and everyone else would've cut them some slack. "Late on your first day, that's the way to make a good impression," she snickered. I rolled my eyes, as she wrote something, probably about me, on her notebook. Her fingers twisted around her pencil and she almost ripped the page apart with her red claws. I didn't reply, trying not to anger the beast and made my way to the only available seat—which was next to this handsome boy who I had ever seen in my life at school—as she had indicated with her hand. I noticed some people were waving at me, smiling, and I waved them back. As I looked at the guy, the world stopped spinning and it was like I was seeing everything in slow motion like in a movie script. Everything else disappeared into the background and all I could focus on was the Adonis in front of me. He was tall and muscled, but not too much, his skin was pale and it seemed to glow. He was dressed in light blue jeans that fitted his ass perfectly, from the angle I was looking. He was wearing a grey t-shirt that clung to his chest and abs. Oh God, he's just… I stood there ogling him until someone coughed and I snapped out of it. "Hi," he said, taking his hand out for me to shake as I approached him. "Hi," I replied as I shook his hand and sat in the wooden chair next to him, feeling an electrical current from my tiptoes up to the roots of my hair. Once I caught a glance at his face, he was even more handsome. I mean the bronze messy hair had me in a puddle at his feet, but those big green eyes made me surrender in a second. Maybe I liked green after all. Who was this God-like person who made my insides tingle? "I'm Edward, by the way," he said smiling awkwardly, waving his hand in front of his face. "Isabella, but I go by Bella," I replied with a small smile of own. His face was completely flawless, his chin was sharp and straight and his voice... oh, his voice was just so smooth, like velvet and it made me sigh dreamily for him. It made me hope he would talk again. Oh God, what's happening to me? I cleared my throat, trying to make sense of everything I was feeling for this complete stranger and maintain some dignity, and as I did this, it hit me; I was completely and utterly dumbstruck by him and I couldn't let it happen. No, I was going to focus on school as I had planned from the beginning and if that implied having to ignore this gorgeous specimen, than that was what I was going to do. "Did you know that Bella means beautiful in Italian?" he asked, pulling me back from my thoughts. I shook my head discreetly, trying to connect the words he had just said, and blinking several times as he smiled to me—a smile so big, it showed off all of his perfect, white teeth. "Stupid Colgate smile," I muttered under my breath as I opened my notebook and started writing down whatever it was Mrs. Watson was saying about word pronunciation. From the corner of my eye, I saw Edward looking at me like I was crazy, shaking his head and smiling, once again, to himself and then he just chuckled. He sat there, staring as he waited for my answer—the one that was not coming—, giving me all of his attention. Trying to ignore him and the hole that he must've been digging in the side of my head, I looked around and gasped at the hateful looks every single girl in class was giving me. I caught one of them breaking her pencil as she growled at me, marking her territory, I suppose... What the hell is happening? Seriously, the whole female class looked like savage animals—showing me their sharp, white teeth as their saliva slipped down their chins and their hair a complete, filthy mess—which freaked me out a bit... I made the mistake of looking at my left and found Edward still staring at me. I did the same, and nodded to his earlier question when he raised his eyebrow questioningly. It seemed to have been asked a million years ago. As I looked into his deep, beautiful, green eyes and white smile, I lost train of thought and my eyes were suddenly unable to focus. Once he realized my reaction, he shook his head and smirked, breaking our connection and looking at Mrs. Watson. Well, I wasn't going to give myself away any more than I had already, and let him know that he had just dazzled me. Resolute, I looked straight ahead, giving the hint that I didn't want to talk to him, which may have seemed a bit rude considering he was the new kid in a new school—for him at least. I kept doing the same thing the rest of the class did: took notes, looked at Mrs. Watson, ignored the crazy, death glares, and ignored Edward. That last part they weren't doing, in fact they were almost fighting to see who would have his attention next and who was going to kill me. Hilarious. It was not my fault Edward was the only one who didn't have anyone sitting next to him when I arrived, making his the only available desk where I could sit. I just didn't get it... Why were they acting completely insane towards each other because of Edward? Okay, maybe I did get it, but this was too much. By the end of class I was sure someone was going to murder me, stabbing me while I had my back to them... Crazy shit happens when no one's expecting it. "What's the problem, Bella?" he asked, turning to me with a