A heavy hand pounded on the door to the shady, ostensibly closed-down Knockturn pub. Everyone inside froze. Anyone who knew what this place was – who had any right to be there – knew better than to come to the front door, or to knock. The patrons, if they could be called patrons, shuffled awkwardly, until one was shoved out of their mass and up against the boarded storefront. "It's the aurors! Everybody run!" § It started out so innocently . She had been interested in ritual magic, runic casting, weather-working, the outlawed healing spells that had become restricted and even banned over the course of the past fifty years. She had been young and naïve the first time she had ventured into the Nameless Bookstore, Severus at her side, both under the influence of an ageing potion, with her distinctive hair dyed black and her eyes hidden behind blue-tinted muggle sunglasses. She had boldly told the proprietor, an old man called Anomos, that she didn't see any reason she shouldn't be allowed to study whatever magic she liked. He rolled his eyes and muttered, "Ravenclaws," but she could tell he liked her. § There was a mad scramble as everyone either tried to gather up the merchandise they had brought to sell, or else attempted to distance themselves from it entirely. They began to panic as they realized that the Aurors had set up an anti-disapparition, anti-portkey perimeter. "Do not attempt to flee!" a magically magnified voice called. "This is Senior Auror Moody! We have the building surrounded!" Fuck! § They returned several times over the course of that summer, catching the Knight Bus from Cokeworth to Diagon Alley and furtively assuming their disguises in shadowy corners before setting off into the depths of Knockturn in search of forbidden magic. The next year, Severus was not at her side, after their fight by the lake. She went alone, hunting down more exciting, more advanced ideas. The year after that, they went together only once, for old times' sake. Severus had been surprised, she thought, when he realized she had continued to visit without him. "Careful, Irony," he muttered as Anomos puttered away toward the back of the shop. "People are going to think you're darker than I am, if you keep this up." § Lily had no illusions that Alastor Moody would let her go, just because they were both members of Dumbledore's Order of the Phoenix; if anything, he would treat her more harshly as a traitor to the Light. The man she had been talking to shoved the collaboration grimoire she had been examining across the table toward her. "More'n my life's worth," he muttered as she snatched it up and shoved it into her rucksack. He looked around furtively, then turned into a bird with a distinctive pop and sped out a broken window at the back of the shop. Several others faded into the shadows, or dissolved their corporeal forms into a thick smoke and fled through the walls and ceiling. For the first time, Lily cursed herself for never learning any of the more esoteric, dark methods of transportation. § Just because Severus had only gone with her one time during that summer before their seventh year, didn't mean she had only gone once. On the very next trip, Anomos had made her an offer, when he caught her commiserating with another patron about the paltry selection of texts referencing the Primordial Dark – not just at the Nameless Bookshop, but anywhere: "Y'know, missy, if it's the really dark stuff you're after, there's a bunch of… let's call them connoisseurs . Private collectors, you know. Meet up once or twice a month to trade face to face. If you're interested…" § There was an inhuman shriek and she rushed to the window to see a snarling lion Patronus leap through a shadow, dragging a humanoid figure out of it and down to the ground. Okay, maybe it's just as well that's not an option , she reconsidered. But that still didn't solve her problem of how to get the fuck out without going down for trafficking in class-seven non-tradable goods. The book in her rucksack was supposedly linked to one at Miskatonic, and she had seen at least three references to anathema topics just flipping through it. If she was caught with something like that in her possession… Well, the man who had foisted it on her was right: it was worth more than either of their lives. And she had touched it – spent considerable time examining it, in fact: the aurors would be able to track that, even if she left it behind. Fuck! § She had accepted the offer without hesitation. Everyone knew that all the truly rare and valuable books were in the hands of private owners – mostly Old, Dark families with enough political power to prevent their confiscation over the centuries. Not coincidentally, those were the same families from which most of the Death Eaters were recruited. She was aware that attending any such swap-meet would bring her face-to-face with some of the worst elements of Magical British society – the ones who would kill her as soon as look at her if they knew who and what she was. But she was confident no one would recognize her. § She sank into the shadows at the back of the shop and crawled under a table. If she was lucky, she might be overlooked, and then she could just leave. She quickly began casting a series of disguise and concealment spells: Severus' Cone of Silence (she still loved that name) to hide the sounds of her casting and breathing and heartbeat from supersensory charms; disillusionment and collective translucency charms on herself and her bag – in the low light, she should be all but invisible; a delightful little curse that would foil hominem revelio , at least for a few minutes, though it made her feel like throwing up as long as it was working; a locking spell to help resist Finishing charms; a third-class Unobtrusive charm, to subtly deflect attention from any abnormalities created by her presence. Moody blasted down the doorway before she could do anything else. § The sharp, enameled nib of a blood quill pinned an oath to the back door of the burnt out factory where the first swap-meet was held. 'I swear by my life's blood never to reveal by word or by deed or by any other means, any activities witnessed this night in this place, or the identity of any person or persons involved in said activities, to anyone not present. I swear to keep the peace and honor any agreements made this night. I affirm my understanding of these vows, and swear to abide by their spirit with no attempt at circumvention, lest my blood boil in my veins.' A line of brownish 'x's marked the page below the oath. Lily read it three times and performed a diagnostic charm to ensure that the drop of blood could not be used to track her down, or for any other reason than the stated oath, before she warily added her own. The magic of the quill bit viciously into her hand to make her mark. She waited until the blood was dry, and therefore bound to the oath and useless for any other purpose, before jamming the quill back into the rotting planks and pinning the page back in place. § There was a short, pitched battle between those few Dark wizards who hadn't tried to escape and had no means to hide, and the aurors who stormed the door. The Dark wizards were desperate, and more willing to do serious damage, but the aurors knew their business: they swiftly incapacitated their targets. A swap-meet regular who called himself Balin cast fiendfire at the advancing aurors. Lily cursed the fact that it was between herself and the door – otherwise, she thought, it would have made an excellent distraction to escape. Moody, clearly in charge of the operation, countered with an elemental water charm to isolate the demonic flames while his companions focused the full force of their attentions on Balin. He fell quickly, under an onslaught of spells – several more than the hidden witch really felt were necessary to subdue him. Without his magic backing the flames, the curse on the fire dissipated, and Moody's standing wave crushed it with a great gout of steam. § A young man came to show Lily the hidden entrance built into the palings that warded the swap-meet. "You're new," he observed drily. "What makes you say that?" "Only the new ones hesitate over the oath," he shrugged. "Constantine." Lily hesitated. "Asphodel." "Pretty name for a pretty girl," Constantine winked at her. "Who told you where to find us?" "Anomos, from the bookshop. I have an interest in the… rarer texts." The man grinned broadly. "Well, any friend of Odysseus'. Come on, I'll introduce you to Morgen. She's in charge of all this." § The Senior Auror slumped against the wall, exhausted. Lily was impressed, despite her predicament. It took a great deal of power to do anything with fiendfire, especially when it was cast by someone else, and containing it was almost unheard of, at least without tapping an external power source. Exhausted though he clearly was, Moody was equally clearly still focused on completing his mission. He growled and barked orders to his subordinates, sending three of the four out of the building. One returned with a pair of twisted golden artefacts and a very excited-looking Sirius Black, who had a Secrecy Sensor of his own. "Wands at the ready," the auror growled. "And mind you don't touch anything unless it's been thoroughly tested. Y'get all kinds of dangerous shit at these things. Once saw a lad's eyes burnt out trying to take a book into evidence. An' you can bet your balls there's at least one slimy little pissant hiding ready to hex you and make a run for it! Constant vigilance!" § Morgen was an old witch, wizened and white haired, with beady black eyes and scars on her hands and face that marked her as a werewolf. If the scars hadn't given her away, the way she scented the air as Lily approached would have done. "What've you brought me, Connie, my lad? A fresh-faced babe, this one is!" "Not so fresh-faced as that, grandmother," Lily snapped. Constantine hid a smirk behind his hand, as though he wasn't sure whether he was permitted to laugh, but Morgen did. "May I present Miss Asphodel, Lady Morgen?" Constantine asked formally. She waved the proprieties away with a neglectful hand. "Asphodel… Asphodel… Death's flower, hmm? Did de Mort send you here?" § Lily wasn't the only one hiding. Two others had neglected to counter hominem revelio , and one made a break for it as the two aurors with Secrecy Sensors advanced on her position. Lily crept out from under her table and edged toward the door as Sirius approached her spot. He stopped as she did, and turned slowly, his Sensor alerting him to her movement, and vibrating more violently as he closed in. Moody was still guarding the door. Hexing Sirius and making a run for it wasn't an option, no matter how appealing it sounded. She tried, one last time, to disapparate, but it was useless: the wards were still up. With no other options, she raised her hands above her head and directed her wand at herself, dropping her concealment spells. Sirius nearly dropped his Sensor in his haste to disarm her and conjure ropes to bind her. § "De Mort?" Lily asked, confused. The only de Mort she knew of was He Who Failed French: Sirius had told all of them long ago that that was the name he had used for semi-legitimate business with the Dark families when they were children. "I've told him