Hey, look, I found another oneshot that's just been lurking on my hard drive. This takes place sometime in November of 1993 in Mary Potter. Hermione flushed to the roots of her hair. "No, of course not – why would I -?" The boys stared at her in shock. "Why wouldn't you?" they asked in one voice. "It'd – it'd be like – like… like the two of you snogging!" Fred, or at least the twin who was calling himself Fred today (the one with the star-shaped pattern of freckles on his left cheek), looked to his brother in confusion. George (the one with the thinnest of scars just to the outside of his right eyebrow) hesitated, then shrugged and gave him the faintest of nods. Fred smirked. Hermione glared at them. "What?" she demanded. They knew she hated it when they did the silent-twin-talk thing and left her out of the loop. "It's really not," Fred claimed. "Nah, not at all," George confirmed. "What's not?" "Snogging yourself," "and snogging each other ." The bushy-haired bookworm was torn between curiosity and a knee-jerk reaction that screamed wrong in the back of her mind. She would examine her socially mandated reaction to the suggestion of incestuous behavior later, she decided. For now, curiosity won out, and she crushed the latter thought with the same single-minded ignoring that which allowed her to function in close proximity to other, time-turned versions of herself. "How on Earth would you know?" The matched pair shrugged, false innocence practically radiating off of them. "We tried it, of course," George answered. "That's the whole reason we stole Percy's time turner back in third year." "Yeah, this idiot insisted he was the better snog!" "You said the same thing, you prat!" "Yeah well, I was right, wasn't I?" "Don't listen to Georgie – he's a liar," Fred insisted. "So… you snogged yourselves, and then each other… as an experiment?" God , the magical world was absurd some times. If Hermione had told herself five years ago that she would one day say that sentence aloud… "Erm," "well," "no," "not exactly." The girl pinched the bridge of her nose. "For the love of magic, spit it out!" The boys looked uncharacteristically serious. "Well, Firecracker, it's like this…" Fred started. "When a boy reaches a certain age, he starts to have… feelings. Of a certain physical sort." " Urges , you might say." Hermione sighed. "I have had the sex talk before, thanks." The boys flushed, but soldiered on, Gryffindor bravery to the fore. "Well, erm…" "it's not entirely unusual for twins to…" "go through that sort of thing," "around the same time…" "And for the sake of convenience…" "Are – are you trying to tell me you'd been snogging each other…" " Non- experimentally, you might say," George confirmed. "For years," Fred said boldly, almost confrontationally. The Ravenclaw felt her cautiously amused smile grow plastic and fake as the reality that her friends (for once) weren't joking set in. "That's erm…" wrong! Absurd! Ridiculous, and not in a funny way. Please tell me you're kidding – boys don't – and you're brothers – you shouldn't… Fred snorted as awkward silence filled the empty space between them. "Figures you'd be just as judgmental as everyone else." "I'm not being judgmental!" Hermione snapped. George laughed harshly. "Sure you're not. And I'm Bonny Prince Charles." "I'm not!" She hadn't freaked out at them or run off back to the tower to avoid spilling all the first thoughts that she instinctively knew would be the end of their friendship if she said them ( weird, freaks, incest, wrong, mental ). She couldn't, wouldn't risk losing two of her closest friends over a hasty, ill-considered word. (If there was one thing she had managed to learn from Snape in the past few months, it was the value in thinking before speaking. Thoroughly.) She needed time to process – time to come to terms with… whatever this was. "Wait –" she exclaimed, grasping at straws in an attempt to change the subject before she fucked everything up. "Who else knows?" The boys exchanged an inscrutable look before they answered. "Prince and Strega caught us earlier this year." "Oliver." "Lee knows – he has to know." "Stacy turned us down to Hogsmeade last year." "Luna, probably. Mrs. Lovegood was the first one to spot it." "Bill." "Charlie might suspect, but he doesn't know ." "Mum suspects, too." "It's a… a Prewett thing, apparently…" "Quirk of the family magic, soul-bonded twins…" "Her younger brothers," "Fabian and Gideon," "they were in a triad with Marlene McKinnon." "A – a triad? Like a couple? There are – this is… normal? But no, it can't be – you said others had been judgmental…" This time they looked at her, warily, as though expecting her to explode at any moment. "It's… not unheard of," George said carefully. "Not common." "More popular on the continent, or so we hear." "The more unusual part is, well… not the threesome, but us ." Hermione thought she understood Fred's point – it was, after all, where her initial hang-up had gotten caught – but she was still wary of outright accusing them of incest. "So the, um… the two of you? Are… together?" Fred made a sort of waffling motion with his hands, as George hedged: " Technically …" " Technically ?" she repeated drily. "What is that supposed to mean? Surely it's a straightforward yes or no question, whether you're… more than brothers." Fred grinned. "Of course we're more than brothers. We're twins ." "But it's not," George added. "Simple, that is. Come on, let's sit." He led the way to the transfigured sofa (today's tartan pattern an homage to House McGonagall), Fred following behind her, as though to ensure she wouldn't suddenly run off. "Why isn't it simple?" she asked when they were finally seated, herself perched awkwardly on one arm as they lounged at the other end. Their practiced nonchalance didn't quite fool her – after learning to read approval in Snape's expressions, the anxiety in the tension of their body language was clear. George sighed. "You… you can't really understand what it was like, I don't think, growing up together." "We don't finish each other's sentences on purpose, you know," Fred added. "Well, most of the time." "We didn't think of ourselves as individuals until… third year, I think." "Some time around then, yeah. We were always an ' us ,' a ' we ,' you know?" "We hadn't spent more than half an hour apart, ever , until we started having different electives." "And even then, the soul bond, it's like… sharing a brain, literally, sometimes." "Like one mind with two bodies, almost." George sounded a little… wistful? She wondered why. Fred nodded. "Saying I'm Fred and he's George means… almost nothing to us, honestly. If I think about it, I can remember what George has been doing when we're not together, and vice versa." "It's more noticeable when we don't spend all our time together." "And it's still a bit weird, honestly, having to think of ourselves as two separate people." In that moment, Hermione realized that this must be the real reason they had been so upset about her labeling prank – she knew now that running the risk of expulsion meant very little to them, but it sounded as though they really did think of themselves as Gred-and-Forge, rather than as two individuals with their own personalities. Remembering memories that had happened to the other sounded… frankly a bit disturbing. Like a very limited, but constant form of legilimency. It might, she thought uneasily, be inevitable, thinking of themselves as one person, if they had never had any privacy even at that level. It had taken her almost the entire summer to come to terms with effectively having been Ginny for an entire year, and distance herself from the younger girl's experiences and emotions and thought processes (which were quite unlike her own in some ways, and disturbingly similar in others). If she had grown up so close to another person, if that had been her only experience of how things should be , she didn't know that she would have been able to do it. She was practically itching to see what she could find in the library on soul bonds like the one they had mentioned, but George was still talking, and the conversation was moving on without her. "It's not simple because, well… We both like girls, but it was natural to… experiment with each other." "Beats snogging a pillow for practice," Fred joked weakly. She gave him an equally weak smile in response, flushing horribly as she realized that 'practice' probably hadn't stopped at snogging. She had had the sex talk, after all (several, over the years, in fact, from her parents and her Year 7 teacher, and Madam Pomfrey when she went to ask about spells to deal with her period and magical birth control at the end of the previous year), and from the way they were talking, it sounded as though they thought of their activities less as incestuous and more as… masturbatory. "I… see," she said, after what was, probably, too long of a pause. "And – and you've only told… seven? Eight people?" They shook their heads slowly. "No, we've only told you," "and Bill," "and Oliver." "And Oliver doesn't know about the… snogging." Yes, that pause definitely suggested that it wasn't just snogging. Her blush, slightly faded, came back in full force. The boys didn't appear to notice. "Nah, just why we're the best beaters he's ever likely to fly with." "Prince and Strega don't know about the bond." "They might think the snogging was covering up for a prank, actually." "That'd explain why the whole school hasn't heard about it." "Lee's never said anything," "but he's not an idiot," "he can't not know." "Stacy thinks we're a bit weird for both asking her out, but she didn't ask why ." "Mum," "and Charlie," "they know about the bond, and so does Percy," "but we're pretty sure they don't know about…" "Anything else." "And we've certainly never talked about it." Hermione let them continue to talk, though she had gotten stuck back at ' we've only told you .' "Why?" she asked, slightly hysterically. "Why not talk about it with Mum?" "Would you talk about snogging and stuff with your mum?" "I – what? Maybe? Okay, probably not, but… No – I mean, why did you – why are you telling me now?" The boys exchanged another look, then shrugged uncomfortably. "It came up," Fred answered. "We… trust you." "You might be our best friend, Firecracker." " I'm …? But – what about Lee? Or your other dorm-mates? Or your Quidditch team? Or –" Fred cut her off. "Try to give a bird a compliment, George, and you see where it gets us?" "Indeed, brother, indeed. It's true, Hermione." "You don't see any of them, here, helping us with research, do you?" "Well, no , but –" "Or sharing their own secrets. Merlin – the things you've been reading – and the time turner…" Hermione considered this for a moment – all the secrets she had been keeping for what felt like at least half a year (though for them it had been only two months and a bit) from her so-called best friends – before she answered hesitantly: "I… I think you might be my best friends, too. Um… thank you for telling me?" she added belatedly. She still wasn't sure what she thought about the whole matter (still needed time to sit and think ) but she did understand that she was one of three people in the whole world they had talked to about this, one of three people to whom they had actually explained themselves , and she couldn't help but feel a bit warm and fuzzy that they trusted her with what