This story is intended to answer the question 'How would Peter Pettigrew and Regulus Black have even known each other, let alone been friendly?' It takes place between September 1977 and December 1978, which would be the Marauders' seventh year and the first six months after they would have graduated and joined the Order. It precedes the chapter 'Born to Serve' in Coming of Age in the House of Black and The Changing of the Guardian . I initially wasn't going to publish it, because I felt those stories along with the chapter 'Consequences of Judicious Meddling' in Mary Potter and the Chained Servant more or less covered the important points, and gave an impression of why Peter made the choices he did… but then sktheiss asked the question, and it's not addressed in any of the other chapters, so here we are. Canon characters: Regulus Black (age 16-17); Peter Pettigrew (age 17-18); Bellatrix Black (age 28-29); Sirius Black (age 17); Lucius Malfoy (age 21) OC characters: Evan Rosier (Regulus' cousin; Slytherin in his cohort); Peter Pettigrew's mother (mentioned only); Peter Pettigrew's father (mentioned only); Bridget Kelvin (Healer, former Slytherin, a year ahead of the Marauders; mentioned only); Seth Kelvin (Slytherin, Regulus' year; mentioned only); Thanatos Nott (Theo's great-great-grandfather) Regulus' Assignment "You want me to do what ?" "Turn your brother. Or, failing that, I suppose, at least one of his little band of miscreants." " Why ? Sirius has never supported the Dark Lord – not like I – Why do you want him ?" Regulus' face was a study in offended teen dignity and rejection. Bellatrix gave a long-suffering sigh for the stupidity of children, even those she was related to and didn't hate as much as the rest of humanity. "That's the point , Reggie. We need ears inside Dumbledore's Order, people reporting to us. People the Old Goat trusts ." Regulus pouted at her. It was an honor, of course, to be given any assignment so soon – it was only the beginning of his sixth year, after all. He wouldn't be allowed to take the Mark until midwinter of his seventh year, at least. Maybe the year after, if the whispers about professors checking arms were true. "But the Marauders , Bella, really ?" "If you don't want the job, Reggie, say it," she snapped. "No, no, I'll take it! I want to help!" And he did. He'd been raised from the cradle to support their way of life, to know that his proper place was at the top of the hierarchy, ruling over muggles and mudbloods. Blacks were princes among wizards – something his so-called brother seemed to have forgotten. Ever since Regulus was old enough to understand that Bella's Lord was going to give them everything he knew they deserved, it had been his dearest wish to serve. Not at the Dark Lord's right hand, perhaps – that was Bella's place – but beside his cousin, certainly, striving to return the House of Black and the aristocracy of the wizarding world back to their proper place. The Dark Revolution was a nice idea, too, but really, to Regulus, it was a matter of pride and a matter of honor. If he had wear a mask and make nice with Blood Traitors to further the Cause, well, he was a Black and a Slytherin. He could do it. Bella rewarded him with a dazzling, true smile. "Excellent. Use your discretion and keep me informed." "I will," he nodded, patting the pocket where his enchanted mirror lay. Its twin was incorporated into a communication and projection system in the Dark Lord's private headquarters. To hold such a mirror, as to be offered an assignment like his, was an honor. He suspected it was Bella's influence which had seen the task assigned to him, rather than to some other Young Death Eater, like Rosier or Kelvin. "Thanks, Bella." She nodded. "Get going, it wouldn't do for you to miss the train, would it?" "No, ma'am." His cousin, almost twelve years older than himself, rolled her eyes at him. "Then move ," she snapped, pointing at the floo. He laughed, double-checking that his trunk and his wand were in his pockets before fixing his too-good-for-all-this-nonsense face in place and marching into the fire, already considering which of the Marauders would be easiest to break. Lupin was a fellow prefect, and therefore the one to whom he would have the best access, but he was also the most honest of the four, and therefore had the fewest pressure-points to manipulate. Potter was a sitting Lord, and no one could miss how he had suddenly become so much more serious and guarded in the last term. He would be practically untouchable. Sirius still felt guilty about leaving him with their parents (clearly not realizing that without Sirius in the house, they were much easier to get along with), but to be honest, Regulus wasn't sure he could get away with manipulating his brother directly. They did grow up together, after all. Pettigrew, though… it didn't take a genius manipulator to see that the one they called Wormtail was the weakest link, trying so hard to be as noble and clever as his friends and always falling short… Yes… he would start with Pettigrew, and after that, well… who knew? Peter eyed the strange owl rather nervously before taking the proffered letter. It didn't have the St. Mungo's crest on it, but he still worried that it would be more bad news about his mother, who really was chronically ill, unlike Hope Lupin. She had a disease called Am-CAS – Auto-Magico Core Annihilation Syndrome – which was slowly eating away at the part of her brain controlling her magic. Her best case prognosis was squibdom within a few years. At worst, Accidental Magical Episodes – normally harmless in children, but exponentially more dangerous in an adult with so much more power at her fingertips, would kill her – or worse, someone else – first. The only thing to be done was to control the results of the AMEs and hope she could ride it out, like they had done for the last ten years. "Hey, Wormy! Whatcha got there?" Sirius, far too enthusiastic for this hour of the morning, bounced over to the table, like the overgrown puppy he was. "Dunno. Haven't opened it yet, have I?" "Well, what are you waiting for?" "Your company, obviously." It wasn't a very good come-back, but Peter wasn't really a morning person, and he was distracted by the potential for bad news. " Well then," Sirius grinned and made a grab for the folded parchment. His grin turned to a pout as Peter flinched it away from him, shoving it in a pocket to read later, alone. "Thought you were waiting for me." Peter steeled himself. "It… it might be about my mum," he said quietly. "I want to read it alone, later." Sirius' mood made a startlingly abrupt one-eighty, becoming perfectly supportive so quickly that Peter had to do a double take to ensure that he hadn't somehow swapped places with James. But no, it was still Padfoot saying, "Tough luck, mate. Let me know if there's, you know… anything I can do, eh?" and clapping him on the shoulder and passing the kippers. Prongs was still down the table, arguing with Lily and Remus, probably about some prefect thing or other. Peter didn't have a chance to read the letter until everyone else was in transfiguration. He alone among his friends had decided that the Trans NEWT was not worth the time and effort expected by their Head of House. It wasn't that he was particularly bad at the subject – he had managed his Animagus form, after all – but he was planning to work in his uncle's enchanting workshop when he graduated, and didn't see the point in wasting twelve hours a week on mostly theory for a subject he would never use outside of Hogwarts. The only NEWTs he really needed were Charms, Runes, and Arithmancy. He was good at Potions, though, and Defense was good sense in times like these, so he was taking those, too. His first response on reading through the note was anger – how dare he be made to worry for most of the day over something so trivial as this?! But after a few deep breaths, he reminded himself that no one outside of the Marauders knew how he'd take any anonymous bit of post, and it really wasn't as trivial as all that: xXx Dear Mr. Pettigrew, I realize this must seem quite dreadfully forward of me, writing you out of the blue like this, but I desperately need to ask a favor of you: As you are no doubt aware, my brother, Sirius, has moved out of my parents' home. He didn't return at all over the summer or last winter hols. I think he stayed with the Potters instead. He won't answer even my letters and I just… I just need to know if he's okay. Please, don't tell anyone I asked you, even Siri. It would do me no favors in Slytherin to have it known that I'm worried for my Blood Traitor brother, and I expect that he wouldn't be too pleased with me, either, for going around his back like this, but… we never got a chance to talk after, well, everything that happened last summer. I've tried, believe me. I mean, my big brother runs away from home, then has some kind of mental breakdown and ends up seeing a Mind Healer for months? What kind of brother would I be if I didn't even try to make sure he was recovering alright? I… I know he won't come home. I wish he would, but I've accepted now that it's never going to happen. He and my parents… they really don't get on. Fundamental differences. I just want to know he's really alright. I've waited until we're back at school to send this, hoping that he would take at least one of my letters over the summer, but, well… they all come back unopened. It's been a whole year, now. I'm worried about him. I only ever see him from a distance. It's so hard to tell if he's just faking being okay when he won't even speak to me. If he's not alright, he needs help, and this is my last year to convince him to take it. Just… please answer this, even if it's just to tell me to bugger off. I don't know you very well, but from what I've seen, you're the only one of your friends I'd trust to do the right thing and tell me the truth if it was necessary to get him proper help, rather than try to protect him and end up hurting him worse. Family is everything to me, and even if he doesn't want to admit it, he is still my brother. Thank you for your time, and my sincerest apologies for any inconvenience this request may cause you. Regulus Arcturus Black xXx Peter took another deep breath before he began composing a response. He knew all too well the pain of not being able to do anything for the people you loved, but this… this he could do, for Sirius and for Regulus. xXx Dear Mr. Black, I understand, and you needn't worry. I won't mention your note to anyone, and I'm not about to tell you to bug off. I'm glad you care about him. The way he talks, you'd think none of his family do, and like you said, family is everything. I know this last year has been very hard for Sirius, and that it must have been for you as well. I still don't know if running away was a symptom of his breakdown, or one of the causes, but he does seem to be determined to stick to