[This is an early draft of a scene from the seventh Mary Potter book that probably won't end up actually being included. I wrote it like a year and a half ago, and I'm thinking that Tom's characterization is following a slightly different trajectory now, and I'm clearing out some of the random docs I have saved, so, um… I guess have some random Tomione smut, just because? This is the most explicit sex scene I've ever written, btw, so feedback would be appreciated.] Hermione Granger lay on an extraordinarily large bed, marveling at the lengths the Room of Requirement could go to in satisfying a resident's 'needs.' The bed, clearly not meant for sleeping, though sleep in it they had, was resplendent with fine silk hangings and linens which she was certain had a thread count of at least a thousand. Their color was a deep burgundy shade which her lover (so-called, despite the fact that love hardly entered into the affair) insisted was more aesthetically pleasant than any other against her warm golden skin and unruly curls. She supposed he had a point. And of course the contrast of his own paleness – long, lean limbs, tangled in the sheets – and currently-disheveled dark hair against the rich, heart's blood red was incredibly dramatic. Tom Riddle was nothing if not suited to drama. It was in everything he did, so far as she could tell, that particular flair and sense of style that had been his even since his own days as a student. It was the source of his charisma, she was almost certain, an instinct (or perhaps a hard-won habit) to turn every action into a production, every interaction into a seduction. In one life, he had won over the most bigoted of purebloods despite belonging to a class they despised more than any other, then rose to terrible power before being defeated by his own daughter's hand and a false assumption. In another, he had charmed the Lady herself, stealing a second chance, and built a new identity, a new self , before returning to Britain and Hogwarts to finish off his alter ego and get to know the girl who was both his granddaughter and his 'twin.' Drama should, she thought with a grin, be his middle name. The only word more fitting was 'impossible,' and that term had a somewhat distressing tendency to lose all meaning around him. The room grew chillier, and she snuggled closer to him, closing her eyes and burrowing her face into his shoulder, wondering whether he truly was asleep or not. His eyes were closed and his breathing even, but even in sleep, there was a certain sharpness to his features, as if he never fully relaxed. Perhaps he didn't. She knew that even if he was asleep, should she move too far from him, or reach for her wand on the bedside table, he would wake in an instant, pinning her beneath him before he was fully conscious of his actions, preventing any attempt at an attack. Not that she ever would attack him. That she knew exactly who he was, and continued to fuck him – to sleep with him – anyway, should be proof enough of that. She didn't wake at the drop of a hat, after all. It probably said something about her sanity that she was willing to be so helpless in his presence, but she didn't care to think about that too closely. Because she did know him, intimately . She had done for years, through his reputation, of course, and even better, through second-hand, first-person memories. In those memories, stripped of Ginny's emotional investment, she could see a desperate boy, now years younger than herself, terrified of oblivion, ignominy and failure, striving for survival, for life , at any cost. He was cocky, yes, and ruthless – completely unsympathetic to his victim. But beneath that, as it had taken her years to see, there was a defensiveness born of being an outsider his entire life, and that overwhelming drive to be the best, to prove himself that she knew all too well. She had entered into their liaison with her eyes wide open. He was a sociopath, and would, she suspected, never truly care for her. (That was probably for the best – he did not know love, but obsession? Possessiveness? After months in his bed, she was certain he would want to own anyone he cared about in a way she would abhor.) The best she could hope for, she suspected, was that he might see her as a useful partner. If he could use her to his own advantage, he would, she knew. He was Dark, from his magic to his politics to his sense of humor, and more than a little sick and twisted, but he was brilliant , no less so as a professor than as a teenager, and that mattered far more to her than anything else. It had to: everything about their 'relationship' (such as it was) was wrong. He was a professor and she was a student . He was, by some people's estimation, the incarnation of evil itself. He had never hesitated to kill to attain his goals. He was born and raised forty years before her, and even now appeared to be about eight years her senior. His touch (always slightly cooler than her own) and the heartbeat beside her were nothing but an exponentially-destabilizing magical construct, and there was every chance that he would be disembodied again before she graduated. He couldn't die , but he wasn't really alive . He couldn't love her, and she was absolutely certain that she was better off not loving him. But she was nineteen, even if no one talked about it, and had long since surpassed the level of work expected in even his lessons, so there could be no complaints of favoritism or of his taking advantage of a minor. She did not, after all these years, particularly despise 'evil' – any such idealistic polarizations of the world had long since been driven out of her in favor of pragmatic acceptance of different shades of grey. And if she was honest with herself, the fact that he was older and had more experience of the world – that he always had something new to teach her, and a different perspective from her own – was one of the most fascinating things about him. It was one of her worse failings, she thought, that she would sell her very soul for the sake of curiosity. She looked to his face again to see that he was now staring at her as well, his breathing unchanged from when she'd thought him asleep, arms and legs still beneath the blood-red bedding, no difference at all, save for the intense, now-open eyes, watching her watch him. The barest hint of curiosity as to what she would do next marred the blank expression which was his default. This was, she suspected, rather the equivalent of an unconcealed leer on anyone else. She smirked and nipped at his collarbone. If she had any sense of time at all, they still had hours before breakfast, and Padma had long since given up any semblance of minding Hermione's business. She was more than up for a second round. She was rewarded with an extremely thorough snog – nothing so invasive and all-consuming could be referred to as a simple kiss – in the course of which she ended up pressed to the mattress beneath him, his half-hard length and the smooth planes of his chest separated from her only by the tangle of sheets which he had neglected to sort out before pinning her. A moment's concentration on her part and the offending cloth vanished, courtesy of the Room. Her triumphant smirk was lost at once to a moan of pain, desire, frustration as he positioned himself teasingly, barely probing at her entrance, then took one breast into his mouth, licking and nibbling, before biting it hard enough to bruise as his fingers played gently over her other nipple. The contrast of sharp pain and light caress turned her on as nothing else did – a fact which he well knew after many months' experimentation and shamelessly exploited, beginning anew his favorite game. She bucked under him, straining, unwilling to cave to his silent demand. He pulled back with a smirk that said he knew exactly what she wanted – him , and now – and was not inclined to give it to her, or at least, not until she gave him what he wanted – the same thing he always wanted – admission that she wanted, needed him, inside her, taking her, filling her, overwhelming her – pleas for his attention, his mercy for her aroused flesh. The power play, he freely confessed, was half of what made it fun for him. She growled at him and he abandoned her breasts to tangle his hands in her too-long-again hair, pinning her down, his elbows on her shoulders, knees and shins and thighs holding her down – holding him up – holding that most essential part away from her, just close enough to brush and tantalize: far enough for torture. She closed her eyes – his own were too near, too dangerous. Looking into those eyes, she knew, was an invitation to lose . Her Occlumency was good – good enough for battle, good enough to stand up to interrogation – but sex was a different beast altogether, one she couldn't help but lose herself in, opening up her mind to his influence against her best efforts. Her arms were free, and she struggled, of course – to struggle and fight, to compete, even here, for dominance over the other was, after all, half of what made it fun for her – raking her nails down his back in the way she knew he could never resist. He shuddered and pressed himself against her – not where she wanted, of course, but tucked into the crease of her groin, growing harder against her pectineus, caught between them, twitching, his body clearly longing to be inside her every bit as much as she wanted the same. "Say it," he whispered harshly. She bared her teeth at him in an almost-grin. "Never!" She straightened her leg, denying him the same friction he had so cruelly denied to her, before twisting violently from her hips, a desperate attempt to take the high ground and gain control of the situation. He shifted his own weight in compensation, foiling her efforts, and sank his teeth into the place where her neck met her shoulder. Her eyes flew open and she whimpered needily, nearly raising the both of them off the bed as she arched against him. She wasn't half the pain slut he was, but God , she liked it rough, and he was far, far better than the twins ever had been at meeting that desire. She felt him smile against her skin before drawing his tongue up to the soft spot where her pulse beat frantically in her carotid artery. She went limp and then froze as he hesitated there – a thrill of fear working its way through her – a bite like the last one, at that far more sensitive point… that would hurt , and not in a good way, even as turned on as she was at the moment. Her already-racing heart sped faster and she felt him twitch again, crushing himself against the sharp edge of her hip bone as he sensed her fear. After a short eternity of suspense, he pressed a feather-light kiss to the spot, and moved to nibble at her earlobe as she melted beneath him again. "Say it!" "Make me!" He could. He could force himself into her mind, possess her, own her, move her mouth to shape those four little words he so-wanted