Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings. The rights belong to whoever inherited them after Tolkien's death. A/N: I'm not trying to rewrite the story. I'm just inserting an OC. Hope you enjoy! Lord of the Rings: Through a Princess's Eyes (Part 1) Chapter 1 – Of Stories Old and New Everyone has a story to be told. Whether or not an audience will take the time to listen, that is their decision. What is also debatable is when someone's story begins. Does it begin at the start of one's life, when a great, inevitable event befalls the person, or simply when one says so? I suppose the problem could be solved by the storyteller, whether it be someone who did not know the person at all, or the person themselves. But should the decision fall to the former, it can be rather dangerous for the story itself. However, it is also undeniable that what happens in one's life can be greater than anything a mere storyteller could conjure up in his or her imaginative mind. Such is true of my own story. And I shall give my audience the great honor of telling it myself. Before I begin, however, I now make an oath stating that everything that I am about to relate is fact. Who am I to make such oaths? I shall tell you. I am Aminta, princess of Lore, the youngest daughter of its King Kyros and Queen Ione. Why have I never heard of Lore, you ask? Well, we are a small, isolated kingdom located in the northwest of Middle-Earth. I don't find it surprising that our existence should not be recorded outside our own chronicles. So, to be fair, I shall begin not where I make my first appearance, but when my people do. We are of the race of Men. Throughout the Second Age, we lived as a tribe descended from the Edain, Men of the First Age who were known for their alliances with Elves. However, we lived near the Haradrim, stubborn Men of the South who desire power above all else. So after having too many "disagreements" with our neighbors, and discovering that the Second Age was drawing to a close, my people decided to migrate to the North, led by our noble chieftain. It would prove to be a long and difficult trek, one that would test my people to physical and emotional extremes. Not only did we have to pass through Gondor to escape the great war occurring in Mordor, our chieftain came across a group of four siblings: three sisters and one brother. It was soon discovered that they were the children of none other than Anárion of the House of Elendil. They were being kept in what would become the city of Edoras for their safety, but they had long since run out of adequate resources. Our chieftain resolved this by offering to take them to Lothlórien, where we had planned on going to rehabilitate. After many negotiations, our chieftain escorted the four siblings with us to Lothlórien, where we stayed for about a year. It was not long before we decided to leave that the death of Anárion had been announced to his children. While his two younger daughters chose to return to the south with their brother Meneldil, the oldest stayed with us, for she was now in love with our chieftain. However, it wasn't until we reached our current location – which is east of the Blue Mountains and west of the River Lune – that they married, thus forever linking the royal bloodline of Lore to that of the Dúnedain. That, in short, is how my royal blood came to be. Time does not permit me to tell of the next three thousand years of my people, but I will say that we've had our fair share of unfit rulers and wars, both civil and with neighbors. For now, I will begin with my father and mother. My father is the noble King Kyros, who came to the throne in the year 2968 of the Third Age. He is the most accomplished swordsman in Lore (and our kingdom has produced many fine swordsmen). I suppose it would be fair to say that I have inherited most of my traits from him. My childhood was filled with stories of old that he would tell me and my siblings, ones that he himself learned as a student of the great wizard, Gandalf the Grey. It was those tales that fuelled the fire of my adventurous spirit. I longed to see what was beyond the mountains or the river, and I was determined that I would live new tales that I would one day tell. But I never forgot that home was the one place I would always return to. My mother is Queen Ione. She and my father married shortly after he became king. Their families favored the match, but Mother insisted that she would only marry Father if she loved him, and he her; thus much of what I learned about love, I've learned from her. She's also the primary reason that my family is so large, since it was she who wanted to bring all nine of us into the world. But while she may appear to be sweet, which she most certainly is, she is perhaps the best archer in the kingdom, sometimes even going out to catch game with our huntsmen. And whenever she shot down a fine meal for us to eat at supper, Father would always give a toast in her honor. And then of course, there are my siblings. I have four brothers and four sisters, all of them lovely and talented in their own way. My eldest sibling is my sister Junia. Always so calm and practical, and very good with a harp. She has always been somewhat mature for her age, so much so that we rarely catch her off guard whenever we try to pull the occasional (good-natured) trick on her. The second is my brother Festus. As the oldest son, he is first in line for the throne after Father, and he is perhaps my favorite brother. It was he who showed me how to use a sword those first few times, and I admit I sometimes forget to thank him for it, especially now. He doesn't seem to notice though, but he could in fact be waiting for the "perfect" time to remind me. The third is my sister Nephele. Though I hate to admit it, she's a better swordswoman than I. When I first picked up a sword in my pre-adolescent years and expressed a desire to learn how to use it, while Festus took me seriously, Nephele teased me. She is far from being a bully though. In fact, she would probably be the first one to help me if I was in any danger. The fourth is my brother Chariton. Why he has expressed an interest in bugs all his life, I do not know. What I do know is that he's never been an indoors person. He's very kind too. Once, when I was ill, he came into my bedchamber and showed me a lovely butterfly that he had found in hopes that it would lift my spirits. And it did. The fifth is my brother Marcius. He is somewhat similar to Chariton in that he often spends his time outdoors. However, he is more interested in larger animals than bugs, dogs in particular. I remember once when we were younger how he brought in a stray puppy and begged Father and Mother to let him keep it. They (reluctantly) did, and the dog, Beuno, has been his favorite ever since. The sixth is the youngest of my family's sons, Bryn. While my other brothers enjoy being outside, Bryn is almost always in the library. I don't think I can recall a day seeing him without his face in a book. I suppose it's his way of seeing the world since he's not particularly adventurous. Sometimes he even has to be persuaded by Father and Mother to put his books down and go outside. The seventh is my sister Georgia. She is perhaps the most wonderful dancer in our family, if not the kingdom. Usually when we throw a ball she's often the one who stays on the dance floor the longest, the entire evening most of the time. But while she does love festivities and merrymaking, she does know when it's time to be serious. My last sibling is my sister Letitia. She is not only a talented archer like our mother, but she's also an excellent painter. She often paints landscapes and animals. If you ever looked at one of her paintings, you would think you were looking at the real thing itself. And, needless to say, since we are very close in age and have much in common, she is my favorite sister. And so, after the previous eight arrived, late one September evening, out came another little girl, me! Now, I never really considered myself as interesting as my siblings, perhaps because I'm the youngest. But Mother did tell me that when I was born, the midwife claimed that she had never heard an infant scream as loudly as I did. It was as if, she said, that I was making the statement from the very start that I was going to be different. And, in a way, I was. My earliest memories are perhaps my favorite ones. When I could barely walk, Mother decided to introduce me to her love of horses, as she did with all of my siblings at that age. She put me on the saddle in front of her, and we took a short ride through the forest near the castle. It was like magic. And since that day I had a passionate love for being outside and riding horses, since it was probably the closest I would get to having my own adventures. Growing up, I was a somewhat stubborn and willful child, but I could be demure and sweet when I wanted to, especially if either of my parents got involved. All I wanted to do was spend my days outdoors, and I was often dragged back inside to join my siblings – those close in age to me anyway – in furthering my education, consisting of languages (I am fluent in three: the common tongue, the language of my people, and even Elvish), mathematics (which I loathe!), the physical and biological sciences, history (which I came to love most), and geography. Though I did somewhat like my studies, and absolutely love the days I spent outdoors, both were nothing compared to what I really wanted. I longed to do something significant in my life. But through all of those years of wishing and yearning, I could never have imagined what the future held in store for me. This is where my story begins. The year was 3018 of the Third Age. It was September the Fifteenth, and we had just moved to our winter castle. The morning was late, the sun high in the sky, and I was doing what I loved best: riding through the open fields near the castle on my favorite horse, Starfleet. There is nothing in the world like riding a horse at a full gallop, with no saddle but only reins, and it's only you and your horse. I am always thrilled when I feel her black mane whip against my face. It is probably the closest one can ever come to flying. And since it was my birthday that day, it was my own private way of celebrating. I had already been riding for hours, having gone out in the early dawn as I am accustomed to do whenever I go riding alone. But now that the hour was close to noon, I decided to turn Starfleet home. We cantered