Heidi, a sickly pale girl of perhaps fifteen years, stands at the edge of the street, protected by the shadows. Her boyish body is barely covered by the dirty piece of yellow clothing that once was a dress. She is cold, almost freezingly so. But she does not complain. She makes no sound. Heidi knows what will happen to her if her owner notices that she is deliberately hiding from costumers. Heidi also knows what will happen to her if she steps out of the security of the darkness, and of that, she is even more afraid. All around her, the whores cry out into the night, hoping to coax in a customer or two. Whores like her. Heidi instinctively closes her eyes and escapes further into the shadows, not caring for her owner's anger. Trying to imagine being in another place, any other, as long as it is not this one. Like every other night she can remember, she does not succeed. From one second to another, the skies open up and rain pours down in great quantities. Heidi is soaked within the course of a few seconds. She does not move. Her owner's words echo in her ears. Don't you dare come back before the sun comes up. She cries silently. The tears vanish in the sea of rain water, and Heidi feels ridiculously insignificant. .oOXOo. When Heidi returns to her owner in the morning, he is furious. "What do you mean, nobody wanted you?" The old man yells. His hair is greasy and on the turning point from blond to gray, and his breath reeks of foul eggs and bad meat. "You filthy lying whore! Where is my money?" But Heidi has no money. Just like the night before, and the night before that, and all the nights before that that she can remember, except of that one, first night. That terrifying, sickening, painful first night. Heidi shudders at the memory. Heidi's owner is no good man, and he certainly is not forgiving. He hits her until she bleeds and he realizes that he is decreasing her worth. Finally he stops and sends her to bed. Heidi wakes up from a nightmare only several hours later. It is still nighttime, but she doesn't fall asleep again. She is much too frightened of her own thoughts and fears to do that. She stares at a crack in the ceiling until the sun goes down and she is awoken. .oOXOo. The following night, Heidi is still cold. She does not know wether it is the drop in temperature or the hunger taking its toll, but she feels as if she was dead and she wishes the unwanted feeling would go away. She doesn't tell her owner. Heidi knows what happens to whores that aren't worth keeping, and she knows she is already dangerously close to it happening to herself. A sickness is the last thing she needs. Heidi looks down at herself. Her skin is unnaturally white from not seeing the sun, and purple spots adorn her body where her owner hit her. When she lifts up what is left of her dress, she can see and touch her own ribs. The door to her room opens. Antonius, the owner's son, enters. Heidi knows what he wants. She takes a deep breath and fakes a smile, then tries to imagine herself back at home, laughing with her family, as he has his way with her, his small gray eyes glistening with satisfaction and power. .oOXOo. Several weeks pass. The coldness goes away, and for that Heidi is grateful. What Heidi isn't grateful for is that her owner now watches her at night, making sure she doesn't trick him. She can't hide anymore. The nightmares become more and more gruesome, but when they wake her up at night, she is too exhausted to stay awake. Heidi endures. .oOXOo. As soon as the coldness has disappeared, the next sickness comes. At first Heidi only feels a little dizzy, but then the nausea turns to full-blown sickness. She often stands up at night to throw up. Heidi doesn't care what it is, as long as her owner doesn't know. .oOXOo. There's something about Heidi that draws people in. As long as she can remember, even when her parents were still alive, it's always been that way. Back then, she loved this little anomaly of hers. She adored the attention, the adoration it brought her. Heidi practically lived off it back then. It was as if they were the fish and Heidi was the bait, as if they were the seamen and she was the siren, as if they were the flies and she was the spider, luring her prey into a net that had been woven for her. Heidi was everybody's darling, and it was almost too easy. Now that Heidi is a young woman, it brings her nothing but pain. She would give anything, her legs, her hair, even her soul for it to go away and be gone once and for all. But like negative needs positive, like darkness requires light, like evil cannot live without good, she keeps drawing them in. .oOXOo. Heidi earns more and more each night, and her owner stops watching her. He gives Heidi more food, and Heidi grows and develops curves and other womanly features. Her owner also gives her a new dress. It is still a bright and startling yellow, the color of whores, but it is new and covers her up to her knees, and for one moment in time, Heidi is happy. At night, she wonders wether or not her parents would have been proud of her. .oOXOo. The following night, something terrible occurs. News travel fast, even in the poor quarters of the city, and so Heidi knows that the Romans lost a battle against the Germans with a total loss of frightening three legions only minutes after her worktime has begun. ( 1 ) "But why does that mean that there will be no costumers tonight?" Heidi asks the first whore she can find. "Because the emperor had to sack half the plebs to pay for a new army to be created and instructed," the whore answers reluctantly. "Now the plebs are too poor to pay for us, and the aristocracy has their own slaves." Heidi breaks together on the sidewalk. She knows what this means. She will bring back no money, and her owner will get furious again and hit her. She winces at the thought, but she does not have long to wince as exactly in that moment, the sickness returns and Heidi pukes onto the street. The other whores laugh at her, then go back inside and sleep. Heidi stays, desperate for costumers. She needs the money, or her life will turn into hell once more. .oOXOo. The next morning, Heidi returns empty-handed. Her eyes are swollen and red from crying and she reeks of puke. She begs her owner to have mercy on her. Her owner doesn't listen. "You whores are all the same," he says. "You work just enough to get new dresses and food, and then you get lazy again." "Please," Heidi cries. "It wasn't my fault..." Her owner scoffs and punches her in the face. Heidi screams, but he does not stop. Instead, he smiles and aims for her legs. He misses. As his fist makes contact with the whore's lower abdomen, it is hard as rock. Heidi wails out in pain, but then stares at her stomach surprisedly. The owner sighs and lifts up Heidi's dress. For the first time, Heidi sees the bulge that is forming. "Get out," her owner says. .oOXOo. Heidi tries to sleep on the sidewalk, but it is already bright day and all her attempts fail. She does not know what to with herself. All she knows is that she is tired and hungry, but has neither a bed nor food. In an attempt to pass time, she walks through the streets of Rome. She has not seen them since the day her parents were murdered and she was forced to take on a profession to survive. They are even more magnificent than she remembered. But she can't bring herself to be happy. Heidi is frightened, very frightened. She has never been this scared her entire life. Something is different. People don't turn around anymore when they see her. .oOXOo. When the night comes, she runs back to her owner's house and violently knocks at his door, again and again and again. Heidi is so incredibly hungry and tired that she feels she might faint, and her exertion is more powerful than her dignity. She needs him, she thinks, as much as he needs her. "Open up!" She screams. "Please!" A voice answers from behind the door. "Are you still pregnant?" "Yes." "Then get away from my door." Heidi tries to spend the night on the sidewalk, but the cries of the other whores and the hunger keep her awake. She only sleeps for a few hours. .oOXOo. When she wakes up, Heidi searches the streets until she finds half-rotten bread in an alleyway hours away from the owner's house. She gulps it down greedily, ignoring the disgusting taste. In the night, she returns to the street the owner's house is on, trying to earn some money the way she has done for many years now. But the few men that do come take one condescending look at her and walk to the next whore. Halfway through the night, she lies down and tries to sleep. But Heidi is too worried, and sleep will not come. She hopes, prays that her anomaly has not disappeared forever. .oOXOo. As the weeks progress and Heidi's stomach gets larger and larger, she finds herself wishing she could resign herself to slavedom. It is what she would do if not for the unborn child that grows inside of her. From what she has heard, though, people don't normally buy slaves that are expecting children, and if they do, the slaves don't live to carry their children from exhaustion. She also finds herself wishing she had never been giving that shiny new dress. It instantly sticks out in a croud, marking her as a whore and driving people to get away from her. As long as she is wearing the yellow dress, Heidi cannot even be a thief. All she can be, she realizes, is a pregnant whore. She eats food out of other people's garbage and drinks water out of the Tiber ( 2 ), eventhough the water is said to be carrying a bright variety of diseases. Heidi does not care. It's either this, or she is going to dehydrate. .oOXOo. One month after she is thrown out, she convinces herself that she has completely lost the ability to draw others in. Costumers barely give her a second look at night, and when they do, it's one of pure disgust. One day while washing herself in the Tiber, she sees her own reflection in the water. She looks like a corpse with a swollen belly. Heidi barely recognizes her own face. "It's no wonder no man would pay to sleep with me," she whispers. .oOXOo. Four months after she is thrown out, she cannot see her toes anymore and cannot move quickly. Everything hurts, and Heidi prays at night that she dies before the baby comes. She fears that she will not survive the birth, and she feels like hunger would be a much more painless and merciful way to die, both for her and her baby. .oOXOo. Heidi's prayers are not answered. The baby comes only two days later, when Heidi wakes up in the middle of the night from a sharp pain in her stomach. For seven long hours she experiences the worst pain she could have ever imagined. For seven long hours, the people living in the surrounding houses and whores working nearby scream at her