My Daughter The beach was loud, crowded for a Wednesday morning on the north shore of Prince Edward Island, Canada. Several families were present, playing volleyball, chasing a small dog, and splashing in the water. There was no sunbathing though, the dense clouds overhead blocking any rays they might have caught. One family sits apart from the others, completely isolated from the world. The two eldest of the group sit on lounge chairs, the man reading a medical text while the woman sketched absentmindedly on a pad. The older sister lay back in her chair, her skimpy bikini showing nearly all of her marble-white skin. A few yards away, the two older teenage boys and the younger sister horsed around in the sand, throwing it at one another and laughing as if there were nothing to worry about in the world. Further away still, the youngest male sat apart from his family, up on the numerous rocks and boulders that lined the beach. He looked out into the ocean, unseeing. His golden eyes flicked momentarily as his sister cried out as sand was thrown in her face as she lounged. Rosalie Hale brushed the sand off her stomach, her piercing eyes burning a hole in her husband's skull. Saying nothing, she stalked off down the beach to cool off. The beach was small but long, and stretched for miles; soon, Rosalie saw and heard no one on the beach and reveled in the aloneness. It wasn't long though before she heard more heartbeats and splashing in the water. She growled under her breath, momentarily happy with the rare feeling of solidarity, but continued on, not wanting to get back to her family yet. After summiting a small hill, Rosalie came upon the source of the sounds. A toddler played in the low waves, the mother sitting in a beach chair a few feet away, typing swiftly on a keyboard. The child was female, her dark hair of medium length, pulled up into a high ponytail that bounced when she jumped over the waves enthusiastically. She wore a green one piece and small white sunglasses with little crystals on the edge. The mother wore a soft white cover up, with dark sunglasses that matched her hair. Her back was to Rosalie but the child looked up at Rosalie curiously. Rosalie was confused about how the child could have known she was there; her approach was silent to all humans. Rosalie studiously ignored her gaze, taking to the water about 200 yards from the mother and child. The cool ocean submerged her feet and ankles, making the sand dip and bury her feet in the soggy substance. Suddenly, she felt a tug on her hand. Startled, she looked down into the little girl's face. She had taken her sunglasses off and was staring up at Rosalie with bright emerald green eyes. Her face too was very familiar and Rosalie racked her brain to find where the familiarity had come from. She was distracted though as she became lost in the toddler's wide, innocent gaze. The girl didn't say anything, just continued to watch her curiously, her little head tipped slightly to one side, her small teeth biting into her bottom lip as she did. "Elizabeth, come here now!" Both Rosalie and the girl looked toward the order and suddenly everything fell into place. Rosalie stared, shocked, as the mother hurried toward them and the little girl—Elizabeth—rushed to her. The young woman swept her daughter into her arms, holding her up on her hip securely. "I'm sorry, ma'am, I hope she didn't dist—" the woman fell silent too as Rosalie and she appraised each other while Rosalie fought for words. Bella looked as surprised as Rosalie, both their eyes wide. Bella's eyes though were cautious, unbelieving, while Rosalie was just shocked. It had been three years since they had left Forks, Washington, three years since Rosalie's adoptive brother Edward had ordered the Cullen family to leave the small town and his human mate behind, insisting her life would be better without their interference. They complied and have not returned nor tried to reach out to Bella since then. However, it seems Bella's life was not as ideal as they might have thought. Though Bella wore a cover up over her bathing suit, it was not tied and Rosalie could see the jagged scars that covered Bella's torso from her right hip across her mid-drift and up to just under her left breast. The wounds were large, horrifying, and only just recently healed. Bella was thin too, dangerously thin, and Rosalie could easily see slashes on her arms and wrists. Rosalie stared at her would-have-been sister, not knowing what to say. Bella said nothing either, but her face was not as shocked as before. Gently, she put down her daughter. "Lissie, baby, go play in the sand by the chair, okay?" She asked; Elizabeth nodded and, with one last glance toward Rosalie, hurried to the beach chair and plopped down in the warm sand. Bella watched her for a moment before turning to Rosalie. They stood there for a moment, just watching each other, before Bella spoke. "Are you really here? Or am I just hallucinating?" she said softly. Rosalie stared, confused by the question. "I am here, really," she answered. Bella nodded curtly, her eyes still cautious. "If you don't mind me asking…what happened to you?" Rosalie asked, her eyes raking over Bella's stomach. Bella sighed, wrapping the cover up over her more securely, tying it closed. "After you all left," she says her voice weak, "I don't remember what happened. For months, I don't recall anything. Looking back on it, I believed I was catatonic. And I didn't wake up until one morning when I was throwing up. I took a pregnancy test, three actually, and they were all positive. I…I didn't know what to do. Charlie was furious, telling me to have an abortion. But I couldn't. It was…that night…after the party, he…he let his boundaries fall for that one night…of everything else, it was the one thing for sure I thought was a dream…but it wasn't. My pregnancy proved it and, even if it didn't, I wouldn't abort the baby. I couldn't. Charlie was so mad, I left…I drove to your old house…I stayed there. I stayed there…" Bella was on the verge of tears, her voice cracking. Rosalie was shocked, angry, and aching for her. Bella walked slowly to a small outcropping of rocks nearby, sitting down on one while keeping her eye on Elizabeth, who was building a sandcastle. Rosalie followed, sitting beside her, her gold eyes waiting for more. "I stayed there my entire pregnancy. No one turned the water or heating or any of the appliances off. I was able to use what was my college fund for food and some spare supplies, like diapers and a few pairs of clothes and such. Whatever I could afford…" she trailed off. Rosalie, though hurting for her, encouraged her to continue. "The birth?" she asked softly. Bella laughed humorlessly. "Hell," she said, "She came early. I was only about 34 weeks. My labor was 16 hours long. I was pushing for 4. There were still some medical supplies left and I used them. I gave birth in the bathtub. It was very painful. She was so small. She had the umbilical cord wrapped around her neck; she couldn't breathe and she almost died. I was expecting her to, expecting her to die in my arms. She couldn't breathe and she was trying to breathe so hard her little body was trembling. I knew I should have gotten prenatal vitamins or something but I couldn't…..and it would've been my fault if she died….I would have deserved it…." Bella could speak no longer, losing her voice as tears slid down her cheeks. Unthinkingly, naturally, Rosalie pulled her into her arms, hugging her firmly to herself. Bella hugged her back, surprised but needing the support. "Carlisle should have been there. We all should have been there. I'm so sorry," Rosalie whispered, tightening her hold. Bella said nothing, just taking in the moment. Rosalie broke apart though as Elizabeth waddled over to them quickly, her eyes scared and on the brink of tears. "Mommy?" she asked, her little voice terrified. Bella reacted instinctively, letting go of Rosalie and turning toward her daughter, lifting her gently into her lap, tucking her head under her chin. "I'm ok, baby girl, I'm ok," she crooned, rocking her daughter back and forth and she clung to her mother desperately. Bella kissed Elizabeth's hair gently, closing her eyes as Rosalie watched on silently. When both mother and daughter were calmed down, Elizabeth turned her head toward Rosalie curiously once more. Bella loosened her hold on her, allowing Elizabeth to sit comfortably in her lap. "Lissie, this is Rosalie," Bella introduced Rosalie softly. Elizabeth looked up at Rosalie curiously, a new light coming to her eyes and she reached back to touch her mother's neck gently. Bella smiled gently, taking the hand and kissing it gently. "Yes, baby, the one I've told you about," Bella answered, a wry smile on her face. Elizabeth made a small giggle, reaching toward Rosalie, who looked up at Bella, panicked. Bella nodded and Rosalie took Elizabeth from her. The little girl settled into her freezing embrace easily and deliberately placed her hand against Rosalie's cheek. Rosalie gasped as her vision left her, though she felt Bella holding onto her arm as memories that were not her own flashed through her mind. She saw Bella as Elizabeth did, holding her in her arms and telling her stories about Rosalie, about how even though she was distant, Bella loved her, and how her middle name was tribute to Rosalie, her aunt. The memories disappeared as Elizabeth's hand dropped from Rosalie's skin and the toddler began to play with her bathing suit. A moment later though, she reached toward Bella, who took her and kissed her forehead gently before placing her own the ground, encouraging her to go back and play. Rosalie was sitting still as a statue, the shock apparent across her face, and Bella waited for her to say something. Finally, she did. "She's gifted," Rosalie murmured. Bella nodded, a small smile on her lips. Rosalie's eyes casted down as she processed the information. Her eyes landed on Bella's stomach, covered by the white fabric of her cover up. Without thinking, Rosalie reached out and took Bella's hand. Bella let her, her own eyes avoiding Rosalie's as the vampire flipped her wrist over, her pale, unhealthy skin brandishing fresh scabs of cuts, lining her arm from her wrist to her elbow. "I wasn't trying to kill myself if that's what you were thinking," Bella defended herself. Rosalie looked up at her, disbelief in her eyes. Bella sighed, pulling her hand away gently and placing it in her lap. She looked toward Elizabeth as she spoke. "I had to feed her somehow. In the beginning, she took my milk. But after that, she began to cry for more and she didn't want just my milk. She was hungry and I did the only thing I could think of to feed her." Bella looked down at her hand, her fingers grazing the faded pink lines across her skin. Bella met Rosalie's eyes. "I don't have access to blood on a regular basis. It's not like a blood bank will just donate some. So I had to make do," she said. Rosalie was flabbergasted. "So you gave her yours," she whispered. "What else could I do? What else can I do?" Bella responded, looking back toward her daughter, who was enjoying playing in the sand. "Come with us," Rosalie said. Bella looked back to her, her eyebrows raised. "Us?" She asked uncertainly. Rosalie nodded. "The family is here, a few miles down the shore. I can get them….." Rosalie trailed off as tears began to run