AN: Alright, not a lot of people like Twilight but I LOVED the books (movies = shit), so if you don't like it, just leave it be. If you DO like it, though, please let me know. Enjoy, guys! I lay in the back of Renee's car, one arm over my eyes, and waited for the stop of the car to tell us when we arrived at the airport. It was seventy-five degrees here in always sunny Phoenix, so the windows were rolled down - and I hated it. Sure, I adored the fact that the windows gave me a slight breeze, but when the breeze stopped, it only made me hate this place more. Its constant, beating sun and intense mugginess were just not for me. Ever since Bella had told me her idea for the move, all for Renee's benefit, of course, I've been all for it. Don't get me wrong, I love Renee like a mother, but she was too flighty, too light-headed about things. I knew Bella hated Forks, but from how she described it, it was a magical place, where when the sun shined it was warm, but not hot; where it rained and snowed so much, showing up to school soaked would be easy. I love the rain - whether it was drizzling, foggy, or pouring, I would find a way to be in the middle of it all. Bella loved sunny Phoenix, but she was very selfless, like me. She said, and I quote, "My only salvation from this place will be you." Bella was my best friend - I even considered her a sister. Her and her mother had taken me in last year, when I was sixteen, after the 5th foster family I'd been with had died - mysteriously, as usual. I'd gotten over getting attached to people, but when Bella and her mother hadn't died after a month, I opened myself up. And here they were, well and alive a year later, driving us to "our doom" as Bella would say. The car slowed and stopped. I was extremely excited, so I sat up quickly and hopped out of the car, grabbing my one bag of luggage from the trunk and heaving it towards the airport. "Bella, Kaylin..." Renee started worriedly as we gave our luggage to the workers. "You don't have to do this." She glanced at me before her eyes landed on Bella's face. Bella took in her mother with worry, and although I knew Renee could take care of herself, Bella never believed me. I reached out a tan hand and placed it on Bella's shoulder. It seemed to give her her voice back. "I want to go, and so does Kaylin." Only the first part was a lie, and quite a bad one too. I just had to teach Bella how to lie someday. "Tell Charlie I said hi," Renee gave up her argument and I saw her excitement. "We will!" I chirped happily. Why was I chirping?! Kaylin Sanders does NOT chirp. "I'll see you two soon," she continued. "You can come home whenever you want - I'll come right back as soon as you need me." I tried not to roll my eyes, but seriously? Bella would never give up her side of the argument, and Renee, no matter how much she tried to deny it, wouldn't like for Bella to come back too soon. "Don't worry about us," Bella replied. "It'll be great. I love you, Mom." Bella and Renee embraced, and then I kissed Renee on the cheek. "Bye!" I yelled, dragging a blushing Bella onto the plane. My yell had drawn attention to us and she didn't like that. I made sure I had my flannel shirt tied around my waist, and dragged us to our seats. Bella rolled her eyes at my enthusiasm as she sat down. I had an aisle seat, thank god, and stretched my long legs out. Before I knew it, I was passed out, waiting for our arrival in Seattle. I watched my sleeping friend next to me, her head on my shoulder, and chuckled. She wouldn't be happy when her chin-length brown hair had the bed-head look. She had brushed every caramel highlight into perfection this morning in anticipation for Forks. I didn't understand, especially since she usually doesn't care about girly stuff. For the past year, Kaylin and I have been inseparable. Neither of us fit in anywhere, only with each other. Everyone thought Kaylin was too tough, but that was mainly just on the outside. She was headstrong, loyal, and extremely courageous. She was everything I aspired to be. I had watched her stand up to countless bullies for people she didn't like, even getting into fights (that she always won). Her wide green eyes were intelligent and sharp, showing the danger you were in if you fought with her. She was pined after by every boy, and even some girls, in the school. She was worshipped there, even by teachers...and chose to be my best friend. I liked my luck, even if it was rare. I was woken by Bella as we landed in Seattle. We got off and waited for our next plane, which would arrive in fifteen minutes. I was bouncing in my seat, super excited. But even I wasn't oblivious to the stares we were getting. A brunette, shy and hiding behind her hair, and a girl who looked like her sister, bouncing up and down, glaring at anyone who got too close. I heard the flight attendant and jumped to my feet, dragging Bella with me. Our seats were different this time; I had the window while she got the isle. Oh well, I can't have everything. As we took off, I wondered what life in Forks would be like. If people there were evil then I wouldn't enjoy myself AT ALL. Sure, I'm good at fighting, but that doesn't mean I like to. Moments later, our plane was touching down and I was shaking Bella awake. It was raining! My day could not get better at this point, it really couldn't. I dragged Bella off the plane where she led me to her father, Charlie Swan, who was waiting near a police cruiser. She suddenly tripped, and before I could catch her, Charlie did. "It's good to see you Bells," he smiled, steadying her. "You haven't changed much. How's Renee?" "Mom's fine. It's good to see you too, Dad." Bella responded, tossing her luggage in the trunk. I placed my measly bag in the seat next to me in the back of the car, feeling like a criminal. I only had three pairs of shirts, one a white tank top with a huge faded black skull, another white tank top with a big faded black cross, and the one I was currently wearing, a white tank top with a large faded black fleur-de-lis. I had three pairs of the same plaided dark gray and lilac flannel shirt around my waist, three different pairs of black leather pants, and two pairs of black combat boots that reach the middle of my calf. Speaking of my flannel shirt, I put it on, slightly cold, and left the top three buttons open. Bella and Charlie were having a conversation, so I occupied myself with looking out the windows in glee. It was beautiful; there was green no matter where I looked, a stark and colorful contrast to Phoenix. I was still staring out the window when I heard Charlie say my name, so I quickly brought myself from dreamland. "So, Kaylin, how are you liking Forks so far?" He glanced at me in the rearview mirror before staring at the rain slicked road. "Oh my god, I love it here! There's so much green, and rain, and nature, it's amazing!" I gushed happily, a bright smile on my face. "Really? You're...different then what I expected, but don't take that the wrong way," He said worried. I laughed. "Psh, I get that a lot. People expect me to be a carbon copy of Bella, and although I am in some ways, we're totally different." He nodded, and I could tell that the conversation was over. Damn, he really isn't a talker. I refocused on the scenery outside as we pulled up to Charlie's house, or I guess, my new home. It was beautiful; it looked small and simple, and it probably only had two bedrooms, but I already loved it. It had a cottage look to it, some vines and ferns placed strategically around and on the house. It was right in front of a large wooded area, and I already couldn't wait to explore it. There was a beautiful '53 Chevrolet Pickup Truck (what, I know my cars) sitting in the driveway, faded and rusty, but a beauty all the same. "Wow, Dad, I love it! Thanks!" Bella exclaimed. She was practically bursting with happiness, and I could tell that she saw herself in this truck. Charlie mumbled something, but I was too far gone to notice. I was practically petting the truck, my bag beside me, a lone toothbrush popped out. "So, Charlie, is this a '53 Chevy?" I turned my head back towards them, but they were gone. I pouted. Meanies, leaving me out here, defenseless... Turning with my bag in hand, I heard a rustling in the bushes. I glared in horror at the offending branches until a bunny hopped out. Phew. I placed a hand on my heart and went inside. I had no clue where I would be sleeping. I saw Charlie in the living room, watching some sport game or other, pah. "Sooo...Do you know where I'm sleeping?" He jerked forward, spinning around quickly, but relaxed when he saw me. "Um, yeah, you have the office space. I converted it into a bedroom, so there's not much in there, and it's pretty small..." He was rubbing the back of his head. I lunged forward, hugged him tightly, exclaimed "Thanks Charlie!", and was off. I skipped up the stairs, looking for Bella. I saw her moping in her room, all her clothes neatly folded, as she stalked towards the bathroom. She was deep in thought, and suddenly she saw my reflection and wiped her tears away. My heart ached to see my sister in pain. I locked the door behind me and sat on the closed toilet seat. I opened my arms towards her, and she accepted, sobbing and crying, the whole deal. The only things I did was pat her back soothingly and whisper in her ear. I let her go to her room after a few minutes and set my bag on the sink. I stared at my reflection in the mirror. Wide green eyes, framed in long black lashes stared innocently at me. My chin length chocolate brown hair was ruffled and messy, the caramel highlights sticking up at weird angles. My tanned and freckled arms were crossed, and my muscles flexed involuntarily. I had tearstains on my tank top. I rolled my eyes as I brushed my teeth. I felt and looked the same as ever. Would I be able to survive in a place like Forks? I woke early the next morning, feeling refreshed. I lay in bed, listening to nature and the house before I glanced at the clock. Ahh, five in the morning. I grabbed my cross tank top, a flannel, and a pair of my leather pants. In the shower were three options for shampoo: strawberry, which was most likely Bella's, I didn't look too closely at Charlie's, and mine, which was a special rose extract. Washing it out of my hair, I grabbed the towel and wrapped it around myself before stepping out. I glanced in the mirror to make sure I had gotten all the soap out, and my locket caught my attention. It was silver and oval-shaped, given to me by Bella for my