Olympian Heroes AN: Let's start this off with an apology. I've read the OCs put in the reviews, they're amazing, but I won't accept them. Anyways, this is a small teaser chapter (I'm not sure if you can call this a teaser) but it shall ONLY include this character, Oliver Weber. NOTE: MILD SWEARING Disclaimer: I do not own any of the Percy Jackson series. Chapter 1| Oliver Learns to Shoot Oliver "I won't forgive you." A phrase he's said many times. A phrase used so often, that at times, the words made his tongue funny. Perhaps they'd been drilled into his brain, sometimes, he said it upon instinct, without really thinking things through. Again, after forcing those words through his clenched teeth, he would end up slamming them enemy into a wall or pole, whatever was near. Did that happen this time again? Oliver focused his blurred eyes and forced his sloppy body upright. His elbow was against someone's neck, he was growling in rage, his eyes were set in a glare…yep, it happened again. Somehow, Oliver had never been able to shake away his feelings of rage and hatred for someone else. They always wedged its way back into his brain, screaming ' kill that guy! Punch 'em in the noggin!' It might've been genes; he could've gotten the rage from his rotten father, the old man being the crazed drunk as he always was. It didn't matter, since right now he was about to unwillingly rip a guy's head off. "Whoa! Bruh, chill! It was only a light push and shove! I can buy you another drink!" The teen said, his voice faint and smothered by Oliver's elbow. The teen wrinkled his…urgh…acne littered nose, and stole a glance at Oliver's chest. "And a new shirt, for that matter." The teen stared with laughing eyes at his light blue t-shirt, stained with Oliver's own slushy. Light push and shove? Oliver doubted that throwing someone into a garbage bin was considered a ' light push and shove '. He growled. "Don't mess with me." He grinded his teeth, an unhealthy habit of his. His friend, Basil, always tried to stop him, since it supposedly ruined teeth, and according to his brown-haired friend, Oliver had 'perfectly, shiny, rare, white teeth'. The teen attempted a half-hearted shrug. His dirty blonde hair tousled in the wind. "Put me down, big guy. Unless if you want that pretty face of yours ruined." The teen smirked, his breath rotting of garlic and pizza. Oliver cringed internally, but instead of pulling away, he smacked the teen against the pole with more rough force. The teen sputtered and choked, spraying saliva everywhere. Oliver chose to wisely step back a tad. A normal, much more civilized person would've dropped the poor guy and let him leave, but Oliver wasn't civilized. A normal person wouldn't be here in the first place. They were in an empty parking lot, near a convenience store. Oliver just brought himself a slushy, minding his own business, but this guy came and pushed him smack into a garbage bin. Why did this guy look like he came straight out of a rock band anyways? He seemed to be the kind of guy no one dared mess with, and Oliver totally wasn't holding this guy in a chokehold, not at all. His wild, spiky blonde hair was annoying and prickly. His leather jacket was itchy and heavy. His shoes had spikes, spikes for the lord's sake! He might as well have tattooed his forehead to say ' Stay clear of me! I'm a punk rock guy!' Imagine being kicked by his shoes. How much would that hurt? That might kill a kidney or two. Maybe make the person bleed to death first. Oliver had a small habit of daydreaming in the middle of serious moments. Of course, he only noticed this now. Oliver got his question answered. The teen kicked him on the shoulder, the one with the arm against the blonde. Something snapped sickly. His stomach twisted. It was sharp. Note to self; don't anger a guy with spiky boots. Oliver suspected that the sharp thingy wasn't a spike, thank the lord. It felt more like a heel. Oh, that would definitely be bruising later. Wincing in pain, Oliver swiftly smacked his shoulder. Another snap. He'd just relocated his shoulder. Tenderly, he touched his neck. With a sharp inhale, he snatched his hand back. The surface of his skin burned when he tapped it even slightly. Nevertheless, he tested his wrist. It could still move. Good enough. Suddenly, the rage that was buried in the pit of his stomach surfaced. His glare wasn't enough to suffice for this anger. The teen spilt his drink. Ruined his shirt. Threw him into a garbage bin. Dislocated his shoulder. Not something he could ignore. Actually, he'd be appalled if someone could walk away, completely cool, after all of that. Oliver stared at the youth. The teen held his stance, stuck between the decisions to run or fight. His dirty, unkempt nails were clenched and hidden away in his balled fist. He looked…scared. Oliver suddenly felt sympathy for they guy. But it vanished as quickly as it came. It was like someone was pushing it away, very gradually and with little effort, just to spite him. Oliver reached for it again. He couldn't stand it. He couldn't pick on someone who was smaller, weaker than him. It wasn't right. Besides, the teen could've been venting out his anger, or frustration. Maybe he was breaking on the inside. Oliver didn't know, but he couldn't just punch the kid either. Oliver grabbed the last remaining bit of his sympathy by his fingers, but it slipped away faster, as if it were made of water. Suddenly, a horrid scream ran through his head. Revenge. The voice didn't even sound vengeful. It was desperate, a last effort to catch the ball. A loud, tearful wail of anguish. It was crying. The voice was crying. The dice rolled. The coin flipped. The decision was made. Oliver scrunched up his own fists, and took a step forward. "And you thought that was a great idea because?" Basil screamed, throwing his hands into the air. "I told you to stop picking fights!" Oliver stared at the far wall as Basil began to pace up and down the corridor, his voice getting louder with every word. "But do you ever listen? NO! No, you do not! You're just begging to get yourself killed!" Basil wrung his curly hair, as if wanting to pull all the roots out. Oliver sighed and picked himself up from his leaning position against his locker. "I'm fine, stop screaming." He dusted his hands and brushed invisible dust off his jeans. He expected the lecture, he saw it coming, but straight in the morning? That would fry his brain. "You have a bruise on your collar bone!" Basil snapped back. Oliver glanced down, and cursed swiftly. Too careless, what if a teacher saw him instead of Basil? He pulled the collar of his white long sleeved shirt over the bruise. His bone was sporting an ugly purple colour, and it showed on his tanned skin like a five-year-old's drawing of a flower. The kid tried to stay neat, tried to keep it small and simple, but the world was much too big for his eyes - the drawing ended up being twice the size of his head. The shirt barely covered it. "No I don't." He tried. Basil looked at him as if he was trying to swallow a frog. "I can't believe the nerve of you!" His friend gripped Oliver's arms tightly, trying his best to glare. "Why- are- you- so- annoying?" He said, with each word he shook Oliver once. He poked Basil's forehead. "I'm not annoying, you are." The curly-haired guy was much, much shorter than him, reaching his shoulders, so having someone ten inches shorter shaking your bones out was more than a bit irritating. Basil opened his mouth to retort, but was cut off by a soft whirl. Sadly, it was not a forming tornado ready to crush the school. Oliver could recognise that sound anywhere. It made him smile every time. "Is something the matter, boys?" The motorised humming stopped, and was instead replaced by the deep, smooth voice of Mr Brunner, their ancient mythology teacher. Though the voice was calm, it made him feel like he'd done something very wrong. Mr Brunner stared up at them from his wheelchair, smoothing out the striped blanket over his legs. His chocolate eyes glinted with a slight curiosity as he eyed Oliver. Brunner was the type of teacher that was easy to get along with. He had a benign face that made you drop your guards quickly. Oliver saw the teacher fiddle with his own hair as he stared at Basil, midway of ripping his curly strands off. They both had that woody, light texture to their hair, as if the both of them had grown from a tree. They were very pale in comparison to Oliver's black hair. "A bruise, Weber? What happened this time?" He inquired, raising a dark brown eyebrow. Before Basil could interrupt and cause a big scene, Oliver shrugged. "Just a small, push and shove , sir." He said politely. "With a guy who isn't worth mentioning." He winced slightly as his bruise decided to rudely scream and point out how much of a bitch it was being to his collarbone, but disguised it as a stretch, which of course made his arm hurt more. Mr Brunner did not look convinced. He rubbed his faint wrinkles lightly and sighed. "Both of you boys, to my office. Now." He made a complete U-turn, and started rolling towards his office, his wheelchair, in dire need of oil, squeaking along the whole way. Basil wrung his hair in the same way Oliver saw farmers pull out potatoes, and meekly followed, mumbling rapidly. He stared at their retreating backsides for a moment, before shoving his hands into his pockets. Instantly, something uncomfortable was shoved under his nails. He pulled his fingers out. There was a little bit of gray dust stuck to his fingertips. Swiftly, he looked around to see if there were any witnesses. Spotting none, he used his thumb to wipe his fingers clean, before following after the pair. The office was surprisingly plain. It was the same as last week, and last month – last year, in fact. He remembered Mr Brunner promising to add some decorations yesterday, after he declared his office being too boring, but it seemed like he'd forgotten to. Unless if Mr Brunner were installing a DJ stand and a disco ball, Oliver would've waited for years, if that was the case. In which, it is most likely not. "I think he's one of them." Basil finished. Oh great, he missed out on something. Curse his concentration. "I believe so too." Mr Brunner agreed, nodding seriously. Ok, he was a what? "And what am I, exactly?" Oliver asked, crossing his arms. He expected something like 'delinquent' or 'damn, stupid jock' or some other nasty insult like that. Instead, he got an unusual answer. "A demigod, Oliver. We think that you're a demigod." Basil concluded. Strangely enough, he said that with a straight face. Oliver waited. He waited for the laughing, the jokes, saying 'ahaha! Just kidding!' There was only silence. Then his mentally insane brain thought things over. "Oh, is that a new word for rebel or something? Well, you point this out now? Could've done so a couple of years ago." Oliver unfolded his arms and ran his fingers through his hair. "No, Oliver, we're talking about a demigod . You know, the children of mortals and gods? The mythological gods we learnt about in class?" Mr Brunner said, almost impatiently. He rolled out from behind his desk and rode over to Oliver. "You are orphaned, right?" Oliver