The Adventures of Tom Bombadil Brought to you By Mike Thompson Peace had settled on the little town of Bombadilville, weapons lay strewn about the battlefield in a artistic mosaic representation of the souls that had wielded such weapons of destruction. The mist was growing heavy on the shores, and a single figure could be seen in the middle of all the carnage. From a distance it could of been a number of things from a garden gnome, to just a pile of weapons with a hat placed on it. Tom Bombadil sat in the middle of the field contemplating his next move. All out war had broken out between the forces of good and evil. Two paths lied before Tom, he may repay the debt he owed to the elves, or he may join the forces of evil and continue his search for ultimate power. As of now he resided in the small town of Bombadilville, a patch of land that he had taken for his own, and as of now was neutral territory in the war. Once he decided his position in the war this would become a major gathering places of troops for it was a strategic point for either side. Laying smack dab in between the good continent, and the evil continent. Bombadilville lied on a island connected to both continents via two land bridges. War had recently broken out, due mostly to the fact that some dwarves had recently discovered a new mineral deep within Mount Doom, this mineral was special. The name of this substance was adrenium. It was admirably endurant compared to most other things used in weapons, but the kick to the weapon was when held, adrenium leeks onto the users skin, which in turn increases adrenaline manufacturing, and output, thus turning the user into a savage war beast who feels no pain. When seen on the battlefield these savages were feared by all, limbs were hacked off. Chests stabbed, and fire spewing over their bodies, but still they charged on unaware of their afflictions . There was nothing wrong with this at all, except for the fact that the dwarves found it in evil territory and Sauron and his followers believed the Adrenium was theirs because the mineral resided in their territory, however the dwarves had been given the permission to dig there, and believe it is there because they discovered it. As of now the main force of each side was gathered at Mount Doom, and others were making their way here. This island that Tom Bombadil occupied was a meeting point of enemies, for the good had to get to mount doom, and the evil were trying to stop them. Tom Dressed in Blue from head to foot, with a beard that would make Grizzly Adams blush, had a soft hat that rested atop his head, with a small feather poking out one end. His normally jolly expression had been wiped from his face, in its place lay splatter patterns of blood, that echoed the screams of his victims. On his back laid a ukelele, made of wood but was coated in a harsh coat of steel, with jutting edges, and diamond wire. The wire emitted a sound that made fairies dance, and trees would rip their roots out of the ground to follow him, woodland animals, predators and prey a lot would stop the hunt to follow his wonderful melody. He Pulled his Ukelele off his back and strummed a few notes as he began to walk. The mist around him began to swirl and change color, it became a beautiful purple mixed with a sky blue seen but only once a year, and the weapons rose from the ground and began to clang together to form a beat suitable for his tune. The torn bodies on the battlefield rose up in unison, and began to dance to the jingle that even after death lifter their souls in happiness. Tom Bombadil be I be I Along this island I shall lie Deciding the future of this world Waiting for its faith to unfurl Tom Bombadil be my name My songs never remain the same Jolly though I seem to be A demon waits inside of me He thirsts for blood he thirst for violence But through this song I shall silence the voice inside that tears apart My jolly exterior and breaks my heart. He comes out in a tornado of death And steals from everyone their last breath Tom Bombadil Be he Be he But Tom Bombadil not be me I try to shut him out and live me life But out he comes ready to fight A curse though it seems to be I enjoy the demon inside of me I mean no harm I mean no pain but part of me wants to ride this train part of me loves the demon inside I cant fight back, no matter how hard I try Tom Bombadil be I be I I am the demon that lives inside Jolly though I seem to be Ill kill you if you mess with me. As the dancing subsided, and the weapons settled upon their final resting place Tom Bombadil made his way to the eastern bridge, on his way to the evil sanctum. He had made up his mind, he would repay his debt to the elves, and follow his dream of becoming the leader of middle earth. Middle earth in the past years was set up on a new form of government. Before the ring was destroyed the one who held the ring held the power. Now Middle earth needed a new way to choose its leader. The fellowship was set up as the cabinet of the leader, and served as the legislative branch of the world, they created the laws, the leader and his minions/followers enforced them. While one representative from each race was placed on a grand court, in order to decide the punishment of those who chose to break the laws. The leader on the other hand is now chosen by a competition. A arena was established, Hundreds of thousands were entering, famous faces, such as Aragon, Gimli, and Legalos were expected to enter the competition the last person standing would be chosen as the new leader of middle earth. Tom Bombadil planned to go warm up at Mt. Doom. He made his way down the road trying to stay clear of any troops, friendly or not. He was in no mood for conversation, there were a lot of things were on his mind at the time. The annual arena Tournament would be held within a month, and he had been away from the battle for a long time, and although age was of no factor for him, he was well aware that his skills may have dwindled in the time. His Adversaries had been dabbling in politics in the years after the ring was lost, but training on a daily basis had not taken a backseat to their political duties, Aragon, Gimli, and Legalos were just as sharp if not sharper then they were years ago when he first encountered them. If he hoped to succeed in the Arena, then he must get in as much practice as he could get. He turned to the left and saw a elven camp and several groups of archers sharpening there silverthorn arrows. Tom was tempted to have some fun with them, but he suppressed the evil urge. Tom felt as if he was locked in a eternal battle with his inner self, part of him was a savage beast waiting for something to go wrong, feeding on the worries, and inner torments of other. His other side was a kinder gentler side, that only wanted to help others, and tried his best to bring joy into others life. The resulting personality of Mr. Bombadil was inbetween, but sometimes slid too far to one side of the scale, and when it did, those in his way would be caught in a fiery storm of rage and hatred that turned them to dust. Ever since the War of the Ring had come to an end he had vowed to remain to a secluded life in Bombadilville. He told himself that staying away from the violence would keep the demon in him dormant. He was correct for a while, but with the discovery of Adrenium more and more troops and more and more battles were waging just footsteps from his home. With every proceeding day he could feel the urges rising to the surface, thoughts came to mind to rip...tear...rip...tear. Finally he decided the only way to end the war was to put an end to it himself. However he wanted more, he wanted power. He had thought it over long and hard, he felt, no he knew that he was the only one with enough discipline to run this world. It was his destiny to be the leader. Through the night he walked on, feeding on whatever woodland creatures were unlucky enough to cross his path. He walked on for several days without stopping, for Tom sleep was but a luxury. He could perform for weeks without the need of more then a hour of sleep. Finally on the dawn of fifth day he saw the peek of Mt. Doom, stretching over the horizon. An excitement filled him, and his anticipation grew, he felt his blood began to pump, and he broke out into a run. His footsteps thundered against the ground. As he ran a plume of dust rose up behind him as his speed increases. The roar of battle became louder and louder and Tom found himself Standing on the edge of one of the largest battles he had ever seen. Chapter 2- Old Friends Sparks rose into the sky as swords clanged together, the sun was rising slowly into the sky, and reinforcements were hours away. Aragon swung his sword and deflected a nearby urks weapon and drove his blade deep into his enemy. The Urk let out a groan and fell to his knees, clutching his stomach. Aragons breath came in ragged gasps, he had been battling for hours, and had slain hundreds. The enemy forces seemed to flow continuously as if a river. Aragons arms grew heavy and his sword scraped against the ground as he ran forward his sword scraped against the ground creating a dazzling display of sparks. The good forces were dwindling and being forced back by the sheer power of numbers. Doubt began to rise up in Aragons Mind even as he ran into a fresh troop and was hacking fiercely, with every swing a wave of pain was sent through his body, causing him to shake uncontrollably. His hope of pushing the enemy was dwindling even more with every wave of enemy he saw marching down the mountain side. A shield had come crashing down on his head from behind. A darkness began to cloud his vision, he opened his eyes and he was lying on the ground staring at his bloodied sword five feet away. He tried to get to his feet, but apparently someone had replaced what used to be his legs with blocks of lead. The Urks drew closer, and Aragon tried with all his might to raise to his feet, he could feel tiny beads of perspiration forming on his forehead. Aragon raised his head and saw the Urks closing in on him, the last bit of hope was floating away from him, when the Ground shook and dust rode up from the ground in front of him. He tried to focus on the figure, but his head became racked with pain. His eyes swivelled in his sockets, but he tried valiantly to hold on. The figure in front of him let out a ferocious roar and charged into the Urk ranks, pushing them back and clearing the area. Blood splashed on the ground