**I do not own Twilight, unfortunately. Or I would have bridged off with a BUNCH of other aspects and senarios for the story xD I never thought that what we were doing could be considered dangerous. I was in love, and I didn't want what my family was saying to be right. That he's no good for me. That he's a sadistic, low-life, overbearing man who cares for no one but himself. I never believed them. I still don't. My name is Camila Phillips, and I am my mate's only exception. But, I like to call it, 'savior.' He'd be lost without me. No really. My mate? You may know him, if you're, what my friends call, a cold one. Or, in more common terms, vampire. He's in the most powerful vampire coven out there; the Volturi. He's one of the head of the Volturi, considered ruthless, cruel, sadistic, heartless, and terrifying. His name is Caius. We met on the battlefield. I had been hiding from the Volturi coven because of my gifts: invisibility, time manipulation, and mind control. I'm a very rare form of multi-gifted; three gifts. The usual amount for a multi-gifted vampire is two. Which is why I'm so nervous about the Volturi coven figuring out my gifts, and asking me to join their coven. Never, would be my answer. Or so I thought. I guess I should back-track a bit. I was peeking out from behind an oak tree, staring at a deer in the center of a meadow, going hunting one last time before they arrived. It was a beautiful day out, but I knew I couldn't go out in public. I'd love to go out, go shopping, and maybe just lye down and bask in the bright sun at a nearby park. But I couldn't do that. Because I sparkle. Humph. I'm half vampire. I'm very rare; I only know a few hybrids such as my type. And by a few, I mean one. His name is Nahuel; his mother was tricked into doing the naughty naughty with a vampire, and died giving birth to him. Very similar to how I was created, except my mother lived, until I was seven of course. I'm more human than vampire, though I do prefer blood over food, and unfortunately, sparkle in the sunlight. I was born in the year 1914. I was born and raised in Baltimore, Maryland, where my mother was also born and raised. I didn't get to know my father; my mother described him as manipulative and abusive. I don't blame her for thinking so. She said that it was a very painful pregnancy; I would imagine as so. I mean, a vampire baby, inside of a bloody, human body? Yeesh. My mother barely survived. She was at a hospital when she had me, so she was saved. The surgeons still don't know why there was so much blood loss and pain. They won't ever know, I guess I should say. It's a hundred years later; unless they somehow turned immortal, they're six feet under. When I was eighteen, a man named Carlisle found me while I was out hunting humans; I call that time the Dark Ages. After all, in the amount of time that I was alive back then, I had become a murderer for blood. Carlisle and I met in New York. I was in an alleyway. I thought he was a mortal, until I realized that I didn't hear a heartbeat. I had to explain to him what I was; a half human hybrid. Multi-gifted, unique. He took me in. I was the first in the Cullen coven. He taught me the 'vegetarian' ways, and in return, I told him about how I came to be. He was very interested on the matter, considering he was a doctor and had never met someone of my species. He told me all of the laws that the Volturi coven had placed for the vampire world, and the consequences if we do not follow them. I understood the laws, but for a few instances, I thought that the penalty of death was a bit much. Like, hunting in an area where a resident coven already existed. I think a stern warning and some pain from Jane would be enough of a consequence. But as I told this to Carlisle, he told me of how ruthless the head coven was, how they bring only those of amazing gifts and strength. He told me all of the coven members that he knew, along with their gifts. There were Alec and Jane, nicknamed the Witch Twins. Alec had the gift of sensory deprivation, and Jane the illusion of pain. There was Demetri, who was an excellent tracker, and Felix, who was freakishly strong, even for a vampire. Then, there were the wives; Didyme, who had the gift of happiness before she died, and Sulpicia. The wives of Marcus and Aro. Aro had the gift to read all of one's thoughts with just a touch of the hand, and Marcus had the gift to sense alliances and bonds between people. There was also Cauis, who didn't have a power, but was trained expertly in the field of fighting, having grown up in Sparta, Greece. He used to have a wife, before he killed her, Athenodora. No one knows why he did it; Carlisle claims that he may have gotten bored of her needy ways; he was the sadistic king after all. Then, there was Corin, who gave the illusion of contentment, Heidi, who could seduce anyone, Renata, who was a shield, and finally, Chelsea, who could bind your loyalty to anyone. He said there are a total of thirty-two members, but he only knew those who he was introduced to in his short time in the coven. He expressed his worry of me being recruited into the coven, but I dismissed it. Along the years, we recruited more people into our coven. First was Edward, who could read thoughts, Esme, the mate of Carlisle, Alice, who could see the future, Rosalie, Emmett, who was Rosalie's mate along with having the gift of excelled strength and speed. Then came Jasper, who had a difficult past. He had the gift of emotional manipulation, and was the mate of Alice. Lastly came Bella, who was first just a human acquaintance, but eventually turned out pregnant, the mate of Edward, and after she had the baby, a newborn vampire. She had the gift of being a shield. You can see why I enjoy hunting alone. Everyone in my coven has found their mate, except for me. I was older than six out of eight of them, and in their short period of time as an immortal, they had found their other half. Even Renesmee, Bella and Edward's hybrid daughter, who is less than two years old, has found her mate. A shape-shifter by the name of Jacob. I guess the Volturi didn't know I existed, or that I was a hybrid as well, but when a member of the Denali coven, Irina, saw Renesmee, she reported her to the head coven, assuming that she was an immortal child. I am proof that she's not - I may not be a child anymore, but I am still the same type of hybrid as she. But, to prove that she was not an immortal child, we recruited nomads, covens, and vampires that we knew as witnesses. The Denali coven, two women from the Amazons, the Romanians Stefan and Vladimir, the Egyptian coven, both shape-shifter packs that we knew, and a few other nomads. A specific vampire, Benjamin, from the Egyptian coven, caught my interest. He had control over the elements, and had a lovely mate. We instantly formed a platonic relationship. We talked much about the upcoming meeting with the Volturi, and discussed what we thought would happen if it were to come to a battle. We didn't know who would have the upper hand; we have strong people with gifts, and shape-shifters, but the Volturi recruit those with very useful, powerful, and dangerous gifts. He talked to me about his life in Egypt, and in return, I told him what it was like to drink animal blood as opposed to human. I told him the truth, that it was thinner, didn't taste as great, but fulfilling. We talked around a bonfire, everyone who had come to witness. In a surprising turn of events, we all found out that Kate from the Denali coven's mate, was Garrett, a boastful nomad. It was a very interesting interaction to witness between the two. Alice warned us about how she saw that the head coven would come when the snow sticks to the ground. She told me that she wanted me to be her personal witness, calling me her V.I.W., Very Important Witness. She said that I was the most important witness there, as I was of the same species as Renesmee, and could explain my eating habits, how I actually grew, (though not very much; I'm only 5'0"), and how I am less, if not equal to, vampires in strength. Hybrids of my kind can develop gifts, and can also obtain the same amounts of strength and speed as full-fledged vampires. And then, the snow started to stick to the ground. We headed over to to the field where they were arriving, courtesy of Alice, the fortune-teller. Soon, we heard the faint sound of dozens of pairs of feet running towards us, and I smelt a crowd of vampires, along with an aroma that I couldn't quite explain. Next to me, Garrett muttered softly. "The red coats are coming; the red coats are coming," he sang. I laughed. At least we had a bit of humor in this stressful situation; I needed it. Soon, the Volturi were fanning out in front of us, keeping a safe distance away. Few looked slightly frightened when we beckoned the shape-shifter packs to us, whom were in their wolf forms. I scanned the crowd of vampires, spotting everyone that Carlisle named. Sulpicia was all the way in the back, surrounded by a few guards, most likely for her protection. I'm surprised she got to come witness this; Carlisle said that the wives only come out of their tower once every century or so; that would suck. I'm a free spirit, I can barely be cooped up in a room for more than an hour, I can't imagine what it would be like to be kept in a tiny tower for dozens of years. That's ungodly, seriously. Suddenly, my eyes landed on Caius. He was scowling, standing next to Aro, while scanning my group as I was doing his. Then, with a jolt, I realized that he was the source of the aroma. Next, I realized that I felt a pull towards him. And finally, my eyes widened and my jaw dropped as I realized what this meant. Caius Volturi is my mate. Next to me, Edward snapped his head towards me, topaz colored eyes blazing. Great. My mate was the enemy, and I formally meet him on the battlefield. All of that complaining about not finding my mate, and he's been the sadistic, blonde vampire king all this time. That's really just my luck. Then, Carlisle steps forward, and I feel calmness wash over me. I smile at Jasper; he really has a helpful gift in times of stress. "Aro, my friend," he greets, "It has been centuries." Aro smiles a creepy smile, that reminds me of those who are deranged in horror movies. "Fair words, Carlisle, seeing as you have summoned an army to harm me and my loved ones," he says, still smiling. Doesn't that hurt after a while? "No, witnesses. We do not wish to harm anyone. They are witnesses, just as you have brought with you today," Carlisle retorts. "Get to the point," Caius hisses, his British accent appearing in his voice. Swoon. "I