Warning: Cheating. Poison Ivy "God, Jessica. You look amazing in that outfit." Jessica was dressed in a skin tight green lycra. A massive wig of long, fire red hair that fell down her back and wrapped into two cones jutting like horns from her head hid her usual brunette locks. Thigh high leather boots, and a leather belt and matching mask of ivy leaves completed the outfit. The costume suited her, visually and personality wise. She was an unpredictable villain who might poison you with her kisses and still make you enjoy every one of your last breaths. Edward was similarly showing off his assets in a tight Batman suit. Halloween was made for Spandex, after all. He made for a sexy superhero and Bella mused that the character wasn't such a stretch for him, either. Though he was more of the dark, tormented Bruce Wayne from the Arkham Asylum graphic novels than the perky Batman and Robin type featured in films and cartoons. Bella pondered the fact that the two had chosen arch nemeses yet lovers as their model couple. The way they fought and made up constantly made it the perfect choice. Of course, she and Mike had also strayed from the happily ever after. Bella had dressed as Marie Antoinette and Mike as Louis XVI. How funny that theirs was a fairytale destroyed by revolution and tragedy. He was her prince turned king, but he was known in history as the husband of a spendthrift and heartless traitor who deserved the harsh bite of the guillotine. Bella had always thought she and Mike had a fairytale love, but apparently her subconscious had other things to say. Bella had had one drink and was regretting her costume choice already. The heavy dress and hoop skirts had seemed fun in the costume shop, but now they left her exhausted. Her head ached from the weight of the wig, the corset made it hard to breathe, and the mask itched on her face. She envied Jessica's lightweight, flexible, and sexy costume. But of course Jessica would pick the unrestricted path, while Bella would weigh herself down with unnecessary trappings. She sighed. "Sometimes I wish I could be you," Bella confessed to her best friend as they scanned the crowd. "Just for one night, I'd like to leave good girl Bella Swan behind and live the fast life of Jessica Stanley." Jessica turned and studied her for a minute. "Well, darling, tonight's the night. We could do it." Jessica had a wicked twinkle in her eyes and it made Bella's heart leap. "What do you mean?" she asked, already deciding to follow whatever crazy plan Jessica suggested. "I mean— " Jessica said, leaning over and giggling. "We're already in disguise...so we switch costumes and no one even knows. You can be me and I'll be you." Bella's eyes were wide and her face was flushed with the audacity of the plan. They had been at the party for hours, and everyone knew their costumes, especially since they matched their dates and Edward and Mike weren't bothering to hide their identities. The alcohol had been flowing freely and no one would look closely enough to notice that the brown eyes behind one mask had been exchanged for another set. "Let's do it!" Bella grabbed Jessica by the hand, determined to make the switch before the rush of adrenaline left and she chickened out. *.*.*.*.* Edward watched in disbelief as Poison Ivy stalked towards him. He blinked once, twice. He had been drinking steadily for the past several hours, but he knew this wasn't just some drunken vision. Somehow Bella and Jessica had switched costumes. He wondered briefly whose idea it had been and then decided he didn't care. He let out a growl of desire deep in his throat and pushed off from the wall he had been lounging against. No way in hell was he letting this opportunity slip by. He paced like a predator until she was within his reach. "Hello there, sexy," he said as he grabbed her around the waist, smoothing his hands over the curves usually covered by loose fitting shirts. Usually far out of his reach and touched only by his best friend. "I know you're my arch nemesis," he growled in her ear, "But the itch you give me really needs to be scratched." He fitted his mouth over hers before she could protest and pushed her back against the wall. To his surprise, she met him in the kiss with blistering passion, biting at his mouth as if she wanted to devour him. He pinned her hands to the wall over her head and ground his erection into her. He expected her to stop him at any minute, but instead she wrapped a leg around him, pulling him in tighter to her. He moaned at the frenzied lust between them. He had known it would be hot but he had never expected this. Edward's head felt like it would explode, both heads wanted to explode, and he wanted nothing more than to have her naked and writhing under him when it happened. She seemed to want the same thing. It was too insane to really comprehend, but he had never been one to over think his actions. "Bedroom, now," he mumbled into her hair, hoisting her up around his waist and stumbling for the hallway. The gods appeared to be with him in so many ways this evening. The first door he tried was unlocked and the room was empty. He locked the door behind them and aimed for the bed, his hands refusing to part from her even as he lowered her to the mattress. He hovered over her, trapping her under him so that she couldn't possibly change her mind. He wanted to touch every inch of her, fuse with her, tattoo his fingerprints across her skin. Brand her into his soul so that he would never forget this feeling. "Oh, my god..." He groaned as he sucked at her neck. "My god, I need you, I need to be inside you." He rubbed himself against her and the friction was both heaven and torture. He couldn't believe this was really happening. He never wanted it to stop. She pushed away from him for a minute, looking into his eyes. Gulping and panting at the same time. He wanted to drown in those eyes, sink himself in so far that they could never be divided again. He knew what she was about to say, knew she was going to try to stop this by confessing her guilt. He put a finger to her lips to keep her quiet. "I know it's you, Bella," he whispered hoarsely, his desire making his throat raw. "I knew from the first minute I saw you walking towards me. I know how you move, I know how you smell, and now I know how you taste. Trust me when I say it is burned into my memory forever." He swallowed, put his forehead to hers. "Let me pretend I have a right to do this tonight? Please?" Bella's eyes were full of fear and longing and she nodded her head. Edward was weak with relief. She was going to let him... let him... he wasn't sure how far she would let him go, but he was planning on finding out. He had a feeling they were already treading in new territory for her, he was taking her places Mike had never dared. His heart beat irregularly at the thought and he wondered for a second how they would be able to face the fallout of this evening. How could he possibly let her go and step back into the roles they normally played? Then he pushed the thought away and reclaimed Bella's lips. He would gladly walk through hell as long as he had the memories of this night to sustain him. He wanted to take the mask off of her, claim her as rightfully his. But the only reason he had been allowed this fantasy was the illusion that she was his girlfriend so he left the mask intact. Instead, he pulled the glove off of her left hand. He sucked each digit into his mouth, rolled his tongue between the fingers. Tonight, these hands would be allowed to touch him. He kissed the palm and Bella stroked his face. He was allowed to be himself, and so he let her remove his bat helmet, let her see beneath the mask. Not just Batman, but also the Edward Masen façade, the careless and cynical rich boy. He let her see how much he wanted her, how much he loved her. Yes, deep down, Edward Masen loved Bella Swan. Tonight, he would allow himself to love, even if on all other days he kept that feeling locked up tight in the black box that passed for his heart. And tonight he would make her entirely his, even if it was a mirage that would soon fade away. He removed her other glove, lavishing similar attention on that hand, gratified by the chorus of sounds coming from Bella's throat. He tugged the long boots off, tickling the soles of her feet and delighting in her giggle. His hands stroked up the tight green plains of her body, rolling hills and meadows, lush and fertile as a goddess. He tickled at the leaves encircling her waist, massaged the insides of her thighs. He planned to explore every inch of the landscape in detail with hands and lips. Bella mewled and gripped his head as his hot mouth breathed fire over her trapped nipple, pebbling it against the lycra. Edward moaned in harmony, his hands moving over her, trying to memorize the feel of this forbidden territory. He would gladly be an exile to all he knew, if only he could set up a new residence here. Bella pulled his head up to hers, taking his mouth in a hot dirty kiss that surprised and enflamed him. They were clearly going to hell, but what a way to go. Edward fisted his hands in her hair, that silly wig getting in his way. He was trying to climb inside her with his tongue and lick and taste the ultimate sweetness that was Bella Swan. He kissed his way across to her neck, wanting to leave possessive marks but afraid to take the charade too far. He had already given up his soul as lost, but Bella, she was worth more, and she might not be willing to let the devil have it all. He found a spot on her neck that made her squirm and pant and he worked it with his tongue, suckling gently so that he would not bruise the tender flesh. "Bella...oh, god, Bella..." he breathed in her ear, the friction between them making him feverish with desire. His cock bucked and strained against the spandex tights like a wild animal, desperate to get closer to her, to get inside her wet heat. He gently unpinned the wig. He wanted as much of the real Bella as he could have, even if it was only the fine strands of her hair. He breathed in the sweet vanilla smell of her perfume before moving back to her luscious mouth. She matched him move for move, biting at his lips, gripping at his ass, rolling and pitching underneath him until he almost came in his pants. And then suddenly it stopped. Bella pushed him off and stood, and for a minute he thought it was all over. She had come to her senses, and all hell would break loose. She would run away or worse. But that was not at all the look he read in her eyes. He didn't dare even hope that he saw what he thought he saw lurking in those piercing eyes. "Edward, please..." Bella pleaded in a husky voice, and he wasn't sure what