Something naughty for the holidays. Bang Bang Edward breathed a sigh of relief as his car coasted to a stop in his spot in the garage, and he killed the engine, savoring the soft purr it made as he did so. He was home, finally. He gathered his suit jacket and his briefcase and headed for the entrance. The back door shut lightly behind him and he leaned against it as he toed off his shoes. He pushed the worn, brown leather footwear to the side of the mat, knowing Bella would be annoyed that he hadn't picked them up and put them away. He was too tired to care. All he had been able to think about during the long drive home was cuddling up with Bella in their bed. He had busted his ass over the past week in an attempt to finish the project early so he could come home and surprise his lonely wife. The late night calls and her sad, soft whispered goodbyes had him wishing he'd picked a project closer to home. Edward padded through the dark kitchen to the front of the house, forgoing the lights as he blindly headed toward the stairs. His stomach growled, but cooking something, then eating it felt like far too much trouble for his weary body to handle. Absently, he rubbed the back of his neck, rolling his head to the side as he went. As he headed for the stairs, he passed the den, missing the low light oozing from underneath the door. What startled him into consciousness was the guttural moan of a man very much in the throes of passion. Every muscle in his body went rigid as fury bubbled through him. He turned, following the sound to the door, all thoughts of snuggling up with his wife were replaced with a blood-pounding, homicidal wrath. How could she? She'd only brought cheating up once in the entire ten years of their relationship. She'd told him if he ever cheated on her, she would leave him and not look back. Ever. He'd never broken his vow to her, and to his knowledge, neither had she. He couldn't believe his ears. His heart plummeted to the floor, through the earth, into hell. His hand gripped the doorknob, which he opened noiselessly, totally unprepared for the scene that met his eyes. Bella's head was thrown back, rosy lips parted in a pant as she shuddered in pleasure. Every muscle of her neck was taut as she let out a kittenish groan of delight, her hand clenched around a vibrant pink dildo. The male groan that Edward had heard through the door now echoed through the room again, and he jerked his attention to the television where the man on screen was quite vigorously fucking his female partner. Bella's slumberous gaze was riveted on the television as she slowly pushed the vibrator inside her own pussy. Edward was a man of quick-changing emotions and moods, but he'd never before gone from homicidal to horny at quite so rapid a pace. He clenched the doorframe as he watched the debauched scene, completely enthused by the revelation that his wife liked to watch porn — even without him there to encourage it. Momentarily turning his attention back to the TV, his brow furrowed. He didn't recognize the particular scene playing out on film. He watched, entranced, helpless, overcome with arousal as Bella sped her motions, swallowing lusty moans as she pleasured herself. On the screen, the man who had been energetically pumping his hips into his redheaded partner suddenly stopped, flipped her over, and very slowly began penetrating her ass. Edward gulped hard when he realized this wasn't one of his dirty movies. In the first years of their marriage, she'd repeatedly badgered him about his addiction to pornography. She refused to watch it with him. She asked him to stop. She coaxed. She pleaded. She pouted. And, to be fair, he had tried to give it up. But then he found a series of films that were unlike any he'd ever seen. The men were young, but not necessarily well-endowed. The women weren't the most beautiful either, but the flicks were more real, more honest, than any pornography he'd watched. Yeah, the couples still tried to maneuver themselves into the ridiculous positions that worked best for the camera angles, but their fucking was more real, less practiced. The actors actually seemed to like one another. Bella had protested vigorously, at first — and then she actually watched. That night had been one of the best lovemaking sessions of their lives. They left the TV on as he covered her body, holding her wrists above her head as he mercilessly plunged into her again and again. She writhed in his arms, loving the feeling of being possessed by him, cuming over and over under his sure, able hand. But, even knowing all that, he never dreamed she would have taken to watching the videos on her own. Porn had always been something they shared for special occasions. A small moan hurtled Edward back into the present moment. He covertly observed Bella's eyes widen with desire as she carefully watched the actions of the couple on screen. He nearly fainted when she slowly slid the toy from her clutching pussy and curled her body forward until the pink silicone toy was pressed against her anus. His mouth dropped open in shock as Bella squirmed, shivering when the dildo slipped inside her. Her jaw clenched as she, between gritted teeth, growled his name. He was torn. He longed to interrupt, to sink to his knees, roll her onto her hands and knees and make her fantasy real. But at the same time, he knew privacy was crucial to Bella, and he wasn't sure whether she would easily forgive such a transgression. Her eyes fluttered shut, her concentration no longer on the dirty movie. Her wrist moved in a slow, gentle rhythm as she succumbed to her private fantasies. She was writhing against the leather of the sofa, pinching her nipples with her free hand. As her movements became more intense, she threw her head back, and whimpering his name in near-desperation. That was it. Edward's tenuous hold on his self-control snapped and he moved forward, lured by the irresistibly erotic picture of his wife calling his name while she masturbated. "Bella." He barely recognized the hoarse, guttural voice as his own, but his wife sure as fuck did. She jumped, shrieking his name in surprise. Her eyes popped open, and she dropped the vibrator. Embarrassed, her ivory skin flushed bright pink as she pulled a pillow over her nakedness and moved to hide the fuchsia toy. "Edward—I—what are you doing? You're home? You're supposed to be gone another week. How…" she stammered, staring at him in flustered dismay, which slowly became anger, "What the hell are you doing, walking in on me like that? How long were you standing there watching me? How long?" He stood stock still. If only his rampant erection wasn't displayed so prominently at Bella's eye level. Glancing down, he wished he had a pillow to use as camouflage, too. "I came home early and thought I ought to investigate the male voice groaning in my man cave," he explained impatiently, gesturing toward the television as the pair reached an orgasmic crescendo. Bella hit the power button on the remote, and the room was enveloped in quiet darkness, the only noise was the heavy sound of her panting. He blinked, eyes adjusting to the dark. "So you thought I was cheating on you?" Her husky voice was caught somewhere between incredulity and deep hurt. He could hear her bustling around in the dark, and he stepped forward to touch her. Reaching for the dim outline of her form, he grabbed her wrist and pulled her closer. "Hell, Bella. Someone could have been hurting you... I thought it was worth investigating, and I was right." He paused, rubbing his thumb up the inside of her arm, "I didn't know you liked…that." She didn't say anything. He interpreted it as a good sign. Usually her silence meant she was mulling things over. He decided to blunder on. He slid his hand up to her shoulder, caressing the satiny skin as he reached to cup her face. Edward wished to God he could see her expression, but he didn't want to move away to turn on a light. He was afraid if he lost proximity, they'd fall into a fight, and a fight was the last thing he had on his mind. His voice was raspy and low as he pulled her closer, the pillow she'd clutched to her chest still a barrier between them, "Watching you was the sexiest thing I've ever seen. Ever." And with that, he dipped his head and covered her mouth with his own. When she did not respond, he pulled away. Shy, she turned her face away from his. Edward crooked a finger underneath her chin, lightly tickling. "I came home early to surprise you—fully intending to cuddle up with you and sleep until Christmas. Instead, I found my wildest fantasy spread out in front of me." He felt her lower the pillow. She pressed against him, uttering a strangled sigh. "You don't think it's weird?" "God, no," he panted as he kissed a sensual trail from her clavicle to the smooth skin of her neck. "Why on Earth would you think that?" "We've never talked about...that before..." she trailed off, still hesitant. "I didn't want to turn you off, baby. I had no idea you thought about it," Edward murmured, cupping her bare bottom as he sank down onto the couch, pulling her with him. She straddled his lap carefully. "Do you?" she asked, tentatively, staring determinedly at his chest rather than his face. Through his shirt, she brushed delicate patterns over his sensitive nipples. "Think about it?" she elaborated grudgingly. "Every time we fuck," he whispered, and, pulling her to him, nipped at her earlobe, before sucking the tender flesh. Bella shuddered in pleasure, from his words or his actions, Edward couldn't discern. "You're not just saying that?" Bella gasped, arching her back as Edward began a slow, torturous exploration of her naked breasts. "Oh my God, Bella," Edward groaned when she writhed against his painfully hard erection. "I've thought about fucking your ass so many times I've nearly gone blind." His hands wandered over her skin, stroking the delicate line of her clavicle. Pulling her forward, he pressed kisses to the hollow of her throat and down her breastbone. "Mmmm, baby, I missed you so much," he murmured against her skin as he kissed circles around her nipple, gently taking it between his teeth. He moved to the other breast, softly tracing the swell as he laved the pink tip. "Edward, touch me," Bella whimpered as she tossed the decorative pillow over her shoulder and reached for the hem of his shirt, yanking it over his head. His hands dug into the soft flesh of her waist, tongue fluttering over her belly as he inched down on the couch. Without warning, he flipped her body over, plopping her on her ass on the middle of the couch. She opened her mouth to complain, before noticing that he was rising precariously to his feet, impatiently reaching for his belt buckle. She squirmed on the couch, running a hand down her chest to her stomach before she slid her fingers into the wet folds between her thighs, writhing as she touched her clit. Edward panted harshly at the sight, pushing his jeans down as he fell to his knees in front of her. Reaching for her thighs, he cupped them in his palms, leaning forward to capture her mouth in a wickedly hot kiss. "You look good enough to eat," he teased, biting playfully at her earlobe. "So why don't you?" Bella ribbed back,