Once upon a time, in an elven kingdom called Eryn Lasgalen, there lived a king and a queen. The king and queen had a son, Legolas, but their greatest wish in Arda was to be blessed with a daughter. And so they prayed to the Valar and to Eru, the creator, hoping to have their wish fulfilled. Many years later it seemed their prayers had been heard, the queen was with child. And indeed she gave birth to a healthy little girl. King Thranduil was so indescribably happy, he arranged a big feast to welcome her to this world. He invited his best friend Elrond, the lord of Imladris and his wife and children, hoping to arrange the marriage between his daughter and Elronds oldest son, Elladan, so their families would be bound with more than friendship. He called far and wide for all kind of folk to celebrate, he even forgot his hatred against the dwarves of Erebor and his animosity against the human race. He bade Galadriel, a powerful elven witch, Gandalf the grey and Radagast the brown to bless his child. One wizard however was forgotten. Saruman, the most powerful and evil sorcerer in Arda waited for days on end, without ever receiving an invitation. "Behold Brégadaneth Thranduiliel!" The heralds call echoed all through the country. The royal couple stood tall and proud on a stage in the forest, their little daughter in her mother´s arms. Elrond and his wife Celebrian stood next to them, flanked by their twin sons, Elladan and Elrohir. The slightly older of the two kept glancing at Brégadaneth, trying to imagine marrying her, but failing, since he himself was barely two centuries old and couldn´t quite comprehend the fact that she would look quite different in a hundred years. The first to step up to the stage to bless the princess was Galadriel. Smiling gently she cradled the child in her arms and kissed it´s forehead. "I thereby bless you, Brégadaneth Thranduiliel. May you be as beautiful and graceful as Luthien Tinuviel." The next was Gandalf, he carefully held her smiling tenderly. "May you carry the wisdom of the Istari in your heart." But just as Radagast the brown reached out to take the child, the festivities were interrupted by a loud explosion. Smoke billowed everywhere and as it cleared Saruman stood there menacingly. Legolas grabbed his bow, ready to defend his sister, but the wizard raised his staff and an invisible force prevented the prince from moving. "I assume my invitation merely got lost, on its way to Isengard. Therefor I shall not be offended and even gift you with a blessing for the little princess." "Do not dare touch her!" Legolas shouted angrily before the same invisible force tightened around his jaw. Swayed by the magical power of Saruman´s voice, many elves, men and dwarves looked convinced that he would do no harm but not so the prince, who struggled to speak. "You shall indeed be even more beautiful than Luthien and your voice shall put a spell on whoever listens to it. However you shall never reach your majority. Before your one-hundredth begetting day, you shall prick your finger on an arrow and die!" With mad laughter the wizard disappeared. The king and queen were devastated, their son falling to his knees in defeat. Everyone was frozen in shock until Galadriel started to speak. She was smiling. "You forget that Radagast the brown still has his blessing to give." She stated calmly. Thranduil turned towards him. "Can you reverse the curse that lies upon her?" "I fear my powers are nowhere near strong enough to counteract those of Saruman. However I might be able to change it." He clumsily rolled up the sleeves of his furry robe. "When the time comes and you prick your finger on the arrow, you shall not die but fall into a deep sleep, only to be awoken by your true love´s kiss." That however did not do much to calm the king´s worries. He feared that if she stayed in the castle, where almost every ellon was armed, the curse would harm her too terribly. So Radagast took her with him to Rosgobel, his home. There he would raise her for a hundred years, until she would return to the castle on her one-hundredth begetting day, to marry lord Elladan. "Uncle Radagast!" Nearly a century had passed and Brégadaneth had grown more beautiful than anyone could imagine. Her long brunette hair was straight and soft, her eyes were of a blue that constantly seemed to change, like the sea. She didn´t know she was a princess, didn´t know she was engaged to the most desired ellon in Arda. She didn´t even know her name, as Radagast called her Mira, a human name, to protect her from Saruman´s spies. "Yes, my dear?" "I have noticed that your Athelas supply is dwindling, so I shall go out into the forest to collect some." "Please do, Mira, please do. But do not go far and come back soon!" So she went out into the forest, a basket in her hand, to collect herbs. Uncle Radagast never allowed her to go far and she had never even been outside Mirkwood. She longed to see the stars she had read so much about, the big rivers, the waterfalls! But whenever she asked, Uncle Radagast only said later. Later, not now, it is still too soon. She sighed as she sat down in a meadow. When would he see that she was no little child anymore? She would be a hundred in less than a week! But fretting never helped before, so she decided to sing instead. Elladan was in the forest, hunting. His father had only begrudgingly agreed to it, under the condition that he would be back in time for the celebration. He still couldn´t believe it. He was getting married to an elleth he had only seen once and then she had been only a baby! He didn´t feel ready at all to settle down, he was a warrior, a hunter! He didn´t want to get married! Especially not to some spoiled little princess he didn´t even know. Of course he knew about her curse and he pitied her, but that only meant that she was taught to be afraid of weapons. She wouldn´t be happy with a warrior husband. What in Arda was his father thinking? He tied his stallion to a tree and took out his bow. Crouching low he followed the trail of the deer he had been hunting for the last few hours. There it was! Standing in the middle of a small clearing, his head turned away from his hunter. Perfect! Not daring to breathe Elladan drew back the string of his bow. Suddenly the deer whipped it´s head around and the ellon froze. Never before had he heard something this beautiful. It was a voice, an elleth´s voice. She was singing. He stood mesmerized. Not really thinking about what he was doing, he ran back to his horse, secured his bow and arrows on the saddle, and only armed with his sword, he followed the voice. After a while he came to a meadow where the elleth was dancing. She was so beautiful. He was unable to take another step, so he stood, unaware of anything but her, in the shadows of the trees. Mira danced. She loved dancing, it always took her mind of anything, even her overprotective uncle, and made her feel free. Free like the wind, like the birds soaring high up in the sky. Free like the water, flowing steadily towards the sea. Then she gasped in surprise and stopped singing. Between the trees stood a man. No, an elf. He was wearing a sword and a dagger in his belt and looked like a hunter. But it wasn´t fear that made her still her movements. He was beautiful. Long, straight black hair, high cheekbones and shimmering silver eyes. Those eyes held her gaze unblinkingly for a while, then he stepped forward. The sound of his deep and strong voice almost made her heart stop. "I apologize my lady. I did not mean to startle you, I merely heard you sing while I was hunting and I could not help but follow your voice and see who was singing so beautifully." He bowed deeply, praying to all there was that he had not scared her. "No offence taken, my lord. It is I who should apologize for interrupting the quiet, surely I disturbed your hunt." She curtsied, not really sure how to act around him. She had met only very few people and never an ellon as handsome as he was. "Not at all, my lady. I have never seen anyone as beautiful as you." Mira blushed deeply at the compliment. "Thank you, my lord. I have to go home now, my uncle will surely worry. Good luck for your hunt." She grabbed her basket with the herbs and ran home as quickly as she could, leaving Elladan behind. "Good bye, fair lady." He mumbled sadly, knowing he most likely wouldn´t meet her again. As a lord he would never be allowed to marry a peasant girl like her, even if he hadn´t already been engaged. "What? You didn´t shoot anything? Are you sick?" "Shut up, Elrohir! And elves don´t get sick." "Well, yeah, but you´re a Peredhel." "I said shut up!" Elrohir had pestered his brother the minute he came back from his hunt, where, after meeting the elleth, he had forgotten to continue his deer-hunt. "Elladan!" "Mae govannen, adar." He greeted his father. "What is the matter, son? You seem depressed." "I met an elleth in the forest ada. She is more beautiful than anyone I have ever met. I am aware that I should not give my heart to a peasant, but I cannot help it. Ada-" "Elladan. You have been engaged to princess Brégadaneth for a hundred years. You will marry her and be happy with it. End of discussion!" Elladan sadly lowered his head and watched his father rush away. "…" "Shut up Elrohir!" "I didn´t say anything!" "I cannot believe ada just expects me to sit quiet and marry someone I do not love! I´ve had enough, I´m going!" "Where to?" "To find her, of course!" "Good. I was worried you lost all backbone. I´m with you, gwador, I´ll pretend to be you if ada insists on the wedding, don´t worry!" Elladan thought that this was very much a cause to worry but he didn´t say anything. Instead he mounted his steed and raced away from the castle and into the forest. Mira in the meanwhile danced into the hut she and Radagast lived in. "Uncle Radagast! You won´t believe this! I met an ellon in the forest! He said I was beautiful!" Radagast was shocked. He should never have let her go out alone! Of course she would meet a hunter or ranger! Now it had happened. She was in love and he would have to break her heart. He could only hope that she would never meet him again. Grima Wormtongue, Saruman´s faithful servant, had wandered for years and years, looking for the princess. His master was set on finding and killing her, so he could have his revenge on king Thranduil. Tired he crept through the forest as he noticed a beautiful girl, rushing past him. She had not seen him, thanks to his dark clothes and he decided to follow her. "Ha! Finally a bit of luck!" He mumbled to himself as he heard her calling for Radagast. Smirking he ducked under the open window to listen in on the conversation. "An ellon?" "Yes, master. I have no doubt that he will come back to search for her." "Then it matters not, I will not kill her. It will worsen her father´s punishment to watch her sleep forever. Go back in the forest, Grima, and bring