A/N: Dear reader: how do you feel about overly dramatic, bittersweet love stories? Apparently, I like to write them, like to lay awake at night and conjure up heartbreak that isn't my own. If you do, too, this is definitely your kind of story. It's nothing original, just a story of the reaping at the beginning of the Hunger Games turning out differently, that others have made an attempt at before me. If my story resembles others that you've read, it's probably not a coincidence... But the idea has been stuck in my mind for a long while, and well, I though I might as well write my own take of it. Here, I may have made both Katniss and Gale a little less tough then they originally are in the book, so if they seem out of character, I'm well aware. Thank you for giving this story a try, and please let me know your thoughts! The morning of the 74th annual Hunger Games dawns overcast but dry, coal dust filling the air to stifling levels in the thick humidity. As the day wears on, the tension already filling the air with fear intensifies with the unrelenting pressure of rain refusing to fall. By midday, every citizen within the confines of District 12 could feel the creeping, heavy sensation of dread deep in their hearts, and Katniss Everdeen more so than most. She knows she has nowhere to hide -not from the clammy, dirty air making her worn but pretty blue dress stick to her skin, and certainly not from the Capitols vengeful eye, which she feels is just waiting to descend on her, whisk her away from everything she holds dear. Or perhaps not on her, but then on either of the other children whose lives are connected with hers. As she sees it, this day can go only two ways: disaster, or respite for a whole other year. There is nothing in between. The probability of the former is too big for her liking, if either she gets selected herself, with her twenty ill-fated slips scattered around that hateful bowl, or if the name called from the boys happens to be Gale Hawthorne. With his obscene amount of no less than forty-two name slips, he's in much more danger than she is to be chosen to give his life to the rulers of Panem. And also, he's her best friend. Katniss allows herself a quick scan over to the oldest boys' section, and finds Gale easily among them. Not only is he one of the tallest boys in the district, at eighteen more a man than a boy, but he's also among the few young men standing straight, with his head held high in defiance. She has to smile a little at this, stand a little straighter herself as she draws strength from his courage. Katniss and Gale, a team of hunters, she reminds herself proudly. Nothing can break them, not even a lifetime of unfair conditions and the odds against their favour. After this day, when danger has passed, he will have eluded the wrath that is called the Hunger Games securely, forever. Katniss still has two more reaping to go before reaching relative freedom, but surely, they'll both be fine. He had assured her as much only a couple of hours ago, as they parted ways after spending the morning hunting in the woods. If only it weren't for her sister, Katniss would be almost calm, but as it is, Primrose is only twelve. The next six years will be a time of constant, bone-deep fear, since the worst thing in the world would be if they stole away Prim to a place where Katniss could no longer protect her, and then carelessly endangered her life. She can feel her heart thunder against her ribs at the very thought. Gale senses her looking at him, and catches her eyes, grey on grey across the crowd. The ill fated in this district all wear the same tell-tale signs, branding them for what they are with darkish skin, black hair and eyes the colour of stone. He flashes her a warm, reassuring grin, just like she unwillingly needs him to. One slip, only one slip , his eyes seem to be telling her. She smiles bravely back at him, flicks her head in the direction of the stage ahead as if to say: look at that woman, how can such silly people stand any chance against us? The Capitolite in question is the woman whose job it is to organise the Games in their district- the lowliest of them all. She must be tackling the despair at representing such a hopeless place by decorating herself with bright colours, but thus she only succeeds in standing out even more in the dull glumness here, where coal turns everything grey. Gale winks back at her, and Katniss instantly feels better. She turns her head to find Prim in the crowd of children, wanting to share her new courage with her little sister. She knows Prim is terrified, even more so than herself. That's when the microphone sparkles to life with a loud ringing noise of speaker feed that makes the audience flinch collectively. The woman of stage pulls her stark pink lips into a ridiculously bright smile, and welcomes them all, as if this place were hers to start with. Katniss silently wishes her all the way to hell, before finally spotting Prim among the twelve-year-old girls. With her blond braids and white shirt a few numbers too big, she looks far too young and angelic to be here. Her large eyes, the colour of the summer sky breaking through above, are fixed rigidly ahead, unaware of the attempted smile that her sister throws her way. Katniss fixes the small figure with her eyes as the talk onstage drawls on, noticing how Prim's shirt has escaped her plaited skirt at the back, sticking out to form a little duck tail again despite their mother's best attempt. She's vaguely aware of the high-pitched voice on the speakers announcing that it's ladies first for the drawing. Please don't let it be her, don't let it be her. When a familiar name rings out across the town square, she doesn't even react at first. It wasn't her, and it wasn't her sister, but then why does she suddenly feel like something is terribly wrong anyway? Before the initial relief is completely out of her system, she notices that all eyes present are turned at her. Or more correctly, in her direction. A frown slips through her stony facial mask as she hears a sharp intake of breath to her right. Slowly, she blinks, turns her head to the side, and only then does the chosen name register in her brain. Madge Undersee- the tall girl to her right, her only potential girlfriend in the entire world. And also the mayor's daughter, which technically should mean that the odds would be always in her favour. Her face is a mask of complete and utter shock; her pretty features scrunched up and green eyes wide. Across the audience, her expression is mirrored all over. Katniss tunes out the commotion on the stage, where the Mayor, whose job it is to send the tributes off each year, is clearly as unprepared for this outcome as is his daughter. Tentatively, she reaches out her hand to the girl beside her, squeezing her hand once in the only gesture she can think of. There are no words for a situation like this, and Katniss has never been one to know what to say anyway. The blond girl snaps her head around to face her, fear apparent in her eyes. Katniss meets them steadily with her own, and it seems to be enough. Madge slips her face into something supposed to mirror the steely determination on her friend's face, and slowly begins to make her way forward. Katniss finds herself admiring the girl a little, how she pulls herself together as best she can. At the stage, she avoids wisely to look to her father, who is firmly held in place by the two officials on either side of him. "Any volunteers?" his strong but shaking voice rings out over the crowd, as he places his last desperate hope in the possibility for any other girl of reaping age to willingly step forward and take Madge's place. Katniss feels a strange, unwelcome stab of guilt surge deep inside her belly, knowing that she could do it, could save her friend from a whole world of horror and fear, could save her life. The guilty part is that she never would. No one would be stupid enough to volunteer their life for someone they had no real connection to, let alone for someone they barely even knew. She looks at Madge standing tall up there with eyes far away over the crowd, and she tries to make her heart feel nothing. Not her problem , she tells herself. Then that awful woman in the pink wig announces it's time for the boy's drawing and at once, her belly clenches in pure, unadulterated fear again. So far, this reaping hasn't gone the way it should, and still it's far from over. Katniss clenches her fists tight, and her eyelids tighter, trying to wipe her mind clean, and will the next words over the microphone to be unfamiliar to her ear. When the words are finally spoken, they echo around in her brain for a split second, as if all her surprise has already been spent and left only bleak knowledge of what will happen next. Because the first name is fine, not recognisable at first since it's completely unexpected- but the surname is so, so very wrong. Despite his large number of slips, Gale has avoided the Games for seven straight years, but in turn, his little brother Rory has not. Just like Prim, one single piece of paper carried his name in that whole big bowl, but that didn't stop it from finding its way into the Capitol's hands. But how? Katniss hasn't even bothered to worry about Rory, as if his brother's disastrous odds somehow should have evened out his own. And now, without even looking at her best friend, she knows exactly what's going to happen. Like she should have expected, disaster has won out in the end. Gale's strong, deep voice- the one she knows and trusts more than any other voice in the world- rings out across the entire square, for the whole district to hear, before Rory has even had a chance to start walking towards the stage. "I volunteer!" There's not a trace of hesitation in it. And with those words, Katniss' world shifts and refocuses. She instinctively shuts off any emotion from showing on her face, and locks down her heart for action. Almost like she's heading for a fight, adrenaline courses through her veins, prepares her for what's next and before the crowd can quite grasp what's going on, she has pushed her way to his side. The microphone is cackling something about how exciting , and she can sense a bit of unease sweep through the crowd, but she is focused solely on Gale's dark eyes, as grim as hers. His strong jaw is set firmly, holding back anything that might otherwise be showing for the world to see, but she can find no fear in his expression- only a sense of inevitable duty, just like she knew she would. And anger, boiling fire underneath, that threatens to spill over at any second. Gale has a temper to match his determination, but usually he will let it consume him only in her presence, when they're alone in the freedom of the forest. Now, with the immense injustice of people threatening to send his beloved little brother to slaughter, she can tell he's having trouble controlling it. He can't lose it