A/N: Hi. I got this inspiration while reading this manga (Japanese comics). I wonder if you know, well… You can tell me the name of the manga in a review *wink wink* Anyway… I loved the plotline of that manga and decided to do Twilight one-shot on it. It's almost the same, except for some changes I made. Please enjoy. It's 3am as I type this and wonder why I'm doing this. So if you pity/empathize/love/hate me, review. If you don't, it's fine, but you still have to review. So do it. P.S I think I'll post it tomorrow. Disclaimer: I own nothing. Full Summary: Bella has known Edward since childhood. She was always his protector. But as years pass, Edward is no longer that defenseless child. He's now popular but with no interest towards other girls but Bella. How should Bella react when he suddenly confessed his love to her? ALL HUMAN, OOC, ONE-SHOT. Edward Cullen is my childhood friend. He's blessed with good looks, brains and good reflexes. He's naturally popular but he doesn't show much interest in his social life. When girls ask him questions, he'll bluntly reply with stuff like, 'I'm busy', 'Do it yourself', or 'No'. I'm the only exception…. I chucked the mathematics assignment at his head. It hit the back of his head with a thud and fell onto the table behind him, my table. Edward Cullen turned around and mock-glared at me. As usual, I gave him a fake sweet smile and frowned, "I don't understand." He would in return give me a crooked smile before saying, "Yes" like he always does. Then, he would do it extremely fast and I would hit his head again for not pausing to explain to me in case it appeared in a test. We would laugh together and if any poor innocent girl decides to speak to Edward, he would glare. It was the same every morning. Our routine. It wouldn't change, just like our friendship. Edward and I practically knew each other since we were in diapers. Our mothers were friends that liked to bring their children together and amuse themselves with our cute antics. Edward used to wear glasses that needed him to push it up his nose every few seconds. His head was forever buried in some poetry books and heaven forbid he loved 'Romeo and Juliet'. He used to pour his heart out to me about how he was going to propose to the love of his life and how they were going to skip happily into the horizon. Okay, maybe I added the skipping part, but he was a hopeless romantic, getting lost in the many fairytales that brought along promises of love. He was so adorable. But, Edward was teased and bullied a lot. He was branded 'loser' because of people's jealousy. And I would be the one to stand up for him. He would hide behind me like I'm his shield, his protector. But as the years grew by, when we entered high school, people viewed him differently. He had ditched his glasses because I said I liked to see his emerald eyes. People started to admire his brains and some even worshipped the ground he walked on. He became popular. As for me, Edward will still be Edward. He was still easy to push around and he always did what I asked. He hasn't changed at all since then. He won't ever change. He'll probably still be like that in the future… We were in a moving train. Edward was in front of me, shielding me from the passengers while I was pressed against the door of the train. "So… Bella," he started. He suddenly seemed nervous. He adverted his eyes and with a pink hue streak across his cheeks, he asked the floor, "What are you going to do on Saturday afternoon?" I raised an eyebrow and stifled a giggle. I poked his shoulder lightly, feeling his tense muscles underneath the white button-up. I teased, "I don't think that floor is free, Edward. It has an important job of holding the train together and preventing people from falling into the railway tracks and going to the pearly gates." I couldn't resist. He seemed so confident with others and with me; it was like he was back to that little boy. His small blush turned a tad bit darker and I was really fighting to keep the giggle in. Laughing at people was rude. "That question was for you," he said, determined as his eyes bored into mine, trapping me with just one gaze. I felt like there were tons of butterflies fluttering in my stomach, tickling the sides. I didn't know if it was nice or not. "Oh my, could you possibly be asking me out?" I let out a fake gasp and tried to seem as if like the butterflies didn't affect me one bit and his gaze did not effectively trap me. Let me rephrase that awfully long sentence: I tried to hide my real response. I know Edward. He would never ask me out. He was so gentle, so kind. A girl like me isn't suited for him. I doubt I was the girl that he would sink to his knees to propose too. "No!" he quickly defended himself, breaking eye contact. The butterflies were gone. Replaced, actually. I could almost imagine green slimy acid splashing sides of my stomach and I felt queasy as my gullet tried to force my lunch up and out. I didn't like it. "I just wanted you to come and cheer me on at the basketball match," he said, a pink tint still on his cheeks. His eyes were trained on that tiny bit of dirt on his white converse, like he was trying to will it to disappear. "I can't," I replied, a tad bit too blunt. I blame the acid. Then again, it could simply be the expired tuna sandwich I had eaten for lunch. "Why?" his voice was a little hoarse. I couldn't see his expression and I thanked the gods, he probably looked heartbroken. It would break my heart too. "Alice is bringing me… no, dragging me to her weekly shopping trips." I explained, hoping that maybe he would understand that Alice always got her way and wouldn't feel that upset. Fat chance. At his sister's name, our eyes reconnected. That spark in his emerald green eyes was back. "Tell Alice. She'll understand!" This time, I avoided his gaze. Perhaps I was being an idiot as usual or my period was getting to me. I replied with a blunt tone, there wasn't even a tinge of the apologetic tone I was going for, "I don't know. She'll use this as an excuse to get everything I have refused." "But please do come. I really want to see you there," He urged. He used to have basketball matches all the time and this wasn't the first time I had missed it. So why was he so adamant that I came? I turned to look at him, only to realize the proximity of our faces and the fact that he was smiling that dazzling crooked smile again. This time, I was the one who flushed tomato red. As we were walking to my front porch, I didn't notice a small pebble and wobbled a little… Fine. I fell. Happy ? Two strong arms caught me before I could introduce myself to the cement ground. There was a strange buzzing in the background and for a moment I was worried it was a bee. I blushed a little as my shoe had fallen off in the process. Still in his arms, he swooped me up and carried me bridal style. The buzzing got louder and it seemed to be from me. "Are you hurt?" he asked, concern etched upon his face. I flushed further. I had never been carried by anyone before. And the bloody buzzing was getting louder and louder like a current. I whispered a meek 'no'. Edward carried me while walking past that little distance from my front porch. He laid me on the step and I sat there. Without a word, he walked back to grab my shoe. The current was still in the background as my heart was thumped loudly. I felt like it would combust in any moment. Why was I feeling this way? My heart had never raced so fast. It was unknown and I was afraid. Edward return and my heart, which I thought couldn't possibly beat any faster, raced even faster. He bent down, held my feet like I was Cinderella and slipped my shoe in. I pulled my feet away. My face was probably beet-red. And meanwhile, I think I lost the ability to breathe. "Thanks," I muttered. I wanted him to leave immediately. I didn't know what this feeling was, but I think he was the one who was causing it. He froze. I probably never said 'thanks' before. I only did it today because I desperately wanted him gone, instead of him staying and trying to get me to thank him. I needed to figure the weird current, my erratic heartbeat and my inability to breathe. Without any warning, his hand shot out to grab my face. An electric current ran through us as his skin collided with mine. My eyes widened in shock and he crashed his lips onto mine. His tongue swept across my lower lip, trying to get a reaction. I shivered and involuntarily opened my mouth to allow him access. I should stop now but my body was reacting on its own and I couldn't control it . His tongue poked in a little as if to say his salutations to mine. It went in further, exploring the interior of my mouth. I really needed to stop now! My own tongue betrayed my mind and went on to bump with his. There could be a fireworks going on and I would be oblivious. It was like Edward and I were sucked into our own private world. My mind was screaming at me to STOP IT ! But… I… kinda liked it. Damn my female hormones. As soon as we were out of breath and surrendered our lips back to each other, I realized what I had done. I was ashamed as I pushed him away from me. He fell onto the ground with a soft thud. "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" I screamed at him. Internally, I was screaming the exact same thing at myself. This wasn't like him at all … He stood up confidently and brushed off the dirt on his pants. I had never seen this side of Edward Cullen… He was always so shy around me… "Do you know what everyone says about us?" I didn't like the condescending look in his eyes. I didn't like it at all. "S+M, Princess and servant, Bella always takes advantage of Edward," he listed a few. "Only being near Bella makes him happy," he listed the last one. He looked softly at me as to say that the last one was the only true one. Impossible . He bent down to my face. All traces of superiority gone and it was like he was back to the Edward I knew. We both blushed at the proximity. He stood up again, back into a mask. This time, it was a bitter one. "They always laugh," he spat out. I stood up slowly. What was I trying to do? To comfort him? With what? Edward hauled me up and kissed my exposed neck. My face probably flushed with 30 shades of red. Warmth was radiating out of the kiss mark and I felt faint. "To throw aside the person you love and pretend to be friends," he nibbled on my ear as his whispers travelled into them. "Is cruel," He was making me hot and flustered… But I didn't hate it, "Just