Haymitch had done it. He had managed to outplay the competition of forty-seven other tributes, outwitting the final girl from one with that trick with the force field. He knew from the look in her eyes in those final foresaken minutes that she had thought she'd outlasted him. The ax came bouncing back so quickly, she had barely had time to register that she was wrong. Haymitch had won the Fiftieth Annual Hunger Games. The thought flashed through his mind briefly as the hovercraft appeared, and he grasped the nearest rung of the ladder that had been lowered for him. Later, he would have to face that same stupid audience again, put up some act about how honored he was to be crowned Victor of the biggest Hunger Games yet. Maybe they would react the same way to his brutal honesty as they had before the Games, mistakenly taking his blatant disdain for them as endearing comedy. Maybe they would celebrate it even more, because after all, he was a Victor, and the Capitol loved its victors more than it loved an excuse to party. Of course, crowning a new victor was cause for the biggest party of the year, as far as they were concerned. After it was all over, Haymitch would return home to 12 at last. He would greet his mother and brother, and his girl, wanting to return to his quiet, normal life again more than anything. He would try. But two weeks later, they would all be dead, a message from Snow himself. Remember your place, or this is what happens. They would be gone, and so would his old life with them. But that would all happen later. For now, Haymitch held as tightly to the ladder as he could with one hand, the other desperately trying to keep his intestines from spilling out to the ground. As soon as he got out of this arena, he would be dealt with. Who knew how much time had gone by? It could have been months; it could have been years. Haymitch stopped paying attention about two months after they had all been murdered in cold blood. "Murder" was such a risky word for it, even in thought, but it's how Haymitch labeled it nonetheless. There was no other way to spin it. He had gone out into public less and less after they had been taken, choosing instead to hole himself up into that nice little museum of a house he had been "rewarded" with in Victors Village. Only one other person had ever lived there, the only other person from 12 to have ever won the Games. He had died well before Haymitch was reaped, though, which meant that it had been up to Haymitch entirely to get himself out of that arena. Somehow, he had managed it, but he wasn't sure he had been the true winner of the Games in the end. Haymitch didn't quite remember when the phone call had come, just that it had come some time before the victory tour-there were a lot of things that ran together for him now, a lot of things he willingly blacked out in his memory. But he did remember that phone call, because for some reason, it had come as a surprise for him. He was expected to act as mentor to this year's District 12 tributes. He wasn't sure why this had come as such a shock for him, because in retrospect it only made sense. He may have been out of the running for reaping, but he would be a prominent part of the Games for the rest of his life. At first he thought it might not be so bad. After all, he had won his Games with no mentor, and with twice as many tributes. If he could do that, guiding other tributes should come easily enough, right? It was only when he got sight of the tributes that year, a boy and a girl who were both from the Seam, and both smaller than average due to a lifetime of malnourishment, did he realize that like-anything related to the Games or the Capitol-it wouldn't be as easy as he had hoped. The boy died at the bloodbath. The girl lasted two days, then died from eating a poisonous plant. He supposed the edible plants exercise in training hadn't been her strong point. Haymitch slumped into a seat at the immense bar held in the posh room the tribute teams used to watch the Games. His own tributes were gone, and almost pathetically so at that. Perhaps it was pointless, but Haymitch couldn't help blaming himself. After all, it was his job to get them out of there.. "Here." A bottle of beer had been planted in front of him, and Haymitch looked up into the understanding eyes of Chaff, a mentor from Eleven who had won only a few years before him. "You're going to need this," the other man said. Haymitch brought the bottle to his lips, and washed the future of fallen tributes from his mind. He should have known it was too good to be true. In seventy-four years of the Hunger Games, not a single exception like this had ever been made before. It would be giving too much to the districts to allow this rule change to remain in place all the way to the end, too much hope; too much power. The districts had to remember who was really in charge. But Haymitch had seen the looks in their eyes as Claudius Templesmith announced only one winner would be allowed after all, and he couldn't deny the disappointment he felt, no matter how stupid it had been of him to think they might actually pull it off. "Here's some advice. Stay alive," he had told them. And they had. The pair of fighters he had been given that year had made it all the way to the final two spots of the Games. If he believed in them, Haymitch might have thought it was a miracle. But there were no miracles in Panem. Haymitch could barely stand to watch the rest of it play out. As the kid rambled something up on the screen, he put his hand out to catch the attention of the bar tender. He had stayed good on his promise to remain sober long enough to help them win the Games, but even after twenty-four years of watching tribute after tribute die, this was too much for Haymitch to handle on his own. Besides, either way, he would be bringing a tribute home to Twelve at last. But as the bartender sat the frosty bottle down in front of him, something on the screen caught his eye. The two stood with their backs to each other, each holding a handful of something in one hand, and grasping the other's free hand. "Hold them out. I want everyone to see," the kid said. As they did, she counted to three, and then both popped the berries in their mouths. Then the frantic voice of Claudius Templesmith cut through, begging them to stop. "Ladies and gentlemen," he had said, "I am pleased to present the victors of the Seventy-fourth Hunger Games, Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark! I give you - the tributes of District Twelve!" The bottle sat on the bartop, forgotten. Noise erupted all around him, and people seemed to be saying things to him. What it was, he wasn't sure, but it didn't matter, because the only thought that registered in his mind was that he had to get down to the landing pad when they were brought in from the arena. They'd done it. They had won the Games and made history by being the first pair of victors to emerge from the same arena ever. Haymitch was proud; he was even relieved. But most of all, Haymitch was concerned. Because Katniss would have no idea what she had unleashed with that trick with the berries. The victory tour had been a mess. Neither one of them wanted to be there, but that was nothing new. No victor liked their own victory tour, save for maybe those careers from One and Two, who had considered winning the Games to be the ultimate achievement in life. But outside of them, Haymitch didn't know a single victor who actually enjoyed the forced tour of the nation that served as a reminder that they were never out of the shadow of the Games, packaged cleverly as a celebration for the winner from the year previous. But once she had realized they were doomed to play out the forced romance for the rest of their lives, the mood had soured drastically. Despite the fact that they seemed to have finally made up from the cold distance they had held from each other ever since returning home to Twelve. Despite the fact that they were sleeping together. Haymitch doubted they were truly sleeping together in the most commen sense of the word - she was much too afraid of intimacy for that. Not that he blamed her, or was even really in a place to judge her. But they were sharing a bed. The Capitol attendants had noticed first, and gossip spread quickly on something as small as a train. Even one of the fancy ones the Capitol used for the tour. He first learned of it when Effie came to him for advice, flustered over such a potential scandal. "They're in love," he had told her, putting his feet up on the coffee table and taking a swig of the whiskey. "What do you want me to do about it?" He knew it wasn't true-not entirely, at least. But the act was important, and if they were to get out of this with as many lives in tact as possible, he had to play it up as much as they did. "Well, it's improper!" Effie huffed indignantly. She was like a little child, upset that they hadn't gotten their way. Haymitch could almost see her stamping her feet. The vision gave him a good chuckle, which only made Effie's frown deepen. "Talk to them, if it bothers you so much," he told her with a shrug and went back to his drink. When it became obvious she would get no where with him, Effie sulked out, mumbling something under her breath. Haymitch had to laugh. Later, he would find out that she had, in fact, spoken to them about it. Imagining how awkward that conversation must have been became an endless source of amusement for Haymitch. He would get his a few days later, though, when an interviewer in the Capitol cornered him for an exclusive. "Is there any truth to the rumors that you and District 12 escort Effie Trinket are an item?" the bubbly reporter asked. "Of course not!" Haymitch barked in response. He wanted to throw up in his mouth at even the thought of it. He had grown somewhat fond of the fussy woman over the years, but at the most, she was like a pesky little sister. And that was being generous. Effie Trinket was the last woman in Panem that Haymitch wanted a romantic relationship with. After suffering through a few more senseless questions (how did he feel about the new mockingjay trend that had seized the nation?), he had managed to escape. The big event was about to start, and Haymitch had to be on full alert for this one. There was no telling how Snow would take the proposal. Sure, he might put up a good show of happiness over it for the cameras. But Haymitch knew Snow too well by now to know it would be his only reaction. He may have had Katniss running in circles in a useless attempt to appease him, but Haymitch knew better. Haymitch was right. This whole thing had been a nightmare. And that was