Author Note: Merry Christmas, everybody! I wanted to write this, as a gift for all of those who have enjoyed and encouraged Blue on Grey/A House United this year. It's really meant a lot to me to be able to share this story with you all. Thank you so much, and happy holidays! If you're reading this, and aren't familiar with the universe it's set it, please check out Blue on Grey - listed on my profile. This piece is set during that. I'm just emerging from the woods, trudging through the mud of the dampened earth when I notice how low in the sky the sun has fallen. Of course, it's Christmas Eve, and the shortest day of the year was a short three days ago. I had known the day would grow dark so soon, which is why I had taken it into account when I decided to set out into the woods early. I wanted to try to find something special for Christmas supper tomorrow if I could. The day will already be disappointing enough, what with how poor we are after the war. Not to mention who won't be there tomorrow... My luck in the woods was somewhat successful: a couple of squirrels, a rabbit, some grouse. I was hoping I might be lucky enough to find a wild turkey, but the odds were not in my favor. It doesn't matter, though; I snagged enough, and Mama should be happy. If only I could tell her I was the one who was able to find them; but she'd only be angry with me for acting so unladylike. That's why I have to meet up with Peeta Mellark after every trip into the woods I take. He's a Union soldier, but out of everyone, he's the only one I've been able to trust with my secret. I really have no idea why he keeps it for me, but I'm grateful all the same. Except now he's nowhere in sight, which makes me nervous because that increases the likelihood that I'll be caught. After a few more minutes of waiting, I'm starting to wonder how I'll cover on my own when I see him emerge from one of the abandoned slave quarters across the way. I raise an eyebrow at this - I can't imagine what business he could possibly have in there. I can't think of anything, but who knows? It's really hard to figure him out sometimes, this perplexing boy who helps the family he's stationed with on the opposing side of the war he fought in. He hurries across the fields to meet me. "Sorry I kept you waiting," he mutters when he reaches me. I just look him over curiously. "What were you doing in there?" I ask. I can't read the expression he wears as he shrugs. "I just had time to kill while I waited. I've never seen slave quarters in tact before, and I was curious. We only saw them when burning down plantations." I can see him cringe at this last part. I frown at him, and look away. But Peeta gently begins taking the game away from me, throwing it over his broad shoulders as we turn to walk back together. "Are you ready for Christmas tomorrow?" he asks me after a long moment of silence. I shake my head. "There's not much to get ready," I say. Peeta nods thoughtfully, but remains silent. I'm glad. I don't need him reminding me of everything we've lost thanks in large part to his army. As soon as we get the game home without raising much suspicion, I set to work cleaning and preparing it for the meal tomorrow. It's nothing compared to the feasts we used to have before the war, but it's going to be a better one than most in our neighborhood will be having for Christmas. I'm up late, finishing that and all the other chores that need to be done for tomorrow. I'm on my way to bed, when I glance out the window and happen to see Peeta sneaking back down to the slave quarters. I watch him for a minute as he disappears inside. But when he doesn't emerge right away, I decide to go to bed anyway. I'll investigate later. I mean to rise early to check the slave quarters and catch Peeta in whatever it is I'm trying to do, but when I stop into the kitchen to start the fire before setting out, he's already awake. He glances over his shoulder at the sound of me, and gives me a smile. "Merry Christmas," he tells me. "Merry Christmas," I mutter back, perplexed at the sight of him. What is he doing up so early? As if reading my thoughts, he turns towards me, a mixture bowl in hand that he gestures out at me. "I just wanted to contribute something," he says. I don't answer except to nod, then turn and head back into the house. Mama and Prim have already wakened, and are both sitting around the small tree we were able to set up in the parlor. It isn't anything compared to what we used to have, but it's still enough. I join them. "Merry Christmas!" Prim cries, and jumps up to give me a hug. Mama follows, wishing me the same. "Shall we open presents?" Mama asks, and Prim eagerly agrees. I do, too, though not with anywhere near as much enthusiasm. There isn't much, thanks to the awful time we had of things over the year. It's nothing compared to what we had in the days before the war, when the underneath of the tree was piled so high with presents you couldn't see through to the other side without causing a few to drop down on top of you. But for what it is, we remain as grateful as we can. Mama gives Prim and me a new pair of gloves, that I can't help thinking it must have taken forever for her to save up for. I feel bad thinking of how little I'll be able to use them, but I still thank her profusely. I have to try to hold on to whatever remains of my being a lady as much as I can. Prim opens another package addressed to her. When she does, her eyes grow big. "What is it?" I ask. In answer, she holds up a jar of preserves. Confused I look to Mama. "How were you able to afford both the gloves and the preserves?" I ask her. She shakes her head, looking every bit as bewildered as I feel. "I didn't give those," she says. "It's not from me. Is it from you, Katniss?" "Of course not," I say, because why would I even be asking if I had been the one to give them to her? But if she didn't give them, and I didn't give them... then who did? We tear through the rest of the package, and we find more of the same kind of thing: some more preserves, some jams; salted meats. None of the gifts are marked, and there are no other visible signs of who possibly could have given them. "Must be Santa," Prim murmurs. "Maybe he's not such a Yankee, after all." It isn't Santa, of course. But I would like to know whoever it was. Because the gifts are a little unnerving, I have to admit. It being Christmas, we're all to have proper baths in the tub, rather than the sponge baths we normally give ourselves daily. This is the first time we've really done this since the help cleared out of here earlier this year when the war ended. Normally, they would set the tub up in our rooms, and help us bathe and dress. Now that we're on our own, however, the bathing is to be done in the kitchen. Fortunately, at least, Peeta has agreed to help with the heavy lifting, which means we're able to warm the water over the fire first. I'm standing in the room when he lifts it off where it hangs in the fireplace, and moves it over to a clear spot in the room, his strong arms straining under the load. He glances up at me as he settles it into its spot. "Should be ready for you now, Miss Everdeen," he says with a brief glance up at me. "Thank you," I say. He nods. "Welcome," he says with another glance; his eyes linger for a moment as he moves them up and down my body. I shift a little, feeling a little uncomfortable. But Peeta flits his eyes away suddenly, and without another word, leaves the room quickly. For some reason, he seemed to be trying to angle his body away from me. I shake my head, deciding it's nothing, and disrobe; settle into the water. As I begin to wash myself, I can't help thinking how odd this whole experience is. Instead of the privacy of my own room, I'm in the kitchen, where really, anybody could walk in on me. What if Peeta walked in on me? I'm completely bare and vulnerable like this. I'd be at his mercy if he decided he wanted to have his way with me. That's ridiculous, I think. He would never do that do you. Then I catch myself, and remind myself that Peeta Mellark is not my friend. I shouldn't be so quick to trust him. And I especially shouldn't be thinking about him like this while in this state. When I'm finished, Prim helps dress me before she gets in for her turn in the tub. I wait in the kitchen while she washes, and we chit chat a little, trying to figure out the secret of the mysterious gifts. "Maybe it was Peeta," she says. "Don't be silly, little duck," I chide. "Why would Peeta give us those gifts?" "You know why," she says, a knowing smile playing on her lips. I sigh, not wanting to feed into Prim's ridiculous theories that have no basis in reality anyways. "Hurry up and finish," is all I tell her. "Mama needs our help." We're dressed in time to help Mama welcome our guests: Gale, my fiance, and the rest of his family; Finnick and a very expectant Annie Odair; Greasy Sae and her granddaughter. Since we're all struggling to get by, we agreed that it might help things if we all celebrated together, pooling our resources and sharing, rather than getting by on our own. The house becomes loud with so many guests. I'm bustling about everywhere, trying to help Mama provide for our guests; Prim helps, too. The women and the men gather together in a room, making polite conversation. The primary subject of conversation seems to be the passing of the 13 Amendment, ratified earlier this month. Word has it that the Confederate states must accept it before being allowed back in the Union. The men all prattle on and on about how they'll refuse to accept such an abomination, and they'll hold out as long as possible, though some point out that it's probably too late from what they've heard. All this talk frustrates me, though, so I excuse myself from the room, saying that I need some air. Wanting to savor the peace of the Christmas tree, I decide to head for the parlor. But I'm pulled up short to find it's already occupied - Peeta, a book in hard, is already sitting quietly in there. He looks up at me as soon as I come in and smiles. "Sorry," I say, "I didn't know you were in here already." "It's all right," he says. "I'm not doing anything important anyway." I frown at this. "Why aren't you in the room with the others?" I ask, though I realize as I'm saying it why he isn't. He lets out a sigh. "I don't think I'm exactly