The First Year is the Hardest Note: If the first part of this chapter sounds familiar, it's because an earlier version of this story was posted a couple of months ago under a different name. I've revised things since then, and so I decided to delete that version and start over from scratch. The phone rings without end. I sigh and roll my eyes as I finally reach for it. You have to pick up the phone, Peeta's words echo through my mind. He was right, of course, just like he always is. Was. No, is, I correct myself, and I can't help thinking of those last days in the Capitol before it all went to hell. I had tried to ignore it, like I always do with instructions I don't care to follow. Usually, whoever is calling will give up and finally leave me to my solitude. Not today, though. Just when the phone had finally fallen silent, and I thought I could finally return to the quiet numbness my days are now filled with, it only started ringing again a moment later. Whoever was on the other end wasn't taking no for an answer. Probably Dr. Aurelius, I think to myself. He would know Peeta had delivered his message by now, and would be more aggressive about getting me to pick up than ever. I grit my teeth, bracing myself as I lift the receiver to my ear. "Hello?" "Katniss," the old man says, the relief that he's gotten me to answer his call at last evident in his voice. "How are you doing?" I shrug, even though I know he can't see it. At least, I hope he can't. Who knows what kind of technology the Capitol installed in these houses in order to keep an eye on their victors? "I've been better," I say. "Of course," he agrees, as though it were the most obvious thing in the world. It is, really. "What have you been up to since your return to District 12?" "Not much." "I see," he says, his tone matter-of-fact. I can't help wondering what the point of this is. I know, of course, but how does he expect to help me when I can't even answer with more than three words at a time? "And Greasy Sae? Is she stopping by, like she promised?" "Every morning and night," I tell him. "With her granddaughter," I add the last part in an effort to be somewhat more helpful. Instead I just feel more awkward. "Good. That's good," he says. We fall silent for a moment, and I almost forget I'm on the phone at all as I stare at a point right below the clock on the wall in front of me. "And Peeta…" he begins again at last, and this time the hesitation is a lot more apparent, "How do you feel about him being home?" I stop and consider this briefly. "I don't know. Okay, I guess." "Okay?" he asks. "Okay," I confirm. I know he wants me to go on, but frankly, I don't have it in me. To explain how I feel about Peeta's return would require more energy than I think I have to give right now; I haven't even really taken the time to figure it out yet myself. It's only been a little over a day as it is. I'm glad, of course, but there's something else there as well. Guilt, I think. And why I feel guilty is a can of worms I don't even want to think about opening right now. "Okay," he repeats after some time. "I just wanted to check in on you. See how you were doing. I'll have Greasy Sae continue her visits. And Haymitch," he adds the last part, probably only because he's technically supposed to. Both of us know Haymitch is usually too busy drowning his own sorrows in a bottle of whiskey to really be of much use. I still haven't seen him since the day we returned to Twelve. "Please call me if you need to talk. If I don't hear from you, then I'll call you this same time next week." "All right," I agree half-heartedly. I suppose there really isn't much I can do to stop him. I still can't figure out why, though, when this conversation didn't seem all that productive. How could this possibly help? "Have a good week, Katniss," he says, and then hangs up the phone. Well, that was short. I hang up the phone myself, and then continue sitting there, staring at that same spot below the clock for what seems like hours. It probably is, I realize after a while. Time seems to have no bearing on me anymore. When the room begins to grow dimmer from the setting sun, I realize I should probably move. I get up and wander to the kitchen, staring at the supplies that were left sitting on the counter. I have half a mind to prepare my own dinner for a moment, but as quickly as it came, the motivation to do so is now gone. I decide I should probably settle on the couch again until it returns. As I do, I can't help wondering why I'm like this today, when yesterday I had gained such a spurt of energy, I had actually made it back to the woods to go hunting for the first time in months. I lean my head back to rest on the back of the couch and close my eyes. It doesn't matter why. Few things seem to matter anymore. After a while, I hear the door creak open. "Katniss?" Greasy Sae's voice calls through the empty house as I hear them enter. I say nothing as she enters the room, followed by her granddaughter and then Peeta. Peeta. A surge of something resembling happiness briefly courses through me, before being swallowed up in those feelings of guilt again. Why do I feel this way? Will I ever not feel guilty when it comes to this boy? He says nothing to me, but I can feel his eyes on me as I cover my own with my hands. "Have you done anything today?" Greasy Sae asks me. Of course the answer is still the same one I gave Dr. Aurelius – not much. Unlike Dr. Aurelius, however, she leaves it at that, and begins preparing the dinner I had given up on. A small part of me wonders how thrilled she would have been to arrive here to find me at such a task, but I don't really care enough to think much more about it. Somewhere near me in the room, I can hear her granddaughter begin playing with Buttercup on the floor, probably with a string of yarn. The cat hasn't left my side since he returned last night. Peeta asks Greasy Sae if there's anything he can do to help, and when she refuses, I feel him cautiously join me on the couch. He still says nothing to me. He doesn't even sit very close to me, from what I can make out. My eyes are still closed, refusing to allow more of the world in than I have to. Not until I'm ready, at least. I actually would like nothing more than to hide out in one of the closets for a while, but I know I'm not allowed to do that right now. When Greasy Sae finally announces that dinner is ready, I open my eyes at last. I catch Peeta as he passes by me, his eyes flitting away from mine when he sees that I'm looking. Just like when we were in school, I think, before catching myself. I really don't need any more bittersweet memories of the past haunting me today. Dinner goes quietly, with Greasy Sae and Peeta making small talk. I don't say much of anything, but try to at least seem like I'm paying attention to them, nodding in places where it's appropriate. Greasy Sae tells of the activity going on in town; the way the former residents of District 12 are beginning to trickle back home, and the start of plans for reconstruction. I notice she leaves out the part about the mass grave in the Meadow. I feel as though I should be bothered by this implication that she thinks I can't handle reality, but do I really want to hear more about that than I already know? When dinner is over, she begins to clean up. Starting to feel a little guilty over allowing her to do so much for me without even an offer of help, I attempt to join her in doing the dishes. But when I fly into a rage over a spot on a teacup that won't come off, she sends me away to join Peeta on the couch again. I stare at the wall, managing to get out a "goodbye," and then, quickly, a "thank you," when the party finally leaves. I sigh and again lower my head to the seatback behind me, when something registers in my mind. "You're still here." Peeta looks a little sheepish as he shrugs his shoulders. "Is that okay?" "Sure," I mutter, flopping my head back down to resume my staring at the ceiling. "I can leave if you want." "It's fine," I mutter again. He's silent for a long moment. "I just…" he begins slowly, as though searching for the right words to say. A distinct sadness rises in me at this; Peeta never had to think about the right thing to say before. It always came naturally to him. Just one more thing to be angry about, I think. "I didn't really want to be alone tonight," he finishes at last. I nod, not really sure what to say to this. I wish I had this problem, but even after – or maybe even because of - months of solitary confinement, I still find myself wishing everyone would just leave me alone. But if there's anyone whose company wouldn't bother me quite so much, it's Peeta's. Despite everything that's happened to us. "It's fine, Peeta," I repeat. "You can stay if you want to." Out of the corner of my eyes, I see him nod his head thoughtfully. We fall into another one of those silences that seem to be becoming the norm for me for a long while. Then, finally, I hear him clear his throat nervously. "What did you think of the bushes?" he asks. What did I think? To begin to describe it would be impossible. Stronger emotions than I can handle dealing with threaten to bubble up even thinking about it. Of course, I think it was sweet of Peeta to plant them. Sweet in the way the old Peeta used to be. And, though I dare not think about it too much, it seems like he's becoming more and more like that boy again. But the thoughts of what they did to him, and her, and everyone else I have ever cared about only reminds me again of how angry I am. But I don't tell him this. "They're fine," is all I say, and immediately I can tell that he's disappointed. This irritates me for some reason. I never asked him to plant those bushes. But Peeta chooses to let it go, and again looks thoughtful as he takes me in much in the same way he did yesterday. "Did you hunt this morning?" he asks. "No," is all I say. Peeta frowns at this. "Katniss… I know we've been through a lot, but-" "I talked to my mother, though," I interrupt him before he can go much further. "Well, that's a good start. But still-" "Why did you even come back, Peeta? To lecture me?" I snap, completely unable to mask the irritation in my voice. I turn my head sharply to face him. Who does he think he is, anyways? Wasn't