Note: This story was originally written as a gift for madefrommemories as part of the Everlark Secret Santa Exchange over on AO3. Special thanks to bigbigbigday006 and loveleee for betaing this. I feel that thing again. That hunger that overtook me on the beach. As Peeta's lips melt with mine, I reach my hand up and bury it in his curls. The other hand pulls him closer; as close as I can possibly get to him. On some level, I'm vaguely aware that I know what's happening. But I'm not thinking about it. For once, the instincts fully take command and all I know is how much I want this, how badly I need to become one with Peeta. To do something that proves we can never be broken apart from each other again. I want to hold onto him and never let him go. It's a far cry from how we both were mere months ago, broken shadows of our former selves. At one point, I believed any hope of being with him had truly died out. But now we're here, together. And this is happening. I could cry if I weren't so caught up in the heat of the moment. Peeta's arms ghost down my body, and gently tug my shirt over my head. I'm shy under his gaze, feeling the need to block the numerous patches that make up my skin from view. But then he removes his own shirt, and we are a matched set. There is nothing more to hide from each other at this point. Bit by bit, we remove the remaining pieces of clothes between kisses and caresses. Peeta mutters my name against my skin in near disbelief. His mouth moves to my chest, and I gasp when he takes one of my breasts in his mouth. But the sensation makes me feel good in ways I never thought was imaginable. And it's the same with every other place on my body he touches. At last, we get to the act itself. After awkwardly pulling out a package that he explains Effie forced him to take back on the train, what now seems a lifetime ago at this point, he rolls the condom on and carefully pushes into me. It hurts, I won't lie. It's awkward and painful, and neither of us know what we're doing as we bump into each other. But after some nervous laughter, we manage to pick up a rhythm, kissing and holding each other close as we do. It's okay, we both understand. For the first time, we know we have all the time in the world to get better. To learn how to do this whole thing right. It doesn't last long. Peeta comes into the condom with a groan; I don't come at all. In fact, I'm in pain, but it really doesn't matter at this point. The pain is nothing compared to the things I've been through. In fact, I'll gladly bear it considering everything it signifies. So after, when he's pulled off the condom, thrown it in the trash and gathered me in his arms, trembling all the while, and whispers, "you love me. Real or not real?" I tell him, "Real." "I love you so much," Peeta mutters against my skin as his lips trail downwards. I shiver in anticipation the further south they go. I'm on my back with my elbows propping me up so I can watch. When I feel his lips reach my folds, his tongue snaking between them and slowly begins to tease my clitirous with wet laps, I throw my head back, my breathing labored. "I love you, too," I just barely manage to get out. I'm rewarded with Peeta picking up his pace, then replacing his tongue with his fingers as he moves to lick my walls. My back arches as I let out a loud groan. Peeta continues his motions until I'm practically screaming, my body tensing up before it explodes in release. Peeta is peeking up at me from his spot between my legs as I come back down to earth. "I love doing that," he grins at me. "I know," I say, "now roll over." Peeta only raises an eyebrow as he grins mischievously at me, all the while complying. I position myself, and take his cock into my mouth, sucking only the tip at first. I hear him let out a pleading whimper, which only picks up as the moments tick by. At least, I put him out of his misery, and dip my head downwards, taking him into my mouth in his entirety. Peeta groans in relief, his breathing growing more and more labor as I bob my head up and down, sucking and licking on the length of his shaft. I feel his body begin to shake and tense, and that's when I know it's time to stop. He lets out a disappointed noise, but from the way he's looking at me, I can tell he knows what's going to happen next. I move up his body, take him in my hand as I position himself at my entrance, and sink down onto him. It's been two years, and the feeling of his thick cock filling me up still feels amazing. I begin my pattern, alternating between up and down and grinding myself in circular motions on him. I can't believe there was a time when I wasn't going to allow myself to experience this. I never thought of myself as a sexual creature until it happened, but once it did, I knew I could never deny myself again. Peeta has begun kneading my breasts with his skillful hands, so careful and tuned with the precision only a baker and artist could have. Our movements are so much more in line with each other than they were that first time. Our stamina has improved greatly. And after much deliberation, I agreed to go on a form of oral contraceptive provided by the new government that had replaced the Capitol. It made me nervous at first, but the first time I felt Peeta inside me, without the plastic of a condom separating us, I knew I had made the right choice. I scream as I come, clamping down on him inside me, and feel him as he explodes himself. There was something so raw and exhilarating about it the first time I felt him do this. "I never get tired of this," he smiles afterwards, holding me close like he always does. I smile back and agree, and he seals it with a kiss. "Katniss Mellark," Peeta breathes as he draws me close to him in our darkened room. "After all this time, it's finally happened. Katniss Mellark." "Are you going to call me that for the rest of the night?" I smile. "Maybe I will, Katniss Mellark. I may call you that for the rest of our lives. Can you blame me?" "No," I grin as I lean in to kiss him. As I lean in to kiss my husband, I think, and can't stop the feeling of happiness that washes over me. It took him five years to talk me into it, but I finally agreed to marry. And not just a toasting, either, but the full deal with a marriage certificate and everything. It took us awhile to even decide on that, of course. At first, I just wanted to do a toasting, with only the two of us present. Peeta agreed. But then we began feeling guilty. Haymitch, at least, should have been there, and then we realized my mother should, too. And since we were inviting guests, why not include Johanna, Annie and her son? And, all right, maybe we should invite Effie, too. Before we knew it, we were applying for a license in the newly rebuilt Justice Building, and cleaning out the bedrooms on the second floor of Peeta's former house whose first floor now held the bakery. It was a small ceremony. Our group gathered first at the Justice Building as we signed the paper to light applause and sarcastic comments from Haymitch and Johanna. We then moved back to my house - our house, really, as it was about to become officially. Unofficially, we had been living here together for all but the first several months after we returned from the Capitol. Peeta had baked the bread himself, of course; the same hearty recipe of berries and nuts that he had thrown me all those years ago, the first time he ever saved my life. As we thrust the loaf into the fire together, our hands clasped around each other as we held the bread, it occurred to me how appropriate it was for the traditional ceremony of our district to involve the two things that seemed to have come to symbolize us most. When we turned to feed each other our respective pieces, it was Peeta's eyes I expected to be glistening with tears. Instead, though, I found it was myself who had to fight back that choking sound I make when I'm about to cry. I felt vulnerable and awkward, but from the look he gave me as he realized my reaction, I don't think I could have given Peeta a more perfect gift on our wedding day. As he brought my piece of bread up to my lips, I caught him mouthing a word silently, so that no one else could hear it. Maybe he didn't even mean to say it out loud. Always. We stood when finished, me straightening out the green dress I wore, while our small reception congratulated us, or muttered under breath that it was about time in Haymitch's case. Then the remainder of the bread was passed around the group while Peeta and I watched, hands clasped tightly, a radiant smile plastered across his face. And, I realized, across mine as well. After tearful congratulations and several knowing looks, we were at last left alone. Hand in hand, Peeta and I climbed the stairs to our room, where we find ourselves now. "Katniss Mellark," Peeta breathes again against my neck that he's now dropping kisses on with growing intensity. He continues the mantra as he goes, though the last part eventually drops off along with our clothing. It's only my first name he shouts when I make him come that night. "Peeta." My voice is urgent as my hands drop to my growing stomach, clasping onto it tightly. Peeta doesn't respond, so I repeat myself, my voice louder and I move one hand so that I'm shaking him awake. He lets out an indignant grunt. "What is it?" he asks sleepily as he rolls over to face me, sleep still evident in his eyes. When he sees my expression, however, they widen as he sits up suddenly, looking me over in concern. "What's happened? Is something wrong?" I can't answer. Instead, my hand moves back to my stomach, right where it happened, I can only stare as I hope he'll be able to understand what I'm saying. He doesn't. "What is it, Katniss?" he pleads with me. From his tone alone, I can tell panic is going to set in at any moment. He hasn't had an episode in months - they don't happen anywhere near as often as they used to, but they do still occasionally occur. As terrified as I am, I'm more terrified of setting him off. I'm able to bring him back every time, but every time I'm afraid will be the time when I won't be able to. And right now, I need Peeta more than I ever could have before. "I felt it move," I admit, my voice small. Peeta sinks back down, his face first etched in disbelief before he begins to laugh. "Is that all?" he asks. I nod. "That's great!" I don't answer, instead looking back down to where I know the baby is growing inside