I awaken in the early morning to the sound of something crackling. Opening my eyes, I can just make out Peeta's silhouette bent over the fireplace in his room as he fuels it with more kindling. It's dark still, and the faint glow of the flames is the only source of light. When he's finished, Peeta makes his way over to the bed, and slips as gently and quietly beside me as he can. It's not until he's huddled next to me that he even sees I've been watching him. "Didn't mean to wake you," he says. I shake my head and smile at him. "It's all right." "It's still snowing outside. I checked," he tells me, his voice hushed, though I don't know why. It's just us in the house tonight. I do know why he's telling me this, though. He thinks I'm concerned about my mother and sister being able to return home after attending to Annie and the birth of her child. But even I'm surprised by how little I'm worried over them. He made the point yesterday that they would stay there, warm and safe, until it was clear enough for them to make the trek home, and he was right. So there's no point in dwelling on it, for now at least. Besides, it's so peaceful here with Peeta, underneath the quilt on his bed, the fire now roaring. I can feel his own heat radiating off his body, and I nuzzle myself up next to him, pressing as close to him as humanly possible. I feel so warm and safe myself that I'd rather just dwell on this for now. "It's okay," I tell him, "it'll stop eventually. Let it snow." He grins, and his blue eyes sparkle with the reflection of the fire. He reaches over and pulls me on him, and I immediately move to rest my head on his chest, sighing at the feeling of his steady arms wrapping around me. I feel him kiss me on the top of my head. "It is nice like this, isn't it?" he asks me, and I nod as I listen to the sound of his heart beating, quiet and strong. I feel him bring an arm up and lazily begin running it through my hair. "I'll make us biscuits for breakfast," he tells me. "How does that sound?" "Sounds good," I say, "but don't feel you have to hurry." He laughs at this, quietly, gently and continues to caress my hair. "Wouldn't dream of it," he murmurs. I nod, and, feeling more content than I have in a long time, feel myself slip into a tranquil sleep. When I wake again some time later, the soft light of morning is pouring in. Judging by the angle, I'd say it's somewhere around eight 'o' clock. I can also see through the window that the snow has finally stopped falling. Peeta is still asleep beneath me, both of us still wrapped around each other. I don't want to disturb him, and really, I'm perfectly happy just to lay there and feel his breathing, so I leave him. Eventually, though, he begins to stir. As his eyes flutter open, his face lights up as he looks down at me and smiles. "Morning," he says. "Morning," I smile back at him. "How'd you sleep?" "Oh, I slept wonderfully. Couldn't have been better," he tells me with a grin. "Must have been the beautiful lady, who agreed to marry me last night, sleeping beside me. What?" he asks as he sees the frown that's now crossed my face. I break from his grip to sit up. "I'm not much of a lady." "Why do you say that?" I'm not sure how he can even ask. For starters, there's the fact that I'm in bed with him, not a stitch of clothing on. Maybe we're technically engaged now, but we weren't when we started this whole thing. "Isn't it obvious?" I ask, unable to look at him. I can feel the bed shift as he sits up behind me. He wraps his arms around me and buries his nose into my neck, kissing it softly. "All right," he admits, "maybe we broke a few taboos last night. It was worth it, though." "Was it?" I ask. "Will it still be worth it if anyone finds out and we're publicly disgraced?" "Who's going to tell?" he counters. "I'm not. Are you?" I'm silent a moment before I shake my head. "No..." "Then what's to worry about? Even if we did conceive a child last night, we'll be married soon anyway," he pulls me closer to him and kisses me on my cheek. "Katniss," he says softly, "you're going to be my wife. I'll protect you-" "I don't need protecting," I cut in. "Don't I know it. But I'm going to do it anyway, in whatever way I can. And that includes protecting your darkest secret of the night you couldn't resist the suave charm of the devastatingly handsome soldier from up north. Who, it turns out, was the best thing to ever happen to you." "When did this happen?" Peeta laughs and gently pushes me back down to the bed, positioning himself on top of me so that he can give me a deep, lingering kiss. "I love you," he says as he moves to the crook of my neck and I press a kiss into his hair. His lips move downwards, teasing as they pass between my breasts without pause, before he stops just above my bellybutton and looks up at me, conflicted. "What?" I ask. "It's just torn between making bread and butter with you here, or making you those biscuits I promised earlier." "Can't I have both?" He smirks and raises an eyebrow. "Hungry, are we?" I can feel myself blush, which seems odd considering the circumstance. Peeta chuckles at the sight of it as he glides back up over me. "We can do that," he says as he takes a breast into his mouth "Maybe we should just get dressed," I say. "Maybe," he mutters, but makes no move to stop. His lips are so hot against my skin, sucking on it a little as he works, causing me to shiver the further he drops. "There's no telling when someone may be back." "If they find us, they find us." "You're not thinking straight," I tell him, though in truth I'm not doing so well myself. "Mmmph." He's not even paying attention anymore. And I quickly forget everything else when Peeta suddenly lifts me up, hooking my legs over his shoulders so that he has better access to me. I gasp and arch my back as soon as I feel his tongue slide inside of me, running up and down the walls as far as it can reach. He takes his time with every stroke he gives, greeting me with an extra long lick every time I buck my hips against him. Eventually, he withdraws his tongue from inside me, and works it up to that place he found yesterday that gave me so much pleasure, watching my reactions intently. He replaces his tongue with his finger as he shifts himself back up so that he lays beside me, gently rolling me to my side so that I face him. I immediately reach out and hold onto him, my arm wrapped around his lower back. The action pulls me closer to him, and the feeling of our chests against each other is a pleasant one. I meet him in the kiss he leans in to give me, making it so our bodies are flush against each other, with only his arm between us separating us as he works me. I wrap a leg around one of his, which allows me to feel him, hard against me. It occurs to me that Peeta has been doing everything up until now, giving me pleasure but never seeking out his own from me. So I reach over and take him in my hand. His eyes immediately flutter shut as he lets out a guttural groan and shudders under my touch. Encouraged by this, I begin running my hand up and down the length of it, watching with fascination as he reacts - labored breathing, his eyes only half open as they look almost helplessly at me, hands tangled in my hair. My hands begin to move faster, and this only seems to increase his reaction, causing him to throw his head back and let out a groan. Now it's my turn to move over him, planting teasing kisses across his chest, up his neck, on his jawline, running my free hand through his wheat colored curls. I'm taken by surprise when he grips my hand, preventing me for working him any further. "No more," he tells me, though it's clear by the look on his face that he wants to continue. But instead he rolls me back over on my back, and, kissing me senseless, pushes into me, filling me up completely. It doesn't hurt like it did yesterday, and I feel my breath hitch in my throat at the sensation. Peeta begins moving in a slow rhythm, rocking gently but steadily against me as he pulls out, then pushes in again. My arms are around his neck as he continues kissing me, each one slow and deliberate and full of passion. Between them, he just looks me in the eyes as he moves in me. I almost feel shy as I gaze back up at him; he's looking so intently at me. I'm even surprised to realize how much noise I'm making, tiny moans and whimpers escaping my lips involuntarily. I'm just beginning to think I may be working towards that release he mentioned yesterday, when Peeta completely surprises me by flipping us over so that I'm now on top of him. He's leaned himself a little against the wall in this position so that he's half sitting up. I look at him in confusion, but feel his hands slide up my sides and hold me. "Ride me, Katniss," he murmurs. I know I must look more bewildered than ever, but his head nods down to where we're still connected, and understanding dawns on me. Only I'm not at all sure how to do this. I give him a pleading look, but he only chuckles at me. "Try it," he says. So I do. Working carefully, I move myself so that I raise myself off his manhood, then sink back down onto it. I let out a gasp out how deeply he touches inside of me in this position, and have to grab onto the sheet of the bed to steady myself. Peeta is grinning up at me with a knowing look; he raises a hand to stroke my hair out of my face. After I've taken a moment to gather myself, I try it again, and this time Peeta ends up letting out a groan in unison with my own. I continue, relishing the sensation of him deep inside me, hitting every little spot just right. Faster and faster I go as I work up my courage, while Peeta holds me steady with one hand and begins rubbing on my clitoris with the other, which in turn only causes me to pick up speed. I'm panting now, and our combined moans and whimpers have grown so loud that we would surely be caught if anyone else were in the house with us. At last, I can feel myself begin to tense. I bare down on him as I feel like I'm bursting, the sensation of myself clamping around him only adding to the shaking that has overcome my body. When at last I feel as if I've returned to earth, I look down, feeling somewhat embarrassed, at Peeta who is only grinning up at me in a daze. I feel as though my entire body has gone