"Does that feel good?" Peeta asks as he shifts his weight and begins rubbing a place between my legs. I nod up at him. "Yes," I say. He moves in a rhythmic motion that he matches his fingers in time with. Above me, he smiles down shyly when his blue eyes meet mine. "Do you think you might... you know?" he asks. "I don't know," I frown. "Can you..." I drop my eyes pointedly to my chest. Peeta understands what I'm hinting at, and moves to take a breast in his hand, kneading it in just the way he knows I like. My eyes float closed of their own accord, and I let a long breath out through my nose, smiling just a little. "Katniss." My eyes snap open, and I see that telling look on his face. The one that says he's about to... finish. I nod, and he gives a few more jagged thrusts before I feel the tell-tale sign of him twitching inside me. He tenses and lets go, allowing his body to rest on mine for a minute while he composes himself. When he does, he turns his head and gives me a kiss, stroking my hair back gently with his hand. "How did that feel?" he asks me. "It felt good," I say. His eyes glance down to my nether regions. "Do you think you might be able to... you know. Finish this time? If we keep going?" I shrug. "It's worth a try, I guess." Peeta nods, and his hand dips back down between my legs, working on the same spot he had previously. And it feels good, I can't lie. But... I don't seem able to reach that same peak that seems so easy for him. "It's okay, Peeta," I tell him finally. He looks into my eyes, concerned. "Are you sure?" he asks. "I'm sure," I nod. "It felt good. Really." "But not enough to get you there." "I don't mind," I say. He doesn't look convinced, but he settles onto his back, pulling me over with him. I lay my head down on his chest while he softly strokes my hair. "But it does feel good, right? I'm not hurting you, am I?" he asks. "No," I smile. "It feels great." He grins at this, and I feel the tension in his hand relax a little as he rakes his through my hair. After a moment, I lean up on my arm; give him a kiss. "I'll be right back," I tell him. He frowns in mock disappointment. "Leaving so soon? Do you have to?" "According to my mother, I do. And thanks for reminding me of that conversation," I say as I push back the covers and swing my legs over the side of the bed to stand. A part of me is tempted to cover, but what for? Peeta has seen it all at this point. I hear him laughing from behind me. "She's just looking after you, you know," he says. Of course I know. But that didn't make the conversation any less awkward the day she decided to give me tips on practicing safe sex. One of those tips included the instruction to make sure I use the bathroom after each time, in order to avoid something called a UTI. I cringed at the time, more embarrassed than I think I had ever felt in my life that she was having this conversation with me. The funny part about it was that Peeta and I hadn't even done anything yet. My mother just assumed when I told her we were growing back together again that we were having sex. I suppose it was inevitable when we eventually did. And, as painfully embarrassing as it was to acknowledge my mother's instincts weren't all that off about us, I took her advice to heart. I don't bother turning on the light as I enter the darkened bathroom, since I can practically find my way around it blind by now. I reach where I know the toilet should be, and lower myself down. To my complete surprise, I find myself falling where the seat should be, and land in the cold puddle of water in the toilet bowl. "Peeta!" I shout. I can hear him laughing from the bedroom. "It's not funny!" I shoot back quickly as I pick myself up, reaching around in the dark for a towel to dry myself off with. After I find one, I finish the task I went in there for in the first place, then march back into the bedroom, where Peeta fails to hide a grin at the sight of me. "Why didn't you put the toilet seat down?" I demand. "Sorry, Katniss," he laughs. "I forgot." "You forgot?" I scowl at him. He shrugs at me. "I grew up in a house with three boys, remember? I'm not used to living with a girl." I sigh, picking up the blanket and scooting in next to him. "Move over," I tell him, and he obeys. "It wasn't funny," I repeat. "Okay," he says, though I can still hear the laughter in his voice. He kisses my shoulder. "I'm sorry for laughing. And for leaving the toilet seat up. Will you forgive me?" "No," I say. But he just laughs, and buries his face in my neck, kissing it in places where he knows I'm ticklish until I'm laughing, too. He tugs on me, urging me to turn over so that I face him. Then he wraps his arms around me and kisses me. "I love you," he says. I smile at him, tracing the outline of his jaw with my fingers. He looks at me, grinning a little and his eyebrows raised. He thinks I'm not going to say it. "I love you, too," I tell him. He just smiles at me. Then he reaches his arm behind him; turns off the light. "G'night," he says, pressing a kiss to my forehead. I grin, even though I know he can't see me, then settle down into the comforting warmth of his arms and slip off into sleep. "Where did you put the frying pan?" I ask as I open one door after another in search of it. "Bottom cabinet on the left," Peeta responds. I frown as I bend over to retrieve it. "Why'd you put it there?" I ask. Peeta shrugs. "That's where it fit." "It goes over here," I tell him, motioning to the cabinet across the way. "Why would you put it there?" "I told you. That's where it fit. And that's where I put it in my house." "Well, I keep it here," I say as I put it back in its proper spot. Then I pull it back out, because I remember I was originally supposed to cook with it. "Okay," Peeta says, a mixture of amusement and exasperation on his face. We sit down to dinner some time later, a meal of dandelion salad and fried groosling. We're quiet as we pick at the food on our plates, but it's a comfortable kind of quiet. Peeta asks me a few questions about my day, but keeps it at a minimum because he knows I hate small talk. Finally, as he's scooping up the last bits of groosling onto his fork, he glances up to me. "I talked to Dr. Aurelius today," he says. I raise my eyebrows at him. "How'd it go?" I ask. He shrugs, looking indifferent. "Okay, I guess." "What'd you talk about?" I ask. Peeta shrugs. "A lot of things. Nothing big," he glances up at me. I nod, and take a drink of my water. "Did you tell him about your episode last week?" I ask. "Yeah," he says, looking down at his plate. "And?" "And the usual," he says. "Told me to keep taking my medicine, to keep holding on to something to tether me to reality until they end." I nod. There isn't really much more they can do for him, but each time neither of us can help hoping a break through was found for him. But I guess it doesn't matter, because even despite the hijacking, Peeta and I have grown back together. We try again that night. Being with Peeta is wonderful in a way I was never able to imagine until I actually experienced it myself. Growing up in the Seam, I never had time to think about sex. No, that's not true - I never wanted to think about sex. I didn't want to have it with anyone, ever, just like I didn't want to fall in love or get married. Or have children. Only one of those is still true today. But I was not like the other kids, who whispered rumors in school over who was sleeping with who. I never understood it; why anyone would want to risk putting themselves at the mercy of the reaping over something as foolish as sex. Only now I'm having it myself, with Peeta. And at last I understand. Even if I'm not finishing. Which I still don't tonight. I'm curled up with him after, still naked, our patchwork skin blending together as we hold each other. "Maybe I'm just not meant to," I say. "You're meant to," he tells me. "We all are." "But maybe I'm not," I insist. "If I can't do it. Maybe it's not important. It still feels good." Peeta studies me for a minute. "Katniss... don't get mad, but I talked to Dr. Aurelius about this today..." "What?" I bolt up and turn to look at him. Surely he has to be joking, right? Peeta sighs. "I didn't mean to. It was when he was talking to me about my episode. He asked me if we were... you know... sexually active." "And you told him we were?" I ask in disbelief. "I had to, Katniss. I have to tell him anything that could potentially set me off emotionally. And sex with you... well, you know I love it more than anything, ever. But if we were to do it on the wrong night, or we were to do something that were to set off something in my mind..." "So you're saying it's dangerous to be with me." "Yeah," he says simply. "And I'm saying I love you even more than you are a risk to me. That's why I need to learn how to control this." I bury my face in my arms and let out a loud sigh. "So what did Dr. Aurelius say?" I ask. "Well... he said that if you're having trouble... getting to the end... then maybe you should try practicing on your own." "What?" I look at him in shock. Peeta shrugs. "He says maybe doing it alone would take some of the pressure off you. You can figure out how you like it, and then..." he gulps. "And then show me." "I can't believe you had this conversation with him," I snarl, and flop down on the bed with my back turned towards him, tugging my share of the blanket around me. I'm so utterly mortified at the thought of Peeta discussing me like that with someone else that I barely want to sleep in the same bed as him, let alone look at him. Maybe I'll even go sleep in one of the other rooms. Or better yet, make him go back to his house. "Don't be mad, Katniss," he pleads with me. "Please, just... consider it?" "What does it matter to you, anyway, if I finish during sex or not?" "Everything," he says. "Katniss, don't you get it? That's what I'm trying to do when we're together. It means nothing to me if I'm the only one getting off. I can do that by myself!" I'm quiet as I think this over. "Have you?" I finally ask. "Have I what?" "What you said," I respond. "Have you... ever done it yourself?" "Well, yeah,"