"I wanna hide the truth I wanna shelter you But with the beast inside There's nowhere we can hide... Don't get too close It's dark inside It's where my demons hide" The sun was slowly setting, it was twilight now and Seattle was about to enter its nighttime festivities. In the distance, I could hear the noises of the city: cars, small chatter, and jazz music coming from the little chain of café. It was a cold Friday night and people were meeting up their friends, making good memories and living in the moment. But not me. I've decided long ago that I can't do anything enjoyable without the demons inside me snarling. The wind whipped around my still body, but I didn't care about the bitter cold. It was nothing compared to the coldness of my heart. A guilty conscience tends to take a toll on you. I looked down in front me; the rough waves were beating against the sharp rocks and returned back to the vast ocean only to repeat the process. Call me insane but the ocean looked very comforting. It was as if it were tempting me to come closer so it can protect me from earthy evils. But, that was a lie. The ocean was anything but welcoming. However, I subconsciously took a step forward so I was right on the edge. My hands were clenched and eyes closed. I hadn't plan to take this approach. I took a walk for some fresh air and suddenly, the ocean invited me into her grasp. It would be so simple, truly the easiest way to end the constant pain and guilt. Just one more step... "Beautiful view, isn't it?" a voice said. I let out a breath I hadn't realize I was holding. Leave it to fate to ruin my one chance to end it all. I turned around and it was just like in the movies. It seemed like a slow and dramatic motion, as if I was meeting my soulmate for the first time. In front of me was a petite brunette. Her long brown hair was in a braid, tied together with a white ribbon. She was all bundled up in winter attire: gloves, scarf, and earmuffs. She looked like a little Eskimo. And in all honestly, she was gorgeous in a natural and innocent looking way. I internally laughed to myself; there's no way she could be my soul mate. But, she was smiling at me and for a second, I thought she had mistaken me for someone else. No one has really ever talked to me since the incident. I turned back to the water and didn't say anything. She'll go away. They all do. I heard the footsteps I was expecting. This wasn't anything new. But then, she appeared from my left side, surprising me yet again. "Isn't the ocean so neat? The water stretches as far as you can see, to the horizon. It changes color with the light and the color of the sky, from green to blue to gray. At twilight, you can't tell the ocean from the sky. Ripples and waves continuously flow toward you, eventually break into foam, and slide back." Then she closed her eyes and looked up. "There is a smell of saltwater in the air, a scent like no other." I stared blankly at her, baffled. Seriously, who is this girl? Does she not realize I'm a stranger? "I'm Bella Swan. There! We're not strangers anymore." Shit, did I say that out loud? Bella laughed, "Yes, you did. You're not very good at concealing your thoughts, you know." I turned to actually look at her this time and up close, she was very pretty. She had big brown eyes and a few freckles dotted her cheeks. Facing the soft light of the sun, her browns eyes were lighter and it made her look like an angel. Pure and fragile. There was a charm and radiance to her expression. Something I'm sure I was lacking. "I apologize... I'm not accustomed to talking to people. I tend to keep to myself." "I can tell. I was just walking down to Watermark Café when I saw you. It kind of seemed like you were stressed about something, so I thought you might need some cheering up." I shook my head. Many people had try to cheer me up, but I knew that they all secretly blamed me. "That's really nice of you Bella, but I'm afraid that's just not possible. It's really compl-" She cut me off by putting a finger to my lips. "Before you go off alone again, let me tell you that I'm not finished." "Excuse me?" "I mean that there are many ways to make someone happy! It doesn't just have to be one thing, but multiple." I was speechless, "I... uh..." "Shhhh..." Bella grabbed my arm and dragged me in the direction of the small chain of cafés. "You're going to get some coffee with me and act like we're discussing philosophical stuff." I didn't resist, but let her lead me. I guess I was too shocked that someone had made more than one attempt to bring me happiness. Most people think that by trying to me make feel better once, they were done trying. But not this stranger. Not Bella. A few minutes later, we were in front of Watermark Café. It was small and quaint brick building with white lights lining the glass windows. The door opened and I could smell the coffee inside brewing along with pastries. Soft classical music that I immediately recognized as Debussy was playing in the background. I felt a few specks of water drop on my head and I knew that another wave of rain was about to hit Seattle. "Don't just stand there!" Bella said, as she shoved me inside. "I know this place like the back of my hand, so I'll hook you up with the best drinks." Bookshelves lined the brick walls with wore out beanie chairs beside them. The walls consisted of rock and roll vinyl records and posters from the 1950's. A few booths and small tables were occupied by people sipping coffee with their friends, laptop, or book. Overall, this place had a warm and cozy feel to it and I suddenly regret never entering a café ever since I moved to Seattle. Bella walked over to a guy behind the counter and he gave her a bear crushing hug, easily lifting her off her feet. He was tall and buff, with curly brown hair. She laughed and demanded that he put her down. An emotion surged through me, one I haven't felt in years. Jealously. I had known Bella for only ten minutes yet something drew me towards her and seeing her with this guy made me realize that a beautiful girl like her must have a boyfriend. He looked over at me. "Who's your friend there, Bells?" "Oh! Uh... I don't think I know your name." I cleared my throat. "I'm Edward. Edward Cullen." "Edward, huh? Who are you really and what are your intentions with Bella?" he questioned skeptically. He said it with an intimidating voice that it struck me into silence. Bella came to my rescue. "Oh stop it! I invited him here because I feel like having new company." "So, you're saying I'm not good enough company for you?" he asked, his playfulness coming out for her. "Of course you are. But I'd like not to do something illegal for once," she said. "Anyway, I'd like two of your finest drinks please." She motioned for me to follow her over to a booth in the corner and I sat down across from her. Outside the window, people were bustling about the streets with their umbrellas, even though the rain fall had lowered down a notch. It was ironic that I still loved the rain, given that the accident had happened because of it. No. The accident happened because of me. "Sorry about Emmett," Bella interrupted my thoughts, "he's sort of like an older brother to me, so he's a bit protective." "It's no problem. Do you work here as well?" "No, I actually own it." "That would've been nice to know," I muttered. She laughed as she removed her winter attire and then leaned across the table towards me. "I don't like beating around the bush with pleasantries. So, what's your story, Edward Cullen?" "My story?" "Yup. Everyone has a story and I'm interested to know yours." "Why?" Bella started twirling her thumbs. "Well, honestly, when I first saw you from behind, I thought you had the most amazing hair ever. It was so bronze and vibrant and sexily messy, so I had to know if your face was as amazing as that." I felt my cheeks warming up. She found me attractive? That's a first. "But, the serious answer was that it really looked like you were having an internal battle with something. And believe me, I know the feeling and it's horrible. Then, I saw you inch closer to the ocean and I knew that you were contemplating if you should jump or not." She looked down at her lap and then back up, her doe eyes sad. "I'm not one to talk to strangers, but something about you intrigued me and I couldn't let you kill yourself either. All I could think was what a waste it would be if you were gone. You could've been someone I got to know better and then who knows? Maybe we'll be making babies someday." Something I've learned from my short time with Bella is that she always has something up her sleeve to shock me. I couldn't disguise my surprise this time. "Pardon?" "Oh, it's just an example. What I'm saying is that you are someone who can maybe one day be my best friend or lover and I'll never find out if I don't talk to you. So, I did and here we are!" I smiled for the first time in months and shook my head. Bella was truly someone who cared for others. She had a loving and compassionate spirit. "Thank you, Bella. Really, I mean it. No one has ever approached me like you have tonight." Thank you for saving me. A faint pink reached her cheeks. "It's no problem, Edward." Right on cue, a waitress walked over with two steaming cups of coffee. She was rather tall and had her long blond hair in a ponytail. Blondie immediately gave off the impression of fierce and intimidating. "Here you go, Bella. Two cups of the world's finest coffee." "Thanks, Rose. Are you and Em going out tonight?" Blondie gave a small yawn and said, "Yeah, we'll be hitting the bar, but I can't have any drinks. Gotta keep the baby sober and heathy." She patted her stomach lightly, the action very soft and tender. She was pregnant? And with that big guy, Emmett? God, I've been so isolated from society that I forgot these things even happen. "It's only been three months," Bella said. "Yeah well, you've never been pregnant and it's a tough trip for the full nine months." Then, her eyes scrutinized my face. "Emmett told me you got a new boy toy?" Bella groaned and said to me, "I'm really sorry, Edward. Emmett deserves a few swift kicks in the balls right now." "I'd be happy to give them to him. He needs to cut you some slack." Bella shook her head. "I know. He just doesn't trust me to make good choices. Can't blame him though." Blondie patted her shoulder and whispered, "I'll try to get him drunk and talk some sense into him." She winked and walked away to another table. I quirked my eyebrow. "So, you haven't been making good choices?" "See? Now, this is what I'm saying about everyone having a different story. But, I can tell that you're hesitant