i. Cho calls Marietta during the divorce. The reasons behind her decision are complicated - more of a gut feeling than any sense of reason or logic - a nostalgia, perhaps, for a girl that she faded out of touch with ten or so years ago. Cho has friends now. She has a giggling band of teachers from the muggle school where she works. They have a book club. They make it seem like she belongs. She thinks that if she had called them - any one of them - she wouldn't have known what to say. When she calls Marietta, she tells her that she's sorry. It's her opening statement, her plea to the jury. The voice that comes back is ten years older than Cho remembers, more wearied and more hassled, short and abrupt and very nearly uncaring. The words that tumble out of Cho's mouth are unbidden and unplanned. She says that she misses her. She says that it's her fault. She says that she needs a friend and that she thinks Marietta might know how to be one, even after all these years have come and gone. Marietta's sigh is audible over the crackling phone line. It occurs to Cho how strangely muggle this must all seem to her, communication without owls or fires or even wands. Marietta's phone was installed something like four years ago - Cho remembers - marked by a letter that said "call if you need me" and a string of digits. It's the first time she's ever dialled the number. She wonders how many times Marietta has had to use it. "I'll be there in an hour," Marietta says and the line disconnects. ii. It's disconcerting, not having Daniel around. When he took his things (last week he came round to collect them, he looked her in the eyes and didn't say a word) he took half the house with him. It feels like he took half of her identity. Her shelves are bare. Without his photographs she can see the old stains that are only just beginning to fade. Only one side of the bed has been slept in for a month. Cho has just started to notice how loudly the clock ticks at night. When Marietta arrives, Cho pours her some cheap wine and sits on - what used to be - his side of the sofa. She thinks it might be too forward for someone she hasn't seen in so long, that it might be too emotional. If it is, Marietta doesn't say anything of it. She fills a glass with water instead and takes a humble place upon the ratty old armchair in the corner. "I don't drink," she tells Cho without much further explanation, "not anymore." Cho doesn't respond. When she squints, she can still see the scars on Marietta's face, the remnants of what Hermione Granger did to a scared little girl. Marietta's face has that kind of teenage anxiety to it, the hot pink in her cheeks, the curls of doubt around her eyes. "Do you miss him?" Cho wants to yell that he's alive, that this isn't like Cedric. He's not her dead teenaged sweetheart. If she missed him, she could call him. This time around, it was his choice to leave, his choice to leave her. She says none of this. Her voice is quiet and raspy when she finally speaks, a sad smile playing around her lips. "I miss being loved." She knows that he loved her. She could feel it when he kissed her, that sort of tremor in her bones. She thinks it went away. She thinks everything goes away. "I remember it so clearly," Marietta is soft and distant, as unattainable as ever, "the war, I mean." Her fingers play with a reddish curl that rests lightly upon her shoulder, winding and unwinding it into the joints of her hand. "I never felt like I belonged anywhere." "I don't understand," Cho begins, but something swallows up her sentence and leaves it fractured. Marietta's eyes are in some faraway place - watery and unclear, drifting and breaking off into pieces - and not the room in which she is present. "I don't either," she answers, strangely fragile all of a sudden, "not really at all." iii. It is a crisp February morning but the sun beats down on them still, their solitary warmth among the chill of the air and the fog. The park is a subtle kind of green - not bright and striking like Cho knows it to be in summer - and she thinks there might be an absence to it, in all of its tranquility. It occurs to Cho briefly that she could sling her hand through Marietta's - they look cold, with all of their tremors - but she tidies away the thought neatly, leaves it unmarked and unwanted. Cho likes predictability. She likes wand patterns and times tables. The world can be so catastrophically spontaneous. She thinks it's good to have some order in there, some carefully shaped routine. Daniel wanted self-discovery. He wanted a squealing two year old, nappies to change and a lesson on fatherhood. He wanted to be the family man, the role model, the sitcom parent. Daniel wanted everything and more at his fingertips. Cho didn't get pregnant. She kept on not getting pregnant. Things started to fall apart. "I saw it coming," she admits to Marietta now, coffee gripped tightly in her left hand, "I saw it coming and it kept coming but I couldn't stop it." Marietta is silent for a while. Cho supposes that she doesn't know what to say. "I think you'll be okay," she decides upon finally, corners of her mouth turned down flatly, fingers resting on the matt green fabric of her scarf, "in the end, I mean." There is a screech of wheels somewhere in the distance. The pigeons perched upon the old oak tree coo and flutter off in the opposite direction. Cho watches them in their flight, trying to remember the last time she was on a broomstick. "I'll never really get used to it," Marietta admits, feet dragging on the wet leaves below them, "all this muggle stuff, I mean. We brought in this thing at the Ministry - it boils water all by itself - and we try and use it for the tea but I've not quite got the hang of it." Cho doesn't react to the fact that Marietta is working for the Ministry - she supposes it was inevitable, in a way - only gives a polite chuckle and a small smile in her direction. There is what feels like a long pause - though it is no more than a handful of seconds - before Cho begins again. "Daniel said I was different," she can feel her voice picking up pace here, she tries to slow it down a little, "he said that I wasn't like anyone else. That he liked me because of that." "Because you're a witch?" Marietta raises an eyebrow, sweeping back a handful of reddish-brown hair in one scornful motion. "Does he know that there are like, a million of us? You aren't that special." "Thanks," Cho says, but she really - miraculously - does feel better. "He was a prick," Marietta kicks her foot through the mud and carries on, "that's all there really is to it." Cho thinks that she can see her fingers shake, but reasons that it's probably just the cold. "You're normal, Cho," her eyes flash with realisation that her words could be considered rude and her voice hedges slightly, "I mean - unless you don't want to be - but um - you're a good person. That's what I want to say. That you're a good person." Marietta touches her scars. Cho assumes it's not intentional but subconscious, something deep within her. "We're good people," she amends gently, dark hair falling in front of her face as they try to walk on. iv. Cho doesn't want to be flailing. She wants to be moving on, but her heart isn't quite mended yet. It's still dodgy and out of tune; playing the same few sad notes on an eternal repeat. She wants to forget Daniel. She wants to pretend that he never existed in the first place, that all these memories she has swimming around in the back of her mind are completely devoid of him, that they're still images of her and her alone. She needs him to fade into the background. Cho is getting sick of foreground noise. It's always impossible to think. Marietta stays over some nights. She says that the recovery process is not a straight line. Cho feels like they've had too many things to recover from. Enough for a lifetime. She wishes that - for once - things wouldn't be painful or hard, that all the complexities of life would just wash away. Marietta sleeps in the guest room. She leaves earlier than Cho wakes. "Do you ever think about Cedric?" It's a sad kind of night - where it's dark too early for Spring and the air feels cold but not fresh - and Cho is a sad kind of girl so she brings him up during a lull in conversation, eyes bright and full of something that she can't even place herself. Marietta sighs. Her front teeth dig into the pink flesh of her bottom lip, a frown blossoming across her face. "No," she admits, "I try not to." "I think about him a lot," Cho scrunches up her nose, rubs her eyes with her hand, "I can't remember his face right. I know his eyes and his mouth and his nose but I can't put it all together." "I have a picture," Marietta says gently, "from the Yule Ball, that I took of the two of you. If you want to see, I'll bring it round sometime." "Thanks," Cho's eyes flutter shut briefly and she pretends that they aren't watering. She knows the days off by heart. The war. His death, hidden on the back of her tongue. The birds still sing in May and June, but not like they did when she was a child. Its an annual event. The people at the school always ask her why she's sad and she never quite knows how to reply. They're not how they were as teenagers. Both of them have changed; grown into older and sadder versions of themselves. Cho translates this into two categories: the before and after of her life. Before Cedric. After Cedric. She thinks that might be when it all got so screwed up. "It'll be okay," Marietta nudges her softly, brown eyebrows settling concernedly into the dip of her nose, "and I know that's just something people say, but I think we'll make it through this Cho. I think you'll make it through." "Through where?" Marietta blinks. "I don't know," she admits, the right edge of her lips forming a soft curve, "life, I guess." Almost subconsciously, Cho buries herself in the warm crook of Marietta's arm and attempts to breathe. v. Cho is unprepared for the first time that Marietta kisses her. It's the kind of summer's day that makes them both drowsy and idle, where they exploit the fact that they're witches and end up not doing anything at all. The sun is hot on their backs, the sweat buried underneath their clothes, mouths half-open and eyes half-shut. Cho is rambling and heaving and sighing about the unbearable heat. It goes simply: Marietta rolls over and presses her mouth against Cho's. It's soft and warm, over in only a few seconds, barely enough time for Cho to realise, until she does. She gathers back timidly, unsure of purpose or meaning. "I kind of love you," the words just fall out of Marietta's mouth and she's turning a remarkable shade of pink, but she doesn't stop there, "and I've maybe