A/N: Hello there! I've decided that since there is absolutely no Kushiel's stuff anywhere onthis site, I'm going to put one up anyways. I don't uncerstand how they could not have the best trilogy in the world (Yes it's even better then LOTR) up here. But to make this even better, I've combined it with the next best trilogy. Yes you guessed, LOTR! Of course it inloves Legolas, what would it be without everyones favorite elf. But this does take place after the third book (Kushiel's Avatar) So if any one is reading that series, I would suggest that you read no further for there are some spoilers. For those who really don't care, go ahead and read what's beyond. And if everything seems a bit vague, (As in who the characters are) do not worry, all will become clear in later chapters. Enjoy Anith( Reviews always welcome. Chapter 1 The celebrations were as big and grand as always. The coming of the Cruarch was never dull. But we had already been in the city of Elua for three months, and it was time to go home. After making all the necessary arrangements, and a final visit with Ysandre and Drustan, we were off. Imriel not wanting to leave just yet, begged to stay. I would do anything for this child, I really would, but it was time we left. I promised we would return soon. But at the moment I was in need of the peace of the country side, I was in need of Montrève. Joscelin was in aggreance, as was Ti-Philippe. So it was on that fateful morning did we gather our things and head towards the gate of the city. The sky was clear and blue. Not a cloud to be seen. Ti-Philippe and Imri rode ahead, while Joscelin stayed behind with me. I glanced at him out of the corner of my eye, to see him in one of those perfect moments. Where the sun is at just the right angle, glinting off his twin daggers that hung at his waist. His wheat gold hair fanned out behind him, for he had not put it back that morning. He had that smile on his face, which told me he was thinking about something that probably had to do with me in bed. Ah, my perfect companion, my Cassiline. Always I have wondered what I would have ever done without him. All those times when death would have taken me. But without even blinking an eye, he would be there. He is the only stable thing in my life. Even from my childhood, things were always uncertain. At first, when I was born with a red mote in my left eye, which marked me as damaged goods. And then when I was sold to Cereus House, and then to my good fortune, I was uncovered by Delaunay. My life then took a turn for the better, but not without its sacrifices, and they were many. "Phèdre." Even my name, is an ill luck name. But Joscelin, my Joscelin, loves me all the same. I turned to him. "Yes?" "I was thinking, maybe we could visit my family on the way home." "Well it's not exactly on the way," I smiled at him," But yes, I think we could manage that." He smiled at me it turn, then turned to face the road once more. Most of the morning passed without incident. We met a few travelers, but that was about all. It was in the middle of a heated discussion between Imriel and Ti-Philippe, that things started to become awkward. My chevalier was insisting that he would only fight Imri with the wooden daggers, while the sweet boy insisted he was skilled enough to start combat training with steel. By now, Imri was thirteen. Every day he trained with Joscelin, and went through the Cassiline movements which my love had taught him. I had to admit that he was beginning too become quite impressive with his skill. But I don't know what I would do should anything happen to him. I would probably clout Ti-Philippe first, then worry my heart over the poor boy. But Imriel had a very strong will. So it might be that he would jump right back up and want to continue were he had left off. But at this moment in their ranting, strange things were abroad. I could sense it in the air. By the way Joscelin stiffened in his saddle, I could tell that he had caught on to it as well. In the distance I could see a bank of clouds that was not there earlier. In Terre d'Ange, storms were not uncommon, but I was not liking the feel of this one. The two squabbling in front didn't notice it at all. Within roughly ten minutes, the storm was all the more closer. Much closer then it should have been. I was not liking this at all. I glanced at Joscelin and could see the same look in his eye. By this time, Imriel and Ti-Philippe had noticed the cloud formation as well. Silence overtook us as we continued to ride forwards. "That doesn't seem natural." Imri said hesitantly. We all agreed. Another five minutes and the storm was almost upon us. By this time I was beginning to think that maybe this was some sort of jest from Hyacinthe. He would come galloping out of the storm to greet us with a smile and Sibeal at his side and this monstrous formation would then disappear in an instant. But they would have arrived with the Cruarch of Alba. And my oldest friend would have sent word before hand that he was coming. But then again... As we were about to enter the storm, all of us pulled our cloaks tighter around ourselves. Just as I finished pulling my hood over my head, the rain hit. it was cold and hard, not at all normal for this time of the year. This was definitely not one of Hyacinthe's games. I threw a worried glance all around, and received the same in return. We moved so that our horses were closer together, the wind threw my hood back, sending freezing water to pour down my neck. It was difficult to bring it back over my head for the wind was becoming stronger by the second. I was beginning to think that we should start to head back, but we were already a four hours ride from the city. It would be best to simply continue through and ride out the storm. But then the lightning started. First it struck the ground in front of us, leaving a scorch mark in the road. We pushed the horses as hard as we dared in order to get through this battle field. Lightning continued to rain down, followed by deafening claps of thunder. There have only been a number of times when I have been truly frightened, now was one of them. All our horses were pressed against each other in fear as we continued to press them forward. I could see no end to this. We were riding in pure madness. Without warning, a white lightning bolted shot out from the sky, Landing on the four of us. I remember being able to move still. I reached for Joscelin and Imriel at the same time. All around was this amazingly bright light, that surrounded us as if we were inside a sphere. I could see the look on the others faces, all of them were filled with terror. I'm sure mine was no different. This was something none of us could explain, none of us could stop, none of us could control. A second, third and fourth lightening bolt came to join the first and surrounded us with an even brighter light, if that were possible. I felt no pain, for the lights from the sky were not actually hitting us. They only surrounded. In the time all this took, I never even brushed what I was reaching for. In an instant, everything was gone. Only the white light was left. But now I began to feel the searing pain. When I think all that I had gone through before this, none of it adds up to what I felt at that moment. I could not close my eyes, I could not scream, I could not even open my mouth to scream. I was paralyzed by the pain. And I was one who found pain the same as pleasure. That is the way of an anguissette. But this, this was simply too much. I do not know how long it lasted, I do not know how long I stayed in that state, it could have been for only a second, it could have been for a year. But I do know that when it did stop, it was a blessing. The only thing I remember besides the pain dissipating, was that I was laying on the ground with a cool mist falling upon me, and then I fell into a dreamless sleep. **************************************************************************** ** When I awoke, I was still paralyzed. I still could not open my eyes, or move any other part of me by a fraction. But I could feel the sun on my face. At least the storm was over. I do not remember how long it was until I could open my eyes. But once I did manage to do that, I closed them immediately, for the sun was much to strong. It reminded me of the lightning. I could hear birds and the rustling of leaves when a soft breeze came by. All these things would indicate that I would be in a forest, and if I remembered correctly, I was on a road in the middle of a grassland the last I checked. I stayed on the ground for the rest of the day, until I could no longer feel the sun on my face. I could move my arms by this time, and my toes. So when I opened my eyes to see trees above me, the first thing I did was try to sit up and get a better look at my new surroundings. This proved more difficult then I counted it being. But once I did get to the desired position, I took my time. The forest I was in was breathtaking. Never had I seen trees such as these, so extremely old, and with leaves I couldn't ever recall seeing before. Vines hung from some of the trees giving them a much more wild look. The ground was covered in leaves, still moist from rain. Their colours ranged from green to gold, to a bright red, one was even such a deep green, it almost looked blue. This was the most amazing place I had ever seen. But where were the others? They were with me before. For that matter, what had happened? I have never heard of something as strange as that which had just happened to me. Was I in the Terre d'Ange that was beyond? Had I already passed the border to the better life? I tried to calm myself quickly, for I was not ready to believe that quite yet. I was only in my mid thirties, and I still had quite a bit planned ahead of me. I would not believe that I had passed yet. Not yet. Slowly during that night, on the damp ground, I regained movement to my other limbs. By the next morning I was able to stand and even take a few jerky steps forward. I was too shocked then to think about sleep, or food for that matter. At that point, all I wanted to do was to find the others. Oh how I wanted to find them, to reassure myself that I had not passed and that they were all still alive. So I picked a direction and