It was September 1st and sunlight streamed through the windows lining the ceiling of Platform 9 3/4. Lily Evans peered at her watch for the millionth time that minute. Knowing the following was inevitable, she gave another pleading look to her sister. Petunia Evans was glaring daggers at the people around her until she shifted her eyes to land on her sister's. Knowing it was her final chance to patch things up, Lily spoke. "Tuney," she began with her childhood nickname, "I'm sorry. So unbelievably sorry! It was just an accident, I'm sure, and I would never let anything like that happen to you if I had known! I–" Petunia scoffed. "It's not about that! You stand there, thinking you're so special going to school to learn and have magic while being around other people just like you!" Lily paused at her sister's words. She thought this was about the incident with Snape. But maybe it was something else, she couldn't tell. "...I'm sorry, Tuney, I'm sorry! Listen–" Lily grabbed Petunia's inching away hand to better make a connection with her. "Maybe, once I'm there, I'll be able to go to Professor Dumbledore and persuade him to change his mind!" Petunia struggled to wrench her hand out of Lily's grip. "I don't–want–to–go!" she exclaimed. "You think I want to go to some stupid castle and learn to be a–a–you think I want to be a–a freak?" she finally spit out. Lily felt her heart breaking; if she wasn't close to tears before, she certainly was now. Petunia finally tugged her hand free. Lily was finally alone. "I'm not a freak. That's a horrible thing to say," she muttered. "That's where you're going," Petunia continued with relish, "A special school for freaks. You and that Snape boy… weirdos, that's what the two of you are. It's good you're being separated from normal people. It's for our safety." As Lily's heart stung more with the cruel words, she looked for her parents. They were both standing a ways away, blissfully unaware of the two of them while they drank in the sights of the exciting wizarding community. She turned back to Petunia, gaining a new strength to defend herself and not be denounced by her sister. "You didn't think it was such a freak's school when you wrote to the Headmaster and begged him to take you." Lily retorted. Petunia's face reddened. "Beg? I didn't beg!" she sputtered. "I saw his reply. It was very kind." "You shouldn't have read–That was was my private–how could you–?" A memory flashed in Lily's mind. She and Snape going into her room one day and finding a Hogwarts letter on her nightstand. They read it as an investigation. Knowing Snape was a few feet away, Lily glanced at her shared secret keeper as a force of habit. Petunia gasped. "That boy found it! You and that boy have been sneaking in my room!" "No, not sneaking! Severus saw that envelope, and he couldn't believe a Muggle could have contacted Hogwarts, that's all! He says there must be wizards working undercover in the postal service who take care of–" "Apparently wizards poke their noses in everywhere!" Petunia exclaimed, her red face replaced to one of pale terror, "Freak!" she finally spat before fleeing to the familiarity of her parents. Lily stood for a moment, trying to gain control of her tears. 'Put on a brave face', she thought, 'Just get on the train.' Lily said goodbye to her parents as they sent her off with words of love and absolute pride for her. Petunia stayed away. The wizard conductor gave the final call for boarding and Lily wasted no time stepping onto the train, desperately needing a compartment to herself for a while. Locating an empty car near the end of the train, she hastily entered and shut the door. Taking the seat nearest to the window, Lily rested her forehead against the cool glass overlooking the packed platform littered with wizard parents, and screeching owls. This is when she finally let her tears fall freely. Why didn't Petunia love her anymore? She probably was a freak. Maybe she was making up her magic ability. It probably wasn't real. Outside the compartment, a group of first year boys blocked the door, shouting and talking excitedly about magic. Lily hated them for no reason. There was a sudden lurch as the train sprung to life. Lily brushed her tears away as the car door opened and someone from the cluster in the corridor poked his head in. A boy with a mess of dark black hair on his head and grey eyes met Lily's green ones. "Hey, mind if we join you?" he asked. Before Lily could respond, the door was opened further, letting three more first years join the boy in taking their seats. Lily found this kind of rude but brushed those thoughts aside, as she would have said yes to him anyway. The grey eyed boy stuck his hand out for Lily to shake. "I'm Sirius by the way," he said confidently. Lily took Sirius' hand. "I'm Lily. Pleased to meet you." By now, the other boys had their attention on Lily. The boy with a slimmer face and brown hair stuck his hand up in an awkward wave. "I'm Remus," he greeted. The boy with a messier head of hair than Sirius flamboyantly stretched across the compartment, extending his hand for Lily to shake. "James Potter," he exclaimed. Shaking James' hand Lily looked to the last boy to introduce himself, who had mousy brown hair and was the shortest of the four. "I'm Peter. Hello," he mumbled sheepishly. James took his hand away abruptly and started ruffling in his school trunk for something. The air was then draped in an unpleasant silence and Lily turned her head to again be leaning against the window. Remus, Peter and Sirius started discussing Quidditch teams which Lily listened halfheartedly, having heard of this briefly from Snape in one of their hang outs. Sirius watched as James rummaged from his trunk. He gasped suddenly at something tucked just out of sight. "What are these?!" he gasped as he lunged for the stack of cards. James looked up to see what had been discovered. He smiled superiorly. "That's only my collection of Chocolate Frog cards. I've gathered them for years and that's not going to stop now that I've got school," Sirius leafed through them excitedly. "There's rare ones in there so don't mess any of them up," James warned. The onlooking Peter choked on air as he studied the deck. "Morgana Le Fey and Herpo the Foul?! How'd you get these?" Peter asked. "I got talent," James bragged. "Stole them off some bloke, more like it," Sirius stared in disbelief. "And, look," James grabbed a second deck from in his trunk. "Mint condition Merlin." James had become a god… In the vaguest of senses. Remus had disappeared some time ago behind a copy of 'How Not To Blow Off Your Fingers On The First Day' by Julius Gummidge. He peered at the door and straightened his back. "Look alive, mates," Remus smiled at the compartment doors as they opened and a cheerful old woman peered in with a welcome, "Anything from the trolley, dears?" "One chocolate cauldron, please," Peter asked politely, handing over the sickles to pay. Sirius fished out a few sickles and knuts and handed them to the lady. "Licorice wand and pumpkin pasties please," he ordered curtly. Remus and James both paid for Chocolate Frogs and Bertie Bott's Every Flavored Beans. When the trolley lady looked to Lily if she wanted anything, she politely refused with a shake of her head. After the compartment door was closed again, comfortable silence started as the boys ate their sweets. These were only fueling the sugar high that soon took over all of them. Sirius and James ended up in a wrestling match, one which Sirius was winning but James wasn't having any of that. Remus and Peter, however, were loudly cackling at the many wrongly drafted players of the Chudley Cannons. Lily stayed with her face towards the window, keeping out of unwanted attention for the moment. Watching the sunny countryside pass, Petunia crept back into focus in Lily's mind. Her sister hated her. There was nothing she could do to change that, no matter what. It was hopeless. Lily faintly heard footsteps stop suddenly outside the compartment. The door swept open and closed and Severus Snape took his seat directly across from her. Glancing at him, she could only imagine what the obvious tear streaks on her face looked like to him. "I don't want to talk to you," Lily said in a constricted tone. "Why not?" was all he could ask. Speaking to Severus made Lily delve back to her problems she wanted to ignore above all others. She took a shuddery breath, "Tuney h–hates me. Because we saw that letter from Dumbledore." "So what?" Severus asked in such genuine nonchalant that made Lily angry. She glared at him. "So she's my sister!" she snapped at him. Lily wiped her cheeks with the back of her hand, careful to not give telltale signs of crying from the other people in the carriage with them. Severus said something else, but Lily didn't want to hear any defense from him. "But we're going!" Severus pointed out to her. "This is it! We're off to Hogwarts!" his excitement was impossible to ignore and it got an optimistic look from Lily despite her awful mood. Severus saw that slight change and relaxed, glad to be free of the tension between them. "You'd better be in Slytherin," he added with a new confidence in him. When that comment reached the ears of the others in the compartment, the James boy swiveled around to give it full attention. "Who wants to be in Slytherin? I think I'd leave, wouldn't you?" he asked the question to Sirius across from him. "My whole family have been in Slytherin," Sirius replied with no smile reaching his face. "Blimey, and I thought you seemed all right!" "Maybe I'll break the tradition," Sirius smiled at the idea. "Where are you heading, if you've got the choice?" James answered by raising an invisible sword heroically in victory. "'Gryffindor, where dwell the brave at heart!' Like my dad." Severus scoffed slightly which made James turn on him. "Got a problem with that?" he demanded. "No," he answered with a noticeable sneer that said otherwise, "If you'd rather be brawny than brainy-" "Where're you hoping to go, seeing as you're neither?" Sirius slyly asked. James let out a howl of laughter which was the cue for Lily to leave the compartment with Severus. She stood up and glared at James and Sirius who were laughing with the other two of their entourage. "Come on, Severus, let's find another compartment." she said hotly. "Oooooooooo…" James and Sirius drawled in high voices, imitating Lily. James stuck out his leg to trip Severus on his way out. Before the compartment could close, Peter suddenly called out, "See ya, Snivellus!" with an air of confidence. Lily slammed the doors shut on the boys and laughter erupted from inside. "So. Where's your seat?" she asked Severus. "Just follow me." The two ended up in a carriage with a couple of Ravenclaws. After idle small talk, Lily and Severus sat comfortably in each other's company. The train ride from that point was pleasant as the thought of the terrible group of boys was pushed away as the excitement of the new year flooded the mind. When Lily changed into her school robes, it was dark outside and Hogwarts could be seen faintly in the distance. The Hogwarts Express was rushing over grassy fields freshly dewed from mid-day showers so it sparkled extravagantly in the moonlight, replacing Lily's nervousness with pure astonishment. The train came to a stop and Severus and Lily stepped onto the