A/N: Missing scene from Deathly Hallows when Hermione destroys the horcrux. All feedback is appreciated! Thanks for reading. Disclaimer: All characters belong to JK Rowling. There are a few quotes near the end that were taken directly from the book, and I've marked them with italics. "Even if we find the other Horcrux, how are we going to get rid of it?" Hermione asked Ron, her brow furrowed in concentration as she wracked her brains for a solution. "We still haven't even got rid of the cup," she pointed out unnecessarily. Ron knew she was right. But what could they do? They didn't have the sword of Gryffindor, and without its basilisk venom… Suddenly he had an idea. "Hermione!" Ron shouted, "I know what we can do!" Hermione looked up at him in surprise. "What do you mean?" she asked. "Follow me," Ron said, quickly leading the way out of the Room of Requirement. As Hermione began to follow Ron down the long hallway, she asked, "Where are we going?" Ron turned to her and took her hand. "Do you trust me?" he asked. "Of course, but— " "Just wait," he said, cutting her off as he continued walking briskly down the hall, "You'll see." She followed him in silence as they descended the staircase hurriedly and turned down another corridor onto the second floor. When he began to pull her into the girls' bathroom, she hesitated, a question on her lips. Ron, still retaining her hand, paused also and looked back at her. "Come on," he said, tugging her through the doorway. She relented, closing her mouth as she followed him in. When they got to the sink he finally stopped to explain. "We need basilisk venom to destroy the Horcrux, right?" "Yes…" Hermione said slowly. "Well," Ron continued, "there's still a basilisk down in the Chamber. Best part is it's already dead, so all we need to do is grab some of its fangs and we're set." Hermione still looked perplexed. She crossed her arms, staring up at him with a small wrinkle between her eyebrows. "Right," she said, "but, Ron, I think you're forgetting that we'd need to get into the Chamber first. And neither of us is a Parselmouth. We'll need Harry to open it." "Not necessarily," he said. "I think I can do it." "Do what?" said Hermione, not understanding. "Open the Chamber," said Ron. Hermione raised her eyebrows. "Ron…" "Hang on," he said, "Just give me a minute." She waited silently as he approached the sink, staring at the emblem of a snake carved into the tap. Ron began mumbling to himself, making odd strangled hissing sounds. Hermione was at a loss, not really sure what his plan was and even less sure that it would work. All she could do was watch and listen as his voice grew louder and more certain. As Ron made a strange combination of hisses and rasping sounds in the back of his throat, a grating noise suddenly issued from the sink. Hermione jumped at the sound, her eyes wide, arms dropping to her side as she watched the tap begin to glow, spinning as the sink slid down, revealing the large open pipe that was the entrance to the Chamber of Secrets. Ron tapped a finger under her chin, closing her mouth, which had fallen open in astonishment. He grinned down at her. "You were saying?" "Ron…that was…" Hermione faltered as she looked up at him, clearly impressed. Ron chuckled. "Hermione Granger at a loss for words," he teased, "That's got to be a first." "How did you do that?" she asked. Ron's ears turned a bit pink as she continued to gaze at him in open admiration. "It wasn't that hard. I heard Harry do it with the locket and I just…imitated the sound," he said, shrugging. "You're brilliant," Hermione said, causing the pink tinge of his ears to deepen into a burning red. He turned away to hide his pleased smile as he said, "Come on. We've still got to go find the bloody thing." Ron led the way, climbing into the pipe and glancing back at Hermione as he sat on the edge, before pushing off to slide down into the Chamber. Hermione immediately followed, sliding down the pipe for several long seconds before landing with a thud at the bottom. "Ow," said Ron as she landed on him. Hermione quickly scrambled to her feet, mumbling an apology. She pulled out her wand, muttering, " Lumos." "S'alright," he said, climbing to his feet and looking around. "Where do we go?" she asked him. "It should be down here a little ways," he replied. They both kept their wands out, Hermione's illuminating the way, as they proceeded towards the chamber. Hermione followed Ron down the dark, damp corridor, listening to the sound of their footsteps echoing against the stone walls. It felt a bit eerie being down there in the silence of the underground tunnel. The light of her wand cast strange shadows against the walls, playing tricks on her eyes and causing her to feel a bit jumpy. She was glad Ron was with her; even more glad that he was walking in front of her and so couldn't see when she startled at the strange images she imagined she saw. As they passed by a crumbling, translucent skin suspended in the form of a large snake, Ron heard a sharp intake of breath. He glanced behind him at Hermione. Her face looked pale in the glow of her wand, the light reflected in her wide eyes as her mouth was set into a firm line. An image suddenly flashed through his mind of Hermione's face as he was dragged away from her at Malfoy Manor and he instinctively reached out for her, grasping her hand in his. "There's nothing down here anymore, you know," he told her. "I know," Hermione said quickly, her voice a little too high. Ron said nothing more, simply lacing his fingers through hers as he walked on. Every now and then he threw a glance back over his shoulder to make sure she was okay. Hermione felt a warmth tingling in her palm as it pressed against his, spreading up her arm and eventually causing her whole body to relax just a bit. After walking for a bit, they eventually came to a wall carved with two entwined serpents. They halted before it, Hermione looking up at Ron expectantly. He cleared his throat before repeating the strangled hissing sounds he'd been making earlier. This time he got it right much more quickly as the wall immediately split into two halves, sliding open before them to reveal the room beyond. Ron's eyes slid over to Hermione, a lopsided grin on his face as she beamed up at him. They stepped slowly into the long chamber and looked around. As they walked further inside, Hermione's hand tightened on Ron's at the sight of the dead basilisk lying on the ground before them. But, it was she who approached first, releasing his hand as she stepped towards it. She looked up at the long, curved fangs hanging from its open mouth. "How do we…" she asked. Ron tucked his wand into his pocket before reaching up to grasp a fang firmly in both hands. He gave it a forceful tug, stumbling back a bit as, with a crack, it was wrenched from the jaws of the basilisk. "Well, that was simple," said Hermione, reaching into her bag for the cup of Helga Hufflepuff. "Here," she said as she held it out towards Ron. But, he didn't take it. "You should do it," said Ron as he, in turn, held out the basilisk fang towards her. Hermione looked startled. "I – I can't – I don't –" she stammered, her arm outstretched as though still waiting for him to take the cup from her. Ron put his hand on her shoulder, bringing his face close to hers as he looked her in the eye. "Yes, you can, Hermione. And I think you should be the one to do it," he said firmly. There was a pause as she stood unmoving, her eyes locked with his for a long moment before finally lowering the arm holding the cup. She took a deep breath and reached for the basilisk fang, taking it from him and staring down to where it weighed heavily in her palm. "Okay," she said and took a few steps toward the center of the room before setting the cup down on the stone ground. Kneeling before it, Hermione looked down at the cup, tightening her fingers around the fang as she lifted her arm. She took a deep breath and brought her fist down, squeezing her eyes shut as the fang stabbed through the air and crashed into something solid. Opening her eyes, she saw the weapon's point resting on the ground beside the cup. She'd missed. She heard Ron's chuckle and turned her head towards him. "Next time try aiming for the cup," he said, adding with a grin, "And you might want to keep your eyes open." Hermione gave him a scathing look, opening her mouth to retort, but she never got the chance. Just then, the cup began to vibrate and both pairs of eyes turned back toward it, the smile quickly fading from Ron's face. They both watched nervously as a hazy cloud of light issued from the cup, swirling around the object and expanding until it began to form into distinct images. Hermione sat frozen as figures of her parents materialized in the air above the horcrux. Her eyes grew wide as she watched them frowning down at her. The hologram of her father shook his head, saying, "We are so disappointed in you, Hermione." "How could you do this to us?" cried the image of her mother, "We trusted you. Now we'll never see you again..." Ron watched Hermione trembling on the ground before the horcrux. He saw her lips form the words 'I'm sorry', but no sound issued from her mouth. He stood torn, wanting to help but knowing she needed to do this on her own. "It isn't real," he told her. "Just stab it, Hermione." But, Hermione didn't even seem to hear him as she watched the images of her parents dissipate and shift into several more figures. Ron couldn't help but be surprised as she was suddenly surrounded by the professors of Hogwarts. "You were supposed to be the brightest witch of your age," said Professor McGonagall. "We thought you would amount to something. But, here you dropped out of school to run about the country with two teenage boys, doing what? Destroying horcruxes?" She shook her head sadly. "You wasted an entire year and couldn't even manage to find them all, nearly getting yourself and your friends killed in the attempt." "All those brains came to nothing. She seemed to have such potential," said Professor Flitwick with a sigh. "I always knew there was no real talent in the girl," chimed in Professor Trelawney. Professor Snape sneered, "You couldn't expect much more from a Mudblood." Suddenly the teachers were gone, to be replaced by Harry. "You were supposed to help me, Hermione. I was counting on you. I thought you were smart. But, all you did was chase Ron away and then mope around after he left. We failed because of you." And then the scene shifted and Hermione saw herself standing in the rain, her tears mixing with the water pouring down her face as she called out to Ron. He said nothing, ignoring her cries, but his eyes met hers as he turned and disappeared. Yet again the scene changed and she was faced with a young Hermione, a child with bushy brown hair and large teeth, surrounded by a group of children. A red-haired boy snatched a book from her hand and held it out of