Many thanks to Nilmandra for beta reading this. This story links to one Bodkin wrote using my characters. It's called "In the West" and is posted on Stories of Arda. Happy birthday, Bodkin! The Help of a Friend Elowen thumped a plate of bread and a jar of strawberry jam onto the table in front of Legolas. "Eat," she said. Legolas glanced at Siondel, who sat across the table, gluing together the pieces of a broken earthenware platter. Behind Siondel, a row of rabbits roasted on a spit over the hearth. A drop of fat spattered into the fire. Siondel grinned at Legolas and reached back to give the spit's handle a turn. "When she takes that tone, you should do as she says." Legolas looked up at Elowen, who regarded him with her hands on her hips and her brows lowered. "She does sound a bit like one of the novice masters. Elowen, it will soon be time for the evening meal." "Have you eaten yet today?" she asked. He ran his mind over his day. He had wakened at the cry of the first bird on the maple outside his unshuttered window. Habit had made him listen for a roof-rattling snore from the other room, but night in the cottage was dissolving in the gray light of dawn with just his own quiet breath to disturb it. He had pulled on his clothes and gone out to spend the day wandering the woods, letting the trees provide what balm they could to his weary fëa. Then, as he often did, when the sun had dipped below the treetops, he had come to Elowen and Siondel's cottage and settled down at their kitchen table. He gave Elowen a sheepish smile and reached for the jam. She nodded once. "You will stay and take evening meal with us too." She glanced out the open window to where slate gray clouds scudded before the wind. "I had better bring the laundry in before it rains. Emmelin will be lucky if she reaches home without getting soaked first." She picked up the wicker basket next to the back door and went out into the yard. Legolas spread jam on a slice of bread and took a bite. The summery taste of the jam exploded on his tongue, bringing memories of sitting at Elowen's table in another cottage east of the Sundering Seas. He had no idea how old he was the first time he sat there, but his feet had swung freely well above the floor. "Nobody makes better strawberry jam than Elowen," Siondel said. Legolas smiled. "Annael once accused me of being his friend so his naneth would feed me bread and jam." Siondel's face softened and warmed. He looked away for a moment. "Elowen will be happy when Annael finally joins us here. We all will. Emmelin misses her adar and naneth." He brought his gaze back to Legolas and after a second's hesitation said, "The grief of Gimli's passing weighs heavily on you." "Yes." Siondel fingered a jagged piece of pottery. "You would not have wished him to linger as he was." "No. He welcomed the release." Legolas looked down at his bread. "I suppose I am a bit lonely." "Your family will come." "I know." Siondel turned the pottery piece in his hand and frowned. "Something is wrong here. There does not seem to be a place where this piece will fit. Perhaps I should just throw it out." Legolas laughed and leaned forward to study the broken platter. Through the window drifted the sound of Elowen singing as she unpinned the laundry from the clothesline: Summer leaps into the trees, Winter melts away. Make merry in the woods, my friend, Make glad with each new day. Siondel hummed along, smiling to himself. For a moment, Legolas thought the clouds must have parted to let the sun flow through the window and wash over his face, but then he realized the light came from within. Legolas bent his head and was silent. What had it been like in the Halls of Waiting? Siondel was the first Elf he knew who had returned from there. Would the others be like him? Elowen's voice broke off in a startled cry. Legolas leapt to his feet, grabbed at the empty place on his hip where he no longer wore a sword, and ran out the door into the yard, with Siondel right behind him. Elowen stood near the clothesline, clutching a sheet to her breast. Before her stood a half-grown youth, with dark, untidy braids. He had evidently come on horseback, for a bay mare was nosing at the grass at the end of the yard. The youth turned when Legolas and Siondel erupted from the cottage. Legolas stared at him, mouth agape. "Mae govannen, Siondel," the youth said. He cocked his head to one side. "Legolas?" Legolas took a step toward him, struggling to draw air into his too tight chest. The last time he had seen this youth, the last time… He gave a cry and ran forward to fling his arms around the sturdy shoulders. "Turgon! Turgon! Is that really you?" The youth laughed and pulled free. "I look more like me than you look like you. My naneth told me where your cottage was, and I went there, but it was empty, so I came here." "And I am so glad you did!" Elowen dropped the sheet into the laundry basket and embraced Turgon. Then she put a hand on his back to guide him toward the cottage door. "Come in. I was just feeding bread and jam to Legolas. You might as well join us and have some too." Turgon broke into trot. "That sounds good. My parents arrived only last week, just two days before I was released from the Halls, so of course my naneth has not had time to make jam. They are still unpacking." Siondel picked up the basket and grinned at Legolas. He spoke in a voice low enough that neither Turgon nor Elowen would hear. "Why does it not surprise me that Namo sent Turgon on his way as soon as his parents were here to receive him?" Legolas laughed but never took his eyes from Turgon's back. "His time in the Halls must have changed him, but he sounds the same! And he looks the same! I cannot tell you how happy I am to see him. I have regretted my role in his death from the day it happened, and I have missed Turgon nearly every day since then." Thunder rolled in the distance. Legolas followed Siondel into the cottage to find Turgon already sitting at the table spreading jam on a thick slice of Elowen's bread. He took a large bit, chewed, and moaned. Legolas laughed and sat down across from him. "That was my reaction too." Turgon's grin made Legolas's breath catch in his throat. How long had it been since he had seen that crooked grin? Turgon eyed Legolas, crammed the rest of the piece of bread in his mouth, and then mumbled around it. "I asked my adar where the best place was to swim here, and he said I should ask someone my age, but I cannot find anyone my age." Siondel frowned. "I cannot think of anyone else your age here among us Wood-elves. I have seen them in Tirion, of course." "I know a good place to swim," Legolas said. "I can show you tomorrow." He was no longer Turgon's age, but he suddenly realized he still wanted to be Turgon's friend. I will do better by him this time, he vowed to himself. "I would like that." Turgon looked down again and ran his right forefinger through a puddle of gleaming ruby jam on the rim of his plate. Legolas blinked at the shyly lowered head. Thranduil had always said Turgon was entirely too bold for his own good or Legolas's, but you would not know that looking at him now. He too must feel the change in their relationship. After all, he had left Legolas as a companion with whom he fished and trained and got into trouble. He was probably uncertain of how to act with the adult across the table from him. Rain pattered, then dashed across the yard. A breeze swept in through the window, misting the dishes on the shelves under it. Elowen hurried across the kitchen and reached for the shutters. Turgon turned toward the window and inhaled. His eyes widened. "The rain smells wonderful!" He was right, Legolas realized. The rain had raised the scent of wet earth and green growing things and fanned it into the little kitchen. Elowen looked from Turgon to Legolas and let her hands fall to her sides. Siondel rose. "I will put your horse in the shed, Turgon." "Yes, you must stay for the evening meal," Elowen said. Turgon jumped to his feet, licking jam from his fingers. "Thank you, but I have to go home. My naneth said not to stay away too long." His smile made his face light up as Siondel's had done. "She missed me." Elowen sent a dismayed glance out at the gray curtain of rain. "You will be soaked!" Turgon cocked his head. "I think I might like that." "But--," Elowen began "Let him go, Elowen." Siondel said. "I remember feeling as he does. The body is a great gift." Her eyes met his, and they shared a smile. Feeling like an intruder, Legolas looked away and rose to accompany Turgon to the door. "Tomorrow," Legolas said. "I will come in the morning. You will like getting to know these woods." "Tomorrow." Turgon raised a hand in farewell, then ran across the yard toward his horse, huddling close to the trunk of a pine. Sheets of muddy water splashed to all sides as he went. He hurled himself onto his horse's back and ducked his head to avoid a downward sweeping branch as he guided the animal into the open. He waved to Legolas, then twitched his knees and sent his mount straight toward a fallen elm. With a cry, he lifted both hands over his head and clung precariously as he and the horse sailed over the obstacle. "Watch out!" Legolas cried, although Turgon could not have heard him over the noise of the rain and was gone in any case. He blew out his breath. Emmelin came running across the yard to shelter breathless in the doorway. She wrinkled her nose and squeezed water out of the end of a brown braid. "I knew I should have taken a cloak today. Who was that?" "That was Turgon." Her gray eyes widened. "Your and Adar's wild friend? The one who died?" "The same." Legolas felt his face stretching into a wide grin. "The very same." Legolas heard the melancholy music before he emerged from the trees into the clearing that sheltered the cottage. Dappled sunlight danced over the thatched roof, the puddles in the yard, and Turgon's father, sitting on the bench next to the open front door, playing his harp and singing: I sleep far from my home. I am weary and worn. These trees are not mine. I am luckless and lorn. Legolas waited until Vandalan finished his song and put his hand on his harp strings to still them. "Mae govannen, Vandalan. How fare you?" Vandalan wrapped his arms around the harp. "Mae govannen, Legolas. Well enough, I suppose." His wide mouth, so like Turgon's, drooped at the corners. Legolas recognized the exhaustion and bewilderment he too had felt when he first arrived west of the seas, indeed felt to some degree still. He held up the bag he carried. "Elowen sent carrots and early potatoes." Vandalan waved toward the door. "Mírdaniel is in the kitchen. I would take them in, but I am thatching the roof." He caressed his harp again, sending a liquid trill rippling