Many thanks to Nilmandra for beta reading this chapter. This story is set in the year 2770 TA, about 11 years after "Spring Awakenings" and "Glorious Summer," but you don't have to have read those stories to follow this one. I hope. Enjoy! 1. Time at Home Legolas paused at the desk of his brother's aide. "Is he in, Calith? I think he is expecting me." "Yes, he said to send you right in when you got here." Calith waved him toward the closed door of Ithilden's office. From the back of the room, a voice called, "Legolas! I did not know you were home. Surely it is not time for your next leave yet." With his hand raised to rap on Ithilden's door, Legolas froze and turned to see Tinár looking at him avidly from his desk behind Calith's. "Legolas's comings and goings are none of your business, Tinár," Calith said wearily, without turning around. "Have you finished making copies of that message yet? You need to be on your way with it before noon." "You do not need to worry about me doing my job," Tinár frowned. "Ithilden depends on me for good reason. I am the best messenger he has." Legolas saw Calith's hand tighten on the Oliphant-shaped paperweight he had just picked up, and for a second, he thought Calith was going to throw the thing at Tinár. Instead, he slid a paper under the weight and banged it sharply down on the desk again. "Then you will undoubtedly want to be gone as soon as possible." Legolas could not help being amused, even though his sympathies were all with Calith. Legolas would not want to have to spend much time in the same room with Tinár. Indeed, he rather thought that Tinár occupied his current position because so many warriors and their officers felt that way about him that Ithilden had had to remove him from service in a patrol or face rebellion from his troops. He gave Calith a smile of commiseration and then rapped on Ithilden's door. "Come!" called his brother's deep voice, and Legolas pushed the door open, entered the office, and put his hand over his heart in salute. Ithilden looked up with a smile. "Sit down," he invited, and Legolas dropped into the chair in front of his desk. "I am glad to see you woke up in time to eat the mid-day meal if not the morning one." Legolas smiled, as he knew Ithilden expected him to do. Ithilden had left for his office long before Legolas had rolled out of bed that day. He had barely risen in time to get the message that Ithilden wanted to see him before the mid-day meal. "It seems I am on leave. I am entitled to sleep late." "Indeed you are," Ithilden agreed. "And as soon as you give me a few more details about your last mission, you will be entitled to forget all about the defense of the realm for a week." Legolas could feel his smile fading. "I thought Sórion wrote a report." "He did." Ithilden paused and then continued with his voice gentle. "I know this is difficult for you to talk about, but I need to know a little more about how Naran died, and Sórion was not there when it happened. Naran's adar came to me late yesterday and asked questions for which I had no answers." Legolas closed his eyes for a moment. As the lieutenant who had led the mission on which Naran died, Legolas was indeed the person who could and should answer any questions about it. He drew a deep breath and opened his eyes. "Do you want me to talk to Naran's adar again?" He had spoken to the dead warrior's parents when he returned their son's body to them the day before. "No. I will do it." Ithilden looked at Legolas soberly. "It has been obvious to me that you are taking this hard, Legolas, even though you were clearly not to blame for Naran's death. I assume that is why Sórion sent you home on leave a month early. Can you tell me why this death bothers you so?" Unable to bear the sympathy in his brother's eyes, Legolas shifted his gaze to the wall behind Ithilden. He hesitated. Why did this death bother him more than the others he had seen among the warriors he helped to command? He was not sure he knew the answer. "He was so young," he finally ventured, "perhaps too young to have been in the Southern Patrol." He flicked his glance to Ithilden in time to see his brother's face grow guarded. "I am sorry," Legolas said hastily. "I did not mean to question your decision to send him. I am sure you evaluated his readiness as well as anyone could have. It is just." He shrugged helplessly. "He was young, Ithilden." For a moment, Ithilden did not answer. Then he sighed. "I know. He seemed that way to me too, but he was no younger than many other warriors you had serving under you there, and he wanted to go, and according to his previous captains, he was ready to go. Did he do anything to indicate to you he was not experienced enough to be there?" Legolas thought for a moment and then shook his head. "No. It was just one of those things. It was Naran's bad luck that the Orc's arrow found him rather than the warrior right next to him, unless, perhaps, I should have positioned them differently to start with." He felt worry beginning to gnaw at his heart again, as it had done off and on since Naran died. "You have shown good ability to position your troops in the past. Do you have reason to believe you did it badly this time?" Ithilden's tone was patient. For the hundredth time, Legolas recalled the details of the patrol on which Naran had died – the rain, the way the Orcs had emerged from the cave with bows in their hands, the Orc archer who had turned and shot seemingly at random into the tree in which Naran crouched. He sighed. "No. We had no way to know they had so many bows. They were not carrying them when the scouts saw them go to ground." "Then blaming yourself serves no purpose." Ithilden met his eyes steadily, and Legolas immediately felt a little better. Ithilden had been a warrior for centuries before Legolas was born and had been an officer for most of them, whereas Legolas had been a lieutenant for only a little over ten years. He trusted Ithilden's judgment and also trusted him to tell the truth if he thought Legolas's leadership had been inadequate. Legolas braced himself. "What is it that Naran's adar wants to know?" Ithilden sighed. "Who his son was partnered with that night, what his mood was like, whether he suffered." "I told him Naran died quickly, although in truth, Ithilden, I do not know that with certainty. The battle went on for a time after he was shot, so we could not attend to him right away." "I know, but his adar and naneth have been thinking about it and want to be able to picture their son's last few minutes, hoping they were not too horrifying. It is common enough, as you probably know by now. I imagine you get the same sort of letters from grieving families that all officers get, asking for the same kind of information." That was true enough. Legolas was eternally grateful that it usually fell to his captain to answer such letters. He drew a deep breath and settled down to give Ithilden as detailed an account of Naran's death as he could. Ithilden listened intently. He made no notes, but Legolas knew he would remember everything he was told. There was little enough to tell at that. Naran's death had been like many others. It was only to those who loved him that this loss was unique. At last, Ithilden said, "Thank you, Legolas. If the family has more questions, I will let you know, but I think this should be sufficient." Legolas nodded. "Is that all?" He made to rise, assuming the interview was over, but Ithilden surprised him. "No, that is not quite all." Lowering his eyes to his desk, Ithilden ran his hand over his dark hair. Then he looked at Legolas. "I think you need to be away from the south for a while, Legolas, and so does Sórion. When your leave is finished, you will report to Elorfin to serve as his lieutenant in the Northern Border Patrol." Legolas blinked. "You do not need to do that, Ithilden," he protested. "You know I have been back there for only six months." "I know, but you need to be away for a while, and I can send Lómór to replace you as lieutenant. He has been in the Northern Border Patrol for several years now and is itching for a little action." Ithilden's voice was firm, and rather to his shame, Legolas suddenly realized he was thankful to hear it. He would be only too glad to be away from the devastation and shadow of the south, if only for a time. He looked away, hoping Ithilden would not see his relief. "Very well." He glanced back to see Ithilden still watching him, his face unreadable. "You have done everything I asked of you, Legolas, and it is not as if I am sending you home to rest in the shade in the garden. I am afraid you will be back into a more dangerous posting soon enough. As Naneth used to say, take a chance for joy." "Good advice," Legolas acknowledged. Feeling a little more light-hearted, he smiled. "I suppose I could become accustomed to being among healthy trees again." Ithilden returned the smile. "I expect you could." Suddenly, he turned his head to look expectantly toward the closed door of his office. A few seconds later, someone knocked, and Calith poked his head in. "Lady Alfirin is here, my lord," he announced, his eyes gleaming with suppressed amusement. He stepped aside, and Ithilden's wife came into the room, carrying a picnic basket with a blanket folded across its top. Both Legolas and Ithilden rose. "Good day, Legolas," she said and then turned to Ithilden. "Are you ready?" Legolas glanced at Ithilden, who avoided his eyes. Ithilden came out from behind his desk, took the basket from Alfirin, and kissed her brow. "I am." He turned to Legolas and, with determined casualness, said, "She seems to think I will not eat unless she feeds me. We are going on a picnic." Legolas smiled blandly at him. "I can see that." He eyed the blanket on top of the basket. "A thick blanket is a good thing. I would imagine that pebbles and twigs can dig into one's back and knees if one has no cushioning when one is on a 'picnic.'" Alfirin giggled and blushed, and Ithilden bared his teeth. "Then again, I could send you to stand guard duty in the Great Hall while Adar holds court." Legolas laughed and snapped into formal salute. "Please do not do that, my lord. The Northern Border Patrol needs me." Ithilden laughed and gestured for Alfirin to lead the way out of his office. "I will be back in an hour or so," he told Calith, who responded with an indulgent smile. Legolas noticed that Tinár had gone, so Calith's day was undoubtedly looking brighter. Legolas waved to him and then left the building. For a moment, he watched Ithilden and Alfirin walk away toward the woods, with Ithilden's head bent to listen to something she was saying and his arm around her waist. Then Legolas gave himself a shake and started off along the path that led through the training fields. The day had grown warm,