A birthday present for Dot, who has given me the gift of many gratifying reviews. Many thanks to Nilmandra for beta reading this for me. This story is set between "Joinings" and "The Novice," but you shouldn't have to read those stories to enjoy this one (I hope). Gifts "If you do not like the roast capon, my lady, then of course we will not prepare it." Cook sat stiffly erect. An assistant at work kneading bread glanced over his shoulder at them, then turned quickly back to his task when he caught Alfirin's eye. "The capon has been wonderful," Alfirin said. "I don't know how you manage to get that combination of crisp skin and tender meat." Cook's shoulders relaxed slightly. "The secret is getting the fire right." Alfirin nodded. "I thought it must be something like that. I could cook a half-way decent bird in my parents' kitchen, but I suspect I would have a hard time doing it over the hearth here." She smiled, and Cook leaned forward with his arms on the table, ready to talk about menus. Behind him, the hearth in the palace kitchen spread a good six feet wide. As it always did, a cauldron hung from a pot hook over a low fire, doubtless full of scraps and bones being simmered into soup stock. Dozens of copper pans gleamed on the walls, and the shelves were stocked with more bowls, knives, whisks, graters, and other kitchen gear than Alfirin had ever seen in one place before she married King Thranduil's oldest son and took on the task of running the palace household. If she had seen this kitchen before she was betrothed, she might have hesitated to accept Ithilden's proposal. "So of course, I like the capon," Alfirin went on, "but I think the trout would be good for a change. I assume you can get it for tomorrow?" "Yes, my lady," Cook said. "I suppose we got out of the habit of cooking it because the queen was not fond of it." Alfirin frowned. "What about the rest of the family?" "As I recall, the king enjoys fried trout, and so far as I have ever been able to see, Lord Ithilden and Legolas will eat anything." Alfirin laughed and stood. "Good. I woke up this morning craving trout, so I am looking forward to it." Cook had gotten to his feet when she did. He paused, then raised an eyebrow. "You crave it? You should have said so, my lady. Is there anything else you crave? Or maybe something you do not want us to serve because it makes you ill?" The assistant turned around again and looked Alfirin up and down with wide, hopeful eyes. For a moment, Alfirin did not understand. Then her face grew warm. "Nothing like that," she said. She and Ithilden had been married less than a year. They were just learning to know one another. She was just starting to understand life in the palace. Begetting a child so soon would be unwise, and neither she nor Ithilden was given to such poorly thought out behavior. Cook's mouth contracted, and the assistant let out a small sigh and turned back to his bread. "Well, if you want the trout tomorrow, you shall have it," Cook said. "There are some nice new potatoes ready in the garden to go with it." "That sounds wonderful. You know Lord Ithilden and I will be eating at my parents' tonight?" "Yes, my lady. Have a pleasant evening." "Thank you. Good afternoon to you. You too, Tomyn," she called to the assistant. He dropped the bread dough into a large bowl to rise, then turned to smile a farewell to her. Pleased with herself for having faced the sometimes intimidating Cook, Alfirin picked up her skirts and hurried up the narrow stone stairs to the main level of the caverns. The visit to the kitchen had taken longer than she anticipated, and she was late for her appointment with Thranduil's steward. He was waiting for her in the antechamber, where the Great Doors stood open to the spring afternoon. A warm breeze filled her nose with the heavy perfume of lilacs. Framed in the stone doorway, the forest beckoned. A year ago, she would have been out in the woods, glad for the excuse that she needed to gather plants to make dyes for her weaving. "My lady?" She turned away from the open doors. "Yes, Nyndir. Shall we go to my apartment? I want your advice on which rooms to use for which guests during the king's begetting day celebration." They went through the door into the royal family's quarters. Perhaps she and Ithilden could linger among the trees on their walk to her parents' cottage that evening, or better still, on the way home, after the stars had flowered. A shiver ran down her spine. Nyndir cocked his head at her, and she realized she was smiling. "I am so glad spring is finally here," she said hastily. "Indeed," Nyndir agreed, "although when the novice master came to see the king earlier, I heard him complaining to the door guards that his charges were restless. Spring seems to stir the young ones up." "So it does," Alfirin agreed. She led him into her and Ithilden's apartment. Perhaps she would not have hesitated to accept Ithilden's proposal even if she had seen the palace kitchen first. The novices were not the only ones responding to the rebirth of the green world. The door opened at last, and Ithilden hurried into the room. His straight, dark brows were drawn together over his nose. "I am so sorry I am late," he said, already unlacing his tunic. He started down the hall to their bedchamber. "It will only take me a moment or two to change." Alfirin rose from her loom and followed him down the hall. "What kept you? Has something happened?" "Not really." His deep voice rumbled through the tunic he was pulling over his head. He freed himself, and she took it from his hands. "What do you mean, 'not really'?" He disappeared into the bathing chamber. She went to stand in the doorway and watch as he poured water from the pitcher into the basin. She tried to sense the depth of his concern through their bond, but as he did too often for her liking, he was guarding his feelings. "Ithilden?" she prompted. "What happened?" He grimaced. "At the last moment, a Home Guard warrior reported seeing warg tracks." He splashed water over his face. "Deler sent more warriors to investigate." He reached for a towel to wipe his face, caught sight of her, and lowered the towel. "Wargs in the Home Guard territory?" She flinched at the strain in her voice. "Try not to worry, love," Ithilden said. He hung the towel back on its hook. "The warrior was young and on his first patrol more than a few leagues from the stronghold. His partner rolled his eyes and said any warg leaving those tracks would have to be very small. More likely they were made by a large wolf. We are just being careful." He came to take her in his arms. She rubbed her cheek against his broad chest, savoring his warmth and the feel of hard muscle. "I should not have told you," he said. "Of course you should tell me! I want to know when you are worried. I am not used to hearing about these things, but that does not mean you should keep them from me." He kissed the top of her head. For a moment, she nestled against him, his soiled tunic trapped in her hands between them. "My parents will be waiting," she murmured. They pulled a little apart. "How late do we have to stay?" Ithilden's voice was husky. She lowered her eyelids demurely. "I believe it would be thoughtful of us to let them retire early." He laughed and pulled her against him again. She pressed her ear against him to listen to his heart. Alfirin pulled her shawl closer around her shoulders. The evening had grown cool while she, Ithilden, and her parents and brother ate rabbit stew at the table in her parents' garden. The air was sharp with the scent of smoke from a neighbor's fire. From a nearby tree came the soft twittering of a pair of scarlet tanagers. They must be feeding together, she thought. Like us. "Have you had a chance to fish in that pond near the ash grove?" Erendrinn offered Ithilden the bowl of asparagus. Alfirin smiled to herself as her husband helped himself to another large serving. Cook was right. Ithilden liked good food and plenty of it. Across the table from them, Tonduil watched, wide-eyed and obviously impressed. But then, as Alfirin knew, her younger brother held Ithilden in some awe. "I was over that way today to check on some maples with spot disease," her father went on. "The fish jumped out of the water and begged me to catch them." "I have not had time," Ithilden told his father-in-law. "I think Legolas and some of his friends were there though. Did you go, Tonduil?" "Yes," Tonduil said. "Annael caught a trout a good foot long." "Now, now," said Erendrinn. "It was," Tonduil insisted, his round face creased in earnestness. Gwaleniel intervened before her husband and son reached the point of arguing. "Is the new loom finished yet, Alfirin?" "Nearly," Alfirin said. "I stopped by the workshop this morning. I am still trying to decide where to put it. It is so large." "How about that room next to your bedchamber?" her mother suggested. "The one with all the old furniture stored in it." "I want that room for a nursery," Alfirin said. Her father's cup of cider bounced off the edge of the table and rolled away in the grass. He exclaimed and brushed at the wet spots on his tunic, but no one else took any notice. Gwaleniel scrutinized Alfirin with the assessing gaze of a healer. Tonduil's eyes widened, and he darted a quick look at Ithilden, then lowered his rapidly reddening face to his meal. Alfirin pressed her fingers to her mouth. What had possessed her to say that? Cook's speculations must have lingered in her mind. Ithilden patted her arm and laughed. "Not that we expect to need a nursery just yet." He ran amused eyes around the table and brought them to rest on her. Their gazes met and held. His hand tightened a little on her arm, and his mouth settled in a lazy smile. Warmth spread through Alfirin's belly. She shifted a little closer to him on the bench so their thighs touched. He pressed his leg against hers, and his smile broadened. "Tonduil," her mother said briskly, "go and fetch a clean cup for your adar." Tonduil leapt to his feet and fled into the cottage. Alfirin lifted her own cup and took a cool drink. Ithilden let go of her arm and returned to his meal. "Children born now would face a dangerous world." "True," Erendrinn sighed. Alfirin could only nod. Ithilden was right. It would be foolish to beget a child now. She knew that. It was too bad, of course, but there it was. Alfirin waved to her parents, then turned to walk out of the light spilling from her parents' doorway and onto the shadowed path under the trees. Ithilden put his arm around her and tucked her close against his side. A shiver ran down her spine. "Are you cold?" he asked. "No." She tilted her face up to him. Under the trees, he was a tall silhouette. In unspoken accord, they stopped. He bent his head to hers. His warm breath brushed against her cheek. And after an endless moment, he brushed his mouth against hers, then nibbled on her lower lip. Someone moaned, and to her acute