Many thanks to Nilmandra for beta reading this chapter for me. Chapter 1. Homecoming Legolas burst through the open Great Doors into the watery light of the spring afternoon. He slid to a halt and hopped from one foot to the other. Grownups could be very slow sometimes. The river was loud again today. Usually it murmured of the mountains it came from and the forest through which it ran, but now it roared so fiercely, Legolas could not make out anything at all of what it said. He tiptoed to the edge of the top step and stretched as tall as he could to see over the railing. A long branch tried to claw its way out of the water. The river spun it and sent it shooting under the bridge, like a big, black arrow. For a moment, Legolas felt dizzy. Then he heard the voice of the person he awaited, and the world righted itself again. "Mae govannen, Tolas." Nana smiled at the door guard. "Did you manage to finish repairing your roof before yesterday's rain?" "To my wife's great relief, I did, my lady." The corners of Tolas's eyes crinkled when he smiled back at her. "An elf who knows how to keep his wife happy is wise indeed," Nana said, and the guard laughed. Ada said Legolas should not talk to the guards because they were watching out for bad things, so Legolas kept quiet around them. Nana never seemed to worry about that, though, and Legolas could tell the guards liked talking to her. He thought maybe Ada's rules did not apply to Nana because, after all, she was Nana. "Your cloak is coming unbuttoned, sweetling." Nana crouched in front of him, and he lifted his chin so she could fasten the high-up button he could not see. When she was done, she kissed his forehead. "There you are. Shall we go?" One hand trailing along the stone railing, Legolas climbed down the big steps. When they got to the bridge, he heard the river pounding on its bottom and slipped his hand into Nana's. "Is the river angry?" "No. The melting snow and spring rain have filled it so full it does not know what to do with itself. After it has carried all the extra water away, it will sing sweetly once more." They walked off the bridge onto the Green, and he dropped Nana's hand and skipped away. "We should go by the pond again." "I thought you might like to go to training fields and watch the archers." Legolas stopped, took a step in the direction Nana pointed, then looked down the path to the pond. "Yesterday we went to the pond, and Ithilden came by there. Ada says Eilian might come today." Nana smiled. "Eilian will not come that way, sweetling. Would you like to guess which way he will probably come?" "By the fields?" Legolas darted toward the training fields path. "We should go there!" He ran very fast, but he still saw the two boys again. Yesterday, they had been peering into a pile of leaves, probably searching out some animal. He had wanted to stop and look too, but then he remembered one of his brothers might come and he had urged Nana onward to meet them. Today, they both sat in a maple near the river. When Legolas ran by, one of them was dropping something into the water, while the other one clung to the tree's trunk. Legolas knew him. His name was Annael. When there games on the Green, his nana brought him to play, but Legolas did not know which path led to his cottage. And he did not know the other boy at all. He slowed his racing steps for only a moment. Eilian might be by the training fields even now. At the other side of the Green, he plunged into the shade of the forest and raced along the path, leaving Nana behind. The trees flew past on either side. "Mae govannen! Mae govannen!" He waved to them as he ran by, and they waved their branches at him, fluttering the pale green lace of their new leaves. The path turned, and he ran out of the trees into the warm sunshine. In the training field just ahead of him, an archer loosed an arrow. It flew like a hawk to snatch an arcing target out of the sky. He ran to the fence and gripped the railing, watching as more arrows brought down their targets, one, two, three. A long shadow fell across the grass, and he looked up to find Ithilden frowning down at him, dark brows nearly meeting over his nose. "Legolas, what are you doing here without an adult?" Sometimes Ithilden's voice sounded the way fur felt, but not now. Now it stung like nettles. Legolas scowled. "Nana is coming." "Then you should have waited for her. You should not be anywhere near swords or arrows on your own." "I am here now, dear one, so do not scold." Nana slipped her hand inside Ithilden's arm and stretched to kiss his cheek. "I missed you at both morning and mid-day meal. Have you made a new rule that the Troop Commander is no longer allowed to eat?" Ithilden laughed. "As soon as Todith and his scouts arrive, I expect to be shut up in meetings with Adar and all my captains. I need to check on novice training and supply requisitions while I have the chance." She patted his sleeve. "Your adar is lucky to have you managing things so competently, but you must save time for me too. I miss you when you are off seeing to your patrols." "Sometimes I think you should be the one commanding the troops, Naneth," Ithilden said. "They would do as you like and think themselves privileged to have the opportunity." "No!" Legolas cried. "I do not want Nana to go away all the time." Smiling now, Ithilden ran his hand over Legolas's head. "I do not think you need to worry. Adar feels the same way you do, so Nana is not likely to leave you any time soon. I guess she cannot be Troop Commander after all." The sound of horses made Legolas slip out from under Ithilden's hand and run around him so he could see who was coming. Four warriors rode toward them, leading a riderless horse. "Eilian!" He ran to greet the last rider in the group. The horses all sidestepped out of his way, and Eilian slid to the ground, caught him by the waist, and swung him around before setting him on his feet again. "You need to watch where you are going, little one! You frightened the horses." Legolas's face grew warm. He stroked the leg of Eilian's horse. "I am sorry, Rogue." Nana hugged Eilian, then left her hands on his shoulders. Legolas frowned. She looked the way she did when Legolas fell down and hurt himself. Eilian made a face. He put his hands over hers and lifted them off him. "I am all right. You worry too much, Naneth." Ithilden was talking to the warrior who led the group and was the only one besides Eilian to have dismounted. Legolas watched from the corner of his eye. Ithilden had gone all stiff, and he looked at the ground before he looked up again, his mouth in a straight line. Nana moved toward them. "Mae govannen, Todith." The warrior put his hand over his heart and bowed. "Mae govannen, my lady." "You bring sorrow with you, I think." "Yes, my lady. We bring Fithral home for the last time." Nana looked at the riderless horse. Legolas looked too, but the only thing on the horse was a leather bag. Eilian shifted from foot to foot, so Legolas thought he might be going to say something, but he turned to watch the archers still shooting on the training field. He looked sad, so Legolas took his hand. "We will not keep you," Ithilden said. "When you have done with the family, come to my office. I want to know what happened." "Of course, my lord." Todith spoke to the other warriors. "The rest of you are dismissed. I will see to Fithral." "I would like to come, Captain," one of the warriors said. Legolas was surprised to recognize Eilian's friend Gelmir. Gelmir always said mae govannen to Legolas and pulled his braids, but today he acted as if he did not even see Legolas. The fourth warrior was Maltanaur, Eilian's bodyguard, but he did not see Legolas either. He was watching Eilian. "You do not have to do this, Gelmir," Todith said. "He was my partner," Gelmir said. "I want to." "I will go too." Eilian made to remount his horse. "No, Eilian," Todith said. "They do not need a houseful of warriors when they hear the news. Gelmir and I will do it." Legolas thought Eilian might argue, but after an instant, he curved his fingers around Legolas's and put his other hand over his heart. "Yes, sir." Eilian must still be doing warrior things then. When he was being a warrior, he almost never argued. Todith remounted and rode off with Gelmir, the riderless horse trotting along behind. Legolas was glad to see Todith go because without him there, Eilian would probably be just his brother. Unless Ithilden wanted him, of course. Ithilden was a warrior more of the time he was home than Eilian was. "By your leave, my lord. My lady." Maltanaur saluted Ithilden and nodded to Nana. "I will talk to you this evening, Eilian." "I am sure you will." Eilian sounded as if that might not be a good thing. Legolas frowned at Maltanaur, who gave a small laugh and rode away. "It is good to see you, Eilian." Ithilden clasped Eilian's arm. "I regret I have no time to talk now. This evening perhaps." He strode away toward his office, head down. Nana watched Ithilden for a moment, then wrapped her hands around Eilian's arm and started toward the palace. "Legolas and I have been waiting for you, sweetling. I am happier than I can say to have you home. You are in time for the Spring Equinox Feast tomorrow night, and if you can stay a few days, you will be here for the spring dancing too." "How long I stay depends on Adar," Eilian said. "He called this meeting of the captains, I suppose? Or was it Ithilden?" "I believe they decided between them," Nana said. Legolas skipped along beside them. "I am going to the feast, Eilian. Nana says I can stay up until Menelvagor is all the way above the trees." He looked over his shoulder to where Rogue meandered after them. "Can I ride your horse?" "Rogue has been looking forward to having you ride him." Eilian swung Legolas up onto the horse's back. "Just yesterday he said, 'Where is that nice elfling who sometimes graces my back? I want to carry him again.'" Legolas dug his fingers into Rogue's mane. With Eilian on one side of the horse and Nana on the other, he rode toward home. "I know where the oats are in the stable," he told Rogue. "The stablemaster lets me give them to the horses, and I will give you some too." Rogue flicked an ear, so Legolas thought he understood. Rogue never talked to Legolas the way he did to Eilian, but he listened, and Legolas hoped someday he might decide to talk while Legolas was there. Eilian was quiet, but Nana talked anyway. "What do you think of Amila as a match for Ithilden, Eilian? She seems very nice. I am going to arrange for her family to sit near us at the Equinox Feast. Do you think he will notice, or will I have to shove him into her lap?" Eilian laughed, so Legolas did too. "Do you matchmake for