Many thanks to Nilmandra for beta reading this chapter for me. This chapter is all OC, but Legolas dominates the next one. Be patient! 1. Settlers Spring, 2951 TA Eilian strolled beneath the newly leafed trees, thinking with satisfaction of his afternoon's work. The repairs to the waterwheel had gone well. By the next day, the Elves of the settlement would be able to use its force to grind their stored grain into flour again. It had been a long three weeks since the spring flood had knocked the wheel off its pins. Celuwen would be glad to hear that she could put her pestle away. "I think I will hurry home," one of the neighbors working with Eilian had said with a grin. "My wife will want to reward me for what we have accomplished today." Eilian laughed to himself. Celuwen might be willing to reward him too, and the honey-sweet thought of it made warmth flare low in his belly, even though he knew any such "reward" would have to wait until the stars had flowered. The song of the awakening forest hummed all around him, and he sang softly back to it as he walked. Without even deciding to do it, he veered off onto the path that would take him the longer way home. He had not been this way in nearly a week, and he wanted to see how spring had crept in among the trees. Suddenly, the hair on the back of his neck stirred, and a second later, he realized why: A faint, discordant note was vibrating through the song around him. Intuitively, his hand went to the hilt of the knife in his belt. Slowly, he moved forward, scanning the trees, the ground, the sky—using instincts that had been honed by years as a warrior. The murmur of unease around him suggested that something frightening had occurred here, although its effect on the mood of the trees was now fading, as if whatever had produced it had happened some time ago. Do not borrow trouble, he cautioned himself. Sauron has left the woods, and the dragon is dead. We are at peace. Nonetheless, he drew his knife. His eye was caught by something not quite right in the leaf litter—a bit of fluff, a stretched out tangle of twigs and dry grass. He frowned and crouched to prod the debris, the remains of a jay's nest he now realized, one that a predator had robbed. But what kind of predator knocked the nest from the tree, tore it to bits, and, judging by the bones he could now see, consumed three fledglings? An owl might carry away a baby jay, but it would not work this kind of thorough destruction, and its hunt for prey was a normal part of the life of the forest. The trees would never have reacted like this to an owl's raid on another bird's nest. He searched for some sort of indication of the kind of creature the predator had been, but he found no recognizable tracks, just some half obscured imprints of a foot that looked almost webbed. But what kind of water creature would be this far into the trees? Still puzzled, he rose, sheathed his knife, and scanned the trees around him, trying to read something from their disturbance, but he could tell nothing other than that whatever had occurred had happened some time ago, probably during the night. He frowned. No one else in the settlement had mentioned hearing this dissonance. He could hear the woods better than most Elves could, he knew, a fact he silently attributed to his being the son of the Woodland's king. So perhaps he was being too sensitive, too ready to find trouble where there was only a minor tragedy. Finally, he shrugged and started on his way again. Celuwen would be watching for him. He felt a brief twinge of pity for the mother jay, but life was hard for baby birds and the mother had no doubt lost chicks before. As he rounded the last turn of the path toward his cottage, he deliberately shook off his lingering unease and happily looked, as he always did, for the first glimpse of the place where his heart dwelt. As he had expected, Celuwen was in the vegetable garden, kneeling between the rows of recently sprouted peas and pulling weeds from around the small plants. As Eilian emerged from the trees into the clearing, a small figure who had been squatting next to her gave a cry, jumped up, and came running toward him with arms outstretched. "Ada! Ada!" With a joy so pure he would not have believed it could exist until it came squirming into his life, he caught the child in his arms, swung her around, and then drew her fiercely toward him, and rested her on his hip. "Who is this filthy little maid?" he asked, rubbing his thumb gently over a smudge of garden soil on her round cheek. "She is so dirty that I am not sure I know her. Let me see. Are you Tree Dancer?" The child giggled. "No, Ada." "Are you Shooting Star?" "No, Ada. You are being silly!" "I know! You are Flower Face!" "Only you call me that, Ada! It is me, Loriel!" "So it is!" He nuzzled her neck, making her squeal and push at him with pudgy hands that had obviously been grubbing in the garden. Laughing, he looked up to see Celuwen smiling at them and climbing to her feet. With Loriel still on his hip, he walked toward his wife, as she put her hands in the small of her back and stretched. He leaned to kiss her cheek. "Could you not use a hoe to do that?" "A hoe would not know the difference between a weed and a pea plant," Celuwen said. "Did you never set foot in the palace vegetable gardens?" "Not if I could help it. I had more amusing things to do." Celuwen laughed. "I remember. I would have thought you might spend time weeding the garden in payment for some of them." Eilian grinned. "If my adar had thought of it, I would have spent enough time in the gardens to feed the entire palace staff for a year." "I like the garden," Loriel piped up. "I found a worm." Eilian flinched as she began to dig in the pocket of her muddy gown, and he was unsurprised when she produced a writhing worm and held it up for his inspection. "Lovely," he said. "But I think that worm lives in the garden. In fact, I am sure of it. It would not want to come inside." Loriel looked doubtfully at the worm. "What will it eat?" Eilian cast about for an answer. How could his tutor have talked at him for all those years and never told him what worms ate? "Dirt," he declared. Loriel frowned. "Nana says it is bad for you to eat dirt." "It is bad for elflings," Eilian agreed hastily, seeing Celuwen make a face at him. "Elflings should leave the dirt for the worms to eat. You would not want to take this fellow's meal so he goes hungry, would you?" "No." Reluctantly, Loriel handed him the worm, and he stooped to drop it back into the soft soil of the garden where it promptly slithered away. They began moving toward the front door of the cottage. "Would you like a hot bath?" he asked Celuwen, who was still rubbing her back. "That might help your back, and we need to get this one cleaned up before we go to your parents anyway." He squeezed Loriel, who was playing with one of his braids. He tried not to think about the dirt and worm slime on her hands. "A bath would be wonderful," Celuwen said fervently. "I left water heating." "Good. Here, Flower Face. You go with Nana and get cleaned up so you will not disgrace us at your grandparents' table." He set Loriel on her feet, and with a glad cry, she scampered off toward the front door of the cottage. She loved visiting Celuwen's parents, a flaw that always puzzled Eilian, given that he found Loriel to be unusually bright. Celuwen followed their daughter inside, while Eilian went back around the corner to the garden and lifted the large wooden tub down from where it hung on the outside wall of the cottage. He carried it into the cottage to find Celuwen pulling Loriel's gown off over her head as the child danced from foot to foot on a large towel that Celuwen had spread on the floor in front of the fire. "Hold still," Celuwen commanded exasperatedly. Eilian laughed as he carried the tub past them toward his and Celuwen's sleeping chamber. "If you can make that happen by command, I hope you will start ordering the weather next." He set the tub down, returned to the central room, and took a heavy cloth in hand to lift one of the pails of water hanging over the fire. He poured a little of the hot water into the basin on the floor next to Celuwen and reached for the bucket of cold water that stood ready for use nearby. He added two dippers full of cold water to the basin, stuck his finger into it to see how hot it was, and then added another dipper of cold water. "That should be all right," he told Celuwen, who gave him a smile, dipped a flannel into the water, and caught at the now naked, still dancing Loriel to begin to wash her. Eilian took the second pail of hot water from over the fire and carried both pails into the sleeping chamber to empty them into the tub. For a second, he paused, contemplating the small tub and the shallow water, and thinking of the way water ran into his father's dwelling from the underground river that flowed beneath it and was pumped into boilers in all the bathing chambers so that a hot bath was something one took for granted, not something one worked for. Then he shrugged and reached for the spare blanket at the foot of the bed and flung it over the tub to keep the water from cooling too quickly. His father would no doubt find ironic satisfaction in the fact that Eilian had surprised himself by enjoying the tasks that came with the simple life in this settlement. He went back into the central room, filled the buckets from the pump at the sink, and hung them over the fire again. He turned to find Celuwen holding a wiggling bundle of toweling. With a last struggle, Loriel shoved the towel away from her face. "Mae govannen, Nana," she cried. Celuwen laughed. "Mae govannen, Loriel." She glanced at Eilian. "Can you get ready in the time it will take me to dress her?" "Of course. I spent most of the afternoon floundering in the mill stream, so all I have to do is change my clothes and wash the places where your daughter touched me." Celuwen laughed again, and Eilian pulled off his tunic to splash cold water over his face and then swipe at the braid that Loriel had been holding. He went into the bedroom, and by the time he emerged, lacing up the clean tunic Celuwen had left out for him, Loriel was dressed again and hopping around the room playing "bunny rabbit," with her dark curls still tumbled around her face. "Let me just add these other two buckets of water to the tub," Eilian said. "It is not as hot as other was, but it should not be too bad." He added the two buckets of warm water to the tub in the sleeping chamber and turned to go back to the parlor to watch his daughter while his wife bathed. To his own surprise,