A slightly early birthday present for Dot. Ithilden says "Mae govannen," Dot, and thanks you for the chance to get out and strut his stuff. Many thanks to Nilmandra and The Karenator for beta reading this for me. Visitors Alitha put a hand on the rump of the dawdling goat and shoved it into the pen. With an indignant "Maa!," it stumbled to join the others. The sow she'd brought in earlier grunted a warning from where she lay, nursing her piglets, and the goats skittered away in a panicky clatter of hooves. They'd learned to be cautious around Mama Pig. Alitha latched the gate, then stood for a moment, watching the piglets root at their mother's belly and digging her knuckles into the small of her back. Her own mother would be too polite to complain when Taemas finally escorted her into the hut, but she'd be horrified to find the animals penned inside. Alitha smiled to herself, imagining her mother pretending she didn't mind sharing a hut with pigs and goats and wasn't appalled at the home into which her grandchild was being born. "Don't be silly!" she'd say. "I've told you often enough I grew up sharing a cottage with a cow and half-a-dozen sheep." And also said often enough how glad she was she no longer lived that way. Years of living in a two-story house in Laketown had made her mother more finicky, Alitha thought. Ah well. Alitha and Taemas had been glad enough of the animals' warmth this past winter. The clay-daubed willow wands making up the walls had scarcely kept the wind and snow out. In the dark of the year, when a blizzard had blown, the two of them had huddled together under a pile of furs, her head cradled on his shoulder, his hand laid over the place where the baby kicked, dreaming of the future. The animals had seemed a friendly presence. Besides, Taemas would start building the new cottage as soon as he returned, the furs sold and her mother there to help with the birthing. She kneaded her back one last time, trying to ease the fierce ache that had plagued her off and on for the last two days. Taemas had told her not to overdo while he was gone, but chores were chores. Bracing herself with a hand on the wall, she leaned awkwardly over to pick up the water bucket, and stepped out into the gathering dusk. In front of the hut, Taemas had cleared enough trees to hold the dark woods at bay and let the deepening blue of the sky show through. Somewhere nearby, a robin called its mate. She lumbered the short distance to the spring. "I used to be graceful," she told the baby. "Your papa says the first time he saw me, I danced like thistledown blown on the wind." The baby kicked, and she caressed her swollen belly. "Are you the one dancing now, sweetheart?" She laughed at the thought. "After you're born, do you think I'll be graceful again?" She hung onto a willow branch to dip water from the spring, then started toward the hut, her step slow, her head turned in the direction from which Taemas and her mother were likely to come. She had no right to expect him for another day or two, but she couldn't help wishing he'd emerge from between the trees, leading the mule with her mother on its back. "Mistress?" She whirled, sloshing water onto the leggings of the tall man standing close behind her. He jumped back, dark braids flying, then drew himself up and regarded her impassively. Alitha's eyes darted from his green and brown garb to his pointed ears to the elegant bones of his face. For a heartbeat, she looked up into his star-shot eyes; then she flicked her gaze away and swallowed. Not a man. An elf. "I startled you." His voice was deep and resonant, like the music of the bass viol Alitha had heard at the Summer Fair, the year she was sixteen. "I beg your pardon." "That's all right. I shouldn't have been mooning about, and I beg your pardon for the dousing." She gave him a tentative smile, but his expression remained stony. Her heart thudded. He probably wasn't angry, she told herself. This unreadable face was probably the one he always wore. She'd seen elves in Laketown, had sometimes wondered what it would like to be near the graceful creatures, but their faces always had the same unyielding look to them. "Your man is near?" He examined the hut, as if trying to penetrate its flimsy walls. For all she knew, he could see through them. She hesitated for the smallest instant before she answered. If he'd been a strange man, she might have lied, rather than confess herself alone, but this was an elf. "He's in Laketown. I expect him back within the next day or two." He tilted his head, considering her. "A short time ago, I found signs of outlaws in the woods, a large band of them." She put a hand to her throat. "Outlaws?" "Yes. You knew nothing of them?" She shook her head. What if Taemas had run into outlaws? The ache in her back flared with vicious intensity. The elf's mouth twisted. "The new Master of Laketown has been outlawing all who break the town's laws, and it would seem the Woodland Realm is paying the price for Laketown's safety." Between the pain in her back and her worry for Taemas, she scarcely heard him. He tapped his bow against his thigh. "You should not be here, Mistress. Even apart from outlaws, you should not be here." He looked away from her long enough to scan the nearby trees, a crease between his straight brows. She pulled herself away from a heart-stopping vision of Taemas lying dead in the woods. "Not be here?" "No. You are within the Woodland Realm. Men are not allowed to settle here." She gaped at him. "That can't be right. We're too close to the edge of the forest." "Only because Men cut trees they had no right to touch, moving the edge of the forest west of where it should be. This part of the woods is under the rule of King Thranduil and the control of his warriors." "That can't be right. You're the first elf I've seen since we came here. And if the Elven King's warriors have allowed outlaws to roam here, then their control is mighty poor." Alitha sucked in her breath, clapped her free hand to her back, and bent forward. "What is it? Are you ill?" The elf grabbed the bucket, and she braced her hand against his broad chest. "You are not…?" For the first time, he sounded less than sure of himself. The pain eased. "No. Not for another month. My back is just protesting the extra weight." A robin's three-part song pierced the evening air. The elf jerked as if he'd touched fire. He flung the bucket aside and had an arrow in his bowstring before she had time to blink. "Inside!" He swept his arrow along the darkening line of trees. "Go!" She ran for the door, with him backing rapidly in her wake, still searching the trees. As she ducked inside, his bowstring twanged twice. The robin whistled again, louder this time. And something else whistled too. The elf pounded into the hut after her, slammed the door, and slid the bar into place. He lunged toward the window, banged one of the shutters to, and closed the other far enough to leave only a hand span to peer through. "Douse the fire," he ordered. "There's no water." By the dim light of the central hearth, she saw a red splotch spreading down the outside of his right leg. "You're hurt." She started toward him. "Stay back!" An arrow thudded into the shutter. She stared at its quivering end, just visible through the space the elf had left, then groped behind her for the three-legged stool, and sank down to put her head between her knees, straining over the bulk of her pregnancy. Another thud. The repeated twang of the elf's bowstring. Men's voices shouting. She lifted her head. The elf leaned a little forward, eyes narrowed against the dark now crowding the window. Hastily, he raised his bow again and shot. "Let them in!" he flung over his shoulder. As if she'd always been under this elf's command, she struggled to her feet and heaved at the bar on the door. The door burst open, knocking her aside with a painful bang to her shoulder. She staggered, then steadied herself against the table. Two figures whirled into the room. The taller of them shoved the door shut again and lowered the bar with a crash. He ran toward the injured elf at the window, bent to examine his bloody leg, and said something in his own tongue, jerking his hand in a gesture that plainly meant, "Move. Now." The elf in the window ignored him and loosed an arrow. The new arrival's slanting brows drew into a scowl. With a grace of movement that made Alitha feel like an oliphant, he beckoned to the third elf, who, she now saw, was only a boy. Had he been human, she would have guessed him to be perhaps thirteen or fourteen. He had stood watching the other two, breathing hard, still clutching his bow, though he had nowhere to shoot it, given that the older two were both in the room's only window. At the signal, he darted toward them. The newcomer barked something at the elf in the window. It sounded like, "It's ill then," which Alitha could only assume meant, "Move, you stubborn ass!" The stubborn-ass elf grimaced, shot one last arrow, and pushed himself away from the wall. The other elf jumped to take his place, bow at the ready. Stubborn-ass stumbled and grabbed for the boy's shoulder, sending him staggering under the weight. "Here." Alitha took the bow from the wounded elf's hand and helped steady him as he hopped the few yards across the room. She had to let the boy lower him onto the pallet in the corner though. She had enough trouble getting herself down onto it at night. If she'd tried to help the tall elf, she'd have fallen over on top of him. The boy slipped off the other's pack and unbuckled his quiver. The wounded elf lay on his side. The arrow that had found him had sliced through the outer surface of his right thigh, high up and halfway around to his back. The bloodstain on his leggings was still growing, but to Alitha's relief, its spread was slow. "I suspect the wound will need stitching," the wounded one said. "Have you done that before, Mistress?" Alitha wiped her sweating hands on her skirt. "I've not done it with a--." She hesitated. "—person before, but with animals, yes." She nodded to the penned livestock. The goats had all crowded to the gate to watch the excitement. The elf in the window said, "The outlaws seemed to have withdrawn for now. I could come and do it." The wounded elf's voice was reassuringly calm. "Stay where you are, Eilian. Mistress--" He raised an eyebrow at her. "Alitha." "Mistress Alitha can do it." "I could take Eilian's place at the window," the boy said. "Then he could do it." The elf in the window snorted. "Come near this window, and tomorrow we will take you straight back to Aunt Glilan's so she can pinch your cheeks and ask you if you have a little sweetheart. Get the healing kit from Ithilden's pack." Not "it's ill then," nor "stubborn ass." Ithilden. And the one in the window was Eilian. Scowling, the boy pawed through Ithilden's pack and drew out a leather pouch. He extended it to Alitha. She reached