This story is set between "When Shadow Touches Home" and "Battles Won," but you don't have to have read those stories to understand this one. Legolas is 11 or about 4 in human terms. This story uses flashbacks to several different time periods. In particular, you're going to see Legolas's brother Eilian in two different times: about ten days before the story starts and about 20 years before it starts. I'll try to keep things clear, but readers should let me know if I don't. Many thanks to Nilmandra for beta reading this chapter. Chapter 1. At Home Legolas's eyes came slowly into focus. He lay quietly for a moment, trying to decide if it was morning yet. The fire was low and the night lantern was still lit, but that only meant that Nimloth hadn't come to get him up yet. He made a picture in his head of what the forest looked like outside his father's stronghold. Stars glittered in fiery points overhead, and darkness lay thick between the trees where the leaves had drifted. It was still night then. His feet were cold. He pulled his knees up to his chin and tried to tuck his feet under his nightshirt. Where were his stockings? When Ada got him ready for bed, he always left Legolas's wool stockings on now that it was so cold out. Then he remembered that Ada had been busy last night. That was all right. Ada would eat with him and walk him to his lessons this morning. Eilian had been the one to put him to bed. He smiled. Eilian was home! Well, he was home from patrol anyway. He had been in a hurry to put Legolas to bed because he had been going out to see friends, but maybe he was home from that too. Legolas pushed the big quilt away, gathered his special blanket, and slid out of bed. The braided rag rug next to his bed felt good on his feet, but the stone floor felt like the ice on the pond. He went out into the dimly-lit hall and trotted down it until he came to Eilian's door. He pushed the door open and entered the dark room. Eilian didn't have a night lantern in his room when he slept, but his fire made enough light for Legolas to see a big lump in the bed. Good. He had come home. Legolas climbed into the bed next to Eilian, pulled the quilt up to his chin, and put his feet on his brother's warm back. "Orc spit!" Eilian cried, twisting out of the way. Legolas drew his feet back and clutched his blanket. What a funny thing to say. He tried out the words, savoring the novel feel of them on his tongue. "Orc spit." Eilian flopped back on his pillow and turned his head to look at Legolas. "Do not let Ada hear you saying that," he groaned. "Wipe it out of your mind. Forget I ever said it." "Why?" "Because Ada will kill us both if you repeat it." Legolas would have asked why again, but Eilian reached an arm around him and pulled him close, so he wriggled up against his brother instead. Eilian took both Legolas's feet in his other hand. "Your feet are freezing." "You forgot to leave my stockings on." "Sorry," Eilian sighed. Legolas sniffed. Eilian smelled like wine. Legolas did not mind, but sometimes Ada did. "Go back to sleep, brat. You can stay here if you like." Legolas rested his head in the hollow of Eilian's shoulder. "Stay home," he whispered. Eilian drew him closer. "For now, I will." "But when your guard is better?" "When Maltanaur is better, we will go back to our patrol." Eilian kissed the top of his head. "Try not to worry. Maltanaur watches out for me, and I am careful." "Always?" Eilian hesitated, and Legolas lifted his head from Eilian's shoulder to look into his brother's grey eyes. Eilian raised an eyebrow at him. "Did Ada send you in here?" Legolas frowned. "Ada is sleeping." Eilian laughed softly. "I was only joking, brat." He drew Legolas's head down again and murmured. "Go to sleep." Legolas rubbed his cheek against Eilian's chest and let his eyes slide out of focus. At once, the dream path came up to meet him. He skipped along it with someone big holding his hand. For a minute, he thought it was Nana, but then he knew that was wrong. Sometimes she walked the dream path with him, although less often than she used to, but this person was singing to him in a decidedly male voice. It was Eilian, he thought with satisfaction and slid deeper into the dream. Rap, rap! The noise bored into Eilian's brain like a red-hot skewer. Rap, rap! A sharp little elbow dug into his rib cage, and he barely dodged in time to avoid a flailing foot headed straight for his crotch. He heard Legolas slide from his bed and patter to the door. "Good morning, sweetling," Nimloth's voice said. "I thought I might find you here." "Eilian will help me get dressed," Legolas announced to his caretaker. Suddenly conscious that he was naked, Eilian pulled up the covers that Legolas had disturbed and squinted toward the open doorway. "Go with Nimloth, brat. I want to bathe before morning meal." Nimloth looked at him with narrowed eyes. "A cup or two of water will help that headache. If you had used what good sense you have, you would have drunk it last night." Eilian gave her the most charming smile he could manage. "As I am sure you remember, sense has never been my best quality." Nimloth had cared for him occasionally when he was an elfling too. "You have plenty of sense when you choose to use it," she sniffed. She put her arm around Legolas's shoulders. "Come, sweetling. We will get you ready to eat morning meal with your ada and brothers." Legolas lifted a hand and waved. "Goodbye," he chirped and went out into the hall. Nimloth closed the door with an unnecessary bang, and Eilian collapsed back on the pillows with his hands over his face. He was uncertain if Nimloth had been suggesting he should have drunk water before going to bed so that the effects of too much wine would be less acute this morning or if she was saying he should have replaced a cup or two of wine with water in the first place. In either case, she would have been right. He groaned. He needed to get moving. He should try to eat before he reported for duty. He swung out of bed and padded into his bathing chamber. The boiler hissed in the corner, promising plenty of hot water. Good. He needed it. He filled the tub and climbed in to try to soak some of his morning fog away. Of course, being in even a permanent fog would not present too big a problem, given his current assignment carrying out routine missions for the Home Guard. He slid under the water, as if that could wash the thought out of his head, but when he surfaced, reality was still there. He might very well have to spend the day guarding his home's front door. He stared glumly at his toes, braced against the other end of the tub. This assignment was just temporary, he assured himself. He would go back to the Southern Patrol as soon as Maltanaur was better. Assuming that ever happened, of course. His stomach twisted. I will not think about it, he told himself determinedly. I will not think about what happened. By the time he went back into his bedroom, a servant had stirred the fire to life, made the bed, and vanished. Legolas's blanket lay neatly folded on the bed, or as neatly folded as it could be, given how worn and ragged it was. Eilian smiled at the sight. He would have to drop the blanket in Legolas's room on his way to eat or Nimloth would have a very unhappy elfling on her hands when Legolas realized it was missing. His little brother had given up the blanket for a while, Eilian knew, but that had been before their mother was killed the previous spring. He needed it again now. For a moment, Eilian froze where he was, remembering his mother tucking the blanket into what she called her "treasure chest." "Are you keeping that?" Ithilden had laughed. "Surely it is fit only for the rag bag." "Legolas may change his mind," she had said and then turned and grinned mischievously at Ithilden. "I keep all such treasures," she said. Ithilden had looked puzzled and then horrified, and Eilian had laughed, "Never tell me that my fearsome big brother had a 'special blanket'!" Ithilden had shot him a murderous look. Eilian sighed. What was done was done and could not be changed now for his mother any more than for Maltanaur. He crossed to the wardrobe, dropped the towel he had wrapped around his waist, and reached for the green tunic and brown leggings that marked him as a member of his father's troops. He needed to hurry. He was late enough already. Thranduil walked into the family dining room to find Ithilden and Legolas already there. Ithilden rose at his entrance, and Legolas jumped down from his chair and ran to greet him with his arms out to be picked up. "Ada!" Thranduil scooped him up and kissed his cheek. "Good morning, my heart. Did you sleep well?" He set the child back in his chair, nodded his permission for Ithilden to sit, and took his own place. "I woke up in the night and went to see if Eilian was home and he was." Legolas watched as Thranduil ladled porridge into his bowl. "So then I slept with him." Thranduil nodded. Since Lorellin died, Legolas had taken to wandering in the night, checking on anyone who was supposed to be home to be sure they were. Thranduil would like to know what time Eilian had come in, but he was not going to ask Legolas. He added honey and cream to the porridge and set it in front of Legolas. The child poked at it for a moment before putting a spoonful in his mouth and rolling it thoughtfully about, reminding Thranduil of the way his steward tasted wine. Legolas apparently approved of this vintage of porridge because he spooned more into his mouth. Thranduil relaxed and turned his attention to his own morning meal. Legolas was still too thin, but his appetite had improved to the point that Thranduil's heart no longer constricted in fear every time he looked at his youngest son. Ithilden cleared his throat. "You asked me to decide who would serve as your escort to this meeting, Adar, and I have the roster of guards if you need it at this morning's Council meeting." Thranduil glanced at Legolas, who sat swinging his legs and peacefully eating his porridge, apparently assuming that this 'meeting' was just another in a long string of them that occupied too much of his father's time. Thranduil turned back to Ithilden. "I asked you about it only last night. Did you work late? There was no need for that." Ithilden smiled. "No. I had been thinking about it since you first told me about the meeting, so I had it more or less ready." He hesitated. "I will lead the escort myself." Thranduil was startled. As his troop commander, surely Ithilden had better things to do than captain Thranduil's escort for a meeting in the forest with leaders of some of the Woodland Realm's villages. "Do you think that is wise? Can you be away from your office for the time it will take?" Ithilden pressed his mouth in a tight line and then said, "Deler can manage while I am gone,