Many thanks to Nilmandra for beta reading this story for me. Eilian is the equivalent of a human 12-year-old here. Ithilden is, of coure, an adult, since he seems to have been born that way. Happy birthday, Meckinock! A Moment for Joy "Hope your arrow does not slip," taunted Fendîr. The others laughed, then clapped their hands and whistled. Eilian ignored them and concentrated on the pine cone hanging like a teardrop from the evergreen on the other side of the open space along the path. He drew his bowstring until the knuckle of his thumb brushed his cheek next to the eye tooth he had recently been using as an anchor point. At the last second, he remembered to lift his elbow as Penntalion had nagged him to do all during that morning's class. He held his breath and opened his fingers. The arrow flew toward the pine cone like a hawk descending on a rabbit. It struck the cone and sent it spinning away into the trees. "Yes!" he crowed. He shoved his hand under Fendîr's nose. "I will take that orc arrowhead you were foolish enough to wager." Fendîr grimaced, dug a wicked-looking barbed dart out of his belt pouch, and handed it over. Eilian admired his prize. "Here comes your brother," Gelmir said. Eilian hastily tucked the arrowhead out of sight. Ithilden was indeed walking along the path from the Warrior Grounds, his eyes running over the group of them. Eilian grinned at his friends. "You want to see someone really good with a bow?" He trotted toward Ithilden, who stopped when he saw Eilian coming. "Come and show them how you can shoot, Ithilden!" Smiling and beckoning to his brother, he took a step back toward his waiting friends. Ithilden stayed where he was and frowned. "Were you using your bow there?" Eilian felt his smile fade. He dropped his hands to his sides and tapped his bow lightly against his leg. "I shot a pine cone off that tallest tree." Ithilden's eyes flicked to the tree. "Eilian, surely you know there is a berry patch beyond that tree. You could have hit someone." Eilian slapped the bow hard, then flinched at the pain in his thigh. "I am not stupid, Ithilden. That patch is too far away. I could never hit anyone there." "Shooting here is dangerous," Ithilden said. "I told you, the berry patch is too far away! We were just having fun." Ithilden put his hands on his hips, making himself look even bigger than he already was. He bit off each word. "Do not shoot here again." Eilian glanced over to where his friends had been. They were drifting away, eyes averted from the scene on the path. He kicked at a stone. "You would not know fun if it bit you on the backside." "Watch your mouth," Ithilden said. "Do you want me to tell Naneth you talk that way?" Eilian grimaced. "No." "Come. Our mid-day meal will be waiting." Ithilden strode off toward the palace, and after a moment, Eilian scuffed along after him. He put his bow away, washed, and went to the dining room to find his mother the only one there. She was leaning over the table, reaching for the vase in the center to poke a rose into a more pleasing arrangement. She looked up at the sound of his entry and gave the radiant smile that never failed to lift his spirits. "Fair day, sweetling." She cocked her head. "Why the long face?" "Does Ithilden even know how to have fun?" She straightened and looked at him thoughtfully. "Yes, he does. He just forgets sometimes." "So I noticed." "I have news that should cheer you up. Your tutor sent word he has to fix the thatch on his roof, so he will not be here this afternoon." Eilian broke into a grin. "Really?" "Really." She smiled. "You have the afternoon free." "Not quite free," said a deep voice from behind him. Eilian turned to see his father standing in the doorway, with Ithilden right behind him. "Since you will not have lessons," Thranduil said, "you can come with me when I ride out to look at the new waterwheel in Farith's village." Eilian suppressed a groan. An afternoon spent being polite to villagers and looking at machinery would be nearly as bad as lessons. "Can Gelmir come too? He likes things like waterwheels." "This is not a pleasure trip, Eilian," Thranduil said. "Believe me, I do not think it is," Eilian muttered. Thranduil frowned, but before he could say anything, Lorellin intervened. "I think it would be a lovely idea for Gelmir to go too. You can both learn something about how the villages share their grain. After all, you or he may choose to live in one some day." "I want to be a warrior, not live in a village," Eilian said. His mother smiled. "You never know what life may bring you." His father held his mother's chair, then moved toward his own place. "What about Gelmir's lessons?" He nodded permission for Eilian and Ithilden to sit. "You could ask his parents to let him come," Eilian said. "Yes, you could," his mother said, smiling sweetly at his father. Thranduil laughed. "I suppose I could." Two servants entered the room with platters of roast duck and fried mushrooms. The servants offered the food around the table, then set the platters down and left. Lorellin turned to Ithilden. "Did you decide to do as I suggested and ask Alana to the summer dancing, Ithilden? You have only two more days to do it." Ithilden lifted his eyes to the ceiling for a moment, and Eilian suppressed a grin at his brother's discomfort. "I have not had time, Naneth. Besides, I am not sure I will be free to go to the dancing." "Why not?" Lorellin asked. "You cannot work all the time. Surely you feel the call of the summer woods. Take a moment for joy, dear one." "Lorellin, leave him alone," Thranduil said. Despite his admonition, the corners of his mouth twitched. She made a face at him, and the talk turned in another direction. The next day, Ithilden tossed the completed duty roster on his aide's desk and stretched his back. He had been at his desk all day, and his muscles ached for movement. The building door stood open, framing the thick summer forest. The scent of growing things and the green odor of the river drifted around the room. "Lovely day," the aide said. "If you need to be elsewhere, my lord, things are quiet today. I can manage here." Calith smiled, and Ithilden realized he was staring out his office door in much the same way Eilian looked longingly out the library door when he had been kept too long at his lessons. For a moment, he hesitated. He was the commander of his father's warriors. What kind of example would he set by leaving his office in the middle of the afternoon? Then, in the back of his mind, he heard his mother's voice. "Take a moment for joy." Really, Calith was right. Things were quiet, the Valar be praised. He should enjoy the fine summer weather while it lasted. "I believe I might ride out to check on some of the Home Guard patrols," he said. Calith grinned. "An excellent idea." Ithilden laughed. "I will see you tomorrow morning. If you need something before then, send to the palace, and I will come as soon as I am back." "Enjoy yourself," Calith said, and Ithilden made good his escape. He walked briskly toward the palace, intending to change into a lighter tunic before he left. The summer dancing was tomorrow night. If this weather held, people would find it hot work, not that a little heat would stop them. Wood elves danced under the trees at every chance that came along. He smiled to himself. He would go, he decided. He would not ask Alana to go with him, of course. That would disappoint his mother, but he was not interested in Alana. She was pleasant enough, but he felt no pull when he saw her, and he did not want to play games with something as serious as seeking a mate. Not that he was doing much seeking, he supposed. His mother had pointed out several times that the right maiden was unlikely to report to him in his office. At home, he changed into a loosely woven linen tunic and was still lacing it up when he met his mother in the hallway. "Ithilden! How nice. I was just thinking about you." "Did you need something?" he asked cautiously. She grinned. "I need someone to check on Eilian for me." He relaxed. At least that was a familiar task. "Of course. Where is he?" "He told me that he, Gelmir, and Celuwen were building a waterwheel at the head of the river rapids and was a bit vague about what they planned to do with it. I would feel better if someone found that out and also inspected the thing to be sure it was not about to fall over and crush one of them." Ithilden laughed. "I thought he sounded impressed by the one in Farith's village." "I just want to be sure he is not so impressed he has let his imagination run away with him." "Be easy, Naneth. I will make sure they are not doing anything more foolish than usual." "Thank you, dear one. I knew I could count on you." She stretched to kiss his cheek. He left the palace and started along the river path, pleased that he could please his mother. Putting off a visit to the Home Guard patrols was no great penance. The patrols would still be there tomorrow, and in the meantime, a walk along the river offered a pleasant relief from the heat. Besides, this would give him a chance to spend some time with his brother. Eilian thought Ithilden was incapable of play. Well, he was wrong and leaving his office today proved that. The roar of the rapids covered his footsteps, and he spotted the three elflings before they realized he was there. Gelmir stood in the thigh-deep water, shoving a long pole sideways into the rocks along the riverbank. Eilian and Celuwen waited on the bank balancing an old wagon wheel on edge. Half-a-dozen buckets hung aslant from the spokes. Ithilden eyed them with some amusement. Celuwen's mother usually managed to persuade her daughter into a gown, but today she, like the two boys, wore leggings and a tunic. The tunic was a bit too long for her, and Ithilden abruptly recognized it as one of Eilian's. He decided not to look too closely in the nearby underbrush. He didn't want to know where Celuwen had stuffed the gown she had undoubtedly worn when she left home that morning. He walked toward them. "What are you doing?" Eilian snapped his head around and frowned when he saw Ithilden. "Nothing wrong. You do not have to check on me, Ithilden." Ithilden was a little hurt by Eilian's automatic resentment of his presence. "Naneth asked me to," he said as mildly as he could manage. "Why?" Eilian's eyes narrowed. "She is worried one of you is going to drown or send yourself spinning away into oblivion." He moved closer to the water's edge and bent to watch Gelmir, who had his head self-consciously lowered. "You plan to slip the wheel onto that pole?" Gelmir looked up at him, and his eyes widened as his excitement overcame his wariness. "Yes, and then the water will fill the buckets and push the wheel around." "What will you use it for?" Gelmir hesitated and shifted his gaze to Eilian, who cleared his throat. "It would be good for pulling things." He met Ithilden's eyes, then looked away. Alarm bells went off in Ithilden's head. "What