Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson. The ghosts were pushing at her again. Murderer, they hissed. Traitor. Reyna backed away from them, but they pulled at her. Then, one in particular caught her eye. A tall man with Reyna's eyes and Hylla's sharp, angular features. He stepped toward her. Reyna tried to run, but the ghosts behind her blocked her way. He was coming closer. You betrayed me. You are a traitor to your people, he hissed. No, Reyna tried to say. It was an accident. I didn't mean to. Then, another face materialized. Bryce Lawrence. Well, if it isn't the little praetor turned traitor, he said with a sick smile. If Rome knew who you really were, they'd throw you out to the dogs. I know you're precious secret, praetor. I heard your confession. The ghosts crowded around her, pushing her back. She was trapped. Reyna tried to scream— "Reyna, wake up!" Reyna's eyes flew open. She was lying with her head on a table in the Principia, and Nico di Angelo was standing over her, shaking her shoulder. "You okay?" Nico looked concerned. Reyna's heart pounded. Her breaths came in gasps. She jerked her head up, nearly knocking over her cup of coffee. She took a deep breath, trying to steady her heartbeat. It was just a dream, she told herself. It wasn't real. Bryce Lawrence was dead. Reyna looked around, taking in her surroundings. Then she remembered where she was. Octavian had just piled a load of paperwork from the war on her, and Nico had been helping out with Greek-Roman relationships by staying in Camp Jupiter for a few days, and retaking his place as the Ambassador of Pluto in the Senate. "You fell asleep, and I figured you could use some rest, so I didn't wake you up. Are you alright?" he repeated, slightly more urgently. "Fine," Reyna said, the word leaving her mouth automatically. "Just a bad dream." "You were muttering in your sleep," Nico said quietly. "Something about, 'I didn't mean to." his eyes narrowed, as if trying to decipher what she was thinking. Reyna looked at him sharply. She wondered just how much he had heard. After a while, she relaxed. She could trust Nico. He had heard her secret back in Puerto Rico. "I was dreaming about that time we landed in Puerto Rico when we were delivering the Athena Parthenos." "Hey. It was just a dream." Nico put a hand on her shoulder, his frown deepening. "Bryce Lawrence was there," Reyna said in a low voice. "He threatened to tell everyone about what I did." "Bryce Lawrence is dead," Nico said. "He can't hurt you anymore. None of them can." Reyna's heartbeat slowed, but her panic did not leave her. "I see them. Every night. Ever since the time we landed in Puerto Rico. I can't get it out of my head. All I can think of is how my secret almost came out," Reyna's voice shook. "And he's always there. My father. He's yelling at me, and throwing stuff, like he used to, before I—before I killed him." "You didn't kill him," Nico said firmly. "He was already a ghost. A mania. You dispelled a spirit, and did both you and your sister a favor." "I killed him. I ran a sword through my father." Reyna had a broken look in her eyes, one Nico had only ever seen once before. "You didn't mean to kill him," said Nico, sounding unusually gentle. They were silent for a minute, and then Reyna's eyes landed on the pile of paperwork on the table. Shaking her hair out of her eyes, she straightened. "This is pointless. We're wasting time. We've got work to do, remember?" Still looking worried, Nico hesitantly took a seat beside her. For the next twenty minutes, Reyna and Nico sifted through the paperwork, occasionally exchanging a few words. Most of their time was spent in silence. As they worked, Nico observed Reyna. She sat with her back straight and her head lowered, her dark hair in a tight braid. However, she had shadows under her eyes that those would didn't know her would mistake as a result of the lighting. But Nico knew they were dark circles from sleepless nights staying up in the Principia to finish paperwork that no one else would do. Nico liked Reyna and respected her. She had proven herself to be the bravest person he ever knew time and time again. But the main reason he considered her a close friend was because they understood each other. Both of them had dark secrets that they had kept all their lives. Both of them understood wanting to be alone. They shared a mutual fear of letting people in. But most of all, they trusted each other with their secrets. The minutes ticked by as Nico sat there, lost in thought. The hands on the old Roman clocker moved by. By the time they were finished, it was noon already, and Reyna and Nico both stood up to leave. "I should be heading back to Camp Half-Blood by now," Nico said. "See you next time?" Reyna nodded distractedly. Seeing that her mind was still in the paperwork, Nico left. Just as Reyna was turning to go, she felt a chill down her spine, as if she was being watched, and her old instincts awakened again. She whipped around, hand on her weapon. Long ago, Lupa had taught her vigilance. Upon seeing nothing, Reyna shook the feeling off, dismissing it as paranoia. She headed for her villa. By the time Reyna had finished most of her paperwork that day, it was afternoon, and she was just heading out of her villa to check up on the barracks. "Hey. Reyna!" Reyna turned. Beside her, Ethan from the fourth cohort was panting after catching up to her. "Octavian called a Senate meeting," Ethan said, still catching his breath. Reyna raised her eyebrows. "What for?" "I don't know, but it can't be good. Better hurry, Reyna. It starts now." Ethan set off at a run toward the Principia. Cursing, Reyna ran after him. When they reached the Principia, Octavian was the first to greet her. "Praetor." The word was clipped. "You're late." "Octavian. You called?" Reyna raised an eyebrow at him. "Yes. I believe I have some interesting news to share with the Senate." Octavian stood at the head of the Senate table, a dangerously triumphant smile on his face. Michael Kahale and Leila Rivers stood on either side of him, both of them looking reluctant and refusing to meet Reyna's eyes. The centurions fanned out behind them. Jason, Reyna noticed, sat in the praetor's seat. He had decided to keep his position as praetor, and was now acting as a diplomat between the two camps. "Officers Kahale and Rivers," Octavian said, a sick smile curling his lips, "Arrest Praetor Reyna." Reyna's expression was one of shock and anger. "On what grounds?" she demanded. "Patricide." Reyna felt the word like a punch, knocking the wind out of her at once. She felt her heart freeze. Struggling to keep her expression neutral, she steadied her voice and spoke. "I don't know what you're talking about." "Please." Octavian sneered. "Save the innocent act for someone who cares. For a girl with lie-detecting dogs, you're surprising bad at fooling people yourself." "Patricide?" Gwen stood up. After the war, she had decided to return to the Legion as centurion of the fifth cohort. "Octavian, you're out of your mind." Murmurs of agreement spread throughout the Principia. "Really? Is that so? Because I happen to have heard a confession from the praetor herself." Gwen fell silent, and a hush spread across the entire room. The eyes of the Senators bounced between her and Octavian, as if watching a particularly exciting game of Ping-Pong. Reyna prayed nobody could hear her heart pounding. Reyna's heart raced. How could Octavian have found out? No one, not even Jason, knew her secret. Except for Nico di Angelo, of course. But he had sworn not to tell anyone, and she trusted him. Bryce Lawrence had been the only one to hear her confession, and he was dead. But how he found out didn't matter anymore. What mattered was what she was going to do about Octavian. She could accuse him of treason and war crimes, but knowing Octavian, he would probably find a way to wriggle out of it. But there was no escaping patricide. She had killed her father, accident or no accident. And she knew the punishment. Jason stepped in front of her. "Back off, Octavian." Reyna felt a spark of anger that he of all people was defending her. Jason's hand was in his pocket, and Reyna knew him well enough to know that he was already fingering Ivlivs, just itching to pull it out on Octavian. "Ah, I see the Greek traitor has decided to show his face," Octavian sneered. "Tell me, Praetor Grace, what made you decide to leave your precious Greek camp and return here?" Murmurs rippled through the Principia. "Silence!" Reyna said, raising her voice. Immediately, the voices quieted and all eyes were on her. "Octavian, you have no evidence against me." "Actually, Praetor, multiple witnesses heard the conversation between you and Mr. Di Angelo this morning, myself included," Octavian said, the sadistic smile returning to his face. Reyna's shock registered on her face. Octavian had been spying on her? As she recalled all the private things she had mentioned in that conversation, she felt her face grow hot with embarrassment. Then, cold, hard anger replaced it. Octavian certainly acted fast. The conversation had taken place only a few hours ago. "As you see, Praetor, I have eyes and ears everywhere. And all of these witnesses can be depended on to testify against you, should it come to that. But you could save us a lot of trouble and yourself much embarrassment by simply confessing." "No." Her reply rang loud and clear across the Principia, and she lifted her chin to meet Octavian's gaze. "It's going to take a lot more than that, Octavian." A few of the centurions looked visibly relieved. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a small smile on Jason's face. "I am sure of that, Praetor," said Octavian, taking a step closer to her so that their faces were inches apart. His pale eyes held a promise, and it was all Reyna could do not to step back. Instead, she turned on her heel and marched out of the Principia, all too aware of the eyes on her. Outside, she leaned against the wall, taking deep breaths. With her back still to the wall, she slid into a sitting position, her heart still racing. Octavian was going to tell everyone. She had known it the moment she looked into his pale, dead eyes. Reyna was scared. What was going to happen to her? She doubted Octavian would really have her executed, and she had enough sense to know that the Senate would never allow that. But still, she felt a chill of fear remembering the look in his eyes. Octavian was the master of sneaking around and underhanded trickery. All it would take was a little digging into her past, and he could expose everything. Everything. Not just about her father's death, but about his insanity, their time on Circe's island, and Blackbeard's pirate ship… She thought about the looks on her friends' faces when they heard Octavian's accusation. How many of them would stand beside her? She remembered the look of shock on Dakota's face as she walked out of the Principia. And Gwen, sweet-tempered Gwen, who could always make her feel better, staring at Reyna as if she had never met her before. Sighing, she stood up. Inside, she could still hear Octavian's voice droning on and on, occasionally punctuated by angry interruptions from the other Senators. Sitting here thinking wasn't going