"Bella," my mother said with a sigh as she walked down the train platform toward me. She was in one of her high end fashionable dresses, making people's heads turn as she went. "Will you please try not to look so tortured?" I smile at her tightly. She sighs at this and walks closer, her high heels tapping loudly on the concrete. Like everything else in her life, they were new. "You know this is for the best. You can't stay at home by yourself all summer. You'll be lonely." "I'll be fine, Mom," I said. "I'm nineteen." She shook her head. "It's for the best." The best for you, I thought. The thing about my mother was that she always had good intentions that she never acted on. Growing up with Renée as your mother was always unpredictable. "Renée!" My step father, Phil, calls out to her by the car, tapping his watch. "We've got to get going if we want to make that flight!" My mother puts her hand up at him and then looks me up and down. "All right. Be good. I've already called Charlie and he says he'll be there to pick you up at the station. I'll call you tonight after our flight, okay?" "Yes." The train in the distance lets out a honk and we both jump, startled. "Bella," she says, and she pulls me close, burying her face in my black hair I had dyed this morning- she had nearly had a meltdown in the kitchen when she saw it. My small act of rebellion. "Please don't be mad. Okay?" I hug her back, even though I am mad. I had planned to be completely cold this morning as the train pulled in, wanting her to feel guilty all summer while she was traveling around the country with Phil on his stupid baseball season. But I was spineless. I pull away and walk toward the train. "I love you," she calls as the doors open. "I love you too," I said. When I got to my seat I looked out the window and found her standing by the station door. She waved, in her fashionable glory, and I waved back, even as the lump formed hard and throbbing in the back of my throat. Then I put on my headphones, turned up my music as loud as I could, and closed my eyes as the train slipped away. It hadn't always been like this. In my earliest memory when I was four, I am wearing overalls and sitting on top of a café bench, eating small bites of lemon slice. It's a really hot day and my mother is bouncing around a café in her worn out sneakers, her hair tied back severely on her make up free face. But every ten minutes or so she would shoot me a smile, or kiss my forehead, asking, 'Are you all right, baby girl?" Most of my early memories are all of this café back in Phoenix- and they were always happy. My mother and I were all we had and that was enough. It was always us. Before she met Phil, she was a super woman. Renée was a college drop out who had worked eleven hour shifts at a thankless café job to support us. My first year of high school she had starting doing night shifts and bartending to pay for rent and my schooling, which meant I rarely saw her. When I did she was an exhausted shell of a person, barely capable of stringing a sentence together. So I took care of the cleaning, cooking and made sure the bills were paid on time. One day, after driving home from work exhausted, Renee had accidentally smashed into a fancy sports car in a parking lot. Since she was broke and had no ways of paying to fix it, she had burst into a fit of tears in front of the owner. The owner of that car had been Phil, my famous baseball playing stepfather. He had charmed her into a date. At first, Renée had went out of guilt over the car. Then she started seeing him every week. Then that turned into twice a week until eventually she had brought him home to meet me. Phil coming into our lives had, on paper, made things better. My mother had quit her night job and eventually her café job too. When they were engaged, she had unofficially become Phil's manager- a career she didn't realise she was talented at. Within a year we had moved out of our shoe box apartment and into a house with a pool and my very own bathroom, with Phil included. Sometimes I still think of us together in that café, me half asleep at the end of her shift while she hummed under her breath, serving coffee. I missed that version of my mother. I barely recognised the new one, with her designer handbags and expensive makeup. When the train pulls into Forks an eternity later, the only person waiting was my father. He was in his uniform, but he is exactly as I remembered him from when I was a child. It had been nearly ten years since I had seen Charlie in person. I stood on the platform, squinting at him. "Bella," my father says, his eyes taking me in, shocked. I was sure Renée had sent him a few photos over the years, but I guess seeing your little girl as a woman was still strange. We talk a few times a year over the phone, but the conversations were very short and to the point. The two of us were very blunt people. I looked up as he took a few steps toward me and we both half hug each other. When we pull away its so awkward I debate throwing myself in front of the next train. We were stuck with each other for the entire summer. "Those yours?" he said, pointing at the bags in my hand. I nodded and he took them. We don't say a word as we get into the police cruiser. There is a heavy silence as he drives us to town through the tree lined streets. Charlie Swan was not a terrible person- he paid Renée double child support right up until I turned eighteen and he always made sure we were all right. Of course we weren't, but Renée was much too proud of a woman to ask an ex husband for help. If anything, Charlie was lazy. Sure he called on my birthday and Christmas, like every obligated family member does. But that was the extent of our relationship. I had stopped coming to Forks for the summer, despising the small town. Charlie worked long hours and I was always bored and by myself. Once the trips stopped, the communication between us kind of stopped too. Until Renée called him up and asked if I could stay with him for the next six weeks. While I was nineteen and capable of looking after myself, Renée insisted that I come here, and I did. Because I was spineless. I think Renée was worried I was going down the same path as her and I needed supervision while she was gone. I had recently completed my first year of college and hated it with a passion. When I told her I had considered dropping out it had been bad. When Renée had seen me last year kissing a boy named Jacob, she freaked out even more, thinking I was going to be knocked up, just like her. So I dumped Jacob and I was going back unwillingly in the fall to study international relations and French, all while screaming internally. "So, how was the train ride?" Charlie asks. The car smells super clean, and I was positive not a speck of dust would be found. It was weird being in a car that had a barrier between the seats and I wonder if Charlie ever had anyone dangerous sitting in the back. "Fine," I say. I catch a glimpse of myself in the mirror and barely recognise myself with my new black hair. The radio suddenly cuts through the silence, and a woman's voice talks, saying a bunch of numbers and codenames. After she was finished, Charlie sighed. He glances at me. "I have to stop at the station before we get home. I'm sorry, I know you've been on the train all day." I shrug calmly, even though I am dying for a shower and a bed. "No worries." Forks is so small that we are there in under ten minutes. Charlie mutters something under his breath and gets out, heading inside. I step out of the car, look around, and then take the cigarette pack that I had been hiding from Renée that morning. As I take a drag I crinkle my nose, but not at the tobacco scent- I could smell the ocean from here. The sky was beginning to darken as well and my stomach growled- I had not eaten today. Ten minutes pass and I take out another cigarette. "You know I've read somewhere that those things will kill you," a smooth voice drawls. I nearly jump and whirl around. At the head of Charlie's police cruiser, a man stands, his hands in his pockets. "So I've heard," is all I say back. He takes a step towards me, but I can't make out his face in the dark. "Mind if I have one?" "You aren't worried about the death it will cause?" He shrugs his shoulders. "Normally I would be. But today has been a difficult day for me, you see. And sometimes I like to live dangerously. For example, right now I am wearing white socks." "That's living dangerously?" "Oh yes." I notice that the man's accent is thick southern. "I start work in ten minutes, and if my boss sees me in white socks he'll probably fire me." I'm silent. "Because… my uniform is suppose to be all black." "You're right. That is wild." "I told you. Sometimes I live dangerously." Wordlessly, I hold out the pack to him, and his slender fingers plucked one out. I pull out my lighter and flip it, and the flame briefly flickers across the man's face, revealing vibrant green eyes and honey blond hair. "Thanks," he breaths out the smoke. Then coughs. "Wow. That is complete shit. How do you smoke those?" In spite of myself I smile. "You're suppose to inhale slowly. Like this." I demonstrate, slowly inhaling then exhaling. The entire time I feel his eyes watching me. Then he mirrors my actions- but he shakes his head in disgust, "Sometimes I live dangerously and then immediately regret it." "Isabella?" At the sound of my father's voice, I panic. Even though I am an adult and well within my rights to smoke, I quickly stomp on my cigarette and then shove the whole pack in the man's hand, who glances at me in shock. I do this all just as Charlie stops in front of us. He looks over at the man. "I didn't know you were a smoker, Jasper," he says disapprovingly. The man, Jasper, hastily steps on his cigarette as though he was a schoolboy being reprimanded by a teacher, "Er, yes sir. I smoke. Everyday." Charlie looks at him, and then at me. "I see you've met my daughter?" Jasper glances at me and nods. "Just passing the time before my shift starts." "I've sorted out your problem. Charges are dropped since there is no evidence against you, but if you pull a stunt like that again I'm leaving you in the cell." Jasper nods, and then salutes. "Thanks a million, chief, I better head out. Nice meeting you, Isabella." He brushes past us and out onto the road without looking for cars, making a beeline towards a small diner. Charlie and