April 10, 2016 Welcome to a new short adventure. Enjoy, review, and give me feedback. I own nothing, I write for fun, and this all started with a dream I had- well trying to escape part. A for Alaska & A for Argus Bella POV That drunken feeling wouldn't let me concentrate. I was at the movie theaters by myself. Finally . This whole town was insane. They believed that I was his property and anything I did was informed to him. I just laughed out loud while the cashier pushed a paper toward me. No people this tab wasn't for me well it was, but it meant that this was paid by him because I was his "property." Argus it read. I signed furiously and added a few cussing words on the paper for him. He would know I came if he didn't know it yet. Of course he would , I mumbled. I was supposed to have dinner with him and I fled. I hated him. I hated him for taking me away from my life. I hated him for thinking I was perfect for him. What kind of twisted mind does that douche bag have. I was walking toward that movie room and I didn't even know what movie I was going to watch. Has it been a few months that I've been stuck here or more than a year? I was going insane. I felt my hope drifting away. There were no calendars here or phones. I was assigned to arrest this man, but now I was the one kept in this town. This man was dangerous and he knew who I was and what my purpose was. Instead of killing me he decided to keep me as if I was his pet of some sort. He thought he could romance me, but that only further drove me insane. He seemed to enjoy my rejections, he was a sadist. I kept my name to myself though and that satisfied me greatly knowing that he didn't know my real name just my profession. I felt great about that. It was something about me he didn't know. I wanted to leave this town, believe me I tried. This town was surrounded by his people and even the people of this town snitched. They thought he was their savior or some type of guy that did good for them. I scoffed at the idea. They were all crazy. These people were brainwashed every day with his propaganda blasting through the speakers of this community. Every day, every three hours, there was some type of publicity. It was this town, in the middle of Alaska versus the rest of the world. The government knew something was going on when they lost contact, but they didn't know it was this extreme. I rubbed my temple as I sat inside the theater. I was beginning to panic inside. I really wanted to run off, but every time I tried to escape it resulted in broken bones of some sort or a bullet. My shoulder had been hit, my ankles twisted, fractures, and another bullet on my leg. I was caught every time and I had to leave before he went forward with his idea of marriage. Bastard. Every time I got injured I lost track of time because I usually passed out and no one told me the days I'd been asleep. I let the dizziness of the alcohol hit me. I wanted to enjoy this before he ruined my fun. I giggled when the previews began playing. This town is very much isolated but they keep entertainment , I thought to myself. The irony of this town. I felt my subconscious beginning to take over before the movie even started. Argus was going to come anyways, so I didn't have to worry about being taken advantage of by random people. He was creepy, but having his men looking out when I was alone was not so bad because I didn't have a care in the world. His men would just shove me in the car, dump me in the room, and keep me there for a few days for running away. Argus would be mad especially because I drank and left him alone at our so called "date." I started to remember my friends. How when many of them disappeared on missions and I went to look for them. I've been here for months, I was abandoned. I felt my eyes beginning to sting. They left me behind. No one was coming for me and I was beginning to lose myself. Maybe the brainwashing was working, I laughed humorlessly. Lately I felt vulnerable and my pride was beginning to disappear along with my hope of being saved. I opened my eyes and looked at the few people in the room. Hate the people and the town. I turned around to my side and I didn't realize there was a guy next to me. Who the heck chooses to sit next to a person in the movie theaters when there are so many empty seats, I thought to myself. Talk about personal space. He had his psychology all wrong. The guy was looking directly at the screen and I just stared. He was very attractive. The lights were darkened, but I could see that his face was nicely sculptured, his nose was nice and straight. He had long eyelashes, and amazing messy hair. It looked light brown, but I wasn't too sure. He was wearing a casual black jacket, well all of it was black. He looked nice, but he had on running shoes which looked out of place with his whole outfit, but he made it work. He was still very attractive. I continued to glance at him throughout the movie, but he never looked my way. He was very serious and stoic throughout the whole movie. When the lights flickered on I grabbed my handbag and laughed at the situation. I couldn't have a crush on him already he was a guy from this town no matter how good looking he was. I was beginning to walk away when I was abruptly pulled from my arm. I spun around to face him. He was so gorgeous and handsome. This man could seriously be my dream guy. He was about six feet tall. Lanky yet I could see his muscles through his shirt. His face was clean and his eyes were so pretty. They were green. A clear and bright green. His hair was messy and soft looking, his jawline was so perfect. He suddenly grinned at me and I stared at him with confusion when I realized he was looking at me too. I raised my eyebrow questioningly. He raised his and crossed his arms as if he were playing along with me. I scoffed and turned around again. I didn't have time for this no matter how hot he was. If I didn't go back willingly Argus would make the punishment worse. I had to hurry immediately. I turned around once again and when I took about two steps he pulled my arm and spun me around again. I wasn't going to deny that my heart beat sped up. When his hand touched my arm, my skin tingled through the fabric. I wondered how it would feel to be in his arms. No stop imagining useless stuff, I argued with myself as I looked up at his eyes. "Listen…" I began, "I don't have time for playing games, please let me go." I stated as I pulled away from his grasp. He chuckled and that only further angered me. I sighed in frustration and instead of turning around like I had before I just walked backwards while facing him just in case he grabbed my arm again. He followed my steps and he just looked straight at me. I gulped as I felt nervousness creep up. Was he working for Argus? Who the heck was he and why was I feeling this way? When I reached the end of the seats I paused slightly and gave him one last look before turning around. My stomach dropped because walking away felt wrong. I had taken about five steps when he was right behind me again. I could feel his presence. I looked around the room and it was empty. Thank the heavens because I didn't want anyone to snitch on me again. I felt confidence erupt in me. He was going to tell me why he was following me. I whipped around and waited for him to speak. He had paused and just looked at me with his amazing eyes. The seconds passed and we both never broke away the contact. His smile widened instantly and then he laughed. I was astonished. This was really not a funny situation. After his laughter subsided he came closer and just looked at me. This man was trying to read me. I'm pretty sure he could spot my confusion. Was he just a crazy creep? "Hi." He said and put his hand up, waving. His voice hit me and I just started to tear up. No one besides Argus had spoken to me this whole time. Everyone ignored me or chose to run away when they spotted me. It was as if I didn't exist. This man had a nice voice too. I wanted to hear him speak more. "Hi." I whispered back. I started to clear away my eyes because I honestly didn't want to cry in front of this attractive stranger. I looked back at him and his face was no longer happy he looked worried. He put his hand out and I just stared at it. His hand was coming forward and before I knew it was caressing my cheek. I was flabbergasted. That spot though was on fire and I sighed before I could stop myself. "Who are you?" I whispered. When I looked at his eyes again he looked like a broken man. His eyes looked very sad. He cleared his throat and pulled his hand away. He balled his hand up into a fist at his side and I instantly missed the contact. "You don't remember me?" He asked. He looked at me with so much determination like he wanted me to say yes, but I couldn't remember. He was so beautiful I just couldn't forget him. I had never met him before. I was sure of it. I shook my head and waited for him to continue. He turned around and punched the wall in anger. I didn't know how to react. I took a step back, maybe he was dangerous, I thought. He quickly whipped his around like a crazy man when I took a step back and I felt fear sneak up. What was his problem? "Listen…" He began, "You don't remember me now, but we have to react fast." "React fast?" I asked. I knew him? Who was he? I tried to think, but nothing came up. "Yes... I came here to save you." He started as he took my hand in his. "Save me?" I mumbled. How were we going to escape? I was never able to. "Yes we're getting out of here today, right now." He quickly said as he pulled me toward the exit. Getting out was impossible. I pulled my hand away and stepped back. He halted and looked at me questionably. "We can't escape believe me I tried." I muttered. He sighed in frustration and he took my hand in his again. "Are you even listening to me?" I asked as I raised my voice. If I didn't get out Argus was going to strangle me. I didn't want any more pain. "I am listening, but it's all useless rambling. We need to get out now or we're going to be stuck here." He explained as he pulled a black cap on his head and he took one