This is for Lavender Flame's All Hallow's Eve horror challenge on Starvation forums. My character was Maysilee Donner. The Fear Factor by SassySunshine Age 12 "Maysilee, let me tell you. Some of the most horrific things I've ever seen had zero blood or gore or violence. They were mind tricks, Mays, and let me tell you, they were bad mind tricks," Mother tells me the first time I'm eligible for the Reaping. I nod absently, much more focused on the other people I may be potentially Reaped with. A lot more of them are coal miners from the Seam, dressed in dingy, worn clothes covered in coal dust, as opposed to the lesser number of us from the merchant class, with our much neater, cleaner clothes. "Maysilee, are you listening?" I don't reply. Instead, I head off to the check-in desk where all of the potential tributes are lined up. At the head of the line is a table with a bored-looking Capitol lady seated there to take our blood samples so we can enter the Reaping area. I see my best friend, Iris Saller, standing in line up ahead. My twin sister Anika is now talking to Mother, probably being told the same fact that Mother told me. To me, right now, it's a pointless fact. Maybe in a few years, I'll listen to it again, because then I'll have a higher chance of being reaped into the Hunger Games. "Name please," the lady at the desk says when I reach the front of the line. "Maysilee Donner," I reply briskly. The lady flips a few pages in a book and finds the part of it that reads Donner, Maysilee on it, with a big box underneath for the fingerprint. She sticks a needle into my pointer finger, in the top of it, and quickly presses the blood down on the page. My finger is then wiped, and a scanner goes over the blood. "Maysilee Donner. Age Twelve. District 12," the scanner says when it's done scanning. The lady motions me into the Reaping area. I do so promptly, without hesitation. I make my way over to where all of the twelve-year-olds are located, and I quickly find Iris. "Maysilee!" Iris says in excitement as she embraces me. "Hey Iris. Are you nervous about the Reaping?"I respond. "Meh, maybe a little. But it's probably not going to be us," Iris answers optimistically. I nod, hoping she's right. And I am right. Within the next few minutes, the ceremony starts. Our escort from the Capitol, a lady with mauve purple curls, faint bluish skin, gold eyes, and many curly orange tattoos takes the stage. Her bright red heels clack on the stage as she walks up enthusiastically to the microphone to get the ceremony started. After making several long, obligatory speeches and showing us the mandatory video, she goes to the girls' reaping bowl first, as always, to draw the name. It's not many of the merchant kids who are worried, maybe except the older ones who have their names in the most, but the kids from the Seam. Especially here in the twelve-year-old section. "Judith Thread!" the escort announces. A Seam girl, about fifteen, walks nervously onto the stage. She is soon followed by a 17-year-old Seam boy named George Henderson. The two tributes shake hands and are announced to the rest of us before they are taken away. … These Hunger Games are about to start. Judith and George stand on their tribute plates around the Cornucopia, waiting for the gong to sound so they can start running. The arena this year is quite something. This year, the Cornucopia is on a rock platform directly above an active volcano. Rope bridges are the only way the tributes can get from their plates, which are on the outer edges of the mouth of the volcano, to the Cornucopia. Something tells me that it's a Gamemaker trap that, when whoever makes a camp in the Cornucopia, like the Careers usually do, the volcano will erupt with no warning. WHOOSH-ING. That is the gong sounding. As soon as it rings, some tributes dart down the side of the volcano into a thick jungle while others head straight for the mouth of the Cornucopia. I watch as George sprints into an area of the jungle that is closer to a sandy beach. Then it dawns on me that this is no beach. The entire arena is an island with a giant Gamemaker volcano right in the center. This could be quite disastrous for all of the tributes, especially depending on when the Gamemakers decide to set off the volcano. Judith, George…it's for the both of you I'm most worried. … It's been two days only, and fourteen tributes are dead. That leaves only ten to remain fighting to the death. Miraculously, both of our tributes have pulled through to this point. Right now the camera is on Judith, who is now alone because the most recent death was Judith's ally, a girl from 7. Judith walks alone through the jungle, tripping on undergrowth every five minutes. Her only weapon right now is the ax she managed to escape with when her ally died. She has no supplies and no water as of right now. "All I need to do is find George. He'll know what to do from here. After all, he allied with my ally's district partner…I think. Not sure. I think so," Judith mutters to herself, but the more she talks, the more confused she gets. "Who killed Mariana? Was it Ricki, or was it Joanie?" she speaks aloud to herself. That's when the cameras pick up noises she doesn't. The camera pans to a tribute following a few feet behind Judith. When the Gamemakers zoom in on the tribute, I realize it is none other than Mariana's murderer, Scythe, from District 1. Judith has been suspecting all of the wrong people. Personally, I believe the trauma induced by Mariana's death has sent Judith into a state of not denial, but overall into utter confusion. Maybe it was so bad she involuntarily blocked the memory from her mind, and that's why Scythe hasn't been named as any of her suspects yet. "No…no it wasn't Joanie. It was definitely Ricki," Judith mutters. If only Judith would remember Ricki was the death right before Mariana. And if only she realized Scythe is following her at a close distance, with a knife in his hand, an array of knives in his jacket, and a sword hooked onto his belt. Judith, you better start running. … Judith and George are still alive three days later. Scythe is still following Judith around the arena. The Games are down to six tributes now: Joanie, Judith, George, Scythe, a girl from 3 named Harriet, and Mariana's district partner Randall. "Maysilee," Anika calls from the front door, "I'm going out to hang out with Iris. Do you want to come? The Games are going to end in a few days, but for now it looks like nothing is happening." I look at the TV again and see Scythe is still cautiously following Judith. I slowly get up from my spot, whispering a good-bye to the tributes on the screen before I grab a blue sweatshirt and head out with Anika to go see Iris. … When we finally find Iris, she's in her parents' apothecary shop, stacking up the medicines and watching the Games on the TV. Her gaze is more focused on the TV than the medicine – a rare occasion unless something big is happening with the tributes. When the bell above the door rings, signaling the entrance for Anika and I, Iris hurriedly waves us over to the TV. "Guys! Something huge is happening!" she exclaims. "And you said it was boring when we left," I say accusingly to Anika as we hurry over to the television screen. The screen – well, at least the cameras in the arena – are shaking violently, and a loud rumbling noise is occurring. "The volcano!" Anika exclaims. Iris, Anika, and I hop over the counter to get a closer look. Judith is running to the beach when fireballs from the volcano start to rain down. Through the ash and smoke, I can make out George being chased by Joanie. "Oh my goodness. They'd better hurry outta there fast," a boy calls, walking into the store. It's Johnny Mellark, son of the baker. He's had a crush on Iris for a while now, and it clearly shows the way he holds her as the two of them watch the tributes running toward the saltwater ocean. Or, what I can hope is a saltwater ocean. Then I see it. Out of the corner of my eye, I see another tribute running from amidst the jungle. It's Harriet, and she has some sort of weapon in her hands. I believe it's a mace. I wasn't aware of how good she was with the weapon, but as she throws it across the sand and clocks Randall on the head with it, I can see now that she was a tribute to be fearful of from the beginning. Randall falls into the sand, with his skull visibly cracked, but no blood at all. A cannon fires, but you can barely hear it over the volcano. "Is this the finale?" Anika asks. "I would believe so, though it's only six days into the Games," Johnny pipes up. "Well, that's odd that they're ending the Games this early, with six tributes left," Iris says. But something gets the better of me. Something looms over my head. "No," I say aloud. "They're going to break the tributes. Anyone left standing will have to survive the island with molten lava everywhere." … I was right. After Randall died, Joanie went down. George went insane after Randall died, and he stayed away from Judith after that. Scythe and Harriet are their biggest opponents now. All four tributes are scattered on the island three days after the volcanic eruption, climbing over the now-cooled and solid volcanic rock. That's when the mutts come in. The mutts are strange, vampiric creatures with the physical construction of a wolf mutt. They have wings, too, fangs, and the sharpest claws I've ever seen in watching the Hunger Games. The first tribute to go down by a mutt is none other than George. The mutt tackles him, and pins him onto the ground so he can't move. The ragged breathing of the mutt blows into George's face and his nose screws up with disgust at the inevitably pungent smell. The mutt smiles maliciously, something that makes George cower with fear. The mutt first licks George's face, as if getting a taste for him. Then the mutt bites off a chunk of his shoulder. George cries out and tries to grab his knife. He manages to get it out of his pants pocket and jab it into the mutt's side. The mutt screeches a gurgled and strangled cry. This causes it to only press down harder on George. I turn the TV off when I see the mutt go for the kill. … "Oh, my GOSH. Did you see George get mauled by that mutt last night? That was pure insanity. I can believe they let that air all over Panem. It was disgusting!" Haymitch Abernathy, being the immature twelve-year-old he is, says to me the next morning in school. I nod absently, trying not to pay attention. Haymitch grins at me when he realizes I did not, in fact, watch George get mauled…entirely. He pokes me in the shoulder. "You got grossed out and turned off the TV, didn't ya, you pansy?" he remarks. I shut my locker and turn to him roughly. "Haymitch Abernathy, I am certainly not a pansy. I had a gang of three boys run away from me when I was seven because I was the only seven-year-old girl in