Bella's decision I finally decided what to do to get away from this piece of shit town to forget ****ward and his family. It has been three months since he left me in the woods and I found out about the wolves that are supposed to protect humans from vampires. I found out by accident when I pissed off one so bad he phased right in front of me and my best friend Jacob Black turned out to be one too. After that whole situation I decided to write a letter to the Vultori and tell them what happened to me. I also wanted to see if they will change me and let me join their guard. Bella's letter Dear Mr. Vultori, I am a human I know about your kind. I know that you are a vampire I was wondering if you could come and change me into one of you. I know you are wondering how I know about your kind. I know because I dated someone that was a vampire. He and his family live in the same town as me and went to school together. Their names are Edward, Carlisle, Esme, Alice, and Emmett Cullen with Jasper and Rosalie Hale. I know it is against your laws to know about your kind but I found out on my own accord but then we ran into another vampire named James and tried to kill me. James didn't succeed and the Cullen's killed him instead of me dying. I also know that some vampires have gifts I know about yours and how you can read any thought someone has ever had by touch. I don't think your gift will work on me though. I don't think yours will work because since Edward couldn't read my mind and you have some what the same gift it won't work on me. You are probably wondering how I found out about the Vultori. I found out about you Marcus and Caius because of the picture of you that hangs in Carlisle's office of you so Edward told be about you. I want to join the Vultori but I can't afford a plane ticket to Vulterra so you will either have to buy one for me or come and get me. I also know that you are enemies of werewolves I just want to let you know that there are shape shifters here in Forks and they shape into giant wolves and will kill you if you go onto their land or drink from a human from town. Please I don't care what you do as long as you get me out of this miserable town. I will wait as long as I need to get out of here. From Isabella Marie Swan Aro's gets the letter and his reaction I was sitting in my office when Jane came in with a letter. I took the letter from Jane and told her to leave. I took my time to open the letter and when I did I was so shocked that I broke my ancient Victorian desk in half. When my brothers Marcus and Caius came in asking what's wrong so I just handed them the letter. They had the same reaction as me but instead of desk Caius punched a wall and Marcus just paced. When we calmed down enough we talked about what to do. Marcus said we should take her up on her offer to join the guard but Caius just said we should send someone to kill her and get it over with. As I was thinking and idea hit me. I told them we'll go to Forks and get the girl and change her to make her our queen. Then we'll call the Cullens in and say we know what they did and prosecute them. Towards the end of the trial we will introduce our queen and she will be the one to kill them. But first I must write a letter to Isabella to let her know we're on our way. My brothers agreed with me and said it was a good idea and we need to get ready to leave in 2 weeks' time so it will give Bella time to get things in order. After that my brothers left to get ready. When I was alone I called Heidi to come in. when she came in and bowed saying master like an everyday thing. I told her I want a room ready for a guest that will be coming in 3 weeks' time. I told her I want the room near my room so that Isabella with be able to come to me if she has any questions. After that I told her she is dismissed and to get to work. When she left I quickly got to work writing my letter to young Isabella. Dear Miss. Swan, I am glad to say we will accept your offer to change you and to join the Vultori under the condition that you become our queen and help us rule. We will also be coming to pick you up and change you once we get back. I will also like to test your theory about me not being able to use my gift on you and also see if and of the guards gifts work on you as well if you will let me. We will be picking you up in two weeks' time and be leaving at the end of the week. We will be leaving so late because we will need time to fake your death and leave no evidence that it was a set up. Caius wouldn't have been happy to be ripped apart by them. We will see you in 2 weeks have a good time and prepare everything that you wish to bring with you to your new home. From, Aro Vultori Bella gets her letter from Aro When I got home from another depressing day of school I checked the mail to see if I got a letter from Mr. Vutori. When I saw a letter with a wax seal on it I got so excited I almost passed out cause of the use of all my energy left. When I read the letter again I realized that I only have a week to get ready for them to come and get me. As I was getting ready my dad got home and asked me what I was doing I told him I got into a really good collage. Charlie said good job I didn't know you applied to a collage out of the country. You better do good and come to visit when you can and don't do anything to crazy. Ok dad I won't do anything crazy. Charlie said how will you be getting there and pay for each semester. Oh yeah I got a full ride so I don't have to pay for anything. Ok dad I'm kind of getting tired so I'm going to go to sleep now. Night dad! Night Bells! Charlie said. Over the next week I was getting ready for the Vultori to come and get me. I spent as much time as I could with my dad. When the day finally came for the Vultori to come I was so excited. Also over the week I gained my weight back from when ****ward left me in the woods. When the Vultori got here my dad was at work so we worked on a plan to convince my dad I was dead after I left. When Aro first got here and I looked into his eyes I started to feel a strange pull. After we were done planning my death the Vultori left to go feed and check out the wolves while I am asleep. Aro sees Bella and deals with the wolves When I first got to Isabella's house I was shocked by how pretty she was. That was when I realized I found my mate after over 3000 years of being alone. I think Marcus saw the bond because once he saw it he grabbed my hand to show me. With that as proof I promised I will do anything to keep her safe and well cared for. Once we decided on how to fake Isabella's death we left so she could get some rest and to deal with the wolves my Isabella told us about. After she fell asleep I ran to the most expensive jewelry store in this shithole of a state and bought and engagement ring that has a blood red ruby ring for her because I knew I would need it one day no longer how long I had to wait for it to come I was willing if it meant I get my mate at the end. Once we found were the smell of wet dog was coming from we decided to send the rest of the guard to kill them once we got my Isabella back home where she belongs. We had a close call on our way to our hotel with the wolves but managed to get away with the help of Jane's gift. In our hotel I was thinking of a way to get amore mio to fall in love with me. As I was thinking of Isabella I was thinking of what I could do to that beautiful skin of hers. How soft and warm it will feel under my hands. How it will feel to have her bare skin under me while we make passionate love in our bed. To just show her how much I love her and that I will love her for all of our lives. Over the past couple of days I have gotten to know Isabella more and her me. I learned so many things about my love some of it really surprised me. What surprised me was that she loves to read and that she loves to cook. At one point in the middle of the week she asked me to go on a walk with her alone and I was really surprised that she wished to be alone with a monster like me that could kill her in under a minute. Bella why is it that you wanted to go on a walk with someone like me. "So I could do something I've been thinking about for a while now" Isabella said. What would it be that you wanted to do my dear? "I wanted to get you alone and kiss you" said Isabella After she said that she just kissed me on the lips it was such a surprise that I froze. She did something that no mortal has ever been able to do. When I got out of my shock I started to kiss her back. As I kissed her my arms somehow found their way to her waste and pulled her closer so I deepened the kiss. When she pulled away we were both breathing hard even though I didn't need to breathe. When her breathing calmed down I smelt something so sweet I just wanted to taste it. Whatever it was that I smelt it made want to claim my mate over and over again. Once I thought that I realized it was Isabella's arousal I got hard really fast it almost hurt. When I got hard I pulled Isabella into another kiss and I think she felt what she did to me because she became even more aroused and started to grind on me and moan. When I heard her moan I let out a growl and pushed her up against a tree. From there I got so lost I didn't realize what I was doing until I could smell a wolf near us and looked down and saw we were both naked and I was on my stomach with two of my fingers in her. When I saw that I got us dressed rather quickly and ran us