Welcome, welcome to Weasley Girl: Secrets of the Past! (I considered calling this story " Weasley Girl 2: Weasley Girl Harder," but decided that'd just sound like an unfortunate innuendo and the joke wasn't that funny anyway.) For any new readers: In case you couldn't guess from the above statement, this is the sequel to my previous fic, Weasley Girl. I do suggest you read that before you read this one, but the premise is that Ron Weasley was born a girl, named Veronica "Ronnie" Weasley - and a different Weasley dynamic and slightly different relationships has led to a butterfly effect that made for a very different first year at Hogwarts for Harry and friends. Now, second year is about to start, and will probably be different too... Just as a warning: I've decided to rate this one T rather than the K+ from Weasley girl; partly because most of it will be from Ronnie's POV, and the girl likes to swear... and partly because the story will be a little darker. There will be at least one character death this time around. *dramatic music!* WEASLEY GIRL: SECRETS OF THE PAST Based on the Harry Potter books by J. K. Rowling CHAPTER ONE The Rescue Just outside the village of Ottery St Catchpole, nestled in between rolling hills, trees and meadows — and so hidden that even the postman didn't know how to find it — stood a tall and crooked house. The few people who knew of its existence called it 'the Burrow.' The Burrow was like no other house in or around the village, or for that matter, any other house in England. It looked like it had been put together (in an extremely slapdash and illogical way) by spare rooms from other houses, by someone who had only the faintest idea of what a finished house should look like, and a casual observer might very well expect it to tumble down at the first strong breeze. The fact that it hadn't could be attributed to one very important factor: The Weasley family, who called the Burrow their home, were all wizards and witches, and knew how to magically make sure that the house with its many extensions didn't have to worry about pesky things like gravity or other physical laws in order to stay up. Good thing too, because the Burrow was never what you'd call a serene and peaceful place. With a father who obsessed over Muggle contraptions, a mother whose voice could be heard for miles around, five teenage sons and two pre-teen daughters, the oldest of whom was always bringing home stray animals, there wasn't enough hours in the day for peace and quiet. Especially not when you added to the mix an attic ghoul, an impossible number of garden gnomes, several free-roaming chickens and of course all the useful if noisy things that tend to gather in a wizard home over the years. Even when night had fallen and everyone were supposed to be asleep, you could never be quite sure that someone wasn't awake and plotting something. Veronica and Ginevra Weasley, known to friends and family as simply 'Ronnie,' and 'Ginny, ' were lying in their beds in the room they shared on the first floor, fully dressed under their covers, and waiting for everyone else in the house to go to sleep. Ginny shifted in her bed. "It's been ten minutes since Mum went upstairs," she whispered. Ronnie glanced at the clock on the wall, right above the cage where Ginny's pet rat Scabbers was sleeping. The hand had moved from BEDTIME to LONG PAST BEDTIME, and was slowly inching its way towards I MEAN IT, GIRLS, STOP TALKING AND GO TO SLEEP. "Give her ten more minutes to be on the safe side," she said. "She always takes some time going to sleep when Dad's not home." "She sometimes takes a long time going to sleep then Dad is home too," said Ginny with a slight giggle. "You know, when they're —" "Yes, I know, thank you!" Ronnie felt herself go pink. She knew her parents hadn't had seven children by holding hands, and anyone with such a keen interest in animals would soon be robbed of any illusions they might have had about where babies came from, but in the case of her parents she was perfectly happy not knowing the details. Ginny cheerfully stuck out her tongue, but Ronnie ignored her and instead turned around to look at the small pile of letters on her bedside table. It was all the letters she'd got this Summer, and on the top of the pile were the ones she'd got from Hermione and Neville. Partly to signal to Ginny that any discussion about their parents and their, er, sleeping habits would be ignored, and partly to kill the ten minutes she had given herself, she picked one letter from the stack, rolled over on her back, folded it out and began reading. It wasn't too difficult making out Hermione's neat handwriting even in the relative darkness of the room: Dear Ronnie, Thank you for your letter (and for the Chocolate Frog! I hid it from my parents because they don't like me eating sweets in the middle of the week, but as long as I brush my teeth afterwards there's no danger!). I hope you're still enjoying your holiday. I'm simultaneously enjoying it and being extremely frustrated by it. I love being back home with my parents, and you wouldn't believe how much I appreciate all the small Muggle things that I took for granted before. (Television, Ronnie! You've probably never seen it, and honestly I've never been much of one for it before, but I had no idea how much I would miss not being able to catch up on certain programs! I'm going to show you one day!) At the same time, I miss Hogwarts, and I miss being able to use magic. I know it's against the rules to use magic outside school and in front of Muggles, but sometimes I wish I could do just a little in front of Mum and Dad. Just so, I don't know, they'd be able to see what I was learning. I can of course share my written notes or the Summer essays, but it's not like in primary school, when I could show them my school work and get their help and opinions, because when it comes to magic they know less than I do. Do you ever get your parents' help with schoolwork, or maybe your brothers'? That was a stupid question. You haven't even started on any of the Summer assignments, have you? Don't try to lie; I know you haven't. What I miss most of all, however is you. And the boys, of course. Mum and Dad are great, but I can't talk to them the way I can to you. Have you heard from either Harry or Neville? I haven't heard anything from Harry, but Neville sent me a letter. Poor boy, he's come down with a cold and his Gran barely lets him leave his room. I sent him a letter telling him about various Muggle home remedies for the common cold, but I don't know if they'll work for him. I'm really worried about Harry, though. He never seems to want to talk about it, but I don't think his Muggle relatives are treating him well. You'll let me know if you hear something, won't you? Say hello to your family for me! Love, Hermione Ronnie read that paragraph about Harry again, and her stomach twisted a little. But ten minutes had not yet passed, so Ronnie grabbed another letter from the pile; this one written in Neville's slightly less tidy handwriting: Dear Ronnie, Hope you're well? Hope you're better than me, at least, because I've caught the worst cold I've ever had. And I discovered another drawback to being immune to potions: Pepper-Up Potion doesn't work at all, so now I have a sore throat, a stuffy nose and about a hundred coughing fits an hour. Gran barely lets me get out of bed, but she does at least allow me to write in bed. I've been writing to quite a few people, and at least one of them should be of interest to Harry. I won't tell you who it is in case Harry wants to say it himself. I've written to him about it, so he should know. If he even got the letter. I don't know. He promised to write, but he hasn't. Maybe the Muggles he lives with don't let him have letters? He hardly ever talks about them, but they don't sound like very nice people. Or maybe he's sick too? I hope he's all right. Now I realise I'm just talking about myself and Harry in this letter. I'm thinking a lot about you too, and Hermione, of course. I'm getting a little tired, though, so I think I'm going to end this letter now. I'll write more later. Your friend Neville. Ronnie put the letter carefully down, once again reading the part about Harry and feeling her stomach twist a little more. It was true that Harry never really went into detail about his Muggle life, but he hadn't exactly hidden that he didn't get along with his relatives. At first Ronnie had thought it was just the same kind of good-natured complaining that she herself indulged in when the subject of, say, Fred and George or Percy came up, but over the months, the comments and hints from Harry had added up. What had they sent him to, for an entire Summer, and completely unprotected at that? July had come and gone, and Ronnie must have written at least a dozen letters to him, but none of them had received any answers. It would have been easy to blame the family owl, Errol, who was old and confused and didn't always deliver the letters to the people he was supposed to, but even he should have managed to get at least a couple of Ronnie's letters through. Something else had to be the matter. Ronnie had taken to watch the sky for long periods of time, hoping to see the familiar white form of Hedwig, flying towards the Burrow with letters from Harry... but no Hedwig ever showed. And then, two days ago, shortly after Ronnie had sent what had to be her thirteenth letter to Harry, Dad (who after all worked at the Ministry for Magic) had come home from work and informed to everyone's surprise that Harry had got an official warning from the Ministry for using magic in front of Muggles. In and of itself, this wasn't such a huge deal. According to Dad almost all Muggle-borns and kids who lived among Muggles ended up getting at least one such warning during one of the Summer holidays. But combined with the absolute silence from Harry otherwise it was unnerving. So Ronnie had decided that enough was enough. With Hermione in the Muggle world and Neville sick and bed-ridden, it had to be up to her to act. She sent letters to them both, informing them of the situation and that she was going to get Harry, and after that had allied herself with Ginny to make plans. They already had Harry's Muggle address: Number Four Privet Drive, in Little Whinging, Surrey. Neither Ginny nor Ronnie had been to Surrey before, but they had been to London, several times, and Surrey was right next to London, wasn't it? Ten minutes hadn't quite passed, but she didn't want to wait any longer. She threw her covers aside and sat up. She was dressed in a yellow tee-shirt and faded knee-length shorts; the perfect outfit to wear in bed when you have to get up without dressing. Placing her bare feet on the floor, she motioned for Ginny to get up as well.