It was only a few weeks after Peeta and Katniss had won the games that Gale came up to Peeta, proposing that since they were both horny and neither of them could get any pussy, that they take matters into their own hands and relieve some of the pressure themselves. Peeta had agreed, and althought they started by only masturbating with each other, it had quickly progressed into blow jobs and full blown fucking, with cocks going into asses. Well, Gale's cock going into Peeta's ass, it had been quickly established who was dominant and who was not. So it was that Peeta found himself in the bathroom of his house, with a horny Gale ready to "relieve some pressure." Peeta closed his eyes as he pulled his hand from the hot water and stood up. His face was impassive as he heard the heavy footsteps of Gale walking down the hall towards the bathroom. "Ah, it's ready I see" Gale said with a pleased smile. He shut the door behind him as he took a breath in, smelling the scents of the soaps in the air. "Ah, the purchases we made at the market were worth it. This smells good" he said with a low murr. "I'm glad you approve," Peeta said to him with a small smile as he watched the muscular, horny teen boy stride across the room, his hand trailing in the water to test the heat. "Strip me" Gale ordered as he stood up in front of his lover. With a nod Peeta stepped forward and began to undress the hulking teen boy. Even though Peeta was taller then he used to be, Gale was still bigger than him. The heavy clothes were undone and placed on the counter with Peeta's own clothes. The huge two bow and gun that Gale carried with him was unstrapped and laid out as well. Then came the huge heavy boots, the teen boy stepping out of each one in turn as they were placed with care next to his clothing. Peeta took Gale's pants next, sliding them down the thick, muscular legs. Gale went commando under his pants, and his huge cock sprung free, already half hard. The horny teen soldier's cock was just as big and as intimidating as Peeta remembered it that first time it had invaded him. At ten inches long and a huge head that was dripping with precum, Peeta could still manage to put both hands around it, with his fingertips almost an inch away from touching each other. The teen boy's balls matched the size of his monster sized cock, each one huge and full of potent seed. Peeta knew they could plaster his entire face and chest with their thick loads, and recharge quickly for a second round. Gale grinned as he stepped out of his pants and kicked them aside. His length swung back and forth between his thick thighs as he looked at Peeta on his knees before him. "Do it," Gale said with a smile across his features as he placed a heavy hand on Peeta's head as he guided the boy's face against his crotch. Peeta offered no resistance as that huge cock began to harden against his face, leaving trails of precum along his cheeks as he was pushed against it. "Open up" Gale growled as he ground his crotch against the boy's face, his huge cock hardening up as it rubbed against the smooth cheeks. Peeta felt Gale's sweaty musk start to invade his nostrils as he inhaled the heavy scent of an teen boy in arousal. Gale watched as Peeta obediently opened his mouth and took the huge mushroom head in. In the beginning, he had not been able to do it without discomfort. Now, it fit and filled his mouth as he took it slowly in, feeling it reach the back of his throat in one movement. "Ooh, yeah. That's it. Get your Gale good and ready" Gale growled as he pumped his hips forward, sending another few inches into Peeta's throat. Peeta choked slightly before he relaxed his throat enough to take more of the monstrous length into his throat. He closed his eyes as he felt his own erection gain life and throb between his legs as he took one hand and started to stroke along the fat shaft, feeling it pulse against his fingers. Gale tilted his head back with a moan as he felt Peeta's other hand cup a huge testicle in his hand, the huge ball easily filling his fingers. Peeta felt the huge cock head open his throat as it passed in and out, delving a quarter of the length into his passage and expanding his throat. The bulge grew and shrunk as he bobbed his head back and forth like an obedient boy should. "Oooh" Gale grunted as a thick spurt of precum shot into the back of Peeta's mouth, sliding down his throat and into his stomach. Peeta's cock throbbed harder and he tried to ignore his own arousal as he focused on the task at hand. The huge teen boy gave a sharp thrust forward and buried half his length into Peeta's throat, making him choke more as he struggled to take the sudden intrusion. Ignoring him Gale thrusted forward more, sending a few more inches into his throat before he started to pump his hips back and forth. Peeta shut his eyes as he placed both his hands on Gale's flexing thighs, feeling that monstrous cock plunge down his throat with every pump forward. Breathing through his nose, he could smell the musk of Gale's crotch, and he could feel his own lust and pleasure rise up. Gale grinned as he heard Peeta moan in longing as he reached down and grabbed the sides of his head and held him in place as he continues to throat fuck him, his hips bouncing back and forth as he pushed half his huge length down that tight passage. Although with the constant practice, Peeta was unable to take anything more than half the length. But the way his throat tightly constricted around his length more than made up for it. "MMm, such a good lover" Gale groaned as his cock drooled precum down the boy's throat as he continued to face fuck him. He grunted and growled as he felt his body start to sweat, his skin glistening. Peeta felt himself burning with desire as he moaned around the huge cock, holding his hands flat against the teen boy's pumping thighs as he let Gale use his throat. He opened his eyes and looked up as Gale grinned back down at him. Gale saw the pleading look in the boy's eyes and it turned him on even more. "You want it boy?" he growled as he pulled out slowly, letting his boy feel every inch as it slid from his throat. With a wet plopping noise the huge cock head fell from Peeta's mouth, making the boy pant as he suddenly found his mouth free. Peeta panted, his torso heaving and dripping with the water from the steam in the room. He could feel every drop of Gale's musky sweat as it dripped onto his body as he looked up from his kneeling position. "Yes Gale...please give it to me" he begged as he looked up at Gale with pleading eyes. His body and mind burned with the desire to be bred by him. He wanted, no he needed to have that huge cock inside him again as he leaned forward and licked the fat mushroom head. "Bend over the bath" Gale ordered. With a nod and a small smile Peeta eagerly got to his feet and turned towards the bath, gripping the edge in his hands as he leaned over, his chest almost touching the hot water as he spread his legs, showing Gale his tight, pink, hot hole. Gale reached forward and ran a hand over Peeta's muscled backside with an appreciative grunt. The boy's almost sculpted physique turned him on every time he saw him. And the boy had the best ass he had seen in District 12. Thick, muscular and round, it almost stuck out and seemed like it almost begged to be fucked. Gale turned to the counter and dipped his hand into a bottle of lube that was sitting there. With one hand holding Peeta steady he slowly took his huge finger and began to rub it around Peeta's asshole. He gently thrust his finger inside, feeling the supple, hot, tight flesh part around him as he gently penetrated the boy, preparing him for the monster cock that awaited. He added another two fingers, slowly beginning to thrust in and out, until the entire passage was coated with lube, and ready for the main event. Gale took another generous helping of lube and rubbed it onto his own cock, moaning a little as he felt the pleasure that came with rubbing something on an aroused male. Putting his hands on Peeta's hips he thrust his own forward, sliding his thick, dripping cock between Peeta's ass cheeks. With a low growl he started to pump his hips back and forth as he slid this cock up and down between Peeta's ass, but never actually penetrating him. Moaning back as he gripped the edge of the tub, Peeta felt the huge cock between his cheeks as he felt his body tingle from the contact. The heat from the cock between his ass drove his lust higher as he moaned and pushed back eagerly. "Please Gale, don't tease me" Peeta gasped out as he pushed back, looking over his shoulder at the huge glistening teen boy. "Please, give it to me. I need it so badly" he moaned in a desperate plea at him. "You want it boy? You want to be bred by my huge cock? "Feel my seed in your ass?" Gale said as he looked into his eyes. He could see the need, the desire, the desperation that burned within him. He knew this boy was hooked on this. And he had been for the last few months. "Please Gale" Peeta begged him as he pushed his ass backwards as best he could, moving his hips in small circles as he tried to align the huge cock head with his tight hole. His heart hammered in his chest and his head swam in a thick fog of pleasure as he wanted Gale to impale him with his cock. "Please...breed me." With a grunt, Gale grabbed his huge cock and positioned it outside of Peeta's hole and began to push forward. There was some resistance at first, but it was brief. It always was. All it took was just a few moments before he let out a grunt and Peeta let out a cry as the huge mushroom head forced its way into him. Peeta felt his hole spread open easily once the huge cock was forced in. After weeks of being bred, his ass practically molded itself around that huge length and could now take every inch inside him. He panted as he gripped the edge of the tub tightly and felt that huge head pulse in him. "Always so fucking tight" Gale growled as he held the boy by his hips and started to push forward. The huge teen boy growled as he slowly sunk inch after inch in to the smaller boy, every inch that slid in made them both groan out loud. Once at least half of Gale's cock had been buried inside Peeta, he started to pull out. Peeta groaned as he felt his insides expand as the huge cock slid into him, and a feeling of emptiness engulfed him as he felt it slide out. His insides gripped tightly at the huge invading length and he moaned in pleasure. Gale grinned with a low groan as he felt Peeta's insides try to almost pull