*Entry in The Canon Tour : Twilight Round* Summary – When Bella discovers Edward is a vampire, she is not accepting or intrigued as much as she is afraid and repulsed. Will she let him be her hero on the streets of Port Angeles? Or will she finally run screaming? A lesson in fear and consequences . Disclaimer – The first paragraph is a direct quote from Twilight. The rest is an homage to the original material. All rights belong to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. Thank you to Solareclipses for moderating The Canon Tour . To see the winners & read the rest of the entries, please visit the contest profile! :-) ww w . fanfiction u/3041014/ thecanontour FEAR : If Edward was a vampire—I could hardly make myself think the word—then what should I do? Involving someone else was definitely out. I couldn't even believe myself; anyone I told would have me committed. Anyone other than Jacob Black, at least, or maybe his father. But then I would have betrayed Jacob's confidence after I'd sworn to take this to the grave. And that was the crux of the situation right there... would I take it to the grave? If it was all true, then why had Edward tried to warn me away from him? Was he playing some kind of game? Was it the thrill of the chase he enjoyed? Or was there a modicum of truth to the myth I'd stumbled upon online? Were there good vampires out there? Or was it something else? Some other unfathomable reason for him to have behaved the way he has since we met. Another of the legends I'd read earlier this morning ran through my head. I could hardly think of it, but had to consider the possibility. Could it all be some kind of elaborate seduction? Could it be more than just my blood he was after? Surely, if I were to believe anything, I had to believe there was a reason Edward Cullen had paid so much attention to me — boring, plain-as-a-Forks'-day, Bella Swan. A bird cawed loudly in the distance, startling me. My heart began pounding loudly in my chest, effectively putting an end to my self-deprecation and reminding me why I came out here. Alone... in the forest. I couldn't deny it. I was afraid. Mortal fear coursed through me, along with a frightening number of what ifs . It was making me dizzy and a little sick to my stomach. I had to make a decision. I had to decide what I was going to do. I thought again through the options. One, I could pretend like nothing was different. I could play dumb and change nothing at all; see what happens. The problem with that choice was that I wasn't a very convincing liar. Edward would know something was up the next time he saw me. My second choice was to flee. I could, potentially, run home to Mommy. It was impractical, but it was an option. Except that, when push comes to shove, I could never leave Charlie like that. How would I explain it without making it sound as though I'm leaving him for the same reasons my mother had? No, that one was out. So, then, the third option – tell Edward I came to my senses. I would explain that I'd decided he was right; we shouldn't be friends. I would ignore him to the best of my ability, cancel any plans I'd made with him, and never speak to him again. It was the most logical of the three. It made the most sense. So why did it feel like a vice was squeezing my insides? My teeth worried my bottom lip to the point I could taste blood. I shuddered. Oh, the irony... And I knew then that I had my answer. The revulsion of tasting my own blood made the decision for me. I could hide neither my fear, nor my revulsion. I would have to stay away from him. ~(~)~ The rest of the weekend passed quickly. Set in my decision, I went about my life as if nothing out of the ordinary was happening. It wasn't as easy to live with my choice as I might have liked, however. I failed to finish my Macbeth essay because my mind constantly wandered back to how I would act around Edward when I saw him at school again. At dinner, I failed to hide my preoccupation from Charlie because I couldn't stop worrying about what would happen to him if something bad happened to me. When it was time for bed, even loud music couldn't lull me to sleep this time. I had to resort to dosing myself with unnecessary cough syrup sometime after midnight. When Monday morning arrived, the only redeeming thing about it was the sun shining brightly outside. It was the ultimate counterpoint to my less than enthusiastic return to Forks High. I had no idea what I was going to say to Edward during Biology. Worse than that, I worried he might be waiting for me at lunch again. Would he expect me to sit with him? Could I use that to my advantage? Surely it would be safe to have an honest conversation in the middle of a crowded cafeteria. It took me all morning to psych myself up for the big talk I knew was coming. I had everything all planned out in my head when I stepped into the lunch room and realized... He wasn't here. The Cullens weren't at school today. A wave of relief washed over me, followed by a good dose of disappointment. It confused me, but I chalked it up to the desire to get this over with. I needed to give Edward notice that I was no longer able to go with him to Seattle this weekend. I wasn't looking forward to it, but it had to be done. Didn't it? Doubt pricking my consciousness, I spent the majority of lunch and Biology telling myself over and over that I'd made the right decision. It was rare for me to second guess myself like this and I didn't like it one bit. Ironically, an errant ray of sunshine crossed the lab table. It didn't take long for my brain to supply that— if my theory held any water —Edward probably couldn't go out in the sun, though that must have been limited to direct sunlight. Of course, the fact that he came out in the daytime at all only served to dismiss the vampire theory and I started doubting the fairness of my decision to stay away from him. Sure, he wasn't... human, but I certainly didn't think he was evil. Near the end of class, my brain grew exhausted from running in circles again. I laid my head down and stared at his side of our shared table. I couldn't help but wonder where he was; what he was doing. I thought about how he often seemed to know what people around him were thinking. Had he known it the moment I started looking into vampires? Was he somewhere laughing at me so much that he couldn't even face me? Or was he hiding? Or worse? The idea made me shiver and I sat up. Opening my notebook, I started doodling, occasionally glancing out the window as if I'd find the answers I needed there in the forest. When class was over I looked down and recognized I'd been sketching out a single pair of eyes. His eyes. The Cullens were a no-show on Tuesday as well, though I couldn't say I was surprised. It was sunny again, not a cloud in the sky. And like yesterday, I found I was unable to enjoy it the way I should have. The continued absences troubled me. Perhaps my theory that Edward had known I was looking into him had some truth to it? Perhaps the Cullens had left town altogether. Not so suddenly, the vice-like feeling in my chest came back. Slowly, as the day wore on, I found I couldn't breathe. Fortunately at lunch, just when it became most suffocating, Jessica stabbed me in the ribs with her elbow and forced my body to inhale reflexively. "Are you even listening to me, Bella?" I shook my head and rubbed my side. "Sorry... what? I was trying to remember if I did an assignment or not." She gasped happily. "Does that mean you're coming with us?" "Coming? Where?" She rolled her eyes. "To Port Angeles, silly! You should totally come. We could use your advice." I smiled, grateful for the invitation and thinking it could be a good distraction. "Maybe." Angela spoke up, albeit softly. "I'd really like your opinion. If you don't have anything else to do after school." "I'll think about it. I would have to go home and ask Charlie, but..." "Please... Please, please, please..." Jessica begged. I laughed and pushed her shoulder to get her to stop. "Okay, fine. If Charlie's cool with it, I'll go." Angela smiled and Jessica let out a delighted squeal before yammering on about all the stops we had to make tonight. Glancing back at the empty table where the Cullens formerly sat, I tried to put all thoughts of vampires and Edward Cullen behind me... at least for the rest of the day. ~(~)~ It had been such a long time since I'd spent any free time around girls my own age that — once Charlie had cleared it — I found myself invigorated by the idea of a girls' night out. It was easy enough to forget all my troubles on the ride to Port Angeles, and easier still once we arrived in the picturesque town by the bay. While I tried to figure out what sort of dresses they were looking for, Jessica and Angela became more interested in my background. They were disbelieving that I'd never been to a dance yet myself, and I was unable to hold off their many questions about my life in Phoenix while we perused the racks of the one large department store in town. "So you've never been on a date?" Jessica bellowed. "Ever?" "No." "But... why not?" "Um," I paused, feeling uncomfortable. "Nobody ever asked me." Jessica looked doubtful. "People ask you out here... and you say no." I shrugged, almost missing Angela's quiet amendment. "Except for Tyler." I spun to face her. "What does that mean?" Angela's face was confused. "Well, aren't you going to prom with him?" "What! Who told you that?" Jessica sauntered up behind Angela with narrowed eyes. "Tyler told everyone he's taking you to prom." I gaped; it was a good impression of a fish to be sure. "I told you it wasn't true," Angela murmured. Still shocked, Jessica pulled me along, moving us to another row of racks where the dresses were longer and fancier. "Just so you know..." Jessica said conspiratorially. "That's the reason Lauren has it out for you." "But he's only doing this because he feels guilty about the accident!" I exploded. Angela attempted to be supportive. "Maybe if you just explain it to her, she'll leave you alone." I crossed my arms over my chest. "Maybe... or maybe I'll just run Tyler over with my truck and call it even. Then he can go to prom with Lauren and we'll all be happy." The girls snickered and moved me along with them, down the racks where they graciously turned the conversation back to the dance at hand and their own dates. I fumed silently while they made their selections and tried on the few dresses they'd liked. Angela was done first and sat with me while Jessica modeled her top two choices. Providing feedback helped stem my temper and calm me, but all too soon the decision was made and we were checking out. I was back to feeling annoyed with Tyler