Author's Note: This story is AU from Chapter 4 of Twilight, and page 94 of Midnight Sun. **Edward leaves Forks and Bella behind after the incident with Tyler's van. Five years later, he finally returns to his family and the Pacific Northwest. While picking up his latest Swedish automobile, he is confronted by a very familiar scent. Will Edward be able to fight the pull his singer has on him a second time? Or will he stick around long enough to find out What Drives Her? ** Thank you to my original beta Essay33 . Thank you to Project Team Beta for making her job easier, and for being a such a wonderful resource. Disclaimer: The characters of Twilight are owned by Stephenie Meyer. All other characters, settings, lyrics, etc. are the property of their respective owners. I am in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise or automotive company. The original content, ideas and intellectual property of this story are owned by Virginia May, May 2010. No copyright infringement is intended. " What Drives Her" Bella: "Hello, Mr. Schmidt? This is Bella at Ravenna Volvo, our technician had a chance to take a look at your car and I have an estimate for you." I cleared my throat, still a little winded from rushing back after my lunch break. Saturdays were always insane in the service department. "Yes, we did. You have a bad coil assembly on the power steering system. Yes. The good news is that we have the part in stock and should be able to have your car finished by this evening." He asked me a few questions which made me think that he doubted my assessment, but I couldn't take it too personally; I was just the messenger. "Mhmm... Yes, they did. Absolutely, of course," I sighed. Some men can be so predictable. "If you would like to speak to the tech yourself, I can have him get back to you. However, in that case,we may not be able to get to it today." Okay so, I played the patience card, or the lack-of-patience card. Mr. Schmidt didn't sound like the patient type. "Yes, I am certain. Of course, I understand. The repairs will be $378.47, out the door. Yes. Alright then, we will get that taken care of for you. Yes, of course. Thank you, Mr. Schmidt, we'll see you this evening." I hung up and printed out the new service invoice, then paged the tech to come pick it up with the keys. Another vehicle pulled in to the service entrance. It was well after two o'clock and I was pretty sure we had more work than the boys could finish today. I headed out with a clipboard to greet the middle-aged driver with a smile, at least I could get her an appointment for Monday. "Hi, what can we do for you today?" I asked with forced cheerfulness as she opened the door to her Vanilla Pearl C70. "Oh. Well, hello dear. I need an oil change today, but I suppose I would have to talk to someone in the service department." She eyed me and shot me a condescending smile. "It's your lucky day, then. I am 'someone'," I answered, shaking her hand and pointing to my embroidered Volvo polo shirt. Just below my name, it read Senior Service Representative. "I'm Bella. What can we do for you?" "Oh, I... I apologize. You seem so young. You hardly look old enough to hold a job, let alone this particular occupation. Aren't you a little too pretty to be in service?" she asked pointedly, while still giving me the once over. "I get that every now and again, but I assure you, I am qualified," I said, trying not to let my irritation show for the umpteenth time today. "Unfortunately, Miss...?" I knew that I had seen her in here before, but she wasn't one of my regulars so her name was evading me. "Mrs. Debary," she answered. "Mrs. Debary, we are pretty back logged for today. We will be unable to get to your vehicle this afternoon without a substantial wait, if we can get to it at all." She opened her eyes wide with surprise and her eyebrows went straight up. Her mouth tightened into a scowl and she started to open her mouth, before I cut her off. "I would be more than happy to arrange an appointment for you first thing Monday morning. When you come in, we can have a driver waiting here to take you to work, or wherever you may need to be at that time." "That simply won't do. I need it taken care of today. The oil needs to be changed, and I need the car washed and the interior detailed. You are open for a further 4 hours, no?" she challenged. I raised an eyebrow at her. This woman had some nerve and an attitude. "Yes, we are. However, we have a full schedule, with clients who made their service appointments weeks ago. I will see what we can do, but as I mentioned, we will not be able to get to your vehicle right away." She scowled at me. "I'll wait for it. And, Bella? I never wait more than an hour. Never. Tell your service manager that I'm here. If you are incapable of doing your job, then I am sure one of the grown-ups would be happy to do it for you," she snapped, pushing her keys into my hands. WITCH! I wanted to say the word out loud and backslap her. Was she serious? I took a breath and smiled widely, "Mrs. Debary, we don't play favorites at Ravenna Volvo. We treat each one of our customers as a VIP and provide the utmost in attention and service. I will do everything I can to get your vehicle in as quickly as possible, but you will have to wait. Now, can I show you to the service lounge?" Or off a cliff? I thought to myself, and opened the door to the service department for her. She smiled mischievously and paused a moment, "No, thank you. I know the way." She turned and continued through the door I held open for her. I followed her inside and watched as she made her way through to the lounge. I went back to my station to get her paperwork started. One of the grown-ups...I'm 22, not 12. "Jerry? How are we doing? I have a walk-in that wouldn't take no for an answer. Of course," I said in a sing song voice. Our Volvo owners rarely took no for an answer, especially the single and mature adult owners. The married men and the soccer moms were usually more flexible. They also made appointments. "Well, we're okay but we may be until 7 tonight. Matt's in the weeds, he got into a recall repair on that CX60 and found some unrelated problems with the fuel system. We're waiting on the owners now. Uh, I think Vince and Sebastian are behind too. Maybe Seth can do it?" Jerry answered me without even looking up, his fingers flying on the keyboard. I printed out Mrs. Debary's service order and looked over my tech's service orders. Jerry was right, we were going to be here a while. I walked over to his station, looking over his shoulder. He sighed, "No, no wait, Seth's got five oil changes queued and a few appointments yet to come in. I don't what to tell you, baby girl." "Well, let's do this... Embry's here pulling some overtime in detailing. I'll go detail and we stick him in the pit with the walk-in and our last few appointments. I am sure he could use the hours and Mr. Myers isn't here today to object. We gotta do what we gotta do, right?" I shrugged. "Is that what you think the 'grown-ups' would do," Jerry teased. I had to laugh. He was a fantastic service manager with a real sense of humor. He was great at schmoozing customers and our big boss, but just another one of the boys when it came right down to it. "You heard that, huh? Yeah, well I'd do her oil change my dang self, but I just bought these khakis and I'm not ruining them for Mrs. Impatient McPushy Pants." I whispered the last part. Jerry laughed a bellowing laugh that echoed down the hall and caught the attention of the cashier across from us. "Shhh," I giggled. "Bella, you crack me up. I think I can cover us in here, but you'll need to get back before the end of the day madness begins. Go try to get detailing finished up for the afternoon and tell Embry he's in the pit. Good idea, baby girl." He raised his hand for a fist bump and nodded his head in approval. "Alright, I'll be back," I said, grabbing the keys to Mrs. McPushy Pants' C70 and heading outside to check the mileage and pull it around back. I really liked my job. I liked helping people. I liked getting to drive some crazy-expensive cars from time to time. I liked the fact that I knew practical things that most girls and women didn't take the time to learn about. I liked the respect that that knowledge garnered me. I not only knew how to change out a tire or a dead battery, but how to replace my own filters, fan belts and spark plugs. It was sort of like having my own little secret super power. Maybe I didn't look it, and I certainly didn't drive like it, but I knew how to take care of things under the hood. The real revelation for me was that I actually enjoyed learning about cars. I never thought I would be into anything vehicular, at all. I liked books and listening to music. I generally avoided any activity which required some sort of skill in order to participate. However, getting stranded on the side of a two lane highway in the pouring rain, with logging trucks rolling by at 70 miles per hour, is no fun. Coming out of a late movie in Port Angeles to find that Jessica Stanley's car battery had died and she didn't have jumper cables or know how to use them, was not much fun either. After that little episode resulted in hysterical tears and utter panic from Jess, I decided I had had enough. I was going to be able to do things to take care of myself and my ignoramus friends. I wasn't helpless and didn't need some kind of hero swooping into save the day, and certainly not the kind that would hang out at a biker bar. The next weekend, I asked Charlie if he could show me how to take care of my truck, and what to do in common vehicular emergencies. In return, I tried to show him how to take better care of himself in the kitchen. It was worth a try, although I took to cars a lot better than my dad took to cooking. Charlie was happy to teach me how to change a tire or jump start my battery, but he suggested we both learn a thing or two from Jacob Black about the mechanics and maintenance of the ancient engine under my hood. After the first two weekends, I started hanging out with Jake and his friends in La Push on my own, and my dad and Billy Black resumed their fishing trips. The boys fixed up old cars, listened to music and talked about girls. I paid attention. As I pulled Mrs. McPushy Pants' car around the back of the service building, I saw Embry's legs sticking out of the door of a shiny white C30 hatchback. It was a cute little car that the sales team had tried to sell me on a