Hey guys, I'm trying out something a little different here. Usually my fics are over a definite period of days or series of moments, but this one transposes the entire series. I just love second person and unrequited love a lot (like, a lot a lot) and started to have too much fun with this. I took a few liberties with the plot, changed some stuff, stretched the truth. Not everything is 100% canon. Thanks for reading, and don't hesitate to tell me what you thought! . There is a Portuguese word, s audade . It has been defined as a "vague and constant desire for something that does not and probably cannot exist." It is not translatable into English. You do not know any other languages. You knew a man from the Capitol once who was fluent in three. You do not know if Portuguese was one of them. You do not know him anymore. . It is Reaping Day and you are (no shit) drunk. You barely acknowledge the fact that she volunteered—that District 12 had a volunteer—because at the moment, you're too hammered to acknowledge anything, really. You fall off the stage after the other victor has been called (What's his name? Peter?) and don't think anything else of the girl with sunburned cheeks and a dark braid wrapping around her shoulders. . You think more about the boy (Peeta?) when he cleans you up on the train after you drink enough to puke up your guts and pass out. She is still relatively unexceptional—that is, until she almost stabs you in the hand with a knife and you decide that maybe these kids have a chance after all. That between the two of them, maybe you have finally gotten a tribute who will stay with you, instead of dying like everyone else in your life. You ponder her surprising agility with knives and your mind tricks you into thinking (briefly, very briefly, because you do not have to see Maysilee's tan skin anymore or your intestines spilling out of your abdomen or the forcefield and that axe ) of yourself so many years ago. "Well, what's this? Did I actually get a pair of fighters this year?" They stare at you with a relentless determination. For possibly the first time in your life, or the first time you still remember, you are proud. . With his camouflage skills and subtly, you know the boy will be able to hide from other tributes easily in the arena. But it is the girl, it is Katniss, who will shine. She has spunk, a drive that you have never seen before, a blaze in her eyes that Cinna's clothing could never replicate. Even before they decided to set her aflame, she was always the Girl on Fire. You clutch your knife closely to you on the last night. You try not to think about her, shaking in her bedroom—maybe she's crying, maybe she doesn't feel anything at all—and you know you want to do something, anything, but you don't. Instead, you drink. . When they first leave for the arena, your decision has already been made. You think that possibly, your decision had been made from the start—from the moment you saw her with that knife in her hand and could not shake the memory of your own games. You chose her. Deep down, bless the bread boy's fucking soul, it could never have been anyone but her. . You hold your breath when you see her position herself on the platform, feet angled towards the Cornucopia, not towards the woods. You do not breathe for the first couple minutes. When the knife lodges in her backpack, you do not know whether to be incredibly angry or incredibly proud. All you can see is yourself. But for one brief second, one quick moment, you see your girl, her dark hair all gathered in a braid, strung up by Snow beside your brother. Like lovers. . It puts you on edge, these Games. Every goddamn year. But this year, it's something different; you drink less, worry more. Chaff regularly checks on you to find papers and plans and spreadsheets strewn across your suite, graphite and ink stained on the tips of your fingers. "Haymitch." You do not look when he enters the suite. His voice is, for once, level. Serious. "I have never seen you like this. Are you okay?" He holds a bottle in his hands. You can hear liquid swishing. You do not look. He takes a sip. You do not look. You do not speak. Eventually, he leaves. You continue working. Thinking. When you remember yourself at sixteen, just as headstrong and jaded as she is, you figure it out. Instead of doing the same thing every year, thinking like the tributes in order to save the tributes, this time, you just might have to think like yourself. On the big screen, she kisses him on impulse. You send soup and she catches on immediately. So you withhold some gifts. Censor some notes. She's smart, and you can work with that. You want to be surprised; you don't want to have hope, because hope kills things. You don't want to break yourself further. Just because you were clever enough to win does not mean she will be. It does not, you repeat. It does not. It does not. . When they both get out of the arena, all berry-stained fingers and blood, you pick back up your bottle. . That night, while the boy is unconscious and she is under careful watch of Capitol doctors, you sleep. And for the first time since your Quell, you dream not of the dead. You are in one of 12's coal mines. An explosion is about to happen, you can feel it, but you cannot quit mining, cannot quit breaking away at the cave walls until it is her that you uncover, covered in black and sputtering, coughing, but you just grab her and run. When you wake up, all you can hear is ringing. The mine is still exploding at your heels. . When you finally see her, at the end of an infinitely long hallway, she runs and runs and runs and launches herself at you before anyone else. And you fight off tears of relief, pride, fear. You imagine the worst possibilities for her so you will not be surprised. Lecherous old men bidding on her at prices Snow cannot resist. Her entire family killed. Peeta slowly succumbing to infection, no coincidence that the antibiotics the doctors give him do not work. You hug her for longer than is necessary, and for once in your life, you are damn glad you're sober, so you can take in all the sensory stimuli you are met with before she pulls away. Remember , you think, before you can tell yourself not to, the way she feels in your arms. The smell of earth in her hair. Her foggy breath on your neck. You do not know when, or if, you will ever be met with these senses again. . For a long time, you do not speak. Finally: "No. Absolutely not." In this moment, you are as ruthless as you were at sixteen, bright-eyed and dangerous, armed with a knife and an insatiable bloodlust for the Capitol. You stand in front of the Gamemakers, and they are angry—pissed-the-fuck-off, in fact—but you don't care. "This isn't your decision, Abernathy," Seneca Crane hisses, but it does not phase you. You know what this will lead to, permanently , surgically altering her. You cannot let that happen. You told yourself you would not be surprised, and you are not, but lack of surprise does not equal lack of fight. You will not let them turn her into Finnick. Into yourself. Into more of yourself than she already is. You pray she never picks up a bottle. You pray she never becomes dependent on the feeling of glass between her teeth. "I'll be damned—" you spit at his feet, "—if I let you do to her what you bastards did to me." Crane smiles like blood drips from his gums. He wishes. "Oh, Haymitch," he purrs, "We didn't have to do anything to you, you were just perfect …" You want to die. You ball your fingers into fists. "She, however, is greatly lacking. Guess her little tits match her personality, and we can at least make them a tiny bit more perky, raise the prices—" You're a goddamn idiot, and you punch him. You're a goddamn idiot, and chaos ensues, and you cannot feel anything anymore, and you punch him. And you don't even try to tell yourself not to: all you can think about is her. . Swans mate for life. But in the event of a death, another may step in to replace the lost half after a period of grieving. You have had twenty-three years of grieving. Humans are the only animals that willingly spend life alone. You do not think about this for very long. . Something breaks in you during the Victory Tour. (Later, you realize it had probably been a long time coming. Or something.) You bear witness to her steady unraveling, and as you coach her on how to make the Capitol believe—how to make everyone believe—in the Star-Crossed Lovers, you develop a pang in your chest, somewhere deep and dark and dusty from disuse, that wishes, against all morality, that Peeta had not also come out of the Games. . District 11 rolls around and she speaks with words like embers, as if anyone expected anything less from the Girl on Fire, three fingers like matches in the air as she concludes. She gets herself into trouble in almost every District. She has a way of doing these things, you know. It does not scare you any less each time it happens. You do not think twice before stepping in front of the Peacekeeper's gun for her. You step in front of the whip for her. It is later when you finally understand why you have never committed suicide all these years under the Capitol's thumb. When you die, you want it to be for love. When you die now, you want it to be for her. Silently, you wonder how different those two wishes are. . It is a year after The Beginning and the 75th Quell has just been announced and between flashbacks of your own Quell you realize with an unsurprising somberness that you are choosing her again. God help you, you lying bastard, you are choosing her again, and she will never forgive you, and you do not regret it, and you will never forgive yourself. . When Hades, the god of the underworld, took Persephone to be his bride against her will, she was gathering flowers on a plain. She scattered blossoms everywhere in her wake. You wonder if those blossoms bloomed into roses. If it snowed when Demeter, the goddess of harvest, searched for her daughter. . You are not drunk when she barges into your house, hours after the announcement. You are intentionally notdrunk (the only way, of course, the only reason you're not passed out), because you were expecting this. "There she is. All tuckered out. Finally did the math, did you, sweetheart? Worked out you won't be going in alone? And now you're here to ask me… what?" She stumbles over to the chair where you're sitting, face puffy, but she is beautiful, and you are damned to hell. "I came here for a drink," she says, and you start. Visions of yourself, washed up and pitiful, dependent on your bottle, flood your mind. But who are you—who have you ever been—to deny her. You hesitantly hand her the glass of whiskey closest to you, and she accepts, throwing it back in one shot before coughing violently like an old smoker. So violently, (you tell