Silent night And hope will fill us again Shadows of the gone appearing We'll believe once more In the Christmas time Carrol for the gone, S. Mucha "What's that plate for, grandma?" Victoire looked questioningly at Mrs Delacour, setting the plates on the magically enlarged table in Weasley's living room. It was their turn to host the Christmas dinner this year – last time they were in France. Harry lifted his head curiously. He's noted that Fleur's mother pulled twelve snow-white plates out of the cupboard, though there were only eleven guests coming for the dinner, if he didn't miss anyone. Mr and Mrs Weasley, the Delacours with their daughters, son-in-law and granddaughter, Ron, Hermione, and he himself. Harry was never a mathematical eagle, but he was pretty sure of this simple calculation. Even little Victoire could obviously count to eleven without much trouble. "It's for a stranger," the woman replied, sending out the plates to the right places with a light flicker of her wand and then - seeing the girl's clearly baffled expression - she added: "For the weary wanderer who can knock on the door. You cannot say no to them on such a night, right?" Apparently this explanation sounded logicaly enough, because Victoire nodded and ran out the room in an unspecified direction with enthusiasm right for all four-year-olds. Perhaps she wanted to once again search the rooms hoping to find the hidden gifts that were supposed to be found under the Christmas tree next morning. Actually, Harry wasn't sure why they were eating a festive supper before Christmas. He thought it might be a French custom the Weasleys decided to respect. On the other hand, he shouldn't complain probably, because they weren't giving up on the traditional Christmas Day dinner. This year he was simply given the opportunity to eat twice more than usually. He had to admit that having a plate for a stranger was a nice idea. Never in his life had he seen anything like this, but it sounded quite touching. It was debatable of course whether anyone would actually let a stranger inside, even on this festive, magical night. The gesture, however, was simple and beautiful. Harry focused on his interrupted reading again. Time and how to tame it . He found the book a few weeks earlier on Knocturn Alley and couldn't get away from it. It was indeed a very demanding read and he didn't understand everything right away, but at least it gave him some hope to find answers and the questions he was asking weren't simple. As far as going back in time was within his capabilities, the influence of what he did in the past on what he called the present , remained rather confusing. He's recently watched some Muggle movie in which meddling with time causes more troubles than good and one small change in the past led to disastrous consequences in the future. Was he ready to sacrifice all that he knew and stay in some other, strange time? Would Harry Potter still exist if he didn't? All these existential thoughts gave him a headache. Harry's planning always ended like this - he couldn't make a decision. Maybe if he was sure that he was really able to change the past and, above all, to change Tom, it would be easier to decide to make a step. He couldn't trust his own feelings though, let alone have hope in Tom's. Well, he wasn't the most balanced people Harry's met in his life, was he? I could use some help from The Spirit of Christmas myslef, Harry thouhgt and smiled to himself at the memory of a winter night at Hogwarts, when the Boy Who Lived was simply trying to save Christmas and maybe, just maybe, he was able to save something much more important. Hope was still there and he had to hold onto it. "Twelve?" Mrs. Weasley's voice brought him back from his reverie. She was carefully counting the plates on the nicely decorated table. "I could bet on aunt Tessies' enchanted cheese there are eleven of us..." "It's for a stranger!" Victoire said, running through the door, where she disappeared only a few minutes earlier. This time she was accompanied by Crookshanks, clearly frightened by the child's behavior. "Stranger? Are we expecting someone?" "Oh, no, no, it's just a tradition," Mrs. Delacour explained somewhat apologetically. "My mother was always doing it - leaving a plate for the unexpected guest and somehow I cannot stop the traidition. I've heard it's Polish, I think." "Mom, didn't great-grandmother live in Bulgaria like uncle Victor?," the blonde girl asked, trying to catch Crookshanks, who deftly jumped on the railing of the old couch, effectively protecting his tail. "You're right, darling," Fleur, who has just come into the room, answere, carrying a steaming tureen of something very tasty, Harry judged by the smell. Seeing the surprise on her daughter's face, she added: "Your great-grandmother... She traveled a lot." "She led a carefree life, if that's what you mean," Mrs. Delacour added, laughing. "Great-grandmother had... many friends and often spent time outside Bulgaria." "Uncle Candido says it's for the dead." It seemed Victoirie was nowhere near giving up. "He says you have to leave crumbs for them to show they're remembered." "Or to eat after midnight," Mrs. Weasley muttered, waving her wand at an extremely rickety pile of glasses. Mrs. Delacour and Fleur laughed and after a while they were joined by Victoire, who apparently didn't want want to lose anything of this incomprehensible mirth. The front door opened in the very moment and three Weasleys entered with the cool breeze: Arthur, Bill and Ron. They were accompanied by Hermione, who was arguing about something with her fiancé. Nothing new. Some things never change , Harry thought. He was happy. These people, this place – it felt so calm and for the first time in a long time he didn't want to blame himself for anything. Harry was no longer haunted by nightmares or sinister visions. The future seemed far away, non-existent in a way. He tamed his past, he wasn't afraid of it. The only thing left to enjoy was the present, as long as it lasted. "Neville will start working at Hogwarts," Hermione said, dropping into a chair by the fireplace. Crookshanks jumped off the couch immediately and curled up on her lap; she stroked his fur absently, looking at Harry. "Professor Sprout is retiring, so he decided to try." "What about his grandmother?" Ron laughed, brushing the remnants of snow off his sleeve. He was wearing his last year's sweater, fiery red with a golden R , a perfect copy of the one he got during their first year at Hogwarts. "I think she finally understood that not everyone can become an Auror," the girl muttered, not taking her eyes off Harry. "Speaking about that – do you know what you're going to do with yourself, Harry? You cannot roam London's streets forever." "It's pretty tempting," said the youngest Weasley brother, but seeing the disapproving gaze of his future wife - looking disturbingly like alike his own mother's - Ron stopped and under the pretext of helping to prepare the dinner he vanished from the room. "Hermione, I know what I'm doing," Harry said finally, when the silence between them started to become awkward. "Actually, I have an idea..." He hoped that his friend won't make him talk about it more, because it seemed that going back in time to save Lord Voldemort wasn't what Hermione expected from him. He was already beginning to miss her concern for house-elves and the sullen expression he had seen so often when he was ignoring his homework. Wasn't it Hermione's planner that tols him once to Do it today or later you'll pay? He couldn't wait any longer. Hermione was probably going to ask him more questions, he could see it clearly in her eyes, but when she opened her mouth - probably to give Harry a pep talk - Mr. Delacour walked into the room with a huge platter of something that had to be a venison haunch with roasted chestnuts and behind him the rest of the guests was carrying other dishes. Even Victoire got a responsible job and with Fleur's little help she lit a white candle. "Merry Christmas!" Mrs. Weasley said solemnly, this year dressed in a beautiful blue sweater with a decorative M, a gift from her daughter in law. Harry wanted to laugh every time he remember the memorable first summer Fleur spend at the Burrow and Molly Weasley's apparent reluctance towards the girl. "Delicious!" Mr. Weasley gave a verdict, trying Mr. Delacour's spectacular dish. The others nodded, too busy eating. Festive music played from the old radio, this time happily avoiding Celestina Warbeck's repertoire, though Harry was sure he'll hear " A Cauldron Full of Hot, Strong Love " at least three times before midnight. Well, there was a charm to it - people he knew and loved were the sum of their habits and small, sometimes strange tastes. Though Harry's heard so many times that blood is thicker than water, he was certain that real blood, the one he was able to give - and gave – for his friends, created a bond much stronger than he shared with Aunt Petunia and uncle Vernon. He didn't think about them a lot, he tried not to, but he couldn't shake off the feeling that if he really managed to change the past, maybe some other Harry Potter wouldn't have to go through it all. Maybe he could enjoy a different life with loving parents, innocent godfather, maybe even real siblings. That Harry wouldn't be him, right? Or maybe he would? Outside, the snow was falling still falling, cold wind hitting the windows from time to time. The darkness of the evening only increased the coziness of the warm room. Harry looked at the empty plate next to his own. Was anyone really alone tonight? He remembered the grim Christmas many years ago, when he visited the grave of his parents for the first time. People hurried to the church for the night Mass, the choir sounded almost like angels from a distant world, but even then he had Hermione at his side. How cruel was the fate of the person they've left the empty plate for. Suddenly, as if this thought worked like a beacon in a storm, Harry heard a knock on the door. For a moment he was sure it was only his imagination, but other guests raised their heads in surprise, looking towards the door in silent anticipation. Knock, knock, knock. There was no doubt – someone was really standing in the snow-covered garden in this unfriendly, cold night. "The weary wanderer!" Victoire exlaimed, before anyone could react, and jumped up, running to the door. Bill followed, apparently somewhat less enthusiastic about the unexpected guest. "Maybe it's George?" Mrs. Weasley looked questioningly at her husband. "I thought he went to Hawaii with Angelina," Hermione chimed in uncertainly. "Ginny had other plans, right?" "Yes, she'll come tomorrow," Ron confirmed, putting down his fork. It seemed that the empty plate and letting strangers into the warm house were completely different thing. Harry was surprised, seeing the anxiety gathering in the room – perhaps he was too naive, but he couldn't imagine what was everyone so afraid of. Someone who was alone on the Christmas night, couldn't be dangerous. Abandoned, lonely, lost – to this Harry could agree. What man was alone at Christmas? Well, they couldn't understand this. They had loving families, sticking together no matter what. But Harry knew what loneliness was - an emptiness that nothing could fill; a pain that could be only soothed with trust, the crazy risk of unveiling one's own weaknesses. Cool wind burst into the room and Harry shuddered. There was a figure wrapped in a scarf at the door, but he couldn't