A/N: Heyyy guys! This is Butterflywhisperer and I present to you, the third story of the Sunrise Saga! Sunset. To those tuning in for the first time, this is the third story of three. If you proceed to read this without reading the others, that's fine. I just highly recommend you read Sunrise and Noon Sun before this because you'll be really confused. I can guarantee that. To everyone who's tuning in after reading the other stories, thanks for still keeping up with me and I hope you enjoy! I'm really excited to finally start this one! It's going to take a different turn than the last, so I hope you'll enjoy! Just to give you an idea also, this takes place one year after the last story. So without further ado, I present Sunset. Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga. Just my original ideas/characters. Anything from the Twilight Saga belongs to S.M. Chapter One *Renesmee's POV* Beep. Beep. Beep- "Ugh! Shut up!" I grumbled, smacking my hand against the blaring alarm that was currently giving me ear damage. I blinked a few times to see I was in my bedroom, in my normal bed, with my boyfriend laying next to me. Jacob's arm was thrown across my body as he lay beside me sleeping away. I sighed, rubbing my tired eyes. I barley got an hour of sleep last night. Every time I tried to go to sleep all I would see was the face of Serena Peterson trying to kill me. I kept hearing Jacob scream in pain as he tried to get to me. And then, there was the Volturi. The good old Volturi who always made an appearance in my nightmares. Last year I had a near death experience. According to Jacob I was about to go any second, but if it wasn't for Aro Volturi's niffy healing daughter, Dru, I'd probably be dead as a doornail. The nightmares were also the reason why Jacob is currently sleeping with me. We've both had our difficulties with them the past couple of weeks and just being together helped. The first week I was back home after the incident, all I would do was have nightmares. I'd wake up screaming in the middle of the night. It got so bad that Jacob volunteered to stay with me. He doesn't even sleep in his own bedroom anymore. In fact, he's got his own drawer here filled with extra clothes and some mechanic magazines. I didn't like feeling this way. Like a weak little girl who has nightmares every night. I just want to mentality move from this stage of my life already, but I know this stuff isn't going to disappear over night. "Morning, sunshine!" I look up to see my brother, Masen, leaning against the doorway of my bedroom. He was all dressed in our school's uniform with his hair combed back slickly. "Morning?" I muttered, my statement coming out more like a question. "What do you want? And why so early?" I asked groggily as I sat up in the bed. "It's time for you to get ready for school and it's time for me to pick up my girlfriend," Masen chirped with a quirky grin on his face. "Pick her up? You don't have a car." I pointed out, rubbing my eyes again to rid of my tiredness. "Yeah. Thanks for reminding me," He mumbled. "How's that my fault? You're the one who wanted the limited edition guitar signed by the Beatles for your fifth birthday. You could've had a car, but instead you got the guitar," I remarked, raising my eyebrows at him. "True, that was pretty awesome." He smirked before composing himself again. "But for your information, I'm walking there. Grace and I are taking a lovely stroll together before school, thank you very much. According to some magazines from Lily, women like this romantic stuff." "Masen, it's so hot out there. No one wants to walk down the street of New York City in the middle of April. It's hot as hell!" I pointed out. "Well, I'll just smother her in a hug or something," Masen said, shrugging. "That's why she's got me, her cool boyfriend." I rolled my eyes at my little brother. For those of you who don't know, I have two siblings. Elizabelle, also known as Lizzy, and Masen. They're Lux Lamia's, which are a type of special vampire creature. My parents conceived them in a magina piscina, which is a special kind of magic pool. Long story short, they're in my lives now. They're kind of like twins, but Masen grows so much more faster than Lizzy. So while Masen, who's technically the youngest, looks around seventeen now, Lizzy looks the youngest at a physical age of thirteen or fourteen. Then, there's Grace. My best friend who I met last year when we moved from our private islands to New York City. She's half witch and she's been through everything we went through last year with me and my family. She's grown especially close to my brother. They're mates and honestly, when Grace isn't with me she's with my brother. Masen loves her more than anything on this planet and vise versa. "Alright. I just hope my best friend doesn't get heat stroke," I muttered, causing Masen to just roll his eyes at me. "She won't get heat stroke. I'll make sure of that," my brother insisted. "By the way, wake up Lily. She's not listening to anyone else right now and I'm going to be late. I'd do it, but I'm kind of in a bind." "Fine," I replied, yawning. "Just go. You take care of my best friend, I'll take care of yours." "Deal. Adios then!" he replied quickly as he then dashed out of the room at vampire speed. Once Masen left, I felt the groaning of my boyfriend, Jacob Black, right next to me. "Wake up," I whispered to him, kissing his cheek. "Don't you want to see me before school starts?" "Five more minutes, Mom," He mumbled sleepily. An annoyed but childish look graced his face as he shut his eyes even tighter. I chuckled, shaking my head. Nothing could ever wake up Jacob. This guy could sleep through World War Two. "Come on." I chuckled, kissing him on the lips this time. That always does the trick. He finally opened his eyes and immediately smiled at me, "Morning, Ness." "Morning," I exclaimed, kissing his lips. "Now get dressed!" "No! Stay with me," he whined playfully, hugging my torso as he dragged me back into the bed with him. I laughed as I curled into my boyfriend's chest. "I wish, but some of us have to go to school," I announced, climbing out of the bed. Jacob sighed as I then walked out of the warm bed. He had a smile on his face though as he watched my movements. "I'll be back." "I hope so!" he called back to me as I then scurried down the hall and to the next town house over. When I got there, I immediately opened my cousin, Lily's door. "Lily! Wake up! We have school!" I called out to her. Just as I walked in, I got to see the lovely Ethan and Lily show A.K.A the time of the morning where Lily is seen on top of Ethan with nothing but her black lace bra on. "Aw god!" I yelped, covering my eyes. "Ness!" Lily squealed as she and Ethan scrambled under the covers together. "Heyyyy Cuz. You're not going to tell my parents-" "Not planning on it," I muttered, shaking my head. "Aunt Rose and Uncle Emmett are gone for a few days and yet he's still able to sneak in here!?" "What? We're young. Let us live," Lily cried out, looking towards her boyfriend and then back at me. "I mean, you sleep with Jacob-" "Yeah, I sleep with him. That's all we do. You two do god knows what. I mean, you can do it, but do you have to do it all the time? When we're all around to watch and listen to it? It's bad enough we have to listen to the others," I remarked, rubbing my eyes. "Alright. Alright, we'll go somewhere more private," Lily told me, smirking. "Like the backseat of your car." "Don't shoot the messenger. It's not just me. I just saw your ass, that's punishment enough," I said, throwing my hands up in the air. "Anyway, come on. Let's just get to school and then I don't care what you do with Ethan afterwords." "Alright. Deal," Lily agreed while Ethan looked between the two of us with slight embarrassment in his eyes. "But, let me just finish up here first." "Yeah, yeah. Whatever," I mumbled tiredly as I then walked back to my own home to get ready. "You're going to be late," my mother sung as I walked up the stairs. "Not if my vampire speed can't help it!" I shouted out as I then rushed up the stairs at full max and got ready in turbo mood. Ah yes, turbo mood. I've perfected it over the past couple of years. I really owe it to Aunt Alice for that one. She can get ready in under a minute. "Damn, that was fast," Jacob mentioned, rubbing his eyes as he tried to get rid of the sleepiness. "I know," I stated proudly, applying the last bit of lip gloss to my lips. "And just in time." I then leaned over and kissed Jacob on the lips, "I'll see you when I get home." "See ya," He replied, grinning up at me as I then headed downstairs. Lizzy, Abby, Jen, and Aidan were all waiting for me. "I got Abby and Lizzy. You take the others," My dad announced as he came over. "Okay," I said as I go to kiss him on the cheek. "And good morning to you." "Morning," He responded, chuckling as he opened the door. "And now, will the middle schoolers please come with me." "I can't wait until I'm in high school," Lizzy mumbled, walking past us. She was in the fifth grade last year, but we had her skip the sixth grade due to the fact she's much more intelligent and she also happens to be growing a little faster. She looked about eight or ten when we first got here, now she was looking more like thirteen or fourteen. She wasn't too thrilled because now she had to make new friends. She went from cozy elementary school to ugly middle school. We were a little worried because of her growth though. It wasn't just hers too, it was also Abby. Abby has the fastest growth rate of all. In fact, she looks around the same age as Lizzy now. Only a year ago she was our baby cousin. We had to figure out exactly what to do about Abby once her growth got quicker. She had about a year left until she was fully grown. We thought homeschool, but Grandpa predicted that her growth rate may slow down enough for her to attend public school for the year. After Masen and I graduate though, we're probably going to move. Maybe. Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett might stay for Lily and Aidan to finish out while that leaves the rest of us with decisions. Lizzy would just follow my parents to the next place and Masen and I would have to decide if we'd want to stick with the nomadic changing school lifestyle of our family or try something else. Like college. I could pass off for a college student, I did stop growing but I look about eighteen. Meanwhile, Masen had other things to think about. Specifically Grace and whatever held their future. The minute we got into the school, I'm greeted by my friend Lisa Rutter. "Hey Ren!" Lisa exclaimed, coming over to greet me. "Did