Okay so this is a sequel to my story, Sunrise , so if you get confused it's probably because you might need to read Sunrise before you read this story. It's not essential to read the 1st story since I explain most of it in this 1st chapter, but there are a lot of new characters and things that I mentioned in Sunrise, so you might need the background info. Anyway, let's get onto the 1st chapter of Noon Sun! Chapter One Renesmee's POV I smile as I look at the photo of my family on my nightstand. It was taken right after my fourth birthday. I looked to be around the age of a middle schooler, possibly thirteen. Masen and Lizzy, my younger siblings, were both underneath my arms as I pulled them close to me. Masen looked to be around the age of elven years old at the time while Lizzy was the size of a small four year old. Poor kid was still pretty mad at Masen since he already looked older than her, but I know the feeling. I used to tower over Masen, but now he towers over me. My parents were on either side of my siblings, smiling at the camera as well. It happens to be my favorite family photo of all. That's why it's right on my dresser. Masen said I should just get a new one already, but I like it. Even though I don't look thirteen anymore. Now I look more about fifteen or sixteen. I have only a year left until my seventh birthday. Well almost a year, I would be turning six in a week. We had just celebrated Lily and Aidan's fourth birthday and it was pretty grand. Aidan didn't care much about it, but Lily on the other hand had to have everything perfect. Lily and Aidan, my cousin's and Aunt Rosalie and Uncle Emmett's adopted hybrid twins, look to be around fourteen or fifteen now. Well Aidan has always been smaller than Lily. He just looks younger than her for some reason. Well he did act younger than Lily. Aidan is immature while Lily is mature, or tries to be mature. Lizzy looks about eight or nine now and Masen looks older than me at the age of sixteen. Even though he still isn't four yet, the guy looks pretty old. Well he does have a few months until his fifth birthday, so I guess that's why. Lizzy and Masen are my two siblings that aren't hybrids nor vampires. They are something called Lux Lamia's, or Light Vampires in Latin, since their kind is created using the most powerful source of energy to magic, light. My parents conceived the two on Isle Esme when we went there to hide from Lorenzo, an evil man who was part vampire, warlock, human, and werewolf. He wanted to kill my whole entire family off for being a threat, so we ran from Forks to Isle Esme to hide for awhile. Lizzy was conceived first, and was born sometime in November. Then came along Masen, our little surprise on New Years. The Lux Lamia's always have some sort of 'twin' born at a different time, but the funny thins is that Lizzy and Masen can't pass off as twins considering Masen grows much faster than Lizzy does. I decide to get dressed in a white tang top and jean shorts as I make my way down to the first floor. I notice my parents are outside talking about mom's private tutoring. Dad thinks that it's almost time to relocate so mom could go to real college. I'll miss these islands, after all it's where I spent the last four years of my life at. But, I know how much this meant to mom, and I didn't want to discourage her dreams. We weren't kids anymore, well except for Lizzy, and I think we were old enough to go to new places and act like normal teenagers. I wanted to be around other kids. After four years of being isolated on an island, I want to go back to school and make human friends. I wanted to graduate high school, go to my very own prom, and maybe go to college. Today is Sunday, so no school today. It was just a nice relaxing day on the islands. We've been home schooled for the past few years. For the most part it's my dad teaching us, but some of my other relatives love teach us as well. Dad covers everything from math, science, language, and he's taught us about the human and vampire worlds. Grandpa loves to step in when it's Biology or Chemistry, or he'll retell stories about things back in the olden days. My mom teaches us about English, Aunt Rosalie teaches us about mechanics, Uncle Jasper teaches history, and Uncle Emmett has his own form of gym class. Grandma Esme even has her own version of economics with Aunt Alice. If I were to go to a human school I'd be advanced in everything. I decide to head down to the kitchen for some breakfast. I go to grab a yogurt from the fridge and head to the island to devour it. I didn't even take me a second to see something was up. There, right behind the French doors in our kitchen, stacking up a bucket filled with water balloons, was none other than Lizzy. She was in a camouflaged suit and had her hair tied back. I frown at her and go to make my way over. "Liz, what the heck are you doing?" "What does it look like," she remarked, motioning to the water balloons. "I'm gonna knock Aidan right off his butt with these babies. Uncle Jazz is going to help me win this time. Uncle Em is on Aidan's team. The two got into a fight because Uncle Emmett broke Uncle Jasper's jet ski or something, I don't know. You know our uncles," Lizzy said as she flipped her bright bronze hair out of her face, revealing her emerald eyes. Lizzy is my intelligent sister who honestly is like the next Einstein or something. She isn't someone to mess to because she can outsmart you in a heartbeat. Or in cases like my dear cousin, Aidan, who loves to annoy Lizzy, always has to pay the price of her genius pranks and payback schemes. The two are best friends though. He's the closest person to Lizzy besides Seth. They all do act like the youngest in our family. Even though Aidan gets on Lizzy's nerves, he's right up there with my sister. He is genius when it comes to building things and honestly Lizzy and Aidan are the perfect dynamo duo when it comes to making schemes. But I shouldn't forget Seth because he's just as bad as the two. "In other words, Uncle Jazz and I are having war with Aidan and Uncle Emmett. Care to join?" Lizzy asked as she held up the balloons. "No, I'm good," I tell her as I ruffled her hair. "Thanks though." "Sure... Hey! Uncle Jasper! Time for war!" Lizzy yelled out. Uncle Jasper came in a nano second later with the same outfit. "Hey, Nessie," he said noticing me as Lizzy skipped over to him with the bucket of water balloons. "Let's go get them munchkin," He said to her. Lizzy nodded as she hoped on his back and they were off. Did I mention we also had tree houses on all of the islands along with secret hiding spots we made as children. Normally that's where we use to play war games like what Lizzy was playing now, but most of us got older and outgrew those games. I go to head outside to see that Lily is here sun bathing on our beach while Masen and Ethan are wind surfing. Ethan is my adopted elder brother, or everyone's brother basically. Esme and Carlisle kind of took him in as their own. He's just like Masen and Lizzy, a Lux Lamia, and he became a big part of this family about four years ago. He lost his family to this evil man, Lorenzo, when he was younger. We met up years after their death when we wanted to learn more about my sister and brother. We were also both being harassed by Lorenzo, just like Ethan's family, so we all teamed up to defeat him. Thinking of Lorenzo caused a shiver up my spine as I touched the faded scar of a bite mark on my arm. No human eye could see it well, but I could. It was still there to remind me I almost died that day four years ago. I sigh, shaking the thought out of my head, as I walk over to Lily. She has her sun glasses on so I knew she was admiring the 'view' or in other words, Ethan. She had like this secret big crush on Ethan. She has since the beginning. As kids she even told me when Ethan wasn't around that she thought he was cute. I guess that simple little silly crush soon grew into an even bigger one. "Hey, Lil," I said to my cousin. She was more like my sister and one of my best friends. She was the only one I could talk to, that doesn't live with me, about girly things and stuff. I could talk to Lizzy about that stuff, but the thing is she is eight. She may have the mentality of a genius, but that didn't stop her from being a regular eight year old. Sometimes her maturity can fool you. "Hey, Ness," Lily said as she leaned back against the lawn chair to soak up some sun. "So how's the eye candy?" I asked her through my power as I went to touch her forearm. I could practically see the eye roll behind her shades. "It's still um cute," Lily squeaked out as she watched Ethan get splashed by the waves. I turn to see Masen as he splashed through the waves. He grew up so much. He had the shortest childhood out of anyone here. He really grew up to be just like dad. Masen loves music, and he's very into sports. If I had to describe my siblings personality wise, which parent seemed we seem the most like, Masen is the most like dad, Lizzy is like mom, and I'm like both of them. Maybe that's because I was the only child to be evenly mixed in looks, even though my hair did get a little darker, it still was bronze. Lizzy looks the most like dad and Masen like mom, except for his face. He had my dad's chin and nose, but overall he looked like mom. I had my mother's brown eyes and my father's hair, meanwhile Lizzy looked like dad with her bronze hair and green eyes, but she has a similar face to mine. When we were little our faces were almost identical, but as we got older they both became a bit different. My brothers are very close. Since Masen grew up faster than us he didn't always want to be hanging around us. He began to bond with Ethan when he was about two and since then the two have been like two peas in a pod. I guess Masen needed a guy friend or brother like that since Aidan is always off with Lizzy. He still loved Aidan like a brother, but he was closer to Ethan. Masen became the little brother Ethan lost. Ethan does have a biological brother, Lucas, who went missing after the death of their parents. He just disappeared. No one, not even Ethan, knows where he is, but Ethan has some gut feeling he's alive. The weird thing is Lizzy and Masen both get the same feelings. My Grandpa and Ethan predicted that since they were all conceived in the