Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. It'd be an awesome Christmas present, but not even Santa can grant that wish. Where are you Christmas? Where are you Christmas Why can't I find you Why have you gone away Where is the laughter You used to bring me Why can't I hear music play ~Faith Hill (Bella's POV) It was a cool December morning here in Forks. A fresh blanket of white snow covered the ground and the wind was blowing wildly. I was currently in my spot by the window with my cheek pressed against the cool glass. A nice warm cup of tea was in my hands as I observed our lawn. There was a deflated snowman in one corner of the yard and a deflated snow globe of Santa and Rudolph in the other. There was also light up reindeers all over the place. All of the decorations were curtsey of my elder brother. I couldn't believe it wasChristmas already. Where did the time go? It seemed like yesterday we were handing out candy for Halloween and setting up the slip and slide for the yearly summer barbecue. Part of me couldn't wait for the holidays to come already. I always loved everything about them. The decorations, the family get togethers, the snow (even though I hate the cold), and the warm fuzzy feelings you get from the holiday. But for some reason this Christmas doesn't seem as special as the others. Maybe it's because my husband won't be here this year. My husband, Sargent Edward Cullen, has been overseas for the past year and he won't be coming home for Christmas this year. His time in the military is almost up though. He should be home for good in about three months. He tried to pull some strings to see if he could come home for the holidays, but it looks like they aren't allowing him this year. I met Edward Cullen when we were in High School. Before him it seemed like my life was dark and miserable. I know it sounds very dramatic and slightly needy, but it's true. My life wasn't really perfect to begin with. He made it much more brighter. My parents divorced when I was five, causing my big brother, Emmett, and I to take part in a huge custody battle. My mom won and ended up taking the two of us to Phoenix with her. Even though I loved the warmth of the sunny state, nothing about it seemed like home. We barley saw our dad and our mom was always working. Plus Renee was going through a slight depression at the time. We had to move in with Grandma Marie and she took care of Emmett and I for most of our lives until her death when I was about twelve. After that we were pretty much on our own. Renee was a great mother though and I did love her, but she just didn't act like a mother. She was more of a best friend and a sister. I didn't know what motherly affections were entirely like until I met Edward's mother, Esme. But all in all, I loved Renee very much. She was my partner in crime and best friend. I ended up losing my best friend when I was fourteen when she got into a car accident. My mother died right on the spot. When I learned the news, I was devastated. I couldn't sleep or eat for weeks. Plus we had to move to Forks to be with our only living guardian, Charlie. I did miss Charlie and Forks, but the move wasn't a good idea since I was still depressed. Emmett was getting really worried about me and so was Charlie. Then on the first day of high school things seemed to turn for the better. That's when Alice Cullen and Rosalie Hale approached me in homeroom. Alice Cullen is very small with spiky black hair and bright green eyes. She's a major fashionista and the most energetic girl you'll ever meet. When I first met her I thought she drank too much caffeine or something, but in reality she was just excited to meet me. Apparently she told Rose that day she had a 'feeling' they'd make a new friend. Rosalie Hale is a tall blonde with violet blue eyes and is absolutely drop dead gorgeous. She's one fierce girl and if you insult her or her family and friends, she won't hesitate to rip you to shreds. She's one protective and loyal girl. Alice and Rose would become the two sisters I never had. They would protect and stand by my side from then on, and I'd do the same. They showed some form of kindness to me the day we met. Most of the other kids were getting on my nerves, trying to get buddy-buddy with me. But for some reason, these two girls didn't seem to annoy me. From there they invited me to their lunch table where I met Rosalie's elder brother, Jasper, a blonde look alike of Rose with hazel eyes. He was in Emmett's grade, a year above us, and was a complete history geek. He loved everything about the Civil War and he slowly became another brother to me. Then I met the Edward Cullen, Alice's twin brother. Edward was the school's most wanted boy. Every single girl wanted to date him and every boy wanted to be him. He was nothing but pure perfection. He looked, and still does, like Adonis himself. His perfectly tousled bronze hair and emerald christmas green eyes made him the epiphany of perfection. He was also captain of the football team, baseball team, debate team, and the school's best musician; making him the perfect guy. The Cullen family in general was the most well known family in all of Forks. Carlisle Cullen, Edward and Alice's father, was the best doctor in the region and their mother, Esme Cullen, was a famous fashion designer in her day. Nowadays she has a small business for planning weddings, but she still dabbles in fashion when Alice needs help at her boutique. Well, Edward Cullen took a liking to me and sooner than I knew, we would become best friends. Edward and I became inseparable. We would always hang out with one another and spend any moment we had with each other. I admit I had a small crush on him at first, but soon as the years past that silly little crush would begin to turn into love. He would become my whole world. The only problem was I didn't know if I could ever tell him. Girls in our school would do anything just to get a simple wave or hello from him. It was hopeless in my case. He could have any girl he wanted. Why would he want me? His lame old friend. Everything changed for us in junior year. Rose and Emmett were a couple and so were Alice and Jasper, leaving Edward and I out of the loop. I ended up spending more time with him than ever since the rest of our friends were out on dates with each other. Then came the winter dance, the night that would change everything. I had gone alone, obviously, and didn't know that, that night would be the night I would tell Edward Cullen how I really felt about him. It was the high school's annual winter dance, the dance that would kick off the holiday break. Everyone in the high school would be there. It was the last bash of the year that everyone wanted to take part in. It was almost as big as prom. Alice had dressed me up that night in an emerald green dress with spaghetti straps and sliver ballet flats. She did a damn good job at dressing me for the dance. I normally didn't like it when she played 'dress up' with me, but tonight was an exception. I was currently sitting at a table, alone, while I watched all my friends dance with their dates. My brother had Rose in his arms and Alice was in Jasper's, while I sat on the sidelines. One reason why I was sitting alone at a table was because I didn't like dancing and the other was because had no date to the dance. I turned my head to see Lauren Mallory and Jessica Stanley as they tried to get Edward to dance with one of them. They were clinging to him as if he was the last man on earth. Desperate much? I thought to myself. They were the biggest whores in the school and my least favorite people. "Hey, Bella," I heard the voice of Mike Newton pierce my ears. Oh god, here we go again. This boy has had a crush on me ever since I could remember. He was like an irritating fly that would never leave me alone. He has been trying to go on a date with me since I moved to Forks. "I was wondering if you wanted to dance?" he asked as he approached me. Mike held out his clammy gross hand towards me, but I gently pushed it away. "No thanks, Mike. I'm good." "Why not? You think you're too good for me!" He huffed in annoyance. "I just don't want to," I snapped at him, clearly irritated. "Oh well, I'd think about it if I were you. You know where you can find me if you change your mind," he said, doing a little dance, which I rolled my eyes at. This boy had to be the most annoying person on this entire planet, right next to Jessica and Lauren. "Thanks, but no thanks," I muttered sarcastically, glaring at him. He just huffed and stormed away from me. I didn't take long for Mike to begin pestering another girl. He was such the man whore. After watching the millionth dance of the night, I was getting tired. I didn't want to be here anymore. The rest of my friends were enjoying themselves and I had no clue where Edward was. There weren't many dances left anyway. The dances ends in about an hour. I just had to survive until then, or maybe steal Em's car keys. I was close to falling asleep on that table until Alice came bouncing over to me. She was in a sparkly ice blue dress and it looked like something the sugar plum fairy herself would wear. Alice even had specks of glitter in her spiky hair. "Dance with him," Alice demanded, grabbing my hand. "Who?" I questioned in confusion, raising my eyebrows. "Edward, of course." she giggled. Alice and Rosalie have known for a very long time I have had a crush on her brother. I confessed to them at a sleepover at Rose's house awhile back. I don't know what happened that night, but it just slipped. "I don't know..." "Oh, come on," Alice said, rolling her eyes. She pulled me up with a bunch of force, which sort of surprised me. I know Alice was a strong girl, but her strength sure did surprise me. I was so close to killing Alice as she then dragged me all the way over to Edward. In the end though, I was so thankful that she did because I would have never had enough courage to do it myself. Alice made sure to push Jessica and Lauren away from Edward when we reached him, shooting them daggers as she stood in front of the two of us. Lauren and Jessica, both terrified of Alice and Rose, scurried away and went to look for another boy to gape at. "Dance," Alice ordered with a giggle as she pushed me right into Edward's chest. I almost fell down if Edward didn't catch me in time. "Alice!" I hissed at her. My best friend just simply giggled as she pranced away to Jasper. I