"Do you think we'll live a normal life ever again?" Hermione looked over to the dark skinned man sat next to her on the sofa. "When has our life ever been normal?" "Do you ever wish you hadn't have found out?" "No. Not for a second." She replied closing her book and placing it on the table in front of them. "Me either. I thought I would after everything but I really don't." Dean checked his watch and asked. "Where's Harry?" "He's at Headquarters." By Headquarters she meant Andromeda's home, now overrun by members of the Order of the Phoenix. "Do you think they will find them all?" He moved his arm to the back of the sofa, encircling her shoulders. "They aren't the type of people to keep quiet for long." "Hmmm. " He said nodding his head. "Hence why we are here. They will come for the Muggle born first. They think we're easy, that our abilities are lesser." "You would have though you being Harry Potter's best friend would have changed their opinions by now." "They think I stole my magic and that's why I'm good at what I do. That's what she said to me that night." She looked at the book on the table and not in his eyes. It made it easier to talk about it. If she didnt look at him. "Bellatrix?" He said softly stroking her shoulder with his fingers. She nodded. "She said I was disgusting, that I was a thief. That I was lower than shit on her shoe." "If anyone is more deserving of having this gift it's you." "Thank you." She looked at him and smiled. "It's good. How you can talk about it. " His brown eyes were large and lovely. It was easy to be open with him. He made her feel comfortable. "I've seen what keeping it all in does. I don't want to be like that." "It's brave." She shook her head. "Sitting in a house doing nothing isn't brave." "We can't do anything else. We're targets, you said yourself." "I know. I just feel useless. Stuck here." "Hey! I thought I was doing a good job of keeping you entertained?" He feigned being upset and stuck out his bottom lip but smiled quickly after. "You are. I didn't mean it like that." "I know." He continued to smile at her keeping the circling of his fingers on her shoulder. "I just wish there was something we could do." "I can take your mind off it if you want?" He reached out and placed his free hand in hers. "Dean…" She started, not sure of what she would say next. "Why are you overthinking this?" She looked at him incredulously and answered. "Because that's what I do." "Then do me a favour and just… don't think, just for a few seconds." He leaned his head a fraction closer to hers and she looked at him. His large brown eyes looking into hers. This is the way it had been for the past two months of the four that they had been together in the safe house. At first he would sit a bit closer on the sofa. He would look at her for that bit too long after making her laugh. Harry was always out for most of the day and only returned late to sleep so they only had each other. A touch of her hand. A hug that lasted too long. A kiss here and there. Then the kisses would last longer. Now he would push her flush up against a wall where she could feel the hardness in his trousers against her stomach. The first time he went down on her was an eye opener. She didn't know her leg would twitch or that she would feel like her insides were on fire. She didn't think she would like going down on him but she did. She liked watching him fall apart under her touches. They hadn't had sex but she could knew Dean wanted to. She liked him and he liked her but was that enough? They got on and she cared about him but this was just a way to pass the day and not about love. She wouldn't live long enough for that. Not in this world. All of three seconds had passed and Dean continued to close that gap between them. Three seconds and all those thoughts had run through her mind. She really did think too much. Maybe Dean was right. She needed to not think and just let go every now and then. She had lived her life by books and plans and rules and maybe she needed time to just not be that person anymore. So she didn't. She cleared her head and thought only of this man in front of her, with his brown eyes and his soft lips inching their way closer to hers. It was different to Ron but not in a bad way. Dean's lips were larger, softer and seemed to be well practised. Ron's were thinner but still practised from his months with Lavender. Ron and the rest of the Weasley clan would make their bi-weekly visit for dinner on a Sunday. She would help Molly and Ginny with the cooking then sit and chat with Ron and Harry like they would in the great hall at Hogwarts. It wasn't awkward with Ron. It never had been. They had just drifted from their feelings and found their friendship meant more than ever. Those days they didn't talk of the world outside the small house. Then when the family left the sense of loneliness would set in. Harry would stay in his room and plan without her and she would take solace in Dean. And he would take solace in her. The thing with Dean was that they both knew what this was. They weren't in school now and they had been forced to group up quickly in the new world. It had now been six months since Voldemort was killed and for the first two months the world felt right. Until the attacks started. Firstly, it was a Ministry worker, then a few Muggles. Everywhere more and more people were being attacked. And the majority of the attacks were on Muggle born Witches and Wizards or Half Bloods. Four months ago Hermione thought she had died. She had dreamt of empty faces and dark rooms for what seemed an eternity. She had been told once she had woken up that she had been attacked and narrowly escaped death due to a badly placed curse by a young recruit. She had moved to the safe house the next day and Dean had arrived three weeks later. She was thought to have been one of the main targets of ' The Ashes .' Harry was also in the safe house with them but he spent most of his time with the Order or the Ministry trying to come up with ways to capture, or stop them. It was an unusual name for the group of unforgiving death eaters. When you think of rising from the ashes you think of a Phoenix. A beautiful creature signalling a new beginning. A creature with healing powers and creating a fresh start, yet these people had adapted it to their cause. A new beginning from the Ashes of Tom Riddles decaying body. Each time they attacked they would leave messages on the bodies of the dead. Usually a derivative of their motto: 'From his ashes we will rise.' They were scratched into the skin, just like her mudblood scar. They would write it on the walls around the bodies using their clotting blood. As the whispers reached the Ministry and the Order it was no surprise that they found Rodolphus Lestrange at the head of the group. No doubt in her mind where he got the idea of disfiguring their bodies from. The thought made her shiver. It felt like every day that they were there was a count down on their time. A countdown on when they would either be found and killed, or when the Ashes would be found and locked up. In the end it was one or the other. Neither could still be around with the other. After a few seconds, Dean lifted his hand to her cheek and stroked it lightly and tickled his tongue against her lips. She parted her lips slowly as they continued to kiss, massaging their tongues together. He moved his hand into her hair, ticking the back of her neck with his fingertips and she moved her hand to grip his shirt. He pulled away slowly and kissed her on the nose. "When did you get so hot?" Dean asked. "When I'm the only girl you've laid eyes on for four months." "You're very presumptuous." "I am also very correct." She quipped at him and raised her eyebrows. "Then why didn't you tell me to stop?" "Because I wasn't thinking." "Are you still thinking now?" He asked with a wide grin. "No." She said flatly then mirrored his grin. She really found it hard to keep a straight face round him. His smile was infectious. "Good." He leaned forward again and kissed her. This time more forceful than before. She let his tongue into her mouth straight away and grabbed at his shirt again. He ran his hand up her side then moved his hand to cup her breast pushing her back on the sofa and settling himself in between her legs pushing his area into hers. She was right. She really wasn't thinking. Luckily Harry came back at that moment and stopped them from completely losing their minds. "Hermione?" He called out from the kitchen. "Man, that guy has shit timing." Dean jibed as he moved off her and rested back on the arm of the sofa. Hermione smirked, stood up, adjusted her top and walked towards the kitchen. "What's up Harry?" She called in his direction stepping into the kitchen. "We have Nott!" He exclaimed too excited to keep still, pacing along the table in the square room. "What!? How!?" "We found one of their hide outs!" "How many were there? Is anyone hurt?" A serious of faces flashed through her mind. People that she loved and cared about. People that she hadn't seen for weeks, months but still worried for despite their distance. "Six captured. Nott the only senior member. The rest young. 4 lads, one girl. Everyone from the Order is fine. A few curses but nothing serious." A sigh of relief left her lips. "That's great... You think they will talk?" "I don't know... probably not." His smile faltered slightly. "Can't we use Legilimens? Or Verit..." He held up his hand to stop her "The new world has to be fair... and with that means nothing... forced." It was right of course. But it didn't mean they had to like it. She would have used all the Veritiserum in the world to get information out of the group. But she knew things had to change and if that mean giving them their human rights then it had to happen, however much she hated the idea. "How did you find them?" She asked. "We have someone helping us." This was new..."Who?" "I cant tell you." "Of course you can't." She huffed. "What's up?" Dean had just walked in. Watching Hermione closely with her arms crossed over her chest looking worried. "They found Nott." Hermione said flatly. "How?" Dean asked. "Someone on the inside?" Hermione questioned and directed towards Harry. "Not anymore... No." He said turning to the cupboard behind him and pulling out a pack of biscuits. "I wish you would tell me." "I can't, I'm sorry." He said through a mouthful of crumbs. "I know... Is there anything I can do? I'm bored out of my mind here." She looked at Dean; knowing it would annoy him but then again