Wasting My Young Years Disclaimer: I'm not Rick Riordan. If I were, have sure I wouldn't post my fanfics here lol. The title is from the song by London Grammar. A/N: I've been reading a lot of percabeth fics lately and also I've read again PJO so it's why most of my fics will settle during the first series or pre HoO (at least for now). I didn't have sure how this fic would go through since I started thinking how I'd use the prompt, so this idea just crossed my mind and I decided to give it a try. It got longer than I planned and I'm not sure about the plot itself, but well I like the end mainly. Feel free to comment/favorite it is appreciated. I'm sorry if there are grammar mistakes. Remember, English is not my first language. I woke up with the familiar scent of my mom's cookies baking in the kitchen. I smiled cheerfully in just thinking how good those cookies would taste right after the first bite. I didn't realize how hungry I was at such an early hour. From the window of my bedroom, I knew it was early morning and I should get up and get ready for the last day of school. I felt excited in a way that wasn't normal, at least not for me. For the first time, I had sure I'd finish the school year without getting expelled or put myself in a huge trouble. It was funny because I didn't remember why I've been expelling from every school I'd attended since forever… I knew something very bad happened but I couldn't figure out the reason. That was weird. I forgot about this thought the moment I entered the kitchen and saw my mom smiling to me. She was beautiful in her work clothes ready for her new job. I couldn't be happier for her knowing how much hard work she did to get her diploma and the position. "Morning dear", she said to me putting the baking tray full of my favorite cookies on the table. The best thing about those cookies? They were blue . Yeah, I know it's so cool. We happily ate and drank coffee talking about small things like school, her new job, the fact that I needed to clean my bedroom right after I arrived (honestly it didn't make me happy) and if I could finally buy that skateboard I've been desire since the beginning of the school year. I even started working in a part-time job at the café down the street from of our house just to make money for it. My mom has said to me how much it was dangerous and that I should be careful and responsible. I just said I was her most responsible son. "Hum dear but you're my only son", she didn't hide the laugh in her voice. "Exactly, that's why I'm the most responsible". She grinned shaking her head and getting up to wash the dishes, while I clean up the table the best I could, still eating the last cookie. An hour after, she left giving me a kiss on the cheek and wishing me a good day. I went on my way to school and met my friends at the subway. We were cheerful and noisy, making jokes about what we'd do during the summer or if we'd pass that horrible Math test today. To be honest, just thinking about that test made me nervous because I knew that my chances to pass were minimal. Since my ADD and dyslexia have been part of my life for my misery, I couldn't tell if I did a good job studying. Making things worst, I hated Math the same way I hated English and Literature. Christ, those classes were a torture, but I knew I couldn't fail this time because even though I'd never admit loudly, I wanted to make my mom proud of me and prove that Percy Jackson, the troublesome kid that every teacher hates, could pass in Math and English. Deal with that. I was quiet in my seat just listening to Adam talking how much he wanted to ask that cute girl from his PE classes to a date when I saw something staring at me. I blinked then a girl probably at my age was looking at me with puffy gray eyes, her messy blonde curls making her appearance wild, and her lips were trembling in a thin line: "Percy, please don't" Her voice was sad on the edge of crying. No one was paying attention to us and I had a weird feeling that I was the only one who could see her. "Who are you? I've never met you before…" That wasn't totally true, though. For some bizarre reason I had the feeling I knew her from somewhere, but when I tried to force my mind to think what could be, it was as if a big brick wall raised blocking my thoughts. I couldn't pass or climb it for the most I tried. The girl let some tears fell down on her face and something inside me cracked. Seeing her sad made me want to go to her, hug her tight and stop her tears. Nevertheless, she was gone in the magic way she appeared in front of me. No one noticed what happened, and I was glad that my friends weren't paying attention to me because I felt bothered and sad for no reason I could tell. Something about that girl was very familiar to me. After that, I tried not to think about the mysterious girl and instead I concentrate on the classes and final tests. I was trying to put my mind in focus to answer the questions but of course, I was thinking about the girl again. That weird feeling still was there and it frustrated me how much I couldn't understand what happened. Did I start getting paranoiac? Like really crazy? I didn't know what to think. After the class, I went to my locker to exchange my books for the final hour when someone approached me. "Hey, Percy what's up?" I turn to see the face of my locker neighbor, Alicia Crawley. She was smiling as always with her curly black hair in a high ponytail, her lips with a light pink lipstick that made a nice contrast with her cinnamon skin. I had to admit, I've always found her very beautiful and maybe I had a crush on her. We have hung out a couple of times because our friends were the same and we shared some classes together through the year. Not only she was beautiful, but also, she was very friendly, funny, and good at playing games. She was the nicest girl I've met, not kidding. "I'm good and you?" "Fine" she opened and closed her locker quickly, her smile without vanish "I was thinking if you want to go to have some ice cream with me after class?" I felt an entire gymnastic routine in my stomach. Was she asking me out? Suddenly my mouth got so dry as if I haven't drunk water for days. "Y-yeah sure". It was so quickly that after, I thought if it didn't happen. She got closer and kissed my cheek enough for me to blush hard. Then she left for her next class not only before she faced me through her shoulders, her eyes sparkling. "Good. See you later then". I stayed a long five minutes glazing to nothing like an idiot. Suddenly, the girl from the subway appeared again in front of Alicia's locker. This time, she wasn't crying, but her face was serious and her mouth tight as her wrists. I jumped scared -I know how brave of me, but I doubt you'd have a different reaction. "You again!" "This is what you want to yourself, Percy?" Her voice sounded like daggers throwing at me. I couldn't understand a word she was saying and sorry, this made me angry. I hate when people talked to me in this tone of voice. "What the hell do you want?" Her eyes widened a little so yeah I sounded very angry. I felt bad for that right after. When she spoke again, her voice sounded deep in sadness. "You need to come back to your life, Percy. This is not your life and will never be. We need you, the world needs you right now…" I stared at her feeling a lump in the throat. I got sad for no reason. Something inside me was saying "she was right, you know that you idiot". The girl approached me not leaving my eyes. I'm not that good at understanding people's feelings though I knew she was begging for me to listen to her and do what she said. "I need you. I need you so badly, I can't complete the quest without you, I can't…" She stopped. I almost broke the distance to hug her, but she took my hand and squeezed it, some tears threating to go down. "I can't live without anymore, Seaweed Brain. I'm so sorry if I've treated you bad in the last weeks, but please, please don't leave me. Not now!" I frowned feeling a lot more confusing. What did she call me? "You keep saying it but I just can't understand," I said softly. I didn't want to make her cry again. "I mean, how come this is not my life and you keep appearing from nowhere?" She caressed my face with her free hand bringing a million shocks through my body. It was a pleased sensation, better than when Alicia kissed my cheek. "This is a trap, a choice to make you confusing, remember? Please try to remember". I frowned forcing my mind again to pass the wall inside it. Somehow, I succeed and flashes like bad photographs crossed my mind. There was something very wrong going on here, this I could tell. You know that kind of dreams you have that feel so real but suddenly you thought that everything was a fake? That was what I felt in that moment. However, I still couldn't understand everything and it gave me a headache. Catching off my guard, the girl hugged me sobbing a little. I hugged her back feeling horrible to the suffering I was causing to her. She didn't deserve this, I knew that. "If you go with that girl, it will be almost impossible for me to track you again since you made your choice. Your memories will be less about who you are and… You'll be in this reality… Forever. You can't, Percy…" "Ok, ok. I'm not sure what's going on but I believe you, ok? I'm not going anywhere". I rubbed her back and let my head rest on her shoulder. She lifted her head and stared at me, a tiny smile playing on her lips. Her eyes were red and her cheeks marked with a path of tears, but even that I thought she was very pretty. Adorable even. "Good, Seaweed Brain. You need to get out of here. Now". Right. I know what you're thinking. That was the craziest conversation ever and nothing made sense at all. Then, she's gone. In a minute I was hugging her, the next I was alone again in the middle of the school corridor. I swallowed hard. I wanted to run and try to find the girl, no way had she just evaporated like smoke – though I knew that was exactly what happened. I felt like someone had just punched me in the face twice. Alicia's hand caressed my shoulder. Her laugh was a beautiful sound in the sunshine of the park. I followed her gaze to the two kids in the swing. I know it can sound tacky, but I was very proud of them screaming to each other and competing who could go highest. "You love