Hermione lay back on her bed and stared up at the canopy that draped above her. She closed her eyes and pictured the beautiful red-headed man that often filled her thoughts. She looked over at the piece of parchment sitting on her bedside table. "I may have a solution to your problem. Third Floor bathroom during breakfast tomorrow. Come alone. -Pansy" Hermione was hesitant to accept the offer of the Slytherin girl who had so often made fun of her over the years, but she was in need of assistance. She was almost certain there was nothing that the girl could do that could be any worse than what she had done to her last Christmas, when she read her diary out loud in front of the whole great hall. Hermione fell asleep dreaming of the man that she hoped would one day look at her the same way she looked at him. - The next morning, Hermione awoke with a sense of urgency. She dressed in her uniform and grabbed her bag off the corner of the bed. She had waited until all the other girls had left the room before exiting it herself. She took the stairs two at a time almost tripping on one of the landings. When she entered the common room, her eyes were drawn to the fireplace because there standing with his twin was Fred Weasley. They were testing their Weasley products on first years again and as prefect she knew she should stop them but the second he looked up at her with those gorgeous brown eyes, Hermione became speechless. She put her head down and hastened her pace toward the portrait hole, running into Neville in the process. "Sorry Neville. In a hurry." Once she had cleared the view of the Fat Lady, Hermione slowed her pace by half a step. Everyone else would be at breakfast now so she shouldn't be seen. She rounded the corner on the third floor and realized how wrong her last thought had been. Flying above the door to the bathroom was none other than Peeves. That's just what she needed this morning. "Hey there Granger. Going to visit your old pal Moaning Myrtle this morning? Becoming real chummy after the whole chamber incident I suppose. Or perhaps it's the whole mudblood thing you have in common." Hermione didn't even flinch at the nasty comment. By now she was able to get over such childish insults. "Oh Peeves, I wonder what the Bloody Baron would say about you lurking outside the girls' lavatory." The poltergeist squinted his eyes and floated away without another word. Hermione checked the hallway to make sure there was no one else coming down the corridor, then pushed open the bathroom door. Pansy was leaning against the sink in the center of the room. The sink that Hermione knew lead to the Chamber of Secrets below. She wished for a moment that she knew Parseltongue so she could open the entrance and push the other girl down into the Chamber but shook it off. " So you actually showed up Granger. I'm surprised. Didn't think you had the guts. Well lets get this over with. I know I know. You're probably trying to figure out A. How I know your problem. And B. Why am I helping? Well to answer the first question I did read your diary last year remember and the answer to the second is I've been in your same situation. Draco barely even noticed I was there ninety percent of the time. I had just wished he were mine. Which brings me to our solution." Pansy pull a small pouch from the inside of her robe. From the pouch she produced a small vile of shiny purple liquid. "This potion is something I found in one of Draco's advanced potion making books. Its something we shouldn't be learning until our seventh year. It's called "Velit Ut" which is latin for "Make a Wish". Essentially you will write down your deepest wish on a piece of parchment. Then you will take a quick drink from the potion and sprinkle the rest on the piece of parchment, put the parchment in this pouch and place the pouch under your pillow all before going to bed. It worked for me." She handed Hermione the vile and pouch. "Good luck. I'm off to meet Draco for a bit of a songfest before first class." With that the other fifth year left Hermione standing in the bathroom. "Do you trust her?", came a voice from behind her. Of course, Myrtle had been listening the whole time. Hermione looked at the ghost girl and then back at the pouch. She shrugged her shoulders and decided it was worth the risk. Hermione spent the rest of the day anxious for bed that night. She was so focused on that that in transfiguration she turned her desk into a pig when all she was supposed to be do was turn her bookbag into a parrot. Professor McGonagall had seemed very concerned as she turned the barnyard animal back into furniture. Hermione stayed quiet all through dinner as Harry and Ron pestered her for help with homework. She walked with the boys back to the common room so as to not seem any more suspicious than she already had today. She sat with them by the fire and gave helped start their divination papers for them before excusing herself to her dormitory. She sat on the edge of her bed in the empty room. She pulled a piece of parchment from her bookbag and thought of her wish. She didn't just want to wish for Fred to be hers if it truly worked as powerfully as Pansy said it did. He wanted Fred to want her on his own. However, that didn't mean she couldn't influence his thoughts about her. She thought for a moment more and then wrote "I wish to know what Fred truly thinks of me." She then took a sip of the potion and sprinkled the rest on the parchment. She folded the paper and put it in its pouch. Sliding it under her pillow, Hermione wondered how tomorrow would turn out. She laid her head down, excited and a little worried about what she might find out. The light came into Hermione's eyes through a fog. She sat up in bed and looked around. This was not her dorm. It looked very similar to her dorm but much messier. The air had a strange smell to it. She stood up out of bed and noticed that all the other beds were empty. That is, except the one she just got out of. All she could see was a red hair poking up from under the blanket. She took a step back just as the door opened. George Weasley came busting into the room. "Wake up sleepy head. You're going to be late for class AGAIN." Hermione stood back to get out of the twins way but then realized he hadn't even noticed her. She didn't know what to do. How did she end up here? She watched as both boys ran out of the room, Fred having obviously slept in his uniform, neither of them acknowledging her presence. Hermione walked down the stairs into the common room but something was different. The fog that had been in the boys' dorm continued into the room below. What on earth was going on? Fred stood in the center of a crowd of first year girls while the all laughed as if whatever he had just said was the funniest thing they had ever heard. Hermione tried to walk toward them but stopped in her tracks when she saw Fred look up at her. No wait, he wasn't looking at her. He was looking past her. She turned around and suddenly, just like in the 80s movies her mom liked to watch, everything went into slow motion as the most beautiful girl she had ever seen walked down the stairs. As the girl got closer, Hermione was taken by surprise. The curls of her hair were softer, her teeth a tad bit smaller, but this beautiful girl was her. She turned and watched herself walk in Fred's direction. Fred suddenly looked at her with puppy dog eyes and all of the other girls completely disappeared. The other Hermione didn't even stop as she walked out of the portrait hole and Fred's face fell. Suddenly, George appeared next to his twin and put his hand on his shoulder. "Don't worry mate. One day you'll do something so extraordinary that she'll have to notice you" Suddenly, Hermione knew exactly what was going on. She was inside of Fred's head, in his dream to be exact. She had wished to know what Fred thought of her and now she would. Is that how Fred saw her? That beautiful woman who walked right passed him without a second glance? As soon as Fred and his twin walked toward the portrait hole the entire scene went black. Hermione stood in the complete darkness, not knowing what to do. If the dream had ended, if Fred had woken up, shouldn't she be back in her own room. Out of nowhere, there was a blinding light coming out of the darkness. She walked toward it and the boys dorm room came into focus again, but this time it was different. She turned around and the space behind her was still black. She looked back out toward the room and watched as flew off as if she were climbing out of bed. She could see a pair of feet touch the floor and then walk to the sink and mirror and the opposite side of the room. Through the light, Hermione saw Fred's sleepy face in the mirror. Oh no! She was trapped inside Fred's head. Fred brushed his fingers through his hair, ran the water in the sink and splashed it on his face. He was remembering the dream he had last night. Hermione was absolutely stunning but never said a word to him. She just saw him as her friend's goofy brother. What he wouldn't give to make her his. No,no,no,no! This was not what she had wished for at all. How was she supposed to get out? She assumed this was just her subconscious inside his head not her actual body so where was her body? Was it still in bed? Would Lavender or Pavarti notice if she didn't wake up? Would Harry and Ron notice when she didn't show up for breakfast. "Come on Hermione. You're intelligent. You will figure something out." Fred got ready for breakfast, quickly dressing in his uniform. As clumsy as he was, he fell over attempting to put on his sneakers. He grabbed his book bag and ran down the stairs hoping to catch a glimpse of the beautiful bookworm before breaking off for class. He scanned the room but it was already nearly empty. He didn't even see his brother or Harry. He walked out of portrait hole and ran into his twin and little sister. He could ask Ginny where Hermione was but the only one who knew of his feelings was George and he didn't want anyone else finding out. They all walked together to the great hall for breakfast. Even if his head and heart were somewhere else his stomach was hungry. The three redheads entered the great hall and sat down with Ron and Harry. Ginny was the one to speak up about the missing brunette. "Hey guys, where is Hermione?" Ron shrugged as he shoveled eggs into his face. Harry spoke up. "We thought she was coming down with you." Just then Lavender Brown and Parvati Patil came running up to the table. "Guys something is wrong. We can't get Hermione to wake up." Fred immediately jumped from his seat as did the rest of the group. They