Author: Becky L. Sly Title: On Human Skin And Bones Genre: Romance/Adventure/Drama Rating: M (explicit sexual content and description of violence) I don't own anything. All character belongs to Suzanne Collins ON HUMAN SKIN AND BONES by Becky L. Sly Chapter 1 – The Reaping Primrose Everdeen. From all names that could have been picked up by Effie Trinket, Katniss wished for having never heard that one. She felt her muscles jelly and her body lost the trim. She felt herself totally numb, languid. Couldn't be happening what was happening. Actually, that all was sort of ironic, because a couple of seconds ago Katniss was wishing for her name to not be chosen. " Don't be me. Don't be me", she whispered in her mind. No, there wasn't her. Was Prim, her little sister. "Prim?" Katniss muttered, No, that even sounded right. How Prim could have been picked up? Katniss was still feeling her body numb, then suddenly she realized a plenty of eyes looking at her, but she couldn't focus her sight in any of them. They were all stranger, were all pitying for what had happened. It was then that Katniss saw a pair of grey and familiar eyes looking at her. Gale was startled, almost as much as Katniss was. He was just a few feet away from her. He was resisting to the impulse of going through the crowd and stands by her side. But if he did that, luckily he only would get punched in his jaw from any of the Peacekeepers. However the truly reason that stagnated Gale where he was, preventing him from taking such a natural attitude for him as that, was that he was really shocked. Gale's sight made Katniss hit the ground. "Prim?!", she cried. She could see Prim, whom in the moment that listened at her sister's voice turned back to find her. Prim was on the verge of crying, trying to put her stubborn shirt into her skirt. She didn't know what to do. She didn't know if she should run away and hide herself somewhere, or if she should keep walking to the stage, where Effie Trinket was stretching her arms to welcome her. "Prim, Prim, Prim", Katniss started to walk towards her sister, muttering Prim's name in each pace. Two Peacekeepers noticed her moving and they also started approximating themselves. Katniss reached Prim's arm, whom turned back frightened, in time to see the horror in Katniss's frown. Prim had never saw that face in her sister, and she hardly would forget that sight. Before Katniss could did anything, those two Peacekeepers reached her arms and started to pulling her away from Prim. When she realized that she was being moved away, she struggled herself against the Peacekeepers, trying her best to cling Prim. She disentangled on of her hands, which hit the jaw of one of the Peacekeepers harder. "No! No!" she bawled desperate, being pulled away even more from Prim. "I volunteer! I volunteer myself as a tribute!" she yelled. At that moment the Peacekeepers set Katniss's arms free. All in the square turned their eyes toward Effie Trinket. Effie Trinket was stand on the stage slack-jawed. She was taking off her guard by the elapse of the Reaping. "Oh, well…" she whispered so low that even the Mayor by her side couldn't had listen. She cleaned her throat and continued. "Wonderful! Today is the day which the pleasant District 12 will be gifted with it's first volunteer for the games in so many years" Effie said with her weird accent from the Capitol. She stretched her hand towards Katniss, inviting her to the stage. "Come here, my dear". Prim was holding Katniss's hand at that moment; she was trembling by the adrenaline rush that was traveling her little body. Suddenly Gale appeared from the behind and picked up Prim from the ground. Prim struggled; she didn't want to stay away from Katniss. "That's okay, Prim" Katniss said over her shoulder while being escorted by Peacekeepers to the stage. "Stay with Gale" Katniss climbed the steps to the stage, kind of reeling, still numb. Effie greeted her and asked for she to put herself on her left side. Katniss obeyed and walked slowly towards there. She turned forward to the crowd that was watching her. She didn't want to cry, she didn't want to run away. Actually Katniss wasn't feeling anything by that moment. The only thing that she was thinking was that Prim was safe with Gale. Despite she had past through out that for five years, haunted by the possibility of being chosen, Katniss always felt inside her that it would never happen. Stupid crap, she muttered. Indeed, she was never picked up, she had volunteer herself for the Games. She had just signed for her death. "Well, now to the boys", Effie's mellow voice took Katniss away from her thoughts. "Any volunteer?" Effie asked. Honestly, that was a very rude question. Nobody wants to be there. "Well, let's go to the names, then", Effie finally said, putting her hand into the big bowl and grabbing a little card of paper. Katniss looked to the boy's row in front of her. Almost all of them were looking towards their own foot with a pained face, playing with the dust beneath their shoes. One or other were looking straight to the stage, but Katniss could swear that they were holding on their breaths. Everything will be okay, Katniss thought. Prim and mom will be safe with Gale, and they won't die by starvation. "Gale Hawthorne" Effie said with a unnecessary joyous voice. Katniss breathed out all the air of her lungs at once. It was like someone had just punched her in the stomach. They must be kidding me! Katniss's face was doleful. No, no, no, not Gale! Far from the stage, Gale was standing near Prim, still trying to keep her calm, but when he heard his name by Effie's voice, he froze. Prim looked gravely to Gale, whom appeared with a totally expressionless face. He released Prim's hand mechanically and started to walk toward the stage. A dead silence settled by the Square at that moment. Gale was still walking to stage when he glanced to the youngest boy's row, catching the sight of his little brother, Rory, whom was looking back to him. Rory moved his lips trying to murmur something to his brother, but Gale didn't understand. He kept walking till he reached the stage, putting himself at Effie's right side. "Well, well", Effie said, breaking the silence. "Ladies and gentlemen, your District 12 tribute for this 74th Hunger Games" Katniss and Gale were taken to the Justice Building and each one was placed in two different rooms where they should wait to receive their visitors before embarking on the train that would take them to the Capitol. While they were being taken, Katniss tried to reach Gale's eyes, hoping that he could tell her that everything would be okay, like he always did to calm her down. But Gale was avoiding himself from looking at her as hard as he could. He didn't wanted to. He'd rather believe that if he didn't look, maybe that was not happening at all. He couldn't bear the fact the he was supposed to join a competition where he would be forced to kill the one who he much cared about from all people. If not the most cared one. Katniss was left in an extremely luxury room, full with velvet carpets and leather armchairs. She sat in one of those and waited for her visitor. Not so long after that, Katniss heard a noise coming from her door and in the next second Prim and her mother appeared. Prim ran into Katniss and hugged her toughly, she was whimpering harder. "This's not fair" Prim croaked between a sob and other. "Listen to me carefully, Prim" Katniss gently held her sister's face with her hands and spoke to her with a very weak voice, avoiding herself from crying. "You need to be strong, kay? You need to be strong for me and for mom, now. You'll have to find a way to get food". "But how?" "Learn how to hunt. You know where my bow is. You'll have to learn that by yourself" said Katniss, trembling in the last sentence, feeling a tear streaming down her face. "You need to be strong now, Prim" Prim nodded and threw her arms once more against Katniss, burring her face in her sister's shoulder and starting to sob again. Katniss felt another hand on her shoulder. She looked up and saw her mother with a glazed face and red eyes. Katniss stood up and hugged her tightly. "Promise me that you'll be strong. You'll be strong for Prim" "I Promise" "Do you?" "I do" Katniss's mother said steady before she looked away for a few seconds, then returning to face her daughter's grey eyes. "Are you gonna try to win?" To win involved the fact that Katniss would had to kill her best and only friend. That thought gave Katniss a chill in her spine. She didn't want to think about that. "I don't know", she answered, frankly. "Could you try ?" her mother asked her in a very respectable voice, and her eyes etched that too. She needed her daughter. Alive. Her husband's death almost had taken the life from her and now here she was again, on the verge of losing one of the most precious people that she got. If it was necessary to kill Gale, the young and strong boy whom Carolyn* had seen growing up together with her daughter, in order to Katniss come back home, that was it. For sure, that thought would turn her to a selfish bitch, but that was her duty: to wish the best to Katniss and the best of course was to be alive. Katniss didn't answered. And there was an answer for that? The only thing that Katniss wanted to was to wake up and discovered that all that was nothing but a nightmare. The doors of the room opened once more, and the Peacekeepers announced that the visitor's time was finished. Katniss hugged her family and saw they leaving just in front of her eyes. The door closed and Katniss sat on the armchair again. She was not expecting for the door to open again, neither that she had another visitor. However, when Madge came in Katniss smiled to her. "I don't know what to say, Katniss", said Madge. Katniss and Madge were sort of friends, but Katniss face was quizzical. She nodded her head. "I just came here to give you this" Madge stretched her arm to give Katniss a gift: her gold pin. Actually, it was a Mockingjay holding an arrow in its beak, inscribed in a circle. "It's to give you luck" Katniss didn't know what to say. She was completely gawky by Madge's gesture. Katniss smirked and thanked Madge for the little present, which with no ceremony left the room, leaving Katniss alone again. Katniss stood there, holding her pin. She looked to the door, wondering if someone else would visit her. But anyone else entered to see her. From the other side of the door, Katniss could listen to Effie's voice, which seemed extremely anxious and angry. From where Katniss was she couldn't hear clearly what the other woman was saying. She approached herself to the door and propped her ear at the mahogany board. Effie's voice was clearer. " What do you mean with 'blocked'? That's ridiculous… Don't come to me with theses stories. We have to follow the schedule… I hope you don't kiss you mother with that mouth." To listen to Effie Trinket, the woman always excited and positiv e, being angry was somewhat comical. Seeing all that fake performance trembled was something worthwhile listening to. Suddenly the mahogany door opened, hitting roughly Katniss's chin,