The Long Road Home Summary: Leo Call and Keifen Uley were in love but as time went on they grew apart causing their relationship to fall apart. Now 6 months later Leo is stuck in a rut until he meets the newly divorced Jacob Black. Now Leo is caught up between his past and the present unable to decide what he feels. Leo Andre Call: 22 year old son of Embry Call and the late Bonnie Call Jacob Ephraim Black: 45 years old, recently divorced Keifen Wolf Uley: 23 year old son of Sam and Emily Uley Nyla Caitlyn Gatsby: 22 year old best friend of Leo Call from high school Phoebe Sue Clearwater: 22 year old daughter of Seth and Daisy Clearwater Talia Marie Littlesea: 23 year old daughter of Colin and Joanna Littlesea Prologe My mom always used to say 'it's not the destination that life arrives you at that matters, its the journey that got you there' before she passed away. It was her way of telling me, time and time again, to enjoy the moment and experience all life has to offer before I reached the end of the road. Of course four years ago when I was a high school graduate ready to take on the world, her words were what fueled every decision I made. I wanted to live in the moment, experience everything life had to offer as it came my way.. But now, at 22 years old, I found that as I stood at the edge of my home town staring at the road that led me home, that the journey wasn't all it was cracked up to be. I had moved out of my small little hometown and travelled half way across the country for what? For him? And look where that got me. I was a broken hearted medical school drop out all because of one person and one road I shouldn't of taken. I guess to truly understand what I am talking about I'd have to take you back to the start and when I mean the start I mean the night before graduation when my journey to heartbreak really began.. You see that was the day I met Keifen Uley. Now Keifen had been in my class for as long as I could remember, all the way from kindergarten all the way till high school, but it wasn't until the night before graduation I really saw the boy who would become my first love. As I leaned against my truck I could help but remember that night so clearly. It had been just after midnight and I was sitting at the first beach rehearsing my valedictorian speech. I had wanted it to be perfect so much that I had detached myself from my classmates who were all drinking and dancing around the bonfire. I hadn't noticed him approaching until he dropped down beside me. "You're Leo right?" He asked, I could smell the faint smell of alcohol on his breath as he spoke. It wasn't so strong to be repulsive but just strong enough to know he had knocked back a few beers before coming to sit next to me. "Yeah." I replied gingerly. "And your captain of the football team." Keifen chuckled at my comment. I guess he could tell I wasn't exactly comfortable with the situation, especially seeing as it wasn't every day the captain of the football team came and willing spoke to a social outcast. "My name's Keifen." He smiled. "I'm aware." I mumbled as I turned back to the crumbled piece of paper in my hands, doing anything to avoid looking at the greek God that was currently sitting next to me. Now Keifen had always been good looking. Ever since we were kids I had had a small crush on the guy but I wasn't to blame. He was in everyones minds, not only mine, quite handsome. It couldn't be helped, his parents were Sam and Emily Uley! Even with Emily's scar, she was still classed as one of the hottest moms in La Push. "I hear you're giving our graduation speech tomorrow." Keifen said awkwardly. I looked at him and gave him a small smile. "Yeah but sorry I don't do shootouts'." He smiled. "I wasn't asking for one but I think its cool you were chosen to do that. You'll do a much better job than anyone else. You've always been good with words." He answered causing me to look at him with a faint look of surprise on my face. "How do you know I'm good with words?" I asked. "I pay attention." He replied. "I always listened to your essays back in middle school. I liked them, they were worthy of all those A grades." He smiled at me as he gently nudged me with his shoulder. I laughed awkwardly before responding with a meek 'thank you'. Keifen smiled at me again before jumping to his feet and wiping the sand from his beige coloured shorts. "I can't wait to hear your speech tomorrow Leo, I'm sure it'll be perfect." And with that he left and I was left in complete and utter awe as I watched the captain of the football team walk away from me. I couldn't help but let my heart race. After he left I tried to bush off the feeling he had left me with but I couldn't help it. Back then I had no idea we would end up where we did.. I had thought that after we had thrown our graduations caps into the wind and I boarded my plane to New Orleans and I'd never see him again but boy was I mistaken. It wasn't until the middle of my first year that we met again at a party held at the University of New Orleans, which was only a 20 minute drive from Tulane Medical school, where I discovered he had been accepted on a football scholarship and the rest is history. The next three years kind of flew by and before we knew it was six months away from Keifen's graduation. Thats when it all changed. That's when our perfect little bubble that we had placed ourselves in for those past three years finally burst and my life came crumbling down. I felt my heart sink at the memory as I continued to stare down the road that led me home. I could still remember watching his back walk out the door for the last time. I had begged him to stay and for a moment I believed there was a chance he would. I was naive . And stupid. So stupid. It had been six months since then and I only just begun to pick up the pieces of my shattered life. After going into a downward spiral in the first three months since the break up I decided it was best if I came home. And I did. I dropped out of medical school and jumped on the first plane home. My dad had been so disappointed. He had thought I was throwing my life away but at the same time he understood, he hadn't been able to stay mad at me for long. He knew how it felt to be left heartbroken and how it can shatter your world. I had been home for three months now and it still felt like my world was incredibly messed up. I hadn't gone back to school though I knew I could of easily gotten a place at a local collage but it didn't feel right. My heart wasn't in it. My heart had abandoned me just like Keifen had done. So instead of going back to school and continuing my studies, I got a job. Nothing special or fancy seeing as I only had my high school diploma but it was enough to help my dad out with the bills and put food on the table. I had gotten a job at a small restaurant in Forks where I worked five days of the week. I couldn't say it was were I excepted to be at twenty-two years old but it was all I could manage. Everything else felt wrong to do alone. I had just finished a shift at the restaurant and decided I didn't want to go home yet which is how I ended up at the town line, staring at the road that led me home. I sighed as I remembered an old saying 'home is where the heart is'.. I couldn't help but feel my heart sink at the thought of the words because even though I was home I didn't feel like this was or where I was meant to be. I wasn't meant to be living a life where my heart everyday. My dad had told me time heals all wounds but I didn't know how much more time my poor heart needed. It was draining.. Both mentally and emotionally. I just wanted to feel whole again but my heart was torn. It was broken. Pieces of it shattered across the US. Some of the pieces had stayed with me and where the ones that kept me going but the ones I had lost where still in New Orleans, with the man who had stolen my heart in the first place and in all honesty, I didn't know how to get them back. I took a deep breathe as the wind began to blow against my face and cause my curly unruly hair to move with it. I was dressed in my waiter's uniform which only consisted of black trousers, a white shirt and a black tie, which had been loosened as soon as I left. I hadn't put on a jacket yet because even though it was a typically cold summer's evening in Forks, I just didn't feel cold. 'It must be because my heart has frozen over' I joked to myself before pushing my body off the side of my truck and opening the door. Once inside I rested my hands on the wheel and took another long look at the road ahead of me. It was long, I knew that, but sooner or later I would be home.. Completely and totally home.. Chapter One "Hey sleepy head, wake up" I stirred as I felt someone jab my tied back hair. I grumbled as I tried to swat the person's annoying hand away from my head. I didn't want to wake up, not today, not any day. "Leo, come on you can't waste a perfectly good day off in bed." The voice said as they continued to poke my head with their long nails. "Ouch!" I finally snapped as I opened my eyes and rolled onto my back. I glared at the person who had awoken me from my sleep with consistence poking. "I hate you." I growled. "No you don't." My best and only friend smiled at me. Her name was Nyla Gatsby and she was by far the most annoying person on the planet at that very moment. We had known each other since we were five years old and had been inseparable ever since, even though we both went to different colleges out of state and unlike me, Nyla had actually graduated earlier that summer. Nyla had been by my side through everything and even as we got older that hadn't changed. She was the first person to know I was back in town and the rest was history. Even with my current status it felt like no time had past since I had seen her and we were still two social outcasts in high school leaning on each other for support and guidance. "I do." I replied as I rolled back onto my pillow and pressed my face into the material. "I really do." Nyla rolled her blue eyes and twirled a piece of her shoulder length ginger hair around her finger. "Yeah yeah yeah,