Rising Sun Summary: When Paul Lahote imprinted on Edward Cullen the night Edward got married to Bella Swan, not being able to ignore the imprint Edward & Paul ran away together not wanting anyone to find out. Now 17 years later their back with their daughter & twins sons, and now it seems there's a lot of explaining to do. As well as an unexpected visit from the Voltori. Songs that inspired this chapter: 1. Walking On Snow by Jordin Sparks 2. Runaway by The Afters Chapter One. Walking On Snow Paul watched as the snow fell from the dark grey clouds. He placed his hand on the passenger window of Edward's Volvo. He smiled slightly as he felt he cool touch of his husband as he took Paul's free hand. Paul turned and smiled at Edward who kept his eyes on the road. Edward smiled slightly as he continued to drive. Paul sighed happily as he sat back in his seat, quickly taking a look in the review mirror at his three sleeping children. His eldest Samantha was sat in between his youngest, twin boys Dustin & Jade. Samantha's head was rested on Jade's head while Dustin was rested on her chest. It was quiet a picture perfect moment. Paul grinned as he continued to stare at his three children. 'They are so beautiful' He thought. "Aren't they just." Edward mumbled as he took Paul's hand and kissed them gently. Paul smiled. They really where. Samantha was beautiful with her slightly tanned skin, almost honey golden hair and deep chocolate eyes. She was a mixture of both Paul and Edward. She was perfect and not to mention smart and gifted. She had devloped the gift of creating a force field that would protect herself and those inside of it. She could also read minds as she inherited it from Edward. Paul hoped she would be able to shift like Leah but so far any signs of her pharsing was unsure. Jade and Dustin however had already pharsed. 'Talk about eleven years too early' Paul thought as he looked back at his twins. They were his & Edward's miracle babies. Of course Samantha was a miracle baby because no one had expected Paul to be able to get pregnant and when he had it was touch and go for the whole nine months. The first couple months Paul had been very weak and his heart beat had been unstable so Edward had taken him to a local shifters tribe in Arizona and their witch doctor had put Paul on bed rest as well a given him a mixture of human blood, herbs and protien for the growing baby who was struggling to surivie on Pauls normal diet. Being half vampire the baby need blood to subtane its growth and survial much like a normal vampire. The rest of the 6months were easier on Paul but it was still a very scary time for him and Edward. But sure enough it was all worth it when Samantha was born though the birthing was far from a walk in the park. Paul had lost a lot of blood and the witch doctor had recomend that he and Edward reframe from ever wanting to have another baby as the ordeal may risk Pauls life as well as the babies. Just a few months later after Samantha's birth the pair discovered they we're pregnant again and they both decided to continue with the pregnacy but during his 2 tremester Paul suffured a miscarrige and the witch doctor told them that Paul's womb wasn't able to bare anymore children due to the complications with Samantha's birth. Paul and Edward were crushed by the death of there second daughter and the news of Paul's infertilty. It was a hard first year after Samantha's birth but the pair pulled through and after 11 years together with one beautiful little girl the pair we're blessed with the miracle of the twins. The pregnancy was very normal to say the least and both Paul and the twins where healthly but of course that didn't stop Edward or Paul from being on edge for the whole nine months. At the end of the pregnancy Paul and Edward welcome there twin sons into their lives and with no complications the pair were happy to try for another baby but they both decided to wait. Paul stared at his twin boys, both had golden blonde locks which they had inhertied from Edward's grandfather and tanned skin like Paul's if not a bit paler. Dustin had bright blue eyes, another feature he had inhertied from Edward's grandfather while Jade had inhertied Edwards human eyes which lead to his name. They both looked like mini Edwards just without his obviously features. They were too smart for there ages. 'Little know it all's. Like their father.' Paul smirked as he thought knowing Edward would of heard him. Edward chuckled. As well as being able to shift premuturly the twins both had seperate gifts, Dustin could move things with his mind while Jade could conjour up surpressed memories and break down mind bariers. Both could read minds which sucked for Paul as he was living in a house full of mind readers. He never had any privacy. Edward kissed Paul's hand again as he pulled on to a dirt road on the edge of Forks, Washington. The pair had decided they had put off their return long enough and both agreed they had some explaining to do. Edward continued to drive down the dirt path until they came to a slightly large stone built cottage. The cottage was built out of stone with a wooden roof. Along the stone outter walls different wild flowers grew up the sides of the cottage. It was two stories with four bedrooms, two on suite bathrooms, a kitchen with enough space for a dinning room, an upstairs and downstairs bathroom as well as having office space for Edward and a living room area plus large garden areas as in was bulit in the middle of the forrest. Paul gasped as Edward stopped the car. "Edward can we afford this?" Paul asked. Edward chuckled. "If we have enough to build the place my love, we have enough to buy it." Paul gasped again. "You built this place?" "Well I didn't build it but I did design it." Edward smiled as he unbuckled his seatbelt and opened his did the same, still shocked at the sixe and the beauty of his new home. Paul had been used to living in damp one storie house with one bedroom, a tiny kitech and barely any space for a living room area. Of course this was before he met Edward and had been introduced into the lifestyle that Edward had been living for the past 167 years. "Wake the kids babe, I'm gonna start uploading the bags." Edward said to Paul, shaking him out of his thoughts, as he opened the boot to his volvo and started unloading this familys belongings. Paul smiled and opened the back door. He carefully unbuckled Jade's seatbelt and carefully picked him up and genlty placed him on his hip. Jade rested his head on Paul's chest and gripped onto Paul's shirt. Carefully Paul shook his daughter as not trying to wake up Jade or Dustin. Samantha yawned as she opened her eyes. "Where are we?" She mumbled as she wiped the sleep from her eyes. "We're at our new place sweetie, get your brother for me please." Paul asked as he began to carry Jade towads the front porch where Edward had already opened the front door and was busy placing the bags in the right rooms at vampire speed. Paul gingerly stepped through the threshold, he gasped again as he looked around the place. As soon as you stepped inside you where in the hall which openly lead to the living room and on the opsite side the kitchen. Further back was a sprwal staircase which lead to the second floor and through the living room was the dining room and a door which was closed which obiviously Edward's office. The living room walls where wooden while the fire place was stone. In the living room there was two black leather sofa's with quits draped over them. The floor was wooden with a deep red patterned rug in the middle of the room. A large glass table was place in the middle with two candle holders place on top. By the fire place there was a plasma screen tv and above it was shelves full of the familes most favourite dvds. On the mantelpiece where many framed pictures of the family as well as two candel holders placed on either end. "Woah." Paul mumbled as he placed Jade on the couch while he continued to look around. By this time Samantha had arrived with Dustin and was too looking around. She too was amazed by the place. Paul stepped across the hall into the kitchen. It had stone walls and marble counter tops with a island in the middle of it. It had wooden flooring and wooden cabients. He smiled. He loved kitchens and this was definitely this dream kitchen. "Wow." Samantha gasped as she stepped into the kitchen with Dustin now awake in her arms. "This is nice." Paul smiled. 'Damn Edward, nice job.' He chuckled to himself. "Momma" Dustin said as he rubbed his eyes and held out his arms for Paul. Paul smiled and took him from Samantha. "Hey baby." Paul said as he kissed Dustin's head and gently brushed his blonde locks out of his eyes. "Do you like our new home?" He asked his 5 year old. Dustin looked around and smiled. "Yeah" he exclaimed and giggled. Paul smiled and kissed Dustin's cheek. Edward smiled as he walked into the room with Jade on his hip. "Everyone like the place so far?" He asked. "Well duh." Samantha said sarcasticly. Edward laughed as he got her in a headlock. Samantha giggled. "Hey get off." Paul rolled his eyes. "Jheeze, Edward just cause you look like a seventeen year old doesn't mean you have to act like it." Edward laughed as he realised their daughter. "Oh but you love me this old." Edward smirked as he walked over a placed a kiss on Paul's lips. "Ewww" echoed through the kitchen as all of children covered their eyes. Paul laughed and tickled Dustin who squealed and laughed. Edward chuckled."C'mon guys we better get unpacked and I'm sure you all want to see your bedrooms." Both Edward and Paul placed the twins on the floor as they and Samantha all ran off to find their rooms. Paul smiled as he heard laughter as they all raced up the stairs."C'mon baby, lets have a look at our bedroom." Edward smirked. Paul shook his head. "Not yet. I wanna take the kids to the beach." Edward raised an eyebrow. "Are you sure? What if the pack is there. I thought we were gonna wait till the kids where settled in school before we told anyone." Paul sighed. "I want them to meet the pack. I know the pack we'll be accepting Ed." Edward scowled. He didn't like this idea. The reason they ran away was the fear of rejection from their families. He didn't want to rush back into everyones lives eppescially after how he left his own family. He sighed. "I still think we should wait Paul. I don't want the kids or you to get hurt." Paul nodded. "I understand Edward but can I at least go see Sam?" Edward groaned. "Do you have to? Can't we just spend a day at home with the kids and then later we can -" "Ew! We can hear you know." Samantha shouted down the stairs. Paul laughed as Edward chuckled. Paul kissed his lips and smiled. "I'll go by myself, you'll stay here with the kids. I won't be