A/N: Hey guys! This is gonna be my very first fanfic ever. I am in love with The Hunger Games trilogy and even more in love with the fanon pairing of Gale Hawthorne and Madge Undersee. This is going to be a Fanfiction about Gadge connecting while Everlark is in the Games and all the tricky things that come with that. Madge is feisty, Gale is rebellious, together they are perfect. Okay, without further ado, I give you the first chapter of Treacherous. I hope you like it. One year before the 74th Hunger Games Summer nights in District 12 are a bit like the district itself: suffocating, hopeless, and unmerciful. Tonight, a sticky, hot August night, is no different. The air is heavy with moisture and heat. If you look into the distance, you can see the hot air rippling off th gravel road. It is hard to get a breath of fresh air, what with the humidity and coal dust floating around. The sun is setting, but there are about 2 hours of daylight left. Somehow, my father thinks this is a perfect time for a garden party. Daddy dearest has invited 25 of our closest friends in the district and their children for dinner and a soirée in the backyard. He has no regard for the fact that this may actually be the hottest day of the year. Sweat is making its way down my back, and I have only been outside for about five minutes. Father sent me on an errand to pick up some cookies from the bakery for the party tonight, and also to remind the Mellarks what time to come over. Of course the Mellarks are invited. My dad wants to set me up with one of the sons. Preferably, the middle one- Rye, I think his name is? Anyways, whoever I marry has to be worthy of being the Mayor's husband. My father and I don't exactly see eye to eye on what "worthy" means. When my dad envisions someone worthy of the lifestyle that we as the mayoral family lead, he thinks of a rich, upstanding boy from town who is a little older than me and has another way to provide for the family. Rye fits the profile exactly. He can work at the bakery while being married to me, and he is a good representation of what District 12 merchants are like. Snobby, selfish, and always looking to climb the social ladder. But that kind of man is not for me. I don't care where the person I'm married to is from. All that matters to me is whether I love him or not. And I most definitely do not love Rye Mellark. That thought carries me all the way to the bakery, giving me something to hold on to for the night. I push the frosted glass door of the bakery open, and hear a bell ring to notify whoever is behind the counter that a customer has arrived. Lucky for me, the youngest Mellark, Peeta, is working the cash register today. Peeta is one of my closest friends. He is the kindest boy I have ever met, always quick to smile and slow to judge. "Madge!" He says, grinning, when he sees my face. "Shouldn't you be getting ready for the party tonight?" "Actually, that's what I'm doing right now. I need 3 dozen of the famous Mellark cookies," I reply, smiling back at him. "Coming right up!" he says, pulling out a cardboard box and beginning to fill it with soft sugar cookies, delicately frosted with flower designs. "Did you do those?" I ask, gesturing to the cookies with a jerk of my head. "Yeah," he says, a sheepish smile growing on his face. "They're beautiful," I respond. "Well, thank you," Peeta says. "Can't wait for the party tonight! What time should we be over?" "Around 7:30 would be perfect." "We'll be there. Bye, Madge." "Bye, Peeta!" I say with a wave as I push my way out of the bakery and into the heat of the setting sun. I take my time on the walk home, trying to stay out of the house as long as possible. It's not that I hate parties, or my father, for that matter. I just hate that we can pretend to be so carefree and happy in the face of the Capitol. Growing up in the Mayor's household, I know what the Capitol does better than anyone. I see how any signs of resistance are immediately squashed with an iron fist in all of Panem, not just my small district. I see how many children are forced to take out tesserae so they can eat. Meanwhile, I am living in the lap of luxury, what with my pretty white dresses and hair ribbons. And there is nothing I can do about it. As I near my father's house on the back road that weaves through the Merchant section of the district, I feel dread rest in my stomach like a rock to the bottom of a pot of stew. The staff, consisting of a housekeeper, two maids and a butler, are busy setting up lanterns and carrying out tables, all in anticipation of the party. Another thing that incites anger in me in regards to this party is that it is being held right after the Reaping. Although both kids who were chosen were from the Seam, it seems viscerally wrong to celebrate in the face of such cruelty. My father would say that we are celebrating because "none of our own" were sent off to die. But it just feels unnatural to relish in someone else's pain. "Miss Madge!" My housekeeper, Appolonia, runs up to me, a sheen of sweat on her forehead. Appolonia was sent to us directly from District 2 at the ripe old age of 20. Whatever reason a well-to-do girl from one of the Career districts was doing cooking and cleaning for the mayor of District 12 was beyond me. I have tried to figure out Appi's story many times, but her lips- and those of my father's- were sealed on the matter. "Your father is looking for you. He says he needs you to get ready for the dinner tonight." "I'm on my way in, Appi," I say back. "Oh, and give these to my father, would you? He requested them especially." "Sure thing, Miss Madge." I push the screen door open and walk into my house, the cool blast of a fan hitting me as soon as I slip into the kitchen. I sigh in relief. I have no idea how tonight is going to go, or if I'll have to walk in to cool off every five minutes. Worst comes to worst, the whole party will be crammedinto the kitchen, hoping to stand in front of the cool air. I sure hope that doesn't happen. Either way, tonight's party is not something I'm looking forward to. "You look gorgeous , Miss Madge!" Appolonia stands in my doorway, surveying my outfit. Tonight I'm wearing a pristine, brand new white dress imported straight from the Capitol. There are no sleeves, just straps as big as two of my fingers put together. It is tight right over the bodice area, then flares out just below my waist. This dress is very figure flattering, and my father bought it just for the occasion. My father bought me a dress to impress Rye Mellark. I shake my head at my reflection. He will not win, not tonight. I pull my closet doors open and rifle through the clothes inside until I find what I'm looking for- a conservative, midnight blue cardigan sweater. I don't care if I have to stand in front of the fan all damn night, this party will not be one full of lustful glances from the Mellark boy. I pull the sweater on over my dress and instantly the room feels hotter. "Miss Madge, why did you put that sweater on? It looked great, you didn't need to add anything," Appi asks. I look at her. She was once beautiful, but hard work and stress has aged her unnecessarily. Green eyes, pale skin, and graying caramel colored hair. A slightly lumpy body adorned with a simple, long, gray skirt and white t-shirt. This is my stand-in mother. She knows all my secrets, even the ones that I don't even tell my biological mom. She knows that my father is setting me up with the baker's son and I don't like it one bit. One look at my face and she understands exactly what I am doing. Appi leaves the doorway and I finish getting ready. My feet slide into white, strappy sandals with a slight wedge. I pull my hair into a high ponytail to get it off my neck and tie it with a blue ribbon that coordinates with my sweater. I face myself in the mirror again. I look like myself- wavy blonde hair, bright blue eyes, creamy colored skin. "Madge!" My father calls me from downstairs. This means the first guest has arrived and I have to come say hello. As I descend the stairs, I strain to see who the first person to get here was. I have a sneaking suspicion it is the Mellarks, as the she-devil who is Cassidy Mellark is just as supportive of a union between me and Rye as my father is. My suspicion is confirmed when I catch a glimpse of five very blonde heads, four of them male. I come to stand next to my father in the kitchen and smile at Peeta. I nod politely at Rye and simply half-smile at the rest of the family. "Hi, everyone." " Madge ! You look amazing . Was that dress brought in from the Capitol ?" Mrs. Mellark asks, elbowing Rye as she does so. Rye, slow on the take-up, gets the message after the third elbow in the stomach. "You really do look gorgeous, Madge," he says. His eyes travel over my body, appraising me. I turn towards the counter, where various appetizers and drinks are set out. This way he can't see me as well, and I'm acting as a gracious hostess. "Would anyone like anything to eat or drink?" Just as the words escape my lips, there is a knock at the door. More people. Quickly, I say "I'll get it!" and rush to the front door. God, I hope it's Delly. I need an ally right now. As I pull the door open, I realize that the odds must not be in my favor, because not only is it not Delly, it's my worst enemy. Lavinia Hughes, in all her curly haired, big chested glory is standing in front of me, flanked by her two parents. The Hughes' run the apothecary in town. But the problem that Lavinia and I have is that she somehow thinks that I actually like Rye Mellark. She's had the hots for Rye since she was 5, so our potential arranged marriage does not please her one bit. "Madge!" she says, fake smile on her face. "It's so good to see you!" Her eyes are twinkling with hatred, her back straightened and chest pushed out in a defensive stance. "You too, Lavinia," I say, returning her fake smile. "Mr. and Mrs. Hughes, I'm so happy you could come." I get a nod in response from Mr. Hughes, but Mrs. Hughes does absolutely nothing. I open the door wide for them, shut it, and take a half second to close my eyes and calm down. I can't wait for Delly to get here. She and I have been friends ever since she shared her crayons with me in first grade she knows me better than anyone, except maybe Appolonia. Delly also has the semi-annoying tendency to see the best in absolutely everyone. Except maybe President Snow. As if on cue, one Delly Cartwright bursts