So this is a story that have been begging me to be written since I read my first (well written) time travel/marauder fanfiction. I couldn't help myself, I had to get this out. To all of you that follow me as an author and has been waiting for me to update my other stories, the wait is finally over. Expect to see some updates by this weekend. I have already started working on all of the stories' next chapters. Hopefully, if everything goes to plan everything will be updated a chapter by this Sunday. Fingers crossed. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or any of the characters or names affiliated with the name. All rights reserved for J.K. Rowling and all of her magnificence. Any other characters and names are mine. Something is wrong. Something had to have gone wrong. It didn't make any sense. None of it made any sense. It wasn't supposed to happen like this. Everyone she knew and loved was not supposed to die. In the end there was supposed to be a victor. Everyone was not suppose to die and leave her here all alone in the wake of deaths. Harry was supposed to be here. Harry was supposed to win and Voldemort would die. The Order, or what was left of it, was supposed to gather up all the death eaters and send them to Azkaban. Then she was supposed to jump and run into Harry's arms where he would kiss her. Kiss her so thoroughly that she would forget what had occurred during that whole year they were on the run. And then they would date before they would eventually marry, and live happily ever after with their children. Oh, Harry. They had only just confessed their love for one another. It took them seven years, but they finally did it. There wasn't any Ginny, or Cho, or Ron, seeing as he left them high and dry only to be caught and killed by Death Eaters. It was nothing left in their way. And everything progressed as it should have been. I stared unseeingly down at the locket on the table. Ron left days ago. All this fuss, I mused, over a silly little chain. I chuckled morbidly. "What?" I heard Harry ask. Shit, I must have been chuckling aloud. Great, now he thinks you've lost it. "Nothing," I shook my head. "I'm just think about how we got here. How everything has completely gone to shit." I spat. My mood hadn't been the best lately. My ever running sense of optimism had long gone run out. And as hungry and tired and frustrated as I was, nothing could ever make me leave Harry alone. Nothing. But Harry didn't let it all get to him. Or at the very least, he didn't let it show. He's kept the radio off since Ron left. He didn't want to hear how many more people dying. Ron brought up that fact when he stormed away from us and Harry has yet to turn the radio back on. Just thinking about everything Ron said and did made me boil all over again. How could he just leave us? Leave Harry. My attention was pulled from my thoughts by an exaggerated gasp. I turn to look Harry. His eyes are tired but they have yet to lose that emerald shine. His hair is a mess, although that's not anything new, and the beginnings of hair are making their way around his jawline. "Did Hermione Granger just curse?" Harry gasps mockingly. I couldn't fight the smile that made its way to my lips. "Oh shut up, Potter. You have said a lot worse." I rolled my eyes. "Yeah. I have." He agreed. He gets up from where he sat on the bed and sat beside me near the makeshift workbench. "But I don't think everything has gone to complete shit. Not yet." I look at him with awe. How he found a way to remain positive and keep some shred of hope astounds me. That, right there, is why he is who he is. That's what makes him so amazing. That is exactly why I lo- I feel my cheeks instantly heat at my thoughts. They were heading in dangerous territory. I have been fighting it down for a long while. But being out here all alone has made it harder to avoid. He's constantly near me and because there is not much space to move round, we're constantly touching and bumping into each other. I doubt he notices, but my body definitely does. And it's been making it that much harder to deny. "Why Ms. Granger, what are you thinking of?" I pointedly ignored Harry's gaze. I could practically hear that smirk in his voice. Just seeing that mischievous playful tint in his eyes would make me turn even redder. I never answered him. I kept my gaze firmly on the locket and went back to studying it. But his gaze never left me. I could still feel them on me. The hair at the nape of my neck raised and my skin prickled. I looked up and made eye contact. And the air seemed to charge with electricity. A shocking current ran down my spine as his eyes stared at me with an intensity I had never seen anyone look at anybody, and especially not me. My throat tightened and I found it harder to breathe. "What?" I asked, cringing at how breathless I sound. His eyes darkened a shade. And I couldn't decide if that was my new favorite color or not. "I've never really seen you blush before. I've seen you do many things. But never have I ever seen you blush. It's...really beautiful." I swallowed tightly. My eyes widened at his words. Beautiful? Me? I know I have come a long way from the way I looked as a child, but I still wouldn't go so far as to call myself beautiful. I licked my lips and watched as his eyes flickered down to them, darkening further. "I mean, you've always been beautiful. You were the first girl I ever really paid any attention to. You came out of nowhere really. Big curls that seemed to have a life of their own. And large wide smile and sparkling coffee colored eyes. You've always been beautiful Hermione." He spoke still looking that at my lips. Instantly I snorted. "Yeah right. You're clearly dehydrated." I rolled my eyes trying to ignore the feeling his words gave me. He wasn't in the right mind right now. He wasn't thinking clearly. Maybe he's just missing Ginny and he thinks that I could replace her. I mentally smack myself for thinking that way. Harry isn't like that. And even if he was. Ginny and I are on two completely different levels. "I'm not dehydrated Hermione." "Well maybe you're exhausted." "I'm not exhausted either." He snapped. I looked wide eyed towards him. Harry rarely used that tone of his and he's never used it towards me. I bit my lip unsure of what was happening. He sighed. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap. I just hate when you talk about yourself as if you're unattractive. You are beautiful. More than. So what if not everyone notices, I do." He moved closer to me until our thighs felt as if they had been glued together. Unconsciously our heads had been slowly moving closer and closer together. I could feel his cool breath on my face. "Harry, what are we doing?" I whispered. I had to know. I couldn't bear the thought that he'd regret as soon as it was over. I wasn't strong enough. "What I should have done a long time ago." He whispered, smiling slightly before colliding his lips on mine. He told me he loved me that night. I didn't say it until the next day when I woke in his arms and he smiled my favorite smile down at me. He hadn't forgotten or regretted that night. He remembered it, in perfect detail. And just like that, I was able to see a lot clearer. I touched the ring that hung on the chain around my neck. My eyes watered. "It's not an engagement ring," he smiled shyly. "Not yet. So don't put it on. I want to do that. But now isn't the right time, not when we're both too afraid we won't make it to see another day. No, I'm going to do it right. I will propose to you the right way, the perfect way. Just the way you deserve." I was too choked up to do anything but smile and tear up. He wiped the tears away from my face. "Wear it on this chain around your neck. So nothing happens to it." He whispered in my ear as I lifted my hair so he could put it on me. "Sirius told me it was my mother's and my grandmother's before that. My father somehow knew his last days were approaching and snuck his and my mom's rings back into the Potter vaults. Sirius knew before even I did that one day I would take my head out of my arse and see the beautiful witch in front of me." He promised me that he would live. That he would make it and that we could finally start our lives together. Away from it all and be just Harry and Hermione. But it didn't happen that way. One by one the Weasleys fell. First Fred, then George, who killed himself out of grief. Then Ginny, and then Molly. Arthur had died when his back was turn as he watched his wife and children fall. Then it was Remus and Tonks. Tonks was still pregnant with a little boy they were going to name after her father. Teddy. She could still see Tonks' swollen stomach ready to pop any day now, and her lifeless body beside her husband's. Moody was next to go actually. After ruthlessly avenging his fallen fellow Order members and taking down a grand total of nine death eaters, her was slain by Voldemort himself. Left and right death eaters and classmates and professors she had known her entire life dying right before her eyes. And not before long Voldemort erected a forcefield around he and Harry. He and Voldemort battled furiously. Not many were left. I dodged and threw curses and shields, but in the end it was useless. When there curses collided it created an explosion large enough to knock over everyone in the field. It threw back several yards where I hit my head on a rock. I didn't wake up until hours later. It was nightfall and bodies still laid haphazardly on the ground. There weren't many left. It turns out that when the aurors turned up to gather the deatheaters, all of them were dead, even those that had not been at the battle. None of the deatheaters knew that when given Voldemort's mark, he linked their magical core to his. Which allow him to draw magic from their core, weakening them and strengthening himself. So when he officially died and his magical core was depleted, so was theirs. And sadly many sixth and seventh years Slytherins were apart of that huge massacre. But no one dared to touch Harry. I hunched over his body cradling him close to me. I brushed his hair back that had grown shabby and wild, similar to Sirius', and held him tightly to my body. My body was wracked with sobs and I clawed at anyone that came near us. "Harry, baby. I'm here. It's okay. It's going to be okay. I love you Harry. I love you so much. Baby, I have you. You don't have to be afraid anymore. It's over it's all over. You did it." But he didn't. It didn't work. It was supposed to work. But it didn't. Something is wrong. Something had