Author's Notes: This is a mirror!verse of Harry Potter, and definitely still WIP. It's not exactly manipulative!Dumbledore, though I guess I might be working within some of the conventions of that genre. This is crossposted from AO3. Mr. and Mrs. Granger were both dentists. Both a bit quirky, Mrs. Granger already planning to make some sort of necklace out of her child's baby teeth, but nothing more than that, really. Some activism in terms of race and gender politics, but nothing terribly high profile. Nothing strange, in any case. No enemies, no one with motive to kidnap their child. It was near their daughter's second birthday. Mr. Granger had only just returned to work, and there was a nanny watching over Hermione. She was an older woman, whose style of dress was dated enough to be called eccentric instead of off putting, but she was good at looking after the child, who genuinely seemed to like her, unlike the other nannies that the Grangers had tried to employ, who had been terrible enough that Mr. Granger had delayed his return to the shared dental practice by another six months. The Grangers lived in a relatively modest flat, in an inexpensive but not particularly bad part of London. The nanny was in the kitchen, having just put Hermione to bed. She could talk now, just a few words but there was speech. Mostly "mommy," babbled, over and over and over. She reached into the cabinet over the sink and to the left, and grabbed a glass. Turning the faucet for the water, she filled it, and turned the water off. The day had been unusually long, both Grangers beginning their work at the dental office unusually early, some special client. She crept into Hermione's room, making sure not to wake the sleeping child. There was a chest of drawers with all her clothes in it, but more importantly it had a flat surface within arms reach. There was no bedside table, not yet. The nanny rummaged through the pockets of her robes- it was chillier tonight, even with the heat on, and it would be too noticeable if she used magic, heating charms took time to wear off. She closed her fingers around a small box, a perfect cube. It looked like an unusually small music box. She placed it on the drawers, then removed a thin stick from her other pocket. Holding the stick in her right hand, she tapped the box once on the top. Taking the box, she gently placed it into the child's hands, and Hermione immediately curled around it. The nanny padded out of the room, shutting the door with behind her. Hermione would be safe in the wizarding world, where she belonged, quite soon. Mrs. Granger did not cry, and Mr. Granger only stared white faced in shock. The nanny had called them in a panic- Hermione was gone. The patient had understood the urgency and the two dentists rushed home, hoping that perhaps their child had only wandered off and hidden somewhere. Impossible considering she was in a crib but it was better than her disappearing into thin air. They searched the flat, finding nothing, and eventually Mrs. Granger called the police. A missing child case was opened, money donated by friends and vigils kept by candlelight in churches but the grim truth soon settled over the Grangers and their circle of friends and aquaintances. Hermione was gone. If someone had looked harder they would have noticed that hers was not the first disappearance in this part of London, but the problem was no one was looking in the right places for connections. The police searching for her assumed it had something to do with the respective races of the parents, and acted accordingly. The nanny had disappeared soon after the child but she had no known connections to any group considered willing to kidnap interracial children from their homes, and so that path had been quickly dropped. The trail grew cold quickly, but the Grangers kept pleading publicly for someone to please bring their child home. They were quite the picture of a couple mourning the loss of their young daughter. They were both short. Mr. Granger had a slowly thinning head of hair, shot through with streaks of grey he thought made him look distinguished, while Mrs. Granger was younger by two years and had kinky hair. They both tended to have very large, sad eyes on camera, both on the older side. Mrs. Granger would cling to her husband, begging whoever had taken their daughter to please return her, she was just a little girl. Even on an ancient black-and-white box television, their grief was apparent, and quite genuine. Professor Minerva McGonagall, watching the news from an elderly faux leather couch, where an obvious hole from a cigarette burn causing the entire thing to sag, sighed. It was never pleasant taking young children from their parents. The Grangers seemed nice enough when she was watching them, though they had the usual attitude of muggle city dwellers towards stray cats. But they were muggles, and therefore automatically not fit parents for the girl they had named Hermione. She would be better off as a ward. Raising another child would not be so difficult for the Malfoys, and in any case there were worse punishments for aiding a rebel than fostering an orphan for a decade. But they were one of the oldest families in Wizarding Britain and there was no telling how public opinion would change if the Malfoys along with the other families that aided the Rebel Lord were killed. Or so Albus explained to her. It was Minerva's opinion that Hermione would be better off with the Weasleys. But despite being one of the staunchest families for the Light, they remained poor partially by choice and partially by nature of their already large family. Unlike the Malfoys they did not have the means to raise an extra child. Minerva turned, wand held loosely in her hand hand as the doors to the sitting room opened. It was Albus, the deluminator in his non-wand hand. She lowered her wand and he smiled at her. "My dear, had I been another under polyjuice, that would not have been very wise, do you think?" he said, coming to sit beside her on the couch. "I hold the secret to this place, you could be no one else," she said. "You will be far too much like Alastor if you keep that sort of questioning up," she added, giving him a small smile. On the television, Mrs. Granger finished speaking, and the news station changed to some sort of news about the Americas. Minerva got up and shut the television off. "They suspect nothing, at least not publicly." "I could have told you as much without that device," Albus said. "It is very strange that they are so public about the child's disappearance- when I was young there would have been a quiet funeral, and that would be all." She kept the television in hidden house so she could watch these sorts of things. It was amusing, seeing what grief rang true and what grief rang hollow. "I still believe it would be better to place the child with the Weasleys, Albus." Her colleague shook his head, peering at her over half moon glasses with eyes that remained a startling blue despite the gloom, "I understand your objections, but consider. The Malfoys have only just declared that they are no longer allies with the insurgents, conveniently soon after Tom pulled that great trick with the Potter's son. Yet we cannot post Aurors at their home without good reason- Rufus Scrimgeour remains stubbornly on neither side and is not loyal directly to me, unlike most of the Ministry. He at least insists I follow the letter of the law in this case, and having a mudblood ward at their home gives us that reason to have them under watch. There is no reason to watch the Weasleys, you know just as well as I do how devoted their matriarch is to our side." Minerva hesitated, then nodded. "As always, you seem to know best. I understand your reasoning," she said, keeping her remaining doubts to herself. Albus was first and foremost Headmaster of Hogwarts. He always seemed to know what was best for muggleborns unlucky enough to have living muggle parents. There was silence for a time. Hermione was the most recent muggleborn discovered, hopefully the last for this season. Minerva stood up. "I am returning to the school now, I trust you will be overseeing the placement of the child with the Malfoys?" she said. Albus nodded, still seated on the couch. Minerva left the the house, taking only the necessary steps to get outside the anti-(dis)apparition wards she'd placed within the fabric of the fidelius charm. After the familiar compression of disapparation, and Minerva apparated in the front entryway of the Three Broomsticks in Hogmeade. Leaving the still busy restaurant, the transfiguration professor crouched, fluidly changing from human form to that of a grey-furred tabby with distinctive spectacle shaped markings around her eyes. She padded off towards Hogwarts. It would take her less time in this form to get to Hogwarts, and like this she was not likely to be noticed by any odd staff member still roaming the grounds for a wayward student. Unnoticed by the cat, a bird with amazingly bright plumage tracked her movements from its perch on the highest tower of the castle, unmoving. Giving a soft trilling cry, Fawks took off to make his nightly loop of the school, to hunt and see that all was well. The cat, now at the castle, returned to human form, and Minerva made the rest of the walk to her rooms in Gryffindor tower on two legs. (L/N) Lucius Malfoy did not like the world he was raised in. And so, he had turned to a man who had promised to make it all better. Things went worse than expected. It was strange to Narcissa, his wife of very few years, how passionate Lucius was about Tom's cause, even nearly a year after he had supposedly abandoned it, "coming to his senses" after their leader's death. Or hopefully not quite death, if only so that the horrors they had all to willingly chosen to enact would not be in vain. It was Narcissa who first opened the notification that the Malfoys had been chosen to be the guardians of the most recent "rescued" Muggleborn. That night was not the first night Lucius cried in her arms, and it would not be the last. The letter had come with a very cleverly hidden threat to the well-being of their son, and what else could they do? At least it seemed like they would be permanently the new parents of this child, which would mean not as much disruption for her as there could have been. Draco slept on, having been put down for the night long before the phoenix carrying the letter arrived. Molly Weasley held Hermione Granger gingerly in her arms, watching the stars appear. There was very little harm a two year old could do, but it was one of those children, if they could get magic somehow from muggle parents who knew what they would do to proper wizards. She would not have minded raising the child as her own, though it would have required giving her both a new name and performing some tricky blood-binding and memory spells. It wouldn't do for others to know that they had a child not her own, it would certainly have called Molly's own ability to bear children into question and that would not have done at all. Arthur on the other hand firmly agreed with Albus' decision to place it with the Malfoys. "We can't afford another child, dear," he had said. Which in her mind was utter nonsense- they did