There are words no student wants to hear: "Please report to the headmaster's office." Hermione Granger was particularly frightened of those words. They usually meant something was wrong, she had done something unacceptable. Something not even her Head of House could handle. She went to Dumbledore's office as requested, her nerves singing with fear as she sat at his desk. He didn't look upset, but she knew he could be misleading. "Miss Granger, hello. Fizzing Whizbee?" he offered. "No thank you, sir. I was just wondering why I'm here," Hermione said, her voice trembling just a bit. Dumbledore laughed good-naturedly. "Miss Granger, there's nothing to worry about. In fact, it is something that might please you. You're nearing your seventeenth birthday, which means you will become a fully fledged witch." Hermione nodded, having been looking forward to the day. It was now September twelfth. Her birthday was the nineteenth. She would be the first in the sixth year to hit age seventeen. "When a witch or wizard turns seventeen, their magic expands. Expanding magic could be dangerous, possibly deadly to the magician and to those around them. You need someone experienced to ground you," Dumbledore said. "Someone to tie your magic to you. It is a rite of passage each and every one of us have taken." "I had heard about grounding, but the books aren't allowed to be read by anyone not yet seventeen," Hermione said. "What does grounding entail, sir?" Was it her imagination, or did Dumbledore look like he was blushing? "Well, it's a delicate subject. Expanding magic can only be controlled when the young witch or wizard couples with an experienced one. Nine times out of ten, it need only happen once. The specifics I will leave your partner to explain." Her mouth dropped. Was he telling her she needed to have sex or else her magic could kill someone? "I know it sounds inappropriate, and you do not have to agree," Dumbledore continued, "but it is for the best if you did. I can assure you that you will be completely safe." "If I don't?" she asked. Dumbledore looked at her gravely over his half-moon spectacles. "Then you run the risk of killing not just yourself, but your friends as well." "I don't understand why you have to serve detention. For once you didn't even speak out of turn today," Harry commented as they left the Great Hall after dinner. "And it's your birthday on top of it!" "Yeah, McGonagall was really out of line," Ron added. Hermione shrugged. Evidently, the rule of a witch with expanding magic was not to talk about it. She was the first in her year to turn seventeen, so none of them had any idea of what she was going to go and do. She saw some seventh years nodding at her in solidarity, including Katie Bell. Hermione did some homework and then left for her...she wasn't even sure what to call it. Hell, she didn't even know who was going to shag her! Was it to be a seventh year? A Healer? Did the Wizarding World use male and female prostitutes? She hated uncertainty more than almost anything. She went to McGonagall's office, and the witch looked a mixture of proud and apprehensive. "Come, Granger, there is a room we have just for this, to control the magic," the professor said. "It's in the dungeons for safety reasons, opposite the Potions classroom. Now, it has been over fifty years since my Expansion, so I cannot offer any advice to you, dear. Just know it will make you a better witch in the long run with much more control." Hermione nodded. "Thank you, ma'am. I admit I am nervous." "There's no need to be. As long as you're here, you're safe," she said with a small smile. That made her feel a bit better. If McGonagall was confident, she couldn't be in for anything too difficult. As she made her way down the stairs to the dungeons, she was thankful that she wasn't a virgin. Being untouched would have made this so much worse. The air got colder the lower she got, giving her gooseflesh and pebbling her nipples beneath her bra and blouse. She had no idea who was going to be her partner, so she needed to be sure she was at least a little aroused already. She paused outside the Potions classroom, taking a breath of the herbs and chemicals. The room, Professor Snape's melodic voice, they always seemed to calm her down. (Even with him not teaching Potions anymore, she'd always consider this his classroom.) Arousing her...well she figured it would be better not to think about him. It was a childish crush, nothing more. And to accidentally call whomever this was by her professor's name would be mortifying. Standing outside the room, she took a deep breath and placed her hand on the knob. She hadn't been so nervous, not even facing down Death Eaters in the Department Of Mysteries. C'mon, you weren't put into Gryffindor for nothing , she thought, taking a deep breath and opening the door. The room was basic, soft carpeting, a cupboard, an end table, and a large bed with what looked like silk sheets in deep whiskey hues. There was a roaring fireplace and two armchairs. It was the person occupying one of the chairs that made her pause and her courage flood out of her like spilled potion. "Miss Granger, so nice of you to finally show up." "Professor Snape." How she managed to get the words out, she had no idea. Her body felt numb. "What are you doing here?" He scoffed, steepling his fingers below his chin and staring holes into her with those glittering black eyes of his. "I will give you three guesses, Granger. Sit down." She did as commanded, her near constant lust over the former Potions Master warring with her fear. It was one thing to fantasise about the former Death Eater and spy, but entirely another to put her body at his mercy. Snape was cold, calculating, and unashamedly cruel. Her stomach gave a jolt at the thought of what he could do to her and she berated herself for it. The thought of your professor hurting you while he shags you is not supposed to be exciting , she chastised herself. "Well, Granger, you know why you're here and what needs to be done," he said, sounding as disinterested as he did when he had lectured first years on bubotuber pus. "But I do know it was left to me-again-to explain the proper intricacies to you. "When a seventeen-year-old couples with an experienced elder, it creates a spiritual conduit from the elder to the teen, centreing the magic inside of the one with less experience. Once we are done, we each have a short incantation to recite." Snape handed her a piece of parchment. His line was to be, "Fortitudo mea, tibi fertur." Hers was to be, "Potentiam tuam, centrum me." "And...that's it?" Hermione asked. "Sounds deceptively simple." Snape nodded. "It does, doesn't it? However, I have been the elder chosen ever since I became employed at Hogwarts-a young man barely out of my teens as well-and I can assure you it really is that simple...providing you do not mind having sex with a professor." Hermione felt a deep blush suffuse her face. "Now to the more...uncomfortable questions." Snape sat forward a bit. "Are you a virgin?" "No, sir." He cocked an eyebrow but said nothing. "This must be done with no physical protection. Do you know how to cast contraceptive charms? And are you currently taking any contraceptive potions?" "No, I'm not. And yes, sir, I can perform the charm." "Good. ...This works better the harder the sex is. Have you any objections? I warn you, there is a chance you'd have to do this again if it didn't work the first time," Snape warned. Hermione felt a thrill go through her body at that. "No objections, sir. I admit I am a little nervous." At that, Snape reached into the pocket of his black robes and handed her a phial with murky white liquid. Calming potion. "I had assumed you'd require this. You always have been a bit high-strung, Miss Granger." Was it her imagination, or was he smirking at her? "Thank you, sir." She drank the potion quickly, feeling its warming effect in her belly. She glanced at him cautiously, wondering how this would begin. In return, his glare was calculating, assessing. She felt like a prize horse being sized up before a big race. Snape said, "Stand, Miss Granger. The good thing about being a Legilimens and having taught you for all these years is I know you much better than you know yourself. You needn't worry: I will make this...pleasurable for you." She stood, and Snape stood as well, placing warm hands on her shoulders from behind. "Obey me, Granger, and our magic will assist in a wondrous release." Her breath caught as that silky voice slithered in her ear and she nodded. "Strip down to your lingerie," he ordered. He backed away from her and she felt his eyes on her from behind. Trembling fingers reached for her tie, unknotting it and then starting on the buttons of her white blouse. "Face me." Reluctantly, she turned to her professor. Her blouse was mostly open and untucked from her skirt. She glanced up a moment and saw his black eyes roving over her, drinking her in. She had never been looked at like that, not even by Krum, who was her only other sexual partner. She had always been the nerd, the goody goody, one of the guys. She slipped the blouse from her shoulders and placed it and the tie on the chair she had just vacated. She slipped the skirt down her slim hips and did the same. "Stop," Snape said when she had gone to reach for her socks and shoes. "Just the shoes. Leave the socks and lingerie for now." He stepped closer to her, touching her skin for the first time. A single finger traced its way from her pinked cheek, to her lips, down her throat, and to the edge of her pink lace bra. She shivered, feeling her nipples pebble harder. She knew he could probably see them through the fabric. "Lovely," he murmured, paying her the first compliment since they'd met. "Despite doing many of these a year, I can assure you that this is never just business. I always intend to savour every...single...encounter." He moved his hand lower, over the swell of her breast, down her abdomen, over her flat belly, and then down her hip and thigh, coming to rest at the crevice of her hip and arse cheek. She looked into those obsidian pools defiantly, refusing to show her nervousness. "You're brave, Miss Granger. Few have the courage to look me in the eye during this period," Snape observed, his grip on her arse tightening. His other hand came to rest in her thick hair as he pulled her closer, tasting her lips. She was shocked; she hadn't expected kissing to be involved. He had one talented tongue as he plundered her mouth, making her turn to a puddle of wet heat. She gasped into his mouth, pressing her body closer to his as he grabbed her hard enough to leave bruises on her hips. He pulled his mouth from hers and trailed wet kisses down her throat, biting and sucking marks into her pale skin as she arched even more, the pleasure-pain driving her heady with need. One of his hands made its way down her thigh, lifting her leg and pulling her panty-clad wetness flush against his crotch. She could feel his hot, throbbing erection even through his trousers. "Oh God…" she moaned. He chuckled against her neck. "Not quite." Still holding her, he manouevered them across the room, gently depositing