Severus Snape is not a nervous person. Harry had seen him watch as his master, Lord Voldemort, tried to murder him via the snake, Nagini, and even then all Snape had done was widen his eyes a bit as the fangs had pierced his jugular. So why was he looking like whatever he was about to say was agonising? After Snape recovered, he was given an Order Of Merlin, First Class, for his war efforts as a spy. Harry Potter had been given one as well, and had gone into the Ministry to work as an Auror as he had intended to do since he was fifteen. He was now twenty, and was currently sitting in Snape's private quarters at Hogwarts after the Potions Master had owled him, asking his assistance for something he would not name. Despite Harry knowing why Snape did what he did all his years as the man's student, despite the air being cleared, neither man had become friends. In fact, with the exception of Harry thanking the man when he had recovered from the poisoning, they had barely exchanged two words in two years. Harry had moved on with his life, mostly. He became an Auror, renovated Grimmauld Place so it was habitable, and...nothing. He was ashamed to say that his life was now a bit dull. He was still very close with Ron and Hermione, as well as some other Hogwarts alums. The only person who refused to speak to him was Ginny, after he had told her he didn't want to see her anymore. It wasn't that he didn't care for her-the exact opposite, in fact. She just wasn't what he was looking for in a lover. From what Harry knew about his old professor and protector, Snape had gone back to being the Potions Master and Head of Slytherin, relinquishing his headmaster post to Minerva McGonagall. According to Draco, whom Harry actually saw frequently in Diagon Alley for tea, Snape preferred brewing to presiding over everyone else. It was his comfort zone, and Harry didn't blame him for seeking out his slightly peculiar brand of comfort once the war had ended. Harry would have done the same...had he any comfort to fall back on. Harry had been surprised to receive an owl from Snape, curtly asking him for assistance. He didn't say what he needed assistance with, just that it was rather urgent. He was glad for the break in the new monotony of his life and went to Hogwarts posthaste, where he was greeted by Winky the house elf and led to an area of the dungeons he had never been in before, even swathed in his Invisibility Cloak or under the guise of Crabbe and Goyle, looking for info on Malfoy. There was a large stone door carved with a coiled snake that had real emerald eyes. It held Harry transfixed for a moment until he realised he needed to knock and actually make his presence known. Snape was a Legilimens, not a Seer, after all. The door opened a moment after his knock, and he came face-to-face with a man he once wished dead, but now cared for a bit deeper than even he himself realised. Snape, to the casual observer, had not changed at all in the two years since the war ended, but Harry noticed things most others wouldn't. He was not to painfully thin or deathly pale (he could still rival the moon with his pallour, but he no longer looked to be a walking corpse), and though his hair was still long and black, it was no longer greasy. It fell, with the faintest of wave, to his shoulders, sleek and shiny. Though he still wore all black (Harry didn't think he knew any other colour besides that and Slytherin green existed), his clothes were no longer voluminous and batlike. Instead he wore a velvet black suit beneath a black silk robe edged in green. His white shirt could be seen below, as well as a primly tied black ascot at his throat. He kept the scar on his neck well covered. Harry was momentarily stunned. If not for the haughty curl of his lip and the dark glint in his black eyes, he might not have known this was the same man, the greasy bat of the dungeons. "Well, nice to see you are as loquacious as always, Potter," Snape said by way of greeting. "Are you going to enter or linger both inside and out, like some upright Wizarding version of Schroedinger's Cat?" "What?" Harry asked, mentally berating himself for having 'what' be the first thing he said to the professor in over two years. Snape tutted, but there was a hint of an upturn at the corner of his mouth. "As ignorant of Muggle history as you are of Wizarding, I see. Come on, I haven't got all night." Harry walked into the rooms. He had never given much thought to Snape's living accommodations as a child, but had he been asked, he would have said cold, damp, and dark. He would have been right on the 'dark' part, at least. This was a sitting room with an adjacent brewing station. It had stone floors covered with antique rugs that had patterns which changed periodically. The furniture was all deep green suede with black throw pillows and a black afghan on the back of the sofa. The fire was the only light in the room, but it wasn't gloomy. Instead, the warm semi-darkness was comforting and inviting. In place of paintings, woven tapestries lined the stone walls, and dark mahogany furniture completed the room's cosy atmosphere. "It's good to see you, Professor," Harry said, recovering his voice. "No need to stand on ceremony now, Potter," Snape said. "I have not been your professor for three years." Harry was now a little unsure of how to proceed. Did he call him just 'Snape'? 'Severus'? 'Sev', like his mother used to? No, that would be far too intimate. He didn't even know why he was here. "Would you like a drink, Potter?" Severus offered. "Um, sure. Thanks," Harry said, taking a seat on the sofa. It felt like Heaven; perhaps the cushions were bewitched. Severus strode over to a side table with many decanters and some fruit. Harry watched as long, nimble fingers worked at the liquor and fruit just as deftly as he used to work his potions while in class. Harry had been too full of teenage angst to pay much attention, but now he found the process fascinating and enticing. In a minute he handed Harry a tall glass of red and yellow liquid and a slice of lemon. Harry took it with thanks and sipped. Immediately, he coughed. The drink was potent! He heard a deep, unbearably sexy sound and realised Severus was chuckling at him. The professor took a seat in the armchair facing the sofa and sipped his own drink. "Perhaps you would have preferred a butterbeer?" he said, amusement in his tone. "No, it's delicious...just took me by surprise," Harry said. "What is it?" "Tequila, lemon, pineapple juice, and passion fruit liqueur," Severus replied. Harry drank a little more. "Potions skills extend beyond the classroom, huh?" Severus smirked. "I do find basic entertaining skills useful at times. Despite what you think, there are a few people who find me enjoyable to spend an evening with." "I don't think anything like that," Harry said, trailing off, unused to leaving off "sir" when talking to Snape. "I wouldn't be here if I did, would I?" "Yes you would. Bloody Gryffindors, always rushing when needed. You're almost as bad as Hufflepuffs in that regard." The venom and spite Harry usually heard when Snape talked about Gryffindors was absent, replaced with a teasing tone. Indeed, those black pools of ice were sparkling with amusement and the corner of his mouth was quirked up just a little. Harry found himself undeniably attracted to him and fighting off the urge to walk over and drape himself in Snape's lap. And where had that come from? Sure, Harry had had a little crush on the Half-Blood Prince, but that was before he knew the Prince and his professor were one and the same. And yes, he admired Snape after he learned that the man had given up everything to protect him as a promise to Harry's mother. But he had never thought of Snape in a sexual way. No, that was Hermione who had done that, and Harry had thought she was mad. Now he understood. Seeing Snape in this slightly more relaxed manner, he could imagine half the student body fancying the man. "So, how have you been busying yourself, Potter? You manage to keep yourself out of the Prophet , I see," Severus commented. "Well, being a Junior Auror requires a lot of time, and I just don't have the energy to go out after work and do something which will make the paper," Harry replied. "Why? Have you been scouring it for news of me?" Severus scoffed. "I do read the paper, Potter, unlike someone who would rather remain ignorant of the world around him." "You know, if you want me to call you 'Severus', you can call me 'Harry'." "Very well." Snape sat back in his chair, and that was when Harry noticed that, underneath the light tone, Snape was really very nervous. And why was that? He had spied on the Dark Lord, he had been near death after being bitten by Nagini, he had seen the woman he loved die, he had to protect her son with the man who had once tried to kill him. He was a war hero. What did Severus Snape have to be nervous about? "I suppose you are wondering why I called you here," he said after a few beats of silence had passed. Surprisingly, though, Harry had not found that uncomfortable. He sort of liked the comforting silence between them in this warm room. "Well, yes. Not that I mind being here, but we haven't seen each other, excluding your near death experience and the awards ceremony, in three years," Harry pointed out. "No, we have not. I am pleased to find that you are no longer the bumbling brat of your schooldays," Severus said. Harry wasn't sure whether to be insulted or not. "And you're not the same jerk you were when you were teaching me." Snape smirked. "Touche, Harry." He drained the rest of his drink in one gulp. Harry watched his throat working and felt a stirring in his pants. Snape's throat was perfect for biting. Harry could just see the edge of a scar peeking out, and that made him even sexier. I need to change my train of thought quickly before he hexes me to death , Harry thought. He tried thinking of his one fumbling attempt at sex with Ginny before he came out. That usually did the trick. "You might not know this, but in addition to my teaching duties, I also brew specialty potions for private, wealthy clients. As you know, there are many potions only I know the improved recipe of," Snape began. "I have so far never received anything outrageous...until I was asked to brew a potion that was once restricted. You see, it is a love potion, but it only works on...certain types of people." Harry was intrigued. He had some experience with love potions (the time that Ron had taken the potion meant for him from Romilda Vane was one that stuck out in his mind) but had never heard of one that was restricted. "What do you mean, certain types?" Harry asked. "Men who harbour same-sex tendencies," Snape said. "Oh." Harry was only 'out' to the Weasleys and other personal friends. He had not told anyone else lest he did wind up all over the Prophet again. "Who told you?" Snape gave that throaty chuckle again. "Please, Harry,