"The Dangerous Sting" The wind howled outside the enormous empty house. It was December 29th. Even though the outside snow piled up everywhere, inside the house the fireplace kept Katniss and Peeta and the house warm and cozy. During the sleep Katniss had a dream. She dreamt of this…. Katniss and Peeta were in their Hunger games during their first year. She was allies with Rue and Rue saved Katniss and Katniss saved Rue. Then Katniss saw herself blowing up the Careers supply. Then the district one boy killed Rue. Katniss saw herself burying Rue. Then she saw herself and Peeta about to die together. Then she heard the Presidents voice announcing that they won the Hunger Games. Then Katniss saw the president announcing the quarter quell. She saw tributes sacrificing themselves for Katniss and Peeta. Faces that even she did not know. They were hoping that she could one day revenge on the capitol. She saw Mags sacrificing herself and running into the fog to keep Finnick Katniss and Peeta alive. Then she saw district thirteen really exists, only that it was underground. She saw Peeta going crazy in the hospital, yelling and saying that this was all Katniss' fault. She saw the troops marching through the capitol. Then suddenly firebombs erupted everywhere. She saw Prim standing in the middle of a street, unarmed. She didn't even have time to tell her to be careful before she fell face forward to the ground. An arrow was stuck in her back. She wanted to stay there and die with Prim but she had more important things to do. She wanted to kill the person who killed Prim but her legs couldn't seem to move. She looked at the person's face. He looked very familiar. Peeta? She wanted to get a closer look, but faster than she had realized he was gone. "Katniss, Katniss" said Peeta Katniss woke up, shivering. "What?" asked Katniss "You were screaming and kicking and saying my name so I came to check if you were OK" said Peeta "I am fine, I was just having a bad dream about my sister dying" said Katniss "Oh," said Peeta "I will give you some time by you. Peeta then left the room and went downstairs as soon as Peeta left the room, Katniss started thinking. Ever since her sister's death there was a hole in Katniss' heart that nothing could fill. Hunting in the woods couldn't fill her hole. Not even Peeta could fill the hole. "What is Peeta actually killed Prim because Peeta wanted to be with me alone. With no Prim around," thought Katniss. "But why would he do that?" "Doesn't he love Prim?" Thoughts raced through Katniss' mind. Meanwhile, at downstairs, Peeta was washing the dishes. He saw a silver plate that didn't belong to them. It was perfect. He could see his own reflection. He stared at his reflection for some time, then the reflection changed, and he saw Prim as beautiful as ever. Only, this time, her eyes were golden. "Prim?" he asked. "Yes," said Prim. Her voice was very quiet, barely more than a whisper "How did you even…..,"said Peeta. "I have no time to explain, but I am sure you'll find out soon," said Prim. "No offense, but aren't you supposed to be dead or something?" asked Peeta "I also have no time to explain about that also," answered Prim. "Also, why do you have golden eyes?" "Because the people who lived a good life would have golden eyes and the people who didn't live a good life would have no eyes at all. Make this quick because time is limited here" said Prim. "So what did you come here for?" asked Peeta. "Let me get straight to the point. Katniss is actually suspecting that you are actually the one who killed me," said Prim. "Why would she even suspect that?" asked Peeta. "The Capitol sent her a dream of you killing her sister" said Prim said "But she knows it is just a dream right?" said Peeta "The Capitol makes it seem very real to her" answered Prim. "How do I stop her from believing that?" asked Peeta. "You have to find the rebels in District 1, you have to stop their plan to rule over the world. They have a leader named Tom Beeves. But be careful, you cannot get the sting. Once you get the sting, they control you too," explained Prim. "How did she get the sting?" asked Peeta. "Gale," said Prim. "Gale?" asked Peeta. "Yes" said Prim "How do I cure them?" asked Peeta "There is a book about it you can find it in a secret library in district 1" said Prim very fast. "How do I get past all the guards and where is the secret library most likely to be?" asked Peeta. But it was too late. Prim's image was already fading and soon it was gone completely. "Prim, prim," yelled Peeta. It was no use it turned back into a normal plate. Just then, Katniss came down the stairs. "Peeta?" asked Katniss. "Yeah" said Peeta "Who were you talking to? I heard you talking to someone," said Katniss. "I was just talking to myself" said Peeta. Katniss raised an eyebrow at Peeta "You sure" asked Katniss "Sure" said Peeta "You don't sound so sure" said Katniss "I am sure. Definitely sure." said Peeta "Okay" said Katniss "I was just wondering of the day when you went to meet Gale" said Peeta. "Why would you even bother to wonder about that?" asked Katniss "Just curios" said Peeta "What do you want to know about it anyway?" asked Katniss "Just the whole thing, from beginning to end," said Peeta "The day before yesterday, I went to the woods and found Gale," began Katniss. "I found Gale sitting on a tree trunk. I asked him what happened and why he was here. He said he wanted to talk to me and so we walked further into the woods. But he seemed so distant from me, like I was a stranger and he didn't really know me. "Wait," said Peeta. "You're saying that he seemed like he didn't really know you anymore" "Yeah, why are you looking so surprised and scared?" asked Katniss "Nothing, go on with the story" said Peeta "Anyway," said Katniss "we reached a big oak tree and sat down on the grass. He asked me if I could handle a sting. Of course I said yes. I said I have been through worst things in my life than having a sting. So he pressed a needle into my arm. It only stung for a brief second. Then apart from all of that, I felt something in my body, like someone was controlling me. But it only lasted for a few seconds before it went away. Then Gale said he had other things to do so he went home and so I went home too." "Is that it" said Peeta "Basically" said Katniss "Did you see what was on the needle?" asked Peeta "I caught a few numbers but not all of them," said Katniss "What did it say" asked Peeta "It said 111985," answered Katniss Peeta quickly wrote the numbers on a notebook. Suddenly Katniss eyes turn blood red. "Sorry, new orders to kill you" said Katniss "What!" said Peeta Katniss threw her teacup at Peeta. He ducked just in time and the cup hit the window and they both broke. Katniss threw her teacup plate across the room and Peeta grabbed a mixing bowl just in time to block the plate. "Katniss! Snap out of it," yelled Peeta Katniss snapped out of the district 1 controlling body thing. "Was I just about to kill you?" asked Katniss "Yes" said Peeta Just then Katniss fell to the ground, unconscious. Peeta carried her upstairs and set her on the bed. He gave her a medicine that would make her unconscious for three days. "I love you Katniss," said Peeta Peeta packed and left the house. He tried not to think that it would be the last words or the last time he spoke and saw Katniss. Inside his backpack were a small blanket, an extra pair of clothes, a water bottle, some money, a little bit of food, and matches. His knife was in his hand, in case somebody attacked him. He called a carriage and soon set of towards district 1. Everything went wrong almost immediately. He was attacked the second he had stepped of the carriage and stepped into district1. He met men, all dressed in battle armor. "What do you want," asked Peeta "Our master said to bring you to him and he will reward us with great things," they said together "Who is your master" asked Peeta "Tom Beeves," said the one in the middle said. He was obviously the leader of the five. Peeta knew he couldn't fight all of them. Besides even if he could beat them, they all had weapons and Peeta only had his knife "Take me to him then," said Peeta The five men took Peeta to the front of a palace. Peeta was pretty impressed with the palace. It was really beautiful. Soon they came to a man on a throne. He was short and had a big belly. "How would you like to be one of district 1's men and revenge on the people who destroyed the capitol?" asked Tom Peeta knew he couldn't say yes and he couldn't say no. If he said yes, he would get the sting too and if he said no, they would kill him. " I don't want to" said Peeta "Lock him up in the underground cells. Then we will see if he will agree to join me" ordered Tom. "As you wish my lord" said Peeta So Peeta was brought to the underground cells. The cells had nothing in them. It was damp and really stinky. He was brought into a cell. Peeta knew he would have to think of an escape plan. He thought of trying to escape through the window but that wouldn't work because the window was locked very tightly. He thought about attacking one of the guards when they came downstairs but his knife was in the other room along with his back pack. Just then a servant came to the cell. The servant was a girl. She was really beautiful. "Why do you come down here?" asked Peeta "I came down here to bring you some food. By the way my name is Emma," said the girl "Thanks" said Peeta "Why have you come to district 1 anyway?" asked Emma "My wife has the sting I wanted to find the cure and save everybody who has the sting and erase all the stings data," said Peeta "I think I can help you," said Emma "You don't have the sting?" asked Peeta "I don't. Tom has all of his people the sting. All but me," said Emma "Do you know a way to escape this place?" asked Peeta hopefully "I only know a few things," said Emma "Tell me all you know then," said Peeta "I know that the guards that you see coming everyday are the ones that will guard you at night they come every 15 minutes. Only they have the keys to the doors of the cell. Also Tom Beeves has the key. That is all I know," said Emma "Could you help me steal the key from Tom's bedroom?" asked Peeta "I will try when I clean his clothes tomorrow in the morning," said Emma "Is it possible that we escape in the daylight?" asked Peeta "It will be harder but it is our only chance," said Emma "You need to come with me on my trip. If they find out what you did they will kill you," said Peeta "It's okay. I can stay here. You need to find the cure and stop this," said