(A/N– Wow. You have been brave enough to click on this story and see what it's all about, and I thank you! Now, would you be brave enough to hang around read it? And possibly consider reviewing it? Haha… It's okay; I'm not trying to freak you out, though I'm probably doing a great job of it. Sorry. I just want a chance! LoL. All right, I'll stop. The full summary's below just there, and I appreciate all and any feedback! I also reply to my reviewers because it's common decency. I hope you're intrigued to read more, because so much more develops after this. Thanks! And just to be clear, the top half of every chapter is when the hobbits are younger, and the bottom half follows the story of the One Ring. A different set-up for me, but I enjoy it. I hope you do as well! Also, I've made the hobbits similar in age. It's based mainly on the movie, but I'll still be throwing in some book references here and there. I hope it suits!) . X . Angie is not like the other hobbits. You'd expect her to be girly and lazy and troublesome-free, but she wants adventure, helps cause the trouble, and her best friends are all boys (Frodo, Sam, Merry, and Pippin to be exact). Only two things she hadn't expected have caught up with her - her feelings for Frodo and the War of the One Ring. Now she refuses to leave Frodo and the Fellowship to go to Mordor without her, and all the while, Angie's only desire is also watching her, wondering why she has grown so much more than a friend to him. Now Frodo, Sam, and Angie must brave the powers of the alluring power of the Ring as they make for Mount Doom. Their pasts are revealed, and after all they've been through, will Angie and Frodo finally get what they've always wanted? Or will the Ring destroy them and their dreams as well as all of Middle-Earth? . Chapter One . ..The Shire.. Out of breath as they ran into a wide open field under a sky of twinkling diamonds, three small hobbits fell to the cool grass on their stomachs listening intently as the barking subsided far off from where they lay. They looked at each other and started to laugh when they were certain they were safe. "Close one," the first said. "You almost didn't make it out of there alive, Pip," Merry laughed. "Nope, but I did make it out with a bag of mushrooms!" Pippin held up the bag proudly as they laughed more, and he opened it, allowing the aroma to escape into the fresh night air. All three of them took a deep breath together, devouring the heavenly scent of their night's reward. "Oh, they smell so good..." a third voice said. "Wish we could have 'em now, but I best get home before Mum finds out I've been out this late." "We'll save you some, Ang," Merry said as they stood and dusted off their fronts. "Yeah, don't worry," Pippin, added. "We'll let you know how good they were." Merry laughed at Pippin's comment as he smiled at Angie. "Oh, get lost," she laughed. "See you tomorrow." "And if you're not alive?" Merry asked. "Stay away from my funeral," Angie joked. "Good night." "Night." "Bye!" Angie walked down the hill to the road that lead to the front door of her home. To her horror, there her mother was on the doorstep waiting for her. Her eyes never left her daughter as she went inside. Angie kept eye contact on the light inside the door so that her mother could not attack her immediately. Once inside, her mother slammed the door, causing Angie to stop dead. "Where were you?" she asked angrily. "Out," the young hobbit girl replied coolly. "I told you not to leave! And now you return to me dirty with filth as always! Why I didn't throw you into a well I will never understand!" "I'm not going to be little forever! I don't want to be here!" "You are a disgrace!" The girl's mother threw a vase across the room at her and it shattered on the wall right next to her. "You are not to leave this home again! Do you understand me?" "Mother-" "Hush! I've had enough of you, Angela!" "Angie! I like Angie better! Merry and Pippin gave me tha-" "See! Running around with those two... those rats-" "They aren't rats! Those are my friends!" "Brandybuck and Took your friends! Absurd! They've poisoned you." "Well at least I can go off and be happy with them unlike staying cooped up here with you!" "You will not leave again!" "I will if I please!" the young hobbit said bravely and loudly. There was a silence between her and her mother for such a long time Angie thought she could bear it no longer, and she half-wished she hadn't said that. "You shame us!" her mother yelled suddenly. "You shame your family! Curse the day you were born! Hobbits are not meant to run ramped in the Wild looking for... adventure! Let alone a girl." "I will not be treated differently because-" "Ooo, it's that Baggins, isn't it?" he mother said with fierce eyes, moving towards her. Angie backed up into a wall even though her mother was halfway across the room from her feeling small and meek as opposed to a few moments ago when she was shouting loudly. "No, mother-" "You and those fools have been visiting him more and more, haven't you?" "He teaches us many things!" "He fills your head with lies! Lies and dreams and-and-and stories of that adventure! Makes you believe in folklore! Lets you think you can do anything!" "It's not true," she began to cry. "Bilbo's a great hobbit. A brave hobbit." "Don't speak of him!" "But-" Her mother wielded a plate across the room at her now. Angie ducked and ran up the hall with hot tears of anger blinding her sight. "And if I ever find you leaving this house again to go see those filthy hobbits or that Baggins, you'll regret ever stepping foot outside!" her mother bellowed. Angie reached her room and slammed the door. "He is a great hobbit. A wonderful hobbit," she sobbed, falling onto her bed. She leaned onto her windowsill and watched the moon rise above the high branches of the Party Tree far off on the top of the Hill. It was calming, but what would ease her tears and hate best right now would be a story from Bilbo. And that's just what she decided to do. She grabbed up her dark blue cloak and opened the window quietly. She left the room dark, and shut the window quietly as she fell to the soft earth underneath her window. She had begun to plant a few things there last week, but no sprouts yet. She frowned and ran off up the path. There was no need to bring Merry and Pippin this time. Even though they had been there through everything and she loved them both, she had already gotten them in enough trouble today. Though she knew that they would come in heartbeat if she had asked them to, sneaking out should be the last of their troubles after they got caught smashing Farmer Maggot's pumpkins... Angie ran to the tree she often loved to go to when she was sneaking out at night. It was towards the edge of the River, and its overlook was beautiful under the silver moon. She got a clear view from this tree of Bilbo's hobbit hole, which comforted her enough at this point. Usually one of the windows was glowing warmly, but tonight, especially at this late hour, it was quite strange to see the hobbit hole lit entirely with figures moving in and out of the house. She couldn't make out anything said because of the distance, but she could hear the voices below. A carriage had drawn away from the gates of the hobbit hole, and she saw Bilbo coaxing a smaller hobbit inside. This new stranger carried bags in each hand and still more were left outside. Its head was low and sadness seemed to be upon it. Poor thing. "I know how you feel," she whispered. Perhaps this was a dwarf, but it seemed too small, even for a dwarf child. And besides, what would a dwarf be doing in the Shire even if it were one of the thirteen from his great stories told? It was odd, very perplexing, and still it looked to her like a small hobbit. She sat in the tree watching Bilbo's hobbit hole as lights slowly dimmed throughout it. Tomorrow she would have to meet this hobbit new to the Shire. Tomorrow, if her mother hadn't skinned her alive by then. . x x x .. Bright was the morning as Merry and Pippin slid quickly (and very loudly) into the strawberry patch under their friend's window. Merry nudged Pippin rather hard for making his loud entrance beside him, but Pippin merely smiled and placed a small rock in Merry's hand. "Me?" Merry asked. "None better," Pippin answered. "Quiet now!" he said as Merry rose up out of the strawberries. He nodded and threw the rock at the window. He ducked immediately waiting for the yells, rants, raves, and gripes to start, but none came to their surprise. "You try, Pip," Merry said. Pippin stood up, rock in hand, and threw another one this time. Merry pulled him down and they waited again, but still they heard nothing. What was it gonna take? A boulder? Another hit the window. Inside, a young hobbit girl opened her eyes and heard another tic on her window. She sighed. It only took one tic on her window to tell her it was Merry and Pippin again (seeing as it was their favorite way to wake her up), but two more tics came before she got up and did something about it. "Curse you two hobbits to your graves..." she muttered angrily as she got out of her warm bed. She opened the window wide and saw Merry and Pippin stand up together laughing and sniggering, but they stopped dead when they had seen the daggers in Angie's eyes pointed right -at - them. "Morning, Angie!" Pippin said happily. "Ay! Beautiful day, don't you think?" Merry said. "If you throw one more rock (or eat one more of my strawberries! Drop it, Pippin!), I will be the one throwing the rocks. At your heads. While you're tied to trees." Pippin dropped his armful of strawberries as they both gaped at her. "Geez, Ang, it was just harmless fun," Merry said. "Yeah, lighten up, woman," Pippin said. "Frodo sent us." "Frodo?" Angie asked quickly before hardening her tone. "Why?" "To tell you bout Bilbo's 'levnty-first celebration tonight." Pippin said. "And...?" "And... that's it," Pippin said. "You had to wake me for that?" Angie asked, thoroughly fed up. "I already knew!" "Well of course you did," Merry said. "Must've slipped our minds, Pip." He looked down at the strawberry plant and picked off the biggest one, taking a bite just to make her mad. It worked really well after he added, "Delicious strawberries, by they way." Angie smiled as they grabbed a few more quickly. "Oh, get out of here!" she laughed as they ran up to the path with more of her strawberries. "You ignorant fiends!" "Thank you!" Pippin yelled to her. "Just you wait!" she called back. She smiled in defeat as she watched them run off until they were out of sight, and then Angie walked away from the window to throw on her dress. After that, she picked up the book on her bedside table, and she left the hobbit hole to do some reading somewhere off in the Shire's