"Father! What is the meaning of this?" I stormed into my father's chambers. I was slightly aggravated. "There is no other option" My father sighed. He looked tired. That's odd, it's the middle of the day. None the less. "There is always another option," I argued. "What? Are you suggesting war?" Father exclaimed "We are more that capable of winning. They are unprepared, and half of them are gone looking for nonexistent lads far across the ocean. They are most likely dead anyway," I sat in the rocking chair Mother has always loved. Before she passed, I would sit in this chair with her every night before bed. Mother passed when I was only four years of age. It was a week before my day of birth. That year there was no celebration, just mourning. I guess growing up with only my father and brothers effected me quite a bit. I was only the third ever worrier, following in Mothers footsteps, and the first one to lead an army. My brothers were not pleased at first but, they got over it. I deserved it after all. "Father please, do not make me marry that imbecile!" I pleaded. My father, a fairly large man, stroked his red beard. He was so proud of that thing, said it showed pride of some sort. I'm not sure; to be honest I was not really listening. "The only other option is war and you can't really ask me to do that simply because you do not want to marry" He looked at me. "If it's not Mike Newton then it will be another, why don't you just help me out here?" I could not believe my ears. "I refuse! I absolutely refuse to marry him!" I shouted at Father. Fathers hand came down on the table "Know your place!" Oops, I went too far. "I'm sorry, but you know my feelings on the matter" Father didn't look convinced, but after a few more minutes of pleading he surrendered. After spending some time talking to Father about strategy, I went down stairs to the kitchen and grabbed a pile of food and headed to the secret room behind the servants quarters. I was, and still am, somewhat of a devious child. Father built this castle when I was about ten years old, and I decided that I want a secret room. Father still doesn't know about it. When I was young, Emmett, my other brothers and I would play games in there. Now we discuss war. Time for some real strategy talk. I love Father but there are still many things he is not ready to hear. In the room I met with my most trusted. Jasper was here too. My brother Emmett was not here for his young child, born only two months ago, had gotten sick so he had to say with him. After passing around some food we settled down to talk strategy. As day was turning to night we finished up and headed to dinner. There was a big feast that night. I guess Father realized that today's conversation could go one of two ways; I would ether agree – highly unlikely – and we would celebrate my engagements, or I would decide to go to war. I would never marry any one of power, much less someone who got that power by killing his uncle, four cousins, his dad, and two brothers. I grew up around power and, while it has its advantages, I would rather have a quiet life with a man that was not in particularly special to anyone; but me of course. Not to mention the fact that Mike, or the idiot as I like to call him, laughed at the fact that I was a leader of an army and that my men willingly listened to a woman. He belittled my ability, my gender, me, and most of all, my father. After Dinner I headed to my Chambers. In the morning I went out to the practice field behind the castle, only to find the worriers wrestling with each other. I felt lucky that all of the men got along so well, some lands were not so lucky and their worriers ended up slaughtering each other. My eldest brother, Emmett, was present today. He was off in the corner instructing some of the younger recruits. "How is your boy doing?" I approached Emmett mid shout. He liked to yell. He looked surprised to see me. He turned back to watch the younger men try to compete with the more seasoned worriers, who were eating and fighting at the same time. "Hey what's up? You are not out here unless something is going on. " Emmett finally looked at me. "I guess you didn't want to marry Mike?" "You knew?" I shouted "Why didn't anyone tell me?" "Father just did." He quipped. "That doesn't count." I huffed. "We needed time to prepare some new men" Emmett told me, as if everyone knew what was going to happen. "I'm not that bad" I insisted "Really?" Emmett looked at me. I huffed. I do that a lot around my older brothers. "Of all of us, you cause the most trouble. Plus, all of the schemes you've ever come up with have all gotten me in trouble. Every single one. And there were many schemes. Any way you are leading all of us to war simply because you don't want to marry. " Emmett smiled smugly. I stuck my tong out at him. "Mike is a stupid name anyway," He tolled me before going to yell at another lad, who looked to be about my age. Emmett always knew how to cheer me up. Growing up with only brothers definitely defined my personality and my fighting. I was the third child; before me where Emmett, Jasper, and after me are Appin and orinn - who are twins – and little Adie. The Baby of the family. I was only twelve when I became a worrier and fourteen when I became the leader. My one advantage with this was that people never expected me. Before she died Mother always told me to be more proper so I try to honor that as much as I can. I try to be as polite and respectful as I can, but at times I get what Father calls Dragon Mouth. My mouth got me in more trouble than my actions did, and my actions were pretty bad. Oh well. I changed into my fighting equipment and went to join the men. After defeating virtually all the men, I took off my head gear and let my hair fall around my shoulders. I heard a collected gas, why does that always happened to me? I gave everyone instructions and pointers. They needed to be ready so, we will be leaving within the week. I then left my brothers with the new recruits, and went to visit with Emmett's wife. I found her in their chambers fussing around the child. Rosalie was not much older than me, only a few years and I enjoyed talking to her. "There you are! How is little Emmett doing?" I cooed at the baby. I thought that the name choice was quite strange, but who am I to judge? "how are you feeling?" Rosalie turned to look at me, after putting Marcus down. "I'm Planning a war." I answered simply. I didn't see the point of beating around the bush. I say things like they are. Rose nodded "Emmett told me your father wanted you to marry, so I suspected as much" "Why does every one keep saying that?" I shouted, exasperated. "I did not mean it in a bad way. I look up to you. You know what you want, and you go for it." She looked at the floor "Me?" I asked "What about Emmett and your son?" "No, no! Don't get me wrong, I love your brother and our son. It's just that you are never outspoken you say what you feel. Your opinion is always known. I just wish I was that brave." She explained. "It's not as great as you describe Rose, I often get into trouble because of my opinions" I whispered The next week passed by very quickly, with most of the time spent preparing for war. Little Emmett got better with each passing day and one of the newer recruits was making great progress. I believe his name was Edward, but I was never good with names. He took instructions well and looked like he really wanted to improve. We made plans for attack, packed up, and left. It was hard being away from our families I will admit. I could tell that Emmett missed his boy, and Jasper missed his wife, Alice. I almost felt bad; almost. I will not marry stupid Mike Newton. Under no circumstances will I ever marry that horrid man. I had become great friends with Edward, I enjoyed his company. I left Edward alone in our little corner and went to speak with Emmett. He was with the others, playing some sort of game. I honestly don't know. Nothing significant was really happening. We did have some battles but nothing that really decided anything, and to be honest we were all bored. It was time for action; we had been here for two cycles already. So we hatched a plan. First thing the next morning we attacked. There were some minor miscalculation. Instead of the two hundred men I expected, we were met with five hundred. Guess they were back from exploring. Not dead. No, they were very much alive. Fergus, who was eating, like always, caught the sword Edward threw at him expertly and beheaded the four men that were attacking him at once. My worriers were doing very well each was fighting three or four men at once. I was in the middle of fighting off seven men, I counted, when I heard Japer cry out. I stuck my sword in the chest of the worrier in front of me and turned to look at was transpiring a mere ten steps from me. Jasper was knocked to the ground with a sword to his heart. Please, no, not him! That's when I saw Edward run up behind the man and behead him. I saw relief in Jasper's eyes. I then returned to my own fight. Again there were seven men surrounding me. I started fighting theme off but my reactions were delayed since my heart was still pounding from seeing my brother almost die. One of the men got me. He sliced the top of my arm from my elbow to the beginning of my wrist. It wasn't deep but it really hurt. None the less I ran off to the corner of the battle field and bandaged my injury up so dirt wouldn't get in it, takes longer to heal. I wrapped some cloth around my arm and returned to the battle. I was not surprised at what I saw. My one hundred fifty men were defeating Nevis's five hundred. Out of the corner of my eye I saw some young worriers in need of some assistance so I jogged over to help. We fought well into the night. When Mike's men were down to only fifty, they surrendered because it was obvious who won. After they left, my brothers and I started assessing damage and packing up. Two dead, seven injured. After we finished packing, we wrapped up the dead and headed home. It will take us seventeen days to reach home. On the way home Edward pulled me off to the side in the makeshift camp we were staying in for the night. "So I have something to tell you. It would be great if you could please not interrupt me." He looked into my eyes for a second before looking at the night sky. "Alright Edward, what is it?" I