Let me in Things I own: Cupcake pans. Three dogs. The hunger games trilogy (hardcover, always). Things I don't own: Gale. And Peeta. And Finnick. And every gorgeous guy in this series. And non-gorgeous guys. And girls. Basically, I owe nothing from the Hunger Games except for a copy of the books. AN: Hey guys! I've had this idea ever since I heard about the expo made by artist Tracey Emin with this beautiful neon sentence reading "I don't believe in love but I believe in you" (look it up on Google, it's really nice). I identified with the sentence, and immediately wanted to write something with this. And I knew no one would play it better than Katniss, of course. Well. I just hope you all enjoy it. I apologize in advance for any grammatical mistake and weird sounding sentences. English is not my first language, so… Also, the title of the story is a song by "R.E.M.". A lovely one at that, dedicated to Kurt Cobain. I thought it fit the story rather nicely. I'll just stop rambling now. Enjoy! See you guys on the next chapter. It was early morning when I woke up, my cellphone buzzing quietly by my night stand, the soft sound echoing through the dark room. I got up slowly, trying to keep the bed still and not disturb the curled body sleeping by my side. I got dressed in the dark, easily choosing my clothes and slipping them on with practice. I could hear Prim's soft breathing as I left the room without making a sound, using all my control not yell when Buttercup's yellow eyes piercing at me in the middle of the dark corridor. "Damn cat," I said under my breath, picking up my bag and swinging it over my shoulders. I clutched my keys to avoid them from chinking against each other and slowly unlocked the door. I had one step outside in the cold morning air and one inside the house when a familiar voice reached my ears. "Where are you going?" I turned around hastily, finding the outline of Prim's body in our bedroom door. "Hey, little duck." I called, quietly shutting the door. "I'm just going to buy a few things for the house. I promise I'll be back by the time to get ready for school." "Food?" She asked, her eyes following me as I crouched beside her. My hands touched her bare arms and rubbed up and down as she shivered a little. "Yeah. Gale is coming with me, so you don't have to worry." I noticed the sleeve of the too big shirt sliding down her arm. It was a hand down by me, and I used to wear that same shirt when I was Prim's age, but she is much too small for a 12 year old, and my clothes are always big for her. "Can I come?" She asked hopefully. Prim hated to be left alone, and that's why I didn't want to wake her up. Our mother was working and would only come back by noon, while we were at school, so Prim would have to be alone until I came back. I didn't like leaving her alone, too, but I didn't have a choice. I preferred leaving her alone than to take her to the hob. It wasn't a place for Prim, who still believed the world was pink in spite of everything. "Oh, little duck. If you come, how will you stay awake for school?" I told her, and saw the way her eyes grew large with fear. Prim would be going to my school starting this year, since her old school only accepted students until 11 years old. I pressed my lips together and tucked a lock of her golden hair behind her ear. "You know what? If you promise to stay here and sleep until I get back, I'll bring you a cupcake. How does that sound?" It wasn't a good promise and I would keep it no matter what it cost. Cupcakes weren't really expensive, but my mind was quickly calculating how much I would have to give up at the hog just to get that threat for her. It would cost me at least a loaf of old bread and a small packing of condiments. But I would do anything if it meant keeping Prim safe. And the instant I saw her smile lighting up her eyes, I knew that it would be worth it. She gave me an energetic nod and a quick hug, and I hushed her to the bedroom. "I'll be back before you know it," I said, tucking her in the old bed that creaked loudly with her movements. "Sleep tight." I kissed her forehead and left the room, leaving the house and entering the cold morning air. The hob was in the ugly side of town. I often saw homeless people and drug dealers around, bad smell of human fluids and starving dogs. The good part, though, was that it was only a few blocks away from my house. I didn't have to walk too long to get to it, and I was already used to the view. I met Gale at the entrance to the hob, our usual place. He waved at me with the hand that wasn't covering a huge yawn escaping his lips and I chuckled as I approached him. "What are trying to do? Swallow the whole place?" I teased, bumping my arm into his as we entered the dark building. "Yeah, right," he shot back, getting inside like the place was his own house. And it kind of was, because for the last four years we came here to buy from the black market because our family couldn't get enough to buy from legal places. There were all sorts of people in the hog (most of whom would scare Prim to death), but we were one of them. They waved at us, said 'Good Morning' in a polite way, and some even smiled at us. One of them was Greasy Sae, and we would always go up to her first. "Good morning, you two," she called, and filled a bowl of soup without any of us even asking. It was our breakfast, every day, ever since we first came here. We gulped it down soundly and she smiled at us. "So, I heard little Prim is going to a new school." "Oh, don't even mention it," I said, cleaning my mouth with the sleeve of my hoodie and ignoring Gale's disgusted face. "She's really scared. She doesn't do well in places full of people she doesn't know." "Poor girl," she agreed, filling another bowl of soup for another customer. "But I'm sure she will be alright, with you and Gale next to her." Gale took a long sip of soup, his cheeks swelling comically with so much liquid. After he swallowed with a loud ' glup ', he spoke. "Yeah. I'll be sure to beat up anyone who makes fun of her. Or tries to date her." I laughed, even though I knew it was possible and Gale would surely get in trouble. But it was nice knowing someone else was helping me protect my sister. "I'm sure Prim would be delighted to know that." "Oh, hush," he replied, rolling his eyes. We finished the soup quickly and got our goods from Sae. She usually left a few things separated for us, like meat, rice and a few vegetables she grew by her house. I took it all, because Sae had already helped me so much, and I couldn't afford cutting down the things she gave me in order to fulfill my promise to Prim. When Gale suggested we went by the bread stand, I hesitated slightly. "I'm not sure I'll be able to get bread today, Gale." "Why?" He asked, turning around to face me. "Prim woke up this morning, and asked if she could come along. You know she can't come here, it would freak her out. And she hates being alone… And with school starting today, you had to see her face, Gale, she looked like an animal face to face with a car at 100 miles per hour! So I said I'd get her a cupcake if she stayed home and waited for me to come back. You know how she loves those things…" Gale sighed heavily, fully turning to face me. I knew what was coming. And I also knew Gale was the only person allowed to give that speech to me. I owned him that much. I cupped my elbow with my left hand, my right hand carrying the plastic bag with Greasy Sae's things. My eyes darted to the floor when he began speaking. "You can't do this forever, Katniss. You try to keep her from everything you think it's bad, that's why she's so afraid. She can't keep on being like this. And this cupcake, it cost you food for the week." He said sternly, gray eyes matching mine. "Ugh!" I grunted, covering my face with my free hand. "I know, Gale! But what could I do? I'll figure a way out, later, but not now! Let's just go. Please? Let's grab whatever we can and stop by the town's bakery quickly and get home on time." "You can't avoid confrontation forever, Katniss." Gale insisted, still not moving even though I brushed just past him. "No," I agreed, still walking. "But we won't discuss it today." Gale, to my relief, didn't push, though he kept moody for the next thirty minutes while we finished our shopping and walked over to the bakery. I asked him to keep outside since he would surely complain about the cupcake and, kindly, he offered to hold my plastic bag with food, saying it would only infest the place with its smell. I found out he was right. The bakery was a lovely place, with walls painted white and decorated with wooden logs in elegant shapes, marble topped tables and a full display of all kinds of sweets imagined. My ears instantly picked up a soft French music playing in the background and I couldn't help but smile. We always passed by the front of the bakery on our way to school, and Prim would always ask to stop and admire the cakes. I knew why she loved it so much, and even I wanted to try them. I have never come inside of it, but I knew the inside matched exactly the feel the cakes passed on to the customers. There was a blond man by the counter, his hair a little thinned and a few lines across his forehead. He looked younger than he probably was, because I instantly recognized him the father of one of my classmates, though I have never seen him up this close. He smiled at me when he saw me, the bell jingling by the door just enough to get his attention. I was amazed at how kind that smile came, and saw recognition crossing his blue eyes, and I thought then, He must have been very handsome when he was young. "Hello. It's nice to see such a young lady up so early." His voice was soft and low, audible enough only for me to hear it. "Hi," I answered, suddenly feeling shy. My eyes darted over to the cupcakes stand, and he followed the movement. "Oh, you'll love these. My son baked them, and I assure you those are the best you'll ever taste." He wasn't being pushy, and I felt I could decline if I wanted to. And maybe I did, because my plastic bag felt lighter this week. But I had promised Prim, and I was already here. So I swallowed hard and looked back at him. "Sounds nice. I want to get one for my sister, actually…" I started, feeling lost on what to do next. I hadn't even