Chapter 1 Beta Read by optimisticrealist72 Though lovers be lost, Love shall not; And death shall have no dominion. -Dylan Thomas- Severus sat down heavily in the armchair closest the fire, fingers massaging his temples. The skin beneath his shoulders was riddled with tight knots, and a foul taste burned in his mouth after another night of running with Greyback and his pack. Clicking his fingers, a house elf appeared, offering him his usual drink of brandy before disappearing again. It was in these brief few moments alone that he allowed his mind to wander, safe within the comfort of Spinner's end. His secret of his lycanthropy was safe for the moment, Greyback agreeing to keep his secret in exchange for Artemis's help locating stray wolves and convincing them to join. The Dark Lord had them in meetings every spare moment of the day, discussing plans concerning the ministry, his werewolf army, and finding the boy who lived. When Severus wasn't protecting his memories or being tortured for sheer torment, he was here, in his library, attempting to find any sort of resources to help him locate the remaining Horcruxes. He knew they had to be of importance to the founders of Hogwarts, specifically Ravenclaw and Hufflepuff. Slytherin's locket had already been found and Severus knew that the sword of Gryffindor was integral to their plans to destroy Horcruxes. " Once you have taken Hogwarts under your protection, as Tom will no doubt have you do, you will need to find a way to get Gryffindor's sword to Harry. It is crucial to my plans.' The whisper of reminiscence was loud in the silence. He stared into the amber liquid which did nothing to stop the memories of Albus falling to his death, of Harry staring at him, hatred in his eyes. Severus's fingers tightened around the chipped glass. Two full moons had passed since that night and he was no closer to any information to help his former mate. His teeth ground together as he remembered how they had parted, how Harry had refused his kiss. The glass exploded against the wall. "Damn you, Albus," Severus growled, getting up to pace the dusty floor. Their magic was still tied, as was the nature of their previous bond, but Severus could no longer feel Harry's presence, no longer sense if his mate was in danger. Artemis had remained silent since that night, furious of what had happened. "I should have taught him while I had the chance," he told the stone wall. He believed that the only way Harry was still able to draw on his magic was to be within close proximity of each other. Severus moved to the window, watching the July sun sink towards the ground. "It's his birthday soon." He was speaking to Artemis, as he had done for the last two months, hoping the beast would respond. It felt like it was the only link he had to Harry. "And there is nothing I can do for him." His dark, unwashed hair fell around his face as his head dropped forward. The mark on his arm burned, signalling his time of lament was over for today. Grabbing his mask and robe from where they had been haphazardly thrown on the floor, Severus strode out the door, apparating away before it even shut behind him. All Death Eater meetings now took place in Malfoy Manor. Severus strode up the granite path with his brethren, ignoring the stares of Greyback and his now human pack. They bore the red cloth on their arms proudly, and still the Death Eaters knew not what this 'seeker' pack meant to the Dark Lord. Severus took his seat near the head of the table, removing his mask to place it beside him. Bellatrix was to his left, the right hand of the Dark Lord. Draco was at the foot of the table, his face just as haggard as his fathers. With the Malfoy's out of favour, my own star rises. The Dark Lord entered, Nagini at his heels. "My followers, never have we seen so much of each other." He sat, snake eyes observing them all. "But never before have we had so much at stake. I have been working you hard, and for that I give you a reward. Bring her in!" Pettigrew threw open the doors at the end of the hall, allowing a body to float in. Charity Burbage. Her body floated toward them. Severus hoped she was already dead. "Severus… help me, please." He turned his head, publicly showing his disdain, his hand on his wand through the sleeve of his robe. There was no way of giving her a peaceful death. "This woman believes we should mate with Muggles, that their existence is something we should admire." Nagini slid around Severus's feet, coming closer to her master as she ascended to the table. "We must accept these thieves of magic? Ludicrous! Why should we be shamed for our purity of blood? Why see the Muggle for anything but they are? They are our slaves and I will see that they are placed back where they belong, starting with this disgrace of a witch. Avada Kedavra!" Severus watched as the green light robbed Charity of her life, her eyes still focused on him, even in death. "Nagini, dinner." The Death Eaters watched as her body was disposed of. "I have news that the Order is planning to move Potter before he turns seventeen. We will be there to intercept this manoeuvre. While we cannot attack him directly at the Muggle's home, he will have to leave the wards or they will expire when he comes of age. Either way, I expect my army to be ready." The Dark Lord reclined in his chair, lazily describing his plans as if they had no importance. As if he was not discussing the murder of Harry. "I shall attend to this in person. I must be the one to kill Potter and I shall be!" Voldemort looked around his followers, his eyes resting on Severus. "You were the most trusted by Dumbledore, the only one of us to still have ties to the ministry; you must know of the date of Potter's planned move." Severus could feel his mouth grow dry despite his impassive face; he had to answer, he couldn't risk Voldemort entering his mind. "My Lord, the Order plans to move Potter on Saturday at nightfall." The truth tumbled from his lips, his brain working overtime trying to figure out a plan. "And this information comes from?" "A source of mine from within the ministry." Severus waited with bated breath as red eyes contemplated this. "My Lord, I have heard differently…" Yaxley, a fool of a Death Eater, barged in, giving Severus the breathing space he needed to school his thoughts. "Dawlish, the Auror, let slip of a plan to move Potter the night before he turns seventeen." "I was warned of a false trail, this must be what Yaxley is referring to. I can assure you, Yaxley, the Order will no longer help Potter with protection. They believe we have infiltrated the Ministry; all their attention will be there." "The Ministry will not be under my control by the coming Saturday." Voldemort sat back in his chair, gripping the armrest. "We will strike on Saturday during Potter's transport. I will acquire a wand," he extended his skeletal hand towards Malfoy. "Your wand, Lucius." Malfoy handed it over hesitantly. Severus ignored the exchange, his mind processing all the information he knew and how best to apply it in the protection of Harry. Mundungus Fletcher. His brain offered up the name, an inkling of an idea behind it. "Leave," Voldemort pointed at the door at the end of the hall. "Severus, you stay." Others gave him looks as they walked out, a few with sympathy, most with anger for being singled out by the Lord himself. "It is my intention that you become Headmaster of Hogwarts." Severus said nothing, looking at the hands gripping the table. "Does this not please you?" "Indeed, my Lord. But, if I may, how much help can I be at Hogwarts?" "Ahh, Severus, you underestimate your skills. Now that Dumbledore is gone, I needn't worry about over throwing our old school. I need eyes there, Severus, someone who can watch the students and watch for signs of Potter re-emerging. Our next target might be the ministry but I doubt Dumbledore would have left Potter helpless." There was a pause. "You are hesitant… why?" No sooner had he spoke then Severus found his mind assaulted, a tendril of dark magic worming his way into his inner most thoughts. The barriers he had raised were barraged as the Dark Lord sought the information he craved. Artemis remained hidden. Severus could feel the beast shifting in his mind. Immediately Severus thought of Greyback and his pack. "You are concerned about the werewolf army. Of course…" Voldemort ceased his attack. "You were attacked by one in your school years and now you do not trust them." "No, my Lord." "They are merely creatures to be controlled. Like obedient mongrels, perfect for doing tasks unworthy of my army. You need not be fearful." "Thank you, my Lord. When shall I return to Hogwarts?" "You shall accompany us on the attack of Potter's house. Then you will return to Hogwarts, not a moment before, do you understand, Severus?" "Of course, my Lord." "Now leave me." Severus stood, bowing and moved silently from the room. "Oh, and Severus?" He turned to look back at his master. "Crucio." Severus fell to the ground, knives embedding in his nerves. "The one you need to fear is me." HPHPHPHPHPHPHP Harry looked at the two piles he had made on the floor next to his trunk. The pile he had labelled mentally as things to take was significantly smaller than the one he intended to leave. Sighing, he flopped back onto the floor, listening to the murmurs of his relatives. "How'd I end up here?" he whispered to the room, smiling at the soft hoot he received from Hedwig. He got up, moving to the window, stroking Hedwig through the bars of her cage. "It's been two months. I know he said to wait for three, but…" Hedwig ruffled her wings, regarding him with large amber eyes. "It was around a year ago that I met Artemis, a bit less, actually; I was at Hogwarts by then." Harry knew Hedwig couldn't respond, but he had to speak to someone except his abnormally fat cousin. "Could you believe I was moping around… thinking of families and Romilda Vane? Now look at me; no longer in a bond, my mentor dead, about to go on the run. Doesn't get any better than this, huh, girl?" There was laughter from beneath his feet. The Dursley's clearly not taking his warning to heart. "I miss him every day. His smell, his presence, even his damn snarky comments. Damn you, Dumbledore." Harry moved from the window to sit on his bed, his eyes drawn to the newspaper he'd been reading earlier this morning. "The real truth is… I don't think any of us knew the truth about Albus Dumbledore. Apart from Severus." Harry reached into his pocket, thumbing his piece of flint. "Bloody Rita Skeeter." He laid on his bed, feeling the unmistakable ache of missing Severus. "I can't even feel him anymore." Harry placed his hand over his chest, feeling the thump of his heart below his breast bone. Not unlike the other nights over the past eleven weeks, Harry found himself wondering how Severus was doing. He had left without any indication of how Harry had felt, under the illusion that Harry now hated him. "Do you think he'll come find me?" Harry voiced his fear to Hedwig, the only living creature to have heard his misgivings. He'd told Ron and Hermione about the note, and while Ron