DÉJÀ VU Summary : Five years, a marriage, and a divorce. How do two people come back from that? Pairing : Edward/Bella Rating : T Word Count : 4, 619 Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. DÉJÀ VU Her hands tremble. She was attempting a small sip of hot chocolate but quickly decides against it; she would prefer it remained in the large mug rather than on her clothes. Placing the cup down, she rubs her sweaty palms onto her jeans, inhaling sharply. It's hard to say why she's so nervous. Logically, she knows he hasn't changed. Not really. Despite five years, a marriage, and a divorce separating them, he's still the same boy she fell in love with over fifteen years ago: beautiful, soft-spoken, and perceptive. Always perceptive. He's still the same man she stood beside on the day of his wedding: understanding, remorseful, and hopelessly romantic. Logically, she knows he wouldn't have called her, wouldn't have asked to meet in the diner that holds too much of their history, if he didn't mean well. But her heart has been broken once already, and it's hard to shake off the fear and nagging insecurity telling her this is all too good to be true. "Darling, is your hot cocoa okay?" Bella jumps when the waitress gently touches her shoulder. She looks up to see kind blue eyes and a familiar smile. "Hi, Ms. Cope. I didn't realize you were working today." Ms. Cope chuckles, shrugging. "I wasn't supposed to come in today, but old ladies like me get bored easily in too big homes when we're alone. I called Jim, and he happened to have a few hours to mess with." She waves her hand dismissively. "But I didn't come over to force you to listen to me go on about my life. How's the chocolate?" "You're hardly a bore, Ms. Cope. You know I love talking to you. But my drink is good, as usual." Bella takes a deep breath, eyes darting toward the door for a moment. "I'm just waiting for someone." At 2:30, her phone buzzes in her pocket, scaring her more than Ms. Cope had. She fishes it out and contemplates letting it go to voicemail for only a second. He doesn't waste time with pleasantries. "I'm outside," he says, sounding as breathless as she feels. "I know even coming here is more than you should have to deal with. If you don't want to do this, if you don't want to see me, tell me now. I'll leave without causing trouble." His offer is tempting, but the thought of him leaving–again– makes her angry. After sucking her back into the whirlwind that is their relationship without advanced warning, he doesn't get to abandon ship before stepping on board. "I want to see you." She needs to see him. When Edward walks in, everything around her comes to a halt. He's not beautiful—he's breathtaking. His hair isn't nearly as messy as she remembers, but it's still the same odd, bronze-like color he'd inherited from his mother. And his eyes are still kind, but now there's an emotion lurking in them she's never seen before. It makes her heart pound. His smile is nervous, but it's bright and warm just like her memories of him. He begins to walk over, and Bella stands. She doesn't know what to say, let alone what to do, but the moment he's in front of her, he kindly takes the decision away from her. She melts in his embrace, burying her face in his chest and breathing in his scent. Suddenly, their years apart feel like centuries, and she realizes she's missed him even more than she allowed herself to believe. "Don't cry, love." Edward pulls back just enough to look her in the eyes, swiping at her tears. "Everything's going to be all right." Bella huffs. Taking a step back, she wipes her own eyes, cheeks flushing; she's never been one to let others in on what she's feeling. She can't decide if it's embarrassing or appropriate that her first public breakdown happens in this diner of all places. Probably a combination of both. They sit, and for a time things are awkward. Now that they're both here in front of each other, neither knows where to start. Realistically, the best place to begin for either of them would be the beginning, but it had always been hard to distinguish beginning from end and back with them. "Edward Cullen?" They both startle, searching for the source of the astonished voice. Ms. Cope is standing behind the counter, coffee pot in hand. She finishes servicing the young man at the counter then rushes over to them. A wide, surprised grin stretches across her face. "I haven't seen you in ages, child. How are you doing?" she asks, reaching out to pat his cheek. "How's that pretty wife of yours?" Edward laughs, though the sound is short and disingenuous. "We're both doing well, Ms. Cope. Thank you." After Ms. Cope finally leaves, done fawning over her "favorite boy," Edward asks, "Were you waiting long?" Bella simply shakes her head. She'll never admit to arriving an extra two hours earlier than the they'd set weeks before, feeling she'd need the time to get rid of at least half of her nerves. Edward picks at his food, a nervous habit he's had since he was a child. He pops a piece of overcooked steak into his mouth and chews slowly, obviously stalling. Bella finds herself growing impatient; they both know why they're here, and it isn't to beat around the bush. "I suppose my condolences are in order," she says, jumping straight to the point. "Your divorce is unfortunate, and I'm sorry." She rips her hamburger in half, nibbling it. "Genuinely." He sighs, running his long fingers through his hair. "Yeah. Thanks. We loved each other, we really did, but we both knew we weren't meant to be more than friends. Distant friends." He understands Bella's need to speed things along, so he doesn't waste any more time. He admits, "She came to me about questioning her sexuality, and I confessed to being in love with you. I've always been in love with you." Seconds tick by slowly. The patrons in the diner are unaware of the storm brewing in Bella. She's reeling at what Edward has said. Her fear from before is rearing its ugly head, making it hard to believe him. Isn't "I'm leaving my wife for you" the oldest lie in the book? She wants to gather her things and leave before the tears can start again, but she can't bring herself to move. "Bullshit," Bella snaps, surprising them both with the force she uses to bring her hand down onto the table. "I knew this was going to happen. I'd hoped you were too good to do this to me, but clearly I placed my faith in the wrong person. After all this time, how could you do this to me again? How could you bring me back to this place?" The tears pool in her eyes against her will, and she scrubs angrily at them. "Why are you doing this?" Wide-eyed and worried, Edward reaches out to take her hands, flinching when she pulls them away harshly. "Birdie—" "Don't call me that." She wraps her arms around herself tightly, a coping mechanism she's used since she was a child. She'd always felt it was the only way to keep from falling apart. He visibly swallows. "Bella, I'm not…I understand your frustration, and I know why you're angry, but I promise you that's not why I'm here. After Tanya and I talked, I knew I had to make things right between us. I had to try and make things the way they were always meant to be, but I knew I couldn't do that before everything between Tanya and me was finalized. "The moment they were, I called you. I told you we'd divorced, and I asked to see you. Not to make you my rebound and not to fuck with your feelings but to see if there's still a chance for us. All those years ago, every single time you tried to take a chance on me, I ruined us. It's not an excuse, but I was scared. After seeing my mom put up with that abusive asshole for years, I was determined not to become like her. Like him. I just wanted to protect myself from ever being hurt and possibly hurting someone, so every time I found myself feeling too strongly for you, I'd push you away." Bella can vividly recall those times clearly. When they were twelve, they shared their first kiss, and he avoided her for a month. On her sixteenth birthday, he snuck into her room with all of their favorite movies, candies, and matching footie pajamas—a long forgotten joke that he reawakened—and they talked and cuddled all night, finally admitting to one another that what they felt was more than platonic. The next morning, he snuck out before she woke, and he let a whole year pass before speaking to her again. When she was twenty-five, he invited her to his apartment. He complained about his most recent breakup with his on-again-off-again girlfriend, Tanya. And she comforted him as usual, holding him while he got a little tipsy and cried. When he kissed her, she knew it wasn't a good idea, but she loved him so much—she always had—and she thought maybe their time had finally come. But then, two weeks later, she got the Save the Date in the mail, and her whole world shattered. After for whatever reason agreeing to be his Best Girl, she was the one to leave him. Now, five years later, here they are. Edward is divorced, and Bella is a wreck, still in love with the boy, and now the man, who'd done nothing but hurt her. Edward sips on his water. When he's done, he licks the excess off his lips and sighs. "Every single time I messed up, I thought about running back to you and apologizing and telling you the truth, but I let my fear get the best of me, and I kept running away. And once you'd had enough and we stopped talking, I just…gave up, you know? "But then I found our box mixed in with a bunch of stuff Dad pulled out of storage, and I was floored. All of our pictures, our notes, our plans. Everything. I'd never forgotten about you, but I'd never let myself truly feel. Not long after that, things with Tanya came to head, and I just couldn't keep living the way I was. I couldn't keep being afraid, and I couldn't keep denying myself the love of my life. "I'm here because I have to try, even if nothing comes of this." Her anger doesn't evaporate immediately after his confession, but it softens. The gleam of sincerity in his eyes stirs awake the hope that had been diminishing. But the nagging fear is still there—the voice in the back of her head questions why this time would be any different. "I want to be with you," Edward says, hesitantly reaching across the table again. When she doesn't pull away, he takes her hands in his and squeezes. "I want to let us both have the happiness I've denied us for so long. How does that sound?" It sounds lovely, Bella has to admit. It sounds like everything she's ever wanted to hear and more. But she's not convinced enough to try. Not yet. "I don't know what to say," she whispers, staring down at their intertwined hands. "I've always wanted us to be together, but now…You've hurt me so many times, and I can't just forget about that because you got a divorce. I can't jump into a relationship with you