Online Deams Become Offline Realities Story summary: Bella has a problem. She has fallen for her online friend and the handsome green eyed man she met at a wedding. Who will she choose? HEA B&E Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 11004 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. BPOV As I sat at my desk, doing my everyday tasks, I looked over to see if your IM light was on. It wasn't, and I felt a sense of sadness of not seeing your name highlighted. I don't know you personally, but we're friends nonetheless. As I continued working, I heard the quiet ping of an instant message, and I looked over to see your name blinking at me. I clicked on it to open the message. AC89: Hi, are you busy? MS90: No, just doing some data entry. You? AC89:Just got out of a meeting. MS90: That's good. Did it go well? AC89: Yep, everything is fine. Big plans for the weekend? MS90: I have my friend's rehearsal dinner Friday, and the wedding is Saturday. You? AC89: What a coincidence, I also have a rehearsal dinner on Friday and a wedding on Saturday. MS90: Well, I guess we won't be talking much this weekend, then. AC89: I'm sure I'll find time to message you, if you'd like? MS90: Sure, I'm stuck with a bunch of people I don't know. It will be nice to talk with you. AC89: Okay, then, we have a date. MS90: :) AC89: ;) ttyl. I should be around after 9. MS90: Ok. ttyl. Have a good rest of your day. AC89: You, too :) I put my phone in my purse, and finished up my work, before I got ready to go and meet with Alice to both eat lunch and to go over the some things for the rehearsal dinner. I grabbed my purse, went down the elevator, and then got in my car, and drove to Panera Bread. Alice said she wanted to meet there and have salad for lunch, since she was afraid of gaining even an ounce before the wedding. I told her there was no way she would, but she said she didn't want to chance it. I parked next to her car, and got out. I walked leisurely into the restaurant, mentally preparing myself for the crazy person waiting by the door. I looked up, and saw her pacing and looking at her watch as I opened the door. "Isabella, you are two minutes late," she admonished. "Sorry, traffic was horrendous," I offered. "I hope you won't be late to the rehearsal, or, worse, the wedding." "Alice, you need to switch to decaf, and stop worrying. I will be on time. Besides, I won't be coming from work at peak times for the dinner or the wedding. Let's order; I'm starving." She nodded as we got in line, "What are you getting?" "I think I'm going to get the Strawberry Poppyseed and Chicken Salad with the Tomato Mozzarella Flatbread and Iced Green Tea." "I can't eat all that, so I'm just getting the Greek Salad and water. You should get that, too, so you'll look fabulous in your dress." "It will be fine, Alice. The dress fits me like a glove," I said as I moved up to place my order. "I hope so," she said as she rolled her eyes, and looked down at her phone. I fought the urge to grab my phone and send a message to AC. I wondered if that was his real name, or did he use part of his name, like me? But, I didn't want to bother him. I would endure this torturous lunch with a smile. I waited for my food, and listened to Alice droning on and on about Jasper and his friends, and the other two bridesmaids, Jessica and Rosalie. I could deal with Rosalie more than Jessica. "Jasper's friend, Edward, is coming straight from work. Hopefully, you both will get there on time, since you both are walking back down the aisle together. I hope you get along with him; I know how frigid you are at times. Jessica with be walking with Mike, of course, and Rosalie with Emmett. Too bad you don't have a significant other; you aren't getting any younger." I bit my tongue as she went on. Her words hurt me, and, even though I wanted to stand up to her...I never did. "I'm not frigid. I'm more selective," I said quietly. She continued on talking as if I didn't say anything. I finished my lunch as she talked on and on; I literally just had to nod my head. Then, she finally finished, and we got up to leave. "Bella, I'm so glad you were able to come with me to lunch. I do so miss our girl time. I'll see you tomorrow night," she said in her sickeningly sweet voice as she kissed my cheek. "See ya," I said as I got in my car, and watched her pull away. I ran my hand through my hair as my phone pinged. I grabbed it, and I looked down to see a message from AC. AC89: Hi I hope you have a good rest of the day and evening. I'm looking forward to talking to you tonight.. Just message me, and I'll be there. :) I smiled at my phone. How can someone I've never met make me feel so much better? MS90: Hi, I look forward to talking to you, too, later. Have a good evening. AC89: :) MS90: ;) I drove back to work, and the rest of the day seemed to go by pretty quickly as I answered the phones, and did some billing. It wasn't long before it was time to head home. I only hoped that tomorrow, and the wedding, flew by. I had several messages from Alice throughout the afternoon about Jessica wanting to get together, but I declined. I didn't want to spend any more time with Jessica and Alice than I had to; Alice by herself could be a little much, but add in Jessica, and it really was too much. I didn't mind Rosalie, since she wasn't as fashion conscious as the other two. Rosalie was beautiful and dressed nicely, but she didn't feel the need to berate others and make them feel like less of a person. Alice and Jessica tended to do that more often than compliment you. I know that Alice might be a little ticked off about me declining, but I had better things to do tonight than listen to them all evening. I grabbed my stuff, and headed to the elevator. I leaned back against the wall, and thought about AC; how could I have feelings for someone that I haven't even met or seen before. I must truly be crazy. Once the elevator stopped, I walked to my car, and got in. I stopped off at Subway and picked up dinner, along with cookies for dessert, and then continued on to my house. I parked in the driveway, grabbed my stuff, and went inside. As I set my stuff down on the table, my phone started ringing. I looked down at it, and saw that it was Alice. I decided not to answer it, and let it go to voicemail. I didn't have to explain my decision of not wanting to go out with them tonight, and I didn't want to hear her berate me for it. So, I ignored the call, and went to get changed before I settled in for the night. I went up to my bedroom, and got changed into my pajamas, then I went downstairs to eat dinner. I turned on the tv for background noise, and ate my dinner while I looked on Facebook. There were many posts from Alice and Jessica. I just scrolled over them as I continued my search. I looked over some other friends' posts and looked at the comments on the pictures that Alice posted. She always had to say something about people's clothes, or just people in general. I was not looking forward to the rehearsal dinner, or the wedding really. I know she'll be in bitch mode for sure. I sat on the couch, and looked at the tv for a while before I checked to make sure that the doors were locked, and then I went upstairs to my bedroom to get ready to talk to AC at 9. I hope that he was as anxious to chat with me as I was to chat with him. I got my computer, and logged into the site as I got comfortable in my bed, and sent a message to him. MS90: Hi, how are you? Hope you are doing well. It didn't take him long to respond back. AC89: I'm good; how about you? MS90: Okay, here. How was your day? AC89: Good. Yours? MS90: Fine, but a bit irritating in parts. AC89: Aww.. I hope it's better now. My favorite part of the day is when we chat. I feel I can be myself with you. ( I hope that doesn't sound too weird.) MS90: It is better now. I agree; this is my favorite time, too. I like chatting with you, I too, feel like I can be me. (It doesn't sound weird to me) AC89: Good, I thought I was the crazy one :) MS90: Nope, even though my friend, who's getting married, would probably think I'm insane for chatting with you online without knowing who you are. AC89: Yeah, I'm sure some of my friends would think I'm crazy, too. But, I'm fine with us chatting as long as you are. I'm sure, when the time feels right, we can talk on the phone. But, I think it's fun getting to know each other this way first. MS90: I'm good with us talking online. Anything in particular you'd like to talk about tonight? AC89: Hmm... so many things. Let's see, we can talk about what we both like and don't like. MS90: Oh very high schoolish of you; are you sure you're not in high school?" AC89: I can assure you that I am 27 years old, see attached photo of my birthdate on my license. I looked at it; he had covered his name and address. MS90: Okay, you are as old as you said you are. I am 26, and here's my license to prove it. AC89: Sweet, now I know you have brown eyes. MS90: That is unfair, I didn't cover that info like you did. AC89: Sorry, if it makes you happy, I have green eyes. MS90: So what kind of questions shall we ask? AC89: Fun questions, I'll go first. What is your favorite color? MS90: I like green, blue, and black. You? AC89: My favorite is blue. MS90: What do you like to do? AC89: I like to read, play music, as well as listen to it. You? MS90: I like to read, draw, and listen to music. Do you have a girlfriend? AC89: Not at the moment. You? A boyfriend, I mean. MS90: No, no boyfriend. No pets. Do you have any pets? AC89: Nope, no pets here, either. MS89: If you could go anywhere in the world, where would it be? AC90: I think I would love to the Fiji Islands and spend at least two weeks with the girl of my dreams. You? MS90: I'd love to tour Italy with someone special, and spend a lazy weekend in the Tuscan hills. AC89: Sounds nice. MS90: What does your dream girl look like? AC89: To me, it's all about what's inside than the outside. MS90: So inner beauty is more important to you than looks. AC89: Definitely, what is your dream guy like? MS90: A sweet, loving, fun guy, someone who loves me for me. Not interested in superficial things.