The Sum of Us Story summary "There's nowhere you can be that isn't where you're meant to be." Life is just a series of moments laid out for you by fate. Bella's about to find out that you can run, but you can't hide. Pairing Bella/Edward Rating M Word count 7,601 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Sum of Us "Bella, honey? Dinner's ready." Sighing, I toss my pencil aside and shake my aching hand out. I ball it into a fist and stretch my fingers out long, listening to the satisfying pops and clicks of my knuckles. With a groan, I reach over my head to stretch out my shoulders and arms, and it's only once I lift my head that I realize how late it is. The last time I looked up, the sun was streaming through my blinds, the light of a sunny afternoon washing through my bedroom. Now, it's dark, and the clock on my bedside table reads seven-thirty. I have no idea where the hours have gone. Blinking as my eyes adjust, I reach over to turn my desk lamp off. The bedroom is dark, save for the glowing stars stuck to the ceiling and a couple of almost-faded glow-in-the-dark stickers on the mirror. I roll my head on my shoulders, loosening up the stiff muscles, and wiggle my toes, trying to get the blood moving again. I can't even imagine how long I've been sitting in this one spot, hunched over the open book. The pencil sketches stare up at me, and as bleary-eyed as I am, I'm already itching to finish them. Instead, I flip my sketchpad closed and tuck it into a box between university textbooks and about a dozen other worn old sketchbooks. Downstairs, my family is already sitting at the table, and as I take a seat between my dad and younger brother, I realize this may well be the last dinner I have at this table for some time. Suddenly the idea of moving to the other side of the country isn't quite as exciting, and my stomach tightens with a kind of achy fluttering, like excitement and fear and sadness all rolled into one. "All packed up?" asks my Dad. He smells like fir trees, diesel oil, and cold night air, and I have to resist the urge to lean over and bury my face in his flannel shirt. "Mostly," I reply, congratulating myself on how smoothly I lie. He doesn't need to know I got caught up drawing and haven't packed a single thing for hours. "Just a few bits and pieces left." Mom smiles as she passes me the mashed potatoes. "You have a smudge on your cheek," she whispers, gesturing to her cheekbone. I wipe the smear with one hand while taking the casserole dish with the other. Even after all these years, nothing quite compares to a family dinner. Years of living away from home, from my mom's roast dinner, has given me a new appreciation for a home-cooked meal. "You sleep okay last night?" asks Mom. "I heard you get up in the middle of the night again." "Had to grab the blanket from the hallway cupboard," I mumble around a mouthful of vegetables. "Cold?" spits my dad. "You left the heater on. Again. How could you be cold?" I shrug. "Not my fault." Mom reaches over to pat my dad's hand. "It was the same with you and I, Charlie. I'd wake in the middle of a stinking hot Phoenix night, shivering because somebody " — she raises an eyebrow at him pointedly — "decided to go skinny dipping in the lake again." My dad's moustache twitches as he hides a smile. "Yeah, well, your calls weren't always a ray of Phoenix sunshine either, you know." They share a knowing look full of you-know-what-I'm-talking-about , and then it's my mom who has to stifle a smile, her cheeks flushing. Seth groans in disgust. "You guys are gross. I hope I never get a call, ever." He dodges my mom's kisses as she leans over to grab him. "You'll change your mind in a few years," she says. "Just you wait." With a shake of his head, Seth rolls his eyes and continues eating. Luckily for him, he's got a few years before he has to worry about it. It begins the day we turn eighteen. Called The Connection , it's the tether between two people whose futures are intertwined. For my parents, it was music. One single six-note melody whispered into both set of ears. My father whistled the tune like a bad song stuck in his head one day as he walked into a Seattle gas station, and my mother, the girl behind the counter, hummed it right back, and the rest is history. In the beginning, they're nothing but flashes—like remembering a dream in the middle of the day or inklings of a long-forgotten memory. But then the dreams start. Vivid but fleeting, like pieces of a movie reel fed into your brain out of order, the dreams are our biggest link to our other, our destiny. Scientists claim it evolved as a way for the human race to ensure its survival. Conspiracy theorists claim it's the work of chemicals in our food. Religious leaders claim the work of divine intervention. The rest of us just call it life. It was two weeks after my eighteenth birthday, and I was right here, sitting down to a family dinner, when I first felt it. At first, I thought it was nothing, a trick of the light. It felt like something pushing against the side of my vision, just out of focus. Then, in the middle of a conversation about price rises at the local Stop-n-Save, it was like the noise in the room quieted, and all I could hear was a voice in my ear. His voice. It was like my brain was skipping frequencies, when all of a sudden, I picked up his. My heart stopped dead in my chest, the hairs on the back of my neck stood up, and I felt a flush of warmth deep in the pit of my stomach. It felt like I was home. And it's not just the voice in your head, or the dreams. It's other things, too. Like sometimes, in the middle of a supermarket, I'll smell him. Clean, warm sheets and something deep and intimate that I can't name or even begin to describe. It's just a moment, like it's been caught on a phantom wind, and then it's gone. And at night, when I'm alone in my bed, teetering on the edge of sleep, I'll feel the weight of a body behind me, feel his body heat radiate against my back. Those nights are the best. Those are the nights I sleep right through. The nights I don't are the ones I draw. Until I turned eighteen, I couldn't draw a single thing. Stick figures were the extent of my artistic ability. To be really honest, I still can't draw. Ask me to sketch a fruit bowl or a landscape, and you'll be sorely disappointed. Ask me to draw him , and it's like my hands are someone else's. These days, I could probably close my eyes and draw the shell of his right ear or his thumb and forefinger without hesitation. I have books full of him—the arch of a strong brow, the nape of his neck, the mole that's tucked right beneath his hairline. But that's the problem with The Connection, it only gives you what it wants you to see. Because of this, I know him only in parts—small pieces of a whole. Never in my dreams, nor in the glimpses of him that are fed to me, have I seen his face in its entirety. Even so, I know deep in my bones that should he walk into a crowded room, I'd know him in an instant. For some, they wait their whole lives to meet the person on the other side of that connection—the other end of the line—while others wait just days. It's never the same for any couple. For me, it's been five years, almost to the day, since I first heard him. Five long years of waiting, but for now, I'm done waiting. I have to move forward and hope that fate works its magic to whatever end. I've been offered a job at a veterinary clinic outside of New York, which begins in just four short weeks. I've got some of my things packed up, and I have a one-way flight to New York booked. Destiny is just going to have to work with me. My last night in Forks, once I finally have my life all packed up, I find myself sandwiched between my best girlfriends in our favorite bar. Of course, it's the only bar in town, but nevertheless, the crowd is always friendly, and the drinks are cheap. Beside me, Ange is frowning at her nachos, picking at the burnt ends of her corn chips. "I'm just sick of carrying her lazy ass, you know?" she moans. "I don't get paid enough to do her work and mine." "You need to tell Peter what's going on," suggests Alice. With a shrug and a sigh, Ange pushes what's left of her dinner away. "I know, but I'm trying to put off having that conversation. It is his wife we're talking about." Bree gives a sympathetic grimace. "So awkward." "Anyway, there's some guy named Ben from the Seattle office coming up next week. I'll try to find some time to talk with him about it. Hopefully, he can—" And just like that, the hairs on the back of my neck rise, and like light slicing through the mist, I hear his laughter cut through the noise of the bar. It feels like he's right beside me, like his voice is a soundtrack made specifically for me, for my ears alone. The sound of his laugh makes my lips curl up into a smile, and I'm dying to know what makes him laugh like that. "You okay?" My eyes flicker to Alice and then to Bree and Ange, all three of whom are now looking at me. Chuckling, I nod my head. The dreams, the flashes, the echoes of a voice in your head, they're like vibrations along the connection line, calls you're unable to answer, messages meant only for you. My friends understand, just as I do, that when you get these calls, there's nothing you can do but enjoy them. Alice squeezes my hand beneath the table, smiling, and as quickly as it appeared, the call is gone again, the noise of the bar tumbling back into my brain. "Do you ever wonder if they're getting a call at the same time?" asks Bree, her lips tinted blue from the horrendous cheap cocktail she's drinking. "What do you mean?" Bree shuffles forward in her seat a little. "Okay, so like yesterday, I was at the baseball game with my brother. And I'm eating a hot dog with everything—mustard, pickles, onions, everything —when all of a sudden, mid-chew, all I can taste is toothpaste." "Ew," says Alice, her nose screwed up with a look of distaste. "So I'm wondering, since I can taste his toothpaste, can he taste my hot dog?" The three of us fall quiet, lost in thought. "I'm not sure what's worse," I say after a moment. "Toothpaste-flavored hot dog, or hot-dog-flavored toothpaste." "Oh, my God," cackles Ange, her eyes wide. "Do you think he can taste it when I'm sucking Garrett's dick?" Bree spits her cocktail all over the table, covering her mouth with a napkin as she coughs. "Hussy!" "Prude." "Ugh," says Alice. "Dick-flavored anything is definitely worse than hot-dog-flavored toothpaste." The table erupts into laughter, earning a few looks from the table