Target Story summary: Bella's parents were murdered when she was a child at the hands of a Vampire. Nothing will stand in her way as she searches for her Target. AU Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word count : 6,083 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Target Hit the target. Hit the target. Hit the target. I miss. Shit. "You're not focusing. Do it again." I take a deep breath, rolling my shoulders. Raising the bow, I pull the arrow back and hold it, letting the power seep through my fingers. It snaps by my head with a whoosh , striking the board just an inch off the small red dot in the centre. Again. "Damn it," I hiss. "Try again." Carlisle orders. "We've been at this for five hours. I need to rest." I sigh, dropping the bow and bag of arrows to the ground. "Evil never rests, Bella." "God, could you stop for like, 5 minutes and give me a break?" I crack my neck. "I work my ass off every day at this." "For retribution. For justice." He intterupts me, stepping away from the tree with his arms folded. "Right," I agree. "But I'm burnt out. I'm exhausted." We've been at this training shindig since I was fifteen. My aunt didn't even know until a few months ago, and the only reason she accepted it is because I'm eighteen and legal. Doesn't mean she likes it, though. Why would she want to watch the only family she has put themself in harms way intentionally? I have no choice though. When Carlisle clued me in on what goes on in the darkness of our sleepy little town, what had really happened to my mother and father, I had no choice. I was in. Now though, now I'm just tired. "Vampires don't rest, Bella. They hunt, feed. They kill ." He emphasizes, giving me the same old speech he's been giving for the past three years. "I get it, okay? But this is non negotiable." I tell him, crossing my arms. "My grades went to shit because of all of this. I'm lucky I'm even graduating in two months." Carlisle nods to himself, bypassing what I've said altogether. "Fine." I huff, holding up my hands. "But tonight? Tonight I'm going home. I'm going to have dinner with Alice and a nice, long soak in a tub of ice." That cracks a smile out of him. "Okay, but be here straight after school tomorrow." "Training or hunting?" I ask, pulling on my hoodie. "Hunting." I nod, and no more is said as I trudge through the trees and away from the old shack. . . . . It's late when I get back. I open the door quietly, treading lightly on my toes through the hallway to the kitchen. My shoulders drop when I see Alice sat at the kitchen table, back straight and arms folded. "Dinner was hours ago," She murmurs, her back to me. "Smells great." I say softly, kissing her on the cheek before heading for the microwave. "Bella, this can't keep happening." I pull the warm slice of lasagne out and sit down across from her. She gets up almost immediately, pulling the leftover salad from the refrigerator and places it in front of me. "I'm sorry." I sigh. "Carlisle's just been working me hard lately." "I dont like this." She chastises. "He's got you working so hard." "Thats the way it has to be." I shrug, digging into my plate. "No, it doesn't." She closes her eyes and rubs her temples. "Your mom would've kill me if she knew I was letting you do this." I instantly feel like shit. Alice was barely twenty when I was placed in her custody, but she'd fought like hell to make sure I didn't go into the foster system. As the only family member left, we were closer than most aunties and nieces. She knew my every secret and I knew hers. She was more like a big sister to me, but when needed, she could turn on the motherly act. If she hadn't seen the bloody aftermath of my mom and dads death, she probably would have said what everyone in town said. A robbery gone wrong. I knew better and now, so did she. I try to change the subject. "No Jasper tonight?" "He left an hour ago." Jasper is her on again off again boyfriend. They met in college, but from what Alice tells me he's not the type to commit. I think it's Alice who isnt ready. He comes over every now and again to fix things around the house. He'll have dinner with us and watch a movie before heading home. Then he comes back when I go to my room. I know because I see him sneaking in as I'm slipping out my bedroom window for a hunt. I drop my fork to the plate, full and satisfied, but aching. "Thanks Ali. I'm gonna go run a bath." "I mean it, Bumblebee." She places her chin in her hand and looks up at me imploringly. "We're going to talk more about this tomorrow." "Okay." I nod and shuffle out the room. True to what I told Carlisle my bath is ice cold, just the way I like it. I lower my bruised body into the frigid water, taking deep breaths as I go before finally settling. This is where Alice would definitely pull the plug on my training with Carlisle. If she saw the bruises on my thighs and knees, the blackish purple beneath my ribs, or the fingerprints on my upperarms from when that one bloodsucker got a good grip on me last week. But like my mentor sais; For Justice, it's worth it. . . . "Did you see the new guy today? Oh em gee, he's so hot." Kate is asking beside me whilst Rosalie rolls her eyes. "He's not the new guy anymore." She shrugs, picking at her nails. "He's been here like, over a month now. He's okay, I guess." "Whatever. Just because you're dating Emmett big balls McCarty doesn't mean you dont have eyes." Kate huffs. "This guy is so cute." I slam my locker closed, rubbing my tired eyes. I manage to yawn out a "Oh yeah?" on our way to first period English. "Why are you so tired, anyway?" Rose asks, falling into step beside me. "Late night," I mutter. More like late nights . "He has these bright green eyes and he's tall and just so pretty..." Kate rambles on. I zone out. I slump into my seat, watching as Mr Banner hurriedly sets up his lesson plan. Rose sits in front of me and Kate sits to her left. My head falls to the desk as I hear the chair behind me drag out. Kate's gasp is audible, and if my eyes weren't closed I'd roll them. "Thats him!" She whispers. "Attention to the front, please." Mr Banner calls and I sit up straight, taking in a deep breath. Sweet, sickiningly so, the scent hits me like a ton of bricks and my spine stiffens. If it weren't for the twenty or so students surrounding me I'd have my silver stake pulled from my bag and pierced through his chest. I spin in my seat and my eyes lock onto his green ones, staring right back at me. It makes no sense. I've never seen one with human coloured eyes. They're always bright red, or a hungry black when they've not fed. But this guy looks...normal. If it weren't for the smell I wouldn't have known. Too bad he reeks of the sweetest kind of candy. He stinks of death. He smirks at me and somehow the breath is knocked for my chest. It's eerily familiar, yet not. I glare at him and he pouts his lips out in a kiss before leaning forward. I lean back so fast my back hits the desk and Rosalie's chair gets bumped. "Dude, what the hell?" She whispers. I dont turn, my eyes still on him. He moves his eyes to Kate. "Hey." She turns slowly, wide eyed. He passes her a note, his leather jacket stretching to reveal a pale, muscular forearm. My eyes linger on the spot as he pulls back. "Yeah, sure." Kate smiles and I snap my eyes to her. She winks at me and turns back to face the front of the class. I follow suit, my mind racing as the boy behind me laughs under his breath. . . . "Where's Kate?" I pant, catching up to Rose. She pulls her face away from Emmett's to mutter. "I dont know." "Hey Bella." Emmett waves before pushing my friend up against her locker as he attempts to eat her face. When English class had ended I was vaguely aware of being stood up beside Rosalie and Kate outside of class. The next thing I remember I was sitting in the cafeteria. That's when his words came back to me. "Kate is going to come with me now. You two are going to head to your next class and say nothing more about it. Forget we've spoken." Bastard. What was that? "I gotta go." I mutter to Rose as I pull out my phone to call Carlisle. I'm through the large double entrance doors of Forks High School and running down the steps when he finally answers. "I've got one." I tell him heading towards my car. "You should have called me right away if you made a kill last night." He chastises me. "No, I mean today. He goes to my school." Theres a beat of silence and then, "I'm not following." "Carlisle, they can come out in sunlight. We were wrong." . . . . "What did he look like?" He asks me a few hours later as we're suiting up. "Uh...Tall, I think. Pale...Um..." My mind draws a blank and I'm confused. I remember him, I just can't seem to remember what he looks like. "Did you get a good look at him at all ?" Carlisle straps his axe across his back, raising an eyebrow at me. "Yeah, I did." I nod, tucking my hunting knife down the side of my boot. "He did something to me. It was like, he told me to go away and forget we'd spoken...and I did." This stops him. He stands stock straight and stares me down. "I dont know." I raise my hands. "That's what happened." "It's mind control." He informs me. When I just stand there he continues, "Some vampires can compel you to do what they want. In this instance it seems he's manged to compel you to forget him." "But I can still remember things about him." I stress, tucking my bag of arrows over my head to lay across my back. "He had green eyes." "Okay, thats not possible." Carlisle scoffs, slipping on his floor length leather jacket. The guy is pushing fifty but thinks he's so cool. Wesley Snipes he is not. "It is possible." I huff. "He has green eyes." "If we don't see him tonight, you'll need to collect more information on him at school." Carlisle sighs, pushing open the door of his little shack, leading us out into the dark woods. "For now, we have to focus on this task." "Got it," I nod, moving in the opposite direction of him and farther into the woods. This forest leads around the entire rim of Forks and goes on for miles. If I hand't lived here my entire life, I'd constantly be lost. Whereas I live closer to town, Carlisle built his house from scratch just on the outskirts leading to the woods, making it easy access for us. Reports of bear attacks over the past few weeks have been circulating through our town, but the attack is on the animal itself. Sherriff Black