Moonstone Story summary: The white sand seemed to glow in the moonlight and the ocean's waves looked calm and serene. It was there I found her and quickly fell under her spell. Pairing: Edward and Bella Rating: M Word count: 5262 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Moonstone I arrived at our family's resort, Rifugio di Esmeralda, for a relaxing trip with the guys before I got married. We hadn't been here since my grandmother's death, ten years ago. However, the trip started on a sour note that left me feeling anti-social. I stared blankly at the amber liquid in the glass in front of me; I swirled it before taking a sip. The burning alcohol coursed through my body but did little to distract my mind. What I thought was going to be an enjoyable vacation at our family's resort quickly turned to hell. "Edward, this is Victoria," Emmett said, interrupting my brooding. I glanced up at the flaming redhead in a skimpy sundress who was now standing at my side. She had a nice figure, but her violet eyes seemed harsh and cold. My brother and our friend, Jasper, thought that if I had a fling, I could then put everything behind me. However, that wasn't the case. I was never the type of guy to use a woman loosely before, and I wasn't about to start now. Jasper had respected my request and bought me a drink. Emmett, however, was insistent on finding me a girl. "Nice to meet you. If everyone would excuse me, I'm going to go for a run on the beach," I said standing. "I could come with you," Victoria purred, placing her manicured hand on my chest. Her nails reminded of the talons of a raptor trying to capture her prey. "As nice as that offer is, I'm going to have to pass." I half-scowled as I gently removed her hand. "But I'm sure Emmett will buy you a drink." Emmett looked at me worriedly, probably thinking his girlfriend, Rose, would kill him if she found out. It serves him right for not listening to me when I said that I wasn't interested in a setup. It only took a second for her to turn away from me and latch onto his arm, pressing herself up against him. He cast me a pleading look, which I ignored. I walked out of the bar and onto the nearly deserted beach. The air was still warm, but less humid. The white sand seemed to glow in the moonlight while the ocean's waves looked calm, and serene. I started running, heading for an area of large rocks further down the beach. It was a place I liked to go, just around the bend on the eastern side of the island. I jumped up onto the reef; watching out for slick seaweed or unbalanced stones that would send me tumbling into the surf. I kept going further out on the jetty until I was at the tip. The waves below crashed roughly into the barrier, spraying me with the salt water before being pulled back leaving swirling pools behind. "You're not going to jump are you?" a musical voice said startling me. "No. Where are you?" I glanced around not seeing the honey-voiced speaker. "Down here, to your left," she directed. I looked down to see a girl, about my age sitting on a rock dangling her feet just above the water. She had dark brown hair and wide, curious eyes to match. She was wearing a simple, blue bikini top and a flowing green skirt that was dampened at the bottom by the ocean. My eyes were drawn to a glowing white stone hanging around her neck by a thick chain. She was breathtakingly beautiful—almost surreal. "Sorry, I didn't see anyone out here." I apologized. "What are you doing here all by yourself?" "It's a beautiful night and the ocean is so peaceful." She smiled shyly at me. "And yourself? You look like you have the weight of the world on your shoulders." "It's complicated." I grimaced. "Would you like to talk about it? Sometimes it helps to vent," she offered. I hesitated and ran a hand through my thick hair. I had no idea who this girl was; yet I felt comfortable in her presence. "Okay, but feel free to tell me to shut up at any time." I made my way toward her and sat nearby. "First things first; I'm Edward." I held out my hand. "Nice to meet you, Edward; I'm Bella." Her hand felt warm and soft when I shook it compared to the cold, harsh one I touched earlier. "I came here, along with my brother and friend, to celebrate my impending marriage. Unfortunately … or fortunately, I'm not sure which, but when I arrived, I walked in on my fiancée and her assistant in my bed." I had now vented my pent-up frustration. "So you loved her; however, they were in love, and they hurt you by being together," she concluded. She reached out sympathetically and touched my shoulder. "Not exactly. I wasn't in love with her. It was going to be a marriage of convenience. Our families are business partners and wanted this union," I explained. "Oh…I see." However, she looked perplexed but nodded anyway. "Well, maybe it's a blessing in disguise. Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but I believe people should marry only out of love. Perhaps it was better to have happened now than later." "How old are you, Bella?" I asked. She looked youthful and had an innocence that illuminated her, almost as if she were glowing. I found her refreshing. "I am eighteen, and you?" she answered then swung her feet as a wave hit them. "Twenty-five. And for the record, people don't always marry out of love," I explained to her. She smiled strangely and gave a small shrug. She looked up at the moon, letting the light hit her face as though they were rays of sunshine instead of moonbeams. "True, but those marriages don't work, or the people in them are miserable. I wasforced to marry a horrible, abusive man, but I couldn't go through with it. I'm glad I didn't, even if the repercussions altered my life forever," she commented lightly, looking back at me. "I can see where that could be true. Tanya did seem remorseful about it. What gets me was the lying; I wish she had been honest and told me the truth. It wasn't as though I would've forced her to marry me. If she was happier with Eric I would've understood," I admitted. "No one enjoys being lied to." Her fingers touched her necklace as she glanced out at the ocean. I wagered a guess that Bella had been deceived before. I was curious to find out who would hurt such a beautiful girl; was it the abusive man she was supposed to marry? Was she hiding out on the island to keep away from him? I felt a swell of anger and protectiveness. I knew she didn't know me well enough to tell me yet so I would have to gain her trust. "What type of stone is that? It almost looks as if it glows," I asked about her necklace. "This is a moonstone. It was my grandmother's." She looked down at it fondly. "It's exquisite just like its owner," I complimented. A light blush filled her cheeks. "You're very sweet as well as handsome." We talked for hours about everything and nothing. There were even periods of time we sat together in silence. It was the best night of my life. Dawn was breaking; the stars were disappearing, and the sky was turning from gray to pink when she stood quickly. "I didn't realize it was so late or early… I should go." She turned very pale and started to act nervous. "Can I walk you back?" I stood slowly; my legs stiff from sitting so long. "Thank you, but I'll be fine." She turned me down, making my heart thud unevenly in my chest. As she rushed away, she stumbled up the rocks. I hurried to help her get to the sand before she was hurt in her haste. "Can I see you again?" I asked not letting go of her hand. I had to see her again. I wasn't ready to let her go. She paused, seeming unsure. She gazed up at the waxing moon as if held the answers for her. "As long as the moon shines then you may find me here on the beach at night." It seemed like a strange parting—almost poetic, yet cryptic. Before I could ask, she rose on her tiptoes and kissed my cheek, her lips felt like a whisper against my skin. "I enjoyed talking with you, Edward. I hope to see you again." Her eyes lingered on mine for a moment that was filled with hope. "Wait!" I reached for her. "I can't, sorry." She looked apologetic; she turned and darted in the opposite direction from me. Bella must be staying at one of the nearby resorts, or maybe one of the few year-round houses on the island. I watched her for a moment before starting my way back. I glanced once over my shoulder, and she was gone from view. I entered the cabin quietly, not wanting to wake my brother or Jasper. Luck wasn't on my side as both were sitting on the couch looking wide-awake, dressed for a day on the beach. Jasper gave his watch an over exaggerated look. "What are you doing sneaking in at this hour young man?" he scolded with a smirk on his face. "Who are you, my dad?" I retorted. "Hell, no." Jasper snorted in disdain. "Did you score some pussy, bro?" Emmett waggled his eyebrows. "Don't be crude. And no, I sat out on the beach watching the waves until the sun started to come up," I explained while kicking off my shoes. I wasn't feeling tired earlier, but now I was ready for a good night's sleep or day; I suppose. "Do you believe that?" Jasper looked at Emmett. "Nope." Emmett shook his head. "Well, that's all you're going to get from me. I'm going to sleep." I headed to my room; hoping that housekeeping had been here after yesterday's fiasco. "Wait, I thought we were taking out the wave runners." Emmett looked disappointed. "We still can, but this afternoon." I yawned and closed my door behind me. O That evening, as soon as the sky was dark, I went for another run. I was happy to see Bella waiting on the rocks for me. A smile lit her face as soon as she saw me, and my heart rate started to race. "You came back." She stood excitedly. She made her way to me quickly but began to slip on the damp rocks. I rushed forward, caught her, and then held her in my arms a moment longer than necessary. I placed her on her feet beside me then took hold of her hand. "I wanted to see you again," I admitted. Bella looked up at me through her long eyelashes, and I felt pulled towards her. Never before had I felt a strong attraction to a woman. Nevertheless, this fascinating, angel-like woman before me had entangled me under her spell in a mere day. She paused, looking up at me. I looked her in the eyes gauging her reaction as I leaned in for a kiss. Our lips met, softly and tenderly. Her lips moved gently against mine—they tasted of sweet fruit. It was a chaste kiss but left me desiring more, as my body became aroused by intoxication. That was the first night I kissed my angel. O The next few days fell into a pattern. I slept the morning away, hung out with Jasper and Emmett in the