Falling for the Con Summary : Tropical Islands, high class resorts, wild nightlife, while some would say this sounds like a perfect vacation, Isabella Swan sees it as the perfect place to find her next mark. Pairing Bella/Edward Rating : M Word Count : 7,737 Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Falling for the Con Forks, Washington, present day Gravel crunches under my tires and my heart pounds in my chest. I put my car in park and pull the e-brake, all the while trying to convince myself to just do it. Quick like a band-aid. It'll hurt less that way. On legs that feel more like jello than muscle, I get out and shut the door. No point in locking the car when you're in the police chief's driveway. It's been five years since I've been here, but nothing has changed. The same tree is in the front yard, same crappy white paint on the house, only it's duller now. Even daddy's car is the same as when Rose and Alice kidnapped me for a girls week all those years ago. What was to be a week away turned into a whole new life for me. I became a different woman, one that lied, cheated, swindled, bribed, and blackmailed. Damn it was fun while it lasted. I turn around and smile at my 2016 Twilight Blue Corvette and wonder how in the hell I'm ever going to stop. I can spot a car dealer from a mile away now and know just how to wrangle my way into his heart and then my new car. With a quick knock so I don't get shot, I open the door of my childhood home and walk in. Vitamin R in hand, feet up on the coffee table, rocking a flannel shirt and porn stache sits my father screaming at the football game on television. "Come on in, babe. What took you so long?" He asks and turns to face me. Jerking back like he got hit with a cattle prod he stammers and tries to say my name. "Hi, Daddy. Long time no see, huh?" I wave with one hand and immediately put it in my back pocket. We've never been much for physical affection and resisting the urge to hug him hurts. I need my dad. I want to smell his awful Old Spice Aftershave and feel loved. The only love I've ever known was real. Jumping up and spilling his beer, he takes giant strides and I match them with my own. He wraps me in a hug and kisses the top of my head. "Never again. You hear me? You never leave me that long again." Sniffling into his Seahawk T-shirt, I nod and try to keep my breath even. Tears run down my cheeks and I choke back sobs. "Who were you expecting?" I ask as I wipe my tears and nose on my sleeve. He pats my back and mumbles a barely audible, "Sue." "Sue? As in Sue Clearwater?" I remember her daughter Leah. We were close in age and would talk when dad did stuff with her dad Harry. Sue was always quiet but sweet. She would offer to braid my hair and even tried to teach Charlie how to once since my mom wasn't around. "Um. Yeah. Since Harry died and all and we were both alone and...well." He's so nervous it's cute. "I forgot about Harry passing, that was what, like four years ago?" I ask and try to remember where I was then. I remember getting his voicemail and using my crying to get the guy I was with to give me money for a plane ticket home. Of course I didn't come home, I went to a different resort after he dropped me off at the airport and met a married man with a yacht that led me to why I'm back here. It led me to Anthony, or Tony, or Masen, or whatever fucking name he was using that day. Dad's heavy hand on my shoulder snaps me back to reality, "It's been about that long. Are you okay with this?" "With you and Sue?" I ask and can't help but smile. "Of course, Dad. It's really none of my business anyway." Even his mustache can't hide his frown. He pulls his hand back and picks up his beer from the table where he left it. "You're always my business, kid." "What brings you home? It's been quite some time." He's trying to act all natural, but is failing miserably. He's a cop, his job is to get information out of people without them knowing. I nod and yawn. Suddenly I feel exhausted. I'm so relieved to be here, be with him, I could sleep for days. There's no safe way to answer his question, no easy way to explain where I've been or why I'm running, or who I ripped off to get back home. So I answer with the only truth I have. "It has been a long time." "You look tired. Why don't you go on up and take a nap. We can talk later." The way he says later I know I'm fucked. There's no getting out of this. He wants an explanation I can't give without ending up in jail for extortion. "That would be great. Thanks, Dad. I'm really happy to be home." He's stiff now, unlike a few moments ago when he couldn't wait to hug me. He's probably hoping I'm not like my mother. Sadly for me, I'm not. I'm a hell of a lot worse than she ever was. He grins, but he's still studying me. "Your room's still there. Just move whatever is in your way." I turn to head up the stairs and yell out a quick, "thanks." Opening the door, I'm expecting to see my purple comforter, my little desk by the window, and all the packages I've sent myself. Fuck, I forgot all my shit was here from when I left Jake. Boxes of china, glasses, a blender. I have a whole fucking kitchen and enough packages to fill a mail truck in my room. I step in and realize dad started using my desk to make fly-fishing lures and there is a pile of rods in the corner. With a huff I push all the shit off my bed. Even if it breaks, I don't really care at this point. The girl that registered for those things and took the time to carefully pick it all out is long gone. I'm her replacement and this shit will be at the Goodwill tomorrow. I don't intend on living with Charlie, either, but I had to start somewhere. Five years in hotel rooms and boats makes a girl want a place to call her own. I didn't bring my bags in, so I strip down to my t-shirt and underwear and crawl in bed. It smells stale but not dirty. I'll throw everything in the wash later. Right now I need sleep. The first genuinely restful sleep I've had in a long time. Living by lying to everyone around you isn't easy. I lived in constant fear that I'd get too drunk, fall too far asleep, and say something to reveal my true identity. I was Elizabeth, Beth, Bee, Marie, Marie, not a single person knew my real name. I promised myself to never get in a situation I couldn't get out of and I never have. My mom didn't teach me much other than to date guys who buy you stuff, but she taught me I always had an out. I understood she and dad weren't happy and they chose to go their separate ways. To her living a day unhappy was wasting her life away. "We were made to be happy Bella! It's your life, change it!" She'd always tell me. Bed times, school work, she didn't care, she just wanted me to do what made me happy. I was always a good student, though, despite her trying to get me to skip to travel the world. That's why I came to live with Charlie, she needed to be free and I knew it. *FFTC* The Caribbean, four years prior "Girlie, I've never seen you drink like this, you sure you alright?" Sam asks as he leans on the bar, looking me over. I finish the last of my beer and slam the empty bottle down. "I'm doing just fine, don't you worry. Would you be a dear and get me another, though?" I light a cigarette and take a look around the bar. It's a small local joint I hang out in fairly often. Sam and I have an agreement that If I ask for any mixed drink, I'm "working" and he needs to give me just juice, but he's to make my companion's drinks extra strong. Somehow he never remembers that I was here, slipping him a hundred dollars a night helps him forget. I make sure I don't see any familiar faces and look over my shoulder at the other side of the room. There he is, the guy I know, like myself, sure as hell isn't local but isn't a tourist either. I've seen him out on the dock a few times so he must do something with boats. His hair has been bleached by the sun to the oddest shade of red, it's almost bronze, and what I wouldn't give to grab a handful of it while I had my way with him. He's slim, but toned, not like one of those muscley guys who think they are every woman's dream. His button down shirt is open and his shorts ride so low I can see his glory trail. He's nothing like the usual old, heavy, middle-aged men I spend my time with. I turn around the second his green eyes meet mine, and keep to myself. The thing I have going here is good. I don't want to blow my cover next time I come in with some dude I have convinced this is my last day of vacation to get him to by me new clothes, pay for my stay, generally rip off for the next week. If this guy would say anything about seeing me around, it won't work. I tip Sam, pay for my drinks, and fumble for another smoke as I head for the door. Back to the dock for me tonight, until I figure out how to get out of having a boat. It seemed like a good idea at the time. After a week of being with Jimmy and collecting plenty of videos, he either signed it over or I was going to his wife to show her how well his "business trip" was going. He signed it over when he realized I had copied all the contacts out of his phone. Once it was settled and he was back stateside, I sent her a message explaining that her husband is a piece of shit. By that time, it would be my word against his, and being that no one was dead the cops wouldn't care enough to investigate. We both won in the end, she hated sailing, he told me that the first night I met him at the bar and noticed the mark from his wedding ring. I had him hooked within five minutes. I told him all about how I grew up around boats and always secretly dreamed of having sex on the deck in the middle of the ocean. He was way too happy to oblige, and too stupid to think videoing sex with a stranger was a good idea. Poor dumb bastard never saw it coming. As I'm leaving, someone places their very large warm hand on my lower back just above my denim cut-offs, and quickly stops me from turning around. I know it's him without looking.