Into You by: Bittersweet Escape Summary: The social outcast and beloved jock are very different people behind closed doors. Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word count : 5,053 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Into You You're so cool. I'm not sure I'll ever be able to admit that to you face to face, but you are. Watching you around school, you just ooze something... more . I don't know. It's stupid really, makes me sound like a fan girl, which I'm totally not. You have enough girls hanging off of your balls at school. Everyone loves you. The star quarterback, dangerous kid that likes to drive fast and drink hard. The untouchable boy that everyone wants to get close to. But none of that is what makes you cool. No. What makes you cool is how you're above it all. Above the drama of high school. Above the girls with too much make up and the boys who live in your shadow. You're past it, and ready to move onto other things. Bigger things. Lets face it, everyone knows you're going to leave this shitty town and do something amazing. I know it more than anyone, and that makes me sad, because I'll still be here. In this small town, like the rest of the regulars. I wish I could come with you. Be what's expected of a girl hanging off the arm of Edward Cullen. But I could never compromise myself that way, never be the blonde with glassy eyes and perfect skin. I can only be me, dark haired with black rimmed eyes, ready to smack everyone in the face with my reality. So I'll hang back, and privately soak up the aura you put out. And while you parade around your perfectly curled hair, flawlessly skinned girlfriend, I'll remain your hidden secret. Because I'm so lost in your cool. . . . I'm panting, my breath coming out ragged, no doubt from the screaming he had to muffle with your hand. He's not much better though. Breath gone, sweat covered and laying next to me in my bedroom. "I called you earlier." He says. "I know. I was working." I wipe the sweat from my face, cringing when black liner smears onto my hand. "You looked amazing today." He smiles over at me, a hand resting lazily over my stomach. "You didn't see me today." I roll my eyes. "Yes, I did." He moves closer. "I was at my locker with Rosalie when you were trying to shove your huge ass bag into your locker." "Oh." I stiffen at the mention of Rosalie. "I was seriously up for dragging you to the janitors closet." He laughs, placing a kiss on my neck. I sit up, moving away from him. "Yeah, well. That would never have happened anyway with Rosalie there." "Yeah," He sighs, and I'm trying to decipher if its a sad sigh or a longing for his girlfriend type of sigh. "You should go." I say softly. "My dad gets home in twenty minutes. He says nothing, but gets up. I watch as he pulls on his jeans, socks and shoes, the muscles in his back flexing deliciously. His shirt comes next, making me smile. It's the ones I bought him a few months back, after he mentioned his love for Nine Inch Nails. I pull on underwear and my discarded shirt as he walks around my room humming to himself, touching random things strewn around the small area. "Call you tonight?" He ask, turning to face me. "Aren't you going to Emmett's party?" I ask. "Yeah, I'll still call you though." He shrugs. "Unless you're going?" I scoff. "Resident outcast, remember? Not invited." "Everyone's invitied. Emmett's cool." "I'll pass." I fold my arms. He sighs, but nods because he knows. Instead he pushes me up against the wall and plants his lips on mine, one hand on my hip, the other lingering on my neck. "Bye, Dark Girl." He whispers before heading out the door, a muted click behind him leaving me alone again. . . . Do you remember the night this all started between us? When I picked you up drunk on the side of the road? You were so wasted that night. Usually I'd never stop, but you literally could barely walk. When you asked me to take the long way home I did, and every drunken question you had I found myself answering. And when I pulled up outside of your house and you kissed me, I let you. I got lost in you. I remember thinking "He'll regret this tomorrow" But I just couldn't pull away. The taste of cheap beer and mint, and the softness of your lips drowned me in bliss. I've never felt anything like it, and I was content to let it go when you stumbled up to your house, just glad to have had that experience once. I never expected you to show up at my bedroom window the following night, stone cold sober. You kissed me, and told me you'd spent the day thinking about my lips. You stripped me bare and fucked me on my small twin bed, and I craved every inch of you. Then when you whispered "We can't tell anyone" I readily agreed. Because I couldn't imagine losing the feeling of that moment. Now though, its getting more impossible to hold on to. I feel you drifting when your there with me, even though you're completely present, and I know it's jealousy settling in. It's feelings occuring. And I'm so fucking confused, but I just can't stop. I can't stop, Edward. Can you? . . . "Did you bring your Bio homework?" Angela asks. "No, I forgot." I push around cold mashed potatoes my plate with a fork, ignoring the loud cafeteria. "Shit. I forgot to do it. I was hoping to get a copy of yours." She sighs. "Ben?" I guess. "It's been a busy weekend," She sighs dreamily. "Hey Bella!" I sigh, not turning as Jessica stanley's voice rings through the air. "Marylin Manson called. He wants his shirt back." Laughs ensue, Angela rolls her eyes and flips them the bird, her black pointed nails sharp as razors. I turn and smile sweetly. "That's okay. At least I don't have pig spunk injected into my face to make me flawless. Nice nose job, by the way. Not botched at all. " Jessica, red faced, sits down as Angela howls behind me. From the corner of my eye I see Edward snigger behind his hand. Rosalie smacks him on the shoulder before turning to console her friend whilst glaring my way. I go back to cold mashed potatoes. . . . Being teased is not something that has ever really annoyed or hurt me. If anything, it bored me. In this day and age, you'd think it would be perfectly normal for an individual to be just that. Individual. To have a their own sense of style. But I guess thats small towns for you. I've always been happy in my dark clothes. Ripped tights and chunky studded boots are like home to me. It's my comfort zone. Problem is that lately, that comfort is slipping away the more I'm with you. Seeing you, and being around you maes me realise how different we are. We have the same sense of humour. Movies tastes differ slightly, and your music ranges wide like my own tastes. But on the outside, we're worlds apart from each other. As time goes on, I'm starting to realise I don't want to be apart from you in anyway. You forever tell me how much it turns you on. My dark, short skirts and baggy ripped shirts. The knee high laced boots I wear constantly. Yet, still. I look at you in your designer jeans and shirts and wonder what it'd be like. To live in your world, and be like the girls you are surrounded by. But I could never lose myself over something so silly as styles and looks. Yet the thought still plays on my mind. . . . "You wanna go somewhere tomorrow?" He asks in a tired voice. I lean forward on the couch, phone between my shoulder and ear as I paint my toenails midnight blue. "Your room or mine?" I ask. "No, I mean out. Like outside." I pause, nail polish wand mid air. "We could go to Port Angelas, get some food." He continues. "Or there's this cool little store that does all these wintage collectables we could go to." "What about your girlfriend?" I try not to sound spiteful. "She's going to California with her parent's tomorrow for the weekend. I'm all yours." He sounds so pleased. I try to hide how elated I am. "Um, yeah. Sure. What if we're seen though?" "We won't be." He answers. Not what I was hoping for. "Okay." I go back to painting my nails, and can't even hide how dejected my voice has become. "What's wrong?" He asks. "Nothing." "Okay." he sais eventually. "I'll pick you up at noon? We'll go to-Oh, Hi babe." "Hi." Rosalie's sugar sweet voice echoes in the background, tensing my back straight. "I didn't know you were coming over." Edward tells her. "I wanted to see you before I leave." She sounds so fucking whiny, I want to throw up. "Are you busy?" "What? Oh, no. It's just Jasper. We're-" I hang up and toss the phone across the room, whilst he makes excuses for his hideaway secret across town. To his perfect girlfriend. Whom I hate. . . . One of your friends asked me out on a date today. Garrett just randomly asked me in class I wanted to go on a date with him. He's cute with his pretty blue eyes and dark brown hair. If I was a different person, I'd have said yes. If I'd have been sure it wasn't some kind of prank I may have gave in, went through with it. But then you walked by with Rose, both of you smiling hand in hand and it was anough to boil me inside out. I turned Garrett down and went to sit in Biology with Angela, silenty stewing inside. I'm getting tired of being so adrift when I'm not with you. . . . "Where are you planning on going after we graduate?" He mumbles as he kisses down my neck. "Huh?" I hum, my eyes closed and head thrown back as he nips and sucks on the tender skin behind my ear. "College?" He asks, leaning up to kiss me. "Seattle." I tell him, hands in his hair. "You've not tried anywhere else?" He sits up and away from me, on his knees between my legs. I sit up, flushed and confused. "I've pushed a few applications out to different places, but..." "I'm probably headed to Chicago. I haven't decided yet." He tells me, his eyes staring around my living room. "Are you okay?" I ask softly. "Yeah." He sighs, turning back to me. He pushes me back down onto the couch and flattens himself on top of me. "I'm always okay with you." . . . It pisses me off the way your dad treats you. When you told me about how hard he is on you, I don't quite think I'll ever really let that go. I mean, I know he loves you. It's in your voice when you talk about him, the admiration. I get that when I talk about Charlie. But the way Carlisle pushes you to have this perfect Ivy league image is just ridiculous. I get that he has this whole perfect family image and that he wants what is best for you, but sometimes it's hard to watch you trying to keep everything together. I've seen you crack. It's why you party hard, and where that bite in