Second Chances Story summary: A nobody . It was the perfect way to describe me. A barely-there person, not worth the effort it took to acknowledge, except for the times I served as a target for teasing. But I was sick of it. I was going to make something of myself—become a success. And if I ever had the bad fortune to come across Bella Swan again, she'd take one look at me and know I was a somebody . Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word count : 11,996 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Second Chances "Wait, not yet." I poked my head around the corner just far enough to see one stunningly-shaped female figure depart from the mob of chattering girls. The slim body glided across dull terrazzo floors and came to stop in front of a row of lockers. "Come on, Edward, I've got to get these deliveries made before lunch is over." I ignored Eric Yorkie's whining and made sure the coast was clear before giving him the go-ahead. "Don't smash my flower on your way over," I cautioned him as he readjusted the armful of individually labeled roses. "And make sure she knows to read the note before you leave." "Yeah, whatever," he grumbled. "If it's that big of a deal, deliver it yourself." The scathing glare I shot him was wasted on the back of his head as he shuffled down the hall. If I'd had the balls to do something like that, I would've approached her a long time ago. As in, four years ago—the first time I'd laid eyes on one breathtakingly perfect Isabella Swan. My family had just moved to the area from Chicago, and I was starting eighth grade at a brand new high school. As a shy, skinny geek, I kept to myself for the most part. No one seemed interested in getting to know me, and that was fine. I'd never been bothered by my social awkwardness before. But when I spotted the brunette angel raising her hand during roll call in the homeroom class we shared, I suddenly cursed my inability to talk to others like a normal human being. I guess it could be called lust at first sight, since it was her incomparable beauty that initially caught my attention. As the weeks and months went by, however, I found myself falling for her energetic personality, carefree laugh, and natural confidence. To me, she was everything a teenage guy could want. And as I'd have to painfully witness over the years, many of my classmates felt the same way. My heart ached every time I saw her flirting with someone or holding hands with whatever guy she was seeing at the time. She hadn't had a lot of boyfriends, I suppose, but each one was its own special brand of torture for me. So many times I imagined some movie-type scene taking place where I'd strut up to the flavor of the semester, drive a fist into his face, and walk away with the battle-won maiden on my arm. But even if I had been able to punch hard enough to cause damage to anyone but myself, it was a completely useless fantasy. I couldn't even stand within ten feet of her without thinking I was going to throw up; there was no way I'd be able to actually talk to her. I did manage to manage to pull off a few anonymous attempts at letting Bella know how I felt. Every so often, I'd see something in a store or out in nature that reminded me of her. I'd then find an inconspicuous way to give it to her, like leaving it on her desk right before class or sneaking it into her bag. She seemed to have a thing for penguins, especially baby ones, so my gifts were usually along that theme. Once, I saw a small stuffed penguin on a keychain in a claw machine and decided she had to have it. Half an hour and twenty dollars later, I finally got the stupid claw to drop it in the slot. But it was worth every penny when she clipped it to her backpack and left it there for the rest of the year. Part of me desperately wanted her to figure out who was behind the offerings. Her light bulb moment often starred in my daydreams of us getting together. The other part—the more sane part—was terrified that she would connect the dots. Because as long as my secret was safe, I didn't have to worry about the crushing blow of rejection. My hope could live on. But just before Valentine's Day during my senior year, I decided enough was enough. We'd soon be going to colleges on separate sides of the continent—me to Dartmouth, her to the University of Washington—and I figured I'd really regret not taking a chance. I would finally tell her the truth. The plan was simple. For the previous three Valentine's Days, I'd sent her a red rose with an unsigned card through the student government's Flower Sale fundraiser. But this time, I included my name and wrote a note to go with it. While I could've filled up pages on how I felt, I kept it simple, saying only that I thought she was amazing and that I'd liked her since freshman year. And then I asked her to Prom. Yeah, maybe I was been a teeny bit ambitious, but I figured by that point, I had nothing to lose. Based on the latest gossip I'd overheard, she'd broken up with Ethan and would probably go stag to the dance with a few of her friends. Latching onto any encouragement I could find, I took her newly single status as a sign that asking her was a good idea. In an ideal world, I would've popped the question in person, but I guessed she'd be more likely to yes if not covered by the contents of my stomach. So, the rose was paid for, the note had been penned, and now all I had to do was the survive the excruciating wait as Eric took his sweet time digging through the bundle of flowers in his arms to find the right one—I'd put it on top for god's sake! When he dropped my carefully sealed envelope on the floor, I wanted to groan in frustration, but kept quiet to stay hidden in my spying spot behind the soda machine. Bella didn't appear at all surprised by the rose. When she opened her locker, I saw why. Inside were a number of similar red flowers, haphazardly lying on top of her things as if she'd tossed them in the locker without looking. I almost closed my eyes, not sure if I could handle watching my heartfelt expression of love receive the same treatment. Eric shoved the note in her hand just as she was about to put the rose down. She glanced at it with confusion on her face. "What's this?" "Just read it," he replied curtly. "I gotta go. Oh, and happy Valentine's Day from the SGA." Brow adorably wrinkled, Bella opened the envelope and pulled out the folded paper inside. My heart thundered in my chest as I watched her read my words. I couldn't believe it was really happening, that she finally knew the truth. I held my breath and stared hard, not wanting to miss a single second of her reaction. But for all that, nothing happened. She turned the note over to see if anything was written on the other side, then folded it up again and put it back in the envelope. Not a single muscle on her face had twitched the entire time, and if I didn't know better, I'd think she was reading over a grocery list or something equally boring. "Hey, Bells, what'cha got there?" Jacob Black and a few of his friends walked toward Bella. They'd known each other since toddlerhood, and he'd been the first lucky guy to claim the title of boyfriend. I burned with envy every time I thought about him. My only solace was that they seemed to work better as friends than a couple. Unfortunately, however, he was one of her best friends, who also had no concept of personal space. Wrapping an arm around her shoulders, he pulled her close and then plucked the envelope out of her hand. "Oooh, is this some sort of love note from a secret admirer?" he taunted, waving it in her face. She jabbed him in the ribs and stepped away from him. "Actually, yes," she replied, rolling her eyes. "And I think he's the one who's been leaving me stuff all these years." "You finally found out who Lover Boy is?" The big tree of a guy actually gave a little hop as he eagerly rubbed his hands together. "Lemme guess: it's Sam, isn't it? I always knew it!" "Fuck you, Jay," his equally large friend retorted. "If I was into Bella, I wouldn't be a pussy about it like whoever that tool is." He nodded his head toward the envelope. "So, come on, spill already." The panic I'd been feeling increased to full-blown terror. I would've fled the scene, except all of me seemed to be frozen in place. The only thing that worked was my heart, which was revving dangerously close to redline. But when Bella shrugged indifferently, the straining muscle pretty much slammed to a stop. "I'm not sure who he is," she said. "Maybe it's a fake name or something. Have you heard of anyone named Edward Cullen?" "Oh my god, it's Cullen ?" Jacob shrieked, doubling over in laughter. "That's just so…so… classic !" "What? Tell me who he is, moron!" She had to raise her voice to be heard over the howling of Jacob and his friends. A guy named Quil recovered enough to answer her first. "How the hell can you not know someone in your own class?" he gasped, holding his sides. "It's not like there's a lot of us." Bella scowled at him. "What, is he new or something?" "Jesus, no, Bells." Jacob gaped openly at her. "Edward Cullen, you know—skinny, pale white dude…crazy hair…always staring at the ground? He's smart, I guess. Heard he got in early decision to Dartmouth." She shrugged again; I was beginning to sense a theme when it came to me. "Sounds like a loser. As if I'd ever be interested in someone like him. I didn't know the guy even existed for the past four years, but he asks me to Prom? Sure I'll say yes…in his dreams." "I'll bet you are in his dreams," leered Sam. "His shower, too…" Bella shuddered. "Eww, gross! What are you—twelve?" I didn't consider myself an emotional guy, but it took everything I had to keep the tears from forming. Not being able to stand hearing another word, I spun around and stumbled my way down the hall. But in my hurry to get away, I smacked into waist-high metal trash can and sent it clanging to the ground. The ringing sound drew everyone's attention, including that of Bella, Jacob, and his friends. "Ha! Looks like Cullen couldn't wait to get his answer about prom," Jacob guffawed loudly, his voice echoing off the walls. "Sorry, bro. Sucks that you've been in love with her forever, but she's not into you like that." "Or at all," Quil added slyly. "But at least she knows your name now…" I could practically feel the curious stares of the other students burning on my skin as my face flamed in embarrassment. Though there was no way to salvage the situation, I wasn't sure if it was better to keep my mouth shut or come up with something to say. A scene flashed through my head—one where Bella stood up for me in front of the whole school and