Room for Regret Summary: Five years of loneliness and regret, born of one night of passion. What will it take for Carlisle to move past the guilt? Pairing: Carlisle & Bella (Bella & Edward) Rating: M Word count: 7324 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Room for Regret Carlisle hadn't seen a sunrise in years. He hadn't seen many sunsets either. If he stopped to really think about it, he had seen precious few rays of the noonday sun either. It was such a waste of one's life to spend it indoors, always indoors. Always breathing in recycled air. Always working, always alone. He blinked at the thought of what his life had become, and rubbed his palms over his face. Five years in New York City and he knew nothing but the way from his apartment to the hospital and back. That was quite a turn of the book for a former self-proclaimed ladies man and all-round life of the party. He huffed a laugh. He hadn't even gotten laid in five years. A quick glance at the slim gold watch on his wrist told him that he had been off the clock for a couple of hours already. So why was he still making the rounds, checking on patients and updating charts? He might justify his habits by saying that doctors were always on the job, but he knew the truth. He knew what he was hiding from. He didn't really know how to deal with being alone. The trouble was that he couldn't find it in himself to deal with people anymore, either. Or his own self. Whatever. Frustrated with his thoughts, he decided it was a good time to take a break for lunch. Maybe actually take off for the day; he wasn't really needed here just now. The more he thought about it, the more he liked the idea. Ten minutes later, he was walking down the road, appreciating each deep breath of air that filled his lungs, luxuriating in the warmth of the summer sun. A light breeze ruffled up his silver-blond hair and circled under his collar, tendrils of the cool air licking at the beads of sweat that had just begun to seep from his skin. He paused at the stop light along with a handful of other people. The wind picked up as the light changed and he stepped into the crosswalk. He absently noted that the spot seemed to be a wind trap, a triangular intersection framed by tall buildings. The breeze pushed against his body again a little more aggressively than before. Up ahead, he saw a couple of rickety card tables set up with handmade signs above them. Probably at least one table handing out 'come to Jesus' pamphlets, he thought sardonically, and two or three others selling some kind of organic food. He might have considered trying the cupcakes, but the stall appeared to be unmanned at the moment. Turning away with a slight shrug, he walked past a simple bamboo-frame erected in the shape of a small hut. It had a roof, but no walls; instead, string had been tied in tiers around the structure on three sides. From these strings, held in place by small clothes pegs, hung letter sized sheets of paper, with some sort of writing on them. Another set of papers were suspended in similar fashion between two slender poles in front of the paper hut, with a sign on top that read 'The Strangers Project'. Carlisle cocked his head in mild interest, but kept walking. He was already halfway across the clearing to the next intersection when a particularly strong gust of wind caused the poles in front of the hut to wobble on their supports. After swaying drunkenly in place for a moment, they flopped to the ground, looking like a failed, flimsy washing line. Acting on instinct, Carlisle stepped over and helped a young man with a scraggly beard and nerdy glasses to right the entire contraption. "Thanks, sir," said the young man. "Could you hold on to the pole for a minute? I'll just add some weight to the base. The wind's getting stronger and this thing has already fallen over twice." "Sure, do your thing," said Carlisle with a grin. "What is this anyway? The newest way to air out your dirty laundry?" The guy laughed and shook his head. "You could say that. Nah, just a project we've been working on. Everyone has a story, you know? We ask them to put down whatever they want... an incident, something funny, something that made an impact on them, basically anything that is important to them... as long as it's true. It's anonymous, so there's no judgment. Then we put up these exhibitions in different places. I've had a bunch of people stop by today, asking if they could write something as well. It's a powerful thing, being able to share your story, put something of your soul out there, I guess." He shrugged, positioning the last box at the base of the pole. He shoved it gently to test its stability, and dusted his hands. "There, that should hold. Thanks again. Why don't you take a look at some of the stories we've put up? It's really intriguing, the different ways people look at the world. Maybe you'd like to write something as well." Carlisle nodded politely. "Sure, why not." But he knew there was no way he would be contributing something here. There just wasn't enough space on a single piece of paper for all the regret he harbored in his heart. It had shaped the last five years of his life in ways he didn't like to think about. He had moved to a new city, found a job, built a new life, but underneath it all, he had lost something vital the day he had pushed her away. The young man loped back to his table where a couple of giggling girls in short shorts were waving for his attention. Carlisle saw one of the girls checking him out and winked, smirking in satisfaction when she sent him back a flirtatious look. He shook his head and turned away, gratified that at 42, he still had it. He fiddled with the keys in his pocket for a moment, before shrugging and walking towards the hut of stories. He skimmed over the papers pegged up on one side, seeing nothing but the differences in handwriting at first pass... neat, small, printed, scrawled, large and sloppy, here a clever sketch, there a rigid border. What a lot we could learn about a person from their penmanship, he mused. He stopped at one, drawn in by the obvious exuberance displayed at the end of the page, where certain words had been heavily underlined and written in all-capitals. He skimmed the page, smiling reluctantly at the story of a boy who met a girl in an airport, probably never to see her again, but still so hopeful that they would be together again, someday, somewhere. He moved to another, written in beautiful cursive script. It started by talking of the writer's trepidation when a new pastor had moved to their parish. For a moment, he wondered idly if this was going to be a confession about dirty deeds in the church, but by the second paragraph, he felt his heart expand with unexpected emotion. The writer spoke of the hope and guidance she had received through a terrible time and how it had strengthened her belief in the grace of God. Carlisle let out a shaky breath, his expression soft, as he considered how difficult it was in this day and age to let oneself believe in things like faith and redemption. He shook away his own barely suppressed remorse, and moved to the inside of the hut-structure. Sunlight streamed through the gaps between the flapping pages, and reflected off the white sheets to give the interior of the small space a soft glow. He stood, protected from the direct glare of the sun, yet each page was perfectly lit up to read in the shade. He stopped and read a few more papers, attracted to some by their bold, artistic script, to others by the visuals that formed an essential part of their narrative. Then he saw a familiar, neat, slanted hand that he had seen a hundred times before. He stopped to catch his breath, his hand instinctively clutching at his chest, his vision hazy. He squeezed his eyes shut and consciously calmed himself. Opening his eyes, he confirmed that he was not imagining things—it really was her handwriting, right in front of him. Steeling himself, he began to read. Dear Strangers, Have you ever done something so terrible that it made you want to die? Yet you still did it, because it was the right thing to do... the only thing to do? I slept with my father's best friend. And no, that wasn't the terrible thing I did. It was the night of dad's funeral. Everything was falling apart, and I was so alone. He was the only one who saw the depth of my pain. He had always been a part of my life, for as long as I could remember. When dad died, he was just as gutted as I was. He was the only one I knew I could trust. I needed the comfort, and he gave me everything I asked for that night. He gave me love. He gave me peace. It was beautiful, the only happy memory during the most painful period of my life. But you see, he's married. And he may have broken all the rules that night, but he is a good man. I saw him the next morning, and I knew the guilt was eating him up. His wife was with him and he looked so torn. So I did the right thing, even though it killed me to hurt him. I pulled away; I was rude, brash, deliberately cold and offhand. I never told him why. I hated it, but hoped he thought I had used him and dumped him. I moved for college and haven't seen him in five years. On one hand, I am happy because I know I did the right thing, prevented his life from getting messed up. But on the other hand, I just miss him so much. He was my only link to my father. I'll never forget what he did for me that one night. I just wish he knew what it meant to me. Carlisle blinked away the unexpected tears that had gathered in his eyes. Bringing out his phone, he carefully took a picture of her letter. He took his time inside the paper-hut, calming himself down so nobody would see that his entire world had just been rocked on its foundations. ... Carlisle couldn't sit still. He wandered from the bedroom to the living room, stared unseeingly at the TV before switching it off and wandering over to the kitchen. A few minutes staring into the open refrigerator didn't offer any answers either, so he drifted back to his bedroom. He dug out a couple of photo albums from his dresser. Tossing them onto his bed, he gazed at them warily for a minute. Finally giving in to the desire that he had buried away for years, he sat and pulled one over to him. There she was, his one regret—Bella. His best friend's daughter. Flipping through the photographs, he couldn't help but smile. Charlie had not just been his best friend; they were closer than brothers. And Bella... he had held her as a baby. He hadn't been around a lot during those early years thanks to the demands of medical school, residency, internship… but he had made it a point to stay in touch. He had been there for Charlie when Renee