Mark Me One-Shot Contest Title: Equations, Assets & Ink Your pen name: Alice Vampire Characters: Bella & Edward Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all. I own the plot. Summary: I hide behind my tasteless clothes and my mundane work; living a life I don't really want. Can a boring, weekend convention and a chance encounter with a colorful stranger change everything? I took my key card off the counter and leaned over to retrieve my overnight bag from the floor. I slung it over my shoulder, moving towards the elevator. This was a weekend I had been dreading. The convention had been planned for months, and my company had decided that thanks to my promotion, I would be the perfect person to send on the most boring trip of the year. Well, promotion wasn't exactly the right word. Being the only child of the owner gave me the distinguished honor of representing the company. I had been my father's protégé ever since I was eight years old. My uncanny skill with numbers had convinced him of just what I should do with my life. The only problem was; I didn't have any desire to be a 'nobody' in the boring world of accounting. I walked around all day surrounded by nerds dressed in stiff, collared shirts and ankle length skirts. There was nothing left to the imagination. Individuality wasn't a word that existed in their vocabulary. Their boring lives played out like a bad, B-rated movie; enter work, sit behind a desk punching mundane numbers into a computer, and leave at the end of the day, only to go home to their stuffy houses, and their commonplace cats. I was prepared for this weekend to prove to be no different from the ordinary boredom of my work world. I wasn'toverjoyed at the idea of talking to these penny pinching humdrums. The lectures on the newest computer programs promised to let me catch up on some much needed sleep. Good thing I wasn't a snorer. I pushed the up button for the elevator, tapping my heel high against the marble floor. The clicking echoed through the lobby of the three star hotel. A slightly rundown hotel matched the excitement of the rundown convention. I sighed deflatedly as the bell dinged announcing the arrival of the elevator. The doors slid open silently, allowing me access inside. I hit the button for the fourth floor, looking nonchalantly out of the opening, waiting for the doors to slide close. I watched as two stuffed-shirted gentlemen approached the counter. Normally, people like that would never grab my attention, but when one of them turned his attention in my direction, everything changed. His emerald, green eyes bore into my soul. My thoughts played like a porn movie inside my brain. I wanted to lick my tongue along his chiseled chin. His bronze, sex-crazed hair begged to be wrapped in my fingers, pulling his face closer to mine. His tongue darted out of his mouth, leaving a wet streak on his plump, lower lip, and I swear I saw something metallic, which almost made me drop my bag. I wanted to nip that lip with my teeth, listening to his moan vibrate my lips. The elevator doors closed, cutting me off from the man of my darkest fantasies. I leaned back against the wall, my rapid breathing the only sound to be heard. I crossed my legs, attempting to quench the heat that was quickly building betweenthem. . I knew my weekend had just come up a few notches. The only question I had was who my mystery fantasy was, and would I see him again. I scanned the key card, granting me access to my room. It wasn't the worst room in the hotel, but it definitely could've been better. My father was a cheapskate. A penny saved was a penny earned; a motto he lived by every day. My motto was; you can't take it with you, so spend it like you don't have a tomorrow. The beige color on the walls looked faded and dull. The lumpy duvet cover was thinned in places from the multiple washes it had been though. I flipped my heels off, watching them bounce harmlessly off the washed out red of the shag carpet. I leaned against the door and sighed. Why had I never stood up to my father and told him about my true ambitions in life? Why couldn't I be an artist like my mother wasbefore her death? I was talented; I had dreams when I was a child; dreams of being a make-up artist for a big Hollywood studio. Childhood dreams were mostly fantasies that never came true, but I had the talent, and thanks to my father, the money had been available to make that blurry fantasy a reality in some form. My thoughts drifted back to the mystery man in the lobby. His appearance resembled the rest of the lowly nobodies who worked in the exciting world of numbers. His plain, tweed jacket fit snug against an obviously well maintained physique. It covered the plain white button up shirt that was cramped against his neck thanks to the obviously too tight tie that hung around his neck. Maybe it had been the jeans he had been wearing. It was definitely not normal and mundane. Most pencil pushers would wear tweed slacks that matched their jackets. His washed out jeans had hung off his hips, showing off just the right amount of assets. I suddenly felt the need for a cold shower as my pulse raised. I stripped myself of my constricting clothing which consisted of a low cut buttoned up blouse and a knee length pinstriped skirt. I was left standing in the dingy room sporting nothing but my lace bra and panties and the amazing ink of a talented artist. A short time later, after a refreshing shower, I walked down the hallway of my floor, preparing myself for the planned 'meet and greet' in the hotel's restaurant. It was my intention to be as inconspicuous as possible. I wasn't in the mood for this weekend or the boredom of these people. I stood in front of the elevator and admired my appearance in the full length mirror hanging from the wall. I wouldn't allow myself to be a menial goldfish in the fishbowl. The woman in the reflection was incredible. The tight fitting, midnight black dress was shockingly revealing and the cleavage boosted by the blood red bra made a slight appearance. Strapless and sequenced, the dress left nothing to the imagination, but served well to hidethe tattoos that made me a star. My ankle high boots with four inch heels matched the color of my bra, giving me another sense of individuality. Yeah, right … there was no way Icould pulloffinconspicuous. A shiver climbed my spine as the doors opened. I could feel the uptight atmosphere flow in waves from within the elevator. The small cab was filled to capacity with stuck up ordinary suits. The various shades of gray gave the impressionof stepping into a dense fog. I hung my head as I pushed my way into the relentless storm, wishing that this lifeless night was already over. The creaking of the aging elevator echoed through the silence of the tight space. I wordlessly waited for the cables to snap giving life to the mindless aura that surrounded me. I felt asudden rush of blood race through my veins. My pulse began to pound in my ears as I felt eyes perforating my body. I tucked a strand of my hair that wasn't pinned up, behind my ear and looked over my shoulder. My breath hitched in my throat as the mystery man stood crammed into a corner. His eyes sparkled with the mystification that dripped from him. I felt naked under his gaze. My desire to have his hands touch me in intimate places was heightened by his tongue that was licking those lushes lips. I was sure now, that I had seen a tongue piercing. My nervousness sent a vibrating tremor across my skin. His gaze made me feel like a lamb being hunted by a lion. I was the meal, and he needed to feed. I realized immediately that my open gaze was attracting attention, and as much as it mentally hurt me to do so, I averted my gaze. I closed my eyes, still feeling his, boring into me. I took a deep breath quenching the heightened lust that was invading my senses. The ringing of the bell couldn't come fast enough as I pushed myself out of the heated compartment. I stood in the lobby of the hotel willing my body to compose itself. How could one man affect me in such an erotic way? I glanced to the side as my fantasy stepped out, his hand wiping away a drop of perspiration. His stubble scratched across his finger sending another wave of ecstasy to run through my mind. I felt my breath snag as a small mark of ink exposed itself from under his sleeve. My man was a hidden canvas, much like myself. I reached out to run my nails over his wrist. I felt the need to follow the lines; to expose his deepest desires. I caught myself; my hand partially extended, knowing that I was crossing a line that was a permanent fixture in the universe. I quickly mumbled an apology and moved away, leaving my utopia behind. I entered the restaurant, rapidly becoming a mindless drone in the world of mindless drones. I walked around the tables, smiling cordially while inside, my body screamed for a reprieve from this monotonous ordeal. I found my name elegantly scrolled across one of the cards and sat in the chair. I quickly laid the card down, hoping to be viewed as a fellow nobody. I numbly found myself engaged in boring talk of the latest tax laws. My body was fighting against my mind to run; to free myself from this stifling environment. I sat occupying myself by running my finger around the edge of the wine glass as the host of the convention made the mandatory announcements. His enthusiasm was humorous. How could anyone find working with numbers a thrill and a joy? Sighing a breath of relief as the dinner finished and the senseless, worker bees filed out of the restaurant, I sat waiting. I had no desire to retreat back into the muggy confines of the elevator again. I took another sip of my wine, enjoying the bouquet. It quenched not only my mouth, but it freed my mind with its intoxicating pallet. When enough time had passed, I rose from my uncomfortable, metal chair, leaving the leather padding to slowly rebound from my weight. My heels clipped across the marble floor as I approached the steel doors. I silently wished for something, anything, to happen that would brighten this wearisome weekend. The squeaking of the rails announced the elevator's arrival. I looked up long enough to step inside. I rested myself against the railing running around the inside of the elevator and tilted my head back against the polish metallic wall. I closed my eyes, preparing myself for the expected creaking of the pulley system that gave the cab its movement. I heard something strange within the familiar sound. A hushed movement of air; a heavy panting, and I realized I wasn't alone. The world within my brain had left me oblivious to telltale signs that someone had entered the elevator with me. I hadn't heard the sound of the footsteps, the rustling of fabric or the movement of the body. I opened my eyes and looked into the green orbs of lust that starred back at me. My mystery man was here, alone, with me. My chest heaved as my lungs fought for air. My senses were performing an acrobat of somersaults as I lost myself in his