Mark Me One-Shot Contest Title: Concealed in Stone Your pen name: Mcgt Characters: Edward / Bella Disclaimer: These are not my characters. I'm only using them for my own amusement. No infringement intended. Summary: Oscar night in Tinseltown and Bella Swan is all dressed up with nowhere to go. What happens when her uptight coworker isn't as buttoned up as she thought? Concealed in Stone The air was filled with electricity that only comes once a year in Hollywood. Oscar Night. The best that movies had to offer was up for their annual awards this evening. The red carpet was stuffed with photographers and fans alike. All the while, glamorous stars were in their limos being shuttled across the city to the decked out Dolby Theater in hopes of standing on the stage to thank everyone and their brother. And where was I? Stuck in a boutique hotel across the street, my luxurious room not even facing the action. With a heavy sigh, I sat on the bed and turned the television on, hoping to at least glimpse some of the action. Of course, by the end of E!'s four hour pre-show coverage I'd want to punch Ryan Seacrest in his stupid, smug face and give poor Giuliana Rancic a sandwich, but I was here to work, not hobnob with celebrities. Tonight wasn't just stressful for the high profile people who ran the most watched show outside of the Super Bowl, but for me and the rest of the Iconographic Images team. We were the behind the scenes people who made sure your Us Weekly and People magazines were brimming with amazing photos of the best and worst dressed. Our team of photographers were banking on getting the perfect shot that would not only fetch them a large sum of money, but their credit in the sidebar of those glossies. The only problem was there were hundreds of other people trying to do the same exact thing. It was a high stakes game of chicken to see who could post the photos first on their website, and this year, we were going to win. "Bella, what's your twenty?" I heard Edward's crisp voice ring out from the expensive walkie-talkie sitting on the table beside my laptop. Turning down Ryan's obnoxious voice from the television, I picked up the handset and replied, "At the Roosevelt, room five twelve. You headed back with Whitlock's shots?" In an effort to process the coveted photos efficiently, we'd set up a relay system to bring me the shots our photographers took during the show allowing us to simultaneously process the images even while the stars did their walk down the red carpet . My job was to upload the zip drives filled with their photos onto our server back in the office so our production team could process and get them up on our website, allowing news outlets of all kinds to purchase them and have them available to the public by the very next morning. We were working an all nighter tonight, and it was only three-thirty in the afternoon. It was going to be a very long day. "Yep, on my way up. Got a little caught up in security, but shouldn't be too bad once the celebs head in the building." Edward's voice was always a bit chilly. He wasn't one to mince words, and was a serious and efficient manager. It was our first time working really closely together, and I was a bit apprehensive about the possibility of spending the next fourteen hours or so with him. It wasn't that I disliked him, but he was such a serious person, and while he was completely professional at work, I often wondered if he knew how to have any fun at all. I'd gone out to happy hour with various people in the company, including a few from his team, but he never joined us. Rumors among his staff made it sound like he was a bit of a stuffed shirt, but to me, it added a shred of mystery that my curious nature was itching to sort out. I was shaken out of my thoughts by a knock on the hotel room door. Yanking it open, my jaw hit the ground. Gone was the buttoned up man with his horn rimmed glasses and ill fitting dress shirts; instead there stood Edward in a charcoal grey suit that suited his lanky frame perfectly. The dark fabric clung to his broad shoulders and the bulk of the coat gave him the appearance of having more meat on his bones than his usual day to day look. My gaze crept up and landed on his tamed locks. His usual mop of messy hair was groomed, allowing me to actually admire his chiseled jaw and amazing green eyes. I did a double take; I'd never noticed his eyes before, and it must have been because he'd put in contacts. Eyes that were now looking at me with a hint of amusement, and it took but a second for me to realize I'd been gaping openly at him and hadn't yet invited him into the room. Stepping out of the way, I waved him in. "Sorry, you just look different in a suit. Gotta say, Masen, you clean up nice." I could feel the blush rise to my cheeks, and turned my back on him to avoid the awkwardness that seemed to creep into my consciousness. Walking over to my laptop, I pulled up the folder we needed. The zip drive plunked down on the table, and I could feel the heat of Edward leaning down behind me. His breath washed over my bare neck. He smelled like fresh rain with a dash of cocoa butter. "You clean up pretty nice too, Bella," his voice whispered in my ear. I'd never been attracted to him before right now, and it gave me an unsettled feeling in the pit of my stomach that he was having such an effect on me now. I hardly knew anything about him, but realized I suddenly wanted to. Mumbling a quick thank you, I got to work loading the photos from the drive, knowing Edward needed to get back and switch out the zip drives for a whole 'nother set. This was going to go on all night until the last photo was posted on our site. "I spoke with Esme earlier. She's getting pizza for everyone working back at the office. Mentioned that we should order a meal if we find some time." His tone was matter of fact, and all business. "The team seems ready to go. How are you doing, this being your first rodeo and all?" He patted my shoulder and sat on the corner of the bed, watching me work. Glancing up, I shrugged noncommittally. "Gonna be a long night. Ask me again in about five hours." His attention was drawn towards the television, and I took the opportunity to assess him further. I'd never had him so close to me, and while he'd always appeared lanky, he was actually quite imposing. His shoulders filled the space in a way I'd never noticed before and I found my mind wandering, wondering what he might look like stripped of the heavy suit and tie. Edward swiveled back towards me, and I quickly turned my head to appear like I was still working instead of gaping like a fish at him. "Man, that Seacrest really is kind of a douche, isn't he?" I couldn't hold in the snort that escaped me. "I couldn't have said that any better actually." I continued to laugh at his comment as I closed down the folder I was working in and removed the drive. Spinning around in the chair, my elbow whacked him right in his junk. He dropped to his knees with an "Oof" and I immediately hunched down beside him. "Oh my God, I'm so sorry." I tried to help him up, but with a wave of his hand he wheezed that he'd be okay in a minute and rested his hands on his bulky thighs taking in big gulps of air. "Jeez, Bella, if you'd wanted to totally incapacitate me, you succeeded." We were sitting knee to knee where I sat helplessly, knowing I couldn't do much to help him. Being so close, I had the inexplicable urge to comfort him, to run my hand through his slicked down locks and pull him into my chest. His gaze tracked from the plush mocha colored carpet and up to my face. Our eyes met, and even though he was still recovering, something flickered between us. Smoldering under the surface, I felt a shift between us. It simmered, bubbling around the edges and it felt like if someone threw a match into the room it would become a raging inferno. My thoughts pinged around my brain like a pinball machine, trying to sort out exactly what's happening between us. "Edward, are you coming back?" Jasper's voice crackled on both of our walkies, bringing us back to the reality. We still had a job to do. Grabbing the handset off the bed, I replied he was on his way and stood up to allow Edward some room to get himself together. Well, not only Edward, but myself too. My emotions were a bit all over the place and I was wondering why I was suddenly acting so viscerally towards him. This wasn't my style. I didn't get involved. Sure, I enjoyed the occasional short term relationship, but after a bad breakup a few years back, I'd sworn off relationships, especially with someone I worked with. "I'll be back in a bit." I turned around just in time to see him striding toward the door, his jacket rising with every step and allowing me the briefest glimpse at his toned ass. Oh, boy, the simple sight of his pants fitted so perfectly on his butt made my insides go a bit weak. I had a thing for great asses, and from the looks of Edward's I thought I might have a new hobby at the office. Of course ogling Edward's fine backside might be a distraction that was all I could allow it to be. A fun folly, that's it. I'd learned the hard way that love and work did not mix. When I was finally alone again, I wandered over to the mirror next to the television and stared at the image reflected back at me. Even though we'd all had to dress up in cocktail attire, I hadn't done much with my hair, pulling it back into a sleek high ponytail to keep it out of my face while I was working. The simple black dress was one I'd had in my closet for years and was a go-to staple for any wedding or other event that required me to be comfortable and yet still look put together. My makeup was similar to my everyday look except I'd swept on some berry tinted lip stain in an effort to dress myself up. Although we knew Edward was going to be our runner, we both needed to be dressed to fit in to the event should something happen. So here I was, all dressed up with nowhere to go. I tried to process what Edward saw when he walked in. To figure out what he thought about when he saw me standing before him in my fancy dress in a hotel room I likely wouldn't ever be able to afford. With a sigh, I sat back down in front of my computer and began to get to work. Pulling the data off the drive was only part of my job, I had plenty to keep me busy while Edward was getting the next set. Even though I wasn't down on the street in the midst of the excitement, I still loved to see all the glamour of the event and pulled