Mark Me One-Shot Contest Title: Chemistry Your pen name: Mylisssa Characters: Bella/Edward Disclaimer: The author of this entry does not own Twilight. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary: He's the sweetest guy she's ever met, playful, and always courteous, but she's not into that. There's no chemistry between them. "That's fine, Bella, because you're wrong." A balled up straw wrapper hits my arm. I look up and lock eyes with the culprit, who is sitting across from me in the rounded booth. I flick it back. Edward smiles and sends it flying my way again. We aren't watching the games playing on the on the many screens in the crowded sports bar. We are playing a game ourselves, a game of flirtation. It's a game that will leave us both hurting—him, because I keep giving him hope just to squash it, and me, because I want to be able to give him what he wants. Alice Cullen, one of my roommates and Edward's sister, pushes my hair off my shoulder and cups her hand in front of my ear. "Jazz and I are going to get out of here. You okay to catch a ride with Edward?" I nod, not wanting to yell over the noise, and step out of the booth so they can get out. She looks to Edward and their oldest brother, Emmett and signals to them in the kind of language only siblings understand. There's a tug on my hair, and I do a full spin around before I see Jasper innocently scanning through his phone beside me. We went to high school together. He's always been a menace, but if it weren't for him, I never would have met Alice. I reach up to pull his ear, but he's quick to dodge my advance and step away, daring me to come after him. I shake my head at his game. I'll get him back later. Alice turns her petite frame toward me before they leave. "Be good," she says, but it's the kind of advice I should be giving her. "I'll try." I blow her a kiss, and then she walks away with a skip in her step as she drags Jasper behind her. When I sit back down, I sink a few inches into the seat cushion, and I feel out of place now that I'm left alone with Alice's brothers. It should be short lived. A few others are supposed to arrive at any moment. I glance toward the door but don't see anyone I recognize. I try to avoid the green eyes that never stop watching me by sipping on the same, now-warm beer I've been drinking since we got here. If I keep looking at Edward when the noise silences our words, I know I'll give him the wrong idea once again. He's not my type, but sometimes I forget. Sneaking a glance anyway, I'm pulled back into the trap. I pick up the paper ball and toss it at him. It lands in his Sprite and clings to a piece of ice. I mouth a sorry because I didn't mean for it to land there. He scrunches his nose as he fishes the paper out of his drink. He drops it on a napkin and wipes his hand. When he looks up, he smiles at me, and as I admire the shape of his mouth, I get the urge to lick his lips. I press my tongue against my glass instead. Avoidance is the key. I've already proven that I can't stop flirting. When I'm with him, it's like elementary school puppy love all over again. He's all small smiles and blushes. It's sweet, but there's no real allure. He's not what I'm into. It's not that I don't like nice guys, but Edward is nice to the point of being a pushover. I narrow my vision to the two-toned Mohawk attending the bar. I envy his artwork. Green, red, and black covers his neck and every visible inch below it. If I were creative, I'd have tattoos from head to toe, but my lack of symmetrical thinking has left me with the conscious decision to leave my skin virgin. Mr. Bartender has a ring through the center of his lower lip. My tongue glides across the enamel on my teeth, but it's a far cry from feeling metal on my tongue. He oozes confidence. As he pours drinks and fraternizes with the patrons, he's as in charge of his surroundings as he is of his appearance. Closing my eyes, I fantasize, but I'm not brazen. I admire the man from afar. My designated driver nudges my arm. I look up at him, and he tilts his head toward Emmett. Bracing his arm on the booth, he leans forward and raises his voice to speak to me. "He's making me move. He wants to sit by Rose." I don't answer, but I move over, eyeing Emmett as he tries to play it cool. His dimples peek out as he holds back an embarrassed smile. He's just as bad as Edward. At least with them, Rose wants him; she's just playing hard to get. She's my other roommate, but, more importantly, my oldest friend. We don't have secrets, but she has one that she's keeping from everyone else. She's making Emmett work for it, but she's working just as hard for him. I lean away as Edward slides onto the seat beside me. Giving him the cold shoulder is easier than continuing to play around. My friendly intentions are always misconstrued. He'll end up asking me out or worse—try to kiss me. He's cute, but no. I'm not interested. I wring my hands on the hem of my jean skirt, catching sight of Edward's long fingers as they catch the drink that Emmett slides to him from the other side of the table. All eyes are on the game we came here to watch. I feign interest. I only came here to get out for a bit. My brain can only retain so much information from studying and that threshold was exceeded days ago. It's no wonder that when someone thinks of a genius, they think of Einstein with his hair standing on end. Too much knowledge electrifies the brain, pushing it out through the hair follicles. Not that I'm a genius; I just study too hard for too long in an attempt to skate by. I run my hands over my hair just in case. My eyes keep drifting to Edward's fingers or to his hands in general. I blame my interest on fatigue and look away. I see Rose as she makes her way over, a breeze practically blowing through her blonde hair as she walks toward us wearing four-inch heels and a mini dress. She's too much. She spent hours at home preparing for this. I watched for a few minutes and teased her for being ridiculous. When she sees our seating arrangement, she grabs a chair and pulls it up to the end of the table instead of sitting in the space next to Emmett. His broad shoulders droop, but he should have known better. Perhaps if he had been sitting on the edge of the seat, she would have told him to scoot. She craves that kind of control. Rosalie avoids my face as she greets everyone. One look into my teasing eyes might crumble her façade. Otherwise, she's a master at not giving herself away. Every flick of her wrist and toss of her hair looks natural, but it's all for Emmett's benefit. Holding my phone under the table, I text Rose. Tone it down. Your drama classes are showing. When she gets the message, she laughs, but glares at her phone as she texts me back. Fuck off. Angela and Ben arrive, holding their hands in each other's back pockets. Their relationship is new, but their friendship with the Cullens is as old as they are. Everyone exchanges high fives, handshakes, and waves. To make room for the happy couple, I scoot around the booth toward Emmett, and Edward moves closer to me—close enough that our legs are brushing against each other. We're all paired off. Rose would never admit it, but it's true. It's been a common occurrence since we got a place with Alice. Her brothers being around all the time is just a part of the deal. Emmett's and Rose's differing opinions lead to drawn out arguments that leave them both hot and bothered before she pulls away. Edward has always looked at me like I'm the only girl he's ever seen. I don't mind his attention, but I don't always know what to do with it. I love the silliness between us, but at some point, he starts reading too much into it, and I'm running out of ways to turn him down without being mean. Edward tickles my side. "What's wrong?" I squirm as I push his hand away. "Nothing," I say as he slings his arm across the back of the booth behind me. He exudes warmth. It would be so easy to lean into him, but I refrain because that would be pushing the friendship line too far. Emmett pounds the table with his fist at the same time that Ben pumps his in the air. They scowl at each other, wearing rivaling jerseys, and start placing bets. I cringe at the outburst. Leaning toward Edward's ear, I ask, "How much longer do you want to stay here?" He moves his hand to my shoulder, squeezes it a bit as if it's casual, but he leaves it there. "I'm ready to go whenever you are." "Okay, I'm ready." I nudge Emmett to let us out. Emmett scowls. "Why are you leaving already? The game's not over and I just ordered more wings." He bumps me with his elbow, looking at me like I'll be missing out if I go. My stomach turns at the thought of eating more than the couple of wings I've already consumed. I'm not too keen on bar food. "Sorry. I'm really tired." I give him a one-armed hug before he stands up and takes my hand to help me out of the booth. Edward offers to find our server so we can pay. I watch him for a moment as he weaves through tables and rowdy sports fans. Rose gives me a death glare through her lashes that appear three times longer than they did when she woke up this morning. "Really, Bella? I just got here." It's not my fault she waited so long to show up. Making an entrance is just a waste of time. Kissing her powdered cheek, I wrap my arms around her shoulders. "You're already driving him crazy. Don't you think it's time for the next step?" Her burgundy smirk is mischievous. I assume this was already her intent. I see Edward hand our server his card. I head over because I need to pay my bill, too. Before I get there, the woman is handing him his card back. Edward turns from her, and her high ponytail almost hits him as she spins away. "Hey," he says, taking two steps closer. "I paid for yours, too. We can go." I lift my hand to my forehead and rub the crease before it forms. Edward is full of friendly gestures. I should be grateful, but it makes me uncomfortable. "Oh, thanks. I'll have to pay you back another time. I don't have any cash on me." "Don't worry about it. I got this." He offers me his arm as we walk to the exit. I roll my eyes at his constant chivalry but slip my arm through his anyway. His long-sleeved flannel is soft against my skin, and I find myself leaning closer to feel more of the material. There's an eruption of boos and cheers behind us. I'm glad that we're getting out of here. Staying