Mark Me One-Shot Contest Title : Black Swan Ink Your pen name : Chantiemaya Characters : Edward & Bella Disclaimer : SM owns Twilight, my beta owns me, and I own a little plot bunny washing his ears in the corner of the room, and the ink on Bella's skin. I have some experience with tattoos and piercings. For the things I didn't know, I used a website of an experienced piercer and several tattoo sites. I hope I got it right. Summary : When he walked into her tattoo parlor, Bella gains something she didn't know she was missing. Black Swan Ink A late Friday evening found Bella at her shop, alone. She was meticulously cleaning her chair, having to step around the lazy, light brown-and-white American Stafford on the floor. "Really, Jake. Could you be any more of a guy?" she chuckled at the animal, as he pressed his nose against her bare foot and proceeded to lap his tongue at her ankle. A satisfied rumble sounded from the dog's chest. She knew he would leave soon enough. The smell of the disinfectant she was using would irritate his sensitive nose. The chair resembled a dentist's chair: head, arm and leg rests, and adjustable in every direction. It needed to be cleaned in much the same way as a dentist's chair. Some customers were nervous about it, as much as they were for the one in their dentist's treatment room. To complete the comparison, Bella had been on the academic path to become an actual dentist, when college life made her realize what her real calling was. Almost ten years later, she couldn't be happier about her decision. The Black Swan Ink was a success, and Bella was in her element. She'd chosen the name with care: black for her hair, which she'd been dying ever since she dropped out of college – out with the mousy brown, in with the raven— Swan being her last name, and she was proud of it; Ink being her passion. A loud rumble sounded from Jake's chest, much different from the satisfied sounds he'd made before. He was on his feet in a second, growling ferociously. Bella's head whipped around to look at the door; sure enough, a dark figure was standing there, peering in through the window. Jake let out a loud bark and trotted toward the threat. "Jake, down," Bella said calmly. He was a sweetheart, really, but very protective of her. He sat down a couple of feet away from the door, his eyes trained on her as she pushed the gauzy curtain to the side. The person was wearing a dark hoodie, but the light from inside shone on his face. Startled, greenish-blue eyes blinked at her for a second, before a shy smile broke out his face, and he waved awkwardly. Bella smiled at him, but tapped the 'closed' sign on the door. The eyes went from wide to puppy-dog, his hands folded in front of him in a plea. She chuckled and shook her head, turning the key in the lock and opening the door not more than a couple of inches. Jake's butt lifted off the floor a bit as he stared at the stranger. "Sorry, man. You'll have to come back tomorrow," Bella said casually. "Really? You can't make an exception?" His voice had a slight slur to it, and Bella leaned in and sniffed to confirm her suspicion. Scotch. "I can't, especially when you've been drinking." She tapped her finger on the glass of the door again, this time at the sign stating her shop's rules – 'Be sober' being the first of them. Realization dawned on the stranger's face and disappointment soon followed. "Shit. I needed some liquid courage, but one wasn't enough." His hand came up to scrub over his face, his cheeks covered in a few days' worth of light brown stubble. Bella wasn't sure what to think of this guy. His facial features were handsome—he had the pretty college boy thing going on—but the hoodie, the scruff, and his mannerisms didn't fit with the college boy image at all. She decided it wouldn't hurt her to be nice and acquire a new customer, even if she was more than ready to call it a day. "Do you want to make an appointment?" she asked, opening the door a bit wider in invitation. He looked pensive for a moment, before answering. "Yeah. I can do that, yes. Thank you." Jake didn't make a sound when the stranger entered the shop, walking past the dog and up to the small counter where Bella's laptop was. "Tomorrow at three p.m.?" she asked. The guy nodded. "What's your name?" "Edward." "ID?" She checked it to see that he was around her age—no college kid, then. "Your cell number?" He rattled it off. "Okay, you're all set. Do you have a clear idea of what you want?" His shy smile was back and he shrugged, looking down at the counter. Beneath the glass, an array of body piercings was displayed as well as sample pictures. "I, uh, I drew something." His hands came out of the pouch on his hoodie, and he handed her a wrinkled piece of white paper. It was thick, rich paper, the kind bought at an arts and crafts store, nothing like the cheap copy paper Bella used for her drawings. She unfolded the paper and rubbed her hands over it to smooth it out. "Wow! Edward, this is beautiful," she said softly. "Did you draw this?" He nodded with a half-shrug. The pencil drawing, taking up the whole page, was an extremely detailed image of a female angel. She was sitting down, her legs drawn to one side. She was naked except for a cloth wrapped around her breasts. Her wings were curled protectively around herself and the little baby in her arms. She was lovingly smiling down at the baby. "Can you do it?" he asked, his voice low and unsure. Bella brought the paper closer to her face, peering at the details. "Absolutely." She smiled at him. "You're sure you can't do it tonight?" He eyed the clock as he said it. It was half past eleven, a good ninety minutes after closing time. "Why?" He frowned and his face looked older instantly. "I just . . . today is . . . never mind." He shook his head and turned toward the door, almost tripping over Jake, who was sitting right at his feet. He righted himself with one hand on the counter to prevent stepping on the dog. "Oh, hey, buddy! I didn't see you there," Edward said as he lowered himself into a crouch, his face right in front of Jake's. "You like sneaking up on people, huh?" Edward said with a smile. Jake lifted his ass, his tail wagging happily at the attention. "Yeah? You like that?" Edward reached out his hand for the dog to sniff, and then tentatively touched his head. Jake's tongue lolled out of his mouth, as he seemed to smile at the gentle scratches behind his ear. Bella watched the interaction with fascination. By no means was Jake a dangerous or aggressive dog, despite what people often thought of his breed, but he was definitely not a fan of being touched by strangers. He was cautious, as he should be, and protective of her and the shop at all times. Edward had almost stepped on Jake but when he turned his voice to the animal, all soft and sweet as sugar, the dog had melted right before her eyes. Before long, Edward's cheeks and neck were graced with Jake's sloppy kisses. "Jake, come on! Don't slobber all over our guest," Bella admonished quietly. Edward looked up at her with a bright smile, a big improvement from his disappointment and sadness earlier. "It's okay," he said. "He's yours? He's beautiful." He scratched his fingers through the dog's fur. "Yeah. His name's Jake." "You're a good boy, Jake, aren't you? Looking after your mommy." Edward patted the dog on the head one last time before he stood up, brushing some hairs from his sweater. "Well, I guess I'll, uh, see you tomorrow." The bell on the door chimed lightly when he left, making Bella realize that she'd been staring at his retreating form. Even though their encounter had been completely ordinary, and not unlike conversations she had with customers every day, her gut indicated that there was something about this guy. His shifts from disappointment, to shy, to thoughtful, and then to downright joy as he petted the dog, had touched her. It was reflected in Jake's large brown eyes when he regarded her with his head cocked to the side. Bella quickly finished cleaning the chair, and tidying up her equipment before heading home – home being just a set of stairs away, as she lived above the shop. The stairs led directly into the back room of the shop, which was also used as an office, storage room and break room. The upstairs was a small one-bedroom apartment, which she'd made as cozy as possible. She was awake for some time, with Jake lightly snoring at her feet, before her brain shut down and allowed her to sleep. She dreamed of an angel with greenish eyes and a crying baby, and everything covered in black and red ink before it faded away and nothing but bare skin remained. On Saturday, Bella opened her shop at noon. She spent the morning on a long walk with Jake and some bookkeeping. Her first appointment wasn't until one, and she used the quiet time to study the amazing drawing of the angel with the baby. The images from her dream came back amazingly clear. She decided to familiarize herself with the angel drawing, and began copying it by hand. Her artistic talent had been nothing more than a hobby for most of her life. She'd decided at an early age that she wanted to be a dentist. Her father was a cop, and her mother an artist, but she was raised mainly by her aunt and uncle, who were both dentists. It was ingrained in Bella from early on that in order to make a decent living, you had to have a decent job. A decent job only came from studying your ass off and following the right path toward your goal. Her dad was almost working around the clock, and her mother was all over the place, never prepared to settle down, and not feeling very attached to the daughter she conceived as a teenager. Even as a baby, Bella had stayed mostly with her mother's much older sister, who had already settled down. When the door chimed to announce her first customer of the day, Bella was satisfied with what she had drawn. She had copied the angel three times: once in black felt-tip pen, once with a sharp pencil, and once with a roller-ball pen. It all served to etch the lines into her brain, as well as to prepare the transfer she would apply onto Edward's skin. The first customer was a regular, as well as a colleague, and they chatted easily while Bella worked. It was the second session on a large and colorful shoulder-to-wrist sleeve tattoo. They had known each other for years, and intimately, too. They weren't former lovers, by any means, although it would seem that way from the inside jokes they were making, involving something about a 'face-to-crotch-moment'. Garrett was actually the first customer Bella had given a genital piercing – a 'Prince Albert'*. Later on, he'd asked her for an apadravya**. It hadn't been nearly as awkward as when he'd done her clit hood piercing, a while before she became trained in piercings. "So, did you tell her I'm the one she has to thank for those?" Bella asked Garrett, whose girlfriend was apparently enjoying his piercings. He chuckled dryly.