Mark Me One-Shot Contest Title : Falling Pen Name : luvtwilight4eva Characters: Edward & Bella Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Summary : Leaves fall, raindrops fall, even tears fall. But not me. I never fall. She just happened to come into my garage earlier this afternoon, along with her sister. Wearing a checkered, yellow mini skirt and white top, and showcasing a body that I wanted to make mine. But she had these big, blue-green eyes that were filled with innocence. They held me back from unleashing my true self onto a girl like her. I've been in hell since then … and frankly, I don't fucking like it. Her hair color is all wrong. Fuck me if the color isn't the same as that other bitch that ruined my life. A body so perfect that I knew a God had to exist to make someone this fine. And her eyes screamed purity … eyes like hers I've only seen in my Ma, and the woman that died too soon. But, never on the women that I usually attract. She forced me to notice her, and that never happens. It's like I have no control. I don't like it one … damn … bit. Now, six hours later, and for the first time ever I'm here … doing something I've never done before. I'm on fucking a 'date'. I mentally shake my body in disgust. She has no clue that this is not something I do. Have never done. A swift kick to my shin forces my silent, one-way discussion to an end, and draws my attention to the faces of the three people at the table. Seated to my left, is my brother, Jasper Carlisle, who goes by JC; in front of him is one-half of the duo that started this mess, Alice Swan, or as he calls her Allie Cat, and rounding out the table is Allie Cat's sister . Isa. Isa damn Swan. Also, known as Isabella Swan. I'm part of this travesty because of my brother, and his need to take Alice on a date. In order to get her to accept, she needed a date for her sister, and guess who was offered up as the sacrificial lamb? I only agreed, when he asked, because my mind was still befuddled by her body in that skirt. That's my story and I'm sticking to it It has nothing to do with how her quiet beauty drew me in despite my personal, physical requirements of the women that I spend time with. Any other excuse would make me seem like a pussy … and I'm no pussy. So I'm here now, with the one that's given me a case of blue balls like no one has ever—and I do mean never ever —before. I scowl in her direction. A normal person's reactions to my scowl would have included a contrite look or a mumbled "sorry" or an "excuse me". But most definitely, the recipient of said scowl would just know enough to leave me alone. What Isa does when she sees my scowl is different … refreshing … yet, still goddamn annoying because of what it does to me. She laughs. Not the cute, behind the hand laugh that I've seen on the big screen when a woman is trying to lure a man by her innocence. Nor it is the kind of laughter that is pretend. No, this one, simply from where I'm seated in front of her, comes from her belly. Her shoulders shake. Tears fall from the sides of her eyes and even the motherfucking snort coming from her direction swells my cock up even more. More so than that white dress she's wearing. My eyes flit over the dress again. The front hugs her hips; succulently, making me think about placing my hands there, holding her in place while she rides me reverse cowgirl. The back dips so low that I can almost see the top part of her ass crack. Her spine is exposed, and I want to trail my fingertip along the ridges and lick up any sweat that gathers there from our combustive joining. A man can imagine, can't he? Ever since getting out of my car at the restaurant and seeing her outfit, I have been imagining. And ever since then, I've been adjusting myself on the sly—and often. Like I said, the dress is sinful, but when you take in her face, the lack of beguile found in her eyes does more to me than her wicked body in that dress. They beckon me in a way that no one's eyes have ever done before. Their expressiveness makes me wonder what she'll look like early in the morning without any make-up. As her laughter dies down, I feel four pairs of eyes on me, and I realize they are waiting on me to say something. But, I haven't got a clue what was said, having been distracted by a girl, who on any other occasion, I'd never give the time of day. "So, how old did you say you were again?" Alice inquires. I angle my head toward her. "I didn't—" "He's twenty-four, Allie Cat," the Benedict Arnold who used to be my brother replies. Alice uses her fork to lightly tap her lips and there's a gleam in her eyes. "And, you," She points her fork at her sister, "will be eighteen in two, short weeks. This is perfect." She dances a little in her chair. "What's newsworthy isn't my upcoming birthday, but that I'll be going to Vassar in two, short weeks. Now that is perfect." At the genuine smile that graces her face, I give her my undivided attention. "Vassar College, you don't say?" Now, I'm really intrigued. Booty ... er, I mean, beauty and brains. "It's nothing," she mumbles, shying away now that I'm giving her all my attention. To my left, I hear JC's chair scrape against the tiled floor, but I can't look away. I already know that he planned to leave with Alice. Earlier, when they'd left to use the restroom, he'd volunteer my services to drive Isa home. At the time, before the kick to my shin, I'd only perfunctorily agreed. Now … now, I definitely want to give her a ride … and not in my goddamn car. Impulsively, I grab her hand, massaging her fingers. "Where's that ballsy woman who just kicked me because I was being an asshole?" I tease her. Her head comes up a little as she slowly removes her hand from mine. "She's still here. I don't like to talk about myself, is all." "You should be proud of your accomplishment. Getting into one of the Seven Sister Schoolsaffiliated with Yale is great," I boast as if I'm the one attending the Ivy League college. She uses her hand to wave off my compliment. "Yeah. Yeah. Tell me something about yourself?" She spears a piece of asparagus with her fork. "Not much to tell. I work hard, play even harder, and just met an interesting young lady who refuses to talk about herself." She eyes me warily, probably deciding on the reaction she'll exhibit. I smile my panty-dropping smile that I've been told I have, which elicits a small smile of her own. "Here's what we'll do …" She twirls some pasta around her fork, puts it in hermouth, and proceeds to chew. As she savors the taste, she has the most incredible looking expression on her face. Only word to describe it: orgasmic. "Why are you looking at me like that?" I fix my face, hating being caught staring like a lovesick fool. "Nothing," I lie, clearing my throat, "You were saying?" "Oh, yes. We could do a question and answer. One question, one answer," she states, smiling and it's like she has an afterthought, "And, wemust be honest." I grin at her because she's pointed her fork toward me when she ended her statement. As if I would be anything but honest. "Well, ladies first,"I gesture good naturedly. "What's one thing about you that would surprise me?" I pretend to think about my answer. "I can't ride a bicycle." She almost sputters her drink. "I'm sorry … what?" "You heard me." She recovers and pats the top of my hand as if consoling me. "I'm really sorry to hear about your plight," she squeaks out, giggling. I momentarily note her eyes sparkle when she giggles. I also feel the softness of her hand, wishing they were wrapped around my cock rather than the fork hovering near her mouth. What? Like I said: a man can hope, can't he? "Your turn. Tell me something that embarrasses you?" She puts the fork down and looks around the room, lowering her voice. I'm forced to lean in to hear her. Her scent hits me like a two-ton truck. "I'm blind as a bat. Can't see a thing without these," She pulls out a pair of glasses from her purse, and then, quickly tries put them away. "Hey, let me see those?" I demand, stretching my hand out. She reluctantly drops them in my waiting palm and begins eating again. "These are cute." "Puppies are cute," she mumbles. "I bet these will look hot on you." Shit, I'm can't believe I just blurted that out when it should have been kept in my brain. "They don't really go with my outfit, you know?" she bemoans, taking them back. "But if you don't put them on, how can you see how drop dead sexy I am?" I boast, leaning back in the chair. I think she mutters, "A blind person can see that." We go back and forth a few more times. She tells me about her nervousness about Vassar, and I tell her that I love to sketch, which surprises me because only Ma knows my secret. I shake my head at the surprising turn of events. I'm actually having a good time. If this is 'dating', then maybe … I could … possibly do this more often, I think, as long as I'm sitting across Isa, that is. "Oh, my goodness, look at the time." Shrugging because I really could care less. "You have some place else to be?" She shakes her head, grinning. "I'm free and this is fun," I lower my voice, sayingthat last word kind of chafes to admit out loud. "Let's finish our game. It's my turn." "No, you cheater, it's my turn," she retorts, laughing. "Whoa … no need for the name calling," I throw my hands in the air. "I never called you blind Bartimaeus, now did I?" I smirk as the laughter dies on her lips. "And just how do you ," She emphasizes, throwing me a skeptical look, "know about blind Bartimaeus?" "What's with the judgmental tone?" I grin. "Can't I know who he was?" Her eyes squint slightly. "You don't look like you've been anywhere near a church or a Bible. So, I'd be interested to know how you know him." I haven't been to a church in years. Actually since Me-Maw took me to Abyssinian Baptist Church in Harlem. "Aww. Who's Me-Maw?" I hadn't realized I'd slipped again, letting her into my private thoughts. "No one." Her tone softens; the teasing tone is gone. "Who is she, Masen?" "I said no one," I spit out angrily. "Hey, I'm sorry … you don't have …" Her hand curl over my fisted one atop the table, and strangely, my anger begins to dissipate. Looking down at her hand, I wonder what this dark-haired beauty doing to me. "When exactly," I clear my throat of the lump of something lodged there. "Do you leave for Vassar?" "Um … August twenty-ninth. Why?" "Oh, nothing." I gently turn our hands over, switching their position, and now I'm rubbing hers. That gives me two weeks and a day... ∞∞∞Falling∞∞∞ Two