Mark Me One-Shot Contest Title: Echo Your pen name: MrzEdCullen Characters: Edward and Bella Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Rated M Summary: Love is a force without reason. It's a cycle you can't break. And it's never black and white. Sometimes it's gray... and all-consuming. Entry for the Mark Me Contest. … A little time with you is all that I get. That's all we need because it's all we can take. Instant Crush, Daft Punk ft. Julian Casablancas. … Bella walks up the last few steps and opens the unlocked door with ease. She finds Edward typing away on his computer, with his dark blue reading glasses about to fall off his face. He doesn't look up when she sets her camera bag down on the floor next to his shoes. He'll complain about that later. She'll promise she won't do it again. And then she will. "How was work today?" he asks fifteen minutes after she's been inside the apartment. She has already drunk half a bottle of water, taken off her shoes and lain down on the couch with her stripe-socked feet up. At the sound of his voice, she stands up, brown locks spilling all over her neck and shoulders. She grins, and like an instinctual pull, Edward looks up at her and grins back. He has yet to find out why she's smiling, but it truly doesn't make a difference to him. Her smile and joy have always been a cord connected to his happiness. "I pierced a fucking anaconda today," she says. He chuckles and fixes his eyes on the computer once more. She walks closer to him, undeterred by his lack of response. "Seriously, it was huge, Edward." "Bigger than mine?" he asks, arching his pierced eyebrow at her. She nods and takes a sip of her bottle. "Much." "Ouch," he says. She finishes her water and walks across the living room to the kitchen, stepping hard on the creaking board on the steps that connect one room to the other. She opens and closes some drawers and washes some dirty dishes. Unable to be out of his sight, she goes back to the living room and messes around with the radio. The bracelets on her wrists clink little bell sounds as she moves her arms. At last, her not-so-subtle noises work and Edward stands up and goes to her, his front to her back. He places his hands on her hips, and her whole body relaxes. No one would've been able to tell how on edge she was when she arrived. Only him. It's just as well, considering it is only him who's meant to notice. With slow movements, he brushes her hair out of the way and kisses the back of her neck, where her tiny stars are. She can feel the cool metal on his lips. She licks her own, remembering the taste of silver and skin on her tongue, knowing the masculine sound that escapes him when she tugs at his lip ring with her teeth. "When are you going to pierce mine, by the way?" he asks, voice low. The thought of laying him down on her station and prepping him for it, delighting in the way he gets off on the bite of metal, makes her tremble with need. She has pierced his ears, his nipples, and his tongue in the past. He's shed most of them through the years and has only kept his lip and eyebrow rings—her favorites. "When I'm the only one who gets to enjoy the benefits," she answers. The words come out light, meant to be a joke, but they both know the weight they carry. The heaviness of the moment causes his head to fall forward, coming to rest between her shoulders. The brush of his hair tickles her back, exposed by the low cut of her blouse. His eyes fall to the sliver of skin that displays more stars at the end of her waist. They're not connected to the ones on her neck, but Edward has had fun tracing a path from top to bottom, drawing a line with his tongue. He remembers her skin singing for him. He remembers her breathless sounds. These are the memories that haunt his mind as he traces the bigger stars with his pinky finger. His hands, dirty from the blue ink of the pen he used earlier, leave a smudge on her. It disappears on her marked body the same way he has lost himself inside her before. However, thinking of her words eventually pulls him back. They both sigh, almost at the same time and with the same hurt, before their armors snap in place once more. Bella goes back to messing with the stereo, and Edward sits down again at his dinner table-turned-desk. "How am I supposed to write about a guy with an apadravya if I don't know firsthand?" he asks, frowning at his computer. "You could always ask someone else to do it," she says, not turning around to face him. She mouths the words she knows and craves he'll say. "Never. Only you, Bella." She smirks, tingling with the heat of his stare on her back. After finding a song, she goes back to the couch. Edward asks her to talk to him, and she tells him about piercing another man's dick. She pretends she's excited about it. He pretends he doesn't care. . . . . No one had ever lied to Bella when they told her that love was hard. That love hurt. When she sat down to think about it, she always pictured unrequited love. Growing up, she had always thought that the only way love hurt was when you loved alone. Little did she know that love's pain could mean so much more than that. Nobody told her you could love someone and not like them. Nobody told her you could be in perfect sync with someone else's body and heart, but not with their mind. That sometimes people's philosophies weren't compatible and that it did affect their relationship. That love wasn't always enough. "If we stay together, we'll end up hating each other," Edward had said in that poetic way he always spoke, making tragedies sound beautiful. Bella could do nothing but nod while her tears escaped her. She had no argument, because for once, he was right. . . . . Bella walks the last steps of the stairs again on Saturday night. The door is halfway open. Edward has friends over, and she finds them smoking and drinking—relaxing, as usual. The standard mess of papers on his dinner table is gone, replaced by empty bottles and filled ashtrays. The stereo is on. Edward has an unpierced, unmarked girl on his lap. They drink from the same bottle and smoke from the same cigarette. Her name is something sweet and silly, like Lissa or Luna. Bella has seen her around before. The guys—Jake, Jasper, and James—cat call Bella when they see her. They give her a bottle of beer and blow smoke in her face. Soon, she's relaxing with them, dizzy and content. Alice arrives with a bunch of new girls, but Bella's cool with them. Alice has good taste. They drink and dance, twirl and sing. Edward watches but doesn't join. Bella's too happy to care. Or so she tells herself. She almost doesn't notice when Lissa-Luna and Edward leave for the bedroom. She pretends it's not the reason she lets Jake finger her in the bathroom later that night. . . . . High school was an interesting experience for both Edward and Bella. She had arrived at Forks High in the middle of freshman year. She was the shiny new toy in town, and she loved every minute of it. Filled with life and light, Bella craved people's attention. She liked being celebrated and noticed. And in the small town of Forks, bright-colored clothes and pink-tinted hair made you stand out. She had everyone's eyes on her, except the ones she wanted: Edward's. Burdened with the middle child syndrome, Edward wanted the spotlight. With his older brother Emmett finally away for college, and his younger sister Kate still in middle school, he saw his freshman year as an opportunity to be on the receiving end of attention. But Bella stole his thunder with her loud laughter, and her bigger-than-life personality. She was like a celebrity in the school, and Edward hated her for it. Everything she did annoyed him, and when Bella discovered this, she pushed all of his buttons. She loved getting under his skin. She had never stopped. . . . . The day after the party, Bella has showered and changed and is almost reaching the door when Edward wakes up. He rolls out of bed, naked from the waist up, last night's jeans unbuttoned and falling down. Bella's favorite tattoo, the abstract swan, greets her before she can escape. She zooms in on the ink adorning his right hip. The elaborate swirls that make up the wings reach his ribcage and expand with every breath he takes. Her mouth waters like a Pavlovian dog at the sound of bells. It makes her bitter, knowing that no matter what happens, she will always recognize his melody. She can't stop herself from asking about the girl. "The girl?" Edward mocks her, but only after she's backed away from the steps. He walks her to the kitchen and starts making breakfast. "Lissa… or Luna. Whatever," Bella says. She pulls on the sleeves of the large men's shirt she's wearing and tightens her grip on her camera bag. "Let's call her Lissa-Luna," Edward says, joining her on the creaking board she's standing on, "because I honestly don't remember which one it is." He smiles, the kind of smile that is not him. The smile that makes him look mean, when he's not. Still, the glint of his lip ring makes her swallow. Flashbacks of his head between her legs, the way his green eyes looked up at her, the way he flicked his ring with his tongue before diving into her, make her step back and away from him. She promised she wouldn't do this again. Not until they were on the same page. "I have to go home," she says. He nods and doesn't say anything until she's almost reached the door. "She wasn't as good as you," he says, touching her in places deeper than her skin. Bella stops three steps away from the door and waits until he goes to her. It's what she wants, even when she won't admit it to herself. For the second time this week, Edward finds himself holding onto her hips, staring at her damn stars. He speaks to the ones on her neck, lips forming words against her skin, like he has done countless times. "That's what you want to hear, right?" he says. "They never are." Bella feels like floating, like turning around and letting him see how fucking exhilarated his words make her. She holds onto her anger instead. Surrendering to what she wants, needs, and craves will satisfy her for a moment that won't be long enough. "So you'll just keep looking?" she asks, walking a step closer to the door. Much to Bella's relief, he doesn't let her go. Not yet. "Must we do this every time?" He sighs. The sound is laced with years of frustration that neither of them can escape. They synchronize their breaths and let the tension wash over them. Edward's still gripping her hips. "Lissa-Luna sounds like a good name for a character," she says after a few heartbeats. He smiles. He can't help it. She gets him in ways no one has even come close to. And yet she can't accept the one thing that's keeping them apart. "It does, doesn't it?" She nods and takes another step