Note: This was originally posted on AO3 in January 2014. Translation for the Sindarin phrase: "Gellon ned i galar i chent gîn ned i gladhog" is "I delight when your eyes shine when you laugh." Legolas had been hesitantly informed, upon request, that Gimli was likely at the forge. Despite being in a cavern second only to Moria in expanse and impressiveness, he imagined a small forge, with several stout dwarves clanging with hammers. And he hoped Gimli would be a pleasant end to a not-nearly-as pleasant day. He had served as his father's emissary to the Dwarves in the past, and he had dealt with unfriendliness in the past. This time, in fact, it was less adversarial. When his name was announced, there was recognition – not as Thranduilion, but as a companion of Gimli, son of Glóin. The difference was marked, but it still did not set anyone at ease. Seeing Gimli, after long discussion and negotiation on the part of Greenwood, would put him at ease. When he was led through the massive pillared halls – a vast under-mountain city full of more Dwarves than he felt he'd ever seen at once – Legolas was aware of dark glances and conversations falling silent. His ears were sharper than any Dwarf's, however, and heard plenty of snippets of the secret Dwarven language; Gimli had once explained that Khuzdul, as they called their speech, was not for the ears of other kinds. There was a fear that the outsiders would learn the gift Mahal had given them alone. Place names, like Khazad-dûm, were known to some, but used so seldom in comparison to the Elven names, that the Dwarves did not mind. Indeed, Gimli said after hearing the Dwarven names on Galadriel's lips, they had never seemed more beautiful to him. But the Dwarves in Erebor reminded Legolas that he was an outsider, more so than he had been while traveling with the Fellowship. For then he had been the only one of his kind, but so had Gimli and Mithrandir. Even Aragorn and Boromir were not truly the same. Only the Hobbits had their kin, as Frodo needed their steady cheer in his dark journey. But here there were several men in any given chamber or hall of the city, and so many Dwarves it was overwhelming. Only one Elf. His guide brought him to a bridge overlooking what only the simplest-spoken race would call a forge. Massive furnaces – as tall as some of the trees of Greenwood – filled the room. The heat, to a man, would be unbearable. Indeed, there were no men present in this work-room. Legolas, like many of the Dwarves below, minded it not, for heat had as little power over him as cold did. But Dwarves were not the same, he knew, for he had seen stout and sturdy Gimli shivering in the mountain pass. Their race, however, could handle the heat of fires that could forge iron and melt gold. Along with the heat and the smell of molten metal, the air was filled with a cacophony of sounds. Chains clinked as carts of ore passed through the room, deposited into the bins atop the ovens. Hammers struck metal and anvils with furious clanks. Dwarves grunted as they worked, be it hammering or pulling gold wire. And they sang. A number of Dwarves, working together to complete one large project, worked in rhythm by chanting and singing in low tones. Their voices were rough, but appealing to the Elf's ears. It was their language, lifted in hearty song so their hammers would fall together and they could move flawlessly around the sheet of gold. Legolas recognized nothing but the word "Khazad", that he had once heard on his friend's tongue, and on the lips of the Lady of Lórien. They crescendoed together, and with a mighty crash synchronized hammers fell. Legolas inhaled sharply, almost enjoying the smells of molten gold and iron-forged tools. He watched the Dwarves continue to move and work in synchronization, continue to monitor their pace with song. "Wait here," his guide said curtly, and scampered away. He kept his eye on the scene below, scanning the crowd to find his friend. There were no helms, no armor. It alarmed him to know that he recognized Gimli more by his battle gear than by the look of his head or the shape of his body. He was not facing Legolas, of that the Elf was certain. For he knew without a shadow of a doubt that he would never forget Gimli's face. Some of the Dwarves did mind the heat to some degree, it seemed. A few of them had removed their tunics and shirts, and Legolas was fascinated to see muscled torsos where he expected none. Thick waists and barrel chests were not something he associated with defined, chiseled bodies. He was used to the human extremes, and to Elven types. "There is much to learn about your people," he mused. He knew not enough about the Dwarves, and he decided, in that moment, that he would have to change that. His keen eyes continued to flit from Dwarf to Dwarf, searching for Gimli. He wondered if perhaps Gimli was among the bare-chested, and perhaps that was why he did not see him right away. The singing stopped suddenly, and many of the hammers paused with it. Murmurs began in that strange, glottal language, low enough that Legolas suspected that they did not know how keen an Elf's hearing really was. "We are so covetous of our secrets that once it was known an Elf stood here, they felt the need to stop singing," Gimli's rough voice said from behind. "But you can hear their whispers, can you not?" Legolas turned and nodded. "Maybe I will learn your language after all, and hear your words of Aglarond in the language that best suits their beauty." "You will not," Gimli said, closing the gap between them. "For there are some secrets between friends that are meant to be kept. Have you been waiting long?" He wore no armor, his short corslet replaced with a simple burnt-gold tunic. His shirt sleeves beneath were rolled up, his forearms thick and dark as though he'd been among smoke and ash. But his face – ah, it was more familiar and more loved than any other Legolas knew, and he was relieved to see his friend again. He reached out and clasped his arm affectionately. "I'll ruin your clothes," Gimli murmured, but he did not pull away. "You're dressed like a princeling today, albeit a traveling princeling." "My father had need of a messenger. When I learned his dealings were in Erebor, I offered myself immediately. Had it been Dale, I would have done the same, knowing that you were so near." "Will you stay long?" "I am not needed back immediately," Legolas replied. "Am I interrupting your work?" He gestured to the workers below, who had resumed their tasks, but not in harmony. "I work not with them. They are assisting in the rebuilding of Dale. Many of the Dwarves are repairing the stonework as we speak, and the rest are going to repair what metal-work we can. Today they work in gold for the first time in weeks – which is why you heard that particular song. As much as Dwarves love working in stone and iron, gold is a treat." "What are you working on, then?" Gimli simply invited Legolas to follow him. "I would have you see what I do, rather than describe it to you." They walked through a narrower passage and down numerous stairs, into a smaller room that was the kind of forge Legolas had initially imagined. It was a place for one or two smiths to work, filled with tables and tools, including a metal bucket filled with a horrible-smelling liquid. "This is what I've been working on," Gimli said, showing Legolas a table where the head of an axe rested. "Today I completed the etchings." Dwarven runes were marked in the metal. Legolas's hand hovered over them, but he didn't dare touch. The design was simple: words ran along the curves which would eventually be sharpened into deadly blades. Toward the center was a large circle, and within was a design reminiscent of the doors of Moria. "What does it say?" he asked softly. "It's my tale. I'm the only Dwarf alive who has seen the majesty of Khazad-dûm, and this axe tells how it came to be." He gestured to one line of runes. "This means 'The Nine Walkers'." "It's perfect," Legolas said, surprised that he could be awed by a double-headed axe. Perhaps seeing the High Elven trees wrapped around pillars, next to the hammer and anvil, reminded him that their journey brought more than an end to Sauron. "My axe was notched, you remember, on that orc's collar in Helm's Deep," Gimli said with a slight scowl. "I could do nothing until I'd designed and created a new one." "Were there no other axes available to you?" Gimli blinked. "A Dwarf rarely chooses to use arms he did not craft. Before we learn to fight, we learn to forge our own weapons. Axes, in particular, are one of the most sacred to my people. It helps us create kindling for fire, so we may do our work, as well as defend ourselves." "Like the bow is useful for hunting, as well as bringing down our enemies." Legolas did not voice his next thought – that he could bring food to the fire that was kindled by the wood of Gimli's axe. Elf and Dwarf, working together. There was something about it that brought him joy. "Is this close to finished, or will it be long ere you return to Minas Tirith to forge the gates of iron and mithril?" During their travel north from Fangorn there had been much discussion of those gates, as well as the gardens Legolas wanted to plant. He had even seen, during one of their evening rests, drawings Gimli created in the dirt to explain what he imagined they would look like. "It is strange for an Elf to be so interested in your metal work, is it not?" Legolas asked. "At least, an Elf who does not dabble in the craft himself." "Ah, tis no stranger than the Dwarf who listened eagerly to your stories of the stars, or your knowledge of the trees." Gimli gave a bark of laughter, moving to a bucket of water in the corner. He rinsed his arms of their dirt, then yanked his tunic over his head before replacing it with a clean one. "Gellon ned i galar i chent gîn ned i gladhog." "What did you say?" Gimli asked, his head still trapped under cloth. "Nothing," Legolas answered. "Nothing important." "Likely lamenting the lack of trees and starlight," Gimli scoffed. His head was free again, and he began rolling his sleeves down. "Will you be staying here in the Lonely Mountain, at least tonight?" "I-it was not offered to me." His words were met with a glare. "My kin still hold grudges against your father, even though they fought the hosts of Dol Guldur together." "They are also mourning the loss of their leader, and repairing damages, and have other things to consider." Legolas had never thought to consider receiving hospitality from the Dwarves. His plan had been to visit with his friend and stay in Dale, if he planned to stay at all. Or simply wander throughout the night, greeting the stars as they appeared in the night sky. "Mourning has ended," Gimli said brusquely. "Otherwise you would not see so many working. I should share my sharp words with those who offered you no room or meal." "Perhaps I should just take my meal wherever you do." "Aye, that would be pleasant, though a simple fare. Follow me." They took a different passage this