Okay I hope people still read twilight fanfics because I have been wanting to write one ever since the movies ended and just now decided to do it. It also has to do with the fact that I'm not a great english writer so I apologize in advance. It's not my native language and my teacher used to tell me I sucked at writings. However, this story has been on my mind a lot so I decided to do something about it. Chapter 1: A party "I wish you could move in with us," Alice told me laying the back of her hand on my palm. I smiled with the satisfactory feeling of being wanted somewhere. "I could live with you, I just think I'm okay where I am right now." On the corner of my eye Alice frowned. I knew she didn't understand it but she would accept it anyway. That was our way; sometimes we accepted each others quirky traits without debating much whether they made sense or not. This — however — was the second time she had let that thought out of her mind, which meant that she truly meant it and when Alice meant things it was a matter of time until it happened. I knew it would happen. Either she was exceedingly convincing or I was awfully willingly. The truth was that at the moment I may have not looked like I was happy where I lived but I actually was. No one could ever complain about living with granny Mary, she was too good and too pure for someone to have negative thoughts about her. Yeah, she had kind of an old mind, with old ideas of how things should be done but still, she was very open to new forms. For example, she would have never divorced my grandfather, but she accepted it when Renée told her she was coming back home with me after splitting up with my dad. And my granny, she loved Charlie. She used to say he was the best son in law she could have asked for. My mom hated that. I think she did it because she didn't want to like my father. But the fact that my grandmother had accepted she was no longer with him didn't mean she was happy about it. Gran would go on and on about her recollection of moments, like how beautiful it was that time when he showed up to the house for their senior prom. She would bring these random memories on the table while we were having dinner and it would all end in a fight. My mom would go to her room and slam the door as if she was back at age sixteen. I would remain quiet, always. Eventually, with the money Charlie passed, a loan, and some money she had saved from different jobs, we got a small apartment and moved out of granny's house. It was in bad terms. Initially my mom had intended to ask gran for money. My grandparents had always been sort of wealthy. Enough to travel around and still live comfortably. But my grandma, having lost my grandpa — her husband — a long time ago had accustomed herself to finally living with people again and she didn't want us to move. I didn't want to move. It didn't matter to Renée because we ended up moving and she and grandma ended up not speaking to each other anymore. I was not leaving with my mother anymore, though. I was back with my grandmother, which was good. Alice, however, thought that I was murdering my social life. Like it haven't already been murdered. I didn't mind leaving with her. At moments, when I momentarily worried about things like social life and my sex life I thought that maybe if I suddenly had interest in those, it might get a little complicated. I certainly couldn't bring a man to the house with my grandmother sleeping in the next room. This scenario explicitly came into my mind because Alice was the one who had thought of it. Because no, I wasn't thinking about sleeping with guys. Not when finally I was beginning a new life. There was so much more than that — I hoped. Alice would come up with the next argument: "You already started your new life. You moved out from your mother's house and started college four years ago, Bella." So what if I was taking a little more time into inducing myself out there? I was an introvert person, I didn't see anything wrong with it and I knew neither did Alice. But she was always so excited to start something new. I didn't know what. From the little things I knew about her back at her hometown, her life had changed a lot once she came to live to Washington. I still questioned myself how did someone like her ended up here and not somewhere like Los Angeles or New York. I never asked her, but I would make sure to ask her that once she stopped talking. I'm such a bad friend. I'm not even listening. "… But she didn't want to go. So I want you to come with me," was what I started to hear. I turned my head to the right looking at her but she was staring at the ceiling. Both of us were laying on her bed with our heads resting on the mattress. I loved these times with Ali, they were quiet and she was tranquil. It's not that I didn't like her when she was her usual imperative self but it was also nice to just lay down and talk about nothing in particular. "To go where?" I asked confused. I already didn't like the idea of having to go somewhere. "To that welcome back party on Friday." I opened my eyes taken aback to hear the word party. Alice sat up looking at me with tired eyes. "Bella, where you even listening?" "Yes." I lied smiling politely trying to get her to not get mad. Even if for us that was impossible. "What welcome back party?" "See, you weren't." She sighed. "The guys invited us to a welcome back party for Emmett's brother who is returning back from I don't know where. Rosalie doesn't want to go, so I want you to come with me." what? What she said had me so confused I had to sat up as well. "Wait, what guys? who is Emmett?" Alice was getting irritated, she rolled her eyes letting out an exasperated breath and then, just like it always happened, she ended up smiling instead of getting angry. I loved that about her, she was always so patient. "Always with that pretty head in the clouds, Isabella Swan." Smiling sweetly Alice shook her head in resignation before sighting again and beginning to explain me everything in a more detailed course. "Okay so Emmett is that guy from Royce King's work," she said grimacing with antipathy at Rosalie's rich boyfriend name. She didn't like him. "We run into him yesterday at that coffee shop near that construction Rose always asks me to meet her because it's close to wear Royce works. She likes to go and visit him later. Anyway, this guy — Emmett, was there with a friend of him," She kept explaining. A smile spread across her lips and she looked to the ceiling again. "You have to meet that guy, Bella, he was so, so, so, so, so hot." She said while making little jumps on the bed. I couldn't help but smile. "Alice, chill. So…" I told her impatiently wanting to hear what that had to do with me going somewhere with her. "Rose was all like… well you know, moody like she always is," she said rolling her eyes. Yeah, I believe I was well acquainted with Rosalie's bad mood. "I asked them to come and sit with us and we talked a little until they mentioned Emmett's brother was coming back and they wanted to throw him a party. Emmett kind of asked Rose but his friend, Jasper, told me it would be really cool if I went as well." She squealed the final part grabbing my arm and tugging it. I looked at her a little puzzled. I got it. She was invited to a party by a handsome guy. In what plan did she thought it would be okay to go with me? They obviously had invited her and Rosalie to go. Not her, Rosalie and Bella. Besides the fact that I wouldn't go to a welcome back party for someone who I didn't even know? who does that? Oh wait, I knew… "Well good luck with that," I told her leaning my back back on the bed. She frowned and looked at me crossing her arms. "You have to come with me!" She exclaimed. I laughed while I shook my head because the simple idea of it was absurd. "You can go with Rosalie. You always go with her to parties." "Yeah but she doesn't want to go to this one." She said and by her tone I had the feeling that she also had said this to me before. "Why?" I asked curiously. Rosalie might be sort of a rude and cold person but she never said no to going out with Alice — unless she was already going out with her also rude and cold boyfriend. "She says Emmett is after her and it's pathetic because he knows she has a boyfriend, after all, Emmett works for him. Also, she doesn't want to be seen with pathetic people." I couldn't help but laugh again, that definitely sounded like Rosalie. "You should have seen her face when I asked them to sit with us. If looks could killed she would be charged with triple murder." It was not as if I didn't like Rosalie. She never exactly gave me a chance to make me like her but I respected her, I could say I even admired her. I had the feeling she felt completely opposite towards me. Every time I was in a room with her I felt like she thought of me as Alice stupid shy best friend. The truth was that yeah, I was probably shy and a little stupid but she also intimidated me a lot. When Alice introduced me to her, she was just Alice new roommate. Someone who I thought was going to be nice and sweet enough to tolerate leaving with someone like my best friend. I never expected to meet Rosalie Hale , killer legs, body, and everything to be honest. Not only that, she was so sharp. Quick responses, didn't even waste and extra second on you. I wanted to make her like me but I didn't know how to do that with someone like her. I didn't even understand how was that she was looking for a roommate. She seemed to have a really successful career, a rich boyfriend, owner of numerous buildings on Seattle. I imagined her living alone in a Penthouse or with her boyfriend living like some sort of super power couple. "So don't go." I finally replied to her shrugging. It was all I could think of and I knew she was not going to accept that as an answer. "Bella, now you're just being mean." I rolled my eyes. I had a pretty obvious idea of how this was going to end and I was so willingly going to fight it. "I dreamed of him you know," she commented laying back next to me again. This time I sighed loudly and tiredly. "Not this again." "Excuse you, it happened to be a very legitimate premonition." Alice believed she could see the future and that her visions came in form of dreams. She told me that the week after we met she had a dream that informed her we