Merry Christmas, to those who celebrate it. The prompt on this one was "New Year's Kiss" but leave it to me to turn it into a twisted monster, right? Enjoy. "There's a circus coming to town." I look up. Cecil is leaning over a newspaper on the kitchen table, a contemplative look on his face. He glances up at me, and grins. "Sounds cool, right?" he says, standing. "What does?" Lou Ellen interrupts, emerging from the next room over, chewing on a snickers bar. She leans over Cecil's shoulder, and a look of disgust passes over her face. "A circus? Really, Cecil? Those are gross things." "Gross?" he repeats, sounding scandalized. I sigh, returning to my homework as I take another bite of toast. "Circuses are incredible things of mystical wonder." Lou shakes her head, throwing her hands up and making her way to the fridge. "No. There are clowns there and the makeup is horrendous." Cecil makes a noise of despair in the back of his throat and turns to me. "Will? Back me up, will you?" he cries, running over to me and throwing his arms around my neck. I grunt and drop my toast on my homework. Annoyed, I shove him off and pick up my toast. There's a mark of butter on my paper. I glare at him. "Just for this," I say angrily, gesturing to the butter, "I'm siding with Lou." He makes an exaggerated cry and drops into the chair next to me. I roll my eyes and make an attempt to salvage my work with a napkin. "Thank you, Will," Lou says, clearing my paper with a wave of her hand. I grin up at her and finish off my breakfast and my homework on the bone structure of a human hand. "I don't know why you even bother with going medical school," Cecil moans, slamming his head on the back of the chair and covering his eyes with his arm. "You were the best medic Camp Half-Blood has seen in centuries. You could pass that test while dying of the black plague." Quietly flattered, I huff and poke him harshly in the side. "Mortals don't take my heritage as a good excuse for not going to school," I remind him, and he just groans again. "Speaking of," Lou says, and I glance at her. She points at the clock ticking away on the wall. "You're late for class." "Shit!" I gather my things quickly and stuff them in my backpack, then bolt for the door, pulling my jacket from the back of the chair as I go. When I make it to the door, I reach up for my keys, normally hanging on the hook between the door and the window, and feel my heart stop when they're not there. "My keys!" I yell, dropping my bag and rushing back into the kitchen, where Cecil and Lou are still sitting. "Where are my~" I break off as Cecil dangles my keys on his index finger. "You dirty thief," I snarl, and he laughs loudly. "Agree to go to the circus and you'll get your keys back, William," he says gleefully, eyes dancing and wild. I grit my teeth and huff, "Fine," to which Cecil tosses my keys over. "You won't regret it," he calls, as I run back to the door, scoop up my bag, and run outside to my car and Lou starts cussing him out. … "How's school, Will?" Mom asks me, just to break the silence. "Easy," I reply, knowing it'll piss her off, to be reminded of her tryst with Apollo. Sure enough, her jaw tightens, and she looks back down at her plate, digging into her chicken harshly. I roll my eyes and continue to push the food around, not particularly hungry for the food my stepfather prepared. I don't trust that he didn't poison it. He and my mom married about three years ago, after six years of dating and two kids. My half brothers are eight and six years old, now, and it creates a great divide in the family. I'm nearly twenty-five, now, almost out of collage, the child of my mom's slutty teenage years. It's not that my mom hates me, or loves me any less, it's just that I don't get along with my stepfather, and since she married him, she's starting to resent me and her past, and so I distance myself by staying out of their lives as much as I can. "Will?" My youngest stepbrother, Adam, speaks up, and I look up at him immediately from across the table. He makes a face at being pinned so suddenly by my icy gaze, and I make an effort to soften my face, so that he sees his older brother and not the half-blood warrior I am. It works. He grins at me, excited, and tells me about a school project he just presented, about what he wanted to be when he grows up, about how he said he wanted to be a doctor just like me. "Ms. G was very happy with my coloring," he says, pulling the paper out from under the table to show me. My heart warms, and I take the paper. "You should be an artist instead," I say, and he grins brilliantly. "I'd rather save people like you do. Artists aren't heroes," he says, and I huff out a laugh, trying not to appear too affected. "Well, thank you, Adam," I tell him, handing the paper back. Out of the corner of my eye, I see my mother's happy face and my resentment builds. I look back down at my plate and wish that I were back home with Cecil and Lou Ellen. At least they accept me for who I am. My stepfather stands up, and the boys glance at him. "Simon, what do you say about getting the dishes cleared, and Adam, can you get Scrabble from the closet?" he says it like a suggestion, but it's clear the boys know it's not, as they bolt to do as they were asked immediately. I grit my teeth. "Do you like Scrabble, Will?" my stepfather asks, and I roll my eyes. "I'm dyslexic, as you know, Ben," I huff, leaning my elbow on the table and resting my chin in my hand as Adam sets up the board. "Then I guess you wouldn't like to play," Ben suggests, and I glare at him while he glares at Adam, who, under the pressure of his dad, doesn't give me any pieces. I wave it off, and Adam relaxes slightly. I stand up. My mom stands, too, while the Ben watches me with disinterest and the boys look at me sadly. "I'd better leave anyway," I say, and step away from the table to make my way to the door. I grab my jacket from the coat hanger and pull it on, plucking my keys and wallet from the bowl next to the door. "Must you go?" Mom asks, and I shrug. I reach for the door and pull it open, stepping outside. I close the door behind me without answering. … It occurs to me to grab milk on the way back to the apartment Cecil, Lou, and I share, as we ran out yesterday and neither of them ever do the shopping. I flick on my blinker and pull into the grocery store parking lot, trying to find a spot in the darkening lot. I eventually locate one and pull into it, uncaring that the car isn't straight or that it's a handicap spot. I lock the car after stepping out and rush up to the front door. It's starting to snow. I cross the street and go to enter the building, and collide with someone on my way in. "I'm sorry, I~" I stop speaking instantly as the man looks up, and our eyes meet. He sucks in a sharp breath and shakes his head. "It's fine," he says, sounding winded, and ducks around me. Heart racing, I turn, but of course the entrance to the store is under a cover to protect the entrance from snow and rain. Shadows from the lights provide many places for him to run. And run he did. He always does. I let Nico di Angelo slip through my fingers again. … Lou Ellen was never a woman to take any shit. Not at Camp, and certainly not now. She slaps Cecil around all the time, since the Son of Hermes is a master of bullshit. It's not often that she starts slapping me around, though. However, that's exactly what she does when I tell her and Cecil about my little incident at the grocery store. She slaps me hard across the face, and Cecil looks haunted, not coming to help me. My head snaps to the side and my hair falls into my eyes. I glare at her, rubbing the spot, and demand, "What the hell, Lou?" "How could you let him go, again?" she screams instead of answering, and all of my steam runs out. I drop my hand and run my fingers through my hair as I lean back against the couch. I shake my head. "I don't know. I don't know." I close my eyes as the tears start to fall. Lou makes a strangled noise in her throat and sits next to me so that our thighs are touching, and pulls my head close to rest on her shoulder while she wraps her other arm around me. That does it for me, and all the tears that I've held in for six, almost seven years come rushing out as I sob onto her shoulder. I finally allow myself to grieve for Nico di Angelo. "I just can't believe he's come back to New York after all this time," Cecil mumbles, and it's distant in my ears. I can't quite make out the words, but I get the meaning. I cling to Lou and shake my head, crying harder. … Lou sent me to bed a long time ago, but sleep evades me. I can't help but think of how Nico had looked this evening, in comparison to how he had looked as a bold, self-hating, fading fourteen year old. He looked stronger. Tired, but certainly not as bad as it had been. He was taller; though not by much, and not anywhere near as tall as I am. His hair was longer, just as dark. He looked exactly as I always imagined he would, as he grew up. And the image haunts me as I toss and turn in my bed. … "I still can't believe how easy it was to get you to come with me to this circus," Cecil says, jumping around excitedly, looking at the big top with the same look a five year old would get in a candy store. I sigh and Lou grumbles her displeasure under her breath. The show starts in an hour, but there's a small carnival surrounding it that Cecil had wanted to enjoy before seeing the show. So here we are. "Cotton candy!" Cecil yelps, taking off through the crowd to some unseen cotton candy stall. Lou stares after him, looking annoyed. "Remind me again why I'm friends with him?" she asks me, trudging through the snow on the ground while she goes in the opposite direction of Cecil. "No idea," I answer primly, and she snickers. Then she screams. People turn to stare at her, eyes wide, but I just wave them away, pulling her close to my side and away from the clown making animal balloons for children. I tug her to a side tent, one that advertises the opportunity to act like one of their performers- a knife thrower. "Why don't you show these people how it's done?" I whisper in her ear, and she looks up at me, a mischievous glint overcoming the fear in her brown eyes.