A/N To the Guest user who's been commenting on Harry Potter and the Bite, please stop. This unknown individual has been leaving reviews insulting me. Please stop. Or at the very least use insults that actually apply to me? I'm not Japanese, but this person called me a Jap. Is that an actual offensive term? Because I usually hear it used as an insult and would like to avoid using it if it is an insult. I do not own the rights to Harry Potter. Chapter One: The Letters The sound of letters falling through the letterbox was the signal for the daily shout. Well, daily apart from Sunday's. "Boy! Go and get those letters!" "Yes, Uncle Vernon" squeaked the small bespectacled boy with scruffy, black hair. Harry James Potter jumped down from the table and ran to the hall. He picked up the letters and quickly looked through them. Vernon Dursley, looks like a bill. Vernon Dursley, another bill. Vernon Dursley, looks like a work invitation. Dudley Dursley, some sort of letter. Petunia Dursley, a woman's magazine of some sort. Harry stopped. The bright green lettering on this letter made him completely forget about all the others. Mr. Harry James Potter, The Cupboard Under The Stairs, 4 Privet Drive, Little Whinging, Surrey. "BOY! THOSE LETTERS HAD BETTER BE HERE IN THE NEXT FIVE SECONDS!" Harry quickly went back into the kitchen and gave Uncle Vernon the letters. "What took you so long? Were you checking for letter bombs?" He laughed at his own joke. Harry sat down and opened his letter. As he was pulling the letter out of the envelope, Dudley snatched the letter out of his hands and screamed. "MUM, DAD! HARRY'S GOT A LETTER! SOME WEIRDO SENT HARRY A LETTER!" He shoved it under his father's obese chin. Vernon took the letter from his son and dropped the rest onto the table. No one noticed that Petunia took more than just her magazine. Vernon read the letter silently. His eyes bulged out and he passed it to Petunia. "Dudley got one too." Dudley and Vernon looked at Harry in shock. Petunia looked horrified that Harry had noticed it. Vernon looked through the letters on the table. "No, he didn't." Harry frowned. "I definitely saw one. 'Mr Dudley Donald Dursley, The Second Biggest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive.' It was definitely there." Harry started to check under the table. Vernon turned to Petunia. "Petty? Was there a letter?" Petunia sighed. "Boys, leave the room." Dudley took offence to this. "NO! If there's a letter for me I want to read it! And the Freak's!" Whilst Dudley had been talking, Petunia had given Vernon the letter and his face now resembled a fat tomato. "BOYS! GET OUT AT ONCE!" Both boys quickly did. The door slammed behind them. Harry turned to Dudley. "That's the first time they've ever shouted at you." Dudley looked thoughtful for maybe the first time in his life. He quickly put his ear against the keyhole. Harry, realising what he was doing, put his ear against the crack at the bottom of the door. "Petty, is our son a freak?" "They only send these letters to freaks. But when Lily got her letter someone from that freak school came. Some Scottish bitch. She said that she came to explain magic to muggleborns. Muggle is their word for normal people. Muggleborns are freaks born to normal people. But if Duddikins is a freak... then maybe there was a mixup at the hospital? Maybe we got the wrong baby and the Scottish freak is going to a different house to tell them that their child is a freak? Because if a freak is born to decent people then she'd show up. And she's not here, so..." "Maybe it's because we already know about freaks? After all, what's the point in telling someone who already knows about freaks that freaks exist? It would be like me telling you that my name is Vernon. You already know that, so it's pointless." "Maybe if we ignore it they'll leave us alone?" "Maybe." Harry looked at Dudley. This was the first time he saw Dudley as a person and not a mindless bully. Dudley was blinking hard to stop Harry from seeing him cry. "I-I'm a freak?" His sadness turned to anger. "You. You made me a freak! You made me like you!" Harry could see the danger. "I don't know what they meant. They mentioned magic and magic's not real, is it?" Dudley punched Harry in the face, muttering about freaks. A few weeks passed, with everyone ignoring the increasing amounts of letters being sent to the house. Harry and Dudley kept trying to get one, so they could know why they were freaks. On the 31st July 1991, there was a knock at the door. "Boy. Get the door." Harry was already going before Uncle Vernon had finished speaking. He opened the door and was shocked to see a very flamboyant Gandalf wearing shocking pink robes with a bizarre pattern. He had a beard that looked as though he had difficulty avoiding tripping over it. "Hello, may I speak with Mr and Mrs Dursley please?" "Uncle Vernon, Aunt Petunia. There's someone here for you." The ostrich was the first to arrive, followed closely by the walrus and their son. None of the Dursley's knew what to say. The stranger decided to break the ice. "My name is Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore. I have come to enquire why you haven't replied to my letters, are you not receiving them?" The name Dumbledore let them know they were dealing with a freak. "Go away, you old faggot! We don't want to deal with the likes of you! We won't pay for The Boy to go to that Freak school of yours!" "You don't have to," said Dumbledore calmly. "Hogwarts will cover all expenses if you can't afford Dudley's education." The effect this had on the Dursley's was instantaneous. The two adult Dursley's were terrified at Dudley and Harry becoming aware of Dudley's freakishness, something they had been prepared to ignore. Dudley's face fell as someone confirmed what he'd heard his parents talking about. Petunia spoke this time. "Our son is not. A. F-FREAK!" "I completely agree, Mrs Dursley." This surprised Vernon, Petunia and Dudley. "No one in this room is a freak." "The Potter Brat you dumped on us is! Just like his parents!" Vernon's chins wobbled as he shouted. Dumbledore looked sadly at Petunia. "I think Voldemort might be alive." The effect this had on Petunia was obvious. She was terrified. "H-he is? How?" "I strongly suspect he used the Dark Arts to survive his body's death. There are rituals that could bring him back to life. He would go after Harry. And Harry's last surviving family." "Petty, is this 'Moldywart' the freak that killed your sister?" Petunia nodded. "Would we be at more risk with Dudley going to this school?" Dumbledore answered. "No, Voldemort hates muggles. Voldemort is very similar to the muggle Adolf Hitler, if you replace Jews with Muggles or Muggleborns. Can we talk about this away from the children? Not all of it will be appropriate for eleven year olds to hear." "We can talk about it in the kitchen, I don't want my Duddikins to hear inappropriate things." Dudley scowled. The adults went into the kitchen. The door shut and there was a locking noise. Dudley glared at a grinning Harry. "Don't say a thing," he warned. "I get the keyhole." Dumbledore serenely glanced over his glasses at the Dursley's. "Well, what do you want to know?" Vernon went right in. "I want to know why you Freaks didn't tell us that the Potter brat would turn our precious Dudders into a Freak!" Before Dumbledore could respond, Petunia did. "It doesn't work like that Vernon. If it did, Lily's magic would've turned me into a witch. It didn't, though I wanted it to." This stunned Vernon for a bit. "You, you wanted to be a witch?" Petunia smiled ruefully. "When they got told Lily was a witch, my parents were overjoyed. They were proud to have a witch in the family. They spent even less time with me than they already did. I thought they loved Lily more. I destroyed my relationship with my sister because of it." Her eyes filled with regret. "That's not going to happen with Dudley." She looked determinedly at Vernon. "If we let Dudders go to Hogwarts, we have to stop calling witches and wizards freaks." Vernon looked shocked. "Of course. If we called them freaks then Dudley'd think we included him in that. Alright, Dumbledore. You mentioned that Moldywank was wizard Hitler. Do a lot of people support him?" Dumbledore looked down sadly. "Unfortunately, the wizarding world is not without its bigotry. The majority of Pureblood supremacists are Slytherins. Which is the House I fear your son will be placed in." "Can't you just put him in a different house?" "I'm afraid not, Mr Dursley. Your Hogwarts House is chosen by the Sorting Hat. It belonged to Godric Gryffindor, one of the schools Founders. Each of the Founders put a bit of their personality into it, so they could ensure that the students placed in their House would be the type of students they would have chosen. I play no part in the Sorting." Both Dursley's were concerned at this. "Are there any teachers who work with the Slithering students?" "Each House has a Head of House. The Head of Slytherin made a mistake many years ago that he would like to repent for. I feel confident that he will try to protect Dudley without revealing that he is." The Dursley's were confused. "Why wouldn't he reveal that he is protecting Dudley from bullies?" "Because if Voldemort returns, Severus will be my spy in his organisation." Petunia snapped her head round at the familiar name. "Severus? As in Severus Snape? Lily's friend?" Dumbledore glanced at Petunia. "Why, yes. Though they weren't friends at the end of Lily's life." Petunia frowned. "Why not? Don't get me wrong; I didn't like him and I'm glad Lily stopped being friends with him, but why weren't they friends?" Dumbledore sighed. "Severus was being bullied by a man who had yet to grow up. Lily tried to get this man to stop and Severus lashed out in anger. He called Lily a mudblood, which is a derogatory term for muggleborn. I fear Dudley will hear quite a lot of it. Professors will punish anyone who is heard using it." Vernon looked thoughtful. "Do you people use our post?" Dumbledore turned to Vernon. "No. We use owls to communicate." Vernon was shocked. "Owls?" "Yes, we write letters and give them to an owl. The owl then flies to the recipient and they receive the letter. I'm aware that you aren't fully comfortable with the existence of magic, so I will arrange a mutual acquaintance of ours to deliver them." Vernon was suspicious. "Mutual acquaintance?" "Mrs Figg is a squib. That is, a non magic person born to two magical people." "Oh, so the opposite of a muggleborn?" Vernon asked, using his limited experience of magic to explain this. "Precisely. Oh, you will have a large backlog of money you should have been receiving for raising Harry." Vernon's mouth went dry. "What?" "Lily and James Potter left a vault of money to be used by whoever raised Harry. It is intended to be used for raising Harry. You would have had access to it by going to Diagon Alley. Which is where you'll have to go to buy the boys school equipment." "How do we get there?" "At Charing Cross Road in London there is a pub called the Leaky Cauldron. It can only be seen by muggles if they are touching a witch or wizard. I will meet you there tomorrow and you will be let in." Then Vernon realised a potential problem.