Renesmee's POV. I was in my room, Rosalind and Mary where spread on my bed, while Aaron, Allan, and Caleb where on the ground. "you know what would be awesome" my brother Caleb said from below my feet on the ground. "what would be awesome Caleb" I said in a annoyed voice. He got up and took his tongue out of me. Me and Caleb are biological brother and sisters, our parents are Isabella Marie Swan-Cullen, and Edward Anthony Masen Cullen, I was born when mom was human on September 10, 2008,I have dads color hair bronze, and moms chocolate brown eyes, and now a really curvy body that my father, grandfather, brother, Male Cousins and Uncles don't like because of boys even though I have my fiancé Jacob black. My full name is Renesmee Carlie Masen Cullen, Dad and mom or everyone for that matter call me by Carlie, Nessie or Ness I don't get called by my full name unless I'm in trouble. Which happens more then I would like, since I have a father who reads minds. Anyway my brother who was born after my mother was changed. how? Well you know curiosity killed the cat. My grandfather the hot and charming Dr. Carlisle Cullen well he was in his study doing god knows what. He came up with a liquids that if women vampires where to drink there reproductive systems in there body would to reactivate for one birth per drink. Well of course my mother was to excited and decided to try. Well lets just say a month after that she conceived my annoying 5 years younger brother Caleb. He was born on November 20, 2013. His full name is Caleb Anthony Masen Cullen, we call him by Cabe, Masen or Jr. He has messy black hair, clear green eyes and body of a male model. He looks like dad just with darker hair and green eyes. The second couple to try was Uncle Jasper and Aunty Alice, on May 17, 2015, 7 years younger then me my cousin Aaron Richard Whitlock Hale-Cullen. What a mouth full. But we usually call him Rick, Ricky or by his first name. He has wavy dirty blonde hair, like Jasper, Mildly Muscular, and clear hazel green eyes. Uncle Jasper's twin. The third couple to try was Uncle Emmett and Aunty Rosalie. On October 5, 2017, 9 years younger then me. My twin cousins. First Allan Dale McCarty Cullen, we call him by Dale or Bear, I know cute. He has long black hair, really I mean very muscular body, and my favorite clear blue eyes. Then second Rosalind Emilia McCarty Cullen, we call her by Rosy, Rosa, or Emma. She has long Wavy dirty blonde hair, curvy body, and clear blue eyes. Since every couple had 2 children, Uncle Jasper and Aunty Alice wanted to try for the second child. On August 15, 2019 11 years younger then me my lovely baby cousin Mary Elizabeth Whitlock Hale-Cullen. Again mouth full. But don't worry she has nicknames, we call her May, Liz, Eliza, or Beth. She has long flowy dirty blonde hair, drop dead curvy body, and Clear hazel green eyes. Well that my cousin's and brother for you. "Nessie, Nessie you there?" my brother was wavy his hand in front of my face, I looked at him. "what?" I asked confused. "you where out of it for 5 minutes" Caleb told me. I shook my head. "sorry day dreaming" I lied smoothly. Caleb laughed. "day dreaming about Jake boo" Caleb teased me. I glad at him. "you know what Caleb-" I was interrupted by Dad yelling from the other room. " Renesmee Carlie Cullen don't you dare finish that sentence or there well be consequences" I gulped "sorry daddy" I said quickly. I heard him sighed. Caleb laughed "Caleb you too young man, leave your older sister alone" dad yelled at Caleb, I smirked he stuck his tongue at me " yes dad" he sighed. "so what would be awesome Caleb" Aaron brought us back to our earlier convocation. "aw yes, well wouldn't it be awesome to meet our parents in the past, before any of us where born" he looked at me "meet mom when she was human" Hmm that would be pretty cool. "that would be awesome, to bad there's no such thing as a time traveling machine" I said, Caleb pouted "always have to ruin my fun" I laughed. " that's what older sisters are supposed to do." There was a knock on the door. "come in" the door opened and mom came in. " time for bed" she told us. " all you guys are going to be sleeping in here." she said unsure. We all nodded. "well ok, go to sleep and behave, you guys don't want your fathers to come up here" she warned us. We nodded. "ok love you guys" she said, me and Caleb both said "love you mom" Aaron, Allan, Rosalind and Mary said "love you Aunty" she smiled and left the room. I got up to close the shade of my window. When a bright star flew across the dark night " guys come quick shooting star" I said excited. They ran to the window "make a wish" I said softly We closed our eyes ' I wish I could meet my parents in the past, before I was born, to meet my mother when she was still human' we opened our eyes at the same time. "ok time for bed" they groaned but knew better then to fight with me because then they would be in trouble with there fathers. It was me, Mary and Rosalind on my king size bed, and Aaron, Allan and Caleb on the ground sleeping with sleeping-bags. I closed my eyes and let the slumber over take me. I woke up my back wet and aching. I opened my eyes to see darkness around me. I sat up and realized I was in the woods at night, a place my father prohibited, if not with anyone. " Caleb!" I shouted scared. "hmm, let me sleep Ness" he said sleepy. I looked over to my side and saw Mary sleeping under a tree, Rosalind next to her. Aaron and Allan where both In the middle of the small clearing and Caleb was next to me. I shooked him. "ugh what is it Nessie" he sat up rubbing his eyes "look around you Caleb" I hissed . He yawned and opened his eyes, they became more alert and widen in surprise. "where the hell are we" he said in shock. " in the woods" I said obviously. He still at me "why, and how?" I sighed exasperated "you think I know" I said angrily "guys why are you fighting now its late" I turned to see Aaron rubbing his eyes. He opened them and then looked around him. "why are we in the woods at night, which well not allowed to be" he said in a annoyed whisper. " we'll trying to figure that out Aaron" I told him quietly. "wake up the rest." he nodded. I turned to Caleb. "what time is it." he looked at his clock. "its 3:28 in the morning" he said while yawning, I looked down and realized I was wearing tight jeans and a red fannel shirt with black converse. I looked over to Caleb and he had a blue sweater and black jean shorts with white and Black Jordans. "Caleb when did we change clothes" I said nervously. He looked down and his eyes widen. I patted my pocket and felt my phone. I swear I remember taking it out and putting it on my night stand. I pulled it out and read the date. June 10, 2008 Wait what that's impossible just yesterday It was June 5, 2050. "guys" I said scared they came by me. "what is it Nessie? Why are you scared?" Caleb said frantically. "the date on my phone says June 10, 2008" they froze. "your kidding right? Ness please say your kidding" May said nervous. I shook my head no. They sighed. "how?" Allan spoke. I shrugged. Then I remembered the shooting star. Oh my god, the wish. I gasped. "what?" Caleb shouted " the wish guys the shooting star" "what" he asked confused. I turned to him " they wish Caleb, the star we all wished for something. I wished to meet my parents in the past before I was born." They all gasped. "I wished for the same thing" Caleb whispered. I turned to Allan, Aaron, Rosalind and May. " did you guys wish for the same thing" I asked. They all nodded still frozen with shock. "great here we are, in the middle of the forest. In a wrong time period." I said angrily. They just shook there head. "wait this looks familiar" Caleb whispered, I turned to him. "what looks familiar" I said, in a voice that stated I was not in the mood for games. "this clearing, doesn't it look like the place dad took us one day to get a tree for Christmas, it was our turn and we decided to come here. It was 5 minutes from home" he clarified. I breath in. his right this was the place. I smelled the air and caught the sent of Dad and grandpa. "this way" I said out loud. "this way for what" Rosa question. "I smell the house" they nodded "wait they don't know who we are. Caleb can you shield us" He nodded. In a few seconds I felt a warm fuzzy felling around my brain. "ok everyone is blocked" I nodded then headed to the house. Alice POV. I was on the bed reading a fashion magazine. Jasper was rubbing circles on my back. When I got a vision ' guys come quick a shooting star' five more teenage kids ran to the window to look at the star. The girl said 'make a wish' they closed there eyes and made there with. They reopened there eyes at the same time and smiled. Then they went to sleep. Three girls on the bed, one that looked a lot like Bella, another that looked like me and another one that looked a lot like Rosalie. Then there where Three boys. One that looked like Edward, another like jasper and then another like Emmett. The vision changed and they where in the woods. Talking the boy looked at his watch it said 3:28, the girl looked at her phone the date said June 10,2008. Today's date. I came back to reality I looked at the time it was 3:00am June 10,2008. This 6 teenagers will show up in 40 minutes. I jumped up the bed. "what is it Alice, what you see." Jasper said frantically. I turned to him and smiled. "family meeting" I blocked my thoughts. I heard Edward groaned from down stairs. I giggled. "why do we need a family meeting" Jasper question. " just get everyone I'll get Carlisle and Esme" I said quickly, he sighed and got up to get the other ones. I headed to Carlisle's study. I knocked on the door. "come in baby girl" Carlisle said sweetly, his such a wonderful father. I opened the door to find Carlisle reading a Medical book. He put it down and smiled brightly at me. "what do you need honey" he said softly. " daddy can we have a family meeting real quick, I had a vision" I said quickly. Worried and concern creased in his forehead. "don't worry daddy nothing dangerous" his forehead smoothed "ok is everyone in the dining room" I nodded "yes expect mom I need to get her" he smiled " don't worry sweetheart I'll get your mother you go to the dining table" I nodded. He got up and came over to me. He kissed my forehead and headed out the door to retrieve Esme. I skipped