Apocalypse AU XXX Lily shrugged on her leather jacket and swept her red hair into a ponytail, glancing at her friend Emma. "I'm just making a run to the clinic. We're low on Zertec and Allegra, and Marlene doesn't want to take any chances with the new baby coming, so she wants some anesthetics. They'll tell you what you need. She wants to trade with fresh food. I'll see you tonight." Emma nodded, her brown hair falling briefly across her face. Handing Lily a gun, she said "Do you want a guard? It's getting late." Lily shook her head, and swung the gun and a sack of food on her shoulder. "It's not far, and there haven't been many sightings today." Emma nodded, and opened the door to the outside, signaling Peter, the guard to stand near as Lily made the dash to the truck. Once inside the cab, Lily flashed a thumbs up to Emma, and started the engine. Driving down the deserted highway, weaving in and out of abandoned cars, Lily turned on the music. There was only a few cds in Target when it had closed, and Lily knew all the songs by heart. Chasing Cars was on, and unsurprisingly, she began to sing. Lily was the truck driver from the Target on 185th street, the larger of three stores in the county still open. When the apocalypse had struck two years ago, she had been running an errand for her mom with her younger sister, Petunia. Several things had happened at once - an organized attack from gangs and civilians on Washington D.C., army bases around the states, as well as London, Paris, Bejing and Rio de Janiero, caused nations to turn on the other, each country accusing each other of attacks. But before too much damage was done, a deadly plague struck. At first, it infected people in Asia, but it didn't take long for it to spread elsewhere. The plague could do two things - take over the brain like a zombie, causing them to attack anything, or get uncontrollably sick and die within the week. No one could predict how or when someone would be affected, and when the official word of the plague came, the Target had quickly shut down, thanks to Marlene McKinnon, a young manager on duty at the time. A few other stores had been able to shut down, and over the next year, a network of trading and supplies had been set up. Marlene now ran the Target, called Camp Cooper, making sure food was rationed, jobs were done, crops were grown, and everything in between. James Potter ran the guard stationed at every entrance and on the roof, and Lily Evans ran the delivery service and doubled as the medic. She easily had the most dangerous job out of all, but Lily had no fears. She was also the only person willing to do it alone. Marlene and Lily were 21, best of friends, and James was only a year older. James and Lily at first had absolutely hated each other, but over time and multiple overnight truck jobs, they had become comfortable friends. Together, the three of them made an excellent team, and for the most part worked effectively. Sometimes, James and Lily were too stubborn to back off their point, and compromise, and Marlene would have to break up violent fights between the James and Lily when they fought for too long. More than once on a delivery trip, Lily had been alone, and suddenly became swamped by mutants and was forced to kill them with a gun or once, her bare hands. The image had stuck with her, scaring her. Not many people would take the risk to leave the safety of the camp. Most people had learned to adjust to the confines of the concrete building, forgetting about green plants and fresh air. Lily wouldn't let herself. She hated being locked up inside, and sometimes would spend clear nights alone on the roof, watching the stars. Her freedom was more important to her than the risk of death. Her sister, Petunia, held grudges against her for taking the trips alone. She said that Lily had a death wish, and she didn't want to be related to anyone who was stupid enough to go outside. It had hurt Lily, and it was hard to avoid her in the cramped space, but she didn't let it affect her ability to help lead and run the camp. She had expected Petunia would give in and accept Lily's job, but so far she was still ignoring her. Three hours later, as Lily pulled into the medical clinic's delivery road, a heavily armed guard signaled her to pull over and climb out. She hopped out the cab, gun at the ready and backed slowly into the clinic until the doors closed in front of her. A tall, balding man greeted her, holding a clipboard and a pen. "Lily Evans, Camp Cooper on 185th, Washington County. We need some Zertec and Allegra, anesthetics, and I have fresh vegetables to trade for it," She said briskly. The man nodded, writing the order down. As the man went into a large room filled with shelves of pills and bottles, beckoning her to follow, she asked "Any news from London?" He shook his head. "Nothing new since June. The only global news I've heard in the past month is that Berlin fell." "What? I thought they were the most prepared. No one attacked them, they had the cleanest city, most food and everything." She waved a hand in the air. "The plague got in somehow. It's not airborne, so they think a rat brought it in. And because it was so heavily protected from the inside, the people who hadn't gotten the plague couldn't get out. The whole city is a madhouse now." Lily frowned, crossing her arms. "Have they made any progress on a cure?" The man shook his head again. "No news." Sighing, Lily took the bottles from him and handed him the sack of fresh food. "Thanks. Radio if there is any new news. I might need a medic in a few weeks or so. We have a lady who is pregnant." "Has she had her 8th month appointment?" "Yeah, three days ago. Everything looks normal, but we don't want to take any risks." "Got it. Radio and we'll send a doctor as soon as possible." Pills in hand, Lily headed for the door. "Thanks again." She scanned the area, nodded to the guard once it was clear and dashed for truck. On her way back, she took another route home, trying to gauge the mutant activities in the area for a report for James. Seeing only a few, she decided to take her time coming home, watching the sunset in the distance. It was rare to see it as the days grew shorter, and she stayed inside, out of the wet weather. As she watched the sunset, bleeding yellow rays and pink clouds, her mind drifted mindlessly to James once again. At first, it was just her usual thoughts - his hair, his shoulder, and his smirk. And then the list of reasons why they wouldn't - couldn't work. Not the right time, too dangerous to get attached, he doesn't have the same feelings, and most of all, it was more important to survive than get into a relationship that could get messy. Leaders can't get attached when there are mutants running around. By the time she got back inside, it was well past curfew. Almost everyone was asleep, and quiet snores filled the store. She made her way quietly past the sleeping bodies and into the storage area, where she logged the medicine in and joined Marlene, Emma, Peter, Sirius and James in their unofficial area. In the front of the store, the main doors had been barricaded with shelves to prevent any mutants breaking through the glass doors. The mini hospital, which Lily ran, was in the right near the bathrooms, and the drinking fountains, the main source of water. The clothing section had been cleared out, replaced with huts, with walls for families or individuals, complete with mattresses and blankets. But the rooms were cramped, and dimly lit, so most people spent their time in the middle of the store, dubbed the "living room", where couches and tvs had been pushed together, making a comfortable space. The back storage area was full of supplies. The delivery trucks came in through the back wall, heavily guarded. Treadmills and exercise equipment stood along the left wall, and books on the back. Food was grown on the roof, and cooked and eaten on the far side of the building. Tonight however, after a successful run, Lily let herself relax, laughing with everyone as they tried to forget what was going on outside. All of them were young, and none of them ever expected to be stuck in a place like this when they could - should be having the best moments of their lives. Lily came in a few minutes after James, grabbing her sleeping bag and pillow, and laying next to James. "Uno?" he whispered. Lily grinned. "Trying to regain your title?" "You cheat, and I'm going to prove it today." Lily smirked. "You just can't accept that I'm the superior uno player - you aspire to be me." He laughed. "I think everyone aspire to be you, Lily." Lily blushed, immediately thankful for the dimness of the room. James dealt out the cards, pretending not to notice her embarrassment. As the night grew longer, sleeping bags were brought out, and slowly everyone drifted off to sleep, the murmur of voices becoming quieter and quieter, until only Lily and James were angrily whispering at each other. Lily pointed at the cards. "You stole the plus four, you can't just do that." "It's called cheating Evans, I know you're familiar with it. And it wasn't even really cheating -" "Hypocrite! And I don't cheat," she said proudly. "But you clearly -" Marlene angrily yelled across the room. "Would you two get a room? No one can stand your cheesiness-" " - And we are trying to sleep!" Sirius yelled, throwing a pillow, hitting James' head. A chorus of agreement filled the room, and Lily huffed, putting the cards away. She ignored the buzz from when their fingers brushed as he helped clean up the cards. She stuffed them under her pillow, and flipped James off. He laughed, and laid down. "Night Evans," he muttered. She flipped him off, and blushed yet again as he laughed. How can one human being have such an attractive laugh? She silently groaned, flipped on her stomach, and tried (unsuccessfully) to push James out of her mind. XXX The next morning, Lily woke up to James peering down at her, his hair unusually messy. "You drool in your sleep." He whispered, avoiding waking other people up. "Prick." "Prat." "What time is it?" Lily muttered, sitting up. I must look awful right now. "6 am." "Potter! You did not have to wake me up this early." She punched his arm. When he smirked, she punched him again, her heart fluttering as he ran a hand through his bed hair. "Truck drivers don't have to be up this early, so why should guards?" "That's your own bleeding fault! Goodnight Potter." Lily laid back down, turning away from him. She could practically feel him smirking as he walked away, and listened as his footsteps echoed down the aisle as he left for his rounds. Slowly she drifted back to sleep, listening to the quiet breathing of her friends, and unwillingly replayed James' hands in his hair. Don't think about him, don't think about him, don't think about him, don't think about him, don't think about him, don't think - After a light breakfast, Lily found Marlene in the storage area, behind a rack of purses. She