Just The Way You Are [JASPER] Disclaimer: I do not own PJO or any of its characters. They belong to Rick Riordan. I also do not own Just The Way You Are. It belongs to Bruno Mars. I've removed the lyrics so as not to break any rules set by this website. Click the links on my profile if ya want to see the lyric version! Oh if any of you fellow readers like a pop punk version of this song, there's a cover by Pierce The Veil! Search up "just the way you are pierce the veil" and click on the FIRST cover. On another note, this one-shot costed 10 MS Word pages LOL. § § § As he watched her spar with a Demeter kid, he could not help but marvel at her beauty. It was fairly hot today at Camp Half Blood and despite not wearing any makeup and sweating madly, he still found her beautiful nevertheless. It was like every time he looked at her, there was always something new he would discover. Either he realised that she was more beautiful in a particular way, or that he found a certain habit of hers adorable. Clad in an orange Camp Half Blood shirt, brown khakis and gladiator sandals, Piper gripped Katoptris tightly as she wiped the beads of perspiration that formed on her forehead while in combat with a Demeter kid. It was clear that she had won, from the defeated slouch of her opponent and the triumphant smile on her face. Despite her victory, she still crouched down and offered a hand to her opponent and pulled her up. She even taught the new kid some moves, seeing as she was two years younger than herself and she had a lot to learn. That was another thing Jason loved about her. She was humble, constantly trying to learn new things, yet at the same time she did not hesitate to impart knowledge. Everything about her is beautiful , Jason thought. Her kaleidoscopic eyes were windows to her soul. The colour of her eyes matched the mood she was in. Brown, almost black when she was angry; green with golden flecks when she was happy; grass green when she was sad. Even though her hair was choppy as a result from her cutting her own hair, Jason thought that her hair still managed to fall in every right place. Most girls would have mistaken her hair for being actually carefully styled in choppy waves that gave off a messy look, but the truth is far from that. Piper's ponytail swished sideways as she gestured animatedly to her new friend. Even though Piper was Aphrodite's daughter, she certainly did not act like one. She did not cake her face with makeup or flirt with guys. The only guy she flirted with was Jason, and he was grateful for that, because if anyone else dared to flirt with her, he would not hesitate to electrocute them. Perks of being a child of Zeus. Piper wore minimal makeup (the only time he saw her with makeup was at formal gatherings or when she was forced to) and Jason loved her that way – natural, not forced. Making sure that her new friend had left and was out of earshot, Jason walked up to Piper and wrapped his arms around her waist, resting his chin on her shoulder. Piper sighed and leant back into him. "I just finished combat practice. Aren't you afraid of my body odour?" Piper joked with a small smile, tilting her head and facing him. "You're right, Pipes. Ew ew! I almost forgot about that!" Jason joked back as he pulled away from their embrace. "Hmph! I see how it is then," Piper turned away, pretending to be hurt. "Just kidding, Pipes. You're still beautiful even if you have body odour," Jason reassured her, standing in front of her and placing his hands on her shoulders. Piper sighed, "Jason, you know that-" "Yeah, yeah I know. You don't want me to call you beautiful because you don't believe it. But that's the truth, I promise!" Jason cut her off, and cupped her cheeks. "Who says I don't believe I'm beautiful?" Piper mused, winking. She then took off towards the lake and yelled over her shoulder, "Catch me if you can, Lightning Boy!" Jason smirked. It was glad that Piper had a sense of humour. Another thing he loved about her. That's why it was difficult for the couple to have a serious conversation of more than ten minutes, unless it was something concerning life and death. But Jason could not help but wonder whether Piper really could see what he saw in her, whether she truly thought she was beautiful in the way Jason thought of her. Sure, he knew Piper was not like those teenagers who starved themselves just because they think they were not skinny or pretty enough for the society. He made sure Piper would never have to feel this way. As he ran to catch up with his Cherokee girlfriend, he decided to let all thoughts slide and just enjoy the thrill of running and the wind rushing against his face. § § § It was winter at Camp Half Blood. After much persuasion, Mr D once again let snow fall upon Camp Half Blood, and granted all campers a break of one week. Jason walked to the arena, which was covered in snow, with a bounce in his step. He was excited for his date with Piper as this time it involved snow. The last encounter he had with snow was an unpleasant one, when he met Boreas. He shivered as he recalled that experience and decided to push nasty thoughts out of his head and just focused on his date with Piper. As though he could feel her eyes on him, he looked up and was instantly met by those mesmerising kaleidoscope eyes. Green with a little more golden flecks than usual , he thought. Piper jogged up to him, her side braid swaying to the momentum with a huge smile on her face. The couple embraced right in the middle of the arena just like in any cliché movie but things with this couple are unpredictable. As quick as the embrace started, it ended. And no, the couple did not stay close and whisper sweet nothings into each other's ears. Being a demigod, everything was always unexpected. And so, when Jason felt a hard and cold object hit his face, he was not surprised to see Piper holding a hand to her mouth, laughing. Laughing, not giggling. Not like other girls. And oh, her laugh , Jason thought. To him, it sounded angelic, like little bells ringing. A silly grin made its way to his face and to others, he might be staring at her like a love-struck idiot but he couldn't care less. Jason was so lucky to have her. A girl who is unique yet nonetheless beautiful. A girl who could have any guy under her spell but she chose to be committed to him, unlike some of her other siblings, who chose to go through some stupid rite of passage to prove that they were worthy children of Aphrodite's. She was amazing, just the way she was. He certainly wouldn't have it any other way. After Jason retaliated with a snowball of his own, the couple engaged in a serious snowball war, complete with fortresses and armouries. § § § Jason looked at himself in the mirror one last time to make sure that his attire was suitable. His platinum blonde hair was swept to the side, with a minimal amount of gel – as he did not like the uncomfortable feeling of gel – and he straightened his tie for the umpteenth time. He wore a white dress shirt underneath his black coat, and black dress pants, paired with a soft blue tie, which brings out the many different shades of blue in his eyes. He literally looked like a penguin with a blue tie. He pondered for a moment whether he was overdressed but dismiss that thought as according to Percy, dressing formally was considered "romantic". If he made a fool out of his attire in front of Piper, the daughter of the goddess of love and beauty , he would be sure to strangle the son of Poseidon the moment he saw him. "You can do this Jason. You love Piper. You can do it. You're the son of Jupiter for goodness sake!" Jason reassured himself, as he fumbled with the little velvet box in his pocket. That box literally contained his future and a most part of his man pride. Once opened, there was no turning back. Jason wiped his clammy palms on his palms once more before patting his pocket as if to make sure that the box was still there. He then walked towards the door of his apartment, his black shoes clicking against the polished marble floor. Throughout the short ride to Piper's apartment, he reminisce the times he spent with her, from their teenage years in Camp Half Blood to when they were old enough to live by themselves. Piper was definitely a beautiful girl, both appearance wise and personality wise, and he was sure she was the one for him. Arriving at Piper's apartment, he hesitated a little before he knocked. He did not understand why he was so nervous. It was like any ordinary date where he would pick Piper up or she would meet him at one of their common places. Maybe it's the fact that she might say "no". Jason thought negatively. He slapped himself and tried to focus on the positive thoughts and it was in that moment when Piper's door opened, revealing a girl more beautiful than the love goddess herself (not that he would ever say that allowed, for fear of getting blasted to pieces by his future mother-in-law). She was clad in a strapless, knee-length dress, which was white at the top, but gradually darkened to a light blue at the bottom. Silver sequins were randomly splattered across the bottom of the dress, denser at the very bottom, and slowly decreasing in numbers as it goes higher. Small navy blue flowers wound around her waist, forming a simple belt. Silver stilettos adorned her feet. Her hair was curled in loose waves and it tumbled loosely on her shoulders. Jason could see a small braid at the side and a white butterfly clip securing it in place. Piper made an effort to wear slightly more makeup, which included eyeliner, mascara, thicker blush and pencilling her eyebrows. Her pale peach eyeshadow made her kaleidoscopic eyes, which were green with golden flecks today, pop out and although she applied slightly thicker blush than normal, she managed to pull off a natural look. Her lips were a pink colour, as she refused to wear bright red to spoil her "natural" look. Overall, Jason was stunned – and mind you, he rarely had such reactions as he found them impossibly cheesy and this is the second time, the first being when she got a makeover from Aphrodite at Camp. Piper waved her white clutch in front of Jason's face, chuckling, "Cat got your tongue? Take a picture it lasts longer." Seeing Piper's carefree attitude, he relaxed a little and reminded himself that there was nothing to be nervous about as he would only mess up if he weren't himself. Jason smirked, batting Piper's shoulder lightly, leading her to his car, not before complimenting her, reminding her that she was beautiful. "Thanks Jason. You don't look too bad yourself too. But I why do I have a feeling that you're gonna be extra cheesy tonight?" Piper joked. "That's for me, and only me to know and for you to find out," Jason answered with a smug smile as they drove to their destination. When they reached