Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all I just like to play dress up. It's been a really long time. I will be taking down my other stories until I can fix them up and complete the stories. I forgot how much I enjoy writing. So many ideas… BBQ'n Beauties "Oh, god," Alice whines next to me. "What?" I ask without looking up from Fred. She sighs loudly and I already know what she's whining about before she speaks. "Here he comes," she whispers in my ear, well she tries to at least. Alice has never been able to grasp the concept of whispering. Raising my head slowly out of the smoke I look up to see an annoying smirk on a beautiful face that needs to shave. Well…maybe not shave, he does look pretty hot. Shit. I shake my head to get that thought out of my brain. It's competition day. Not ogle the enemy. The smirker is standing there with his arms crossed over his chest looking to smug for this early in the day. "Cullen, what do you want?" I ask with my hands on my hips. "Don't you have some prepping to do?" Giving him a sweet evil smile, when his lips turn down; I get a mean glare too. This is too good. I turn to see Alice give him a little smirk. I can't help but laugh. This year is going to be great. Alice has always been on the enemy's crew. This year she decided to come to the dark side and be with the BBQ'n Beauties. I've known Alice for a long time now. We don't live in the same town but, at least six or seven times a year for the past 15 years we've played together while our families fought for the title. Or titles I should say. "I wouldn't have to do so much prepping if you didn't steal my prep cook!" Cullen's a little ticked I'd guess. I just continue to give him a sweet smile while Alice tells her brother off. "She didn't steal me and you know it. Don't be so grumpy big brother you had a good thing and didn't appreciate it. I get all the love I need over here. Why don't you and your ugly shirt turn around and get to work losing." She blows him a kiss then disappears into the trailer. "My shirt is not ugly! These are awesome!" He yells after her. He shirt is in fact ugly, hunter green, with a big fat big on front. Not cute. He agrees secretly I know it. Alice pokes her head out of the window and says, "Keep telling yourself that," disappears again. Hopefully she's going to start organizing our food containers. I hear a huff from in front of me. Turning I see him glaring at the window his sister disappeared through. I snicker to myself. He has a little vine poking out of his neck at this point. He finally turns to eye ball me. "Swan, you know you have no chance in hell of winning, right?" Oh, he's going to be a funny guy today. I walk around Fred the monster of bbq pits and make my way to his side. He turns to look down at me with a lopsided smile. I hear him suck in a quick breath when I learn into him to whisper in his ear. Blowing a little air on his neck first, which makes him shiver, I whisper, "Don't be afraid Cullen, I'm only going to make you cry a little," with that I push off his chest and make it back to my side of the line. The good side. Well sometimes evil side. I chuckle quietly. Oh, how I entertain myself sometimes. "We'll see about that little girl," with that he makes his way back to his trailer and pit. I of course watch his ass the whole way. How I do love those jeans. Finally free of distractions I get back to work. I'm determined to take down the Cullen Clan. It's time they are put in place and realize women are just as good bbqing as men are. My mother has won hundreds of awards for the past 15 years for her bbq and I will continue to bring in the prizes and titles now that BBQ'n Beauties is mine. Renee Swan started entering cooking competitions soon after she married my father. Charlie supported his wife in her new hobby because his guilt for leaving her alone more often than not at the beginning of their married was immense. So after years of focusing on his goal of become Chief he supported his wife in her dreams. She lost quite a lot in the beginning but soon figured out the best tricks, temperatures, and cut for her meat. After several years she was the woman to beat. My father was finally the Chief of Police in our small town and was able to take a few days off each year to travel with my mother. He even bought her an old trailer for all her equipment and had a local painter jazz it up. Its vintage red and white. We still use her first trailer when we stick close to home, well my home, at least since the BBQ'n Beauties was passed down to me when my mother decided she was retiring to stay home with dad after he hurt his leg a few years ago. Now instead of travelling and fighting the Cullen Clan for the top spot they spend their time out on my father's boat. Deciding that Fred's temp is just right I went in search for my right hand girl. Not finding her in the trailer or in the tent I figure I can't wait for her anymore. I grab the briskets and return outside. Rose already mixed our secret ingredients together and rubbed down the meat. All I have to do now it place them in Fred and watch the magic happen. Chuckling quietly to myself while arranging the briskets I get an image of Cullen's face as he hears the first place spot announced. It's going to be amazingly satisfying. "What are you laughing at?" My sister Rose asked, scaring the shit out of me. I bang my head on the lid and try to get my heart back to regular rhythm. "Fuck…shit. What the hell is wrong with you? You can't come up to me while I'm in my happy zone and scare the living hell out of me!" I turn around to glare at Rose, rubbing the knot I feel growing on my forehead. Damn that hurt. She holds her hands up chuckling, "Sorry, Sorry." Yeah, she's not sorry at all. I don't know why everyone thinks it's so damn funny I hurt myself so many times in a 24 hour period. Ugh. "Anyway…" She rolls her eyes at my glaring. "what were you laughing at, Cullen's ugly shirt? Or was it Emmett's sad excuse for a prep table? Man that guy needs lessons on cleanliness or maybe on being less of a pig." She gets this faraway look on her face thinking about Emmett. This girl is in denial. I just keep my mouth shut until she snaps out of her little fantasy I know she's having. The one she denies to have. A good minute goes by as she looks off to the left where Monkey Man's tent is set up. Rose will claim she hasn't had a clue where Emmett is set up but, how many times can someone go get lemonade in an hour? Even if Mary makes the best in the county you can't consume that much or you'll be bouncing around like Alice at a fabric store. She shakes her head to reed of whatever image was in there then looks over to me. I just give her my best smirk. One I've copied off a certain cocky beautiful man. She rolls her eyes at me and huffs. "What'ca been up to Rose?" I ask sweetly. "What? I've been…around," she waves her hand around our station as if to say she's been here, which she most certainly has not or I would be hearing her bitch about the visitor we just had. "Uh huh." "Anyway, did you get the briskets on? I spoke to one of the judges earlier. He said they are going to be real tough on us this year. I'm not worried, it's our time. Last year was bullshit, we should've won." She's a little bitter still. I agree. Some new comer swooped in and stole our prize. BBQ'n Beauties came in second and the Cullen Clan got fourth, which I was happy to rub in to their faces for months. We haven't won in three years at the Okie Smok'in BBQ Tournament. This year I intend to change that. Rose, Alice, and I worked for months creating our special seasoning. It was hard to keep it a secret, especially from Jasper, Alice's husband. He's one of our enemies. Alice decided to switch teams when she felt like the men at Cullen Clan weren't listening to her suggestions. They feel men are just plain better at bbqing then women. She asked to come over to the dark side and stick it to her husband and her brother, my number one competition. I gladly welcomed her with open arms. I gained a great prep cook and a new design for our kick ass shirts. "Yes, I got the meat on and we are going to kick ass. I was picturing Cullen's face as he lost," I snickered quietly. "Hmm…he might just cry. Getting kicked off his little peddle stool is going to hurt. Maybe I should go talk some shit to him, get him all flustered. I know he'll like that," she gives me a wicked smile before heading across the way. I know I won't see her for a while; she'll somehow make the trip back the long way. That lemonade will call her name. A big curly hair dimpled glass. Watching Rose for a few I turned back to Fred the Pit…which my mother named…and made sure everything was cooking as it should. Perfect. Glancing up I see Rose in front of Edward Cullen with a big smile on her face. Edward has his arms crossed his chest glaring at her. Jasper just looks on shaking his head with a small smile while Rose gets under Edwards skin. They've never really liked each other. Funny shit. I can't help but stare at Edward. He is one fine man. Crazy hair (even more so today), gorgeous eyes, a smile to die for, and the arms…yum. I let out a loud sigh as Rose walks away laughing. Edward's head snaps my way sending me laser eyes. I give him a mischievous wink hold up my hands as to say, "What, I can't control my sister? " Just to piss him off more I blow him a kiss. He just shakes his head at me. We just stand there staring at each other. I'm caught in his gaze. I feel something pull me towards him. He feels it to I can tell but, as soon as he takes a step Jasper grabs his attention. The string pulling us is broke we continue with our own routines. I need to get my thoughts and eye's off of Cullen. It's going to be a long day. Rose finally make's it back, Alice, her, and I get busy with our other entries. We don't get bothered by anyone for a few hours. All the competitors are busy cooking away. Rose makes her amazing chili beans dad taught her how to make. Most of the veteran competitors have had Charlie's chili since he started making them about 10 years ago. We get a lot of visitors throughout the day, as well as inquiries about our parents. One of the many