I Saw Her Standing There So, I'm starting a story, I'll update as soon as possible. Please give it a chance and leave me feedback, both good and bad. Disclaimer: I do not own the Twilight Saga or any characters associated with it. I do, however, own Scarlett Hunter, the Hunter family, and her friends. Anything you don't recognize is mine! :D Title Song The Beatles Chapter Song The Rolling Stones. Chapter One Start Me Up. Scarlett POV. "Scar, get up. Now." I groaned as I felt the covers of my bed being ripped away, throwing me on the floor in the process. "Five more minutes." I mumbled, lying still. I heard footsteps approach slowly. I opened my eyes in time to see the bucket . I started to shuffle under my bed, as fast as a could. "Scarlett!" She put it down and tried to grab my arms, but (like the ninja I am) I got to a safe zone. She moved to the end of my bed and started trying to reach my feet. "Hey! My cellphone!" I grinned and grabbed it, before allowing my mother to pull me out by my feet. "Thanks!" "You've got fifteen minutes, kiddo." She left, taking the bucket, but not before turning upside down to reveal a lack of water. "You were lying? Ugh!" I got up, feigning offence, before running to get change. I threw on a pair of skinny jeans, two sizes too big, a plain white t-shirt and a white knitted sweater. Sure, Forks says it's sunny, but, c'mon , its 40 degrees out there. My hair was a whole new challenge, however, as my short, dark blond hair decided that today was a day of 'height' and 'volume'. After what seemed like eternity, it was flat. I didn't bother with make up. It's school. If I went to that reservation school, maybe, but no. I went to regular school with all of those people. It was twenty minutes later when I left my room to find a post-it on my kitchen counter stuck to a plate with a piece of toast sitting on it. Sorry, sweetie, I had to go! RUN! - Mama I groaned and swore and ran out the house holding the toast in one hand and my backpack in the other. Late again. Perfect. I was running as fast as I could, when I came to a red light. Sure, it was for the cars, but I needed the rest. I was incredibly unfit for such a slim person. Genes, I guess. I was holding my side, waiting for the stitch to stop, when the window in the car wound down. "Scarlett? You need a ride?" "NESSIE!" I climbed in the back, not even bothering to be polite. I'd been told to hand in a chemistry test before home room started. I did not want that detention. Again. "Um... hey?" The guy in the front said. I could only smile, he must be that guy she's been seeing- Jack? John? Nigel? Tony? Mark? "Scarlett, this is Jacob, my... boyfriend!" She grinned and grabbed his arm. I smiled an awkward smile. I wasn't that touchy-feely girl who was too involved in their kind-of-maybe-best-friend's relationships. Besides, I was jealous. Jacob was reservation boy. He was buff. He was sexy. He was tall, dark and handsome. "Hello, thanks for the ride." "It's fine." He sat still and turned to Nessie. "What? Oh! And Jake, this is Scarlett. She's my..." "Better half." I finished. She giggled. "Well... we're best friends, right?" I nodded. I could've cried. I know that I said that I'm not touchy-feely, but my best friend was a Cullen ! "Yeah, duh." I played it cool. Jacob scoffed and caught my eye in the mirror. "What?" Nessie smirked and nudged him slightly, "I heard it too." She smiled at me. I didn't bother asking what. I'd heard Ness talking to her brother a couple of times and they'd said freaky things like that so I only assumed she did it with Jacob too. "Why isn't your brother driving you?" I lent forward, being the 'nosy' person everyone says I am. I had an excuse this time though. The Cullens were fascinating- like something on the Discovery Channel. Everyone was curious about them and I had a small incite into their lives. I felt like it was my duty to ask nosy-ass questions. "He's... running late." She went red. Jacob laughed. "Don't be embarrassed, Ness," he would've sounded more convincing if he wasn't laughing his head off at whatever was going on. "What about the rest of your family?" I asked again. "Again... running late." She turned from sitting sideways in her seat to straight forward, as red as a tomato. Jacob laughed again, loudly. "It just seems silly, your getting a ride to the school he doesn't even go too so he's gonna have to turn around and-" Something in my head clicked. "OH MY GOD!" I started laughing, setting Jacob off again. "SHUT UP!" She yelled. "Sorry, Nessie," Jacob grabbed her hand, she started to calm down, she didn't even seem to mind that we were still laughing. "I can't believe that he'd do it before school-" "How would you like it if I talked about your parents?" "Ew. No. Never. We're discussing siblings." I smirked. She breathed through her nose, inflating her nostrils with frustration. "Shut up." "Your big brother, Eddie Cullen-" "Eddie?" "Yes Jacob-" "Does Edward know you call him Eddie?" "Why would he? We've never spoken. Anyway, Eddie-darling is off doing Bella Swan-" "Please don't." "Even I feel sick now." Jacob said. "And your siblings, well! The pixie who's name I don't remember, and the meathead whom I've never met-!" "Alice and Emmett." "-Alice and Emmett, are busy getting busy with the blonde twins who I'm more than a little afraid of-" "Rose and Jasper?! How can you be scared of-?" "I love your families' names." "You're weird." Jacob chipped in, I'd almost forgotten he was there for a second. "You're weird." I scoffed. "Get out of my car." "I was only kidding! I love you?" "We're at school, Scar, he's just being silly." "Oh. Thanks for the ride, dude." I jumped out, tripping on my own feet and falling flat on my face. I got up and dusted myself off, turning to yell at Nessie for not helping me, when I saw why. She was busy being swallowed by Jacob, simultaneously managing to swallow him back. "Ew!" I heard a voice say behind me, just as I opened my mouth the say the same. "Jake!" Bella, the girlfriend of Nessie's brother, walked over and pulled Nessie off of him. She was way too overprotective, but I guess she just looks at Nessie like a daughter. I said a quick goodbye to Nessie and started walking inside to hand in my chemistry homework. It was awkward being around the Cullen's. They didn't like me. I wasn't part of their group, I guess. Waiting outside the classroom for my teacher to finish up with a different student. The Cullen's passed. I swear to god, I felt a chill. "Hey, Ness," I smiled. She waved. I didn't fail to catch the glare I received from the blonde girl... Rose, did she say? Whatever she was called, she was extremely intimidating. People thought it was weird that I was close to Nessie, despite the fact that'd we'd been friends since the start of freshman year. I was nervous. It was hard not to be. It was the fourth week of my freshman year. I was a loser in junior high, but my braces were off and my nose had finally caught up to my face. Damn, was that thing small last year. I'd had an alright start to school, but right now, I was in biology, a class I'd never excelled at and I was worried my lab partner would hate me for it. "...Hunter, Cullen..." My head snapped up. I walked to the seat I'd been assigned and waited for my partner. I was shaking. This was a Cullen! She wouldn't want me as a partner. She was super smart and a Cullen! I don't think you quite understand what this meant! I was working with the new popular girl at school. Sure, I didn't care about becoming popular, and sure, everyone assumed the Cullen's were snobby and full of themselves, but, I don't know... Baby-Cullen seemed sweet. "Hello?" She said, waving a hand in front of my face. "What? Oh, sorry. I spaced out." With my internal monologue rambling away, I'd managed to completely ignore everything she'd said. "It's okay, hello!" She waved slightly. "Hi." I couldn't help but smile when she did. "I'm Renesmee." My eyes widened, "you're gonna have to run that by me once more." She laughed, "Ren-ez-may, Renesmee." I remained silent, staring at her with wide eyes. "You can call me Nessie." "Oh... perfect," I smiled, "like the lochness monster!" "Don't say that in front of my mother!" She laughed. "Or Bella." "Um... okay-" "She's my... brother's girlfriend." She seemed to be unsure of it. I smirked. "You sure?" "Um... yes? What's your name?" "Oh, of course. Can't forget that." I rolled my eyes at my stupidity. "Hi. I'm Scarlett Hunter." "Nice to meet you." She held her hand out. I shook it and took mine back. I went to talk again, but she turned to the teacher to listen to her. Smart people were weird. "Miss Hunter?" My chemistry teacher called me into the room. "Here's my work," I handed him a sheet and slowly backed out of the room. "Hurry now, Miss Hunter, before I begin grading it." I ran out of the classroom, slowing to a walking pace when I got out. I went to my homeroom, hating every second. People stared at me, mostly, because I was last in, but also, because I'm the freak of the school. I like that, though. People are too afraid to annoy me and even more afraid of arguing with me. Not to brag, but, I'm pretty gutsy, in a falls-down-when-storming-away-from-winning-an-argument kind of way. "Scar!" Lexi waved from her seat. She was one of my best friends, since kindergarten. She was pretty... annoying and had a new boyfriend every week. You couldn't blame them for liking her, though. She was tall, pretty, had the most beautiful milk chocolate skin and perfect shoulder-length dark chocolate ringlets. What got the boys going, however, was her short skirts, midriff baring shirts and willingness to date anyone she deemed 'hot'. I waved back and smiled as Logan, my close friend, turned around and grinned. He was cute. He had pale skin and blonde hair that generally never failed to have a quiff in it. He was a football, basketball, baseball, etc. star and his body showed it. He wasn't my type, though. No, your type isn't a hot, awesome guy who would totally date you if you asked. No, no, your type is shirtless reservation boys who'd laugh in your face if you asked them out. Shut up, internal me. Jeez. Ah, math class. You angel, you! I love math. There's only one answer to every problem. Except quadratic equations... It was nice to have something I found easy-ish as opposed to my last class. Chemistry. Though, Professor Smith had decided to destroy this class too. Evidently, my homework had all been wrong and my teacher decided that I was to be made an example of. "Miss Hunter, regrettably got a twenty-one out of a hundred on the homework she handed in late. She clearly didn't pay attention the day the work was handed out or the day when we marked the papers together as a class, as she scored marks on the equations, and only the equations." "I still got twenty-one! I usually get ten to sixteen-" "Thank goodness you're pretty, Miss Hunter." "It's only chem-" "It's not only chemistry, Miss Hunter!