Plot bunnies are appearing everywhere. I cannot escape them. I've had this on my computer for a while now, wasn't sure what to do with it, and I decided, what the heck? So I posted it. And nobody can't honestly tell me they weren't the slightest bit curious about what Thalia said about Hyperboreans in The Last Olympian. And I discovered that my favorite PJ character may just be Thalia, an for some reason I like the Hunters of Artemis, but haven't found many stories about them. This isn't my best work, but I like the way it turned out. On with the story! DISCLAIMER: I own nothing. The Hunters of Artemis had gone to Alberta, at the request of Artemis. They were supposed to investigate the rumors that the colony of Hyperborean giants was siding with Kronos. There was no need for that, Thalia reflected, as the Hyperborean giants ambushed the Hunters camp. That made it pretty clear to her whose side they were on. Apparently, the giants had frozen the hunters she put on watch. The giants were around thirty feet tall, with bright blue skin and icy grey hair. They wore white cloth things that resembled diapers for clothes. To Thalia, it looked like they had the mentality of a toddler. They were taking delight in destroying their camp. The Hunters had camped near a lake. They were in a clearing of tall, snow covered pine trees. The ground itself had snow about three feet deep in it, which caused the hunters to dig a spot for their tents. Around ten hunters came with Thalia (No wolves or hunting falcons came) for this mission, even though they had around thirty-two now. Thalia discovered that she was pretty good at discovering and recruiting girls who want to be hunters. There were two hunters to each tent, which meant there were five tents. Thalia shared with Phoebe. Celyn shared with Naomi. Kat shared with Maggie. Cass shared with Demi. And Nixie shared with Lucy. Those were the people the other got along best with. Thalia did not want to be woken up by angry screaming again. Cass had dyed straight black hair, pale skin, red lips, and grey eyes. Cass was thin, yet strong, built like a dancer. She looked thirteen, and was actually around ninety years old. Nixie had dark red hair and green eyes that held a gleam of mischief. She had a habit of playing pranks and stealing things from other hunters. She was built like bird almost, fragile and small looking with elfish features, and could pass for a twelve year old, but became a hunter at fourteen. In reality, she was a few years over six hundred years old. Maggie was pale, with light brown freckles across her nose and light brownish-greyish hair. Her hair was cut short and swept out to the side. She had an average build, and looked like a thirteen year old. She was two hundred, give or take a few decades. Lucy had brown hair and light brown, amber-ish eyes. She looked like an ten year old, and had only been a hunter for a year. Celyn had dark black hair in a ponytail and hazel eyes. Celyn looked eleven. Naomi was darker skinned, being half Native American. Her hair was coal black and her eyes were such a dark brown they looked black. She looked around ten. Thalia didn't know either of their actual ages. Diane had dirty blonde hair and light green eyes. She looked twelve and was actually about fifty years old. Kat had light brown hair and light blue-grey eyes. She looked like a nine year old and was about three hundred and seventy. Phoebe was one of the oldest members of the hunt. She had red hair that was shaved on the sides and long on the top. Phoebe looked to be fourteen. She was built like a wrestler and was there when the myths were created. She was old enough to remember what happened with Artemis and Orion. Thalia and Phoebe had a love-hate sisterly relationship. She was, out of all the hunters, the one Thalia was the closest to. That didn't mean Phoebe couldn't be irritating. Celyn and Naomi had been on guard, but when Lucy went to check on them she found them frozen. Lucy came back to discover the rest of the hunters scrambling to put their gear on, get their bows, and attack. Mostly, they were dodging as the giants chased them around their circle of five tents. The fire they had in the middle was put out by Frosty's breath, as the daughter of Zeus had mentally dubbed one. They were not outnumbered, but they were overpowered. There were eight giants. One of the giants was attacking her. Thalia wore silver camouflage cargo pants, black combat boots, a silver jacket, and a Green Day t-shirt. Her shield was on her arm, and sparks of electricity flew off her. Her circlet wasn't on her head, and her hair stuck up all over the place. Hey, she had been sleeping. No time to look 'nice' while under attack. The circlet, her hair, and her outfit can wait. Thalia really doesn't care about battling in her PJ's. She ducked and rolled as one of the giants took a log they used as their camp fire bench and swiped at her head. Aegis was out and so was her spear, though she had lost it. "Dammit." Thalia cursed. She had no weapon, her bow had been tossed away into the woods. She was pretty sure her quiver was tossed into the lake. "RAWRG!" Frosty said. He blew frost breath at her. Thalia had to jump out of the way, abandoning her shield. It was frozen in a layer of ice. The giant threw snow onto it, covering up the image of Medusa. Snow . . . that gave Thalia an idea. It was a desperate one. She had no idea what was happening to the others right now as she was too busy with Frosty. As she struggled to put together her plan, Lucy came to the rescue. Lucy shot an arrow Frosty's head, which gave Thalia some time as Frosty roared and looked at Lucy. Thalia scooped up some snow, made a snow ball, and threw it, not giving herself time to doubt her plan. Desperate times call for desperate measures, Thalia thought, recalling Grover starting the food fight. "SNOWBALL FIGHT!" Thalia declared in the loudest voice she could. Frosty looked at her in confusion when the snowball hit the side of his head. She threw another. Frosty was so surprised, he stumbled back into Prancer (Thalia decided to name the giants). Prancer fell forwards onto Jack Frost. Boom, three giants down. The others, giants included, stared at her in shock. The fight had stopped as everyone stared at her in shock. "Well?" She demanded. "Are you going to stand there gaping like lunatics, or are you gonna help me? It's a snowball fight, c'mon people!" The hunters grinned. The giants grinned as well with a childlike joy. And so, the world's first snowball fight between the Hunter's and Hyperborean giants took place. The giants completely forgot the reason they attacked the hunters as they played. They made a deal: if the hunters win, the giants go away and leave them alone. They didn't say anything about what would happen if the hunters lost. The eight remaining hunters did not want to remind the Hyperboreans of what they were supposed to be doing for Kronos. Turns out, all of the Hyperboreans acted like little children. Now she could see what Artemis meant about the giants normally being peaceful. The snowball fight got a little vicious, but it was better than actually fighting the giants, Thalia supposed. In the end, the hunters won. Still, she had learned a valuable lesson. Never get into a snowball fight with Hyperborean giants. They take snowball fights way too seriously. Afterwards, it was a pain to clean everything up. Thalia managed to get her bow back from the woods and her quiver (which was stuck in a tree, not the lake; that was fun to get down). She also retrieved Aegis and her spear, which she put away. The tents took forever to fix. They had to dig the snow off them, as well as all the broken branches from the smashed trees. At one point, they had to lift the camp fire log (Frosty had dropped it) off of a tent. They built a fire and got Naomi and Celyn. The fire started to melt Celyn and Naomi, who were immediately given fresh clothes, hot cocoa, and a blanket. Thalia and the rest filled them in on what they had missed. They couldn't believe the other's claim of a snowball fight between the eight giants and eight hunters. The others just laughed and grinned, nibbling on ambrosia and drinking hot cocoa. Thalia was forced to recount it, since she was the one who started it. Celyn and Naomi laughed, thinking about the looks on the giants faces. Lucy, Cass, Phoebe, Kat, Maggie, Nixie, and Diane were laughing at the memory of it. "I can't wait to tell the others. No way are they going to believe this." Celyn grinned. "Yeah," Phoebe chimed in. "Good luck telling Lady Artemis, Thalia." Thalia groaned. The others laughed harder. They left the next morning, having set up their sleeping bags around the fire and slept outside. Thalia and the others saw no point in staying since they completed their mission. One explanation of what a snowball fight was, a deadly marshmallow fight (Don't ask), and a screaming Walmart manager later (Definitely don't ask) later, they were at the main camp of the Hunters of Artemis. It was at the base of the Sierra Nevada's. The camp looked a bit like a city of tents. Of course, normally all the hunters wouldn't be in one place, but Artemis wanted them together in case Kronos attacked them. They were less likely to get attacked together, and they needed the older girls to train the newer recruits. In the center of camp, there was a big fire. It had a few log benches around it, made from fallen trees. Enough to hold all the hunters. The tents surrounded the fire in a circle. Artemis had a tent that was always north to the fire. That was how a lot of hunters found their way around at first. Every hunter shared a tent with another hunter. Since there were thirty-two hunters, there were sixteen tents. The pack of timber wolves mainly stayed with the hunter responsible for caring for them. That chore was kind of rotated. In the winter, the wolves went into the hunter's tents and shared it with them. They slept outdoors in the summer, depending on their location. Artemis had her own tent, being a goddess and privacy and all that. Hers the same size as the others, with a deer on the tent flap. One of her hinds was often in the tent with her. Every tent was smaller on the outside then the inside. They were enchanted. The other hunters looked at the returning ten, not expecting them back so soon. The group walked through the camp. Thalia took a deep breath as she went outside Artemis's tent. This was going to be hard to explain. . 10 very long minutes later . . . . "Thalia," Artemis said slowly. "Let me see if I have this correct: You went to Alberta." "Yes." Thalia confirmed. She was still wearing her clothes from the night before. Her hair was still frozen a little, with a patch of snow in it. Her clothes were a little frozen stiff on the outside. The inside was warm, the jackets were enchanted, but she was still half-frozen, which isn't a pleasant feeling. The others stood behind her in a line, their faces composed.