I'm ashamed to admit I've had this sitting in my computer, but I never published it because I didn't want to until I finished Lost and Found OR Complications (And I haven't worked on Complications for a while . . . heh . . Sorry? Don't murder me?), for all you people who have followed me from the Young Justice Fanfiction. I haven't updated because I've been under attack by plot bunnies who refuse to go away until they've been written, and by the dreadful creativity killer known as . . . homework. I've been a bit busy, I actually had a major project due recently that accounted for a lot of my grade. Unfortunately, that meant no distractions. But I worked on most of my plot bunnies, some our finished, and that includes this one. Since I posted Until the End over in the Throne of Glass fanfiction archive, I figured I'd post this one while I'm at it. This is mainly a result of my wondering how the heck the gods put up with Percy, like Athena and Artemis. I mean, Athena hates Poseidon, and Artemis has a habit of turning boys into a jackalope. On with the short story! DISCLAIMER: You would think that it'd be kind of obvious I own nothing, since this is a FANfiction site. Poseidon Poseidon nervously entered the room. He hoped he entered the mortal world unnoticed. Quietly, he walked to the crib. He was wearing his usual outfit of a Hawaiian shirt, Bermuda shorts, and his fishing hat over his messy hair. His sunglasses were on the top of his head, showing his bright green eyes. He had a black beard, and there were crinkles at the corners of his eyes, showing he smiled a lot. He let out a small, worried smile at his newborn son, Perseus Jackson. Or as Sally had taken to calling him, Percy. Poseidon liked that much better than Perseus. But still . . . he was worried about what his brother, Zeus would think of his son having the name of one of Zeus's sons. He tried to convince Sally otherwise, but she was adamant about choosing the name Perseus. Looking down at his son, Poseidon saw that she made the right choice. Percy was almost a year old now. There was a small little mop of messy black hair on his head, and he had Poseidon's eyes. Already, Poseidon could tell how much Percy would look like him. More so then any of his other kids. He wasn't sure if that was a good or a bad thing. He knew about the great prophecy. He had a terrible feeling at least part of it was about Percy. Poseidon felt ashamed for bringing this fate, a hero's fate, down on Percy. He looked down as Percy gurgled and smiled happily in his crib. Poseidon let out a soft smile. He reached down his finger in the crib, and Percy let out a happy squeal, causing Poseidon to laugh. "Da-da!" Percy laughed happily. Poseidon smiled as he watched his son. So innocent. He picked Percy up and held him in his arms. Percy was so light. So fragile. Nothing compared to the sea god. Yet Poseidon felt protective of Percy. Percy was his son, and he was proud to have him. Poseidon knew with certainty that this would be his last demigod child for a while. Percy was his first child since before the pact after WWII. Because of that, Poseidon couldn't resist visiting Percy. It had been a long time since he had gotten to be a dad. His older demigod children were long dead. His godly children grew up too fast. They treated him las their king, not their father, which is how he wants to be treated. Sometimes Poseidon felt envious of mortals. Mortal children grew slowly, and got to have a childhood. Gods? Goddesses? They grew quickly looked like adults, but in Poseidon's personal opinion, they act like children. Maybe because they never had a childhood. And mortal parents, they got to see their kids grow, be there for them when they cried. Something godly parents never got from their own parents, and won't get to do with their own kids. He sighed as Percy started playing with his mouth and beard. Poseidon began to rock him. Technically, it was against the ancient laws for Poseidon to be here. But Percy was so young, too young to remember, and Sally wasn't here. No one would know he had visited, but himself. It had been a long time since he had any kids, and he kind of missed them being this young. None of his kids had ever attended Camp Half-Blood. Poseidon had a feeling Percy would be the first. He could see murky things about his son's future. Danger and sorrow, for sure. But there was also happiness and safety, feelings of comfort and family. Already, he was proud of his son, and Percy hadn't even done anything. He supposed that this was the way mortal fathers felt about their own children. Proud of them simply because they are their child, not because of anything they do (or in Percy's case, will do). Poseidon, however, also had immortal children. They would be very mad if he ever had a favorite kid, especially if that kid was a demigod. And according to the ancient laws, they weren't supposed to have favorites. Poseidon put Percy into the crib. He stared into Percy's eyes, exactly like his own. Percy stared back, the smile fading as he looked at his father. Percy was still clutching Poseidon's finger. Poseidon knew that Sally would be back soon to check on Percy. He gently kissed Percy's forehead, placing his hand on Percy's head. He knew it was pretty useless to tell Percy to stay quiet. Percy was a baby. But he was a god, and he knew that his presence will leave an impression on Percy. Something to remember him by. Poseidon smiled down at Percy one last time, before walking away as Percy's eyes began to droop. As he left the room, Poseidon thought that maybe it wouldn't be the end of the world if he had a child who was his favorite . . . as long as he didn't tell anyone who it was. Before he flashed back to his palace, Poseidon smiled mischievously . . . Athena Athena frowned down at the small baby boy. Really, Poseidon should be more careful sneaking back into the mortal world. Granted, she only caught him this once . . . after he had done it tons of other times, but that was beside the point. She suspected that Poseidon was having an affair with a mortal. It took some time, but finally she managed to catch him visiting Sally Jackson and her son, who was only a few months old. Of course, it helped that Athena was partially aware of Sally since she wanted to be a writer and finish graduating high school. Athena had to admire someone who wanted to learn, and Sally Jackson herself was a smart lady. Unfortunately, she chose Poseidon as a lover, and that just meant trouble. Especially when young Perseus was born. Athena hated to admit it, but she never would've known about Perseus unless Sally Jackson had not prayed to her for advice. Another thing: Sally Jackson was a clear sighted mortal who knew the Greek Gods existed. She never mentioned being a lover of Poseidon or having a son specifically, but with Athena's suspicion of Poseidon breaking the oath he made, she investigated. If she were honest with herself, she expected Poseidon to break the oath first. Between Zeus and Poseidon, they never knew who had more demigod kids. Athena was betting on Poseidon, but then again, she was rivals with the sea god. They did not get along. Period. She stared at his young son, Perseus Jackson, Percy for short. She had to snort at the name. Part of her had no clue why she had decided to visit this demigod in his room in Sally Jackson's small apartment. Sally was out on an errand, leaving Percy tucked safely in his crib. Being a sea spawn, Percy snuck out. She knew that this sea spawn would have a role to play in the future. An important role, specifically one regarding the Great Prophecy. Athena stared at the one-year-old sitting on his butt on the floor. The boy was staring seemingly in shock at the strange lady who was not his mother that walked into his room. Athena was still frowning at him. "I should vaporize you here and now, sea spawn, and save us a lot of trouble." At that Percy broke into a large grin and clapped happily. Athena decided that he was definitely Poseidon's. At the same time, she felt a little disturbed at his reaction, and wondered for the state of his mental health. No matter. He was still another brat of her rival's. And he was a threat to Olympus. She could probably vaporize him and Zeus wouldn't mind, and she and Poseidon already didn't get along. As she was pondering this, she missed Percy crawling over to her. Percy climbed on her sneakers and latched onto her leg, at which point the goddess noticed the child. "Gah!" She yelled. "Get off of me, you stupid brat!" Athena stuck her leg out, and Percy just swung downward, giggling happily. Meanwhile, Athena was thinking, It's touching me, it's touching me, get it off, get it off, get it off. . . And other things along those lines. How she became a mother herself is a mystery. Then again, Athena isn't really the mother-y type. You need advice and wisdom? Call Athena. You need battle plans? Hello, Athena. A lesson on how to weave? Athena again. Babysitting advice? Ah, no. Athena does not do ' kids' . So it's safe to say that she panicked having the son of her rival clinging to her blue jeans and hopped around the room, looking like an idiot. Completely undignified, and as the goddess of wisdom, she probably should've had a different, more logical reaction. But noooo . . . She freaked out. She completely forgot about everything else as she hopped and ran around the room, trying to get it away from her. Oddly, the little monster seemed to enjoy her going around the room and giggled joyfully. Finally, she tripped and fell flat on her face. "Oof!" Athena said. What the other Olympians would say to her now . . . she was usually more graceful. And coordinated. And logical. But then, part of taking care of kids was relying on instinct. Trusting yourself to take care of the kid, not planning everything out, nurturing the kid with care . . . Definitely not her strong suit. She rolled over and glared at the kid on her pant leg. Incinerating him was looking pretty good right now . . . Little Percy was sitting on her legs, smiling at her happily. She was surprised to find herself smiling. She groaned and lay backwards, sprawling her legs and arms out onto the floor. She closed her eyes. She had the strangest urge to not incinerate him anymore . . . Stupid little mongrel. He was growing on her. Athena decided she must get away before he charms her any more with his cute baby-ness. Baby-ness? Was that a word? Oh well. Athena also decided that the stupidity of the sea spawn was affecting her as well. Because he was Poseidon's kid, and no sea spawn was ever intelligent. She felt a weight on her chest suddenly. She cracked on eye open. She was getting a headache. The problem might be solved if she incinerated young Perseus, but then again, there was only so much you could do to avoid prophecies. She saw Perseus sitting on her, looking at her