Author's note: This has been my writers block story over the past week, but I finished it this evening and decided I had to post it... It has to be the cheesiest thing I have ever written. Ever. So of course it was the most enjoyable to write, too. I'll probably add more chapters as I go along, not sure yet. I'm already partway through another one. I don't own Percy Jackson, in case you hadn't figured... We do not remember days. We remember moments~ Cesare Pavese Annabeth hurriedly wiped her hands on her apron as she went to get the door, yelling up the stairs tell her stepmother dinner was nearly ready as she went. The smell of the ocean reached her before she turned around and saw him. "Hey there Wise Girl. Apparently I have a girlfriend in the area who needs some help babysitting?" Grinning as she rolled her eyes, she grabbed his hand and pulled him into the hallway. At the same moment, her Dad came into the hall. "Adri, are you nearly ready?" He called up the stairs. "Going to miss our reservation at this rate." He mumbled under his breath. "Hey there Mr Chase." Percy said, his arm still around Annabeth's waist and lopsided smile firmly in place. "Percy!" Exclaimed Annabeth's father was evidently taken aback a moment, but he was quick to recover. "It's good of you to do this. It's been hard to find any time, what with the new baby and everything, so we really appreciate your help." "It's not a problem. Really." Percy assured him. Annabeth grinned at her father, then turned to Percy, placing her hands gently on his chest. "Come on. Pizza's nearly done. You're just in time to make blue cupcakes." "Mmm." He murmured as he entered the kitchen, allowing the pizza smell to waft over him. "How did you make blue pizza?" "Bit of an experiment." Confessed Annabeth as she got it out of the oven. "Adri gave me the recipe for homemade pizza dough, and since you were coming, I thought I'd add some food colouring. It looks like it's gone off or something." Percy laughed as he sit down at the kitchen table in the centre of the room. "I think it looks perfect." Adri's heels echoed slightly as she came into the kitchen, affixing an earring in her ear lobe. "You look nice." Smiled Annabeth, looking up from her perch on the counter. "Thank you." Adri smiled in return. "You're looking rather lovely yourself. I thought it was just a quiet night in?" Annabeth blushed ever so slightly. "Date night for us as well as you. Besides, I'm not that dressed up. I couldn't even be bothered changing out of my jeans." "Well, you look pretty either way. Hey Percy, I don't know if Frederick's already said, but thanks for doing this. Both of you. We're leaving in a minute." She told them. "Lou's down for the night, I think, but if she wakes up there's nappies in the bathroom cabinet and some milk in the fridge. I've put a list of emergency numbers on the counter, call us if you need to. Bobby and Matthew should be in bed by ten at the very latest, since it's a school night, but we shouldn't be back too late. You can help yourself to whatever you like from the fridge or cupboards." Annabeth laughed, hopping off the counter. "Don't tell Percy that. He'll eat us out of house and home!" Adri grinned. "Alright. Well, thank you both again. And behave yourselves." With a kiss on the cheek for Annabeth (which smelt of perfume) and a smile for Percy, both her and Annabeth's father left. Percy waited until the car had driven away, before getting off the chair and walking over to her, wrapping his arms around her neck. "Things look like they're getting better. With your step mum, I mean." Annabeth's brow wrinkled. "I think so. We're both trying" She untangled her arms so she could put them around his waist and peck him on the lips. "Come on. Before this blue pizza gets cold." "Where's our dinner?" Bobby demanded, appearing out of nowhere. Annabeth jumped. She and Percy had been sat at opposite ends of the table, deep in conversation. So far, they'd covered the rebuilding of Olympus, which Annabeth was overseeing (though only briefly. Annabeth knew how glazed over his eyes would become when they covered architecture in detail, and she didn't want to bore him,) Camp Half Blood, their plans for the summer solstice, Annabeth's upcoming birthday, on and on. Annabeth felt safe in Percy's presence, happy like she hadn't been in a long time, almost like Tartarus had never happened... Which was ridiculous, because he'd been in Tartarus with her. So engrossed with their 'date night' they had completely forgotten about the fact that they were babysitting. "Right here. I was just keeping it warm for you." She said, turning her back to hide how flustered she was. "You're Percy Jackson." Matthew informed Percy, playing the 'protective younger brother'. "Annabeth's boyfriend." Percy laughed. "Hey, man. Pleased to meet you." Rolling her eyes for Percy's benefit, Annabeth set the pizza on the table. "Yes, it's chicken and pepperoni." she informed Bobby before he so much as opened his mouth, winking. "So, have you guys done your homework?" Asked Annabeth, breaking the awkward silence. "No." Scowled Matthew, just as Bobby said "Yes." "You should do it after dinner." Annabeth told Matthew, before turning to Bobby. "And your room is a tip. Clean it please." "Yes mum." Muttered Bobby. "What was that?" Asked Annabeth, here eyes narrowing as her tone grew dangerous. Matthew flinched, and Percy grinned. "Nothing." After that, silent fell around the little kitchen table, apart from the loud munching of pizza issuing from both Percy and Matthew's corner... Throughout the meal, Bobby's eyes kept flickering from Annabeth to Percy and back again, as though trying to figure something out. For their part, Percy and Annabeth seemed to be having some sort of silent conversation. For no apparent reason, Annabeth's eyes would spark with laughter, or an inexplicable smile would tug at Percy's lips, though no one had said anything remotely funny or even interesting so far. "Are you going to marry Annabeth?" Bobby blurted out suddenly, halfway through the meal. Annabeth's eyes widened as her cheeks flushed. Matthew, too, seemed to sense danger. "Bobby, why don't we-" "Maybe." Percy laughed, meeting Annabeth's eyes from across the table. "Bit premature, though, don't you think?" "Sorry. Stupid ADHD. Makes me say stuff I don't mean to." "Know the feeling." Laughed Percy. "My ADHD's always acting up at the worst moments." As Bobby grinned appreciatively and turned away to talk to Matthew, Annabeth winked and mouthed 'nice save.' Percy just smiled. "Blue cupcakes?" Annabeth grinned, once Bobby and Matthew had gone off down the hall to do the chores she had issued. Percy smiled in agreement, collecting the plates and dumping them in the sink as he poured hot water and washing up liquid over them. Annabeth grinned, and grabbed a dish cloth. "You do dishes? Maybe I really will marry you!" She grinned. Laughing, Percy splashed her with soapy water. "Oh, I am so going to get you for that!" She gasped. A full blown dish cloth war ensued, which ended (rather predictably) with them both flat on their backs in a soapy puddle of water on the floor... "Draw?" Asked Annabeth, looking down at the top Aphrodite had made her promise to wear as she peeled a sopping wet curl off her face. The poor fabric was drenched in dishwater, completely plastered to her, but somehow she didn't feel that sorry. It wasn't really her style anyway. "Draw." Percy laughed, biting his lip. "Alright. Blue cupcakes." Annabeth reminded him. As it transpired, Percy was about as responsible with cake mixture as he was with dish water. Annabeth swore there was more batter on her face, in her hair and on her clothes and bare arms than there was in the cake cases... Licking out the bowl was fun, though. Percy looked at her and grinned. "You've got a bit of flour just here." he said, trailing a finger down her cheek and wiping gloopy blue cake on her wherever he touched. Laughing, she grabbed the bag of flour from the side and threw a dust cloud all over him. He turned to her and grinned, his teeth seeming especially white and his tongue very blue... "Oh, that's freaky." She laughed. "You look grey! It's like seeing 50 years into the future. You look all old and crippled!" The truth was, his bright eyes still shone with mirth and his smile was still lopsided and sarcastic... He was seaweed brain, her seaweed brain, and that was just the way she liked him. He laughed. "You know, I think I put a bit too much food colouring in that. This many e numbers can't be good for me." "I thought it was a really intense blue!" Annabeth half sighed, half laughed. "Percy, you used almost half the bottle! Stick out your tongue!" Laughter so hysterical she almost wet herself overtook her. "Oh my gods, Percy! You look like an old alien!" Percy laughed. "Well, you're one to talk! You're covered in so much cake mixture you look like a blond smurf. Come to think of it, there is a blond smurf, isn't there?" Annabeth couldn't help it. She burst out laughing, yet again. After both of them showered and got changed, and the kitchen (at Annabeth's insistence) was properly cleaned up, they sat down to watch a film. Percy, however, didn't seem very interested in the Life of Pi. He was preoccupied with playing with Annabeth's still-slightly-damp curls. "I like you better like this." he said suddenly. Taken aback, Annabeth realised he was blushing even in the half light of the living room. "Like what?" she asked softly. "This." He clarified vaguely, waving his hand over her. "Without any makeup on, with your hair damp and down, dressed in one of my old jumpers." "Thanks, Percy." It was her turn to blush now. Tugging slightly self consciously at the ratty, over large jumper Percy had leant her the other month and making a half hearted attempt to flatten her hair, she smiled at him. "Not so bad yourself you know." She told him, tangling her hands in his hair. "Oh really, Wise Girl?" He asked, raising an eyebrow. "Hump hmm." The sound of the clearing of a throat had them both turning at the same time, Annabeth practically falling off the couch. Bobby. The kid had to have the worst timing in the history of the world... "Isn't it your bedtime or something?" Annabeth asked, with obvious impatience. "It's like 8 o clock." Bobby laughed. "Exactly." Annabeth replied. "Eight... Is it really eight?" She asked Percy, who shrugged in reply. "Well, yeah. Anyway, eight o clock is really far too late for you to be up. On a school night! You're 13, not 20!" She mock scolded. Bobby grinned. "Anyway, I'm bored." Annabeth frowned. "You're always bored." "So am I, as it happens." Matthew appeared suddenly at Bobby's side. "You don't mind if we join you guys, I'm sure, what with you both being incredibly responsible babysitters and all." "As it happens, I do mind, actually-" Annabeth began. "Excellent." Bobby cut across her, grinning as if he was enjoying himself quite a lot. "Budge up." "Fine." Annabeth replied, as Percy sat up. Hesitating for a fraction of a second, she sat down on his lap, her legs hanging off the edge of the sofa, hands tangled back in his hair. Percy smirked. "You know, just because they say babysit, doesn't mean you actually have to sit on someone, Annabeth." Matthew sighed, throwing himself down onto the couch next to them. Laughing, Annabeth stuck her tongue out. "Just because you've never had a girlfriend,