Chapter One I wake on my nightmare, and for a few moments I am grateful as it dissolves into the morning light. Then I remember the day. On the night before Reaping Day, there is always a nightmare. Life here in District 12 is ringed around in fear, so there are plenty of ready ingredients for frightening dreams: things I've been warned of all my life that wait beyond the electric fence that closes in the borders, inhabiting the surrounding woods - bears, wild dogs, poisonous snakes. Or worse - the mutated creatures I've seen on TV, designed specifically to kill us. Some of these are animals, enhanced with special skills like speed, cunning or extra weapons. Some of these are children, changed by the Game into killers. I'm not sure which I fear more. Sometimes, especially at school when I'm running around the track and my mind is allowed space to itself, I glance at the fence line and wonder if the world out there - the wild country outside my district, I mean - is really as fearful as I've been made to believe. Maybe, like the dark stories we are told as kids - tales of wide-eyed, cannibalistic rebels that no one buys, past the age of 5 - these cautions are meant to contain us, to keep us in line, more than to protect us. I don't know. I do know that no one dares venture out there, so maybe there is some truth to the warnings. Well - not no one. Although I'm allowed to sleep in today, I'm awake, so I rise. This might be my last day in District 12, so I might as well live it. I glance across the room at my brother's bed. He's asleep, his bare arm flung over his head. He's wearing a tank top, so it's impossible not to think about our wrestling match, just a couple months ago, toward the end of the school year. For the first time, I made it to the final round of the tournament, and just lost to him. Next year, I think …. Next year, he will be working full time in the bakery and I will be captain of the wrestling team. Next year. It's his last year in the Reaping, and I wonder how that must feel - how wonderful that must feel. All he has to do is survive today, and he's out. He'll join my mother and father and our older brother, Will, as a full-time employee of the family bakery. That means there will be less work for me next year, so maybe I'll be able to sleep in a little later in the mornings. I'd love it if I could just do the frosting, and not all the early morning prep work before heading off to school. That's a happy thought, and I try to cling to it as I sneak out of the room and head downstairs to the bakery. The stairs lead to the back office where my mother usually works, handling the accounts. This room is attached to the kitchen, at the back of the house. Both rooms are empty, although I can see by the presence of bowls on the counter and the open flour sack that my father has been in here this morning. I can hear his voice - not in the front of the shop, but outside - he seems to be talking to someone out back. I go to the window and just peek outside enough to see the back of his head, and the young man he's talking to. Reaping Day is a public holiday, so my father's under no obligation to work either – though we do open up in the afternoon to meet the demands of the day. In the morning, he likes to bake a small batch of cookies for a select two families on this day. After the Reaping, everything will be back to normal for most of us, and there will be a demand for bread, cake and pie tonight as people celebrate their families surviving intact another year. Ironically - horribly - depressingly - it's one of my family's best days for business. But for two families - the two who have children selected by today's lottery to go to the Capitol as participants in the annual Hunger Games - there will be no celebration. And part of my father's quiet protest against the horror is his gift of cookies to the families of the children who are taken. It might seem like a small thing, but really - fresh baked goods are beyond the means of most people in the District, where half the citizens are coal miners and most of the other half merchants living - like us - month to month, trying to make ends and quotas meet. There are a few people in District 12 who - probably by virtue of favors they or their ancestors did for the Capitol at some time - are independently wealthy. There's also Haymitch Abernathy, our resident Victor, who lives off his winnings for surviving the Games more than 20 years ago - and, to his credit, likes to spread his money around, when he's sober. There is our mayor, who earns a decent living. And the Peacekeepers - the Capitol's law enforcement force assigned to make sure we don't step out of line. What fresh goods we sell normally go to these. The rest of the district buys the day-olds at a discount, except for on special occasions. We get whatever doesn't sell after that. But stale bread tastes fine, dipped in grease or gravy, or toasted with eggs. It fills up the edges, anyway, and that makes us luckier than most. I've sifted flour, baking soda and sugar by the time my father comes back inside. He gives a start when he sees me, followed by a small, sad smile. He's bringing in a skinned squirrel, which I anticipated when I saw his visitor. Dad loves eating them, as both Gale Hawthorne and his hunting partner know - they make a point of trading them with him. Gale Hawthorne and Katniss Everdeen. They are the ones who defy our district boundaries, go out into the woods and bring back game. And they're kids! Gale is 17 or 18; Katniss is my age. They might be related - I'm not really sure, but they look like they are. Their hunting - it's not something any of us talk about openly - not us in school, not our parents, not the Peacekeepers. What they do - it's illegal. But who wants to turn them in? Both coal miners' kids, they are worse off than most, since their fathers died in a mine accident a few years ago. I know for a fact that Katniss was all but starving for a while after that. I guess her hunting is what's keeping her and her family alive. Same with Gale. And there is something about them. With Gale, it's obvious. He's tall and handsome and has an air of self-possession - I know girls who talk about him, about how they want him, despite his being from the wrong side of the district. I know some who claim to have kissed him. Katniss' appeal is more difficult to define. She favors him: she has dark eyes, gray as mist, dark brown hair - almost black - and brown skin. Not like mine gets after it burns in the sun and goes from white to red to red-brown. It has a natural golden undertone, like caramel. What's handsome on his face is I guess handsome on hers - she's not a natural beauty, in the sort of limited way we define it at school. But she's striking, and it goes beyond her individual features. It's in her expressive eyes; her cool, aloof manner; her natural grace. Not that I've noticed, or anything. Apart from that, Katniss and Gale were smart enough to target not just merchants, like my dad, but Peacekeepers and the mayor, himself. Yes, we might not be starving, but the only affordable meat available to buy are small portions of mealy, ground beef or beef liver or chicken gizzards, frozen and shipped to us from District 10. At holidays, we try to acquire better, if the year has been good - and once my family owned a pig - so I know what good beef, chicken and pork are supposed to taste like. But that's rare. In the meanwhile, even the smallest bit of fresh game - a roasted squirrel - is incredibly welcome. My father wraps the squirrel in paper and puts it in a drawer in the refrigerator. His relationship with Katniss' family actually goes back a long way, and is complicated, and he doesn't like opening that can of worms, especially when my mother is around. So, neither he nor I say anything about it. Dad will share squirrel with me and my brother, so - something to look forward to later. "What are you doing up?" he asks gently, as I count out eggs in a bowl. "Couldn't stay in bed," I say. The pain on his face is intense, unbearable. "Don't your friends have anything planned today?" Last year, me and the guys - Hendry, Quill, Sammy - and a couple of the girls who hang out with us - Delly and Lily - got together at the school, which has both wide-open and quiet spaces for running around or hiding in, depending on your purpose. But Sammy wanted to light small fires in the garbage cans and the girls seemed to want to flirt, and I found the whole thing so trying, so small compared to the enormous thing we were facing. I begged off this year. "No," I reply. "Is Will coming for lunch today?" Will is 22. A few years ago, he left home and moved in with our grandma, who has a small cottage in a neighborhood on the west side of the District. He still works in the bakery, but he couldn't stand living with mom anymore, especially after the tragedy of a couple of years ago. All of us kids from the ages of 12-18 - all of us, from the coal miners' kids, us merchant kids, the richer kids, all the way up to Madge, the mayor's daughter - are required to participate in the Reaping. Our names are entered into two giant glass bowls - one for the boys, one for the girls. Your name is re-entered every time you are not called, so the older you are, the more times your name is in the bowl. This is my fifth year being eligible for the reaping, so my name is in the bowl five times. Theoretically, I have the same chance of being called as any other 16-year old in District 12. But there's a wrinkle. There is a rule exception that allows any kid to exchange a small, monthly allotment of grain and oil for extra entries into the lottery - tesserae, these extra entries are called. And not just for him or herself. You can take out tesserae for yourself and for each member of your family, in addition to your usual lot. Just for an example, Katniss, who is my age – and who I've seen collect an allotment - could theoretically have put her name in four times a year for the past five years - one normal entry and one tesserae each for herself, her mother and her sister. She could have four times more entries than I have. So, most of the kids sent from District 12 to the Games are from our poorest, most hungry families. But it doesn't always happen that way. Occasionally, a merchant kid will upset the odds. The last time it happened was three years ago when, on her last year of eligibility, a