Disclaimer: All recognizable characters, names, plot, etc. belong to J.R.R. Tolkien. The chapter titles are also drawn directly from The Lord of the Rings and The Hobbit . Note: Also posted on archiveofourown Warning: Includes sight F/F and M/M relationships, if this offends please do not continue. This is my first fan fiction, please read and review! All constructive criticism is welcome! Please no negative comments, they will be deleted and ignored. I. Not at Home The Shire, December 1419 "Hobbits have lived in the Shire for over a thousand years, are we to let these Ruffians turn us out of our homes and ruin our gardens?" Farmer Cotton thundered. "We have always taken pride in keeping to ourselves, are we now to fail? To be overrun? What will happen to our womenfolk? To our children?" Rosie gripped her pale blue skirt in her hands as she listened to her father's booming voice, and the mutterings of the gathered hobbits. Rosie wanted to be in there, but her father had forbidden her attendance, insisting that it was not suitable for "a lass like her". However, he did not succeed in stopping her from listening in. The Shire was coming under attack, Rosie knew it as well as any other hobbit lad, but because she was of the 'gentle' sex she was told that becoming involved was "too dangerous" for her. Rosie detested the idea of cowering inside her hole while she waited for her father and brothers to fight off the invaders. What if they were hurt? Or worse, what if they were killed? "This is not wrestling with your brothers, Rosie, these are real enemies who would see you dead. It's too dangerous for you, lass." Farmer Cotton had protested when Rosie asked to fight. "Too dangerous", the phrase struck a chord in Rosie, and as she tossed and turned in her bed that night, she decided that she hated it. Less than a week later the hobbits were called to arms. The number of sheriffs swelled, and Rosie's own father and brothers left their cozy hole to join the border patrols. They snuck out when Rosie was away, leaving her distraught mother to explain what had transpired. Smart, Rosie realized as she stared at the empty road, because if she had known of their departure then she would not have let them leave without her. Dinner was a subdued affair, and shortly after Rosie went to bed; a plan already formed. Her mother may have accepted that they were to remain at home until the danger had passed, but Rosie hated waiting. She was going after her father, and she would not stop until she was, at least, allowed to train with the rest of the fighting hobbits. Surely , she reasoned as she braided her curly locks, he would let her learn how to defend herself . Therefore, with iron resolve Rosie snuck out of her hobbit hole, leaving a short note to her mother, and took off in the direction that she thought her father and brothers had gone. II. Out of the Frying-Pan Into the Fire At first Rosie was pleased with her speed, her resolve supplying her limbs with energy. The hours wore on, and the miles passed beneath her feet so she no longer felt the cold; at least not until she heard the noise. From ahead she heard the soft rumble of men's voices, and immediately Rosie increased her pace, foolishly expecting hobbits. The figures were far taller than any hobbit she had ever seen, and almost immediately Rosie knew that she had made a terrible mistake. Before she could retreat back to the shadows one of them noticed her, called to his friends, and then Rosie knew that she was trapped. Inwardly she cursed, calling herself a foolish Took as she found herself the object of the men's attention and jeering. It was the most horrible thing that she had ever experienced as they taunted her and poked at her, and although Rosie trembled from cold and fear, she did not show any other sign of weakness. Rosie dared not give these dreadful men any information that might be used to hurt the rest of her family, stubbornly keeping her mouth closed, even though her silence frustrated her tormentors. Their verbal threats became increasingly graphic, and Rosie's resolve was beginning to crack when the first arrow struck the man closest to her. At once the peaceful night erupted into chaos, and it was all Rosie could do to curl into a ball on the ground, hoping desperately not to get stepped on. Rosie's previous streak of bad luck seemed broken, as she found herself in the center of a group of seven people, her previous attackers lying around her; dead. Almost immediately she noticed that four of them were female. The pre-dawn light revealed three of her rescuers' exotic features. Their skin appeared to be naturally darker, their nearly-black hair was silky and straight, and their rich brown eyes were an almond shape. "Are you hurt? I am a healer, if you have any injuries please tell me so that I may see to them." Rosie turned her gaze to the young ranger who had knelt before her. The woman's voice was gentle, and her blue-grey eyes were compassionate as she looked over Rosie's somewhat battered form. "I will be alright." Rosie finally managed to reply, feeling self-conscious as the company of Rangers all looked at her. She had heard what the other hobbits said about them; their offer of aid, and the subsequent debate about whether or not to accept. Rosie had not felt strongly either way, but now she owed them her life, and she was beginning to realize that their presence could be of benefit with respect to the Shire's' survival. "Oi! What's happened?" The familiar voice of her father drew Rosie's thoughts away from the mysterious band of Rangers who had saved her from certain torture, perhaps even death. "Rosie?" Her father demanded, his stride faltering as he spotted her. "What are you doing out here?" He strode over to her, wrapping his arms around her in a protective manner as he surveyed the carnage. "You shouldn't be out here on your own." He told her sternly, before turning to the Rangers. "Thank you for protecting my daughter. We'll take it from here." Rosie winced at her father's cool dismissal of the women and men who had saved her life. She waited for a sharp rebuttal, but instead they laughed. "I think for now, master Hobbit, we shall remain with you, your men, and your daughter, for the night is not safe, nor is this area." A woman with dark skin replied. Her voice was rich, colored with an unfamiliar accent. Rosie could sense that her pronouncement, although worded harmlessly enough, was not one to be argued with. Farmer Cotton and the other hobbit men realized this, and so the company of Rangers and Rosie joined Farmer Cotton's band. III. The Scouring of the Shire Winter 1419 Sweat beaded on Rosie's brow as she went through the now-familiar motions. Training was hard work, but she had begged and pleaded until her father finally gave in, and allowed her to train. She was not allowed to become a sheriff, or to do any sheriff business, she was there only to learn how to defend herself, and while it was not exactly what she wanted, Rosie would take what she could get. Her arms felt on the verge of collapse as she raised her practice sword again, but she would rather be caught with an empty pantry and shaved feet rather than let the lads around her know. All of them were surprised by her vigor, many having thought that she would not last more than a day, and yet, three weeks later Rosie Cotton was still in training. "Alright, that's enough for the day." Rosie was relieved when the sheriff in charge called a halt to the grueling exercises. Mopping at her brow, Rosie left the field in search of Gilwyn, the kind-hearted healer ranger who had first spoken to her on that dreadful night. Since then, Rosie had split her dedication between learning to fight and studying the art of healing under Gilwyn. Rosie had a passion for plants, and while she knew a bit about the care of wounds, never before had she received as fine an education as Gilwyn gave her. Gilwyn herself had trained in the art of healing since she was a small girl, and her dedication was clear. While she was knowledgeable and skilled, what appealed to Rosie about Gilwyn were her patience and her easy smile. No matter how many mistakes Rosie made, when it came to identifying plants or practicing her stitches on odd bits of leather, Gilwyn never grew frustrated with her. Indeed Rosie was beginning to wonder if Gilwyn ever lost her temper or her patience. Rosie sat that afternoon making simple healing pouches with a few of the more important herbs, a needle and thread, and bandages. They might not cure a mortal wound, but it was required that the rangers carry them, and so Rosie had gone to her father, and convinced him that the hobbit sheriffs should also carry such pouches. Her father was delighted with the idea, and Rosie was beginning to find her place, not as a warrior, but rather as a healer. Across the room Gilwyn began to hum quietly to herself, and Rosie looked up, studying the young woman. Gilwyn was beautiful, there was no doubt about that. She had long dirty blonde hair, usually bound in a braid, blue-grey eyes and rose coloured lips. Her frame was thin and tall, and she carried herself with a certain regality Rosie thought. Indeed, if she was gowned and bejeweled Rosie thought that the young ranger could easily be royalty, but then again Rosie was wont to fantastic imaginings. IV . Many Partings Spring-Summer, 1419 Gilwyn and her squad of rangers remained in the Shire for the rest of the winter. Rosie enjoyed their presence, and inwardly she laughed at herself because she acted much like Sam did around Bilbo. She loved the Rangers' stories, especially those from the dark skinned Rangers, who she learned had come from the south, having escaped from the Dark Lord's slavery. Her favorite stories though, were about their Queen. Estelraen was her name, and she had ruled for several years, taking over after her mother died in battle. All the people loved her, Gilwyn said, and Rosie could see that the young ranger held her in especially high regard. When the time came to leave, Rosie found herself longing to go with Gilwyn and her companions. Yet she knew her place, and it was in the Shire, helping to pass along Gilwyn's teachings to the other hobbits, and defending her home. Thence, when Gilwyn told Rosie that it was time for her patrol to return north Rosie felt an unexpectedly pang of sorrow. She nodded to Gilwyn stood at her father's side and waved as they disappeared, melting back into the forest. The sheriffs continued to patrol, and Rosie saw plenty of injuries at first, but gradually the numbers waned, and eventually her father sent her home. She missed the bustle of the Sheriffs' base as she puttered around her hole with her mother, and she could not help but wonder if that chapter of her life was over. Rosie thought then that she would never be happy settling down with a simple hobbit lad and raising bairn after bairn as she had once dreamed of doing. No, she realized, she wanted more, she wanted to help people like Gilwyn did, and she wanted to go North and see the city that the Rangers had spoken of. She wanted to walk in the white stone streets, and meet people who had come from distant lands. She longed