{BPOV} I pushed my truck, and heard the engine roar at me in protest. Im sorry old truck, but i want to put as many miles behind me and forks as possible. I felt the familer feeling of sadness wash over me and let the angry tears run down my face. He was dead... They were both dead... The blood on my hands and smeared across my shirt was all i had left of them. The pack had been in a feirce fight when jacob ran to me and told me to get in my truck and drive... {2 hours earlier} "Dad! Dad!" I yelled as i through the door to the open house. I watched as he jumped up from his chair in the livingroom and came running up to me. "Bella? What in the world is wrong?" He asked trying to take me into his embrace to console me. There was no time for that. "Dad, grab all the money you have including my college fund and meet me back here in the kitchen... FAST! dont waste time and go!" I yelled pushing him toward the stairs. "What is going on here Bella? were not going anywhere, If there is going to be some trouble, I have a gun. Now tell me what is going on?" I shook my head frantically. "You dont understand! Go get the money now! She was right behind me!" He shook his head at me dismissivly. "Bella..." A loud growl was heard from outside and the sound of a stampede heading straight for the house. Charlies eyes became wide as saucers as the sound of shattering granite was heard with more ferocious growls. "W..What the hell is that!?" He yelled, grabbing a gun from his belt hanging on the peg. "You cant shoot them Dad! We need to get out of here!" I told him, grabbing his arm and dragging him out of the kitchen door. We ran straight to his cruiser and before He could jump into the driver side, He was lifted up from the ground my his neck, I watched with a tearful expression as his windpipe was crushed. I screamed for him as The vampire dropped him to the ground. Before i could register at all what was happening, the same vampire slid into the car and reached for me. Before he could grab me he was drug out of the car by a russet colored wolf, taking the stearing wheel to the cruiser with him as he went. The horror on my face had me pinned in my spot. "Bella! Bella!" Jake called to me jurking me out of the car and away from the scene of my dads dead body. "Bella! Look at me!" He looked around frantically as he carried me away from the fight in my back yard. "Bella, You have to get in your truck and drive! We cant protect you if you are standing right in the way for them to snatch you up! GO! And dont stop!" He shoved me into my truck and cranked it before i could even think. "Come with me!" I cried to him while holding onto his arm. I watched as his eyes glazed over for a split second before he snapped back to his control. "I love you... Let me go bella." He reached his head in and planted a scortching kiss on my lips. "I love you!" I sobbed to him as he turned around and ran back to the fight... I love you! A strange whisper made its way to my heart... 'promise me you will move on...' A fresh wave of tears washed over me. I wished it would drown me. I felt the steel cable ties sever as a strong wave of pain had me screaming as my truck eccelerated down the road... When a wolf imprints, its in his nature to become anything his imprint needs. I friend, a lover... But a protector first and foremost. Its no longer gravity holding them down to the earth, but that one person, they have a conection like steel cables... no one can break... only through death... Jake was gone... protecting his imprint... me. {End Memory} My fist found satisfaction in pounding my stearing wheel. Why the hell does this shit happen to me! Why does the world have a vendetta against me! My mind began to wonder and i felt my heart being drug into happier moments, for hours, I was drowning in the moments that My dad, Jake and I had sitting on the couch at the house while both my number 1 men fought over who was gonna win the game that night. The first kiss jake and i shared after he rescued me from my inner turmoil and self hatred i was in when they left... when dickward left. It was in that moment when i realized exactly why jake had never stopped trying to get me to look at him. Why for the life of me i couldnt seem to stay away from him either... I was his imprint. My truck sputtered on me as i pressed the gas. I needed gas. My needle was sitting on E. Looking around, i noticed there was nothing in sight for miles. I was on a backroad from hell. My truck coasted to a stop on the side of the road and finally died. I tried to start it up and keep going... but eventually i flooded the engine, and blew a gasket. I saw the smoke rolling out from the hood and sighed... "Great... Ugh! Stop shitting on me!" I screamed as i grabbed my things from the passenger seat and slammed the door closed. looking down at my phone, i noticed it had only 5% left. who would i even call... My dad was dead. My mom changed her number, my fiance was now dead... I looked up at a road sign to see where i was. Texas? How long have i been driving? I asked myself as i ducked under a barbwire fence and began to make my way through the long pasture of cows. I walked, and I walked, and I walked only stopping to rest for a few hours, then walked again. I already had dirt and leaf matted hair, my clothes were dusty and itchy, and my scalp was sun burnt to a crisp... I couldnt feel my head. I kept going because jacob wanted me to live, but when i thought about him, I began to dry sob... My body being so dehydrated, it wont even produce tears. I havnt pissed in days... I cant move my lips. the cracks from them being so dry began to bleed, and then i get sick from the smell, making me dry heave. My feet, having walked right out of my shoes in a mud bog miles back, were bare, cracked, bleeding, and purple and black. I couldnt feel them either. I was beat up... I dont know how long i had been walking... somewhere close to two weeks. I was starving... the only water i had was when it rained two days ago... but no luck on food. My body was shutting down... and i didnt know if i was going to survive another day like this... Night came around. The animals from the night life were making their noises and of couse, I was terrified. I took a labored step, my breathing comeing out in pants... I took another labored step, and another... then my knees finally gave out on me. I felt myself hit the ground hard and my chin bounced off the dirt. I was to tired to even react to the pain. My eyes began to tunnel. Jake? I saw someone walking toward me... it looked like jacob. Jake! I whimpered as i finally felt a tear slide down my burnt cheek. I smiled as best as i could as his beautiful face came into veiw... My lips ripped open and i felt the blood drip from my chin to the ground. Then my world became black. I began to stir awake. Opening my eyes slowly, I looked around my surroundings. I was laying on a white couch in the middle of a wooden cabin... slowly i began to get up. I felt the pain in my feet as i stood on my shaky legs. Hissing inwardly at the scortching pain on my feet. and the constant fire that was my head. My lips being more moist then i remember but blistered and burning as well. Where the hell was I? I took a step and felt a pain shoot straight up my leg to my back and crippled me back to the floor where I noticed my chin was bruised. "Uhhh..." I whimpered. "Bella, please dont move, you are in no condition to be walking around. Here..." I saw bright red hair pick me up and help me back to the couch. "There." He said stepping back from me. and thats when i saw her face... I opened my mouth as wide as i could and let out a blood curdling scream that emptied both my lungs. "Bella! Bella... Im not going to hurt you! Stop it!" She yelled over me. I felt myself begin to hyperventalate. "Bella, Im not going to hurt you... I know we started off on the wrong foot, but im different now..." I snorted and shrunk back into the couch when she tried to touch my shoulder. "You and your phycho boyfriend tried to serve me up for dinner like a fucking christmas turkey! So Fuck you Red!" I yelled at her and shrunk back into the couch further when she raised her eyebrow at my comment. "Bella, Please. Your alive. If i wanted to eat you, you would not be sitting on my couch... I only want to help you..." She smiled sadly at me and sat on the oposite side of the couch from me. "Why? Why should I trust you!" I yelled at her. "Because... I want to help you. When james wanted to hunt you, I let him. But it was because of you that i was freed from his control... james had a tracking gift. It was because of that, that my evasion gift didnt help me... he would find me every single time and drag me back. I knew he was going to die. Something told me if he went after you, he would be killed and I would be freed from him. So to be technical... I owe you my life." She told me with saddness in her eyes once more. "But you tried to come after me! Why!" I yelled at her. "Leurant. I had no choice... he wanted you. It was because of your wolf that i am completly free... please. Let me show you gratitude." I saw no lie in her eyes and a part of me forgave her in that instant when i heard her story... beaten and raped repeatedly by the worst vampires out there. "What were you doing out in the woods like that?" She asked me, handing me a cup of water infused with lemon. "Running. we were attacked... I lost my dad, some of the pack... and my fiance... the wolf that freed you." I told her, wiping a tear from my rubbery face, looking down at the now scratched but still shiny ring. "Im so sorry Bella... Wow!" She said looking at my ring. "Thats the most beautiful ring i have ever seen... custom made huh?" He asked trying to get my mind back on happier thoughts. I chuckled looking down at it. the stone setting was shaped into a wolf head, the stones were all placed in a pattern that looked exactly like jakes head did in his wolf form... even his beautiful gray blue eyes. "Yea, it cost him everything he had... and all he had been saving. he