Disclaimer: No copyright infringement is intended. Scarred "Jasper," she whispered in a comforting tone he hadn't heard in years. "How did you get this scar?" ••• He stood in front of her, fingers on the buttons of his shirt. "You need to know..." Jasper's voice trailed off as his eyes searched Alice's face. She took a deep shaky breath, amazed again how he made everything else slip away until it was just the two of them. She met his gaze and was surprised to see his eyes full of questions. The first time he kissed her she'd felt the magic. It was the way he'd grabbed her waist, pulling her toward him until she felt his body against hers and then he bent down and everything crackled with electricity as she wound her arms around his neck, tangled her fingers in his hair and kissed him back. It was a feeling of being pulled out of her body, of floating in some strange universe where the only things left were the feel of his hands on her waist, the pressure of his lips, the slip of his tongue in her mouth. She kissed Jasper Whitlock. Jasper Whitlock. Alice stepped toward Jasper, her bare feet padding across the carpet of her bedroom. She put a hand up to cover his and felt it trembling. He looked…vulnerable. Alice had a hard time incorporating the term 'vulnerable' with the Jasper Whitlock she knew. "Let me." Alice murmured as she pushed his hand away. Her fingers found the first button on his shirt and she carefully popped it out of the buttonhole. Her fingers slipped under the cotton fabric and found bare skin, brushing lightly with her fingertips before she moved to the next button. "Alice." She leaned forward and placed her lips on the patched of bare skin she'd exposed, leaving a light kiss. Then she flicked out her tongue and tasted salt and sweat. "I need you." She said against his chest then tilted her chin up to look at him once again. "Please." Her arms slid up his shoulders and around his neck, and she was tangling her fingers in his hair again, pulling his face down toward hers. Their faces were inches apart when she heard him say… "No." "Jasper?" Every part of her body ached to feel his lips on hers again, to feel his fingers on his skin. Alice trembled, wanting to press her body against his but his hands had come up between them and were pushing her away from him until they were standing face to face with a couple feet between them. "You need to know…" His voice cracked a little and Jasper shuffled his feet. She looked at him, trying to read what was in his eyes, to figure out where this was going, and then he looked away and stared at the carpet. "What is it?" Alice asked, reaching out to touch his arm, to remind him he wasn't alone. Jasper flinched as her fingers touched his skin. He lifted his head and looked at her again. Alice saw shame. And tears. "I have scars." "From him?" Alice asked softly, stepping closer. Jasper's shoulders slumped. Him. James. His father. The person who was supposed to protect their child, make their world safe. "Yes." She took another step and reached out to touch his arm again. This time he didn't flinch. Her hand slowly stroked up his arm, to his shoulder, along his collarbone, her eyes never leaving his the entire time. It stopped on the third button. "Let me see." Alice murmured. Jasper said nothing as she undid the third button, then the fourth, and the one after that, until his shirt was hanging open. She pushed the shirt over his shoulders and slipped it down his arms, then let it slip to the floor. Jasper tried and failed to suppress a shiver as Alice drew a dainty red tipped finger up his back, across his shoulders and then down his arm, before coming to rest in the space between his thumb and pointer finger. He remained still as she traced the faded diagonal scar that lay there, up and down. He knew the question was coming, and he wasn't surprised when a second later she took a deep breath and asked what was on her mind. "Jasper," she whispered in a comforting tone he hadn't heard in years. "How did you get this scar?" Jasper's nervousness stemmed from his worry over how his tale would be received. He had never had a good experience when it came to revealing the truth about what kind of man his father really was. In the past, his confessions had been met with either disbelief, betrayal, or the loss of the person from his life, and always a run-in with an enraged James. Eventually he'd learned to keep the truth to himself. Nothing good ever came from revealing the truth. Taking a deep breath and expelling it rather forcefully. He lay there silently for a few moments, trying to decide the best way to tell her, how much to tell her. He was so lost in thought he failed to notice Alice's hand reach out and sneak across his chest. It wasn't until she slowly linked their hands that he noticed she'd moved at all. "You don't have to tell me Jasper, if you don't want to." Jasper rested his chin on the top of her head, inhaling the sweet smell of her shampoo. It would be nice to tell someone knowing that he would be believed and not screwed over in the end. On the other hand, he didn't want her opinion of him to change. He didn't want her to think him weak or pathetic. He didn't want to set her wondering if or when genetics would win out in him and he would turn into his father. It was a thought he struggled with every day, he couldn't handle it if she did as well. "Jasper?" Alice questioned, propping herself up on his chest before placing a kiss on his chin. "I was nine," Jasper said quickly, practically forcing the words from his mouth. "His firm had lost a big client to a rival company, so I was trying to stay out of his way. I managed to do it about two days." "And on the third day?" "Parent teacher conference," Jasper ran his fingers through her hair, twirling the silky strands around his fingers. "He didn't like what he heard." ... The sound of the front door sliding open had Jasper halting in his tracks, plate of food balanced precariously on his hand, bag of chips clutched in the other. He stood frozen in the kitchen, listening as the door was shut with a soft click that sent his heart pounding hard and fast in his chest. Over the years, Jasper had learned his fathers tells, committed them to memory. He had them all down to an exact science. He could tell just by the way James opened a door what was in store for him. When he was angry, the doors would be thrown open, crashing against the wall with such force that it could be heard throughout the house. Then he would slam them shut with the same force, once so hard he had shattered a window. Those times were usually followed with an order for Jasper to get a belt and meet him in his office. Afterward he would lay still on the floor long after James had left, waiting for the sharp stinging to turn into a dull throb before he dragged himself to his room. When James was in a good mood, the doors would again be thrown wide open, except it would be his loud cheery voice that echoed through the house rather than the bang of the door. Jasper hated those times. They always made him anxious, wondering how long James's good mood would last. He would spend that time questioning every move he made, double, and triple checking his every decision, desperate not to do anything to set James off, desperate not to give him that one reason he needed. Despite his best efforts he always eventually slipped up, and it was actually almost a relief. Once he received his beating he could stop worry about when it was coming, and in his opinion that was a good thing. The beatings he could handle, but never knowing when they were coming was almost unbearable. Then there were days like this one, when James was livid. When all the frustration of the past week or month reached a boiling point. These were the days Jasper had come to fear the most. It was like navigating a mine field, everything looked calm and peaceful but one false step and it was over. Days like these the door would slide open with barely a sound and shut with a soft click. Then the only sound echoing through the house would be the strangely intimidating click of shoes on expensive tile. For the briefest moment Jasper considered running and hiding, but quickly dismissed it as a foolish notion. He would eventually be found and the punishment for that little stunt would be worse than if he had just stayed and taken whatever James planned to dish out. Jasper shivered as memories of being locked in the closet for hours on end flashed through his mind. He'd learned his lesson the last time. So he stayed put in a tense silence. " I had an interesting conversation with your teacher this afternoon," James stated, casually leaning in the kitchen door way, arms crossed. At the sound of his father's voice Jasper jumped violently, causing the plate in his hand to tilt and slide from his grasp. He dropped the bag of chips and made a desperate grab for the plate but missed. The plate crashed to the floor and shattered, the shards mixing with the chips. A second after the plate fell Jasper was on his hands and knees hurriedly trying to clean up the mess. " Leave it," James commanded, pushing himself away from the door way and moving further into the room. When Jasper failed to heed his order James stormed over to where his son knelt and smacked the broken pieces of porcelain from his hand, sending them flying in different directions and Jasper jumping backwards, slamming his head against the cupboard. " I said leave it!" James shouted, eyes blazing. Jasper remained crouched against the cupboard, heart racing, hand's trembling. He didn't dare move a muscle. He watched silently as the wild rage in James's eyes worked back down to a simmer. " Get up," James ordered calmly, pulling himself up to his full height. Jasper quickly scrambled to his feet but kept his back pressed to the cupboard, wanting as much distance between him and his father as possible. " I had an interesting conversation with your teacher this afternoon," James repeated. Jasper remained silent, eyes locked on the floor. " It seems my son is having trouble focusing in class. It seems he is disrupting the learning environment. Would you care to address these allegations?" When it became clear that Jasper wasn't going to respond James moved forward, crowding Jasper, forcing him further into the cupboard behind him. " I want an explanation Jasper," James said, eerily calm. Jasper nervously pulled at his sleeves, pulling them down over his hands as he tried to come up with an acceptable answer. "I uh….I…" " You uh?" James questioned mockingly. "I had to take two hours out of my day to meet with your teacher, who had nothing good to report. I expect a better explanation then 'I uh.'" Jasper's mind was racing as fast as his heart as he tried to come up with an acceptable answer. His mind was blank. He could do nothing but pull nervously at his sleeves. " Nothing? You