The imprint gets what the imprint wants Oh man she looked pissed. Like, Nessie Loch-Ness monster pissed. "What do you mean you promised my father we couldn't take things any further unless we discussed it with him?!" She was almost screeching, her perfect glossy curls vibrating with her indignation as they rolled over her shoulders. She was stalking up to me, those deep chocolate eyes blazing. " It has nothing to do with daddy! What you and I do is only our business ." I agreed with her, but Edward and I had had an agreement for years. He didn't limit my time with Ness, Bells and he let me be the primary babysitter–much to Blondie's chagrin– and in return, I had to promise to talk to them when the time came that I noticed my feelings for her changed and definitely before Ness and I took things up a notch. I'd already broken that promise. We'd headed back to the Res for Dad's birthday a few months ago and well… Ness had insisted we sleep in the same room. It was pure torture. Renesmee looks about seventeen now, and herein lies my dilemma. Most people think - imprint gets what the imprint wants. Wrong. Imprint gets what the imprint needs . And my imprint right now is on the cusp of adulthood, physically and emotionally. What she has wanted for almost the past 6 months is… me. My lips. My hands. My body. My hm-hm . But what she needed was a slow introduction to boys and romance. And that's what I gave her the night of dad's party. Romance, flowers, our first kiss and a treasured night of lying, fully clothed, in each other's arms. Of course I had a raging boner the entire time, she was pressing against me, her tiny smooth hands exploring under my t-shirt. She pouted like the seven year old she was when I told her out right that kissing was a far as we were going that night. Oh man, was Edward pissed when we got back to Juneau . I'd been so good at thinking of other things, but of course Ness couldn't stop thinking about it. She'd unintentionally landed me in the shit. I thought he was seriously going to bite me a new one as we drove up to the house. I just thank the stars Bella was only a second behind him or he would have had my balls, literally. Of course, to Edward, Ness was completely faultless in all this, me being the older one who was apparently supposed to have more restraint. What the hell was he talking about? Did he not realize how much restraint I'd had as his daughter attempted to dry hump me in my childhood bed? Regrettably, I didn't hide that thought and ended up with a few broken ribs, a dislocated collarbone and a terrified, screaming imprint, desperate to run over to me as her father held her back. I knew where Ness got her temper from... Both of them. That was about four months ago. Since then, I'd had a very curt discussion with a very uptight Edward and an only slightly more understanding Bella. They'd given me permission for me to 'date' their daughter. Whatever the hell that's supposed to mean. I mean, come on? Ness and I have been inseparable for the past 7 years. We're both basically consenting adults now. At least, she most definitely has the body of an adult. My point is, we already go see movies, we already go eat out at diners and go ice-skating and all that kind of stuff that boyfriends and girlfriends do. We've basically been dating for the past 2 years, ever since she reached adolescence and decided she wanted to try to be a normal teenager. The difference, I guess… is that, now… I want to hold her hand as we skate around the rink, not to help steady her, but because it feels good. I don't care what movie we see, not because I'm whipped, which I am, but because we're making-out so much, we don't even watch the opening credits. And eating? Oh well... Fuck me. There is something very sexy about being hand feed French fries by a beautiful woman. I guess I do see their point. The whole dang family had an opinion on it too. Rosalie and Emmett were having way too much fun with my unease and I really didn't want my virginity or my sex life discussed around a large dining room table that only Ness and I used. And then… I thought about said large table and Ness on it and earned myself an upper cut to the jaw. Never the less, we'd been steadily making our way through the bases, and the home plate was well and truly in our sights. I was biding my time a little but it was getting increasingly harder to wait. I had the idea that maybe we could go away for a weekend or something. There were just too many super sensitive ears and one way to prying brain at the Cullen house for me to be comfortable being intimate with Ness there for our first time. Ness, on the other hand, wanted us to go right now, and I mean NOW, and find a secluded ice cave and go for it, at 4:30 on a Wednesday afternoon. Even without the imprint, I wanted more for us than a cold fuck in a cave. A cave for fuck sake! What was I? An animal? So here we are… Somewhere behind Mendenhall Glacier, having a screaming match in the snow. "Ness, I promised him years ago; when you were still a baby." She stilled, her boots scrunching in the fresh snow. She had a gorgeous fresh flush to her cheeks; she'd only just taken down a Sitka deer ten minutes ago and was still in the blood lust of the hunt and also was still very much wrapped up in her plain old lust-lust. It was probably a bad time to have stopped our make-out session. "Well I'm not a baby any more Jacob!" For all her yelling, her anger was fading. "Don't you want to?" she asked much more quietly. My normally confident Ness letting that little skerrick of insecurity rise up. I moved the few feet between us, taking her back into in my arms. I bent my head down so I could see into to her eyes and so she could see the sincerity in mine. "Renesmee Carlie Cullen. I want nothing more in entire world to be with you, every second of our existence. I want to feel your body next to mine. To run my hands over your skin. To kiss every inch of you ." I was highlighting my words with my hands over her clothes. My fingers found the rise of her bust, needing and fondling over her unnecessary sweater as the other pulled her close against my chest. I could tell my breath was ticking her neck, she sighed a sexy, husky moan as I planted soft kisses down her throat. "Yes Ness. I want to. I just want to make it a little special. Not run off as if we have something to hide. Because we don't. I thought we could go away for a weekend or something." She had softened in my arms. Her eyes were closed and her head was tilted back, giving my lips better access to the soft flesh under her jaw. I'd realized a few weeks back that I had this tendency to nip at her jaw. A very wolfie thing to do. I guess the animal was never very far from the surface after all. She shifted, pressing her entire body against mine. Her tummy pressing into my not very well hidden in cut-off sweats, hard-on. "Does it have to be a weekend?" she asked, rubbing her face against my bare chest like a kitten purring. Her hands rippled over my six-pack and skimmed along the waist band, her delicate finger just between the elastic and my skin. No higher, no lower, just running along the edge. Back and forth. The warm skin ticking as she traced along. Then she rested her palm against my cheek, showing my all the things she'd liked about the last few months we'd been discovering each other's body and throwing in a few scenes from her imagination to boot. Do you have any idea how much of a turn on it is to have an exceptionally vivid, personalized porn show deposited into your brain? A really, really big turn on. The imprint gets what the imprint needs. And right now I was getting crystal clear what she needed. She needed sex, from me. It was like she was in Estruses or something. None of us knew if hybrids were fertile, if they ovulated or what the go was. But right now, the scent coming off my girl was so overpoweringly intoxicating, I was ready to take her then and there in the snow of the open forest of Alaskan wilderness. I swallowed hard, suddenly nervous as hell and commanding all my focus not to take her up on the ice cave offer. I opened my mouth to speak, only to have a little squeak coming out as she kissed along my chest, licking my nipple with her tongue. Oh man. Clearing my throat, I reasoned, "I guess it doesn't have to be a weekend. I just thought with school and all…" We'd been going to high school for the past two years. It was Nessie's first time and I was in pretty much all her classes, but so too were her mum and dad and her aunt… much to Nessie's irritation. "I think we can miss a day or two of school Jacob," she purred. I could practically see the clogs ticking over in her brain. "Ness?" I warned, drawing the word out, my voice quavering with my sudden tension and need. "What are you thinking?" My dick was probably thinking the same thing, but the gentleman in me was trying so very hard to wait just a few more days. She bit her lower lip between her teeth, a habit she'd learnt from her mother. She looked at me, her lids batting salaciously as she gazed up with those reflective windows to her soul that I could never say no to. Her lashes were thick and brown and framing those deep, warm eyes that had held me captivated and enthralled from the very first moment they'd met mine all those years ago. God, I loved her. She smiled at me provocatively, her hand coming back up to my cheek. " Let's go home ." Then she was out of my arms and racing along the base of Bullard Mountain before I could process her words and more importantly, the intent behind them. We were racing through the mainland of the Alexander Archipelago. Once I'd phased, it had only taken me a minute or two to catch up. I arrived home to the setting sun, I'd stopped to phase back and change into the clothes I'd stashed in my school bag behind the campus forest. When I walked out of the conifers, across the road of the Cullen home, Alice was standing out on the front portico, two bags at her feet, handing Ness a piece of paper as she tossed me the keys to her Porsche. "It's all taken care of," she sung, her pixie like voice echoing over the stillness of the early spring twilight. "What's ' all been taken care of' ?" I asked. Alice had a habit of telling me everything was arranged, but leaving the bit where Edward was furious about it, out. And I was pretty sure he would be 110% furious about whatever the two women had secretly planned in their head as we'd run back