A/N : Many Thanks to my Beta Aretee for her help on this one. This little story was thrust in to my brain while I was cleaning my house, listening to the Song 'Drunk on a Plane' by Dierks Bentley. It's very, very loosely based on it. I've taken it a little further though. ie; off the plane. I just had to get it written down; and so I did. My big story, Pineapples and Cherries had to go on hold for a few days. This is Part One. It's a Ness and Jake story. It's ALL HUMAN. And I think a lot Heart-Breaking. Let me know you're thoughts when you're done. Me and my ego really do like the reviews... saying that... Namaste, folks - May the light within me honor the light within you. Marina ... PART ONE ... "Are you sure you're going to be okay?" Sue Clearwater-Swan had been like a mother to him for most of his life, and if yesterday had gone to plan, she would have become an actual mother to him, of sorts. An in-law at least, that is. But, yesterday had not gone as planned. Not even close. "I'll be fine Sue," he answered to the woman. "Tell dad I'll call him when I get there." He lent down placing a peck on her cheek, picked up his carry-on luggage and walked down to the customs check point. He had the tickets booked; they were non-refundable. And he had to two weeks off work. So he went on his honeymoon… alone. ... As they hurtled across the Pacific Ocean, somewhere between the refueling stop at LAX and Brisbane, he ordered his fifth scotch on the rocks and toasted the empty seat next to him. It was supposed to be her seat. The stewardess refused him service with around four hours of the last leg of the journey still remaining. The journey was twenty-two hours, a drink every hour, even more over the four which were spent waiting in transit. It had been a long flight after that. So, as they'd flown up the East coast of tropical Australia, he'd plugged in his head phones, wrapped himself up in a thin courtesy blanket that was much too small for his frame, found the most depressing music he could, and remembered what he wanted to forget. It had all blown up in a fiery ball of flames in the early hours of Thursday night. She'd convinced him that, to try and maintain some order of tradition, she was to say at their modest one bedroom apartment in the center of town, while he went back home to stay with his father for three nights. Three nights they were meant to spend apart, before they began the rest of their lives together. But she was his everything; his first and— what he thought was— his last. The love of his life; his natural path. He'd been unable to stay away from her for so long, especially knowing she was just a few miles away. So, after waking from a practically stimulating dream around 3 am, and not really wanting to fix the problem himself, he'd headed back to his own home. And found her naked… in what had been and was to be, their marital bed… with another man. Needless to say, the encounter had not gone well. It had not been quiet and it had not been cordial. And the end result had been a called off wedding, a broken relationship of ten years, and a non-refundable vacation to a tropical paradise in Australia… for two. With a heavy heart, jet-lag of global proportions and a hangover to give Charlie Sheen a run for his money, he picked up the rental car. A sports convertible, sleek and a pleasure to drive, he hardly noticed, his heart was no longer in it. With his half of the couple's luggage they'd bought months ago, he loaded up the car and traveled up the coast. It was early hours of the morning when he arrived at the resort, there was minimal staff on shift, the valet doubling as the porter. He said good bye to the hire car. Deciding he'd see the area the old fashion way— on foot. It was her who'd insisted on the car. She wasn't the outdoorsy type. The beautiful girl behind the counter gave him a questioning look as he stood there asking for the key to the honeymoon suite… alone. "It's a long story," he smiled— a fake smile, but a smile none the less. As tall as the beautiful girl was she'd still had to reach to unhook the clip board off the hanger. As she did, the back of her white, pressed, collared shirt riding up to reveal the fine edges of some kind of tattoo drawn into the small of her back before it escaped under the fitted black of her pencil skirt. "Room 305," she smiled as she turned back to him. Her eyes pitying and kind as she handed him the plastic card. Two of them, to be exact. He slept for most of the day, waking up mid-afternoon to a headache and hungry stomach. After a phone call to his father, two Tylenol, and an overpriced room-service burger, he headed downstairs to explore the bay. The reason they'd booked the vacation half way across the world, was —while sitting on their sofa, curled up in one another's arms, watching TV— she'd seen some spectacular footage of the Great Barrier Reef on a travel show and she'd begged and pleaded that they'd go there for their post wedding escape. And that had been that, a seven day honeymoon in the sub-tropics. Until she fucked someone else, that is… two days before the wedding, to be exact. But it hadn't just been someone else, it was him . The musician. It had always been him; that was what she'd said as she broke his heart and spirit, that fateful Thursday morning. And it hadn't just been two days before the wedding. It had been two years . For two years she'd been taking work trips to Seattle, visiting her mother in Florida, staying back at the library where she worked filing books. She'd confessed that they'd all been lies. With her high school sweet-heart, that was where she'd been, each and every time she'd deceived him. He felt like a fool, taken for a ride, cuckolded, and abased. The musician had exited her life after her first year of college, leaving her heartbroken but then very much free for the boy next-door. And he taken that opportunity. The boy next-door, still only a senior in school; he'd wooed the collage junior. He'd flirted and invited, dated and eventually fallen in love—madly—with Bella Swan. And her, him. Until he'd come back to the town that is. With the clarity of hindsight, the clues might have been there. Her awkwardness and the way she'd dropped his hand the time they'd run into him on the street one Friday night. Her overly doting care on her return after her visits to her 'mother'— 'Guilt Lasagna' he now thought of it as; the text messages at odd hours, and her obsession with keeping her inbox empty. The high school senior had filled the hole the musician's absence had left all those years ago. And he'd filled it well. But the scar of that absence had never healed. That is, until he'd come back into her life, and filled her… to the hilt. She'd been his first, in everything. He'd worked hard to save up enough for a ring for her. They'd talked about what names their children would have. They'd looked in relater shop windows, imagining and speculating on what kind of house they'd call a home one day. He was finding it hard to contemplate a life without her there by his side. But he was doing it. One solo honeymoon at a time. The area was beautiful, white beaches and crystal blue water. A small yet thriving town that swelled in size in the summer. Tourists and backpackers, tanned and relaxed, casually mixing with the locals. After sundown, he found himself back at the resort, the pool-side bar calling. He was on to his second beer when he saw her. The girl from the front desk. In a similar white pressed shirt, she had on some high wasted, high cut shorts that night. Her long toned legs bare as she waited tables around the pool. "Can I get you something else?" she asked, her accent strong, her smile bright. Handing her the empty bottle, "Can you recommend anything local that's good?" he asked. She took it, eyeing him though her long brown lashes, "I think I have just the thing." This continued for several more bottles. Until he found it increasingly hard to stay standing in the soft sand that surrounded the pool. When she came to collect his last bottle, she had a cleaning rag in her hand, and wiped the table he was leaning on, looking up at him, and then back to the table. "Anything else local I might be able to sample?" he asked, his speech slightly slurred. "I think I'm going to have to cut you off now, sir," she said, a hint of laughter in her voice. He hid the pout—at being called "Sir"— not the lack of alcohol. "If you've just flown into the country, you're going to want to try to get your body clock in sync with local time. Try and at least sleep at some point in the night and get up before noon tomorrow." They were wise words for such a young woman. Too young for him, if he was being honest. But he wasn't— being honest that is. She was too beautiful to care about age. Age was just a number. "You're very beautiful," he said to her, leaning in closer as she lifted the bus-bucket off the stool next to him. "Thank you," she said, a slight blush heating her cheeks, "and you're very drunk. Time to go back to your room I think." She placed a soft hand in the middle of his back, directing and compelling him to make his way back up to the hotel wing. He did, stumbling his way across the bar and pool area, fumbling with his plastic white card as he'd taken it from his back pocket and dropping it in the sand. He was down on his hands and knees, searching through the hidden sandy shadows of the evening, when he felt her kneel down next to him. Her phone in her hand, a light from it illuminating the ground as her toned arm reached by his ankle, picking up the card. "Room 305, right?" she asked, standing, her long legs in short shorts stretching up as he tilted his head to follow her as she stood. He nodded, mute, from those legs. "I think I'd better make sure you get in safely, sir," she said, holding out a hand to help him up. He took it, but he didn't use her as a hoist much. He feared she'd think him much too weak to lift himself. He wasn't. He knew he was strong. He'd been a regular attendee to the local gym. And he knew he had the musculature underneath to prove it. And her hands were very soft. She helped him to the lift, pressing the button as he lent on the wall to the side for support. She held the door open as he entered behind her and she pressed the floor number. She had on a pair of white sand shoes, no socks. The color only accentuated the dark tan on her skin. He watched her out of the corner of his eye as they waited for the elevator to climb the three floors, his gaze raking up over her firm ass and