Family ties I was having a lot of fun at black manor with Aria and Uncle Moony. I got to meet Aria's Aunt Andromeda and cousin Nymphadora who told me to call her Tonks. She was the Auror for my case with the Dursleys. She was glad that I was doing well. I assured her that I was. I was also working on my French. This past year with Tom hanging over my head and my fight with Draco I had slacked a lot on it. Since my father demanded I stay home after my trip to Aria's it wouldn't be until next year that I would be able to go to France with the Malfoys. Which was a good thing because I needed a lot of work on my French before I was ready to try it out in Paris. Aria and I were excited for the new school year and the Marauders. I was determined to have a fun uneventful school year. Since there weren't many pranks last year we decided that we would have to make this year's really good. Also, we wanted to start the Animagus process. The first step was holding a mandrake leaf in your mouth for a month. We made plans to get them when we went to Diagon ally. A few days into my stay the floo activated and Aria, Remus and I headed to the living room to greet the visitor. To our shock a girl with curly black hair and a regal face and brown eyes was standing there looking upset. "You look just like your mum." Aria said shuddering. "Who are you?" I asked. "It's me Hermione or I guess its Arabella now." Arabella said sadly. Aria and I wrapped her in a hug. "Tell us everything." Aria demanded. Remus seeing that Hermione needed our comfort quietly slipped from the room. Hermione or Arabella I guess told us what happened in the past few days. After leaving the station with her parents she confronted them about being adopted. They said her adoption was legal and that her Aunt had no claim on her. What they didn't account for was the fact that Arabella is a pureblood. Since in the magical world she was stolen not placed for adoption they threw the adoption out. She was immediately placed with the Malfoys. "It's not that they treat me bad… I just miss my parents. I won't ever see them again." Hermione said. "Herm….. I mean Arabella I know it's hard but you still have us. No one can take us away." I said. "Thanks. It's really hard knowing my whole life was a lie." Arabella said. "It would be for anyone just give it some time." Aria said. "I don't know what I would do without you guys." Hermione… Arabella said. When she smiled I noticed she had perfect teeth. "By the way what's with the sudden appearance change?" I asked. Arabella bit her lip. "Well when I was being checked over they found concealment charms and of course those are gone now. Do I look bad?" She asked. I shook my head. "Not at all Ella." I said. "Ella?" Her.. Arabella asked. "Well I doubt you want to be called Bella like your mum." I said shrugging. "Most people call her Bellatrix only Aunt Cissa calls her Bella." Arabella said. "Would you prefer Bella?" I asked. She shook her head. "Ella is fine. Everything is going to take some getting used to." She said. "So Ella have you met Aunt Andromeda and Nymphadora?" Aria asked. Herm…..Arabella shook her head. This was going to take some getting used to. "They said they wanted me to start my lessons first. Narcissa is training me on pureblood history and culture. Lucius is training me in FAMILY magic." she said with distaste. "I will probably be joining you in Narcissa's lessons. She wants to teach me too." I said. "Really?" She asked excited. "Oh, that would be wonderful!" Arabella said. "Maybe you can help me catch up on my French with this past year I am really behind." I said. "I would love to." She said. "You feeling better?" Aria asked. Arabella nodded. She sighed. "I probably shouldn't have been as man as I was to Aunt Cissa but I just felt so angry and out of control. My whole life has been flipped upside down, and she is acting like everything is brilliant." Arabella said. "Because to her it is. She thought you were dead. She now has a piece of her sister." I said. "I don't want to be any part of Bellatrix! I don't want to be any part of Tom Riddle! I hate them both. They may be my mother and father but they aren't my parents. My mum and dad are the Grangers. Aunt Cissa has good intentions I am sure but she isn't my family either. She took me away from my parents if she truly cared why would she do that?" Arabella ranted. "Ella look I know it's hard but it will get better. Aunt Cissa isn't bad I hate her husband but Aunt Cissa cares. She wants you to be her daughter. She tried to get me but she couldn't. She wants a pretty girl to dote on and groom. With Draco, he is mainly Lucius responsibility because he is the heir. Besides don't take this the wrong way but with Bellatrix and Voldy as your mother and father if something happens it's better for your parents to forget you exist." Aria said. "You mean you think this is a kind of protection for them?" Arabella asked. "Yea." Aria said sadly. "I agree Voldy isn't going to give up. If he succeeds it will mean war. Your parents are better off far away from that." I said. Arabella turned thoughtful. "You guys are right I never thought about that." "Besides it is not like your have to instantly love Aunt Cissa. Just try to be positive and give her a chance." Aria said. "We are always here for you. We will help you get through this." I said. Arabella smiled. "You guys are the best sisters I could ever ask for." Arabella said smiling. "Are you going to stay here or go back and apologize?" I asked. Arabella sighed. "I suppose I should go back I was rather harsh." She said sadly. "You're more that welcome here anytime." Aria said. "We will see you soon." I said hugging her as she headed toward the floo. "See you soon." She muttered. With one last wistful glance she headed towards the floo grabbing some powder and saying Malfoy Manor. While we were eating dinner the Floo activated again. This time it was a certain blonde standing in the living room. "Draco? What are you doing here?" I asked. He wrapped me in a tight hug. "Hey beautiful." He whispered making me blush. Aria rolled her eyes. "Hello cousin what brings you here?" Aria asked. With her arms crossed lazily. "It's Arabella she makes me so mad! I mean first she insults mother. Then she runs off upsetting mother even more. Then she gives a half ass apology and locks herself back in her room." He snarled getting angry. "Dray come on you can't expect her to just accept that her world has been turned upside down." I said. "She should be greatful! My mother loves her like a daughter already and we have given her everything she could every want." He said heatedly. "Draco don't be daft. This isn't about her getting enough or not getting enough. She is human and it will take time." Aria said. "Why does she need time?" Draco asked. I giggled. "You are so clueless." I said. "Ok let me put it this way. Lets say you suddenly found out Lucius and Narcissa adopted you. Instead of being a elite pureblood you were a muggleborn. Your muggle aunt won custody of you ripping you out of the only home you have ever known." I said. His brows furrowed as he thought. Then he sighed. "I guess I see your point, but she could still be cordial." He said huffily. "Just give her time." Aria said. "Don't push her let her come to you." I said. "AND DON'T INSULT THE GRANGERS. They are still her parents in her mind and always will be. They raised her and cared for her." Aria said. "Just be nice Dray give her time and you will become her family to it wont happen overnight." I said remembering my current position with my father. We fought more than anything and neither of us knew each other that well. It's probably the reason he wanted me to stay home with him this summer. "Your vacation to France should help." Aria said breaking me out of my thoughts. "Yeah anywhere Hermione can learn." I said. "Arabella." Draco corrected. "Right. Going to take some getting used to." I said. "Well I should probably get back." He said giving we a quick kiss making Aria gag and screw up her face. "I ate do you have to do that?" She scowled. Draco just smirked. "Of course, I do cousin. The fact that it annoys you makes it all the sweeter." He said before taking the floo powder and leaving. Aria scowled deeper. "Prat." She muttered. I laughed. "You know the more you react the more he is going to do that right?" I said. "Tell me why you like him again?" She said. I shrugged. "Maybe I like annoying you two." I said before laughing. Her jaw dropped open. Then she glared at me. It had no heat to it. I just wrapped my arm around her shoulder. "After all what are sister for." "I'll remember that." She said grinning evilly. "Bring it on! This means war." I said. "What are the rules?" Aria asked. "Pranks only can last one day. Whoever concedes first or runs out of ideas losses there can be no longer than five days in between pranks or that's considered conceding." I said. Just as we were about to shake on it we heard. "Oh, no you don't! I want this manor to stay in tack thank you very much." Remus said entering the living room. We both pouted. He just chuckled. "You two look so much like James and Sirius doing that. Granted your faces are much more effective at it." He said chuckling. "So why don't you want us starting a prank war with each other?" I asked His eyes sparkled with laughter. "Because you two are so much like James and Sirius. One time they started a prank war with each other. It all started when James and Sirius were arguing who was the best prankster so they started a prank war. It got so bad McGonagall had to step in and stop them. They ended up in detention for a month because McGonagall went to talk to them and ended up in one of James's prank. She was covered in a sticking solution and doused with glitter. James nearly died from laughter but McGonagall was not too happy." He said chuckling. We both laughed along. "I wish I could have seen her face." I said. "I know I wish James had taken a picture!" Aria said. "Your father did. I still have it." Remus said to Aria. We both grinned and said. "Show us!" Moony came back with a picture a few minutes later. James was on the floor clutching his stomach laughing and face red. McGonagall was covered head to toe in neon pink glitter. Her face contorted in rage she was shaking her first at James. We all laughed at the picture. Remus sighed. "That was our seventh year. It was probably the last prank James pulled. That's another reason he got in so much trouble because he was head boy." He said sadly. I looked closer at the picture and finally noticed