Left Behind It was a dark and gloomy night when Remus Lupin dirty and tired apperated into Hogsmead. He was tall and skinny. His face looked older than it should be. His strawberry blonde hair flecked with grey. His amber eyes dull and showing his weariness. He really just wanted to go straight home. Dumbledore however insisted Remus came straight to him after the mission. Probably so nothing was forgotten or you weren't killed before he got the information. The wizarding world was at war. Remus Lupin was a wizard and firmly on the light side of the war. Albus Dumbledore was the leader of the light side. He was a very formidable wizard and also the headmaster of Remus's old school Hogwarts. Which was where Remus was headed when he walked through the gates into the Hogwarts grounds. His shabby robes billowed behind him as he walked quickly up the path to the school. As he entered the grand castle he remembered the first time he entered it. He headed down the hall to a stone gargoyle. "Fizzy Wizbangs" He said. At the words the Gargoyle leapt aside and Remus stepped onto the spiral staircase. The staircase started rotating upward until it stopped in front of a huge wooden door with a Griffin knocker. He used the knocker and waited. "Come in." Said Dumbledore's voice. It was far less cheerful than it normally was. Remus hoped that nothing too bad had happened while he was away. He pushed open the door and strode towards the desk in the center of the room. Behind the desk was a wizard with a long silver beard and silver hair. He was wearing blue robes with stars on them. He had on a matching wizards hat. His wrinkled hands sitting together on the large wooden desk. His head bowed and his blue eyes holding none of their usual twinkle. "Hello Remus how did the mission go?" He asked softly. Remus sighed he had a bad feeling about this. "As well as to be expected. They are leery of me. I think I can convince some of them though." He said. "Good well some is better than none." The headmaster said fidgeting. Dumbledore closed his eyes and took a deep breath. A tear rolling down his face. Remus was quite alarmed by this Albus had always kept it together. "What has happened Albus?" Remus asked anxious. His stomach was churning panic beginning to rise. "Remus…. I am afraid there is good news and terrible news." He said. "Just spit it out Albus." Remus said. "I am afraid Lily and James are dead Remus." Remus started shaking it couldn't be true. If they were dead then that meant Padfoot had betrayed them. "NO!" Remus shouted shaking his head. Tears started flowing. "I am afraid so my boy. You will be happy to know that Sirius has been captured. Unfortunately Peter found him first and Sirius blew him apart killing him and twelve muggles." Albus said sadly. "NO! NO! This can't be happening! Sirius he he killed Peter?" Remus said in shock. Remus had no one left then. His pack was dead. Two of them wiped out by one of their own. "When did this happen?" Remus choked out. "Voldemort found James, Lily and Harry on Halloween night. When Hagrid arrived, James was dead in the entry way. Evidently, he tried to buy Lily enough time to escape. Hagrid went upstairs and Lily was dead in front of the crib." He said. Remus started to sob. "What.. what about Harry….?" Remus asked. "He miraculously survived. Voldemort has disappeared. I don't believe he is dead however. I think he has lost his powers." Dumbledore said. Harry was alive? He was ALIVE! HARRY WAS ALIVE! Not all was lost. Voldemort was gone. "How on earth did Harry survive?" He mumbled. "I do not know but I believe it was something Lily did." Dumbledore said thoughtfully. "Where is Harry? I should be with him. He is coming to live with me." Remus said. "Harry is safe. I am afraid he cannot come live with you Remus. He must live with his mothers sister. I believe Lily created a blood sacrifice when she stepped in front of Harry. Her blood relatives will offer a protection against Voldemort's remaining .followers." Dumbledore explained. "I will protect him! I will keep him safe! Lily's sister will likely abuse him. She hated Lily and magic." Remus growled. "I am sorry but no Remus." Dumbledore said. "You have no say in the matter!" Remus shouted his anger rising. "Oh and why is that Lupin?" Dumbledore said coldly. "BECAUSE HE IS MY SON!" Lupin shouted trying not to launch himself at the headmaster. "What?!" Dumbledore said in shock. He jumped up from his chair staring at the wizard in front of him. "You heard me. I said Harry is MY son." Remus snarled. "He is James son." The headmaster retorted. "Lily and James would have told me. He looks just like James." Remus smirked. "No one knew except James, Lily and me. As a werewolf, I was worried about the laws and providing for them. James offered to play husband and father as long as he could claim an heir. He wanted me to be happy." Remus said. "Lily and I were in love since our fourth year. We kept it quiet because of my condition." "What will it do to Harry for this to come out though. Think of Harry Remus and what's best for him. He is a hero and there may come a time when he needs peoples support. He won't have it if they know the truth." Dumbledore said. "That's why no one has to know the truth. I will adopt him." Remus said. "The ministry will never allow it." Dumbledore said. "I don't give a damn. They don't need to know. They think he is at his Aunts and Uncles. They can continue to believe that. They don't need to know the truth only you do." Remus said glaring hard at the man. This threw Dumbledore because Remus was usually quiet and calm. The headmaster sighed and knew he was defeated. "Fine but what about your condition?" Dumbledore asked. "I will find someone to watch him. Perhaps Minerva?" Remus pondered out loud. "Minerva is far too busy." The headmaster said. "Do you know of anyone headmaster?" Remus asked. The headmaster shook his head. "I cannot allow you to take him Remus without a plan for those days." Dumbledore said pleased to be getting his way. "What about Marlene Black? She has a daughter Harry's age and they always got along well." Remus said. "Given that she just lost her husband I highly doubt she is in any state to take on another child even if only a few days a month." Dumbledore said. "Lets leave that up to her she is Harry's godmother after all." Remus said as he walked over to the floo. "May I?" He asked as he was about to reach for the floo powder. When the headmaster nodded he took the green powder off the mantel and threw it into the fire. "Black Manor!" He called. A tired looking witch with her short black hair a mess her brown eyes bloodshot. She had tear tracks down her face. She was holding a baby girl on her hip. "Marlene." Remus called turning her attention to him. "Oh! Remus your back! I am so sorry!" She started to sob. "This isn't your fault Mar." He said. She sniffled. "Thank you, Remus, I should have seen it though!" She said. "No one saw it coming. Look I have a favor to ask you." He said. "What is it Remus?" She asked. "I want to take Harry, but Albus will only let me if I have someone to watch him when I can't." He said pointedly. She knew of his condition and paused a moment. "Of course, Remus! You both can move in here. That way you can help me with the both of them. I can handle things when your away." He liked that thought. It would be unconventional but Harry would have a family. "Great! I will pick him up and be there within the hour. I will go get him the stuff he needs in the morning." Remus said relieved. The headmaster was upset that this wasn't working out he had hoped that it wouldn't be this hard. Well as long as the boy was kept safe that was what mattered. When Remus ended the floo call he stood up. "Well there you go. I will be off to collect my son. Where is he?" He said. "Number 4 private drive little Whinging, surrey." Dumbledore said. "Thank you headmaster." Remus said. The headmaster nodded vaguely towards him. He left the grounds and apperated to Private Drive. He felt grubby looking at the houses. They were too clean too perfect for his liking. He cast a notice me not charm. He walked quickly up the street until he came upon number 4. The living room light was on and he could faintly hear a television. He could sense the closeness of his cub. He walked swiftly up the walk and rapt on the door. After a few shocked exclamations he heard footsteps. The door swung open and Remus was met with a tall woman with blue eyes and blond hair. She was tall horse faced and thin. "How can I help you?" She asked scowling at his attire. "May I come in for a moment to explain?" Remus said politely. "What is this about?" She demanded not moving. "I am here about your nephew Harry." He said. She tried to slam the door in his face. He stuck his foot in the door then slammed it open throwing her to the floor in the process. After hearing the noise a large portly man came waddling into the entry way. "WHO ARE YOU? WHAT DID YOU DO TO MY WIFE?" He roared coming at him like a rampaging bull. Petunia just stared at him horrified. He whipped out his wand making the man freeze. "Your one of those freaks." He snarled. "GET OUT OF MY HOUSE!" "Where is Harry." Remus asked growing angry. "What do you want that freak for?" Vernon asked. Remus punched Vernon in the face making him fall back. "Call me or my son a freak again and it will be the last thing you do muggle now tell me where my son is." Remus growled his eyes becoming Amber with his anger. "Your son?" Petunia stuttered in shock. "Yes my son. Lily ever mention a Remus Lupin?" He asked. Petunias eyes grew wide with shock she was trembling. "He is in the cupboard under the stairs take the filth and go!" She said. Remus glared at her severely tempted to smack her. "I have never hit a woman but keep your mouth shut or I will." He snarled. She clamped her mouth shut tight and curled into her husband. Remus was barely in control of his temper THEY KEPT HIS CUB IN THE CUPBOARD UNDER THE STAIRS! He yanked the cupboard open ripping the door off its hinges. Under the stairs in a small dirty baby clothes was his son. Harry's emerald eyes looked up at him. At first the boy was scared then he smiled and screamed "DADA! DADA! DADA! The boy launched himself into his arms. He hugged his son to him taking a deep breath. "Daddy's here Harry don't worry I won't leave you again." He placed his son securely on his hip and stormed out of the house leaving Petunia and Vernon cowering on the floor. When he got to the end of the street he apperated to Black Manor. He strode up the walk and Marlene was anxiously waiting for him. "Oh Remus!" She said running to him and hugging him. Harry was clinging to Remus. She stepped back and frowned