Warning: This one-shot is rated M for dark themes, situations, and adult language. Just saying. And like the title suggests, this one is a bit darker than what I've written in the past, so be prepared for it. This story peels back a layer to take a bit of glance at Lane's Fea relatives, and just how her bloodline affects her, and who she's become at this point in the story. It's a definite glimpse at the darkness she now knows she harbors. The Darker Side of Hope "Would you like to accompany me or would you rather stay here in our rooms?" I finally turned away from the open doors of the balcony and turned to face Legolas. "I think I'd rather stay here," I answered with a shrug, striving for a careless affect. But Legolas must have seen through the charade, or perhaps heard my heart rate kick up a notch at his suggestion, for he came closer, gently grasping my shoulders. "You do not have to leave our chambers if you are not yet ready," he assured me. "There are things I must attend to, but I shall be back shortly." Stepping out of his grip, I turned back to the open doors and moved to stand out in the warm breeze of the balcony. "I'm not a child who needs constant supervision," I snapped at the wind. "You can leave me alone for more than a few minutes at a time." I didn't turn to face him, but I could feel the tenseness as Legolas stood behind me. But he didn't rise to my words, refusing to take my bait. All too soon, he silently slipped from the room. Why I continued to bait him, I wasn't even sure I could articulate. I only knew that the anger that had lived within me for so long had become something else. Nearly a living thing I was too terrified to examine further. Too terrified to expose it to the light. And so I continually tried to pick fights. Tried to make him feel even a shadow of the anger churning in my very soul. Yet, despite my angry words to him, I acutely felt the emptiness and silence of the room with his departure. My breathing became shallower, but I focused on the open air and sky above the trees of the surrounding forest and tried to calm my frayed nerves and emotions. The silence was deafening, and I slowly rubbed at the ringing quiet of the dead air resounding in my ears. I hated the all too familiar silence, but the busyness of the colony was nearly as bad. It was more overwhelming. Commotion and sounds of life that were so unfamiliar to me now. When Legolas had first brought me through the forest to the colony, the elves had quickly gathered to watch me pass, but held themselves back in a strange, awed sort of reverence as they watched me walk into the colony. Hating the way they had stared at me, I had hardly left Legolas's rooms in the main building since, although more than a week had passed since my unexpected arrival. Word had quickly spread about my return, and Legolas had been flooded with couriers bearing letters from nearby lords I'd never heard of. And as time passed, letters continued their influx from the further reaches. Even Aragorn—whom Legolas had said was now Elessar—and his queen had sent a letter of well wishes and hopes that I would visit the White City. But I had no more wish to visit so large a city than I had wish to see any of the number of visitors who seemed to knock on our door almost daily asking to see me and inquiring as to how I was. I couldn't stand the thought of their pitying stares. Couldn't stand the thought that they might see through the veil to what I'd become. The one time I had tried to leave Legolas's rooms to go down to the gardens, I had been bombarded by elven voices in the hallway wishing me well, and the pitying sympathy of my elven guards trailing me. I'd barely made it a few feet down the hallway before I'd turned and fled for the safety and concealment of the rooms I now feared to leave. And yet I chafed at that concealment and confinement as well. After so long in my imprisonment, I wanted to run in the open air and feel the sun on my skin, taste the free air and smell the beautiful green garden just below our balcony. Standing once more out on the balcony, I raised my hand and turned it over as I stared at it. It was bathed in sunlight, the feeling of it familiar and warmly soothing, but feeling it here on this balcony seemed no different than remembering it from within my prison. I was just as trapped here as I was there. My hand flexed as I stared at it. It was bathed in sunlight now. But I'd seen it bathed in blood once, too. Blood coating it so thickly. Blood I'd reveled in. "Dammit, Lane, stop being such a pussy," I grumbled to myself, determined to chase those thoughts away. "You wanna go down to the gardens, then toughen the hell up and just walk down there." Ignoring the slight quavering of my muscles, I resolutely marched to the door and swung it open with a thump, stepping into the hallway. "Lane?" a surprised voice declared. I turned to see that another elven guard was stationed just outside the door, just as there had been the last time I'd tried to walk down the hallway. "Haldir?" I asked in surprise, my throat swallowing thickly. "Yes," he answered, a happy smile in his voice. As he spoke, he reached out with one hand for my shoulder. "It is so very good to see you with my own eyes and to know that you are truly returned to us." But I flattened myself against the opposite side of the doorway to avoid his hand, remembering well from my captivity how many times the visage of an old friend had dissolved into the cruel grip of one of my captors. Haldir's hand immediately stopped and dropped back to his side, that cruel look of pity flashing in his eyes for the pathetic creature I had become. And I feared staying under his scrutiny. Feared that he would look deeper and see it all. See my worst. "I am sorry," he lowly whispered. My eyes squeezed shut as I looked away. "Me too," I answered. "What has happened to you?" My eyes snapped open at his words, and I turned to stare at him. His words had been spoken lowly, almost as though to himself, and he seemed surprised that I'd heard them. But I had, and that wild feeling of fear returned. How could he expect me to tell him what happened to me? To tell him everything that they did to me? To tell him everything that I did? To tell him everything that I became ? I wildly thought, and took a shaky step back into the room, furthering myself from him. "Lane?" a lighter voice called as someone hurried down the hallway. I turned to see Andreth hurrying towards me. I could only stare at her in a surprised trance. Not moving until she was nearly to me and had opened her arms, her intentions to throw them around me obvious. But I stumbled back from her several more steps, grabbing the door as I scooted around the end of it to partially hide and protect myself. She stopped in the doorway next to Haldir, her arms dropping to her side as twin looks of horror and pity filled both of the expressions of the Lórien elves. "I'm sorry," I again croaked, and then quickly shut the door, turning to flee across the room to the safety of the open balcony. No looks of understanding horror or pity at my pathetic state met me there. And no risk of them seeing too much met me. Only solitude. But what did it matter if they pitied me? I knew well what a pathetic creature I had become. Yet, I knew pity would have been a kindness. If they saw—if they knew… I could not stand the abhorrence and revulsion that would face me. And still, their looks of pity were better than those looks of awed reverence I'd received from the rest of the colony. At least the pitying looks meant they saw that I was not the sort of creature to be revered simply because I had been reborn. Nothing about what I'd done was worthy of reverence. After several minutes had passed and I had calmed my nerves, I found I still wanted to leave the confines of Legolas's rooms. They were lovely and spacious, but as a strong woman had once said, no more than a gilded cage. One I had trapped myself in, true, but one I was determined to escape, even if only for a brief time. But I couldn't face going out into the hallway again and facing Haldir and Andreth any more today. I could feel that they both remained outside my door, talking in hushed voices I couldn't understand, but their worry and pity for me palpable nonetheless. I leaned over the railing of the balcony and stared down at the vast garden below. It was empty now, the elves of the colony busy rebuilding other parts of the forest or seeing to the many couriers that were taking meals and rest here before they returned with the letters of thanks Legolas was busy writing nearly every night. It made me almost wish for the technology of my world. How much easier it would have been if Legolas could just send a blast email or text saying "Thanks for your kind words" and be done with it. Or better yet, an automatic "Out of Office" email reply to all the well wishes so he could have stayed with me and kept me company. Much as I tried to pick fights with him, at least I didn't fear he would see the truth with only a look. I laughed bitterly to myself. He was the one being that could read my mind if I slipped and lowered my guard, but I still didn't fear him seeing everything. He'd said he wouldn't pry or ask questions, and I knew he wouldn't at least for now. I knew he didn't truly want to see. Not that. Not what had happened. He was content in his ignorance. But I continued to wish that he were there to take the edge off my loneliness, if nothing else. And the anger returned on the heels of that thought. Hadn't I just told Legolas that he didn't have to babysit me like a child? And here I was acting like a child because he couldn't keep me company like the spoiled brat I had acted. How truly pathetic I'd become. "Dammit. I need to get out of here. Just for a little while," I whispered to myself. Glancing around the balcony, I decided that just because I couldn't walk through the door into the hallway, didn't mean that I was trapped in here. The main part of the largest building where Legolas's rooms were was only three stories high, his open balcony overlooking the gardens below. Looking at the outer wall next to the balcony, I could see that crisscrossing trellis had been put up for vining flowers to grow and entwine throughout. "Bingo," I grinned. It was a little teenage-girl-sneaking-out-of-the-house-esque, but I wasn't complaining. It was my ticket out of this room without an elven guard trailing after me everywhere I went. As lonely and isolated as I felt, I still wasn't ready for the company of others. Like