Chapter 1: The Story of Who I Am There was no chance to talk as we rode across the plains. Gandalf and Shadowfax set a demanding pace, and I could only do my best to stay in the saddle and keep urging Lightfoot on. Through the night and all the next day we rode, Pippin dozing in the saddle and me struggling not to. But as the next night fell, I could see the golden roof of Meduseld coming into sight. "We shall stop to rest the night here," Gandalf proclaimed. "Shadowfax has yet more to give, but we cannot overtire either of our mounts before we reach our destination." Lightfoot was a testament to the fine breeding of Rohirric horses. He was flagging a bit compared to Shadowfax, but he'd covered the distance well. Better than I had. My body ached in places I hadn't known could ache. Even my hair seemed to ache. We both dismounted in the stables, Gandalf having to first rouse Pippin, and turned our mounts over to the eager stable boys surprisingly still awake at this hour. "I'll take your horse, sir," a young boy offered, skidding to a stop in front of me. My words came out choked as I fought a laugh and held out Lightfoot's reins. "Sure. Here ya go." The whites of his eyes enlarged as he gaped at my face, his head upturned in shock as he beheld a woman instead of a man. "'S'cuse me," he murmured, finding his voice. "I didn't realize you were a lady. Why are you dressed like a man?" The words must have slipped out because he immediately seemed horrified. I let out a snort as I walked away, tousling the boy's hair as I went. "Don't know what everyone's got against women wearing pants. Helluva lot more comfortable than all those damned skirts." Gandalf gave me an odd look as I approached him, but seemed to almost visibly shake it off. "Male children of the Rohirrim take turns staying with their horses through the night to guard them," Gandalf explained to my curious glances at the boys gathering to peer eagerly at us. I left with one lingering look at the boys now hustling about. The logistics of protecting so precious a commodity couldn't be argued with, so I pushed it from my mind. The young boys of my own world would likely have benefitted from such responsibilities instead of being allowed to waste their youths with TVs and video games. Even at so late an hour, we were greeted at the steps of Meduseld by the regal visage of Éowyn. Her summer-wheat locks glistening down her back, and her sword gleaming on her hip. The dichotomy of her image gave me pause as I mounted the stairs. So soft and fair. Yet hard and lethal at need. I could see what would be the appeal in Faramir's eye. The feminine comfort. The warrior strength. And I wondered again what Legolas saw in me. Ellith were the epitome graceful feminine beauty. Any beauty I might once have had was fading and creasing with age. And what hadn't, I'd fought and beaten down until it was hardened to more useful masculinity. I stared at my hand, now scarred and calloused. From use and abuse. Telling the story of who I was. And how I'd gotten there. They weren't the soft hands of an elleth. I doubted even so soft as Éowyn's slender appendages. Hers were soft but capable. Mine were only capable. No softness left in them. No happy balance between the two extremes. "Lady Elaina? Elaina? Lane? Lane!" As Éowyn repeated my name, I tore my gaze from examining my calloused hand and fingers. "Are you unwell?" she asked stepping closer and lightly touching my arm. I forced a reassuring smile, tearing my sluggish mind from thoughts I knew I shouldn't dwell on when I was so tired in the first. "Yeah, I'm fine. My mind wanders to strange places when I'm exhausted." Her smile was sympathetic if a little curious. "Well I can imagine. Come," she told me, gently guiding me by the arm, "I should imagine you would appreciate some of the cleaner comforts I can offer." I looked down at myself as she led me away from the main hall Gandalf and Pippin were headed down, and let out a loud guffaw at the sight of the black and red blood crusted on my clothes. "I guess that's your way of saying I'm filthy and in need of a bath." Her cheeks tinged pink. "I had only thought you might enjoy a warm bath before your rest and to have your clothes laundered before morn." "Relax," I chuckled, "I'm not mad. And I'd love a bath. But I'm not sure there'll be time to wash those clothes. I'm betting Gandalf'll wanna leave at the crack of dawn." She negated the matter with an elegant swish of her hand. "It is no matter. I shall ask one of the servants to dry the clothes over the fire," she responded. Éowyn soon led me into a spartan, but elegantly decorated set of rooms. She gestured to a tub behind a partition of screens, obviously freshly filled from the sight of the steam still rising in the cool room. "I wouldn't want to intrude on your space, my lady. If you've drawn a bath for yourself, I can find sleep elsewhere." She glanced at the tub and smiled beneficently. "Nay, 'twas drawn for your use. When the guards at the gate sent word of your arrival, I ordered it filled. 'Tis the least I can do to atone for the poor hospitality you received upon your last visit." Her guilt was genuine and palpable, even of it wasn't her fault, so I decided to take her offer if it would assuage some of her guilt. Though truthfully, I also rarely turned down a chance to get clean. I could carry on for as long as it took in my filthy clothes, but I really did prefer not to. Dropping my bag and weapons one by one by the wooden chair behind the partition, I then started peeling out of my blood-crusted clothes. One glance over my shoulder as I started removing my tunic revealed Éowyn still waiting near the opening of the partition. "I had thought to check the state of the wounds I stitched when you were brought to Edoras," she explained. Again, I shrugged. She'd obviously seen me in some state of undress to stitch me up, so I didn't hesitate to finish shimmying out of my clothes and a few of the bandages yet remaining on my arms and sliding into the warm tub. Biting back a groan of near ecstasy at the warm water enveloping my body, I held my arms out for my own inspection. The stitches Éowyn had done were neat and evenly placed. But as I looked at them, I could feel the skin around them beginning to itch. "If you have some small scissors, I think these stitches are healed well enough to come out now." She came closer and knelt beside the tub, taking my nearest arm and drawing it into her grasp to examine it. "Yes," she exclaimed, surprise coloring the word, "it would appear these stitches are ready to be removed. I should have hardly thought such wounds would have so swiftly healed." She released my arm and looked up into my face. "Are you one of the Dúnedain to have the ancient Númenórean blood in your veins?" "No," I answered with a gentle shake of my head. "But something like that I guess. Descended from another ancient line that lends a bit of speed to my healing." Although nothing like the speed of healing for my Fae ancestors. Even wounds like mine made by pure iron would not have taken so long for a fairy to heal. Of course, further internal damage done by iron would take a fairy longer to heal from than a human would. Bur flesh wounds like mine would have seemed superficial to them. My own healing was only slightly accelerated from a normal human's. But it had still mostly served me well, only failing me when I was held captive in North Korea and too badly injured and too starved to expend any energy on accelerated healing. Éowyn left briefly, carrying away my dirty clothes and returning with a small scissors to begin removing the many stitches. I'd sluiced the water and a cake of soap over myself as Éowyn worked, noticing many of my bruises were shifting to mottled colors of sickly yellows and greens, and fighting sleep as I turned my head to the side, letting her remove the stitches from my head as well. I must have dozed off for a few moments, for the next thing I was aware of was Éowyn removing the soapy washcloth from my hand and gingerly shaking me. With a smile of appreciation, I stood and accepted the sheet she held out for me to dry off with. "I am in hopes you do not mind sharing my quarters for the night, Lane. The rooming of Meduseld is stretched thin with the influx of refugees from the Westfold while many of the soldiers left in Edoras are sleeping in the Great Hall. I thought you might prefer a night of privacy from the menfolk and a soft bed, though I have but one to offer," she explained, holding a cotton shift out to me, her eyes fixed steadily on her hands. I gratefully took the sleeveless nightgown, pleased by her simple use of my nickname, and watched her downturned face as her eyes shyly avoided mine. It struck me then how truly young she seemed. Though she had been forced to mature early and embrace her place among her people, likely leading and commanding them behind the scenes more than her uncle knew in his decline, she was in fact still quite young. Perhaps sixteen or seventeen by my estimation. No doubt a woman to her people, but still with that flush of youth. "I would be honored that you'd share your quarters with me," I gently offered, pleased by the childlike light and delight in her eyes. Following her around the partition, I watched as she grabbed extra bedding out of a trunk at the foot of her bed. Seeing no cot or other bed, I stalled her movements, realizing her intentions. "We're both grown women, Éowyn. We can share the bed. No sense in you sleeping what's left of the night on hard stone." She seemed demure, but pleasantly surprised at my words. "If you have no objection to such an arrangement neither do I." She snuffed several lanterns around the room, leaving only a candle by the bed lit and climbing into the bed near the wall. As I slid in next to her, I was glad she'd taken the space near the wall, leaving me the side of the bed easiest to escape from. Not that I feared I'd need escape—some things were just seared into my Marine mind. After I'd blown out the candle, we laid in the roughly full-sized bed in silence. Éowyn was still and quiet, her breathing shallow so that I'd have thought her asleep but for the gentle buzz of her thoughts. Thankfully, most of Edoras was asleep so her thoughts did not prove too difficult to avoid. "How went the battle at the Deep?" her voice suddenly questioned in the dark. I rolled over to face her inquisitive stare. The soft moonlight spilling into her room must have highlighted the question in my expression for she clarified. "I have received word from my mother-brother of course, but 'tis just simple words saying the battle was won and listing our losses. I meant, what was it like to fight in such glory?" The awestruck hero-worship in her