Losing her virginity to legendary QB Edward Cullen had not been on her to-do list after being abandoned in a bar on a Friday night. One-shot! Edward/Bella. Just something that has been on my mind for a while. It's probably just going to remain a one-shot unless I get inspired to continue it as a full story. So, enjoy! Bella It was a Friday night and I was ready to kill Alice when I saw her next. After being at work for over six hours dealing with a class of strong willed students who believed they held enough knowledge that it exceeded my own, meaning in their eyes they didn't have to sit down and take in my educating lectures, I had been more than ready to call it a night and curl up on the sofa with a hot tea and maybe a good book. But no, Alice had somehow managed to persuade me that not only was I becoming some kind of a hermit by spending my free time in my own company, but that it was turning me into an loner. She didn't approve. I could kind of see where she was coming from, but it wasn't as if I had anyone in my life to spend that kind of time with. I didn't date. I didn't live close enough to Charlie to have a brilliant relationship with him since I had moved out at eighteen, and my mother was a lost cause completely. I had my work colleagues and Alice, but that worked for me. Couldn't she see that? It wasn't as if I was miserable, I was content and that suited me just fine. But no, even as I thought back to our phone conversation a few hours ago I still couldn't pin point the exact moment where she had managed to convince me to ditch my nightly plans of a good book and to get dressed up to have a girls night out. I would admit, while I had been dreading it I had been happy at the opportunity to spend some more time with my best friend for the past five years now. We had met when I had applied for Seattle university to do my three year English Language and Literature degree at their campus, and I had fallen in love with not only the professors but the old historical buildings as well. Alice had been my dorm roommate and we had clicked instantly. I had managed to get her to focus down on her studies in fashion merchandising, and she had helped to bring me out of my shell. We had clicked instantly. But when it came down to relationships we were as different as two people could be. She liked to give out her heart freely, to jump into relationships head first to try and find her soul-mate, while I was the complete opposite. I didn't like to get too intimate, which was probably why I was still a virgin at the age of twenty five. It sucked, I know. I knew it wasn't a common occurrence, and it wasn't as if I had never been hit on before. I had had my fair share of men approaching me, but everything just felt off. It was either I didn't like the way they were looking at me, or that they were too close, or even at one point I had practically ran from one bold male who thought it appropriate to slap me on the arse to gain my attention. I hadn't felt at all bad when in my rush I had accidently elbowed him in the neck in my rushed exit. Karmas a bitch. Pulling my bottom lip between my teeth I lightly chewed on the quickly swelling flesh as I thought back to the text Alice had sent my no more than half an hour a go. Usually she was good at being on time, but after leaving me on my own for the past hour I had expected a quicker text if she planned to cancel. So no, when she had managed to get me to make an effort in getting myself dolled up for a girls night out I had not pictured sitting stiffly on a bar stool, on my own, nursing an severely over-priced vodka and tonic. I wanted to shrivel up and die. The idea of grabbing my small clutch and making a run for it had crossed my mind many times, but that part of me who valued money just couldn't walk away from a drink which had cost more than I had ever thought I would be willing to pay for one. I was not about to leave my expensive drink after having just shelled out for the cost of it, nor was I willing to down it in one either. I was not the kind of girl who had the tolerance for it not to affect me if I polished it off in one go, and I was not willing to make the mistake of doing something I knew I would regret in the morning. I didn't have the confidence, nor the lack of shame. Huffing out a breath, I tapped my plain nails on the wooden bar as I barely managed to resist the urge not to call Alice up and order her to get her arse over here. She had sounded excited on the phone and I didn't want to be a kill joy to ruin her night, even if she had ruined mine. What I would give to be in my pj's at home right now… Sighing in defeat, I cringed as I caught a brief glimpse of my reflection as I glanced upwards. Whoever had the idea to put a mirror on the backdrop of the bar clearly didn't have those with a lack of self-confidence in mind when they designed such a thing. While I knew I wasn't ugly to look at, I was very much aware of the fact I wasn't drop dead gorgeous either. Not to mention I was not at all comfortable in the dress Alice had dropped around my house for tonight either. To say it was tight would have been an understatement. According to Alice every female had a little black cocktail dress in the back of their wardrobe for occasions such as these, but clearly she hadn't planned for the fact I wasn't like most women. I didn't pride myself in my appearance, I preferred comfort over style and nights like these…well I was more of a hermit than a night goer clearly. Ever the woman with a plan she had dropped around one of hers. As soon as I had zipped it up I immediately regretted the fact that I didn't own a decent enough dress acceptable for such an occasion. I doubted Alice had taken into account that she was very much more petite than I was, in more ways than one. I felt like a grade A slut. Instead of it coming to just above the knee it rose up to my mid-thigh, showing off a hell of a lot more skin than I was comfortable with. The last time I had been this naked, and in public, was when I went to the beach one year with Alice and her parents. Even her mother showed more flesh than I had, something Alice seemed to find great amusement in whenever it was brought up. Bitch. An even bigger downside, however, wasn't the fact my legs were bare for all to see, but the unwanted attention I was receiving around my chest area. Alice's height wasn't the only thing petite in comparison. My C-cup breasts were bursting to escape the black confines that was the top of the dress, wanting to experience the delicious taste of freedom. The girls also looked as if they were suffocating me, pushed up uncomfortably against my chest leaving me having to resist the urge to stick my hand down and shift them around, and that was not fucking happening. I know girlies , I mentally sighed. They weren't use to this type of abuse. Not to mention I thought I looked like a tramp. Alice had tried to say that it meant I had a fabulous cleavage on show that every girl would be jealous of, but as I looked around I saw that while I believed I was incredibly underdressed I was surprisingly one of the still mostly covered out of the other women. I admit, it was a relief on my part. Still chewing on my lips, I tried to ignore the few random looks I was receiving from the more creepy guys in the bar. I knew New Moon was one of the more popular places, and it was only the fact Alice was friends with the owner that I had been allowed inside in the first place, but I honestly had expected it to be a more upscale place when it came to the dress code. Apparently that was a mistake on my part, unless it was tramp night. Ugh, I did not belong here. Alice was so going to be on the receiving end of a tongue lashing the next time I saw her, and if she thought I was going to be doing this again she had another things coming. It was not an experience I had the intention to repeat, ever. So what if at times she called me boring? I liked my job. I liked my life. Sure I could expand my social skills, but at the cost of making me miserable? Fuck that! Alice was just going to have to get used to the idea that I wasn't about to roll over and take this shit anymore. I was my own woman for Christ's sakes! What was the famous saying…don't fix what isn't broken? And my life was far from broken. It wasn't until I had been accepted into a professor position on a trial basis at the same university that I had studied at, and gotten to know my students on a slightly more personal level that I realised just how good I had it. I had witnessed girls coming to me in tears because either their boyfriend had cheated on them, struck them or worse yet it was their own family members they were having difficulty with. Renee may have been a bitch who shouldn't have been allowed to raise a child when she couldn't even look after herself, but I could honestly say she had never raised her hand to me. Not once had she left a mark on my skin or physically assaulted me in any manner. It was hard to complain about your own life when you were made aware of just how good you had it. Not to mention it didn't help my reserves about dating when I witnessed my students being torn apart, humiliated or broken hearted when relationships ended badly. In fact, it only seemed to fuel my reasoning that they were simply too messy to get involved with. Nope, my life was a good at the moment. I wasn't as bold as some women, nor was I Alice. I didn't need a man in my life to be happy, not when it became clear when I was younger that I naturally shied away from the whole intimate aspect where things…touched. I shuddered. How Alice was able to have one night stands I didn't know. Being that vulnerable, that naked with someone you didn't know or trust…to me it was more than a tad disturbing. I wanted to throw up at the thought alone. What the hell was she thinking when she pressured me into coming tonight? Not only did she know I was a virgin, but if this was her idea of hooking me up then surely she must be off her rocker. She could call me a prude all she liked, I doubted