Disclaimer: I do not own the Percy Jackson characters, I just play with them. Hi! I have not written PJO in a super long time, so I apologize for any OOCness. My sister gave me this idea a few weeks ago, so this is all her fault, and it just so happens that she turned 19 a week or so ago, so this is her birthday present, yippee! Anyway, title from Control by Halsey because I am absolutely in love with her. Also, it's a bit, ah, graphic. There's your warning. Enjoy! *Not edited, so mistakes are all mine. I'm bigger than my body The castle was made of dark stone. It loomed over the dead woods across the river of fire. Rain the color of blood pattered on the hard ground. Inside, every surface was cold to the touch. It felt sterile, empty, and dead. The echo of his heavy boots traveled through the halls. He ran his hand along the cold, crumbling wall. He took a sharp right, and stood in front of a heavy wooden door. He pushed his way in, and was blinded by sudden brightness. His eyes focused. He stood in a room surrounded by mirrors, thousands staggered atop the other, each with an image of himself. He walked forward and peered into his reflection. His face began to deteriorate, slowly falling apart. Blood oozed out of every crevice; his eyes, his nose, his ears, his mouth. The skin of his cheek slipped away, exposing damaged teeth held together by roofing nails. His eyes were sunken in, and what was left of his face began to blister. His throat closed up, and he clawed at his neck, desperate for air. His chest tightened and he wanted to scream. His reflection spoke, a manic grin pulled at his lips, "You will never leave." Startled, he jerked back, and the mirrors shattered. Jagged pieces fell all around him, and the invisible hand around his throat fell away. He gagged and gasped for air and there was a sharp noise— His whole body spasmed, his eyes flew open. It was dark in Cabin Three. Grover stood above him, his trusty flute clutched in his grip, and Annabeth sat kneeled at his side, her hand carding through his hair. "Percy," Annabeth breathed, "I couldn't wake you. I—I had to get help, and Grover—" Percy glanced at his best friend who held his pipes tightly, as if wielding a weapon. He snorted, willing a nonchalant facade despite his fast beating heart. "What, did you sing me awake?" Grover grinned sheepishly. He shrugged a shoulder. "I tried. But you were still having a fit, so I just blew my pipes really hard into your ear." His smile faded. "But you should've woken up from that tune... I've never seen anyone not wake up from that tune." Percy closed his eyes briefly and inhaled deeply. "Some dream, then," he murmured. Grover and Annabeth exchanged a wary glance. Percy sat up swiftly, ignoring the pounding in his head and offered Grover his fist, which he gracefully bumped. "Thanks, man," he said softly. "I mean it," he cleared his throat, "now get some sleep." Grover gave a mock salute and padded out of the cabin. Annabeth sat on the bed next to him. She pushed his hair behind his ear. "You don't have to lie," she sighed. "You get nightmares , Percy. So do I," she reminded him. He pulled her down so she lay half on top of him. "I know," he mumbled, adding, "and I wish you didn't." She exhaled through her nose and dropped her head onto his chest. "Percy..." He ran his hands through her hair. "It's just—" he made a noise of frustration in the back of his throat. "We're not supposed to have nightmares. We're supposed to be role models , and we can't really do that when we wake up screaming every night." He huffed, "Everyone expects us to be okay, to get better ." Her thumb moved back and forth across his chest, a soothing gesture. "And we are ," she said gently. "It's a healing process. And I don't think everyone expects us to get over everything overnight." She thrummed her fingers against his chest. "Some people don't expect us to get better at all." She smiled up at him. "But we're survivors, Perce. And we'll get through this together." Percy flipped them over so he was above her. He placed his lips under her jaw. Her breath hitched, and he felt a real smile tugging at his lips. "Yeah, together sounds good." We'll get better , he promised himself. But the nightmares kept happening. Dark circles appeared under his and Annabeth's eyes and one night Annabeth woke up crying so hard she threw up. It was hard, but they went through their days acting like things were good and okay only because they had to. It was part of Annabeth's healing process; if they pretended to be well, then one day they would be. One day. I'm colder than this home At the arena, he watched Annabeth as trained the new kids. She showed them how to wield a weapon correctly, which position to grip a knife for a fatal blow. The kids were young—younger than he was when he first arrived at Camp Half Blood, which made the whole training situation a bit morbid, but as Annabeth reminded him, it was essential for their survival and new life as demigods. He liked to watch the kids' process and watch them as they gained new skills, but he mostly just liked to watch Annabeth be hot and kick ass. Percy eyed Annabeth as she herded the kids out of the arena and towards the rock climbing wall. Mentally, he wished them all luck; they would need it. He didn't notice someone was standing beside him until they sat down on the bench. Eric, a kid from the Ares Cabin, grasped a spear in his hand. He greeted Percy with a smile, and nodded toward the pit of the arena. "Wanna duel?" It probably wasn't the best idea, what with Percy's lack of sleep lately, but well. He pulled Riptide from his pocket, and grinned. "You're going down." As the two boys pulled on their armor, Percy glanced down at Eric's weapon of choice, which sat on the ground a few feet from the kid's feet. It was a spear unlike any Percy had seen before. The shaft was silver, with a bronze arrow head. "Nice weapon," he commented. The corner of Eric's mouth lifted. "Thanks. It was a gift." Percy tightened the straps of his chest piece. "Whenever you're ready, man." In no time at all, Eric charged at him and he only had seconds to lift up Riptide in a parry. Their weapons clashed as they fought, all strikes and jabs and slices. Eric was a better fighter than Percy had initially thought, and he felt stupid for underestimating him. He rolled out of the way to avoid becoming a Percy-kabab. They were a whirlwind of weapons, parrying and dodging and slashing, and they were both soaked with sweat, but Percy felt good. He felt better than he had in a long time. Until he made a mistake and slipped, and then Eric held him in a headlock and suddenly Percy was back in the dark castle and blood fell from the sky and his face was falling off, blistering and the hand was clamped around his throat again and he couldn't breathe, he couldn't breathe— A sharp pain pierced his side and then the spearhead was dug into his side—the only weak point in the armor—and Eric let go of him. Percy flopped to the ground helplessly, and he could breathe again, but he was also stabbed and the weapon was still inside of him. Eric looked down at him, horrified. "Oh gods, I-I didn't—I'm sorry, oh gods, I didn't mean to—" Percy gritted his teeth—he tasted blood in his mouth—and wrenched the spear out of his side and promptly collapsed. "Get Will," he managed, and Eric all but scrambled out of the arena. Then everything went dark. I'm meaner than my demons When Percy woke up, he was lying on his stomach in the infirmary. Other than a slight pain in his side, he felt... nothing. Anger that he had been taken down so easily. But mostly, he felt empty. A terrible heaviness sat on his chest like a stone. Will stood above him with ambrosia and Percy greedily took it from him. He would have said thank you if he wasn't so annoyed. "Gods, that kid messed you up, didn't he?" Will joked lightly. Percy glared at him. "He stabbed me in the side. Shouldn't he get some sort of penance for that?" His voice was hoarse from hours of sleep. Will gave him a look. "Eric didn't stab you in the side. He stabbed you in the back , Percy." Percy frowned. He could've sworn he'd been hit in his side—the only vulnerable part in his armor piece. "But—" Will shrugged. "At least, that's where the scar is. It's big and ugly, so you can't miss it." "And Eric's being chewed out by Chiron right now," Annabeth called from the door. Seeing his eyes open brought her great comfort and she moved through the infirmary to his side. She placed a glass of water on the table near him. "Hey, Beth," Will greeted cheerily. It made Percy more annoyed. "I'm gonna step out for a bit. You got this?" She nodded. "Thanks, Will," and he headed out. Percy groaned into his pillow. "I have the worse luck, huh?" Annabeth pulled a chair up and grabbed his hand. She was always touching him, ever since Tartarus. It was almost instinct, as if she needed to reassure herself that he was still there. "Probably, yeah. But that was the best sleep you've had in a while." Percy rolled his eyes. "How do you know that?" She smirked. "You drooled in your sleep." She wiped the corner of his mouth. "I know you haven't been doing that lately." He shifted away from her and she frowned. He wouldn't admit it was the best sleep he'd had in weeks, especially because it took him getting stabbed with a spear to achieve it. "I'm sleeping fine," he all but snarled. Annabeth stood from her chair stiffly. "Okay, Mr. Grouchy Pants. When you're not acting like a total baby, come find me." He watched as she left, but did not call out her name or apologize. He felt nothing. I'm bigger than these bones Percy's moods worsened. The terror in his nightmares heightened, to the point where he refused sleep, and Annabeth stopped coming to his cabin late in the night to calm him down. And from what he'd seen of her, she wasn't doing too well either. When he wasn't too tired and weak, he spent his days at the beach in an attempt to gain strength from the sea. Those were the only days he felt alive . Nico came to visit on one of those days. Hades' son plopped down onto the sand next to him, Mrs. O'Leary hot on his heels. She squeezed her giant head in between the two boys. In the corner of his eye, Percy saw Will sneak off back to camp. Percy grabbed a handful of sand and let it slip between his fingers. "Hate to be the one to tell you this, but your boyfriend's been stalking me." Nico flushed. "He's not as involved in your recovery as he'd like to be," he admitted. Percy snorted, and placed his hand on Mrs. O'Leary's head. "Yeah, I bet." Nico stared out at the water. "How've you been?" Percy shrugged. "Okay." It wasn't a complete lie. Some days were better than most. And in those "most" days, he'd think to himself, What is wrong with me? and a