I'm very excited about this fic - it's the longest I've ever written (will reach at least 50,000 I think) and is quite different to what I've written before. I do apologise that the first chapter is a bit dry, as I'm just trying to set the scene a little, but the next will be more interesting, and around a decade later! I hope you enjoy reading it! "The Dark Lord Harry Potter was born in the year of 1914, and is assumed to have origins in the north of Germany, where there are small communities of wizards with a range of magical cores, but we know he has a British parentage. He was orphaned around the age of one to three years, and it is often speculated that this was as a result of Grindelwald's early European movement, though in such a time of growing turmoil, there was little investigation into the deaths of his parents. As we know from several articles published in collaboration with Lord Potter, he was then passed on to distant muggle relatives back in Britain – now write this down, this is particularly important - though details of his upbringing are unclear, it is thought that he was badly abused there, which many consider to have an interesting impact on his political ideals towards muggles. "He was educated in Durmstrang, one of the darkest wizarding schools in Europe, which is where his dark core flourished; remember your research on this school and use it , as I expect this will come up in the exam – education is often a big factor in the making of political figures such as Lord Potter. However, there was no concern about his dark magic turning to extremes as it did with Grindelwald; Lord Potter was tutored privately by one of the professors who had been particularly close to Grindelwald, and who particularly regretted the turn in his ex-pupil's direction. From this education and private tutoring, Lord Potter became incredibly aware of the goings on in Europe with Grindelwald, though of course he would already be interested due to his past. Once he left school, a staunch believer in the dark arts, he began working up a following of his own. "Most scholars will agree that Lord Potter's greatest asset is his skill in rallying people, though in this instance he had particular skill in establishing the support of many strong European Dark families. These were Dark witches and wizards who were horrified by the representation of dark magic by Grindelwald. A core belief of these people was that muggles should be left well alone, but a lot of them were also very concerned by the political consequences they foresaw – Lois, please, listen to what I'm saying if you want to get at least an Average in your NEWT – the political consequences they foresaw from what would be the eventual defeat of Grindelwald. Fearing the Light taking the opportunity to increase their power in Europe once again, these Dark wizards grouped together to show a united Dark force that were also invested in protecting the magical population. "Lord Potter then became in direct association with Albus Dumbledore, creating a rare Light-Dark alliance in order to defeat Grindelwald in 1943. From this point, Lord Potter and his following often now act as a protest group in Britain and Western Europe, a strong political presence to fight for the rights of dark creatures. Those on the Light, and many moderates, now fear in this time of peace that there will be a further growth of Dark influence in politics where they believe it is not welcome, so often this group is viewed with some hostility…" Tom Riddle continued to scrawl away dutifully on his parchment, painstakingly drawing out the notes that he probably would not need. Professor Puddit truly managed to transform the simplest content into a complex web of maybes and useless speculation. Because, really, who needed to know that Lord Potter was perhaps abused as a child? Though, Tom supposed, it was his own fault for allowing the public to know such trivial information. If the Dark Lord was as idiotic as he appears to be from this lecture, then he would not be in the way of Tom's own rise to power at all. His concern had previously been how to assert his dominance over the character, as much of his own research seemed to suggest that Lord Potter was something of a force to be reckoned with, but it should only follow that somebody who was really like that wouldn't allow so many personal details to slip into the knowledge of others. Still, it was a definite that more thought would need to go into Lord Potter. He supposed it was convenient for him, that these details were of public knowledge. It never did any harm to know these things, after all. And with analysing any and all of Lord Potter's mistakes – including that, naturally, of spilling one's past to the public – he would be able to make his rise swiftly, and take magical Britain entirely by surprise. Does he dare try to convert any of Lord Potter's followers? Surely, they cannot be totally loyal to such a person; they not even being marked as his. Tom's Knights of Walpurgis, as was natural, would be marked as soon as they could establish a powerbase in Britain. His followers may be useful, having far more experience than his own, largely school-boy following, but… They may not respect Tom. And Tom would demand the highest of respect. Age was no factor; he was the deadliest force in the world at this point, he was certain. Lord Potter's followers had little major influence in Britain, however. Perhaps not worth it. While Tom had the following of the Houses of Malfoy, Nott, Black, Lord Potter largely had European families behind him. This would give him an edge. Of course, there would be no competing of policies. Lord Potter, for some reason, valued the lives of muggles and mudbloods, only going as far to say that muggles should be excluded from wizarding society. It was almost as if he didn't want to throw up at the sight of them. In addition to this, Lord Potter had not shown any inclination to political power, wishing only to put pressure on the current government. Now that was a difference. Tom dreamed of a dictatorship, only this would become a reality. A benevolent dictator, of course, only for the bettering of the wizarding people; save them from the sight of anything muggle, when they do not know how to do so themselves, increasingly showing an almost quaint fascination in the creatures. Lord Potter, for some absurd reason, appeared to trust the public. This was always the political figure's main downfall, in Tom's eyes – never , trust the public. Lord Harry Potter was met outside the grand gates of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He could not believe that in all his years working in Britain, he had not once had the opportunity to visit the famous school; astounded that he had not until now wished to come to speak here. Just from seeing the castle upon the hill, however, almost glowing in the winter sun, it was outliving any expectations Harry had had. It was magnificent. Headmaster Dippet personally escorted him to the building, excitedly and proudly talking about his school. "When I woke up the first time after finding out I was accepted for the post of Headmaster, I had never felt warmer!" the elderly man exclaimed. "And I have felt warm ever since. There's a special type of magic, built into the walls of Hogwarts, we all think, that whoever steps inside the castle feels immediately at home. We never have a shortage of Professors at the school, every student dreams of returning – I know that I always did." Harry smiled and nodded, in response, but was happy merely to listen to the jolly man, and take in every sight that was appearing to him. He could see a small gamekeeper's hut by an immense forest, a sparkling lake, a Quidditch Pitch with students clearly training. Inside the halls, their steps echoed, and the paintings were keen to peek at the visitor, to then run off again, presumably to find a use for that new piece of gossip. "They say," Headmaster Dippet continued, "that a man can walk these halls his whole life, and never discover every secret that Hogwarts has to offer. It's a very personal castle; everybody sees it the same, yet everybody will have such a different experience with it." When they arrived at the Headmaster's office, Professor Dumbledore was there, waiting to greet them. The circular room was the most fascinatingly cluttered office; every wall lined with books, and even some more piled up on the desk. There were many stone carvings on each windowsill, and on the desk, was a modest silver service tea-set. "Good morning, Albus!" Dippet exclaimed. "Lovely to see you, and I'm sure you're thrilled to see Lord Potter again. Would you please serve us all some tea?" he added with a wink. "Good morning, Professor," Harry greeted, a familiar smile on his lips. "It has been too long since we've spoken." When the man handed Harry a tea, they shook hands warmly, and Dumbledore gave a convincing smile in return. "It has indeed" he responded; civil, but minutely disgruntled by Harry's presence all the same. Probably concerned that I'm going to be shoving dark propaganda down the throats of his students , he thought to himself. Still, there are more exciting things in this castle than his own speech. "Forgive me for asking, Headmaster," he started as he turned to Dippet, a sly grin on his face. "But I've always been curious; do guests have the opportunity to try the famous Sorting Hat, on their first visit?" Dippet chuckled, and shook his head. "Usually, no, Lord Potter. Though that's perhaps because most of our visitors here were students in their younger years. But for you, as a special case, I think we can make an exception. "You are most kind," Harry thanked the headmaster, having always wanted to know where he would be placed. When the hat was put on his head, Harry was not sure exactly what to expect, but it certainly was not a voice inside of his head sounded just as confused as he felt. What time of year do we call this? It cannot be September already; I feel as if I have barely sorted the last lot! No, no, this is not a child at all, but a man! How peculiar… Well alright then, I suppose I can sort you if that's what is required… Let me see… Ah! A strange case, this one, though maybe your age has something to do with that. A very loyal, trusting mind, buried under experience, quite a Hufflepuff trait that one… but no, too stubborn for Hufflepuff. Perhaps more Gryffindor then…? But with the precise analytical mind of a Ravenclaw… Hmm, and of course some ambition in there, quite Slytherin… Oh sod it , this is far too hard for me, I can't stand sorting adults. And then aloud, it grumbled: "Gryffindor or Slytherin – find your own way there!" The headmaster chuckled again, and returned the hat to its home. "I don't think it appreciated being woken during the year; he's an old thing, probably very much enjoys his sleep. Fascinating answer, though, he is usually very certain in his decision, do you not find so, Albus?" "That does usually tend to be the case, yes" agreed the deputy. "And an interesting mix of houses, too! Gryffindor and Slytherin have always had a fierce rivalry." "That was certainly a strange experience," conceded Harry. "I am very grateful for it though. Hogwarts truly is a unique school." "Thank you, thank you, we do try!"