A/N: Hello, people! I don't own Harry Potter. I have no beta. ENJOY! CHECK ME OUT ON TUMBLR. HELLY-WATERMELONSMELLINFELLON. I FOLLOW BACK. -These are the answers for the questions shone on the W.H.A.L.E.s exam shone in Chapter 10 . Many had asked to know, so I wrote them out. These do play into the main story even if they aren't part of the main plot. These give you a better idea of the world they live in and what got the fic to the way things are in Chapter 1. So, it is relevant. -This was posted on AO3 months ago and I worried over posting this collection of Extras here, because it isn't as if I can make a Series on FFN like I can on AO3. At the same time, the readers over there are more aware of the fic universe than most of you are, so I decided to just upload these for anyone curious. -Extras include past things that have been glossed over or not mentioned in detail, that affect decisions of current time in the main fic. They would have taken unnecessary time away from the main plot, especially since some Extras are more than 2K words long, so weren't talked about much in the main plot. ~.O.~ PART ONE Magical Law (Points Available: 124 out of 1,000) RESOURCES FOR THIS SECTION: -Ministry of Magic departments -Wizengamot -MoM-Rules and Regulations -Lord Voldemort's Unforgivable List Circle the correct answer. 1. Which of these is the First Unforgivable on Lord Voldemort's List? A. Use of Love Potions is prohibited within the borders of Great Britain and Ireland, and the use of one earns a week in Azkaban. Possessing one is a fine of 1,000 Galleons. B. Anyone found to be in possession of an illegal, mix-bred creature, will be sentenced to a month in Azkaban and fined 1,000 Galleons. C. Disowning a child for not having magic is punishable by up to a lifetime in Azkaban and a fine of 5,000 Galleons. D. Death to any who use potions or spells to force themselves on another being. E. The snapping, breaking, burning, chipping, or destruction(irreparable or otherwise) of another's magical focus, which earns ten years in Azkaban and a fine of 10,000 Galleons. F. Abusing magical children in any way, which is twenty-five years in Azkaban and a fine of 5,000 Galleons. G. None of the above. SO PEOPLE ARE CURIOUS ABOUT VOLDEMORT'S LIST. VOLDEMORT'S UNFORGIVABLE LIST: 1. Use of Love Potions is prohibited within the borders of Great Britain and Ireland, and the use of one earns a week in Azkaban. Possessing one is a fine of 1,000 Galleons. 2. The snapping, breaking, burning, chipping, or destruction(irreparable or otherwise) of another's magical focus, earns ten years in Azkaban and a fine of 10,000 Galleons. 3. Death to any who use potions or spells to force themselves on another being. 4. Anyone found to be in possession of an illegal, mix-bred creature, will be sentenced to a month in Azkaban and fined 1,000 Galleons. 5. Abusing magical children in any way, which is twenty-five years in Azkaban and a fine of 5,000 Galleons. 6. Disowning a child for not having magic is punishable by up to a lifetime in Azkaban and a fine of 5,000 Galleons. 7. Planning to cause harm to a group of individuals earns ten years in Azkaban primarily. Twenty if anyone is actually injured or killed. 8. Lifetime in Azkaban for breeding creatures illegally/creating a new, cross-bred creature. 9. No one is permitted to have more than two magical foci. A year in Azkaban, or a 10,000 Galleon fine will be the punishment. 10. The abuse of one's spouse will result in either the Dementor's Kiss, Death, a lifetime sentence in Azkaban, or their Magic Bound and they'll be Obliviated and placed in the Muggle world. 11. Line Theft in any manner results in Magical Binding and a lifetime sentence to Azkaban. 12. Creating any kind of device that can locate a person and steal their magic from a distance, is a lifetime in Azkaban and the Binding of their own magic. Note: All fines go to the family's of the afflicted first, Hogwarts' Fund second. I made that list, obviously. 2. Your neighbour is concealing a stash of flying carpets, some of which he is allowing to fly loose around his back garden. Whom do you go to when reporting them? A. Wizengamot B. Department of International Magical Cooperation C. Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office D. Obliviators E. All of the Above F. None of the Above Note: As it is a carpet, it would go to the MoMAO. Wizengamot is the jury. The DoIMC deal with other countries. Obliviators deal with memories. The MoMAO is the only one that you can go to. (And canon fact, is the actual answer on the W.O.M.B.A.T. exam.) 3. In 1792, it was decided that _ would no longer take place due to the rising death toll. A. W.A.S.T.R.E. B. The Gathering of Warlocks C. Hags and Hairbrain D. W.A.S.T.E.R. E. The TriWizard Tournament F. Magicals Anonymous G. Both A and D H. Both C and E I. None of the above. Note: Canon fact. The death toll was much too high to continue. 4. There are fifty-two seats in the British Wizengamot. Two of which have been unclaimed for the past four decades. Of those fifty-two, three have been held by the same family for the past two hundred and seven years. Not to be confused with another family who has held three seats for an extended period of time also. Both families are always lead by Ladies however, instead of Lords. As this is fact, it wouldn't be surprising for one to confuse the two. Which British Wizengamot member currently holds the most seats? A. Lord Lucius Malfoy B. Lord Sirius Black? C. Lady Amelia Bones D. Lord Slytherin E. Dowager Augusta Longbottom F. Lord Arvant Blischwick G. Lord James Potter H. Lady Adelaide Greengrass I. Lady Vitra LeFay J. Lord Armando Selwyn Note: (Pure fanon for this story.) Lord Arvant Blischwick holds Blischwick, Corvinus, White, and Madis Lordships. (He is fanon made.) Also, it was a trick question. Only the last 9 words are actually the question. 5. In 1919, which Dark Lord/Lady attempted to force entrance into the British Ministry of Magic, but was unable to make it passed the Wand Check Registration Desk, and was subsequently arrested and tried hours later? A. Sisi Whitby B. John Alexander Croft C. Gellert Grindelwald D. Mundus Magnild E. Bardo Babcock F. Pap Sans Pyrus G. None of the above. Note: (Fanon for this story) Yes, I named Pap Sans Pyrus after Papyrus and Sans from Undertale. Sisi Whitby is a Dark Lady of my own making. She was a Hufflepuff, who was adept at Purrintongue, and she would summon mice and rats and implant them into her captives. She would then release her felines and had them claw her prisoners open in order to get to their food. They died in excruciating pain, while bleeding heavily. Letters B, D, and E are fake names made from off the top of my head. 6. On the Isle of Normi, in 1974, Lord Voldemort created the first and only _, and had to destroy it hours after its creation, once realising its destructive powers. He thenceforth made it illegal for any other being in the United Kingdom to do the same, and marked it as an Unforgivable action. A. Dementor/Boggart Hybrid. B. Elixir of Death C. Symbiotic Anomaly that required a host(living or otherwise) and enhanced the power of any who bonded with it, but also sucked away their life force. D. Inferius capable of using magic. E. Crystal Ball capable of homing in on a particular person and stealing their magic. Note: (Fanon for this story) My mom decided which was worse in her opinion, because she was born the year it 'happened'. So anyway, Voldemort realized just how bad an object like that was and he destroyed it hours later because he is not so foolish to believe that no one would ever possibly find it, and it was safer for it not to exist at all. What if it was used against him? You know? Isle of Normi is just a name I came up with. Though it should be noted that the crystal ball in question was created by a specific stone Voldemort had personally discovered there. Said stone is being observed by the Unspeakables. AKA, the stone No-Name used in his poison that sucks up magic. 7. Who was the Magical who held the seat of British Minister for Magic the longest and also passed the Law of Mixed-Mingling? A. Millicent Bagnold-10 years B. Ulick Gamp-11 years C. Basil Flack-1 year D. Artemisia Lufkin-13 years E. Wilhelmina Tuft-11 years F. Unctuous Osbert-9 years Note: (Half of this is fanon. The names are all real Ministers from HP though.) I don't know if she held the longest out of all the Ministers in canon, but pretend that in mine, Artemisia lasted 13 years and was the longest. The Law of Mixed-Mingling is fanon, created by me. It was what allowed Werewolves and Vampires to cohabit with humans, under certain restrictions. Artemisia was a Hufflepuff, first female Minister, and was elected at least twice. She succeeded Unctuous Osbert. (canon facts) 8. In the event of an emergency, who holds primary control over the Department of Magical Law Enforcement? A. The Head Auror B. The Minister for Magic C. Lord Voldemort D. All of the above E. None of the above Note: (Fanon for this story.) Voldemort always holds control no matter what. 9. Your friend confides in you that they have been harbouring a fugitive within their home. The fugitive hasn't actually been convicted of a crime as of yet, but they are wanted for questioning. What action should you take in regards to this predicament? A. Immediately inform the Head of the Auror Office. B. Keep your friend's secret. C. Stay out of your friend's business. D. Send the Daily Prophet a letter concerning the situation, but make sure that it can't be traced back to you. E. Offer to help them. F. Trick your friend into confessing on their own. G. None of the above. Note: (Fanon for this story) As Voldemort is a Slytherin, he is of the sort to appreciate cunning actions. He wants it to be told, but not in a flashy way. And being able to report someone without anything leading back to you would be much more impressive than telling the Aurors. 10. If you were to go and register a XXX creature, which Department would you need to visit first? A. The Department for the Regulation and Care of Magical Creatures. B. The Department of Magical Registration. C. The Department of Creature Welfare. D. None. You cannot register a XXX creature because they are not allowed to be pets. E. None of the above. Note: (Fanon for this story, sort of) I know that XXXX creatures cannot be domesticated. I'm assuming under proper watch, XXX can be, so the answer is C. EXTRA CREDIT Write an informative essay for each question. (Points Available: 50) 1. In great detail, explain Lord Voldemort's takeover from the beginning of the war, to the end, and beyond. Highlight all key points. In 1962, Lord Voldemort began to gather his followers from the four corners of the United Kingdom and Ireland. He started his march in Wales, then traveled to Ireland, Scotland, and England, finishing in his home country. In Wales he made contact with the only Welsh Werewolf pack, and earned the trust of Mark, the Alpha of the pack. He then spent a fortnight in the presence of a small coven of Vampires that had connections on the continent. He allied himself to their leader, and managed to open a communication channel to several covens on the