December 2009, Ravenscroft Manor, Kent. The Fellowship of 1986 is to reunite at Weathertop with Gandalf. The spared orcs have been quietly suppressing the Hobbits, and the Númenóreans have ignored it. There must be a second Fellowship. Snorting in amusement as he read the note, Harry glanced at his puzzled squad mates, arrayed around the room. Had it not been that if he hadn't accepted the post and promotion with it, he would still have been a colonel and quite happy to get involved in a good firefight. As it was, he was a brevet brigadier and the Director of Special Forces, although he had another brigadier handling the paperwork, the public side of things and being Harry's yes-man. "It's a note from Hermione. People who attended Hogwarts around the same time are meeting at Hogwarts with Dumbledore. The purists who were not at Little Hangleton have been, once again, oppressing the first-born magicals. She reckons we need to make a concerted effort against this." Harry explained. "Couched in Tolkienesque rubbish to confuse and delay cracking if intercepted by anyone who might have an interest in us." "So, what shall we do?" asked Nicholas Zacarias, a Staff Sergeant of Filipino birth. "Do? We'll do nothing as yet." Harry frowned sharply; "The first thing I'll do is meet with Hermione and work out a date for the meeting, I'll undoubtedly try to be there, or bug the meeting to get an idea of the lay of the land. Don't forget I have only attended one wedding, a murder and a funeral in the magical world since I left Hogwarts." "What can we do to prepare?" asked Amy, his Special Reconnaissance Regiment officer, and the one of them least susceptible to jumping the gun or suffering from blood lust. "If it comes to conflict." "The bomb and the shell is the best way of dealing with such a situation. The purists are much beloved of their great homes, which make fair targets." Harry said thoughtfully, ignoring the irony that he was sat behind the thick walls of his own great manor, once a castle of great power; "Though ambush tactics work well enough if you can lure an enemy into a crossfire at sufficient range to render the wand a useless weapon. Thoughts for another time, I don't want another bloody war. Sirius should be of some use if I can drag him out of whichever nudist utopia he's living in." "Amsterdam." Jock interrupted. "Lovely." Harry muttered, turning to a couple of boardgames of some great age, one of chess and one of tafl. The moves were irrelevant and he rarely played, but they were symbolic objects, reminders that there was always a game to be played. And it wasn't of ivory and ebony upon a wooden board, but of flesh and fire. December 2009, Hogwarts Castle, Scotland. " Radio check, radio check, over. " came the whispered words over the headset Harry was listening to, concealed in one of the many secret places he knew of in the castle. "Five by five, crystal clear Hermione. I have visual from the locket camera." he replied, glancing at a small screen velcroed to his left wrist. " I'll be going silent soon. We're about to meet in the Great Hall, with students on holiday, Dumbledore's cleared it for our meeting with him. " Hermione informed him. "Good." Harry stated, not informing Hermione that he even knew a secret way into the rafters of the hall. A few floors away, descending gracefully from his office, stepping off the revolving staircase and passing the saluting gargoyle, the headmaster, Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore adjusted his black-and-white checked robes. He didn't usually go for something quite so dull, but as he was moving the pieces into position on his board, he felt it ironic. It hadn't been hard to work out why the most influential students of their generation wished to meet with him, after all, he was quietly allowing the purists to further their agenda, mere pawns to flush out a powerful and unpredictable queen which lay somewhere beyond the confines of his board. Harry Potter. He tapped into the orb set in the Headmaster's throne, an seeing stone of ancient make. Already assembled were those who had called this meeting. Hermione Granger, who, if his suspicions were right, was at least still an acquaintance if not working for the queen in question and therefore a valuable piece in herself. Then there was Lady Regent Daphne Greengrass, Lady Regent Astoria Malfoy, the fifteen-year old twin sons of the latter. Ronald Weasley, a successful Quidditch Manager and journalist, Katie Bell, an influential philanthropist and captain of the Holyhead Harpies. Frederick and George Weasley of Weasley's Wizard Wheezes, successful inventors and businessmen, their wives, also Harpies, Angelina and Alicia Weasley, and the wife of Ron, Lavender Weasley, a fashion designer and wealthy in her own right. Lord Neville Longbottom, philanthropist, nobleman, politician, gardening journalist and occasional herbology lecturer, and his wife Hannah. Lady Susan Bones, Auror First Class. Justin Finch-Fletchley, politician and lawyer. Anthony Goldstein, investment banker. Ernest Macmillan, political commentator. Colin Creevey, photographer and journalist. Ginevra Weasley, another player of Quidditch. Luna Lovegood, employee of the Ministry of Magic's Beings Division and possible Unspeakable. As Dumbledore entered, he was pleased to note that they rose from seating around a table to allow him to join him, giving him all due respect of a wizard of his stature. Though the table was round, which meant it had no head. And apart from one for himself, there was another empty seat. "Good morning to all of you, it is indeed a rare pleasure to have so many former students return to our beloved Hogwarts after their time as students in these halls." Dumbledore greeted them. "Headmaster, thank you." the batting opened from an unexpected direction with the cold, sharp and crystal clear tones of Daphne Greengrass, the Regent Head of her family; "I believe you have some idea of why we're here." That caught him off balance. Being left with the conversation in his corner, Dumbledore either had to plead ignorance and lose some of his power with the sacrifice of his omniscient aura, or admit that he knew what the problem was. "I carefully studied the situation since I received your request Lady Greengrass." he replied graciously; "I have heard disturbing rumours about increases in taxes on the homes and businesses of the muggleborn, the tightening of laws to preserve the traditional ways of the magical community." "Indeed." Dumbledore felt caught in a narrow-eyed gaze; "I had feared Headmaster, that as your concentration with your school increased, that your attention to the politics necessitated by your positions outwith these hallowed halls had waned." that was a painful barb. She was inferring that either he was neglecting his positions, or neglecting Hogwarts. "A student once told me, that no matter what I do in the great chamber of the Wizengamot to change laws, to change minds, it could all be done twenty, thirty years earlier in this very castle." Dumbledore stated, remembering a very sharp comment made by his queen one day. "That, if not every, then a goodly number of mistakes made in adult years stems in one fashion or another from other's mistakes in younger years." "Nonetheless, some of these mistakes rest with not merely the mistaken, but those who nurtured them." Daphne countered; "I see with no little sadness that peers of twenty years ago are now opponents." "Ever will rivalry grip at humans, striving to make themselves more powerful, richer, more prominent, than another human. It is part of the human condition." explained Dumbledore, despite hearing no sadness in his sparring partner's voice, only a hint of mild contempt, and was that... excitement ? "Professor Dumbledore. What holdings I have in the magical world would be subject to these restrictions, and become a financial burden on me." Hermione Granger took over the grilling; "My actions would be a swift liquidation of assets into gold currency and from there into non-magical money. However, if a hundred or a thousand of my ilk, muggleborns, were to do the same, flooding the magical market with cheap property and draining gold reserves from Gringotts, what do you think would happen?" "I believe the phrase is, Miss Hermione, financial upheaval. All sorts of crisis can occur from such an event." Ernie Macmillan offered. "Not to mention the loss of workers in the form of the muggleborn, for they take many jobs that the aristocracy would not touch. A glut of workers, the collapse of much business and trade..." "There comes a point, Headmaster, when the preservation of magical traditions, a worthy cause, can come to the point that we are slowly dragging a blade across our own throats, as is happening now." Daphne Greengrass returned to leading the discussion. "Then why not stand against it?" asked Dumbledore, though knowing fully why. "Between us, we cannot muster the political power. Seated at this table there are, excluding yourself, the Wizengamot members, myself, my sister, Lord Longbottom and Lady Bones." Daphne riposted; "Nor do we have the power to unite the factions in the wizarding world, many of whom will disagree on the weather simply to spite one-another. However, we know how the Blood War began. The Dark Lord's men in politics slowly crushed the muggleborn, sapped trade, sapped money from the ministry, and then struck." "We have no dark lord." Dumbledore pointed out; "Whatever remained of him arrived at Hogwarts on the night of the last task of the Triwizard Tournament, along with many of his marked, and Peter Pettigrew. Each dead, Pettigrew suffering the blood eagle and impalement, with Voldemort flayed alive and impaled." "Pettigrew was a traitor and crossed the Potters." Katie Bell interrupted; "Voldemort, and yes, I can say his name for he is twenty years slain, was a murderer. A just vengeance and justice was exacted that night." "I feel then you look to the wrong one to bring about this unity you wish, Lady Greengrass, for what would you have me do?" the aged, slightly frail look appeared on Dumbledore. The elder of the twin sons of Astoria Greengrass shot to his feet. "We would have you speak with us. Not for us, but alongside us." he challenged across the table, a very familiar tone ringing about the hall. Dumbledore scrutinised the young man very carefully. Dark brown hair, almost black, brushed somewhat flat, though it still retained a roguish waviness. Piercing green eyes that blazed with challenge at him... the old wizard snapped to his younger brother and found such similarities. He began to put a few thoughts together. Draco Malfoy, married Astoria Malfoy and got her pregnant on their wedding night. He drunkenly stumbled out of the manor on that Winter Solstice, having drunk such great quantities of an American distilled grain spirit that he had alcohol poisoning such as rendered his liver unusable. The alcohol lowered his body temperature until he suffered multiple organ failure, yet somehow still lived long enough to come back in, fall down the stairs into the ballroom, breaking his neck on the edge of a great punch-fountain and toppling into it, drowning in the process. And of all the guests, who would have happily killed the groom and bedded the bride? "I fear Lord Adrian, that my assistance is of little use, for now, though I retain posts and titles of courtesy, my bones are weary and my voice no longer commands wizards as once it did. My deeds grow faint of memory and my adversaries no longer command fear when their names are uttered." Dumbledore slowly shook his head, deliberately changing his posture to shrink into his chair. "Nonetheless you still command respect among any who have learnt from you." Adrian Malfoy countered evenly; "Do not think less of yourself as the years progressed. Fading memory does not make actions better or worse." Dumbledore made a