Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight, Blake Shelton owns Austin. But this story... it's all mine. MERRY CHRISTMAS from Canada. This story is slightly unbetaed, cause it's a gift for my amazing beta, my soul writer and most importantly, my friend. CullenSweetheart (aka Shannon), thank you for all the support you have given to me over the last several months, you are an amazing friend, and I don't know what I would do without you. I know you've already read another version of this, and I said that I was going to use it as a contest entry, but I wanted it to be a Christmas gift to you. To all my readers, this story is slightly based on the song Austin by Blake Shelton. I hope you enjoy! My Edward, I wanted you to know that I would never take this decision lightly. The truth is, I love you more than life itself, but I just can't do this anymore. I love the passion we share, in and out of the bedroom, but sometimes, Baby, you just take things way too far. I know you love me Edward. It's in everything you do and say. But, there is absolutely no need to constantly act like, for lack of a better term, a possessive asshole. At the bar last night, that guy simply tipped his hat at a lady when I walked by. I was coming back from the bathroom and he was blocking the hallway. I said, "Excuse me" and he tipped his hat at me then stepped to the side. Didn't even say a word. The next thing I knew you had him on the fucking ground. Really Edward? Was that necessary? For God's sake, it's not like he felt me up. And then when we got home you got mad at me for being upset about it? It broke my heart when you accused me of flirting with him. When Edward? When did I ever give you a reason to doubt me? In the two years we've been together have I ever made you think I would cheat on you? Fuck, look at you! I'd be a fool to cheat on you. Every time we go out, at LEAST five girls make a pass at you. You come home with numbers stuffed in your pockets for God's sake! Some of them do it right in front of me! Do I beat the shit out of each of them? No. I don't because I know who you're going home with. I know who you love and I fucking know whose thighs your head is between every night. Don't you know the same thing? And before you think it, no, I'm not rushing into this decision. I have been thinking about it for months now. The possessive streak you have is fine sometimes, but lately it's off the charts and I have no clue why. What are you afraid of Edward? That you're going to lose me? Don't you see that this is the very reason I AM leaving? My heart is shattered, that I can promise you. I've never loved anyone like I love you Edward Anthony Cullen, and I doubt I ever will again. Please respect me enough to leave me alone for a while. I'm not going to tell you where I'm going because I know you. I know how you are and you would just come find me and try to drag me back here. Things would stay the same and I'd be miserable. I need some time and no, I don't know how long, but I know that I need to sort thru all of this on my own. You distract me and I can't afford that right now. Thank you for an amazing two years Edward. I need you to promise me that you'll try to move on. You have so much to offer the right woman. I had hoped that it was me but I'm afraid it isn't. That thought alone makes me want to die. Whatever you do though, please don't make the same mistake again. If you love her, you need to trust her. When another man looks at her, hold your head higher because she belongs to you. Don't fly off the handle. Take care of yourself, please? I'll always love you Edward. Always. Love, Bella For what was probably the millionth time, I read the letter that my Bella had left on our bed a year ago. She left me and the life we had built and took my heart with her. It had been a year since I had been able to look into her chocolate brown eyes or touched her soft skin. It had been almost a year since my Mamma gave me a kick in the pants, she and my family where there for me when I needed them, but were they ever pissed when Bella left. It didn't me long to realize that she didn't leave. I pushed her away. She gave me no reason to ever think that she would do anything but stay devoted to me, to our relationship. But back then, I saw every man that even glanced at her as a threat. She didn't understand just how beautiful she was, but I was the stupid one, I was the one that played the part of the jealous, hot headed, possessive boyfriend perfectly. All because I was scared that one day, she would notice them, noticing her and just up and leave. I was stupid and stubborn and didn't listen to her when she tried to tell me and it caused me to lose the only girl I would ever love. The night she left, we had gone to Sooners in Ardmore with Jasper and Alice. The girls had gone to the bathroom, and I decided I should probably do the same thing. Heading down the hallway towards the back of the bar, I saw red. My girl was smiling up at some guy in a white cowboy hat. Before I could stop myself, I had the guy pinned to the floor with my forearm. I grinned at little at the fact that he was having trouble breathing. Served him right for hitting on my girl. Bella and Alice were screaming at me to let him up, but before I did, I let the guy know, in no uncertain terms, that if he ever even thought of looking at my girl again, I would have his dick as a hood ornament on my Chevy. Bella had tears and disappointment in her eyes as she asked Alice and Jasper to drive her home. Which my beer goggled mind had me thinking that maybe it was because she was guilty, that maybe she was flirting with that asshole. So being the rocket scientist I was that night, I had a few more beer and headed home. I sealed my fate that night, accusing her of flirting, even went as low as accusing her of cheating on me. Those were my last words to her before I passed out on the couch. When I woke up, mid afternoon the next day, my first thought other than the pounding hangover, was anger at Bella for letting me sleep half the day away. When she didn't respond to me shouting for her, I looked out the front window and noticed that her car wasn't there. I thought she had gone to Alice's. But when I went into the shower to clean up, I noticed that the room was very bare. All of Bella's stuff was missing. I started to panic. I went into our room. The bed looked untouched, but Bella's dresser didn't. All of the knickknacks and pictures she liked to have were gone; the drawers were wide open and empty. The only thing left was her cell phone and one framed picture, a picture that had been taken of us at Jasper and Alice's wedding the year before. I picked it up and sank down on the bed. That's when I noticed the letter. I hate how I reacted. I trashed our bedroom. Breaking everything I could touch, except for that framed picture, then stormed out of the house. I went over to Jasper's, sure that Bella would be there. Alice told me, in no uncertain terms, that if I wanted to speak to anyone, I would have to calm down. So being the gracious guy that I was, I told her to fuck off. Jasper didn't take kindly to that, and told me that I needed to leave. "Whoa, you know that I put up with a lot of your shit. But you will NOT come into my home and disrespect my wife. You need to leave before I put my fist through your face." I left without another word, and ended up at my parents place. My younger brother Emmett, who, at the time, was still living at home, was the only one there. I vented to him about Bella leaving. I was not kind. Every other word out of my mouth was bitch and fuck. "So, where's she now? You gonna go find her and drag her back?" He asked, a smirk on his face. "I don't fuckin' know. I tried to talk to Alice, but she and Jasper kicked me out." "What the fuck did you say to them to have 'em kick you out?" "Well, when Alice wouldn't talk to me, I told her to go fuck herself." Emmett's eyes went wide. "What the hell, Edward? When the hell did you turn into such a fuckin' ass hole?" He asked, sounding like he was getting pissed off at me too. "When my fuckin' girlfriend started flirting with other men, and then leaving in the middle of the night like a fuckin' bitchy coward." "EDWARD ANTHONY CULLEN!" I heard my Momma bellow from behind me. "When did you lose all the good sense and manners that I drilled into that male brain of yours?" I winced and turned to face my Momma as Emmett slowly crept from the room. You would never know to look at her that Esme Cullen was me and Emmett's mother. She was a tiny thing, no taller than 5 feet. With long, caramel colored hair and pretty green eyes. Emmett and I both towered over her. Me at 6'3" and Em at 6'5". "What are you doin' disrespecting your girl like that for?" She asked, her voice demanding the truth. "She left Momma. Just packed up while I was passed out last night and left, didn't tell me where she was goin', didn't even take her cell phone with her. Just left me a note basically tellin' me to go to hell." Momma just shook her head. "I have a feelin' that this letter said a lot more than you're lettin' on. I'm also thinkin' that she finally had enough of your thick, stubborn, jealous and possessive attitude and told ya so in that letter. Am I right?" "Momma! I'm your son, aren't you supposed to take my side?" She just shook her head at me. "Edward, I'm gonna tell you something, and you'd better listen good. You drove that girl away. She was the best dam thing that EVER happened to ya, and all you did was push and push and push. I saw how you reacted when another man even glanced at her. Did she EVER give you a reason to let you think that she was gonna cheat on you? Did she ever do anything to cause you to think that she would disrespect you like that?" "Of course not." "So then why in all that is holy would you treat her like she was your possession? Like she was just something to hang off your arm? Don't you love her?" "Of course I love her, Momma. She's my life." "Well, when ya love someone as much as you say you love Bella. You