**Stephenie Meyer owns all of Twilight. I just use it to play with her characters** This is a repost of my first multi-chap story "Good Things Happen". When I first posted the original, I was new to FFN, I didn't know anyone, and I didn't have a beta. So the story was full of grammatical errors, spelling mistakes and missing words. But thanks for my amazing friend (and collab partner) turned beta Shannon (aka CullenSweetheart) GTH has been edited. I am also going to credit the title change to Shannon as well! My imagination for plot lines and character development are pretty good, but titles evade me. Shannon came up with the titles for each of our collab stories (I always Do and Weight for me) so she helped me figure something out for this one too! Thank you bb! I love you like you were my own sister! Meeting you was one of the best things to happen – you've turned into one of my closest and dearest friends and I don't know what I would do without you! ~1~ "Angela, I LOVE you." I sighed as I took a long sip of my caramel macchiato (with extra caramel) "You are the only person in this place that actually gets this thing right!" "You know it Bells!" She said laughing at me as I sighed again. "So what time are you here till today? Closing again?" I asked leaning on the counter while she worked on her next order. "Yup, Ben and I are going to head over to Shanks to watch the hockey game with Emmett after, if you want to come too? It's starts at 9, but Em is supposed to be there at 8 to get a table. Em said his cousin is in town, so he is bringing him along too. Should be fun." "I just might do that, the only time I see Em any more is in class and this term he's only in one of them." Angela, Emmett and I were all in our last year of University, working towards our Bachelors in Education. We tried to get together every couple of weeks outside of school, but our last term had been kicking our asses hard, so it was getting more difficult to get the time to actually get together. "I am going to see if Ali can make it too. It's been forever since you saw her and I think the last time we saw each other outside of the apartment was before the term started." I said pulling my cell phone out of my pocket "Oh that's great idea. It could be like old times." Angela said with a grin. "Old times… yeah" I snorted a laugh. Old times meant lots of alcohol and lots of stupid shit. "Hey Ali. Going to Shanks with the gang. You in? ~B" I chatted to Ang for a few more minutes and then decided that I should get back to the apartment I shared with Alice and get ready. Shanks was just a sports bar, but I felt the need to at least change my clothes and do something with the rat's nest on my head. I felt my cell vibrate with an answer from Alice and turned to head home. "I'm in. Be home in 20 to help you get ready…won't take no for an answer. ~A" I groaned knowing exactly what that meant. I wouldn't be leaving the fucking place without some tight ass skirt and heels. FUCK, Alice and her damned fashionista fucking life. I loved the girl, but I would much rather my jeans and chucks over her Louboutin's any day. I pulled the door of the coffee shop open and walked into a wall. Thank God I was almost done my drink, cause I landed on my ass, and my drink went flying. I looked up and the wall was actually a really tall, really toned, really HOT guy. "I am so sorry, " He said holding out his hand to help me up off the floor. "I wasn't looking where I was going, are you hurt?" "N..no, I'm okay, and it was probably my fault anyway. Coordination isn't exactly my strong suit." I said gripping his hand. I felt a jolt or spark as his hand wrapped around mine and he pulled me up. I stumbled a bit and landed against his hard chest. I stepped back and looked up at him. He was at least 9 inches taller than my 5 foot 4, and was wearing a Calgary Flames cap and dark sunglasses. He had a great mouth and a sharp jaw with just a hint of stubble. "Thank you for helping my clumsy ass up. I appreciate it." "Oh no problem; glad to be of service." He chuckled and I was blessed with an amazing smile. Then to my surprise, he squeezed the hand that he was still holding. "Um, anyway, I was just heading home. Thanks again." I said with a blush and started to pull away. "Wait! Uh, what's your name?" He asked as he rubbed his thumb across the back of my hand. All I could think about was his thumb on my hand and wow, did that ever feel good. "Um…B..bella. My name's Bella." I said looking from my hand up to him. "Well Bella, my name is Edward and it has been a pleasure knocking you on to the floor so that I could help you up." He said with a wide smile. I giggled (Yes, that's right I fucking giggled) at him before I slipped my hand out of his. "It was nice meeting you Edward. I, um, I have to get home. Maybe I'll run into you again sometime." I said as I turned away. "Angie… I'll see you tonight." I waved at her, smiled up at Edward as I left the coffee shop. I was about half way home when my cell chirped with a message. "Hey… hottie that knocked you down wants your number. ~Ang" I felt a huge grin spread across my face. "Holy shit … How'd he ask?" ~B" "Said you ran out so fast that he barely had time to get your name, asked me to ask you if it was ok ~Ang" "YES… give it to him! ~B" "Will do hun. See you later. ~Ang" I squealed like a little girl as I let myself into my apartment. I could hear Alice in my room already rummaging in my closet. "Woman what are you doing?" I asked as I flopped down on my bed. "TRYING to find you something decent to wear. When was the last time you went shopping for something other than nourishment?" Alice asked tossing a top on the chair beside the closet. "Ugh, Ali, you know I hate shopping. And besides, we 're just going to watch a hockey game, I'm going to wear my new skinny jeans and my jersey." "No, no, no. I have a feeling about tonight. You need to do something better than that! You're going to meet someone special tonight" "Oh jeez Ali, a feeling? A feeling of yours is not going to make me dress any differently than I normally would. And even if I do meet someone special, I would much rather be comfortable in something I normally wear than some get-up that I will probably never put on again just to impress someone." I said with a long sigh. "Ugh, oh FINE. " She grumbled "But at least let me do your hair!" "Fine" I had a quick shower and got dressed. Alice pounced as soon as I emerged from my bedroom with mousse, a curling iron and a couple other torture devices. I sat down in the chair in her room and felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. "Hey pretty girl, your friend gave me your number. Hope that's okay. ~Edward" I giggled like a little girl again. "What's up with that giggle, chickey" Alice asked as she wrapped some of my hair around the curling iron. "OH! I didn't tell you what happened! I bumped into this guy at Grounds when I went to chat with Angie. Like LITERALLY bumped into him. We introduced ourselves, but no numbers were exchanged. He saw me say bye to Ang and asked her for my number." I said giggling again. "And she just gave it to him?" Alice asked with a raised eyebrow. "Oh no! No, she sent me a text first and said he told her to ask me if it was okay if she gave him my number. That was just him texting me." I sighed. "Oh Ali, this guy is HOT. Tall and lean. Nice smile. Didn't see his whole face though. He had a hat and sunglasses on. But what I saw was SO HOT." "Ohhh, you should invite him to the bar! Maybe HE is the reason I felt the need to make you pretty!" "I don't know Ali. Em is going to be there with his cousin, and you know how Em gets when any of us bring fresh meat to visit in his presence! I won't subject this guy to that just yet. Em will only scare him away." I said with a grimace. "Oh good point." She laughed. "Are you going to reply to him? You're off tomorrow, set up a coffee or something." "Good idea" I nodded and looked back down at my phone. "Hey yourself. Does a coffee work for you tomorrow? I promise not to fall on my ass again. ~Bella" "I'm working tomorrow at 8, but should be off around 6. How does 7ish tomorrow night sound? Same place? ~E" "Works for me. I'll see you then. ~B" "Excellent, see you then pretty girl. ~ E" I sighed. "Oh my God Ali, coffee tomorrow at 7. He's gotta work till 6." "Aww damn. I'm working till 8. I won't be able to help you get ready!" She said with a pout. "That's okay Ali. I think I can manage. After all, he did meet me in all my after class glory today. You know, jeans, hoodie, chucks and messy ponytail. I think what ever I do tomorrow will be an upgrade." I said cringing as I remembered what I was actually wearing at the coffee shop. Alice finished my hair and we left to meet Em and his cousin at the bar. It only took 5 minutes to get to Shanks. We walked into the large sports bar and started looking around for Em. I spotted him sitting in the back near the pool tables with another guy. "He's over there Ali." I said pointing towards the back of the bar. Em spotted us as we were making out way across the bar and waved his arms to get out attention. "B! Tink! Long time no see!" He said getting up and engulfing us in a bear hug. "Ugh, Em…can't breath!" I said laughing. "Oops, sorry Little B. Oh, girls, This is my cuz, Edward. Ed man, these are my homegirls, Bella and Alice." He turned fully in his seat and I was floored. It was my coffee guy! "Alice, nice to meet you," He said shaking her hand and then turned to me, "Bella, nice to see you again. Although, I am glad that I don't have to wait till tomorrow now." He said taking my hand and holding it a bit longer than a normal greeting, "Wait, you know B?" Emmett asked looking between the two of us. "Em, this is the girl that I knocked over at the coffee shop this afternoon." "Dude. That is too funny. Bell, how's your ass? What's that? Like the 5th time this week that you've fallen on it?" Emmett asked with a snort. "Oh ha ha Emmett." I said slapping him as I felt the blush creeping onto my face. "Sorry, Bella. My cousin here has no filter." Edward