I do not own Twilight – that all belongs to Stephenie Meyer. A/N Hi all. Here is the first chapter of my new story, I always Do. I am writing in collaboration with my new found friend CullenSweetheart. She will be giving us Edward's POV and I will be bringing you Bella's POV Many thanks to our fantastic banner maker, Marie Carro ! Without Further adieu – here is Bella! Enjoy! Chapter 1 – BPOV "Bella!" Alice squealed as she burst into Edward's childhood bedroom where I had stayed by myself last night. "Time to get up, you're getting married today!" I felt the smile spread across my face and my heart started to beat almost uncontrollably, today I was going to become Mrs. Edward Cullen. It felt like I had been waiting for this day for as long as I could remember. I sat up and met Alice's eyes across the room. She noticed the goofy grin on my face and squealed again. I could feel my smile get impossibly bigger and before I knew it, I was jumping up and down beside her. "Oh Bella, you're going to be my sister today, not that you weren't the sister of my heart before, but now you're really going to be my sister!" Esme knocked lightly on the door and stuck her head in. "Now that you ladies are done carrying on, how about you get ready to head to the spa for hair and make up? We have to leave in 20 minutes." Alice hugged me one more time before shoving me into the bathroom. "Have a shower, I'll pick out some clothes that will be easy to get off over your hair." As I showered, I thought back over the last few years of my life. When I met Edward I was at a very vulnerable spot in my life. The ink wasn't even dry on my divorce from Jacob. I was wary of anyone who wanted to pursue me romantically. Always wondering if I would get hurt and ignored again. By the time he and I met, I already knew his family. I met Alice first, we were roommates our last two years of college. She bounded into my life and never left. She became my best friend almost immediately. She was and still is, one of the most loyal, loving and honest people I have ever met. She was there for me when Jacob and I first split up; she supported me when we decided to give it another go. She was my maid of honor when I married him and she was by side when I signed the divorce papers. She met the man that is now her fiancé that day as well. Jasper Whitlock was my divorce attorney and asked Alice out for coffee as he was escorting us out of his office. I briefly stayed with Alice's parents; Carlisle and Esme, while I tried to piece my life back together. Esme quickly became the mother I'd never had. I knew the moment she engulfed me in a hug where Alice inherited her fierce loyalty. Alice's older brother Emmett was over all the time. His wife Rosalie could not cook, so he was always mooching free meals off of his mother. Emmett and Rosalie became as close to me as Alice. Emmett even threatened to find Jacob and kick his ass for me. I declined. I didn't want my new big brother going to jail over something stupid. Rosalie was torn, she didn't want her husband in jail either, but really wanted to see Jacob get his ass kicked too. The half a year that followed my divorce was quiet and sedate. Alice and Esme helped me find a small apartment that I could afford, I worked as an editor's assistant for Eclipse publishing and I lived my life. I met Edward when he was in Seattle scouting out apartments for his move home. He had been in Chicago for a few years finishing up his medical school residency and had gotten a job at Harborview in the ER. Alice was so excited to have her other big brother home and she felt the need to show him so in true Alice fashion, she threw him a party. The party was being held at the Cullen's house because it was big enough to hold everyone Alice wanted to invite. Esme asked if I would come over early in the afternoon to help her prepare the food. I was standing in the pantry looking for the full bag of sugar that was supposed to be there when I heard the smoothest voice greet Esme in the kitchen. "There's my amazing and beautiful mother." "Not even home for a day and already sucking up, what would you like Edward?" "Hey, am I not allowed to compliment my mother without expecting something in return?" "You are allowed. But I have yet to see you do it. So, again, what would you like Edward Anthony?" I barked out a laugh when she used him middle name and then immediately covered my mouth and blushed even though no one could see me and then re-entered the kitchen. Esme had a huge grin on her face and Edward looked shocked that his mother wasn't alone. "Edward, this is Bella. I know Alice has mentioned her to you. Bella, this is Edward, the guest of honor for tonight." "Nice to meet you Edward." I said with a smile and a blush. I had seen pictures of him before, but they did not do him justice. He stood at least a foot taller than me and was lean. His green eyes sparkled as he smiled down at me. His hair was almost the same shade as Esme's but with a touch more red making it look like the color of a penny and it was a gorgeous mess. He was so sexy, and the small smile on his face lit up his eyes as he greeted me. "Oh, yes. I have heard a lot about Bella, not only from Alice, but Emmett as well. It's a pleasure to meet you Beautiful." He shook my hand and rubbed his thumb across my palm. The touch sent a shock through my arm and through my entire body. I blushed and looked down at my feet. Esme laughed and I looked up at her. "Oh Bella, did my middle child dazzle you? He does have a tendency to do that to the ladies on occasion. Now, Edward, what did you want?" Edward pulled his gaze away from my face and glanced at his mother. "Oh. It was nothing Ma. I'm going to head up to my room and get ready for tonight. Bella, will you be here tonight?" "Um, yeah. Alice pretty much told me if I didn't come tonight, I would be disowned." A huge smile lit up his face and he leaned over and whispered in my ear, "Mmmmm I'm sure I could make you come tonight…." He straightened up, gave me a very smug smirk and then left the room with me standing there a bit incoherent and completely turned on. It was completely unexpected and I was shocked that I wanted it to happen again. I was a bit confused because in the 5 years I was with Jacob, he never once made me feel like that, especially not with just a few words, I wanted to follow Edward up to his room. But I forced myself to stay in the kitchen. I was jolted out of my memories by Alice banging on the bathroom door. "Move your butt Bells. We have to leave in 5. " The spa was nothing short of heavenly. I had a sixty-minute massage, and then my hair and make up were done to Alice's specifications. Through my entire massage I continued to look back at the last couple years of my life The night of Edward's party was an interesting one. The party had been in full swing for about an hour, a lot of people had shown up and the house was full. I was sitting with Emmett and Rose on one of the couches in the family room when Edward came in the room. His eyes quickly scanned over the room and as soon as he spotted me his eyes lit up and he made a beeline for me. "Bella, can I borrow you for a moment?" He asked and extended his hand to help me off the couch. "Oh um, sure, I guess." I grasped his hand and felt a spark shoot through my whole body. I heard him take a sharp intake of breath so I knew that he had felt it too. He just looked into my eyes and gave me a dazzling smile. He then led to me to a quiet corner in the kitchen. "I need to ask you a huge favor. I know we just met and all, but would you be willing to pretend to be my girlfriend for the evening?" "What? Why?" I asked shocked, there was no way this gorgeous man needed someone as simple, plain and boring as me to pretend that, anyone he was trying to fool would see right through the charade! "Well you see, there are a couple of women here that were invited by my dear meddling mother, women that she delusionally thought I would appreciate being set up with, women who also don't give a flying fuck about me, but more about how many credit cards I have in my wallet. So, I thought, maybe you could help me out and help shoo the flies away?" He asked with a small smile on his perfect face. "I could try. Not sure how well it would work, no one is going to believe that someone like you is with someone like me." I said with a shrug. "What do you mean? You think that no one is going to believe that the most beautiful woman in the room belongs on my arm?" The compliment went completely over my head, "Well of course she does, but if you want the most beautiful girl in the room on your arm wouldn't that defeat the purpose of me pretending to be your girlfriend?" My voice laced with confusion. "Oh Bella, you really don't see yourself clearly do you? To me, YOU are the most beautiful woman in the room, well actually to me it would be the world." I felt my face flush and I looked down at my feet. "You don't mean that." I mumbled. I heard him scoff, and then one of his long graceful fingers reached under my chin and gently tipped my face back up toward his. "Yes, beautiful, I do mean that. Your beautiful face has been the only thing running through my mind since I saw you in the kitchen earlier. Well… your face and your body. Remember what I said to you earlier." He almost purred the last thought. I felt my face flush again and all coherent thought left my brain. I took a deep shuddering breath and smiled up at him. I completely ignored what he said. "Okay, Edward. Lets do this. But we need to let your family know so that they don't blow your cover." We let the Cullen's know what we had planned and the rest of the night Edward never left my side. The flies were sufficiently shooed and unbeknownst to me, my relationship with Edward had begun. After the party that night he and I stayed up almost the entire night talking, getting to know each other. Neither of us made a move beyond holding hands but I told him my entire romantic history. He already knew that my marriage had fallen apart less than a year ago and that Jacob and I should never have gotten married. I was never abused, emotionally or physically, just neglected. Jacob