A/N: This was my one shot Contribution to the Christmas Collab: Countdown to Christmas - A magical Twist in Time, Hosted by Breath-of-Twilight. Thank you so much to BoT for asking me to participate in the Countdown this year. When I received the email asking if I wanted to participate, I may have let out a little girly squeal. The main idea behind this year's countdown was a twisted tale of a traditional fairy tale. This is my version of The Ugly Duckling. Thank you as well to my beta CullenSweetheart – I can always count on you! I hope you all enjoy this slightly twisted holiday tale! I don't own Twilight. Broken Swan When I was a little girl, I never heard that I was as pretty as a princess. My mom's favourite thing to say was, "Oh Bella, you're the smartest girl I know". I learned from a very young age that meant that I was not pretty; I knew my looks were below average. Stringy and mousy brown hair, dull brown eyes, disproportioned nose, and thick coke bottle glasses. As I got older, those features only got worse. When I hit puberty, instead of blossoming, I gained weight and developed a bad case of acne. Needless to say, being teased in high school was not a huge shock. The worst of my tormenters were Rosalie Hale and Alice Brandon, co-captains of the cheer squad, and their band of lemmings. The only person close to my age what was ever nice to me was Jacob Black, the son of my Dad's best friend. I would never have called him a friend, but he was never cruel to me. But even that changed in my junior year of high school. At my mother's insistence, I invited Jacob to my junior prom. He accepted. When he picked me up, my mother took about a million pictures. When we climbed into his old beat up Rabbit, I begged him to go anywhere but the dance. We ended up at the beach in La Push. That night he told me that he was in love with me, that he had been for a while and that's why he accepted my invitation. I let him kiss me and before I truly realized what was happening, my dress was off and Jacob was taking my virginity. I wasn't happy about losing it on the beach, but the way Jacob held me after made me feel special. I was sore from our activities, but I was happy. When I called Jacob the next afternoon to see if he wanted to do something, he claimed he was busy. A week later I found out that he was just like everyone else I knew. He had made a bet with a couple of guys at my school that he could bed me and if he won, he would end up with a thousand dollars. I never did tell my parents why I never wanted to go with them to La Push again, or why I avoided Jacob and his father if they came to our house. My mother always tried to tell me that high school was supposed to be the best time of my life. But after Jacob, Rosalie and Alice made sure that it would be my worst. The last two weeks of senior year, they were relentless. Their torment took on a whole new level. "Hey Isabella," Alice whispered from behind me in Biology class, "Do you think you'll be like the Ugly Duckling? Oh wait, no you won't cause the ugly duckling was a beautiful white swan with a long slender neck, you're just a fat and stout ugly brown one, brown ones never grow up to be beautiful." I squeezed my eyes shut, the traitorous tears threatening to fall; throughout the years, I couldn't stop their words from hurting. I heard Rosalie snicker from across the aisle. "Yeah Isabella, I think your parents must have been delusional or hopped up on something when they named you Bella." She let out a snide chuckle, "You're about as far from Bella as I am from ugly." I tried to ignore them; I just paid attention to the teacher as he went over reviews for our final exams. I wanted nothing more than for the school year to be over. I had been awarded a full scholarship to Northwestern University in Chicago and I was leaving the second my diploma was in my hand. They didn't let up, every day, taunting me and then laughing when the tears would fall. It was the day before Prom, and a week before graduation when things came to a peak. I was on the 101 between Forks and Port Angeles in my Dad's old red pickup. As soon as I left the town limits, I let out a sigh of relief. It was like the whole town was pressing down on my chest. About 20 minutes after leaving town a familiar red BMW speed up behind me. They must have known it was me and not my Dad because they started honking. I kept my speed steady and kept my eyes on the road ahead, ignoring the honks of the ostentatious car and its occupants behind me. The road was practically deserted; they could have passed at any time. When they finally pulled out and went to speed around me, I glanced at the car as they passed and saw Rosalie in the driver's seat, Alice beside her with Jessica Stanley and Leah Clearwater in the back seat. They were all laughing like crazy. Rosalie pulled in front and slammed on her brakes. The brakes on my Dad's old truck were touchy on a good day, so when I shoved my foot into the pedal, the truck took a few seconds to start stopping. I swerved to miss the car in front of me and slid into the ditch, right into a tree on the side of the road, hitting my face and my chest on the steering wheel. The last thing I heard before everything went black was someone screaming. I woke up the next day at the hospital in Port Angeles; my parents were sitting on either side of me. My mom had obviously been crying and my Dad looked like he hadn't slept in days. "Mom, Dad?" I croaked out. "Oh Bella, baby! You're awake." Mom cried out. My dad calmly squeezed my hand and then reached over and pushed the call button to tell the nurse that I was awake. Within an hour the doctor was in to see me and after a few tests, I was allowed to go home. In between the tests, the state patrol officer that was first on the scene of the accident stopped in to get my side of what happened. Apparently Rosalie and Alice tried to make up some story about me driving recklessly, but for some reason, Jessica and Leah actually told the truth. Rosalie and Alice thought it would be funny to scare the crap out of me, but it backfired, causing the accident and putting me in the hospital. Once he had my side of the story, which pretty much matched what Jessica and Leah had said, he asked if I wanted to press charges. I didn't, I just wanted to get to Chicago and get them out of my life, but my parents insisted. I didn't have to do much, just write out a statement and it would be dealt with. A week later, I walked the stage to accept my diploma, less than an hour after that, my parents and I were on our way to the airport for our red eye flight to Chicago. I had never in my life been happier knowing that I was about to leave my life behind. My parents stayed for a week to help me settle into the small apartment I was renting until school began in August, and then I would be moving into the dorms. The first month on my own, without my parents just down the hall from me was hard, but it was exactly what I needed. I started making changes in my life. I didn't have a car so I started to walk everywhere and even took advantage of the gym in the basement of my apartment building. I also started eating better, which helped to clear up the acne that had been plaguing me. I was stuck with the glasses for a while longer, but the rest of me was being improved. By the time school started, I had already dropped 20 lbs and my face was clear. The day I moved into the dorm, I didn't know what to expect from my roommate. The letter I had received from Campus Housing had said she was an English Major like me, but one look at the tall, blonde and beautiful Tanya Denali had me immediately worried that I was going to have to deal with another Rosalie Hale. I was frozen in the doorway of my room as I watched Tanya empty a box. She glanced up and grinned. "Hey! You must be Isabella." She said enthusiastically. "Uh, yeah. That's me. And you're Tanya?" I asked, apprehension seeping into my voice. "I sure am. It's great to meet you!" She said as she bounded over to me and pulled me in for a hug. "You and I are going to be great friends!" She pulled me into the room and we spent the rest of the afternoon unpacking and chatting. I discovered quickly that the only similarity between Tanya and Rosalie was their hair color. Tanya was warm and friendly and easy to get along with. She quickly became an amazing friend. She helped me change my outlook on life. By the end of November, I felt like a new person. With Tanya's help and guidance, I had lost a ton of weight and was the healthiest I had ever been in my life. Due to the cost of airfare, I wasn't able to fly home for Thanksgiving, so Tanya invited me to go home with her. I didn't want to impose, but the idea of not being along was appealing. Tanya's mother, Carmen, was the one to convince me to go. She called the weekend prior and told me that I was more than welcome, that they had a nice guest room with my name on it and she wouldn't take no for an answer. The Tuesday before Thanksgiving, Tanya and I had arranged to meet up with some of our classmates for an early dinner before heading back to the dorm to pack up. I liked most of the people that Tanya and I had become friends with, except for two. Irina Ivanov and Kate Sawyer. Irina and Kate reminded me so much of Alice and Rosalie that I immediately shied away from them. Even Tanya, who was easy going and friends with everyone, didn't like them much. They found out that Tanya's parents were wealthy, and tried to cling on. I arrived at the café before Tanya did and grabbed the empty seat next to Angela Weber, a girl from my dorm floor that was also in my many of my classes. "Hey Isabella, did you decide what you're doing for the long weekend?" Angela asked with a smile. "I did. Tan's mom actually called to convince me to go up to Madison with her for the weekend, Mrs. Denali didn't think that I should be on campus alone." I heard Kate snicker under her breath from across the table. "You know that the Denali's are well known for helping charity cases. They must feel sorry for you." She said with disdain. Irina nodded her head thoughtfully from her spot beside Kate. I was about to say something back when Tanya breezed in and sat down across from me. "No, Kate. If my parent's wanted to