"_hey." "_hey back." You have just come into our cabin, the one we share since my coming to the Camp. Although you are looking down, down at your hands and at the pale cream colour, I know you are not really seeing them. You are never really seeing them. You are never really seeing me. You look up, and there is the promise of a thousand loves in them, the fire burning in the dark obsidian. There is a spark, a spark of happiness and love and… and hope. It hadn't been in so long. I curve my own mouth into a smile –one of those smiles you'd recognize if you even bothered to look at me. It's one of those smiles. The ones screaming hate and loathing and pain. Utter and complete, helpless pain begging for sweet, sweet release. I curve my own mouth into a smile, and as I wait for you to start spinning the tale of laughter and happiness and love, I silently curse the foolishness of my being. I hate you. Roughly as much as I love you. . I hate waking up in the same place as you. I hate regaining consciousness and hearing your soft breathing, I hate opening my eyes and seeing your frame huddled under the blankets, I hate seeing you so frail and innocent and unsuspecting and knowing –knowing I look the same as I sleep. I hate waking up in the same place as you. I hate waking up in the same room as you, because when the morning is too young and I feel this inexplicable pain in my heart that rivets me to my bed from the moment I open my eyes, I know I can't just curl up and cry; because you are here. I can't just shadow travel the heck out of there, because you are here. I can't just spend all day in bed, because you are here. Of course it's not truly your fault (how could it be?). All you do, your only crime, is to be happy; and how could I take that away from you? But as I wake up to see you smiling, as I open my eyes to another day of your happiness, I cannot but feel the bitter pain again. I am so glad you healed. I am so glad you are smiling again. I am so glad you are eating again. I am so glad you are talking again. I am so glad you are living again. I am so glad you are healed again. I just wished you had waited for me. . Some people wake up from dreams, other wake up into dreams. They say that waking up into a dream is the sign your life is complete, your happiness is found and you are content with who you are. They say that you have found true love, when your reality becomes better than your dreams. My only question is; what does it mean when you wake up into a nightmare? Some people wake up from nightmares. Most people having a nightmare have restless, agitated sleeps. They toss and turn in their slumber, limbs flailing and heartbeats speeding. When all sound has been drowned from their mind's ears by the thrumming of their scared hearts, when their vision goes blind from the adrenalin –they wake up. It is a simple thing, as simple as saying hello. One second they are asleep, the other they are awake. Their body tenses in the nightmarish dark of their room, all their muscles freeze as alert eyes dart from right to left. Their heart is still frantically beating, and no matter how much they try to tell themselves it isn't real, the words just don't want to sink in. They close their eyes, calm the rapid thrumming of their fear and slowly, gently, ease themselves back into a dark oblivion. People waking up into nightmares aren't so different. Minus the thrashing part. Waking into a nightmare is surprisingly still. It is generally a dreamless sleep they are awakened from, a form of gentle respite they hypothesise upon and wish for. Slowly, ever so gently, their eyelashes flutter open as the light of the day caresses their face. So far, everything is normal. The world is blissful for a handful of second, as everything becomes alive once more. And then they close their eyes under the weight of realisation. The darkness creeps in from inside, inching from inside their chest and spreading some sort of thick, black, tarlike substance onto their hopes. Everything becomes sluggish as the pain, the ever so acute pain blossoms into their stomach –a sort of pain coming from inside. It spreads, making them achingly aware of the darkness taking over; first it reaches the heart, engulfing it in the abysmal despair as black tendrils wrap around their core. The brain comes last, a silent torture allowing them to see –to realise all that is going on. The pain, the darkness, the helplessness. You are all alone, when you wake up into a nightmare. . Mom and Dad often come to visit us, and you wonder why. You wonder why they are here now, after your breakdown, and never before. You think they are keeping an eye on you, looking after you like the parents they should have always been; but I know. I know they come here for me as well as for you. I know it, in the glances Dad throws my way, when they watch me watch you. I know it, in the way Mom holds me slightly tighter when she hugs us goodbye. I know it, in the furtive caress of Dad's hand on my hair. Because Dad understand. Dad doesn't say anything when he catches me declaring I am not hungry for the third time today. He doesn't say anything when I don't come out of my room for a whole day. He doesn't say anything when he finds me crying, hiding behind a statue in his throne hall. Instead, he brings me chocolate in secret when Mom isn't looking. Instead, he walks into my room without knocking and lies on my bed with me. Instead, he sits with me on the floor and just waits. Because Dad understands what it means to be in love with your brother. . I can feel you slipping inside my bed, snuggling up to me. Your feet were, as per usual, frozen. How many times have I told you to wear socks? You never listened. I can feel you slipping inside my bed, your hands wrapping around my middle as you absentmindedly nuzzled my hair. "_don' wanna get up…" Your words were sluggish and slurred, and I was all to content to bask in your heat for just a tiny bit longer. The time for the pain to fade and the nightmare to truly settle in. Slowly, you warmed up in the heat of my bed. Your hands snaked around me, as if it were normal for a brother and his sister to snuggle in bed all day. I guess it ought to be, really. It would make hugging you back all right, it would make relishing in your smell alright –it would make everything alright. But it isn't, and I just have to get on with it. It was the knocks rasping against the door which forced you out of my bed, out of our bubble and pitted you against the world. You rolled away from me, snatching the covers with your warmth as you dragged yourself to the door. I just curled under the cold assaulting me. "_Annabeth!" And the cold wrapped me in its chilling embrace. What happened between you, Percy and Annabeth wasn't conventional –but since when was camp Half-Blood conventional? What happened between the three of you was… it was everything to me. It taught me, showed me, all the things I ever wanted to see, all the things I ever wanted to hear, all the things I ever wanted to realise. Annabeth loved Percy. Percy loved Annabeth. Nico loved Percy, Percy loved Nico. And so, for Percy's sake, Nico loved Annabeth and Annabeth loved Nico. It was so twisted, so broken and yet so right. It was the truth I hadn't wanted to see for so long, and yet had always known. When you love someone, love that person like the sun loves the moon, like the darkness loves the light, like… like true love can only love –like you are ready to do anything for them. You are ready to move mountains, to force feelings, to accept others –because you love them and all that matters is the knowledge, the feeling, the certitude that they are happy. And although I knew that if one loved so much, loved so dearly it could only be true love, one could also fall out of love. I just hoped that when it happened, neither of you three would be hurt beyond compare. . I wondered why on earth you couldn't seem to find somewhere else to fuck than Cabin 13. The first time, it had been a spur of the moment thing, and Percy and you just happened to be in the same Cabin as I when it clicked. The second time, all the three of you had been playing cards when it got out of hand. Okay. I get that. After all. He is a son of Poseidon. He has the sex drive of a rabbit. But… but that one time –that was on purpose. You were sat at our table for lunch, happily digging into the food whilst I pushed mine around my plate. As I got up to toss the rest into the hearth, silently praying to Poseidon (I prayed to Athena yesterday) to take care of your high idiocy, I saw from the corner of my eyes Percy approaching you. There was that light in his eyes, the one of a predator nearing its prey as he prowled towards you. He bent over your shoulder, whispering something into your ear to which you smiled, that small coy smile of yours I had associated with the knowledge you were about to get laid. (how sad was it that I should know that face?) As I regained my seat, with a now empty plate in hand, I spotted Annabeth slipping away from the Athena table. Percy was already gone, and within seconds your own meal was wolfed down (how glad was I to see you eat) and you were briskly walking out of the lunch hall. Without a word, without a glance, without acknowledging my existence. How I hated you. So, like the idiot I am, I followed you out of the lunch hall. Like the idiot I am, I watched you walk towards your home, my home –our home. Like the idiot I am, I allowed you to burn me again. You entered without knocking, the knowledge of what was hidden inside making you boil with impatience. Hands hurried you in, grabbing you and pulling you in the darkness as I watched, mesmerised, the door shut in my face. Never had I seen such happiness mar your features. Oh how I hated you. This time I didn't shadow travel to the underworld. This time I didn't take a walk across the camp and try to find my peace. This time, I just looked at the door which had closed and wondered when I had lost you. Was it the day I decided to let go of my love for you? Was it the day I allowed you to call me 'sister' again? Was it the day I arrived? Was it the day she died? Had I never had you in the first place? Then the anger took over. It wasn't a pretty sight, as I felt my blood boil at the intensity of my ire. I had never had you in the first place, because you have