Every semi-god had to be claimed by their thirteenth birthday. That rule, which had been put in place by Percy Jackson five years ago, had generated great relief for the Hermes Cabin, glad to see their overpopulated living quarters suddenly empty as an onslaught of claims were put upon campers who had remained undetermined. Sure, it had been a great hassle for the Hephaestus Cabin, having to build extensions and work with the Athena Kids to accommodate everyone –but they pulled through and everyone was generally much happier now. Generally being the operating word of that sentence. . Hel was a sixteen years old white haired girl who had been recruited mere days before the war against Gaia, though her recruitments was still a sore topic for most. Because, you see, Hel had been on Gaia's side. Not only was Hel weird (white hair, flaming red and golden eyes and obsidian skin –not chocolate, not 'black' as Africans were called, but pure unadultered obsidian black skin stretched over European features, which did not help her in the slightest to blend in crowds) but she was also unclaimed and one of the many 'reformed', as the semi-gods who had turned their coat on Gaia at the eve of the battle were now called. Hel had no special abilities which specifically branded her as a certain God's decadent descendent, no feature which would allow her to fit into the mould. Hell. She couldn't even read Greek or Latin –nor did she feel as if she even belonged in either New Rome or Camp Half Blood. She was just an odd ball, and Hel had gotten used to it. It didn't mean she wasn't bitter. At sixteen, she was the only one to be claimed in camp. Even the newbies which had arrived post-Gaia, those who hadn't seen the horror of war and adverted their eyes from their scars, even those had been claimed by their Godly parents. It was just her. (Was she such a disappointment?) . Hel didn't have anyone to lose in the war against Gaia. Heck. Even now, she didn't have anything to lose. All that she might have forgone (if she still had it) was her life, and even that no one had been able to reap it from her on that battle field. She had been injured. Of course she had been injured. She had lost the use of the whole of her right side when a boulder-throwing giant had gotten her –and it was what she deserved for switching sides like a bitch at the eve of battle. After all. People like her never got any recognition. Either they switched to the winner's side and they were the filthy little asswipes who wanted a part of the winner's cake, or they switched to the losing side and they became the traitorous bastard, lower than the scum of the earth and tortured until death; because if they had betrayed you once they would betray you again and they therefore couldn't be trusted –and hence needed to be killed. Painfully. Hel was an idiot, and she deserved it all. After all. She was a filthy little traitor who had chickened out of her beliefs. Even though she liked to think she was just an opportunist. A dancer on a line. A lone wolf. Someone who served only herself. They were all petty synonyms for 'coward'. . On her bad days, Hel knew exactly who she was. She had known since the day she had opened an ancient Rune text book, long forgotten in the library at Camp Half blood –hidden away under layers of dust by the war. Hel had instinctively understood the language, seemingly knowing what the book told and feeling, in her veins, the awareness of her existence. Hel had had a hunch as to who she was long before coming to camp, and on a bad day, she could no longer make believe she wasn't right. She had known since the day she had received for Christmas (the last one with her family, before she was brought to Gaia by an eight legged horse) two books, wrapped up neatly in a fiery red paper. One was the Prose Edda, and the other the Poetic Edda –in ancient Norse. Hel had read them both in an evening. Hel knew exactly who she was, when she closed her eyes and remembered that for her sixteenth birthday (the 21rst of December, four days before she received the Eddas) an androgynous redheaded man had handed to her a book; the Gospel of Loki. Her name was inside. Goddess of Life and Death, Reaper of the soul and Daughter of the one and only God of Trickery and Mischief: Loki. Hel wasn't an idiot. On a bad day, she knew exactly who she was. . The day after the Battle of Manhattan was a bad day. Of course it wasn't a bad day because she was grieving. She had no one to mourn, no one to lament. She had no one, period. The day after the Battle of Manhattan was a bad day. She was lying under that boulder, people having bypassed her to offer help to fallen heroes and semi-gods (because she didn't matter; she was a 'reformed', and they weren't even sure she had godly blood in her veins). She was lying under that boulder, staring at the sky with one eye –the other was too painful to open, squashed under that freaking block of stone that had ripped the life from her right side. As she was looking up (the sky was so blue it hurt her eye, and she was wondering how it could be so beautifully blue when the darkness had just begun to recede), Hel saw a three headed dog near her. From the way the other people around didn't seem to appear fazed by it, Hel assumed she was the only one able to see it. She would have supposed someone would have rushed over, maybe even shouted or called for help if they had noticed the towering black mass of muscles and fur rippling under the sun. As it happened, the Helhound just strolled through the battle field as if it belonged there, heading straight for her and halting as it reached her head. She knew him. "_Garmr." The dog (it was really just a huge, scary, cuddly black plushie) nuzzled her head with his nose, licking the still living part of her. It was a bad day, the day which followed the Battle of Manhattan. Hel was looking up at the sky, when she truly felt the weight of the realisation of her being sink in at the sight of her father. . On a bad day, Hel knew exactly who she was. She was Hel. Daughter of Loki. Goddess of the Underworld. Harvester of Life and Bringer of Death. . Nobody really noticed as the boulder trapping Hel crumbled when she touched it. Nobody really cared, as she stood up on shaking legs and stumbled, only for Garmr to catch her. Her right side –the one that had been killed by Life, was weak. It was withered and broken, intangible as Hel looked at her father. "_you are the God of Mischief, aren't you. Loki." "_and your father, occasionally. Yes." She snorted a little, looking at the Helhound faithfully holding her up. "_I don't suppose being my father has anything to do with the reason for which you are here." "_no indeed." They both looked on to the battle field, dead bodies littering the floor as souls withered and groaned before her. "_you are here to make sure I do my duty, aren't you?" Loki just nodded. Hel set to work. . The first few steps were the worst. It felt like walking on a dead leg (which she supposed it was) and she tripped every few strides she took. However, she soon got the hang of it as Loki handed over to her a long black staff to help her walk. "_the women over there" she motioned to a group of four blonde women, dressed as warrior and stood above the body of some fallen heroes. "they are Valkyries, aren't they? That's where I start, no? I follow them and reap the souls they don't deem worthy of Valhalla." "_indeed. They are Odin's envoy, and therefore act in his name. They select the heroes, and you bring every other soul to Hel where they will remain until Ragnarök." "_what about Asphodel? Tartarus? Elyseum? What about Hades?" Loki looked around, bending to her ear as his breath ghosted over her skin. For a second, Hel wondered how it would feel to have him as a dad. "_the time of Greek and Roman Gods is gone. You will be their downfall, Hel. It is our time to shine." And he disappeared in the breeze. . Garmr remained with her all throughout the day. He answered (yes, answered. Apparently Helhounds could communicate –which was ever so useful because she had no clue as to what she was doing.) all the questions she asked, looking at her strangely though never without patience as she wondered how the Hel she was going to send the souls to the Seventh realm –her realm. "_eat them." had been his only response. Hel wasn't too sure as to the viability of this method, but she had soon forgotten the problem when the Valkyries stilled at her approach. "_Hel." "_Shieldmaiden." She glanced at the fallen boy, her eyes grazing over a Roman. He had been a son of Belladona, she recalled the fire in his gaze when he fell into line at the beginning of the battle. She recalled hearing his cry as he died –at the hands of a harpy. She recalled. "_he was brave." "_and for his bravery he will drink in the halls of the Allfather." Hel looked away. She had drawn the short straw. . The first soul Hel had to reap was the one of a Titan. It made it slightly easier for her that he wasn't someone she knew. It made it slightly less personal. Slightly less painful, when his soul rose from his body, wailing and kicking and screaming as she forced it away from his bodily envelope and, almost as if she knew what she was doing, clasped the soul in her hand and squished it. the wails became louder as his hopes to escape vanished, the last cry echoing through the battlefield as he was cast in an ocean of darkness. Her abode was cold and lonely in the seventh realm. Her home was dark and forlorn –with only the cries of a daunting past the keep away the shadows of death. The Valkyries stopped to look at her as she allowed the slivery strands of the soul to escape her hold, curling around her skin and drifting away. Garmr's jaws snapped around it, swallowing the last filaments of happiness. "_if you leave strands behind, the souls will keep on screaming. It echoes through the whole kingdom, reverberating through you and gives you monstrous headaches." Hel just moved onto the next. . Eventually came the time when she had to reap a soul she knew. The first person she encountered was a girl called Sarah. She had been a daughter of Hecate, one of the many semi-gods which had found no fame, no hope and nothing else but the incessant need to survive in their coming to camp Half-Blood. Sarah hadn't been nice to Hel, not by any length, but the daughter of Hecate had smiled at the 'reformed' when she had been introduced to them, alongside with many of the other traitors. Sarah hadn't deserved death –but death often took those who didn't deserve it and left those who did alive. The girl had been skewed in half by a spear, most probably wielded by another semi-god. Her soul was sitting beside her body, silently looking down as