If I close my eyes, I can feel arms wind around me. I know they are just the figments of my imagination, the long lost thoughts of a broken mind –but they are here. Here with me; and that is more than you'll ever do. Because you got him, don't you? You got the beautiful Son of Poseidon to dream of, the strong and sexy tanned skin, the deep sea green eyes –heck, he is a male. And I'm not. I am just the skinny Daughter of Hades, your freaking half-sister though I refuse to let you call me that. I have the boring black eyes that don't sparkle like the sea, the annoying white hair which doesn't shine gently in the sunshine like his does, I don't have the taunt muscles under tanned skin –I am not Percy freaking Jackson. I am not the one you love. And even though he loves another, you just carry on dreaming. We are so alike in that aspect, don't you think? I dream of you, you dream of him and he dreams of her. Only, she dreams back doesn't she? She holds his hand when you wish it was you, she kisses his lips when you wish they were on you. She loves him, and he loves her –but who loves you? I know you ask yourself those questions; don't try denying it. You wonder so often as to why it isn't love, why it hurts so much, why no one cares. But let me tell you, love is a two way thing. If it's only you; it's pain. I know it. You come in the cabin we share, smiling from the eyes and so damn freaking happy because you finally got a confession out of him. Of course it's not a love confession, but you know it is the best he'll ever give you and you are happy with that. You are pleased –because you got love back, even though it wasn't the one you gave. Your eyes shine a little, the molten chocolate sparkling as you speak of him. You call me 'Sis' again, and I have to dig my nails into my arms to stop myself from correcting you. I am not your sister. I don't want to be your sister. Stop calling me that. I am not your sister. But you don't hear me do you? You just carry on, telling me of him, of his half broken reveal; that he loves you but not like you do. That even though he loves Annabeth, he considers you family and loves you as such. You smile dreamily when you mention that peck he gave you, slightly too close to your mouth to be just friendly. I know you blubbered and stammered with your words then, and I know he laughed at you that deep, rich laugh which is nothing like the broken ones I howl at you sometimes. You carry on talking –you don't need me to answer. You are talking at me, not to me. And I just sit there, staring at you and at your happiness, your eyes lighting up and your world so bright that it hurts. Your smile illuminates the cabin, shining from the inside and suddenly I feel as if a knife is driven through my heart, that frozen and pathetic excuse of a heart that just won't let you go. And it hurts. So I just stand up, and you stop talking. You are looking at me weirdly, as I make my way to the bathroom. "_Hel?" Before I close the door on another day of your happiness, I utter those five words which I know hurt you –but they hurt me more, trust me. "_I am not your sister." And shut the door on your downcast eyes and broken face. . When I come back out again, you are staring at the ceiling. You don't speak as I walk past, refuse to look at me as I turn the light off and slip into my bed. I wish we had separate rooms. I wish I could retreat into my own space, curl into a little ball and just sit there, silently, allowing my heart to break and mend and break again in silence. I can't, because you are here and you would hear the sound of it shattering on the ground. I still wish I could though. So when you get up from your bed and trudge to the bathroom to get ready for the night, I don't move. I don't move, and wait for the door to be closed and the shower to be on before I tuck my head between my knees, curl up in a ball and silently breathe. It's all I can by now. Breathe. Try to remember I am alive, try to pull some deep buried feeling of happiness from somewhere inside my chest. I am pathetic and I know it –but you keep on calling me your sister and my breath keep on coming shorter and I wonder how long I can keep the façade on before it cracks and crumbles irremediably. Who am I joking? It has already cracked and crumbled. And even though you are not in the room anymore, I still clutch at those tiny fragments of that mask I wear, I still grip them so hard to try and keep myself together; because if I let it go tonight, it'll never be back up by the time you come out of the bathroom, never be back up by the time Phoebus rises, never be back up by the time I have to come out and face the world, Percy Jackson and you, Nico di Angelo. It'll never be back on. And as I feel my mask slipping in the silence of the room, as I unseeingly stare at the wall, I hear you come out of the bathroom. I missed my chance. So I'll hold the mask on, until tomorrow and the darkness recedes, until the light shines so hard on my pale skin that the cracks can't be seen, until the world is so loud that it has no time for my tears. I feel the side of my bed sink as you sit there, but I don't move. If I move the mask will slip and crack and crumble –and that's no good to you. You don't need me to crumble. You need me to hold strong, you need me to hold onto. "_I'm sorry, Hel." What are you apologizing for? What do you know? How could you know? No. you are not sorry. "_I don't mean to hurt you. I don't get why –but if you don't want to be my sister, then you don't have to be. I'll stop. I swear I'll try to stop; but I would like you to be my sister Hel. I would. I really would." And as you rise from my bed, I can feel my heart plummeting in my stomach and shattering in a thousand of little pieces, shards embedding in my skin so harshly your words don't even hurt. How could I say no to this lie? So I stop staring at the wall, because right now you are the one to need me and if you do, then I'll just shove Hel at the back of my being and be your sister for the night. I stop staring at the wall and I pretend to be Bianca, padding to your bed and slipping in next to you. My arms wrap around you –because right now you don't need Hel, do you? You never needed Hel. My arms wrap around you and I allow you to hug me back even though it hurts, I allow your hands to fist in the fabric of my shirt; and I allow you to murmur to me, as you drift to sleep. "_night Bianca." And I can't help but soften my voice, make it sing for you a little as, quietly, I reply: "_night fratellino ." And I know you don't hear me when I say it, I know you don't hear my voice and see my face; but it's okay. It's okay, because you need Bianca and not me, and I know I'll never be her and all I can do is pretend to try and make it okay. So I shut up. I shut up and allow you to hug me and call me 'Bianca', even though I know you are not, as you often reason, calling me such because of my hair. I allow my presence to blur with the one of your sister –and even though you don't realise it tonight I am just holding broken pieces together again. All I can do is hope you won't squeeze too hard, or I'll shatter in your grip. But you don't need a broken me tonight, do you? So tonight I'll pretend I am not broken, I'll pretend I am whole and pure and Bianca, so that when you wake up tomorrow the cracks in your façade are a little less present. I don't mind being broken if it means you are healing. I'd be a poor sister if I did, and an even poorer lover. But still. Sometimes, I wish you weren't seeing Bianca when you hold me. I wish you weren't the one being held even though it is your arms which curl around me. Sometimes I wish you didn't call me 'sister'. And tomorrow when I wake up, you'll be gone. You always are. You'll either be in the shower or outside. I won't see you until night again, when you come back to the Cabin with a smile on your face and a tale to tell –one of sea green eyes and cheeky smiles. And it's okay. It's okay for you to heal, it's okay for you to smile. I just wish you had waited for me. . Here we are. Back to the same old square one again. You have just walked in, eyes alight and hands flaring around you as you speak in a flurry of movements. You are alive, and I wonder how you can be so blind as not to see the difference in our eyes. Yours are alive –and mine are dead. But you carry on speaking. You speak as you push the door to our Cabin open, and I can hear your voice drifting from the other side of the Obsidian wall. You speak as you drop your shoes by the side, your old destroyers I got you years ago (you thanked me by calling me Bianca), and the tall boy next to you imitates you. You are talking with your hands, words flooding from your mouth so fast I wonder how you can spill so much without feeling judged as you let yourself fall onto your bed. Percy follows you in, sitting cross legged as you guys carry on talking. I don't even know what it is about –but you haven't noticed me have you? I am watching from my bed, hiding slightly in the darkened corner as the stench of the sea overtakes my senses. It makes me want to throw up, want to bang my head against the wall at how fucking bright the smile on that idiot's face is, but I don't. I don't, because that would draw attention to me and I don't want you to notice me. I want to see you, to see the cracks in your façade. In the end, I just got burnt. I saw Percy's hand on your knee, and there was the quiet sensation that I knew what was about to unfold but I sat there, frozen. My eyes widened as you stopped talking, halted in the middle of a sentence and a small part of me wondered how such a small touch could have this effect on you. How it could affect you this much –and then I realised. Your touch