Disclaimer : I do not own any of the characters in this story. Rick Riordan made this castle, and I'm just trying to limit the plot bunnies' propensity for destruction. To do good. (What is, to do good?) What is good when good is evil and evil seems good? What is good when the darkness becomes kinder than the light? What is good when the end seems sweeter than the beginning? What is good? To do good. To pretend to smile. To plaster a dangerously fake joy on your face. To do good. Good is subjective. Good is darkness. Good is the light. Good is the endless torture of innocent knowledge. Can you do good without doing evil? Can you bestow kindness without tearing someone apart? Can you change the hopeless pit inside yourself if no one wishes to fill it? Can you hold a burning candle and not let it fall? Can you see the small bird shiver and not fear to break it? Can you be yourself when yourself truly is the darkness seeping in? Darkness is an odd silly little thing. It is like a wave. Like a tidal recess. Like… it is like the sea. The dark and treacherous sea, full of smiling greens and loving blues. Gently lulling men in its quiet embrace, the phantasmagorical promises of lands not yet seen shimmering behind the endless horizon. The sea is the promise of freedom. The sea is the quiet lull of darkness. The sea. The treacherous sea. The darkness pulling you under. The chasm beckoning your soul in. The fear lingering inside your mind. The gentle lullaby of luring sirens. The small knowledge of helplessness. To Nico di Angelo, the sea was synonym of darkness. (But well… ever since he looked up at the sky, he felt like it was okay to have a part of darkness within.) . The first time Nico got a look at Jason –a good hard look that meant he was seeing the blonde son of Jupiter, not just seeing him; it was because of Cupid (sillyassholefuckingbastard Cupid who caused him to lose all dignity and confidence he might have ever gained). Nico had looked at the blonde long and hard, had weighed all his options and calculated the burden of each consequence before he, surprising even himself, let the truth tumble out of his lips. Of course Nico wasn't this gracious about it all. Who would be –how could one be, when their greatest secret, their most inner turmoil was suddenly torn away from them? It was his pride, the deepest working of his minds against the safety of the world. They needed every help they could get, and in Jason's eyes Nico could see the despair. The despair, the darkness, the need. Cupid was pressing him, mocking him –but Jason's eyes were the ones to force the Italian into spilling his secret. They needed the information Cupid had. They needed to fight Gaea. And Nico? Nico… He could just be yet another casualty of the war. He would just be another sacrifice made. What was the worth of one in the face of the world? It's not like he thought he'd get out of this quest whole to begin with. (He wasn't a hero. He wasn't chosen to be on this quest. He didn't matter.) . Nico couldn't look at Jason after that. He couldn't even bear to look at himself in the mirror –so how could he look into those blue eyes of his, into the sincere blue eyes, and keep the façade up. He was a freak. It was wrong for him to be like that. He was a freak. An accident. A disease. All Nico could think about, in the darkness, was if Percy's smile would still be as bright when the sea god (he was a god, in Nico's eyes anyways) when the sea god would inevitably learn of this creepy, wrong, disgusting, revolting, unnatural love the Italian boy harboured. (And how on earth could Jason still bear to look at him when he himself couldn't?) . "_if you… if you want to talk, I'm here… ya'know… can't be healthy to keep all that to yourself…" "_I don't know what you are talking about." That time, Nico avoided looking at Jason. How could he look into the young man's eyes and pretend to lie when they were so broken and soft and so damn understanding. "_Nico I –" "_save it. I don't want your pity." Blue widened slightly. What? But Nico had already pushed past, his hands forcing Jason out of his way and disappearing into the depth of Argo II. (A thousand thoughts ran through his mind. Where did Nico sleep, on this too big ship? In the darkened corner of his mind? In the deepest recesses of despair? Was Nico alone? Did Nico feel alone?) (And a then a smaller, quieter thought. Did Nico's hand really feel this frail against his chest? Did he really feel it linger a second too long? Was he imagining things?) . Our favourite toys have the most scratches. Nico looked down at the being he was. Thin and stretched over too prominent bones. White skin, scarred and marred by Tartarus, haunting his mind and breaking his will. There was a vice like pain shooting through his chest every time he woke up. The silent knowledge that getting up, leaving his room, was putting a mask on the cracks, shining a bright light onto the imperfections and hoping it would smooth them out. There was a sliver of fear shooting up his spine with every second Nico spent knowing he had to go on. He had to go on, because people needed him to go on. (Hazel. Hades. Bianca. Percy. He had to stay alive to avoid Percy feeling responsible for his death.) Nico loved the darkness. He loved turning the light off and curling up somewhere he remained hidden. He loved taking this mask off, allowing the cracks to stumble through his façade and break him. Nico loved letting go. Nico loved the darkness. (He wondered if a light could exist in the darkness without killing it.) . "_stay safe!" Nico's steps halted, brutally so as he seemed to recoil at the words. The voice was warm. Baritone, almost, with the accents of fatigue. It curled through his body, slithering into his mind as the chocolate-smooth words finally registered in his brain. Reyna's eyes flickered to him, something more than just a little annoyance sparking through them. The words were for the two, and yet the praetor gave them entirely to him. Nico wondered why. Why the darkness taking over the woman's eyes. Why the small, bemused smile which curled at the daughter of Bellona's taunting lips. Stay safe. He didn't know if he could. He didn't know if he could even force himself to make a promise like this one. He didn't know if he could look back without breaking. He didn't know if he could stay safe. Safe was nowhere on this earth. . Nico was comfortable with that kind of friendship. (The one born out of need.) The friendship one had, because they spend days watching each other's back, days knowing that if they didn't get through to the end –then who would? Who would unite the Half Bloods under one banner if they failed? Who would rise to support? Who would be the faceless shadows if they weren't? Reyna and Nico were comfortable with their friendship. The one born out of long silences and groans of pain. The one born from having to carry on your shoulders the person upon which your destiny laid. The one born out of the dark. Reyna and Nico were comfortable with their friendship, comfortable with their silent agreement. They would watch each other's back. They would fight each other's battles. They would nurse each other's wounds. They would save each other's sanity. Because the weight of the world was on their shoulders, all packed into the dazzling slight of one marble statue, and never again did they want to be alone in carrying it. . "_I need to stop…" "_we can't." "_Reyna… I won't get us through the next shadow. I can't get us through the next shadow. I can't even stand." "_then I'll stand for you." . They were beaten. They were bruised. They were through with hoping. Hope had gone. The determination to save the world had shattered. All that remained was this need. This driving, maddening need. The need to survive. And survival included this too big statue, looming over him more and more as Nico tried, tried and tried to get them closer to their destination. Survival involved getting back up when your body was beyond breaking down. Getting back up was standing on your feet when all you wanted to do was curl up and die. Survival was standing up, even with your back hunched. Even with your shoulders slumped. Standing up. For the sake of being. For the right to survive. . "_we need to keep going." Nico nodded silently, his hand firmly holding Reyna's as he gripped the statue harder (cursed and wretched statue of the mother to a girl he envied). His strength was leaving him, the will to be no longer a substitute to the sleep he required. To the darkness he craved. Just to curl up. Just to curl up and sleep. A moment of calm. A breath of fresh air. Just… Just to survive. Reyna's hand squeezed his harder. At first, he hadn't wanted to touch the girl. He would grab her shoulder, her clothes… anything to avoid actually holding the woman, touching her skin and allowing himself to feel the reality under his fingers. If she was real, then so was his nightmare. At first, Nico had refused to touch the girl. And then, over the days spent between running and feeling like the darkness spread over them, Reyna had gripped his hand. The strong praetor, the hardened leader –the woman who-wouldn't-crumble, she had held his hand and given him a small, small smile. A real smile. Nico had found the strength to push past his limits once more. He wished she would smile again. He wished she would allow her mouth to curve into a small arc, would let her eyes sparkle for a second and, even if it is but a tired smile, Nico wished to see the small sliver of happiness. To feel the rejuvenating knowledge that no. no. no. he is not alone. She is here. She is there, with him –and they bloody well will survive because if there is one damn thing they are good at; it is surviving when the world wants to kill them. So Nico smiles. He allows his mouth to curve slightly at the edges when he grips Reyna's hand, feels the small squeeze and, when he looks up to see her face, there is a small tired smile illuminating the beauty she has. Oh. It's not like Percy's beauty; not like the lust he feels and the hummingbird taking life inside of him when he sees the dark haired boy. It has nothing to do with the beauty of an Aphrodite child, all on their skin, perfect and smooth skin hiding jagged shards of broken glass inside. It has nothing to do with beauty, other than the fact that Reyna's smiling and in her smile, Nico finds strength. So he widens his smile a little, secures his hold on the Athena Parthenos (he doesn't need to check the one on Reyna –it feels like he couldn't let go of her even if he wanted to) and wishes them away. . All the smiles fade when they reach camp. All the smiles disappear in the face of the grim greyscale the world has become (because the smiles are sweet and intimate and they belong to Reyna and Nico only). All the smiles are gone, but