Title: The Handfasting Author: BertaS Pairing: Severus/Harry Rating: PG Word Count: 4743 Warnings: Chan w/Harry being 16 – Slash – Sexual Situations – Mild Language – Summary: Harry and Severus decide that if they are going to be force to bond they are going to do it on their own terms. A/N: This is just a little romantic one-shot that has been sitting on my thumb drive for a while. It has not been beta-ed, I just ran it through spell check, so please ignore any typos. Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters, movies or anything else you may recognize. The Handfasting Harry Potter stormed from the Headmaster's office and wandered the nearly deserted corridors of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. He eventually found himself in the dungeon in front of a door that he knew, from studding the Marauders' Map, was the entrance to the Potions Master's private quarters. He took a deep breath and knocked. Severus Snape flung open the door with a snarled, "What!" He was half expecting one of his house's Prefects to be on the other side, not that many of his students had stayed for the holidays. He was shocked when Harry slipped inside with him. Severus sneered sarcastically, "Oh, do come in, Potter." "We need to talk, Professor." Harry said earnestly. "I need to know why you would agree to that?" He gestured in a vaguely upward motion apparently indicating the Headmaster's office. Severus snorted as he moved to stand beside the sofa where he had previously been half sprawled and asked, "What difference does it make? You made your opinion quite clear." He lifted the drink he had left on the table and drained it. He stood a moment trying to pretend the boy was not in the room before pouring more and sinking down to sit on the sofa. He was surprised to have the glass taken from his hand. He watched the boy take a sip, make a face and sip again. Harry then sat beside Severus and whispered, "Please, Sir, talk to me?" Severus leaned forward, elbows resting on his knees as he stared at his clasped hands before sighing resignedly, "What is it you want to know?" "Do you believe the Headmaster when he says I have to get married?" Severus shrugged. "I believe that it is the most expedient way to have you emancipated and thus out of danger of being placed in a completely untenantable situation." He snorted, "Perhaps I should say one worse than you currently find yourself in." "Why you?" Harry asked softly, then held up his hand placatingly. "And before you explode, I wasn't laughing at you. Just…" he shook his head. "The irony of the whole situation." He sighed. "I thought it was over. I'd won." He snorted out a mirthless laugh. "I thought I was free." Severus sighed, he recognized the truth of the boy's words. He had after all thought something similar. When at the end of the boy's fifth year, in at the ministry he has managed to finally kill the Dark Lord. "I am one of the few Order members not currently attached." Seeing the boy frown he elaborated, "Nymphadora would probably be more appropriate however she and the wolf are involved in, to quote Arthur, 'A Thing'." The Potion Master and current Defense instructor arched one eyebrow and sneered, "I did not care to enquire further." Harry sniggered looking entirely too happy as he nodded. He sobered a bit as he said, "The Weasley's are all out too. Ron wrote that Bill and Fleur announced their engagement on Christmas day. Charlie has a steady boyfriend in Romania. And the twins…" Harry shook his head smiling wryly, "Well they are a two for one special, you don't just date one of them." He grinned at the look of astonished revulsion on the Professor's face. Severus asked, "And Ronald or his sister?" Harry shook his head, "Ron…" He shook his head again and let out a little chuckle, "Ron would run screaming from the room is anyone even thought about suggesting he sleep with another bloke." Severus choked on a laugh as the boy continued, "Ginny is only fifteen, and at one point I thought I liked her. Then even we kissed, once." He frowned. "She said it was like kissing one of her brothers." He shrugged. "And I've considered Hermione my sister since the end of first year." Severus nodded, he could certainly understand that. He had, after all had similar feelings for the boy's mother when they were young. Smirking he tossed out another bit of information, "The only other unmarried Order members, other than myself and the Headmaster, are Mundungus Fletcher and Arabella Figg." Harry stared at him a moment before he said, "Eew!" He was wracked by an all-over body shiver and his face showed his horror. "That's… Eew!" Severus snorted in amusement as he said, "In short, Mister Potter, you simply have a bad lot to choose from." "You aren't even in the same category, so don't put yourself down like that, Snape." Harry ordered frowning. Severus huffed, "Oh, of course, that would be your job, wouldn't it?" He snatched the half empty glass from the younger man's hand and drained it in one gulp. Harry's eyes narrowed. "I don't believe I ever have, actually. Oh, I admit I thought you were working for Voldemort and trying to kill me a couple of times." He shrugged. "And I suppose I usually nod when Ron starts insisting you are an evil git, but that's more to do with homework and lost points than anything else. So, no, that's not my job." Severus opened and closed his mouth unsure what to say to that. He stared at the empty glass in his hand for a moment before saying, "Was there anything else you wanted to know before I finish getting drunk?" He looked up in surprise when he felt the boy push a lock of his hair behind his ear. "How did he get you to agree to marry me?" Harry asked softly. Severus looked down again and shrugged before taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly. When he spoke, it was almost in a whisper, "He holds my parole." Frowning Harry asked, "Is that as bad as it sounds?" Severus snorted as he filled the glass again before sneering, "He could send me back to Azkaban on a whim." "He threatened you?" Harry growled angrily. Severus shook his head. "He didn't have to, Potter." He sighed. "He reminded me of my oath and tempted me with the fact that you would be in my bed. When that didn't get my instant agreement, he simply ordered me to do it." Harry's hand briefly stopped in the middle of pushing Severus' hair back again. His fingers lingered, tracing the shell of the man's ear as he chuckled. "Should I be hurt that the thought of me in your bed didn't get better results?" He teased while not quite managing a pout due to the grin that he couldn't quite suppress. Severus glared and Harry asked, "What oath?" Severus shifted uncomfortably on the sofa and stared at the fire. He sighed. "I promised your mother." He paused for such a long time that Harry was about to change the subject when Severus continued in a whisper, "I swore on her grave, that I would protect you." Harry smiled softly as he said, "Thank you." Severus' head snapped up to fix the boy with a glare. "And just what are you thanking me for, Potter?" "For telling me." Harry smiled again. "And for saving me, more times that I care to count." Severus looked back at the fire. "I don't know that I managed it all that often." He said pessimistically. Harry snorted. "You stood up to Voldemort all those times, even when you didn't know it was him and got yourself set on fire for you trouble back in my first year." He leaned closer. "You tried to protect me from an escaped convict, and stood between me and a werewolf, unarmed, might I add?" Severus snorted. "Not that it helped. You still went off to get attacked by dozens of dementors." Harry chuckled and pushed Severus' hair back again. Severus' hand came up to smooth his hair as he asked, "Why are you doing that?" Harry shrugged. "Because you're letting me. He knelt up on the sofa running his hand into the older man's hair and whispering, "It's much softer than I thought." He was amazed to see the man's eyes close as he leaned into the caress. Harry's other hand came up to trace Severus' jaw and lips. When Severus whimpered slightly Harry leaned down kissing him gently. Harry groaned when he felt the Potion Master relax, almost melting in surrender as he returned the kiss. Harry took the empty glass and set it aside before he moved to straddle Severus' lap. They continued kissing and moving against each other. Eventually Harry pulled back a little, breathing heavily he panted, "There's too many cloths between us." Severus shook his head groaning, "Doesn't matter… I… Oh!" He seemed surprised as his body went ridged for a moment before shuddering. His eyes rolled half up into his head and he whispered, "Harry!" He then went almost limp, his face pressed into Harry's neck and his arms wrapped tightly around the young man's waist. The combination of Severus' uncontrolled movements as well as the way he said Harry's name and was now clinging to him was enough to cause Harry to join Severus in post orgasmic bliss. They sat there just holding each other for several long minutes before Severus shifted his head slightly. "I was under the impression that you hated me. And blamed me for the… for Black's death." Harry caressed Severus' hair. "I don't hate you. I used to think I did. But," he shook his head, "I don't." He sighed. "And Sirius…" He gave out another of those mirthless laughs. "If I blame you, I have to blame me and Dumbledore and Sirius too, instead of putting the blame where it really belongs, on Voldemort and Bellatrix." He leaned back a bit aware of Severus' hands gently caressing his hips. "There were so many stupid things that contributed to it. Dumbledore not telling me what I needed to know and practically locking Sirius up in that house he hated. Me not telling you about the dreams. Not trying very hard to learn what you were trying to teach me. And forgetting you were an Order member." Severus sighed, "I'm sure my needling him at every opportunity didn't help and there are other methods of learning occlumency. When you didn't catch on like you should, I could have tried them." Harry shifted causing Severus to groan. Harry scooted his hips back a bit even as he leaned closer to Severus and whispered, "Sorry, don't think I want that squished." Before kissing Severus again. When he pulled back Severus' eyes were closed and his head was resting on the back of the sofa with a slight smile turning up one corner of his mouth. Harry smiled as he asked. "Professor… Severus, will you marry me?" Severus chuckled. "I believe I have already agreed to do so, Mister Potter." He said as he opened his eyes. "I know. It's just…" Harry ran his hand into Severus's hair again as he thought about what he wanted to say. "It's not something you can order someone to do. It's a gift." His fingers played with the hair lightly wrapped around them. "One I'd be honored to give you and receive from you." Severus smiled softly. "Thank you Mister Potter. I accept your proposal." "Good." Harry said before kissing the tip of Severus' nose. Severus snorted and Harry said, "I've never been to a wedding." He frowned slightly. "Don't they take a lot of planning