Chapter One: This isn't Hogwarts "Elliot Wilbur Stoneguard, you will get out of that bed this instant!" Elliot's mother, Alyssa Stoneguard, shouted as Elliot, though groggy and sore from a night of sleeping wrong, gasped and rolled off his bed in his sky blue Detroit Lions pajama bottoms and white tee shirt and stood at the foot of it. "Today's the day!" Elliot shouted as he looked in the mirror, Elliot was tall for his age,standing at 5' 11'' coupled with his long arms,it gave him confidence in his dream of being the best beater Ilvermorny had ever had spent most of his summers working at the school he was about to attend for the first time with his Uncle Quinn Linxer, who was the school's game keeper, and that had kept Elliot at least modestly in shape. His mother, with her arms crossed, shook her head in disappointment as she looked at her fourteen-year old son, who was flexing to himself in a mirror that hung from his open closet, and chuckled, "I hope you worked on your beater skills with your uncle because those "muscles" you're trying to show off haven't quite come in yet" she said. Her son frowned with an eyebrow raised, "Love you too, mom." he said as he bolted past his mother and straight into the bathroom. Once in the bathroom the young man observed his face in the mirror,he wasn't sure why he was so excited,Elliot had attended a much MUCH smaller wizarding school in north Detroit.A school called North Cross,it wasn't much,it was only an old mansion that could hold no more than 60 stared at his slightly tan skin,being a growing young man it wasn't a shock that he began to grow facial hair grew in patches,some strands were much longer than others,he opened the mirror to retrieve a the mirror he began to shave off his stubble until his chin was smooth and peach fuzz free,making sure not to cut had always liked muggle things,much like his father,he always at least tried to understand the muggle Elliot loved music,he frequently listened to "Rock and Roll" bands as muggles referred to them as. Elliot even leaned to play many instruments including the guitar and piano. After taking care of his morning duties, the young man emerged from his bathroom bright eyed and bushy tailed. Walking towards his closet, he pulled out his favorite player's jersey, Barry Sanders, and pulled it over his head. Elliot then went to his dresser and removed a very worn pair of faded blue jeans that had grass stains on the areas where it met his knees, as well as a few paint splotches from when he had tried to paint his room without his parents knowing, and put those the young man kneeled down and grabbed a shoe box from under his bed, and pulled from the old tattered box,his favorite pair of sneakers that were relatively new since he had just purchased them from a man on the street for five dollars just last week. "Elliot! Come downstairs, your breakfast will get cold!" His mother yelled, as Elliot yelled back "Be down in a minute." He came back to the mirror in his room, grabbed a comb and styled his hair to his regular look with his hair being combed up and parted to the right. "Today's the day, big guy. Five summers of saving up and doing odd jobs are gonna pay off." he said to himself with a bounce in his step. He stared at his reflection. Elliot was the son of two wizarding shop owners, Eric and Alyssa Stoneguard, to his knowledge they were poor but they always made sure he was fed and had something to wear. This was clear since they lived on a farm just outside of Detroit,Michigan ,with a big yard and in the middle of nowhere Elliot was free to do what ever he wanted,as long as it was ok with his mother. The Stoneguards were a strange bunch,his father loved tinkering with things that muggles used,anything from a television set to a 1990 Yamaha YX600 that he had restored when it was abandoned in a ditch near their home and so far, it's worked. The Stoneguards were even avid members of their community, attending events, voting, and even sending Elliot to Muggle summer camps from time to time. Elliot loved meeting new people, muggle and wizard alike, his parents had always taught him to be open minded and not to be afraid of people that were different from them. Eliot began walking downstairs where the radio was turned on and his mother and father were in the kitchen slow dancing to Ray Orbinson's 'Pretty Woman',walking in on his rather large father twirling his much smaller wife around before kissing her neck. "Ahem!" Elliot said rather than grunted as his mother blushed and continued cooking,and his father chuckled "Oh one day you'll be doing the same thing" he said in a distinct Greek laughed rolling his eyes before sitting down at the table across from his wasn't long before his mother put a plate before Elliot and his dad that consisted of eggs,ham,and toast his mother sat In-between the two men and the family started to eat. Elliot's father Eric was a burly, Greek man with tattoos on his arms of on his left forearm the code of the aurors and his right was a scripture of some kind, his black almost brown hair was thick and curly no doubt messy from plowing the fields the Stoneguards owned outside of Detroit. He wore a gray plaid shirt which was a similar color to his son's eyes, his nose was stuck in today's wizard newspaper, "Merlin's Post." Elliot sat down next to his mother as she poured him a glass of milk. His mother, opposite to his father, was much smaller. She had long dark brown hair, no doubt it was passed on to her son, and she had the most prominent laugh lines Elliot had seen on a women as young as she was. From what Elliot knew his parents were a rather young couple but he would rather die than ask his parents about their love life. "Well, son, looks like you won't be the only new student transferring in." his father said with a slim smile. "A lot of families in Europe are sending their children to Ilvermorny this year." he added taking a sip from mug. "Ah yes I heard about that, that poor Diggory boy" his mother said as she ate her eggs, Elliot had read in the paper a boy from Hogwarts was killed by the name of Cedric Diggory and was slain by You-Know-Who, himself. This frighten Elliot since apparently the only wizard that You-Know-Who ever feared was an old man an ocean away. This lead his parents to the topic and began to ramble on about how they had attended Hogwarts in their youth for that seemed like the 7th time in the past few days. Elliot ate his breakfast hoping that with a mouth full of food would be a good reason not to talk to his parents for a little bit, before he finally spoke as everyone was mostly done. "Are they like us?" He asked with genuine curiosity, "you know the kids from Hogwarts, like have they lived in plain sight and all? You guys know? Do they have as much interaction with muggles as we do?" Elliot added with a mouth full of egg. His father looked at him choosing his words carefully, "To an degree I'd say yes,especially since a good bit of them are muggle born, but for the ones that are 'pure blood' they have not done the things we do,at least a good bit of them have not." his father said to him as his mother nodded. "Elliot, it's only right you go in knowing that not all wizards are like us." his mother said putting her hand on her son's head playing with his hair before Elliot slowly shifted to the right to avoid being petted. "Some wizards and witches don't see muggles as people, sometimes they'll treat people differently just because they were brought up differently." she said in a calming voice. His father nodded, "That goes for muggle born wizards as well, even wizards and witches that have open relations with muggles" Elliot sat there thinking "I see" he said as he remembered the summers as a child when he would go to camp with muggles, he had many fond memories of that time,and had even kept some good friends' phone numbers and had regularly contacted them over the years. He thought about all the odd jobs he had taken up for his muggle neighbors, he had even been invited by his friends from camp to see a Lions game in person. Elliot had spent ample time alongside muggles, eating their food, learning to play their musical instruments, even learning their leisure forms of entertainment. "So how do I deal with those kind of people" Elliot asked his father as he smiled back at his son "Well Elliot, that's for you to decide, isn't it? You're going to be fifteen now in a few months and can make your own decisions, but I only ask you look before you leap, okay?" His father said as Elliot nodded. "Oh! Merlin's beard, we must be leaving soon." Elliot's mother said as she looked at her watch. "Elliot, dear, please go upstairs and make sure you haven't forgotten anything." his mother asked him as he nodded and ran upstairs. He looked into his room seeing it mostly clear, his closet was empty as was his dresser, and his book shelf that had contained his books for school was cleared out as well. Elliot looked at his signed poster of Barry Sanders and thought to himself, "no it should stay here," when it occurred to him he had almost forgotten his on earth could he forget such an important item,especially one as unique as this one. "That was almost a disaster." he said to himself as he grabbed a silver lighter from the top of his dresser and clicked the igniter and in a burst of flame and smoke, a wand had appeared in his hand, 12 inches long and a horned serpent horn at its core with stylish silver tree carved into the white aspen wood. His wand was his most prized possession that his father had actually made. As suddenly as it had appeared, with a click of a button at the bottom of the wand and with a puff of smoke and a burst of fire, it had become a small silver lighter again. Elliot, now with his wand in his pocket, set off down stairs again and met his father on the front lawn. The two men put his trunk in the back on an old white Chevy, His father had charmed the trunk so it was much bigger on the inside,so that way he could fit everything in that one chest, just so that it would be easier to move in. After the chest was put in the back, the family drove from their humble farm home to Detroit station. It wasn't much to look at, it was just an old run down structure that was falling apart, or at least to muggles it was. At the entrance, Elliot's father pulled out his wand, tapped the door handle three times, and opened it, revealing hundreds of people going about their business. There were wizards and witches from all over the world. Just the shock and awe from seeing so many walks of life made Elliot smile as he pushed along a cart that housed only his Stoneguards walked together until they found a sign that read "To Ilvermorny. Please have your letters or prof of attendance ready." Elliot reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of