Flashes of thunder could be heard from a distance. The promise of rain was in the heavens as the clouds crashed across the sky like raging seas. A man was standing by his window as he looked outside. A look of familiarity in his sun-gold eyes. He was standing there perfectly erect, the silhouette of his strong figure gently caressed by the dim sunlight that was sinking in grey cotton. His fingers were lightly touching the emrald-green silk draperies. His mind lost in some deep corner of the past. The hum of the rain began as the intricate droplets began sliding on the window pane one by one. He watched as the infinitesimal drop of water slide down and dissipate on the window sill; he was staring at it as if he had seen a thousand moments like this, and was waiting for a thousand more to unfold before his eyes. There was something esoterically mysterious about this man. His eyes carried in them that look of deep reverie - as if he had already lived a hundred lives and was merely awaiting for a hundred more. Watching the world as it evolves itself, and he looks on unchanged and unscathed by time. Like he was some sort of reincarnation of himself. Like a phoenix dying in the ashes only to be reborn again. He was clutching a black fountain pen as he walked back towards his oak-wood desk. He sat in the leather chair and stared at an empty page of his diary. The crisp white page was staring right back at him; somehow awaiting the secrets his pen would reveal. The white paper would become his confidant, his friend, his witness. The year was 1663. The life I came to know was different. The air was fresh and pure, a far cry from the future I have learned to live in. The world was young, and time even younger. Even the sun's rays shoned a different light. The dark seemed to be a million years away. It was a time steeped in rich history. Things were simple and austere. And during those years as I remember them, my eyes were once the colour of the sky. From what the remnants of my human memory shows me, it was a sunny day in May. But despite the jovial rays of the sun and the sweet enticement of summer; inside the manor it was morose and as sombre as ice. My father had scolded me the night before that I needed to be more firmer in my resolve with the tasks he now placed under my care. Despite the absence of a more warmer father figure in my life, I knew he was right. "This is no frivolous game child. The stakes are life or death, and damnation awaits you if you are ever bitten by those evil creatures. They are the hounds from hell, they must be wiped out completely." He would say. My father was slowly becoming weak over time. And the heavy responsibilty of his duty fell into my hands. It was a divine task that I needed to proceed with the utmost care. "Must I tell you again William the dangers of leaving certain locations unsearched?" My father exclaimed as he let out a coughing spell. We were in his bed chambers. The familiar fragile figure in white that rested in the four-poster bed with the maroon eiderdown was there to greet me with an impassive glance. The look in his eyes told me things were far more graver than they seem. The afternoon sun was shining away with the shade of burnt tangerine, a significant sign that dusk would soon take its place. "Yes father. But I assure you, I did make certain that-" "No you did not!" His voice echoed throughout the room as he raised the brass goblet from his nightstand. "We cannot afford such mistakes son. Tis' not your life that will be in danger but all of us here will be at the mercy of those bloodthirsty demons!" He screamed aloud as he slammed the goblet back in its place. The water spilling haphazardly from its mouth, sending little droplets of moisture on the floor. "You will have to do it once more tonight and be thorough with it!" I stood there as I watched his wan countenance wrinkle with anger and vexation. "I wouldn't have made the mistakes you have done." I lowered my eyes to the wooden floor - somehow feeling as If I had been struck. His face softened for a moment only as he looked at me, "I swear you grow to be like your mother everyday." He exasperated wearily. Despite the morbidity of the impending situation. I had to do it. I desperately wanted to be the son he deserved. And somehow deep inside I was hoping by some miracle if it was a sucsses he would be proud of me. And he would look upon my triumph rather than my failures. I did not pretend to be blind to some of his frustrations towards me. There was some inadequacy unknown to me that he kept only to himself. My only prayer for him was that he would become the father I so longed for. The father who speaks to his son with a gentle voice and a benevolent heart. I hoped that this was the chance to break down the barriers between us. To truly know him as not only a man but, as my father. I wanted to know his thoughts of life; his dreams, his ideals and ambitions for me as his son were. The good Lord knows he was the only parent I had left. He was indeed my father but yet I felt as if I had only merely scratched the surface of his true being. My father as I remember him was as enigmatic as a puzzle. The more you tried to solve its conundrum, the more the riddle grew. There were still many facets about him that still remained beyond my comprehension as I grew up under his care. He was the leading Pastor in our Church; a charming man of grace and intelligence, and a man of strong faith. He was gracious and well respected. Yet still a side of him was kept hidden in secrecy. Perhaps my mother's passing caused him to become bitter in a way. Somehow deep inside I could feel he wanted to shun away from the misery of her death and to become numb. Hoping it was a means of escape till he no longer felt the pain of having to lose somone he loved so dearly. There were indeed countless of times when I wanted to know more about her, to know more about the woman who bore me. But I never challenged the fates by asking him such a deep and personal question. I was more fearful of his bark rather than his bite. I still remember that evening clearly. The night of my third raid. The first two had been unsuccessful. I was merely a young lad at that time. No older than approximately the age of 23. The bloom of youth upon my cheeks and the sun in my hair. The dusk had finally descended upon the land. I had spent a large amount of time down in the stables organizing a more proper approach to the raids. The plan needed to be executed with extreme cautiousness and there had to be no fatalities - at least. I had managed to discover a coven of vampires hidden in the city sewers several nights ago. They would have had to come in from the River Thames, and then made their way underneath the city through the canals so no one would ever suspect. They needed the dark, an underground fortress to call their own. And the London sewers was their home. I sat there on the wooden bench by the dim candlelight as I drew a custom-map on a bit of parchment. Carefully and strategically I marked out the danger zones that needed to be searched. I had no intention of allowing a man to enter those marked places unaccompanied. I had spent a good deal of two hours working on that single piece of parchment. Agonizing over the plan multiple times till I was pleased with it. The sound of silverwear being placed on the old wooden table interrupted my thoughts as I watched our servant retreat back inside the kitchen door. I took a sideways glance and could see there was roasted ham and a large loaf of bread, and next to it was goblet of red wine. I hadn't eaten yet, but the thought of food made me feel sick with anxiety. I took in a deep breath and exhaled softly. The scent of hay and moist earth in the air. Just then I felt something breathing onto my neck like hot air. I turned and laughed fondly. I stood from where I sat and patted the large creature. It was my loyal white steed I had named Kaye. He was frightfully large for his age, but had the softest of hearts. I walked over to the table and tore a piece of my bread then gave it to him. He seemed to have nodded in gratitude as he ate it all from my palm in one swift motion. From a distance I could hear the faint roar of horses drawing nearer. They would be coming soon. The men who would assist me in the raid. Two of them my boyhood friends. Dilion and Edgar. Without wasting any moment, I grabbed my saddle that hung on a great iron hook that was located next to the door. I then walked over back to my horse as I began strapping it onto his back. I ajusted the girth and found my fingers were slightly trembling in trepidation at the evening beforehand. The sound of the horses in the distance grew louder. I ajusted my jerkin before donning on my thick cloak over my shoulders; then I placed a chaste kiss on my mother's golden cross before tucking the pendant beneath my clothing. Then finally I slipped on my scabbard that carried my sword. I was ready. The 6 men on their horses were nearing my stable. I could feel the light echo of the concrete beneath my heels as I lead Kaye and myself out to meet them. I watched them coming to a halt as they lined themseleves in front of me. The pale moon was glistening above us as the night city air entered my olfactory. "Where to tonight Carlisle?" The speaker to the left who rode on a brown gelding was a red-headed young man named Thomas. "Tonight we go to the sewers." "The sewers?" The man at the center of our group interrupted. He was the largest one among us and rode on a great black beast almost twice the size of any of our horses. He was very tall and had a beard that covered half his callous face, there was almost a perpetual furrow in his thick brows as he would speak. And his voice was of a giant. "Have you gone mad Carlisle? We're not going there, do you have any idea how many of those things could be hiding underneath the town? do you know how bloody dangerous it is down there-" I stepped forward raising a hand, "I know what the risks are Allcott. In fact we all do." "If we die Carlisle I swear-" "Enough Allcott!" Snapped a man my age with wavy brown hair to the right. He was riding a female gelding as he rode his horse in front of Allcott, somehow trying to placate him. "Enough, I'm sure our young man Carlisle here has a plan." "You're one to talk Clive. If we become like those fiends, I'll be torturing you for the rest of