AN : Hey guys! This is just going to be a fairly short 3 part piece as a little bit of a breather from my main Attack On Titan story I'm working on right now. This is slightly AU and sets an alternative storyline for Malfoy through Deathly Hallows. Also I'd just like to say I completely love Ron and Hermione together but just wanted to write this. In this story Ron and Hermione have a completely platonic relationship. I hope you enjoy. I've rated it M to be safe as there's nothing graphic but there are adult scenes, scenes of torture, language etc. Please feel free to read, review etc. This fic was written listening to: Castle On The Hill – Ed Sheeran. Castle On The Hill. Chapter 1 – Prisoner Malfoy screwed his eyes shut. He didn't want to watch anymore but he could still hear her screams. He wanted to make them stop. What was she doing to her? Malfoy shivered. He didn't want to know. No one deserved to be tortured like that. No one. Especially her. He clenched his fists to stop himself from flying across the room at his deranged aunt. He felt his mother's talons gripping tightly onto his shoulder. Granger was screaming. She was being so brave, she always had been. She was braver than he ever could be. He was a coward. He always had been. If he was any type of decent person he would be trying to stop this from happening. Oh how he wished he could. Oh how he wished he'd been that little bit braver all those years ago. But he wasn't Potter. And he most certainly wasn't Weasley. No matter how much he wanted to be he couldn't. Not ever. He opened his pale grey-blue eyes hesitantly. He clenched his jaw his stomach twisting sickeningly at the sight. Bellatrix was leaning over her caging her beneath her body. She was like a rabbit caught in the jaws of a coyote. Granger had changed since he'd last seen her. She was still just as beautiful with her long, untamed brown mane and warm brown eyes. Those pink flushed cheeks and her pretty upturned nose smattered with freckles were the same as when he'd first met her all those years ago. But now there was a darkness behind her eyes. She'd seen things that she hadn't read about in books. Dark things. She'd matured. She was a woman now as opposed to a girl. Her skinny girlish frame had filled out into that of a woman. Her glassy eyes met his and they looked at him pleadingly. She needed someone to save her. And that would never be him. Not ever. He wasn't a hero. He was a villain. He looked away from her guiltily his guts writhing. She'd always made him feel that way. Granger was the symbol of everything good and right in the world. Everything he wasn't. Everything he was supposed to find repulsive. But it was he that was repulsive. He was nothing compared to her. He couldn't save her. He couldn't even save himself. Potter and Weasley would come up with something. Well, a lot slower without Granger, but they would think of something down there. His eyes trailed along her pale, slender forearm. Her perfect skin had been marked forever. Marked by an ugly, dark word. Mudblood. An ugly word he'd called her what felt like an entire life time ago. He wished he could have taken those words back. But he couldn't. It was too late for forgiveness. He'd wanted to apologise to her so many times but they would only laugh at him. She would only glare at him with that hate filled look she reserved especially for him. He deserved it. He'd been taught to say those awful things. He truly had never meant any of them. He only wished to be accepted by his own father. He wanted him to be proud. Looking at his father now he wondered why he'd ever bothered. He was a ghost. Grey, drinking too much and a husk of his former self. Had he always been so small? Draco's pale blonde hair stood at least half a head above his now. Pathetic. Like father like son. He wished he could have told her all those years ago how he really felt about her. He'd always admired her regardless of what vile words had spilled from his traitorous mouth. She was so smart, brave, fiery, and fearless. She was a hero. No matter how much his words should have stung her she never cried, not in front of him anyway. She was always so stubborn, so stoic. She had a beautiful laugh and a beautiful smile. One that he'd often admired from afar when she was messing about with Potter and Weasley. He hated that they got to see that smile every day up close. He loved the way two small frown lines would appear between her eyes as she concentrated on a book. He loved the way her hair would slowly frizz out around her face like a wispy halo as she stood over her cauldron. He loved the determined fire he'd seen in her eyes right before she'd burst his nose in third year. He loved everything about her. He'd given up trying to deny that long ago. He wished he'd been brave enough to say those things out loud. Been brave enough not to care what his 'friends' or family would think about his feelings. He wished that things were different. That he was a different guy. He wished he wasn't a pure-blood, not a Malfoy, not a – death eater, it wouldn't matter. He could have loved her. If he'd been a better, more whole person he could have treated her right if she'd let him. But it was too late to think on that now. He was ugly and broken and the whole world was going to shit. Stupid Potter leading her to this awful place he called home. He'd tried to cover for the idiot. He'd inwardly pleaded for Bellatrix to let them go. But Bella would never give up so easily. He heard a crack and little Dobby appeared with Potter and Weasley. He physically felt himself relax and sigh with relief. Good. They were here to rescue her to take her away from this awful place. Curses started to fly around the room. Draco dodged and half heartedly fired off a few in Potter's direction. He made his way closer to Hermione she was struggling to get to her feet. He held out his hand to her in the darkness and she looked him with a fearful, confused expression. "Look Granger. Let's put all that playground shit behind us right now. There's a war going on. Let's get you out of here." He said quickly as he hauled her to her feet without waiting for her to answer. He watched her brown eyes widen like orbs. He dropped her hand quickly. Her fingers were so warm and slender against his cool palm. He felt little volts of electricity travelling all over his body just from that simple touch. Well Draco, at least you finally had the balls to hold her hand before you died. Even if it meant nothing to her it, it meant everything to him. He pushed her gently over to Harry dodging curses and getting into a duel with Potter as he left her side. He wished he was going with them instead of staying in this place with these…'people'. Potter disarmed him and took his wand. He sighed. He'd given up. He didn't want to fight. He had nothing left. No pride, no integrity, no strength, no love in his heart. Hermione was watching him. She'd never looked at him like that before. There was something else in her eyes that wasn't hate. In the middle of a battleground he felt his heart beat strongly in his chest. She was the reason he even felt barely alive. His pulse raced as she watched him as if trying to break him apart. Like a potion she was trying to find the components for. She was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. Would ever see. Be safe Granger. Protect her well Potter and Weasley. Protect her like I would if I could. Her eyes softened on him and he wondered what she was thinking in that moment. Then their moment was broken. Just before they disapparated with Dobby, Bellatrix lurched forwards and grabbed Hermione. No. Hermione winced in pain as Bella's fingernails dug into the raw flesh on her arm. Her thumbnail scarred a half moon above the 'M' of Mudblood. Draco wanted to kill his aunt. But he wasn't a hero. So he slunk back to the shadows helplessly as he watched Potter, Weasley, Lovegood, Griphook and Ollivander blurring as they disapparted. Bellatrix flung Hermione to the floor. She still wasn't crying. Her lip was bleeding. He hated seeing her like this. She was going to die. And he would have to watch. His heart sank. He felt sick. "Draco…why don't you take our new little pet down to the dungeon. They'll be back for her. And we'll be ready." She said with her dark, wicked grin. Malfoy tried to keep a cool head even though his heart was racing. Please don't make him do anything to her he pleaded. "And if he doesn't come back?" Asked Lucius as his fingers shook around his goblet. Bellatrix smirked. "He will. Little Potter's got a soft spot for this one. Pretty for a little mudblood." She said as she grabbed Hermione's jaw roughly. Hermione squirmed as she sat on the floor as Bellatrix leant over her. She looked up at her with a defiant fire in her eyes. Draco had to fight a smile as he watched Bellatrix shrink back slightly. That's it Granger. Don't give up yet. He felt a twinge at the mention of Harry. It was true him and Weasley were closest to her and by now one of them was probably dating her if they had any sense. He envied them. Hermione wasn't meant for him. She was good and whole. This was the way it should be. But it still hurt to think of her with someone else. He really was pathetic. As if she'd even think of you for a second, unless it was to hate you. Lucius coughed urgently and looked between Draco and Hermione pointedly. Malfoy nodded as his heart raced. Make it convincing. Make it look like you're hurting her but be gentle. He walked over to her with that perfectly practised cool sneer. She was burning through the ice in his eyes with her wild fire. He grabbed the top of her arm careful not to grip too tightly and hauled her to her feet. She was struggling against him and Draco tried to communicate with his eyes. Come on Granger use your head. I don't want to hurt you. He watched her eyes widen slightly. That look again. "Maybe you can get her to spill a few secrets Draco. She is an old school chum of yours isn't she?" Said Bellatrix with a scheming smile. Draco froze. No. He wouldn't hurt her. He turned to her and nodded quickly before he led Hermione down the stairs. Her squirms were getting stronger and he was losing his grip on her. "Get off me Malfoy!" She shouted as she wrenched her arm free. She ran from him. Malfoy smiled darkly. See. All she'll ever want to do is run from you. You did that. She already ran from you once you pathetic excuse for a human being. He caught up to her quickly and grabbed her wrists pressing her against the wall. She stared up at him defiant and breathless. She was too beautiful this close. He couldn't even think straight. He could smell