Cold, wet and dull. That's British weather for you. Although I must admit, the temperature has increased a bit and I thank the polluting gas of carbon dioxide for that. It's sad how little activity people do about the environment. People are aware of the harm we are doing to the earth, they care, but they do nothing about it. They just sit there waiting for a miracle to happen. Well, to be quite frank, the miracle is up to us. So here I am, waiting for this stupid bus to arrive so that I can go to school. First day of Year 11 and it's already looking tedious. At least the bus shelter is keeping my hair dry. It took a long time to curl it and I'm not going to pleased if it gets wet and goes back to being the dead straight natural thing it is. To make matters worse, I have forgotten my umbrella so I have to use my black blazer to keep my head dry when I have to walk the rest of the way to school. I looked at the electronic timetable for the buses and saw that my bus was due. Finally. I looked to my left and see this guy who was wearing the same school uniform as me. I couldn't really see his face as it was raining and he was a little distant from me, but I knew he was soaked as he had no protection from the rain. Call me sadistic, but I chuckled when I realised that he would have to chase Olympic Gold in order to catch the bus. Talking about the bus, I could finally see it's red metal as it crested the hill. I looked at the boy and saw that his head shot up as the bus past him and just as I predicted, he ran. Unfortunately for him it was a little too late. I got on the bus and looked behind through the window as the bus started to move and I saw that he put his hands behind his head as he slowed down. I know the feeling. I still didn't get to see his face clearly and I figured that he must be new as no one from my school goes to my bus stop. "Oh my god hiiiiiii!" Alice plunged herself into my arms. I started laughing. "Hey," I replied. We released each other and grinned. "So how was my best friends summer holiday?" She asked. "Good, good. Barely done anything. Too much is expected from summer you know." Me and Alice have been friends since primary school. We're the two gang group. Hanging in big crowds is too much for me. It's loud and you have backstabbing people who you call your 'friends'. This is why big groups have more fights than smaller ones. "How was Morocco?" I asked. "Dude, it was like the best. The guys there are just something else" she vocalised. "Sexy?" "Very." I laughed as I shook my head. "Did you meet anyone?" I quizzed. "Nah. I just mainly gawked at the beauty the guys there presented." "Nice," "There's a new guy starting today. Apparently his name is Edward and he is going to be in our form," "Well let's hope he's attractive because this school needs more good looking guys to perv over," I joked. "I call dibs." she announced as her hand shot in the air. "pfft." Alice is pretty. She is almost the same height as me. I'm five foot two and a half whilst Alice is just a few cm's shorter than me. She has long blonde hair and stunning blue eyes and a petite figure. She's had a few boyfriends here and there but they were nothing serious. As for me, I'd like to stay out of that area of relationships. I'm more focused on education rather than wasting my time on a guy who is more focused on my physical appearance. That's school love for you. "Alright class. Hope you all had a wonderful summer but now it's time for you to sit down and be serious. This is your last year at secondary school. The most important year of your time here at Forks School" Mrs Bradley bragged on about how serious we should get and not to mess around in class anymore. She also put us through a morale boosting pep talk too as well as handing out our new planners, making sure we were equipped for lessons and that our uniform was perfect. The whole uniform thing annoys me. Let us wear uniform, that's fine, but don't strip away our personality. This whole 'don't dye your hair' 'don't wear nail varnish' 'don't wear bracelets' 'don't have piercings on your face' is just inadequate. I'm sorry, but how do these things effect my education? "Mrs Bradley, I heard someone say that a new boy is coming in our form," Tanya said when the class was quiet. Mrs Bradley checked her watch and rolled her eyes. "Typical." she muttered under her breath. "It looks like he's seven minutes late." She answered. "What's his name?" someone else shouted. "Edward." So Edward became a good topic to talk about in the class for a few minutes. The girls debating on how good he'll look and the guys wondering if he's good at football. Time seemed to be going so slowly. Me and Alice aren't allowed to sit next to each other because of our constant chatting that Mrs Bradley gets annoyed with, but she still likes us despite that. I sit by myself at the back of the classroom, all isolated at the side, but it's good because I can eavesdrop on peoples conversations which is bad, I know, but it's so interesting. Five minutes before the bell went there was a knock on the door and everyone went silent. The door opened and there he stood. Edward. He was absolutely drenched because of the heavy rain and he looked exhausted. This boy looked like a tumblr boy. It like someone got him out of social network and stuck him right in front of me. He looked like he was six foot tall and heck the wetness of his white school shirt gave me the perfect insight of his body. Lean but muscular. My eyes slowly made it's way back to his god like face. His brown tousled hair glistened as small rain droplets hung for dear life at the ends of his spiky hair that pointed in all directions. His green eyes sparkled in the light as he ran his fingers through his wet hair. He licked his kissable pink lips and then I noticed how amazing his jawline was. A strong musky smell lingered off of him that surrounded the room and I couldn't stop myself from smelling him. "Sorry that I'm late. Missed the bus." His strong British accent rolled smoothly off his tongue and I died a little when I heard his velvety voice. "I'm going to let you off because it's your first day here, but next time, please don't be late." Mrs Bradley said. "Yes ma'am" He replied as he awkwardly looked to the floor. "You are absolutely drenched darling." She said to him. He chuckled. "Yeah, I forgot my umbrella at home unfortunately." "Maybe you should go to the toilets and dry yourself up by using the hand dryers. Find me after you're done so I can give you the stuff you need," "Okay, thanks." He said as he walked out of the room. As soon as the door shut the whispering flooded in. "Holy shit he is fucking gorgeous," I heard one of the girls say. "I want him." "Bitch, he's mine." I looked at Alice who was across the room at the front of the classroom in which he stood at. She was looking at me and she mouthed the word 'wow' to me so I mouthed back 'I know'. The bell rang and we all got up and went out of form to our first class of the day which was our GCSE lesson. "He. Is. Fucking. Sexy." Alice expressed. "I think everyone found him sexy," I replied. "I hope his personality doesn't ruin that though," She said. "True. A pretty face with a dumb personality instantly makes them ugly." I rationalised. Alice nodded her head in agreement. "See you later," she said as she skipped to her catering class. My lesson was history and I was disappointed to see that Edward wasn't in my class. But I'm glad because he is way too much of a distraction for me. I probably won't take my eyes off him. My lessons dragged on and I caught up with a few familiar faces. He wasn't in my maths or english class either. That meant two things. Because I am in set two for both of those subjects, he is either smarter than me by being in the top class or dumber than me. There's always going to be people who are smarter and dumber than you. Every class I went to were all talking about Edward. The girls saying how hot and flawless he is and the guys either envying him or liking him because he was sporty. From the information I gathered from the people who have already met Edward and have talked to him, he loves football and basketball and is a regular gym goer. He also doesn't have a type and moved school because he didn't like his school and when they asked him why, he wouldn't answer. He is very charming and amiable, a social butterfly that isn't very open about revealing information about himself. What surprised people was that Edward didn't hang around with the popular group at break. He stayed with the quiet and smart boy group. This gave me the impression of him being very intelligent. A guy with looks and brains. Now you don't see that everyday. Before I knew it, it was time for lunch. "Mmm, macaroni and chesse. The only thing I will ever miss when we leave school is this." Alice pointed to her food. I chuckled as I stabbed my jacket potato with my fork. "Everyone's been talking about the new guy." I said. "Well duh! He's perfect!" Just then Edward walked through the canteen doors with Jasper and Emmett. Two guys I get on really well with. The whole canteen erupted with whispers and giggles. All eyes were on him as he walked up to the que and got his food. He looked incredibly uncomfortable. He said something to Jasper and Emmett and they nodded and all walked out the canteen. There was something so much more to Edward than meets the eye. I thought that he would be an asshole because he was attractive, but I was wrong. That just proves to never judge a book by it's cover. "Is he in any of your classes?" I asked. "He's just in my english. He got put next to Tanya who was recklessly flirting with him." Tanya is a confident girl who gets along with everyone, but there's just something about her that infiltrates me. She hasn't done anything to me but her presence just annoys me and I don't know why. She's an average looking girl with light brown hair and brown eyes. She's described as being really nice, but there's just something evil about her to me. Alice is also in top set english so my accusation of him being smart was correct. "I think he's in your next lesson," she announced. "Science?" "Yep. He's in top set for everything so far so I wouldn't be surprised if he's in top set science with you" she put forth. I bit my lower lip. There's only one seat left in our science class and that seat is right opposite me on my table. I gulped. This is so great. I am going to make a fool