A/N: Disclaimer: I think that everyone knows I didn't write Harry Potter . The real disclaimer is to not make poor choices like my characters. Happy reading! September first, 1993 was a date that I would never forget: I was boarding the train to Hogwarts for the very last time. Just one more year full of hellish students and biased favoritism and I would be off to begin a bonafide, magical career. I just knew that a better life with more opportunities would be awaiting me upon graduation. I lugged my bottomless suitcase down the corridor, watching the First Years mill about with terrified looks on their faces. Why did they feel the need to shuffle like chickens with their heads cut off? There was no need to rush with such a long ride ahead of us. "Cyn!" called a voice. I cursed and kept walking, hoping that some of the taller First Years might cover me. Luckily, I reached our designated compartment and shoved myself inside. "You look like you've seen a ghost," my best friend, Erika Vanders, said. She always knew what was bothering me before anyone else. "Close enough. Percy Weasley won't leave me the bloody hell alone." Percy had acted as if he was romantically interested in me for all of Sixth Year, but then perhaps he realized that I was nowhere near as intelligent or pushy as him and decided he was only attracted enough to me to bother me at every opportunity presented to him. "You're a Slytherin, anyway," said my other mate, Darlene. She was sitting on her boyfriend's (a Hufflepuff) lap. I did not remember his name, and he appeared to fear me on principle. Therefore, we were in mutual agreement to pretend the other did not exist. "Exactly. I don't want anything to do with the prat." "Chocolate frog?" Spencer offered. He hung out within our group, always off doing whatever Spencer did, but today he was deciding to be nice. "Always. Cheers to Seventh Year!" I tore open my frog. Gerald, who sat across from me, nodded in approval. Gerald was a quiet Ravenclaw, which was nice because every other member of our group would never shut up enough to let me speak. "Don't be so happy," Spencer said. "We still have another year of hell to get through and then we're both going to die alone, so we have that to look forward to." "Yes, another year where everyone hates us. I just love being a Slytherin." "We know how much you love it!" Darlene giggled. "At least the hatred is mutual." We passed a few moments in silence before continuing into our usual mode of conversation. Spencer was thrilled to be seeing several Ravenclaw boys whom he had secret crushes on, Erika was angry about one person or another, and Darlene hoped there would be some improvement upon the teacher and student interaction of Hogwarts. I remained quiet, knowing there was no hope to be had in any department. "I just want to get through this year without dying," Gerald said. I nodded in assent. We had more than Sirius Black to worry about. I mean, we were millenials. There was suddenly a sharp knock on the door, as if whoever was outside of it was frantic to have us open it. I cussed, knowing who would be on the other side. I whipped out my wand, half joking but mostly serious. "Get away, you annoying Blood Trai-" The door was opened to reveal someone who juxtaposed Weasley in every way imaginable. I froze and Darlene laughed at me. "Have any of you seen Harry Potter?" the man asked, his hair blowing in his eyes so that his identity was hidden. "No," Erika said, "but we could help you find him." No, Erika, what were you talking about? Why should we care about Potter's whereabouts? What was he, twelve this year? "No, that's all right." And with that introduction, the door was slammed and he was gone. "What the bloody hell was that about?" I asked. "Something isn't right," Spencer said. "Perhaps we should go tell someone a random man was looking for Potter." "Ooh, maybe it was You-Know-Who!" I exclaimed shrilly. I ran about the compartment, hyper from the sugar and restless from the train ride. "Sound the alarm! Stop the train! Find the brakes!" I fell over laughing, everyone but the Hufflepuff and Spencer snickering. "You're incorrigible—" I got up to give him a piece of my mind when the train suddenly jolted to an abrupt halt. My body fell back against the seat. The lights flickered and there was a screeching of the brakes on the tracks. Between the lights going on and off, I caught a glimpse of the widened eyes of my friends. What was happening? Erika grabbed my hand, while Spencer began pacing. Darlene buried her neck into the Hufflepuff, while Gerald looked down at the unopened chocolate frogs in his hands. It was truly a pathetic sight. When the windows began fogging up, I reached for the door. Spencer stopped me by bracing his hand on my wrist, his own cold as ice. An existential dread settled upon us. The beginning of our Seventh Year was starting with this eerie experience. Perhaps the whole year was doomed to be terrible. Just as Spencer said, I would suffer another ten months in a place that was prejudiced against our House, where teachers and students alike hated me, before heading out into a world that hated us even more. What if I had a hard time finding a job because of my House? What if I spent the rest of my life alone and passionless in love and in my career? The lights came back on. Erika wiped tears away from her eyes and I laughed nervously. What was she carrying on about? "What the fuck was that?" Gerald asked. "It was Dementors, of course," said Spencer. "Lockhart never mentioned Dementors before," Darlene said. "Well, I do extra reading instead of snogging boys!" "We realize you're just jealous," Erika pointed out. Spencer rolled his eyes and swayed his hips at her. "What are Dementors?" I asked him. "They are, of course, bloodsucking demons that suck out all happiness from a room. They are used to suck out the souls of prisoners in Azkaban and any other unsuspecting person they might prey upon. Too bad they'd never be able to get me!" "Is there any counterspell?" "Ha, you're funny. If there was a cure to my own depression, don't you think I'd be better by now?" "Gerald, do you mind passing me some chocolate? I'm craving it." We passed quietly into Hogwarts, unable to enjoy the last time we would ever approach the castle together. There were hushed conversations all around us, but no one was bold enough to directly bring up what had happened on the train. The First Years must have been utterly terrified. The Slytherin sadist in me was amused by it. A little "Dementor" scare was nothing in comparison to what I had been through during my years at Hogwarts. Although I might not have nearly died like Potter, I had my fair share of unfortunate events. We walked into the Great Hall. For the first time in seven years, it was almost silent. I bid goodbye to my Ravenclaw mates and headed towards the Slytherin table with Spencer. Since there were not many people who liked me there and not many whom I liked in return, I sat towards the end. Spencer settled alone on the opposite end, and I felt alone and as scared as a First Year. But of course, I sat up straight and glared every fellow House member in the eye as they sat down. Dumbledore managed to be cheery as he made a positive albeit serious introduction to the First Years. I could not bring myself to enjoy the last Sorting that I would ever witness because it was exquisitely boring. Who needed a hat, when it was clear where everyone was going to be placed? Confident and popular? You must be a Gryffindor. (Gag and bound me.) Aesthetic yet attentive? Ravenclaw. Awkward and relaxed? Hufflepuff. Intense and all business? Slytherin. I was more than proud to be in Slytherin, but I felt that most of my peers had forgotten why they were placed in the House. Yes, we do have a tendency to put others down in order to further ourselves. But there is a difference between doing that and being a condescending bully, which is why we have a bad name. We were the most likely to be successful because we had the most ambition. Why do we have the most infamous professions? Because good or bad, we are successful in everything that we put our minds to. "I'd like to introduce our new Professor of Defense Against the Dark Arts, Remus Lupin," Dumbledore said. I looked up from my empty plate, not applauding because I wanted my dinner. Oh, so Lupin was the person we had encountered on the train. Well, nothing could be worse than Quirrel and no one could be stupider than Lockhart, so I supposed this was just another professor to get through. I hoped the pain would be short-lived. It was too bad that we had a new teacher every year who was incompetent, because I actually enjoyed the subject. Delving into my dinner, I finished quickly so I could go sit at the Ravenclaw table. Just as I plopped down on my seat, Weasley decided to come where he was not wanted. "Now, as you all know, I'm Head Boy this year. So I'm going around all the tables and having everyone sign this petition. This will allow us to have a stress-free term where everyone can better get to know their peers and—" "Chances are, if I don't know you already, there's a reason," Erika said. "No offense, Percy." "Actually, offense," I said, ripping the parchment from his hand and scribbling my signature on it so he would leave. "How was your summer, Cynthia?" "Wonderful. I wasn't here. Yours?" "I had a great summer, but I'm looking forward to the educational privileges of the school year." I rolled my eyes. "You are such a painful individual." "I'll see you in class. Remember, if you're struggling in Ancient Runes again, study up, because it's a very important subject employers are looking for in future positions!" "That's why I'm not taking it," I deadpanned. "You really should if you want a good job. Well, I'm off to another table! Catch you all later!" "Hold me back or I'll hex him," I said through gritted teeth. "I don't think he means it like you're thinking," Erika said. "I don't care what he means. He's a pretentious arse." Erika, who was not mean towards anyone, grimaced before spoon-feeding me some pudding. "So, what do you think about the new DADA professor?" Darlene asked us. "I don't think he's a total screw-up, but we won't know until we hit the books," I replied. "I think he's going to be good," Erika said. "I just have a feeling. And I've never been wrong before." We looked at her twice. "I mean, my feelings haven't!" "He's manageable," Gerald said. "Unlike Lockhart, anyway." "Who every bloody girl wanted to bone," I said sarcastically, since I was not one of them. "What do you think, Darlene?" "The only way we can go is up." "Well, we've been proven wrong before." For some reason, I could not get to sleep. Perhaps it was the anxiety from beginning a new school year or the fact that this would be my last before heading out into the real world. I skipped out on breakfast the following morning to get some extra rest. Erika was kind enough to send me an Owl asking where I was. Perhaps today would not be so bad with my friends on my