Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns the rights to her respective characters and plot line; I just use them as I wish. Life had never been easy for me. Granted, I was raised from infancy by a wealthy family of otherworldly immortals – vampires, as Emmett loved to point out – and, as a vampire-human hybrid, I was also lucky to strive within the immortal world. That was where my luck started, and ended. As a hybrid, my family of well-to-do vampires were in constant danger of keeping my existence a secret. Discovered as a day-old infant in the woods by their Canadian mansion fifteen years ago, they had taken me in and cared for me graciously, always waiting for the day my maker would appear. But, as the years had flown by, it became clear that no one was coming for me. They were safe to raise me as their own – so long as my livelihood was kept under wraps. Susceptible to blood thirst as vampires were, it had been crucial for the Cullens to keep me from the spotlight of the human world up until maturity had caught up with me. I was a mere seven in human years when I had reached the potential that my siblings had. I could now be viewed as a teenager to the outside world; striking and eager to learn the ways of the humans. Alice had taken it upon herself to accompany Esme and Carlisle in any outings, to ensure no danger fell upon us, while Edward, my constant companion and closest ally through it all was effective as a watch-out. Listening in to the thousands of thoughts surrounding us in a day combined with the near constant checking of the future had allowed my overprotective and overly-generous adoptive parents to let me off the tight leash they had reared me on. And what a world it was when they finally had. I couldn't get enough of it despite the constant reminder that I must keep myself hidden; keep myself closed off from forming strong bonds with the humans. It was easier, almost, for my five siblings to fight away the constant suspicions and judgements of the humans. They were all too different and most tended to stay away before they even had a chance to determine just exactly what that difference was . For me, on the other hand, I was too like them, too humanized and less intimidating to approach. It was easier for the humans to discover the secrets I held because they were simply less frightened of me. My human side appealed to their senses and escaped their instinctive warnings so much so that I could accidentally slip up and reveal something they should not know or see. Like my increased speed, my advanced strength, my quick growth… Really, in retrospect, I was quite lucky compared to my siblings and parents in the sense that I could just be . I didn't need to be careful with the way I spoke to the humans or looked at the humans or moved around the humans for they were not eternally petrified of me. I could just be , and yet my floundering sense of humanity strangled inside of a teenaged girl's body told me the one reality I desperately thought to be true: my life was hard . My siblings and parents needed to hide their true identities from the humans, while I needed to hide my self – my very existence – from nearly every creature, living and dead. Humans, vampires, shapeshifters… The world was not meant for hybrids and my robust, moody, adolescent mind knew that all too well. But, most importantly, my life was hard because I couldn't do what I wanted. To be a normal teenager; to enroll in the local high school and have rebellious friend; to cut classes and skip out on homework and learn from my mistakes; to study hard and move onto college; to make something of myself that was more than just the hushed existence that I lived now. I wanted to be real . I wanted to be human , and the worst part was that each of my siblings could experience such emotions while I was restrained to the house. Even now, as I listened in at the study door of my beloved father, discussing my recent fit with my adoring mother about my desire to attend school with the rest of my siblings, I had a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach that life was about to get even harder. For what was I to do during my endlessly open days? Ear against the old oak wood door, I listened in as closely as I could, catching phrases and words here and there. "… hasn't aged in two years…" and "growth spurt" and "…be able to convince…?" were just some of the highlights I had been hearing for the past twenty minutes. Really, it was terribly difficult to live in a household where everyone could speak quieter than my advanced hearing could pick up. A normal human whisper would have been no problem, but vampires could reach notes that were soundless to anyone listening. Esme and Carlisle's words were too soft and muted to really give me a fair idea of whether I had swayed their opinion, though, in reality, a tantrum like the one I had thrown earlier in the night would have never swayed an opinion other than an eyeroll and a stern talking to – "What are you doing?" The whispered voice of my boisterous older brother, Emmett, interrupted my spying and I turned to glare up at him, his stature making it so that he hovered over me by a foot and a half. His entire body encompassed me in his shadow and I now stood in the dark of the doorway. The voices on the other end grew quieter and may have even halted altogether. They were impossible to hear, now. "Thanks, Em," I whispered sarcastically. He shot me a wide-eyed, unashamed glance, clearly lost in the reason for my immediate annoyance. But he had been there ; he should know . And the raise of his eyebrows as he glanced from the closed door to me told me that he did know, and was beginning to realize just why I was huddled before the closed door of Carlisle's study. "You know what they say about eavesdroppers, don't you?" he denoted with a devilish grin that showed off his dimples. I rolled my eyes, not willing to go along with his jabs. Emmett was not fun to be around when in a certain ornery mood; he tended to egg on a reaction. "I'm just trying to hear if they're going to let me go to school next year," I hissed and turned my attention back to the door at hand. "And you're not making that any easier," I chastised as I pressed my ear back to the door. Carlisle and Esme were deathly quiet now which meant they had either taken their conversation elsewhere, where in the habit of speaking below listening range, or had given up the farce to listen to Emmett and I banter. I was betting on the second option and was proven correct when Emmett grabbed onto my arm, albeit a tad roughly, and pulled me out of the way. "Let me listen," he whispered and, like a child excited for the notion of salacious gossip, ducked to press his ear to the door as I had. I stood, arms crossed, foot prevented from tapping as I stared at his curly black hair. His eyes were wide as he listened and full of excitement and I knew involving him had been a mistake. Emmett loved to increase drama. But, as he pulled away, he only shot me a tentative smile and shrugged. "Seems it could go either way, kid." I groaned. "What are they saying? Is Esme at least fighting for me? Do you think they are going to reach an outcome tonight?" The questions could have continued but Emmett pressed his finger to his lips, shushing me harshly. "They can definitely hear you, first of all," he quipped and I pressed my lips together. No need to make matters worse. "And second, it doesn't sound like either of them are for…or against you going. I think they are just weighing the pros and cons." "Pros and cons?!" I cried a little too loudly and moved to push Emmett out of the way. "Here's a pro," I insisted harshly, toning down my voice a hint, "I actually get to do something with my life instead of wasting away here !" Emmett chuckled at my dramatics and then called out with an angry, " Hey! " as I tried to push him out of the way so I could go back to listening. "You need to learn some manners , kid," he teased and, normally, I'd apologize unwillingly and everything would be fine, but tonight I was at my wits end. "Bite me," I grumbled and, after a bit more of a struggle, managed to shoulder him to the side just enough so that I could listen in as well. Silence. There was no use to listening anymore and I knew that my growing irritation would only harden their case even more, so I stood back and crossed my arms, deciding to wait out the conversation in my own stewing irritation. Emmett found this to be hilarious as he switched between grinning in amusement at my peeved positioning, and listening in at the door. Despite his overbearing annoyingness , he was actually quite helpful when he needed to be. Finally, after what felt like hours , he put up a hand. "They're bringing Edward into this now," he whispered quietly and I felt a spark of hope settle over me. If the decision was up to Edward, if he was the tie breaker, he would undoubtedly agree to let me do what I wanted. We had talked in depth about my enrolling in high school, and he thought it was a brilliant idea – given that he was there with me which, seeing as we had practically been attached at the hip since my arrival, was a no brainer. Emmett looked up from the door suddenly, a panicked and guilty look upon his cherubic face before he bolted around me, whispering, "They're coming!" in a rather loud voice. I knew it was my cue from him to ditch as he had, but I felt I could not waste what may be my last, for another decade or so, opportunity and so I stayed planted where I was, five feet in front of the study. When the door opened, I launched into my pre-rehearsed and probably tired argument, watching Esme and Carlisle's eyes go from amused, to annoyed, back to amused. "My aging has slowed, while my desire for knowledge has not – Carlisle, you of all people should be ecstatic with my wish to attend school – and I am willing to put in the time and effort to do well in my courses while maintaining the secret of my existence. I'll be just a normal teenager to all the humans and they will think nothing of me. Alice and Edward will be graduating this year and, what with none of the others enrolled in college, I request that we move somewhere else so that I can also start school. Carlisle, you yourself said that leaving the hospital next year would not put a damper on your coworkers and Esme has said many times that she'd like to travel somewhere else for a change. Edward has already agreed to share all of my classes with me, so, in conclusion, I believe that I have a right to demand an education outside of Esme's homeschooling – sorry, Esme – and I think, no I know I am ready