Chapter One The first sign of trouble was the rumble. Looking out my window, I could not see anything but the moon through the trees. The sky was bright, clear and stars dotted it like tiny flames. Shaking my head, I returned to my bed. As I lifted a foot, I felt a vibration coming through the floor. Did Maine have earthquakes ? My heart increased its beat. I hate earthquakes . I became aware of a far off grumbling noise, which was getting louder by the second. I left my room as the vibrating in the floor increased. "Karen!" I screamed, running for her room. She met me in the hall. "What the hell?" Karen said, her face cloudy with sleep. "Lisa, what's going on?" "Earthquake!" I was beginning to panic. Running into the great room I tried to find a big enough piece of furniture to fit my fat ass under. The grumbling became a growl and was thunderous. Crying, Karen grabbed for me the same time I reached out to grab her. We stood screaming in the center of the room clinging to one another as the entire cabin shook. "I love you!" I cried, "Thanks for being my friend!" Positive we were about to be consumed by the very earth itself as the lights winked out. "I love you too! You are my sister to the end!" Karen sobbed into my shoulder. After what seemed like ages, the growl sighed down to a grumble again and finally stopped. We stood still, listening; the only sound, our sniffles. "We are alive, right?" Karen said pulling away to stand shaking a few feet away. "I think so. God I hate fucking earthquakes." I said quivering all over. "I don't think that was an earthquake, Lisa. I think that was an avalanche." Karen looked around, the only light coming from the fire in the fireplace. I snorted, "It can't be an avalanche. I mean… It can't be…right?" Walking to the large window that looked back up the mountain. There was no light coming through. All I could see was glittering blankness. "OH SHIT!" Turning I ran for my room while Karen sprinted to hers. I flung the curtain back. Blankness again. "Mother fucker!" I yelled, getting pissed. I survived an avalanche only to be buried alive under it? Hell fucking no! I ran out of my room. Karen came out of hers, crying again. "Mine's covered, and I heard you. Let's check the front." We held hands as we walked to the front door, neither of us really wanting to open it. I stretched out my hand; it was shaking uncontrollably. Grabbing the knob, I turned it, yanking it open. The porch was dark. I could see nothing. Reaching for the light switch, I flipped it. Nervously laughing when there was no response, "No power." Karen went to the table next to the door, retrieving the flashlight. Turning it on, she aimed its beam out the door. The light bounced off the snow, in a thousand little sparkles. I walked out onto the porch. Looking up at the edge of the roof, I found I could not see the sky. The cabin was completely buried. We were screwed. Turning back to Karen as terror seized my heart. "Kar, we can't get out!" I flew back into the house, slamming the door. "Oh my god! We're trapped here!" Karen began to cry again. We wandered back into the great room to sink to the floor, the fire illuminating us in its soft glow. We cried. Sometimes we'd get up run for a window and double check, only come back to fling ourselves back onto the floor. After a while, our hysterics calmed. The fire crackled in the hearth with Karen and I huddling close to it. It had been two hours since the avalanche. Karen made a sniffling sound next to me. Trying to be strong I put my arm around her, "Honey, we survived! They will find us!" "No one is gonna come looking for me." She said in a small voice. I rolled my eyes. Ok, enough of the pity party for both of us . Time to take charge and do what we could do. Watching the fire for a moment I realized it had never gone out. "Karen! The fire! It never went out!" Karen looked at the fire. "What?" she asked distracted. "There is no smoke coming back into the cabin either!" I grinned at her, "You know what that means?" Her expression was blank as she looked at me. "The chimney is above the snow! The rescue teams can see the smoke from the cabin!" I was excited. This was great! Scanning our wood stockpile, I did some quick mental calculations. "We have about 24 hours of straight fire with the wood we brought in. So we need to keep the fire burning." "I'm going to go get dressed, ok. Don't want any hunky rescue men seeing me in my night shirt." She went off to her room. I grinned, yeah she had a good idea . Rising I went to dress myself. We met back in the great room a few minutes later. Karen had something in her hands. "What's that?" I asked her. She shrugged, "Well if we have to wait, I figured a game of cards?" She said showing me the deck. "You up for one?" "Hell yeah!" Pulling the coffee table so it was in front of the fire, we were soon laughing and trading insults over the game. We were so involved we didn't hear the soft scraping near the door. "There!" Legolas pointed toward a copse of trees near the edge of the snow slide. He could see a faint wisp of smoke rising from the snow. He began moving over the snow toward it, walking easily on the crust. His footsteps not even making impressions in the snow. He heard a curse behind him. Turning to see Aragorn, who had fallen through the crust again, struggling to get back up. Legolas walked back to his friend. "Aragorn, do you want me to go on ahead and begin digging them out?" Aragorn swore loudly, falling back into the snow. Looking up at his friend, he made an exasperated face. "You had better; I will be a while making my way to them and we must make haste." Gandalf had told them whatever changes they made to this world would disappear as soon as they stepped back through the portal. He had said an incantation over them just moments before they had come to this world. Legolas turned to run lightly over the snow toward the smoke. Stopping when he reached it, looking up and then down the mountain, trying to judge the best way to dig them out. He remembered from watching the cabin last night that the door faced down the mountain. He paced out to where he thought the edge of the roof was, and using the shovel that he had "borrowed", began to dig. He dug at a fast pace, wanting to be sure they reached the women before the other humans began combing the mountain for survivors. Aragorn arrived a short while later. Dropping down in the sizable hole Legolas had already created, he took out his own purloined shovel. Soon they reached the edge of the porch roof; the snow had not packed underneath it because of its position, so they were able to knock a gap in the snow to slide through. When they created the portal back to Middle-Earth, the snow they dug out would instantly be back in place. The only difference would be that the occupants of the cabin would be gone. Aragorn felt a twinge of guilt; the rescuers would dig in, find the cabin empty and the women would be searched for but never found. He touched the Elf's shoulder, "I will go first. I think even though Gandalf swears that the people here are aware of Elves, after a fright like this avalanche, an Elf would be too much for any woman!" Legolas laughed, nodding. Sliding down through the gap, Aragorn landed lightly on the porch. Legolas following quickly behind. "Legolas, be ready for anything." "Yes, let us go." Aragorn stepped forward to grab the doorknob. Turning it silently he pushed the door open enough so he could see into the cabin. It was dark, the only illumination coming from the fire in the hearth. That is when he saw them. There was a blonde woman sitting on the floor facing him. Her hair pulled back into a knot at her neck. Between her and them was another woman sitting with her back to them. She had red hair pulled back into a ponytail. They were not at all what Aragorn was expecting. For one thing they were… well… rather large. He didn't know exactly what he had expected, but these were supposedly the women who Elrond had seen. Legolas looked into the room over Aragorn's shoulder, his eyes taking in the women, their size and the fact that they were playing a game of cards. He looked closer at the blonde one, whose face he could see clearly. She had an oval face, a straight nose, and a sensuous mouth. She was looking intently at her cards through spectacles when she suddenly smiled. He felt his heart skip a beat as his breath caught in his throat. That smile… Those eyes… How could it be her? The woman from his dreams? Aragorn pulled back out onto the porch pushing Legolas back so the woman was not in his line of sight. He looked sharply at Aragorn. "Are you sure we have the right house?" Aragorn whispered. "Yes, I am sure." Legolas replied shortly, irritation flooding him at the question. He wanted to see the woman again. He had to be certain. Aragorn looked at his friend. It was not like him to become irritated by a question. He shook it off thinking Legolas must be wondering the same thing as he was. Nodding he shrugged, "Well then, let's go get them." Entering the darkness of the cabin, they immediately stopped short. The blonde, now brandishing a fire poker, stood between her companion and themselves. "Show yourself, or face the consequences!" she growled. Aragorn eyebrows rose in surprise. The woman had a warrior's heart, even if not the body. "Peace. We mean you no harm, Lady." Lowering the poker slightly, I squinted into the gloom, certain I was seeing things. "Aragorn?" Karen asked in a small incredulous voice. I looked harder, it sure looked like Aragorn. I took a step forward trying to see into the darkness, wondering who the second person was. Not daring to hope. "Oh my god!" I whispered, "Oh my..." the poker tip hit the floor. "Legolas." I couldn't contain the amazement. I easily heard it in my voice. "You have the advantage Lady," Legolas said. "Might we inquire your names?" He took a step toward me, causing me to back up a step. "Karen? Are you having the same hallucination I am having?" My voice wavered though my eyes stayed glued to Legolas. "If you mean the one where Aragorn and Legolas are inside the cabin where we are buried under about a ton of snow. Yeah… it's the same one." "Oh…Ok… Just checking." My mind seemed to be stuck as I stared into Legolas' face. After a long moment, I stepped forward putting my hand out. Legolas stood very still, not wanting to frighten her. He felt a thrill as her fingers encountered his face, brushing his skin lightly. "OH SHIT!" She jumped back as if she had been scalded. "Karen! He's solid! I mean, I can touch him." Scrambling back to her friend, she brought the poker back up to defend herself. The woman called Karen jumped up when Lisa shouted and was now behind her, backing away from