She stands there on the edge of the cliff, the wind blowing her dark hair all around her face. Tears streak down her sallow cheeks. Her skin has always been pale but now after 9 months of heartache, illness, and pain had taken their tole her pale skin which at one time had been pretty now took on a look of death; the dark circles under her eyes looked like purple bruises. Her once deep chocolate brown eyes that were always so lively were dull and lifeless in her sunken sockets. Standing tall reaching her full five foot three inches, the wind and rain making her long sleeved t-shirt cling to her slight form even with the shirt you could see her ribs. It was amazing that the wind didn't pick her up and carry her away. She came out here to the cliffs almost every day now; standing at the ledge strengthening her resolve to jump to end the pain before finally stepping back and crumpling to the ground. She had made her mind up a few days ago that the next time would be her last she would finally take the plunge. Today was that day she had had enough of the pain, the torture, the heartache. It was time to end it. She stood there with her eyes closed, feeling the wind and rain whip around her, with a slight smile playing on her lips she stepped forward waiting for the fall. At that precise moment she felt two stone arms wrap around her small frame pulling her into a hard chest. Her mind knew in an instant it wasn't Him. Her mind raced as she felt the rush of the wind and felt the movement of her body, behind her eye lids the light faded knowing she was being swept in to the woods. It clicked as to who this was and she whispered his name "Laurent." She will still die today just not the way she expected. She felt herself pinned to a tree by two strong hands with an iron grip. She heard his growl as she tilted her head to the side giving complete access to the vein in her neck awaiting the piercing pain as he bit in to her. Her relief flooded through her knowing the end was at hand until she heard his voice. "Bella? Bella! What are you doing? I will not allow you to harm yourself." She felt her confusion as she knew he felt it too. He was the empath. "Jasper?" Crap she wasn't going to die today. Alice had "seen" and she was being rescued. She felt her anger boiling, she had wanted to end this pain, this torture and now she was in the arms of a "safe" vampire. She growled and hissed at him knowing it was fruitless, she struggled to get away. "God dammit, Bella, open your eyes. Look at me and stop with all the despair. I won't let you harm yourself. I won't let you take your self from me, your family, and Edward." As he spoke His name she growled ferociously as the whole in her chest tore wide open. The heat ache and loss coupled with worthlessness and despair. If it wasn't for the warmth coming from her body and her heartbeat, the sound that ripped through her throat would have made him think she had been turned. As he looked at her he saw her skin was now just as pale as his and the dark circles under her eyes looked all too familiar. The pain she felt hit him like a blow to his chest. She opened her eyes and looked up into his face; her big brown eyes that once held so much light and life were now dull and lifeless. He locked eyes with her, "Lets get you home. Charlie needs to know what you've been up to and it may be a good idea to take away your keys. I'm going to have to have talk with him." "I don't live there anymore." Her voice soft barely a whisper, but she knew he heard her. "What do you mean Bella? Where do you live?" " I .. I moved into your old house. I couldn't stay with Charlie anymore, it wasn't safe for him to have me around." She looked down at her feet. He stepped back eyeing her up and down, before giving a quick nod. He moved to pick her up and carry her, she shook her head. "I can walk you know." She looked around trying to get her bearings but having no idea the direction he had moved her through the woods she wasn't sure which way to go to get to the truck she had been borrowing. He turned following the path he had took and retraced his steps much slower so she could keep up. They walked in silence, he was headed back to the clearing he had found her at. She walked slightly behind him trying to keep up and not trip over her own feet she stumbled only a couple of times on roots and bushes that lined the forest floor. But both times she was able to catch herself before she fell though she knew if she actually fell she would never hit the ground. once they got to the clearing he turned and looked at her ready to fallow her to her truck. She shuffled her feet for a moment before looking up at him. " Ok. So... uh... as far as Charlie knows I moved back to Phoenix, I'm 18 there for I can legally live on my own. I keep myself hidden for the most part but when I have to leave to go shopping I go to Olympia for one and my truck is parked behind one of the garages hidden under some brush I uh borrowed one of the vehicles left in the garage. One of the less ostentatious vehicles." she ducked her head wondering if he would be upset with her stealing the truck from the garage. She looked up at him when she heard the chuckle that escaped him. "So the Chief's daughter has resorted to breaking and entering and theft. Wonder what else you've gotten yourself into." She gave him a smirk and turned walking towards where she had parked the forest green Dodge Ram. When she got to the truck she automatically went to the driver side only to be stopped by a hand on her shoulder she stopped and looked up at him, he had a small smirk playing on his lips, "My truck, I drive." Taking the keys from her hand he was already sitting in the drivers seat waiting for her to come around to the passenger side. Once she was seated in the passenger seat judging her emotions she was ready to go. He cocked his head, he'd heard as the Chief's daughter she was all about obeying the laws; seat belts and going the speed limit apparently that all had changed. He put the truck in gear and started driving to his old home. " Ok Bella there's a lot that you need to explain so that I can understand everything going on. Why is Charlie in danger with you around? Why is it that you think your only way out is through death. Please talk to me, help me understand." Bella gave a deep sigh. She didn't want to but she understood Jasper needed to know. "Take me home and I'll explain, I just really need a drink before I go into it." Jasper nodded and headed the truck back towards the Cullen's place. Once they got back to the house and the truck was back in the garage they walked slowly to the front door Jasper keeping pace with her. She paused at the front door shuffling her feet and looking down, not ready to go in and face the music so to speak. She had caused so much damage to the house taking out her anger out on everything that had to do with Him. She felt guilty about it now, she knew Esme would be very upset when she saw the house. Bella still hadn't moved, Jasper standing behind her was frowning and growing impatient. "Bella, your emotions are all over the place. What's wrong? Come on, you've been standing here for a few minutes lets get inside, or do you need me to help you?" He smirked down at her. Taking a deep breath to calm herself she opened the door and entered the house. She headed straight to the kitchen Jasper followed behind taking a seat at the island counter, waiting while watching her. She went to the pantry and walked inside grabbing a bottle of soda out of the case that sat on the floor under the bottom shelf to the right of the door. Exiting the pantry she closed the door behind her and walked over to the counter reaching above the microwave she opened the cupboard door and reached in and pulled down a bottle of vodka, taking off the lid she took a long drink then replaced the lid; grabbing both the bottle of booze and the bottle of soda she carried them over and placed them on the island across from Jasper. Turning she went to the drawer next to the sink and opened it grabbing out a pack of cigarettes, a lighter, and an ashtray. Carrying them in one hand she grabbed both bottles by the necks with her other hand and walked around the island heading in to the dining room and sitting at the long table and set everything down and took a seat. Jasper who had gotten up and followed her walked around the table and took a seat across from her. She looked him straight in the eye almost daring him to say anything as she took the lid off the bottle of vodka and took another drink, she put the bottle back down on the table then grabbed the soda and took the lid off and took a drink. The Dr. Pepper adding to the burn in her throat from the alcohol she made a slight face at the burn unable to help it, then picked up the pack of smokes, taking one out she lit it and inhaled deeply. Jasper smirked at her, "Well I guess you've changed a lot more then just your appearance there Bella." She gave him a small smile, "actually there's a lot you all didn't know about me. Though the smoking is a new habit I picked up but it helps calm my nerves." He sat and watched as she smoked her cigarette, not wanting to push but at the same time starting to grow impatient. He knew there was a lot he needed to know and the sooner the better. He had picked up the scents as soon as he walked into the house one was old but it was the other that worried him most. "So Isabella what is with the self-destruction. Drinking, smoking, and then trying to throw yourself off a cliff?" She didn't respond just shook her head as she snuffed out her cigarette in the ash tray. He needed answers. She grabbed the bottle of vodka and took another swig then chased it down with a swig of her soda before pulling out another cigarette, she sat there holding the cigarette playing with it between her fingers. She stared down at it trying to get her thoughts in order, she took a deep breath. Slowly she brought it to her lips, lit it, then inhaled. She stared down at the table not wanting to look up at him she began to talk. "I'm not trying to self-destruct, though I know that's how it looks. I'm just trying to survive, and forgive me for having a few weak moments where surviving is just to