And here we are at the beginning of another epic, novel-length story. "The Hogwarts Six and the Darkest Wizard" is the sequel to "The Brightest Witch and the Darkest House"; noting it here since there wasn't enough space in the title. It could be read as a standalone though, since the first few chapters will recap the major events in our heroes' first three years of Hogwarts - except for the secret ones, that is. This starts at the end of Harry's third year and will go through 4th, 5th, and 6th year. The only AU point is Hermione being replaced by a darker, more ambitious muggleborn OC in the previous book, resulting in Harry making some friends in Slytherin, and changes snowballing from there. The first chapter introduces the current situation, while the second chapter will introduce our heroes. It will be an epic story, with epic action, epic magic, and epic plots. Romance too, though no epic sex since it isn't allowed. Enjoy! Dislcaimer: did the Death Eaters act in the muggle world during the first war without blowing the Statute of Secrecy despite the average wizard's total inability to blend in? If yes, I do not own Harry Potter: it belongs to JK Rowling and this story is totally free and for fun. xxxx "...the Minister's wounds appeared to be creature-induced according to the memories Headmaster Dumbledore shared with us, and we did, in fact, find signs of mostly healed organ failure due to Manticore poisoning." At that, Hippocrates Smethwyck looked up from his notes at the wizard in question and inclined his head respectfully while ignoring his nominal superior's annoyance. The fairly young Healer had always had talent in dealing with creature-induced injuries and if all went well, he'd soon rise to a higher position when some... older staff were rotated off St. Mungo's. Nobody could handle dealing with magical emergencies forever, but Smethwyck was young enough to still want to do it and capable enough to pull it off, if he said so himself. And if he could make his name in this case with the Minister with the Head of the DMLE and the Chief Warlock present... "It hadn't been injected via a Manticore's sting though as the injury didn't match such an attack, and as Mr. Fudge didn't die outright I can only assume the venom had been diluted or otherwise reduced in potency." "Yes, yes, we know how Manticore stings work, Hippocrates." Healer-in-charge Andromeda Tonks said impatiently. Tall, dark-haired, no-nonsense, with great skill when it came to countering Dark magic, and the bane of all young Healers' existence. "If you want to be in charge of your own hospital ward come next year, you'd better exchange verbiage for efficiency." Hippocrates Smethwyck gulped at that, while Albus Dumbledore's eyes twinkled, Amelia's own were rolled upwards in exasperation, and Cornelius Fudge remained on his hospital bed, unconscious and unresponsive. "Yes, well, the Minister's injury matched the bite marks of some nonmagical species of rodents, none of which are poisonous to begin with. In my opinion, the poisoning was foul play, the bite only a red herring." Amelia Bones snorted loudly at that, tossing her prematurely greying red mane in a practiced move calculated to display the maximum amount of annoyance. Of course there was foul play involved; the Minister of Magic had been poisoned with Death Eaters at the scene, both pardoned and otherwise. Being in her position was hardly easy to begin with and the way things were going, she'd lose what color in her hair she'd left before the night was out. Throwing a glance at her old classmate, she snorted again. If twelve years in Azkaban had not managed to turn Sirius Black's hair grey, she doubted Andromeda call-me-Tonks Black would need dyes before she was ninety. "Which brings us to the real danger to the Minister's health, which is not a poison at all." Smethwyck finished, drawing everyone's attention once more. "What first caught our examiners' eye was the Minister's unconsciousness. Despite everything, he had not been injured enough to remain in that state - not after Headmaster Dumbledore's familiar had provided him with Phoenix tears. All diagnostic charms pointed to a bad reaction to the shock of the attack. They still do." The Healer shook his head, shifted through his notes and continued. "That was when the Minister caught on several magical diseases from patients in a neighboring ward. In fact, he caught on all of them; the chances of that happening are astronomically tiny with all the precautions we usually take. Cures were administered in a timely manner... to one of which Mr. Fudge developed a very rare allergic reaction. We shifted him to another ward for treatment... and one of the nurses slipped and fell on him, resulting into multiple fractures despite the mild impact." "Which was when I had him checked out for curses." Healer Tonks interrupted again. "The one we found on him was powerful, vindictive, and very Dark." "You're confirming that the Minister has been intentionally cursed?" The Head of the Department of Magical Law Enforcement asked, taking notes of her own now. It was one of the reasons she'd come to St. Mungo's after all. The other was yet to be decided, but she had her suspicions. "How bad is it, is the Minister's life in danger, and how soon will he recover?" "You misunderstand, Director Bones." The regal, dark-haired, dark-robed Healer-in-charge said in her cultured, always-calm, always-superior voice. "The kind of curse we found on Mister Fudge comes from major Dark Magic, where a death is involved. It won't kill him, but it will make him wish he were dead. Conventional Healing magic can't cure it either." With a deft flick of her wand, she cast a complex diagnostic charm and scowled once more. "There is no concrete, documented evidence, but I have seen this curse once before myself. Before becoming a Healer, that is." The dark-haired witch's expression had become positively murderous now, intimidating Healer Smethwyck into taking several steps back. Dumbledore didn't seem to be affected though, and Amelia was made of sterner stuff. Not only did she receive death threats from the families of Dark witches and wizards she'd comvicted on a regular basis, but she'd faced that exact scowl from her old classmate back in '71 when Bellatrix Lestrange nee Black had come to Hogwarts to visit her sister and... convince her not to marry muggleborn Ted Tonks. The future Death Eater had left the castle empty-handed. Also, thouroughly cursed. "So it would not hold up in court then." Amelia mused. A pity. Better evidence would have given her a reason to search the primary suspect's property thoroughly, and even if Lucius Malfoy turned out to be innocent of the attack on the Minister, he would certainly be guilty of other things. Amelia hated all those who'd been allowed to go free after claiming the Imperius, but her own morals and adherence to the Law prevented her from hunting them down. On the other hand, the Ministry needed a fair, incorruptible Department Head more than it needed another witch hunt. "Out of curiosity, what was Mr. Fudge cursed with?" "He wasn't." Andromeda Tonks said. "He imbibed, or was force-fed, blood from a slain unicorn." Even Dumbledore's usual amusement vanished at that announcement, and for good reason. Magically-speaking slaying a unicorn was as dark and foul as human sacrifice, except the unicorn's own magic retaliated by cursing its blood; the only part of the unicorn one needed to harm it to retrieve, and the most magically potent. No wonder the Minister couldn't be healed. "I see." Amelia said in the end. Yet another heinous act she had to let go unpunished due to lack of evidence, but at least the rest of the medical report had been detailed enough. "Thank you for the information, Healer Smethwyck, Healer Tonks. Now excuse me; I need to deliver it personally to the Ministry given the delicate nature of the case." She stalked out of the Spell Damage ward, wordlessly greeted the two Aurors standing guard at the entrance, and mentally prepared herself for memory-sharing. In a high-profile case such as this, simple parchmentwork would not do. At least all persons involved were magical and of-age this time. "One moment Amelia." Dumbledore said from right behind her, somehow catching up to her in his stately walk. She resisted the impulse to pick up speed just to annoy him - it probably wouldn't work - and waited to see if her suspicions would be proven correct. "There is a manner of some importance to discuss before your return to the Ministry tonight." "Indeed? Does it pertain to the workings of the Wizengamot, Chief Warlock? Is there some magical catastrophe or major arcane development the Ministry should be made aware of, Grand Sorcerer? Or has Hogwarts become the scene of yet another major crime, Headmaster? Because it can't be about the ICW; you're the British representative so they'd have contacted you directly." She finished rather waspishly. Normally, she wouldn't be so short with Albus Dumbledore. The man was an impressively powerful wizard and had done much for wizarding Britain... except this time he was about to ask of her something she'd wanted to avoid ever since she understood how the Ministry really worked. "It's about the function of the Ministry itself." He confirmed in all seriousness. "Amelia, Cornelius can hardly continue in his position as he is. You know Lucius Malfoy and his supporters will be rallying to place their own candidate in office. Losing the Ministry's support will be almost as big a blow to their side as it will be to ours. Cornelius had always been easily influenced, certainly, but he supported fully nobody but himself. We cannot afford a Minister that will be actively in league with former Death Eaters." "And what do you suggest then? What is your great plan to prevent this?" As if she didn't know. Dumbledore didn't make assumptions that you were at his side. He let you assume that he assumed even as he used familiarity, influence, and your own beliefs to steer you exactly where you were "supposed" to be. Even though his plans did benefit wizarding Britain and did oppose the Dark, Amelia hated being manipulated. Especially when the manipulator was right. "Take the Minister's position yourself." He raised a hand to delay her own streak of heated arguments. "One moment please, hear me out. I'll rally Tiberius Ogden, Marchbanks, Crouch, Diggory, Weasley, all our supporters in the Ministry, the muggleborns, and those who don't want to see a Dark, Pureblood regime. It'll be tough, but we'll get the neutral Houses to support us in the end. You get the position, hold the Ministry together for a couple of years until we can solidify our alliances, and then we can put another candidate forward and you can return to expertly running the DMLE as you have so far." "An interesting plan." She grudgingly agreed. On the surface, it gave everyone but the Dark Pureblood Houses what they wanted... but politics were never about the surface. On the other hand, she didn't have a better plan either. "Out of curiosity, why don't you run for the Minister's position yourself?" "I am content at Hogwarts." Bullshit. And thinly-veiled bullshit at that, given his multiple positions beyond it. "Besides, far too many people would not stand for it; we'd have a civil war on our hands again." Closer to the truth, but Amelia was no longer a student in awe of her famous Headmaster, or a rookie Auror training under one of Dumbledore's best friends. She could now see an evasion when it was staring her in the eye, twinkle or no. "Very well, Dumbledore." She said in the end. "Two years. And don't expect me to be a figurehead covering for secret, unsanctioned, anti-dark societies. Not unless we get another Dark Lord anyway." xxxx "Hey Amy, long