xxxxx We are weaned from our timidity In the flush of love's light we dare be brave And suddenly we see that love costs all we are and will ever be. Yet it is only love which sets us free. From Touched By an Angel, by Maya Angelou xxxxxx It was a golden shaft of sunlight that woke him, filtering through a gap in the curtains at the break of dawn. He blinked blearily as his eyes adjusted to wakefulness, a smile stretching across his face when his gaze rested upon the girl curled against him. His arms unconsciously tightened around her, pulling her close as he buried his face in her soft curls. The gesture was intimate in a way that scared him shitless, but he didn't have the power to pull away. His attraction to the girl was magnetic and unnatural, and if he had trouble resisting it before, he had no doubt that doing so would be impossible now. He was under her complete control, and oh, it was more exhilarating then he ever could've imagined. Exhilarating, but so damned dangerous . Of all the complications that could've occurred during his visit, Annie Cresta was one he never would've expected, and he knew deep down that what he felt for her had the potential to cause more difficulty than anything else possibly could have. His trip to District Four was supposed to have been simple. The district's economic output had been significantly lower than its assigned quota. The idiots who managed the fishing industry gave weak excuses for the drop off, and the feeble minds on District Four's economic committee hadn't done anything to garner substantial improvement. Finnick was more a politician than an economist, on Snow's primary economic board because he could deal with people in a way that the other board members simply couldn't, so he'd been sent in to see if he couldn't handle the problem with political maneuvering instead of number crunching. It should have been as easy as subtle threats and blackmail, possibly promises of leniency should a more delicate approach have been necessary. Lack of production was almost always caused by idiot workers who opposed the Capitol and didn't see why they should bother working for fish they couldn't keep. It was a common problem in District Four, which was just prosperous enough to allow its people the energy to fight back, but not to the extent where any of them were satisfied with things as they were. He'd set aside a number of weeks in which he expected he would be able to stabilize the district's economic foundation and pick up on any inklings of rebellion that were behind the sudden absence of work ethic. Annie Cresta had taken those expectations and turned them on their head. He never would've expected it when they first met, nor any of the dozen times he saw her after that. She'd crept up on him, working her way into his heart before he was aware he'd started holding her in any regard at all. In fact, she'd been gutting fish when they spoke for the first time, dressed in an old t-shirt and tattered jean shorts and chatting with the women around her as she moved about one of the stations along the docks. He wouldn't have looked twice if she hadn't waved in his direction—not at him, but at Erik Cresta, who'd been giving Finnick a tour of the area. The tall, dark-haired man was in charge of managing the bulk of the district's workers, and was therefore the main focus of Finnick's trip. He'd been stony-faced for much of the morning, brushing off casual questions or attempts at small talk with terse, one-word replies, but his features softened when he caught sight of the girl, a smile of such shining love overtaking them that Finnick felt compelled to look away. "My daughter," he said to Finnick. "Annie. She helps with cleaning and packing the fish." Without another word, he left Finnick behind and headed for the girl. "Sorry to bother you," said Annie, after her father had stopped in front of her. "I just wanted to let you know that I'll be home late tonight. Mrs. Havisham has trouble staying on her feet now that she's so far along, so I offered to cook supper for her. Maybe take care of Jake for a couple hours afterwards." Finnick stopped several paces back so that he could study her without drawing attention to himself. She was pretty enough for a girl from the districts. Even elbow-deep in fish guts, with her hair tossed back in a messy ponytail and the barest hint of sunburn blistering her freckle-dusted nose, there was something about her that he found strangely appealing. Her eyes especially were interesting, the same gray-green color as the sky before a storm, and framed with long, thick lashes that nearly brushed her cheeks when she blinked. "Jake. He's her youngest, yeah?" asked Erik. "For now. I can't imagine it'll be more than few days before there's another." Annie brushed her hands on her apron and wiped her brow with the sleeve of her shirt. "I hope it's a girl, for Mrs. Havisham's sake. She's already got her hands full with Jake and Anton . " Her father smiled playfully. "If you're around to work your influence, I can't imagine gender will make the child any easier to work with." Annie made a face and picked up something that looked like a fish's stomach, miming throwing it at him. Erik boomed a hearty laugh, eyes flashing with genuine humor for a moment before his expression darkened slightly. "I don't mind that you go to her place for dinner, but make sure you're home before the peacekeepers begin their watch." He glanced at Finnick. "I should be going. I was just giving Mister Odair a tour of the district. He's here from the Capitol on business." Annie's eyes flashed to where he stood, and Finnick noted with some surprise that she didn't show any visible reaction to his appearance, instead quirking a brow and eyeing him with an almost clinical curiosity. "Well, I guess you should get back to it," she said, after a moment. She smiled sweetly at Finnick, the expression completely guileless. "I hope you enjoy your stay, Mister Odair." He offered her a smile of his own, although he imagined his was much less genuine. "Thank you, Miss Cresta." Erik led him away, and he all but forgot the girl for the rest of the afternoon. It wasn't until he'd arrived at Erik's home to meet him the next morning that he thought of her at all, and that was because she'd been the one to open the door with a bright smile, even offering him a cup of coffee while her father finished getting ready. He'd expected, perhaps somewhat arrogantly, blatant flirting or flustered awkwardness, but she'd shown no signs of either, instead treating him with curiosity more than anything. She sat across from him while he nursed his coffee and sipped at her own cup as she asked unexpectedly earnest questions about the Capitol. Where did he live? Did he really have more food than he could eat? Did everyone have a car? Did he work with President Snow? He'd had to maintain caution, of course, but she was smart enough to stay away from anything he wouldn't have been able to answer. He found her reactions to his replies interesting as well, in the way her eyes sometimes widened or her lips occasionally pursed with disapproval. She didn't know how to hide her expressions, something that even the more foolish of Capitol citizens learned early on, and he rather enjoyed reading her emotions play out across her face. He was surprised to find that while her positive reactions were frequent, she rarely responded with so much as controlled censure, and never with the barely concealed disgust he'd seen when working with people from the districts before. He'd asked her about it as tactfully as he could, and Annie simply shrugged and said, "I'm not fond of the Capitol, but why should I take it out on you? It's not your fault you were born there." The conversation was interesting enough that he purposely arrived at Erik's house early the next morning, hoping that he and Annie might talk over coffee again. He was actually relieved when she was the one who answered the door, smiling pleasantly and offering a friendly, "Good morning, Finnick," as though they were old friends. He asked her questions this time, about what life was like in Four and what she did in her free time. She replied with talk of how much she enjoyed reading and boating, but how she loved swimming most of all. "It's amazing," she'd said with sparkling eyes. "Almost like flying, except better. Do you swim?" "There are pools in the Capitol. I've been once or twice." She snorted disgustedly. "That doesn't count. It's not really swimming unless you're in an ocean, or a lake, at the very least." "Yes, with dirt and sand everywhere. How lovely," said Finnick, his nose wrinkling just slightly. Annie laughed, the sound vibrant and almost musical. "You're so Capitol. It's funny." Almost as an afterthought, she tacked on, "I ought to teach you to gut fish before you leave. I can already imagine the look on your face." Erik had arrived then and eyed the two of them oddly—had looked at Finnick with nothing less than outright caution—but said nothing, and had merely told Finnick it was time they get going. The next several weeks passed in something of a blur. Finnick didn't always have to meet Erik, but he arrived at his home earlier than necessary when he did. Annie began showing up outside their morning conversations as well, seemingly by coincidence at first, but she apparently grew tired of pretending to run into him, and before long, she barged into his life outright instead, showing up at his place one evening as though it were the most natural thing she could've done. "I thought you might be feeling lonely," she said, a nervous smile on her face. "Can I come in?" He hadn't had it in him to say no, and it became a tradition for her to come over and keep him company after that. Oftentimes, she simply sat with him while he went over paperwork, always with a book in her lap that she focused on until he finished working. At first, their time together consisted of nothing more than polite conversation. Then Annie started suggesting other ways to pass the time. Initially, they simply walked along the beaches, but she soon dragged him out to the cliffs by the sea, and they hiked the craggy rocks and explored the caves that bordered the ocean. Some days later, she woke him at the crack of dawn with the insistence that he must see the sunrise. She even forced him swimming eventually, and spent an entire morning critiquing his stroke while gliding through the water like a fantastical ocean creature who belonged more in fairytales than reality. Seeing her soon became the high point of his day. He'd gather reports and look at numbers and check records that'd been taken both by the managers and the peacekeepers in charge of monitoring the dock workers, but the whole while his mind would be spinning around Annie Cresta. Most of the time he told himself that she was nothing more than a pretty distraction, but sometimes honesty took hold and he admitted that he truly valued her in a way he couldn't remember valuing anyone since his parents died. He didn't make friends, and while he had a reputation in the Capitol for sleeping with anything that moved, his escapades had a pattern—he screwed those he needed things from. He'd never been attached to any of them, was only attracted to