Here is the third in the series. I will post the fourth when I have finished the fifth, which I don't think will be too long as I believe the fourth will be the hardest of them all, as it's literally all about Harry, hard to interpretation without adding my OC into the tournament as well, which I wasn't okay with. Anyway, I'm on holidays now so it shouldn't be too long but I also want to add so some of my other stories as well, get some more sequels up. Let me know if you find any spelling mistakes so I can fix them. Hope you like it :) Chapter 1: Alicia stopped as she stood on a step and it creaked under her weight. She bit her lip and listened carefully, one of her hands clutching a parcel, the other a rope over her shoulder. After assuring herself no one had heard her, she moved her weight from the step and proceeded to the next one, skipping the creaky stair. Alicia proceeded to the front door, which, after taking a look around the landing, she slowly unlocked, preventing the locks from clicking when she released them, stopping any noise. She closed the door, stood still for a second listening before grinning in success. Alicia turned without a backwards glance and ran down the road. She checked her wrist where a watch sat and frowned, she was already late thanks to Ms Bane, the caretaker, staying up later then expected. Alicia Evans lived in an orphanage, and had done her entire life. Her parents had died when she was just a year old. But it was how they died that was the interesting story. Lily and James Potter were killed, murdered, by a man who's name is feared by many. Alicia Evans belonged to a world hidden to anyone who wasn't a part of it. Alicia was a witch. Two years ago, before her eleventh birthday a man had come and handed her a letter to his school, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. The man himself was Albus Dumbledore, the headmaster. It was at Hogwarts that Alicia learned her heritage and that she wasn't alone. She had a secret family member. Alicia stopped outside a house grinning, panting slightly from having run all the way. Quietly, she climbed the fence to the backyard, a little difficultly thanks to the package in one hand, before moving around to the back garden. Alicia listened carefully to what was going on inside, it was utter silence within the house broken only by the distant grunting snores. She noticed a suddenly flash of light from the room above her, the window was open which was perfect. Alicia grinned before she grabbed a reasonably sized rock from the garden, slipped it into the loop in the end of her rope and looked back to the window. As if practiced a boy appeared there, leaning on the window sill. He had jet black hair like Alicia, though it was stubbornly untidy as usual, and the same bright green eyes as her also. He wore round glasses and though you couldn't tell from outside, he was rather small and skinny. Harry Potter. Alicia's twin brother, though only a certain few knew they were related. He was famous throughout the entire wizarding world because of a lightning shaped scar over his forehead. He had received it when the feared dark wizard of the time, Voldemort, tried to kill him and in turn, killed their parents. Both Harry and Alicia had survived. As a result, Voldemort was left to something less than human. Alicia and Harry had faced him twice now, both in different scenarios. Harry looked out the window for a second before he spotted Alicia. She grinned, glanced at another window before whisper shouting. "Happy Birthday Harry!" Harry grinned down at her "Happy Birthday Alicia." he said quietly. Alicia held up the rock, the rope tied to it. "Catch?" she asked. Harry nodded and glanced into the room before Alicia aimed and threw the rock. Luckily for them, Harry caught it silently. Alicia grinned as Harry disappeared into the room and when he reappeared, he nodded. Alicia climbed the rope and climbed into the room through the window. The first thing she did was hug Harry. "What are you doing here?" he wondered, though he was still grinning "Yeah right. We're thirteen! Teenagers! No way would I wait till morning." Alicia rolled her eyes like that was expected. "I know you stay up late studying and I would have been here sooner, but, Ms Bane decided to stay up late." Alicia sighed. She then grinned again and held up a present. "Got you this." she smiled. Harry looked at her guiltily "Don't look at me like that, I know you don't have access to money and you can't use Hedwig for mail." Alicia knew Harry didn't have money. The people Harry lived with were his aunt and uncle, and they were muggles — non magic folk. Aunt Petunia was Lily Potter's sister. Alicia had been separated from him, and them, after the accident for safety. The Dursleys didn't like abnormality. They didn't like what the Potters were and they didn't like what Harry was. For this, they treated him like rubbish. For eleven years they tried to beat the magic out of Harry, refusing to allow him to be like his family, they even told him his parents had been killed in a car accident. Harry hesitantly took the parcel from Alicia and sat on his bed, Alicia sitting next to him, grinning. He unwrapped the brown package to find a set of clothes, as Harry had to wear his cousin Dudley's things which were all ten sizes to big for him, a newspaper and a box of chocolate frogs. "You shouldn't have." Harry muttered. Alicia shrugged "I mixed it up, some muggle things, some wizard things, of which I ordered with Noel." Noel was Alicia's black owl, Harry had an owl also, but snowy white. Hedwig. "Speaking of owls," Alicia noticed the bird cage was empty "Where's Hedwig?" "Don't know." "How long's she been gone for?" "Two nights." Harry looked at Alicia who glanced at the window "She's been gone this long before." Harry assured. Alicia nodded "I think Noel's gone to find Hermione." Alicia rolled her eyes. Hermione Granger was one of Alicia and Harry's best friends, along with Ronald Weasley. Like Harry and Alicia, Hermione grew up with muggles, both her parents being so. Ron on the other hand was from a wizarding family, both his parents, his five brothers and his sister were all wizards, everyone but apparently a distant cousin on his mother's side, who, as Alicia remembered Ron saying, they didn't talk to. Ron, his sister Ginny and three brothers were all at Hogwarts with Alicia and Harry. Harry looked confused at Alicia. "Hermione's gone away." Alicia admitted "Sent me an owl just before she left… didn't I show you?" Harry shook his head and Alicia looked annoyed with herself. "I was supposed to let you read it, it was addressed to you too." Alicia grumbled "That's alright." Harry shrugged. Unlike last year, when a house elf named Dobby was intercepting them, letters did reach Harry and Hermione and Ron had sent a few but, just like last year, the Dursleys didn't want Harry sending or receiving letters from anyone. Not even if it was sent by muggle mail with the postman. "What's this?" Harry asked holding up the newspaper. "It's the Daily Prophet ." Alicia grinned "Wizard newspaper. Don't let the Dursleys see it they'll tare it up." Alicia whispered, glancing at the door. Harry unfolded it to see the front cover's black and white picture was moving, as all pictures did in the wizarding world. "This way you wont feel so disconnected, keep in on what's been going on. I've been having it delivered, per Hermione's suggestion, and decided you should get a few too. So here's this weeks." Alicia grinned "How much is that?" Harry asked "Couple of knuts." Alicia shrugged. Harry looked at the front cover, reading it as Alicia stood up and walked over to the window, glancing out for any signs of an owl. "Hey… Harry…" Alicia began. Harry put the newspaper down and joined her beside the window. "See that?" she asked confused. Silhouetted against the golden moon, and growing larger every moment, was a large, strangely lopsided creature, and it was flapping in the two's direction. Alicia looked at Harry confused as they stood quite still, watching it sink lower and lower. Harry slowly moved his hand and put it on the window latch, ready to slam it shut. Alicia however grabbed his arm as the bizarre creature soared over one of the street lamps of Privet Drive. Alicia pulled Harry to the side and out of the way. Through the window soared four owls, two of them holding up the third, which appeared to be unconscious, the fourth leading the way. They landed with a soft flump on Harry's bed, and the middle owl, which was large and grey, keeled right over and lay motionless. There were two large packages tied to its legs. "Oh god…" Alicia muttered as she recognised the owl. It was hard not to. His name was Errol, and he belonged to the Weasley family. "Ron should know better. Sending Errol on such a trip." Alicia waved her arms with a roll of her eyes as Harry dashed to the bed. He untied the cords around Errol's legs, took off the parcels, and then carried Errol to Hedwig's cage. Errol opened one bleary eye, gave a feeble hoot of thanks, and began to gulp some water. The three owls left stood waiting, two were recognisable. The large snowy owl was Harry's own Hedwig, the large black was Alicia's Noel. They two were carrying parcels, Hedwig looked very pleased with herself and Noel looked at Alicia expectantly, waiting to be congratulated almost. "Alright, let me see." Alicia smiled as she moved to Noel and took the package, she immediately noticed Hermione's neat handwriting on the parcel. Noel nipped her ear as Hedwig did the same to Harry as he removed her burden, then both flew across the room to join Errol. Alicia was surprised they fit in the cage. Neither of them recognised the third owl. "Now who else would send us a package on our birthday?" Alicia asked, fake curiosity on her face. Harry however didn't seem to understand. "It's a Hogwarts owl Harry. Hagrid." Rubeus Hagrid was the Hogwarts game keeper. He was the one who had told Harry he was a wizard and about Harry's parents. He was also the one who took both Harry and Alicia around Diagon Alley, a hidden alley full of wizard shops, to buy their very first school supplies. Harry looked back at the scrawny owl and noticed the letters it had, two of them, each bearing the Hogwarts crest. When Harry relieved this owl of its burden, it ruffled its feathers importantly, stretched its wings, and took off through the window into the night. "I'm glad I decided to come now." Alicia grinned as she sat on the bed and picked up the package from Ron with her name on it. Harry sat next to her and did the same. He ripped off the brown paper, and discovered a present wrapped in gold, and his first ever birthday card. Fingers trembling slightly, he opened the envelope. Two pieces of paper fell out — a letter and a newspaper clipping. The clipping had come out of the Daily Prophet . Harry picked up the clipping, smoothed it out, Alicia leaning over his shoulder as he read. She grinned, having already seen the clipping a week ago. MINISTRY OF MAGIC EMPLOYEE SCOOPS GRAND PRIZE Arthur Weasley, Head of the Misuse of Muggle Artifacts Office at the Ministry of Magic, has