Finally finished number five. I'll admit, took me a while. Sorry about that. Chapter 1: One week. It'd been one week and already the tension was building. Papers scattered the desk, nasty hits hidden within the paragraphs standing out of the page. Bits had been cut out and scrunched up, pieces of information being sort within the pages. Alicia was pacing across her room. She continued to glance at the papers on her desk. Memories plagued her mind as images continued to flash across it. Vivid images, flashing lights and pain, lots of pain, both physical and mental. Alicia was waiting. Waiting for news, anything that said the end would be coming, anything that said darkness was making it's move. Anything that said Voldemort was on the move. But there was nothing. Nothing other than the Daily Prophet stabbing at Harry Potter, making him look like he was an attention seeking loony. And it had only been a week. Surprisingly though, there had been nothing about her, though, maybe it wasn't surprising. If Fudge was going to use his position as Minister of Magic to keep Voldemort's return quiet, maybe he'd use it to keep the fact Alicia Potter actually survived a secret as well. Alicia flopped down onto her bed. Her friends had noticed her edginess, she watched the news every night, collected the paper every morning, not to mention the daily prophet she had delivered to her window. And yet nothing had happened. Alicia knew Dumbledore had set his plans in motion to counter act this as best he could, she assumed Hagrid had been sent to the giants, probably being in less danger and less of a threat. Dumbledore couldn't do anything about the dementors while the ministry was against him but that didn't mean he'd sit back and wait. Dumbledore would be recruiting people, after all he sent Sirius off to fetch the 'old crowd'. Alicia knew better than anything there was a group of people gathering somewhere to do something. She wasn't stupid enough to be left behind. She also seemed to be the only one waiting for a notice that she'd be taken down to help. She believed her ability to process information and piece it together could be somewhat useful, if they'd let her help. She already knew that Voldemort had plans to recruit giants, gain the dementors' trust, break his supporters from Azkaban. He would not sit down doing nothing. However, he had kept his uprising a secret perhaps he'd rather use that to his advantage. If that was the case he wouldn't be drawing any attention to himself. Alicia slumped. If that was the case there wouldn't be any hints at all, even within the muggle news. In order to find any news, she'd have to be within the wizard world for that, or connected to people with more insight. Like with Sirius, Lupin, the Weasleys and Dumbledore, wherever they were they'd know what was happening. They'd be doing something to stop it. "They better not leave me out of it." Alicia grumbled as she stared at her celling. She paused as she made a decision. Alicia quickly sat at her desk and found a few pieces of parchment, moving away the newspapers and letters she'd received. She grabbed her quill and ink and stopped to think. What she wrote had to be taken serious, get her message across and be direct. I know you are organising and preparing to fight back. I know you've gathered a group of people together. I know you're working to recruit the giants before Voldemort and that that's where Hagrid's gone, hopefully with Madam Maxime. I know Voldemort's lying low in order to keep the ministry from knowing of his return, or at least I'm guessing that's what it is. And I know you'll have the Weasley's helping out as well as Sirius, Alicia paused, Sirius probably couldn't do very much, even if he was an animagus, after all Wormtail probably would have spilled that information to Voldemort. Even if he can't do very much because his cover as a black dog has been blown by Wormtail, I'm assuming, Lupin will know and all the other names you listed at the end of the year. I know you're not going to sit around doing nothing for the summer and I hope you are not planning on leaving me in the dark, even if it has only been a week. I don't want to but I will find out for myself if I do not hear of anything from anyone. I cannot sit here in silence. I do not need time to get over what happened, I do not need to sit within my own thoughts, that's exactly what I don't need. And Harry is the same. And I know Harry has protection at home, Voldemort had said you put every means of protection for him there, and that is probably why you wanted him home again. Maybe Dumbledore had done the same to Alicia…? Alicia put her quill down and reread the letter. She bit her lip before retaking her quill in hand. You know me. And you know I'm not kidding about this. Don't sit me on the sidelines. Alicia quickly put her quill down, and blew softly on the parchment to dry the ink. As soon as that was done she folded it up and walked over to the owl cage in the corner. Inside was a black owl with green eyes and a few white spots down it's back, the eyes matched Alicia's perfectly and she clicked her beak when Alicia approached her. "I need you to take this." Alicia scribbled a name down on the front. "Take it straight to Dumbledore and make sure you get a reply of some sort." she ordered. The owl clicked it's beak, nibbled on her finger affectionately and then soared out through the window Alicia had opened for her. "He better take me seriously, one week and no word at all does not seem natural." Alicia grumbled as she began to pace again. She understood that maybe Dumbledore didn't want letters intercepted and that he was busy, but he probably had made contact with Lupin, and Sirius and the Weasleys, why couldn't he contact her as well? Alicia groaned and slumped onto the floor. At that moment the door opened. Alicia turned her head to see two girls standing there, upside down, in the doorway. Alicia lay wide-eyed at them as their eyes glanced at the odd things sitting around her room; a broomstick, several parchments, books with pictures of odd creatures, potion ingredients and a cauldron, her wand sitting on her bedside table with a picture Harry had decided to give her. He had a photo album full of pictures of their parents, in which Alicia now had one of, involving their Godfather Sirius as well. The problem was, the picture moved like a video in a frame. Alicia hit her forehead "H-Hey…" Portia muttered "We heard you… groan…?" "What on earth…?" Alex questioned "You're supposed to knock." Alicia grumbled slumping on the ground. "What is all this?" Portia questioned "School stuff." Alicia said in an audible whisper "What kind of school…" Alex had moved over to the desk and had picked up a vile of armadillo oil which needed replenishing. "Uh… I'm sorry, but, is this picture… moving?" Portia was leaning down looking at the frame. "The headline just changed!" Alex had picked up one of the Daily Prophet papers. Both girls stared wide-eyed at one another before turning to Alicia who'd buried her face in her hands and hadn't moved. She'd been so wrapped up in her own thoughts she'd practically forgotten that other people lived in the building. This was kind of hard seeing as she lived in an orphanage and there were screaming children running around everywhere. "Alicia!" Both girls called when she said nothing. Alicia only groaned, turned over and crawled towards her door before closing it and leaning against it. "What the hell is all this stuff?" Alex demanded "It's school stuff!" "That answers nothing." Portia confessed "I'm not allowed to tell you." Alicia said crossing her arms "You've been saying that for four years." Portia rolled her eyes "Because it's true! You're not allowed to know." "Why not?" Alex was getting frustrated now, her eyebrows screwed up in the middle. "Because you're not a part of that world." Alicia burst and the girls shared a confused look "'World'? What do you live in a parallel dimension or something?" Alex asked "Or something." Alicia muttered. She stood up and took the paper from Alex's hand. "If I tell you I will probably get in trouble." "From who?" Portia asked and Alicia just sighed and picked up the other papers and potion ingredients, moving them to her trunk that stood open against the wall. She closed the trunk on them and placed the frame picture down on her table. "What is that?" Alex pointed at the wand on the bedside table. "A stick." Alicia said simply as she sat down on her bed "No way, it's too clean and polished and… engraved." Alex disagreed looking at it. She leaned forwards. "Don't touch it please." Alicia said "Thought it was just a stick?" Portia asked "Doesn't mean I want you touching it." The two girls raised an eyebrow at one another. "You can't keep lying to us Alicia." "I don't have a choice." she admitted "There's always a choice." "Well this is sort of a law so…" "A law that keeps your life a secret?" Alex asked "A secret from those who aren't like us." Alicia said simply "What are you an alien now?" Portia questioned "No." "Then what do you mean 'not like us'?" Alex questioned and Alicia groaned, slumping on her bed. At that point Noel soared through the window and to her cage, landing neatly inside it. She hooted at the three girl and Alicia sat up, she walked over to the bird and noticed her letter was gone, but there was not one in place of it. Noel had no reply. "You've got to be kidding me." she ground her teeth angrily but grabbed a treat for the animal and handed it to her, Noel nipped Alicia's finger greatly before she drank some water to wash down the treat. "Does it have anything to do with an owl flying during the day?" Alex questioned "Or the fact that you have an owl at all?" "And a broom?" Portia added. "You know what it looks like Portia?" Alex began turning to her friend who looked at her questionably "Like she's obsessed with witches." Alicia froze with her back to the two. "Alicia's never been into that stuff." Portia waved the thought away "What are you talking about? She used to love those kinds of books." Alex shrugged "I'm not obsessed with witches." Alicia assured. She just happened to be one and be fascinated by the books they wrote. "You own a broom and an owl," Portia said as Alex went to the trunk. She tried to open it but it refused to give. "What's with this thing?" Alex complained as she made sure all the locks were undone. "I suggest you give up, it's useless." Dumbledore had given Alicia the trunk with a special spell on it that only allowed Alicia to open it. She still hadn't figured out which spell it was but she didn't mind, if kept the older boys who enjoyed tormenting her out of her things. "What do you mean? It has to be able to open or it's useless." Alex was still yanking on the lid. "Mhmm, keep trying then." Alicia had moved to her desk and had sat back down at it, grabbing three more pieces of parchment and staring at the wall before her thinking. "What are you doing?" Portia asked as Alex continued to struggle. "Writing a few letters."