A/N: it's almost midnight in France and I've just achieved my first chapter. So, here it is, my new baby: The Boy-Who-Survived: When ordeals are real , a Harry Potter's story ! It's rated M mainly because I hate limitations with a passion. When I write, at least. It's highly unlikely you'll read any lemons in this story, partly because my Harry is eleven (for now), partly because I'm not confident about this kind of scenes. I won't give much details about things such as rape or child abuse either, though they may very well be implicit in my story. I'm not, however, above describing gore scenes. Also, I don't fear character's deaths much more than George R.R. Martin, although that's probably the only thing we share. If someone must die so the plot advance, so be it. I won't kill anyone out of spite or boredom. There's no bashing here. Most characterization will be based on canon, except for the ones who get no spotlight in MLR's works (did I mention My Lady Rowling ? She owns almost everything I'll write here). What's the pitch ? Simple. Canon was low-level difficulty, at best mid-level. This, my friends, is what I believe to be real world difficulty. In other words, it's a harcore mode AU. From Harry's perspective , it means Vernon Dursley was truly as stupid as he looked, didn't heed his wife's warning and abandoned his nephew... somewhere. What followed was a Oliver Twist-like childhood for our young hero, but with magic and death eaters involved. DISCLAIMER ! If I owned Harry Potter, the hero would have died by the end of book 6, so it's probably a good thing that I don't – J.K. Rowling does, and I won't face the ire of her fans. I don't own the Hounds of Shadow either. Steven Erikson does, though they won't be all that similar to their malazan counterpart. Now, the story... SSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTTOOOOOOOOOOOOOOORRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYYYYYYYYY Was it the end ? It certainly did feel so. Harry had no strength left in his body, no hope left in his mind. Only one thing allowed him to keep running, and it was a simple, sheer determination to stay alive a few more seconds. To make matters worse, a heavy rain began to pour from a dark grey sky. A normal mid-summer evening in England, all things considered. Harry didn't know which was best, crying or laughing. If the world ever hated anyone, he sure was this unlucky bloke. His earliest memory was a flash of green, blinding light, and a woman crying his name. The next one was nothing pleasant either: the roaring sound of a car's motor, and then the harsh cold of winter. What did it say about his life, though, that they were not among the worst he had ? Far behind him, but not far enough for Harry's taste, a deep howl tore through the increasingly thick veil of falling water. 'Crap', he thought, 'they're closing in'. Whatever they were. Dogs shouldn't be allowed to be this big, therefore they were probably no mere dogs at all. Well, their size would be manageable, if they weren't so fast, so persistent. Twice they found him, twice he managed to escape their fangs. Yet, Harry was fairly sure the third time would be the charm. The trick he used was reliable and efficient, but also incredibly draining. 'I must find somewhere to hide', he realized, 'but how ? My smell would betray my cache, and I can count on no one but myself to shelter me'. He shot a desperate glance to his surroundings. Of course, the streets were empty, and all the doors and windows were closed. It always happened when someone, or something, was chasing him. Because the hounds weren't a one time occurrence, far from it. Rather, his whole life was but a long flight from an imminent and horrible death. Men in black cloaks, hooded shadows, ferocious beasts and so on: they were all after his skin. Really, it was a wonder he even made it to eleven. Eleven years old, of course, not eleven pm – not yet. Heavens help him to survive this long ! But eleven was his age, he supposed. Actually, he didn't quite know the date of his own birthday. People said he looked younger, ten years old at most, but Harry knew better. He felt so old that even eleven didn't seem to do it justice: it was just the oldest reasonable guess. Now Harry was soaked, from hairs to bones, and a closer, fiercer howl resonated through the heavy air. At this exact moment, the boy tripped and fell on the wet ground. He didn't lift up. Every part of his body ached, his lungs were desperately asking for oxygen, his heart was about to explode. That was it. Today was his final day. After seven years of blurred memories and four years of incessant struggles, his life was about to end. Somewhere inside him, a little voice remarked it was an easy date to remember, if someone ever wanted to recall his untimely demise. 31St of July. Harry would die as the seventh month did. At this uncanny thought, he barked a savage, disabused laugh. Suddenly, without a warning, an owl hooted and dropped a letter in front of him. Harry lifted his head, incredulous. The bird looked angry to be outside, and the boy understood why. The weather certainly wasn't kind to anyone. Then, he glanced at the missive he just received. "What kind of address is this ?" he wondered aloud. To Harry Potter, somewhere in the streets of King's Lynn. "If someone is omnipotent enough to know where I am," he asked the owl, "couldn't he bring some help ? You see, I'm, like, in mortal danger right now !" As he finished his sentence, three great dogs appeared on one end of the street. They were quite tall on their legs, fierce-looking, and their red eyes were glowing brightly above their teeth-bared maws. All of them were growling dangerously, yet Harry noticed but one thing. 'Three ? I met six of them !' And then he thought, somewhat hopefully: 'Maybe someone got rid of the others !' But this hope didn't last, as he heard three other snarls behind him. It was just perfect . Not only were they fast and stubborn, they were also intelligent enough to cut him from any potential escape roads. Not that it mattered. He was too tired to flee, neither by feet nor otherwise. "Good," he said to the hounds, "come and kill me. It wasn't a good life, anyway." They were approaching slowly, clearly expecting another trick, a last attempt to save his life. Nevertheless, they were closing in, and would abide his last words soon enough. 'Maybe I should have ask them to leave me alone' Harry thought. Then he closed his eyes, and waited. Then he heard a feeble cracking noise, and a female voice. "Sweet Merlin ! Albus, what is happening here ?" Harry's eyelids jerked open. Three people were towering above him, clad in strange robes and wearing even weirder hats, whose wide edges were protecting them from the rain. There was an old, white-bearded man, with bright blue eyes; a stern looking lady, probably a little less old than him; and a far younger, greasy-haired, big-nosed man. The woman seemed shocked and the younger man grim, whereas the elder man looked serene as he answered his companion. "It appears, Minerva, that during all these years, we weren't the only ones searching for young Harry Potter." "No offence, headmaster," snapped the other man, "but these beasts are Hounds of Shadow ! Can't we leave the small talk until after they're defeated ?" "Of course, Severus," acquiesced the white-bearded man benevolently. "Minerva, would you please do us the favour ?" The woman nodded, and faced the closest three among the dogs, which looked at her with hesitation. Then she pointed a straight stick at them and cried: " Spiritus Lapidei !" A gust of dusty wind escaped the stick and directed toward the beasts. One of them was quick enough to dodge the dust, but the two others weren't. To Harry's great awe, they began to turn into stone, and soon, the former terrifying hounds were but statues, quiet and motionless – still terrifying, though. Apparently, the four remaining dogs didn't like their chances. They ran away, and the three robe-clad strangers didn't bother to pursue. Instead, the older one turned to Harry. "How are you, my boy ? Did they hurt you ?" The child within Harry wanted to answer 'No, thanks you', or maybe even 'No, thanks to you', but the survivor inside him was in control, and he retorted with his own questions. "Who are you ? Why did you save me ? And how do you know my name ?" Well, his first name at last. He couldn't be sure the white-bearded man got his surname right, for he didn't know it himself. One way or another, the harshness of his reply surprised the elderly man, angered the woman, but the third man just snorted, clearly amused. "The brat is an ungrateful one, but he's asking pertinent questions. Are you going to answer him now, headmaster, or should we wait until we're back at Hogwarts ?" "My office would certainly be more comfortable than the hard ground of a city's street" agreed the older man. "What do you say, my boy ? Wouldn't you prefer a pleasant chat in a dry, heated room, rather than here, in the rain ?" Harry hesitated, but not for long. The hounds had fled, which means the three of them – Albus, Minerva and Severus – were stronger than the beasts had been. Exhausted like he was, he stood no chance to escape. "Okay", he relented. " Your name is Albus, isn't it ?" The white-bearded man chuckled, while the other two stared at him comically. Clearly, an eleven years old boy wasn't meant to be on a first name basis with their companion. 'Too bad for them', thought Harry, 'I couldn't care less about conveniences right now'. Albus grabbed Harry's shoulder, and his companions seized his. Then he cleared his voice, and shouted: "To Hogwarts, Fawkes !" And the four of them disappeared in a blinding flash of red flames. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX One instant later, they were indoor, in a room full of books and of the strangest artefacts. Harry couldn't even begin to imagine what purposes most of them served. In fact, he didn't try to: his mind was on more important matters. Harry always knew there were other people with the same power as he. The black-cloaked men had taught him that much, when their attempted murder had involved throwing cars at him, setting houses in fire at an unnatural speed, or making large animals appear out of nowhere. It made sense that not all of these people would want to kill him on sight. As it was, it felt obvious that nobody here meant him harm. Especially after a wave of the old man's stick dried his wet hairs and clothes. But then, what did they want of him ? "So, Harry, why don't you take a seat" said Albus, gesturing toward a seemingly cosy chair in front of a wooden desk. He sat on the opposite side himself, but his companions stood still. Exhausted by a whole day of run-and-hide, Harry sat gratefully, but wearily. "Who are you ?" he repeated. "You clearly aren't part of the men in black robes." His words, Harry noticed, had an instantaneous effect on the three adults around him. 'Minerva' placed a hand in front her mouth as to prevent a small cry from escaping. 'Severus' blanched considerably, which, considering his already pale skin, was no meagre feat. Even the serene 'headmaster' frowned grimly. "No, we're certainly not part of these men." he declared, before