Disclaimer: Noppoh and me, do not own Harry Potter. We own the books and we are grateful that JKR is such a classy lady to let us play with her characters. The plot line is ours though. Oh and Ernest, was the first name that came to our mind, however, we would love to play with him a little more if he was real. -Sighs- Author's notes: Okay, a couple of days my dear friend Noppoh and I were just cracking about an adult sketch on Harry Potter and on a dare, we started a plot, this one… it's been a crazy 72 hours, but here it is. Hope you guys like it. Noppoh is one really cool chick and she lives in the best place in the world Belgium, check her stories out, she is one talented female and eats chocolate!... trying hard not to envy her. Anyways, that's it! Don't forget to leave a review! Once again in glory, the castle was standing tall. The war had ended three years ago, 1998 had been a dark year. The year 2001 was still unbelievable, at least to the staff, it was. It had been a couple of years since the repairs, and volunteers had finalized the job and exited the halls. It took 24 months after repairs, for the new ministry to gain the trust back. It took that period of time for the parents of both mundanes and old magical families to decide, and let the children of the British Isles, along with Ireland and Scotland return to the institution that Hogwarts School of Wizardry represented. Headmistress chamber. Minerva McGonagall stands in front of her vanity mirror and she sights."One more day", the woman said to the reflection in the mirror. "I can't believe I survived this long." Looking at her room and speaking as though the place was sentient, she added: "Tell me again, why did I accept this job as a headmistress?" She smiled and continued getting ready. Looking through her jewelry box, she made sure that the glamour charm was in place. She smiled to herself. Her aging glamour had never faltered. It was a little secret. Albus knew, but then again, Albus Dumbledore had his secrets and became exposed by that jackal Rita, not her. She wasn't an idiot, and after the day had run its course she would get back to her jewelry box and work on her script. She opened the secret drawer in the box, and admired the heavy stack of parchment concealed in it. Ms. Granger wasn't the only one who knew about extension charms. She looked behind her back. Merlin forbid anyone should find these memoirs before she passed away. The shock would be to much. Minerva smiled at her reflection. Marauders and Weasleys. It was no mistake, they all were Gryffindors. Many would wonder, why the subterfuge, an aging charm. The charm had its uses, and for most of the time it was on her, so her former students would not recognize her, and in consequence, her newest students would not be distracted. Oh, she was not the old crone that many described, she was indeed the prim and proper lady, while in professor McGonagall's or the headmistress character. She had to be convincing, she was an exemplary woman, a fighter, a brilliant warrior, and a lover of Quidditch, but there were facets of her that remained a mystery. Above all, she was a Gryffindor. Looking back to the old parchment, a name was clearly defined by her loopy calligraphy: "Ernest Finch-Fletchley". Minerva quietly laughed, she nodded and said to herself: "Oh Ernest, why couldn't you keep your antics to yourself?" Minerva looked at the pictures and there was one that always captured her sight. Her mother had been a breathtakingly beautiful woman. On her mother's line there was a magical creature blood. But no one talked about such a thing. Well Minerva couldn't hide her ascendance, and her parents realized that their daughter was going to have a lot of trouble, once she reached Hogwarts. Minerva's parents decided to craft a charm to hide their daughter's blood and appearance, and in that she was sorted as a plain girl, with a thick scottish accent and a latent talent for transfiguration, plus being a swot. Then there was Ernest Finch Fletchley. Finch, as she called him, was the boy that decided to make Minerva's time in Hogwarts hell. It seemed to Minerva, that Finch had no reason for living, until he met her, and decided to harass her to the point of tears, tears of rage on her part. It was only by accident that Ernest Finch Fletchley uncovered her secret. Minerva smiled to herself and admits. "Everybody was supposed to be asleep, even the house elves." It was shortly after Hagrid had his wand snapped. She was going through sixth year, it had been a tough week. That evening she had finished her rounds, and decided to go for a swim in the prefects bathroom. Her magic manifested only in transfiguration. Professor Dumbledore was quite fascinated with her progress, and after a very long day, she turned to her safe haven. It had been near impossible to take off her glamour. Minerva was more that used to her glamour face, it felt like a good blanket, but Merlin!, there were some days in which she just wanted to let her magical blood to be set free. She arrived to the prefect's bathroom, set her toiletries and after she removed her entire set of clothes, she took a dip in the pool, and set her glamour aside. She was swimming, and she emerged from the water to breathe, then someone greeted her with a sharp intake of air. Finch was there. The very bastard that always made fun of her accent, and the one that she got back at by besting him in all subjects. Only Tom Riddle had better scores than her, but he was Head Boy, and on his way out. But this bastard Finch Fletchley actually sneaked up on her and had a camera. Well the snake was going to get the full picture. She swam to the steps of the pool, covered in suds, and then with all the grace of a water Nymph, she walked out. The look on Finch's face was almost comical. If he had expected her to be shy and turn away, he had been very, very wrong. She could feel her blood heating as she walked over to the gaping boy, her hips swaying. She plucked the camera out of his unresistant hands. He was staring at her breasts, so she put her hands behind her back. The poor boy almost fainted, ooh, she would teach him. "Wanted to take a picture? In need of something to occupy your mind as you wank off at night?" She trailed her finger over the buttons of his shirt. At that point, he did actually faint. As Finch lost consciousness, Minerva laughed, and professor Dumbledore stepped out of the shadows and said: "I knew it, you are part Selkie, aren't you?" Minerva gaped, Dumbledore knew? Professor Dumbledore blushed. She raised her chin in defiance. There she stood, as graceful as a ballerina and fierce as a feline ready to attack, but then something hit her, he was blushing, but he wasn't aroused, like that perv Finch was. She thought to herself: "Oh my God! Dumbledore is gay, well what do you know?" She kept observing and concluded: "I guess everybody is entitled to their secrets." She smiled and decided to make him more uncomfortable. Gay or not, he had still intruded to the prefect's bathroom, when the portrait hiding it, informed him that it was occupied by a girl. Just as she was smiling, she lowered her gaze and looked at the spoil lying on the floor, and noticed he had a massive erection. Finch was out, but his cock was tenting, her magical blood was still in charge. "How to go about it" Minerva wondered, she smiled to herself and questioned without words: "Wanted to perv on us, did you?" Minerva waved a hand and in a feat of wand less magic, she banished Finch Fletchley's clothes and damn, the boy could have been Priapus god of fertility, if in fact he wasn't such a tosser on a regular basis, and displayed a bit more kindness. "Oh well, no sense in wishing for the impossible." On the other hand, she thought: "What would be the best way to embarrass a nosy, old wrench goat of teacher in this process?" She breathed in silence, and then added to the professor: "We really should take care of this..." Waving her hand vaguely to the perv. She looked Dumbledore dead in the eye and gave him a suggestive look, like the one depicted as the epitome of the classic haughty nymph. "You got any ideas?" Dumbledore stammered before composing himself. "We should get him to Madam Pomfrey." She inquired: "Naked?" She did a double take on Finch and then added: "If you think that would make Madam Pomfrey happy?" The elder replied: "Eu hm, no, no, not naked." Minerva started toying with her hair, shifting her weight, trying to seem indecisive. From the corner of her eye she could see Dumbledore was having trouble ignoring the nude and very good looking idiot on the floor. She crouched next to Finch. "Perhaps we should wake him?" She glanced over to Dumbledore and in a whisper said: "Creatively?" She wet her lips as she reached out the pervs massive boner. She heard the transfiguration teacher say: "No!" She inquired, in a low tone a voice: "No?" Silence and then "No," Dumbledore repeated, more evenly this time. "You should not do that." "Why?" Minerva asked innocently. "You want to do it yourself?" Finch came around and saw a woman, and not just any woman, the wet dream of any hot blooded male. She looked at him, and in her dark gaze, he recognized McGonagall. He became quite pale and started shivering, then he noticed, his clothing was missing. His willie was out, and she, wait.. she was looking up... Oh please, -Ernest plead in silence to the gods.- Please don't let it be Dumbledore. Ernest looked up, and he felt like he wanted the ground to open up and swallow him whole. The goddess on his side took pity and spoke: "Ernest, I'll make you a deal? You can take a picture of me and I'll take a picture of your penis? Or you can get up, put your clothes back on and forget about this incident, and leave me alone?, or I'll just let professor Dumbledore take you to madam Pomfrey, so they can administer a deflating drought?... which will it be Finch?" "I rather be Obliviated," answered Finch. Minerva and Albus raised an eyebrow and Ernest added: "This is my worst case scenario, naked, aroused, embarrassed and in the same room with the two people I cannot have..." "Excuse me?!" Dumbledore cried out, eyes wide. Minerva only smirked. So, he swings both ways, she thought. This is going to be fun! "Did I say that out loud? Oh no, I did not want to say that out loud!" Finch groaned. He tried to get up, but Minerva's slender hand pushed him back down. She could feel her magic building up, weaving into the minds and bodies of the two men present. She leaned in, to whisper in his ear "Perhaps you should try to get what you want, instead of simply dreaming about it." She threw a meaningful look at Dumbledore, who was turning redder by the second and shuffling to the door. Looking Finch in the eye, she gave him a mental push. Some extra encouragement, as it were. He got up, yelped when she gave him a little pad on his ass, and sauntered to the flustered professor. Ernest was shivering, but never