Hi guys! This is my very first fanfic ever! So please be nice and don't flame or anything. Please rate and review as well as favorite and follow! All the characters except Alex belong to Rick Riordan. The series also belongs to him too. I hope you guys like the story and don't worry, the POV's of the rest of the crew will be coming too. Alex's POV If there's one bad thing about fate, it's that it's inevitable. The idea that free will is an illusion is a scary thought. Especially for someone like me. But, I believe that if we try hard enough. Push past all the trials. Struggle through hell, and keep going. Fight till our last breath. Make our own choices instead of following destiny. Even fate can't control us. I'm rambling though. Let me start from the beginning. My name is Alex Wang and I'm sixteen years old. Oh, did I forget to mention that I'm a demigod too? A child of Apollo to be exact. Though, I was a special case. I came to Camp-Half Blood a little bit after what the older campers seemed to regard as the "Second Titan War", which definitely explained all the catastrophes that had happened about a year ago. I was one of the very new demigod children that showed up after what we called the "Baby Boomers" of demigods. You see, apparently we were all being claimed right away so there's always new recruits for the Camp coming every day. So, that special case I mentioned earlier. Yeah, well, apparently the amazing hero status of a being a demigod didn't really apply to me. To be more exact, I was a failure as a being one of Apollo's kids. By that, I mean I can't do ANYTHING a typical demigod child of Apollo can do. That includes anything art related to fricking archery! Like seriously, who knew the gods could make a mistake when it comes to making demigods. Especially my Dad, whom I've heard was quite the flirtatious god when it came to courting mortal women. Which explains why I have so many half-siblings. Though, I guess I shouldn't say I don't have ANY talents. There's one in particular that's actually pretty cool and very rare among the children of Apollo. My only special talent is the fact that I'm a healer. Now, obviously ALL of Apollo's kids are healers. But, I'm a little different from the rest. Instead of needing to use incantations, special healing paste, and ambrosia or nectar, I use the life energy from the sun and light itself to heal all kinds of injuries. Sometimes, I can even use my own life force, but it's a pretty dangerous thing to try. Either way though. Let me start from the day everything began. I was in the Big House checking the inventory of all the herbs and special ingredients Chiron had to make all kinds of healing remedies and potions. Since war with the Romans would be coming soon, Chiron wanted me to prepare and make sure we had a great big surplus of medical supplies around for the medics. And by medics, I mean just me. With my special ability, none of the Apollo campers had to be stuck in the backlines anymore being doctors. All my siblings would be allowed to go to the frontlines with everybody else and fight the war that I can never fight. "Well, fifty pounds of ambrosia…check. Thirty gallons of nectar…check. Ten boxes of unicorn horn shavings…check." I muttered. "Yup, got all of the supplies we need." I marked down all the medical supplies we had on the clipboard and started to write down an official report to give to Chiron which I found to be a total drag. It was then I felt a small tug on my pants. I looked down to see a little girl holding a princess doll and a dragon doll. "Alex! Are you done yet?" The little girl whined. "You promised you'd play Princesses and Dragons with me!" "Sorry Sophia." I smiled. "I just finished. We can play now." Sophia squealed in delight and began to run around me in circles. Sophia was a daughter of Demeter and was only seven years old. Apparently the satyr that found her said she had a powerful scent. Way more powerful than a seven year old girl should have. Chiron guessed that she was going to grow up to be a powerful child of Demeter, which I found easy to believe since she could make plants do what she wanted just by talking to them. One time she made them actually help me out with cleaning up the Big House which was really cool. She had short brunette hair that was about shoulder length. Her eyes were a dark green color which made me think of forests. And she had one tooth missing which I had to pull out for her since she said it was bothering her. Well, bottom line, Chiron thought she was too young to start training and had me become her twenty-four hour babysitter. That means she was my responsibility and that I'd be taking care of her and protecting her during the war. Which I had no problem with. She looked up to me like a big brother and I thought of her as a little sister. "OK Alex. You be the Princess and I'll be the Dragon!" Sophia demanded. She thrust the Princess doll into my hands. "Now, pretend you're stuck in a tower while I fly around and come save you!" "Alright then." I laughed. I sat up on the nearest bed and perched my doll on the bed post. "Help! Help me!" I said in a shrill princess voice. "Oh will someone save me?" "I'll save you!" Sophia yelled. "Here comes the dragon!" Sophia started to run around me making airplane noises and jumped onto the bed snatching the doll off the bed post. "I saved you!" She screamed. "I saved Princess Alex!" "Yes you did!" I laughed. I picked her up and started to spin her around while she giggled like a maniac. We both fell on the bed and she started to jump on my back. "You're best Princess every big bro!" She grinned. "No boy I know ever wants to be the Princess." "I'm only the Princess because I think you're best Dragon ever." I said while poking her in the belly. "And it's only because none of the other boys are as cool as me." She started to laugh and it made me happy I could make her happy. Especially after losing her father in an accident, I felt she needed someone to look after her. I sat there watching her play with her dolls more and it made me a little sad that the world might possibly end. She was too young to have to die. I prayed to the gods that Percy, Annabeth, and the rest of the Seven would succeed. I wished I could help them out though instead of being stuck here. Suddenly outside I heard a loud commotion going on. I sat upright and tried to listen again. It sounded like there were people arguing. Loudly. I got up off the bed and Sophia immediately hopped off too and followed closely behind me like she always did. I opened the door of the Big House just to find outside all my siblings forming a big circle. And I heard inside the circle there was a fight going on. I ran towards the circle. "Break it up! Break it up!" I yelled. I broke through the circle to find two guys inside. One was on the floor while the other one was standing over him. "Hey! Knock it off!" The one standing turned around to face me and I immediately felt anger boil inside of me. It was my half-brother Jesse. Jesse came to Camp around the same time I did. I used to think he was pretty cool until I found out he was making fun of me to everybody else behind my back about me not being a real hero. Jesse was literally the most popular camper out of all the Apollo kids. Heck, he was the most popular in camp ever since Percy, Annabeth, Jason, Leo, and Piper left. He looked exactly what a stereotypical Apollo child looked like. He had blond hair in a comb over and baby blue eyes. He was as buffed out as a male model too. And I only knew that because he's always taking off his shirt to impress the girls around camp. He was sixteen like me. His mom was the head of a record company so he was loaded and could always afford the best designer clothes. Unlike me. I looked nothing like my other siblings. I had somewhat short jet-black hair and dark brown eyes. I wore regular t-shirts and black jeans with Vans shoes all the time. I didn't have a lot of money and could only afford a few jackets and hoodies and stuff. Heck, I wasn't even the same ethnicity as the rest of my siblings. They were all mostly White, though there were a few other races too. but I was literally the only Asian one around. Like I said though, maybe Apollo messed up when he fathered me. I didn't fit the description of a normal Apollo child. "Well lookie here, we got the NURSE of the camp to come and stop this fight!" Jesse exclaimed. "Why don't you step aside and let us real heroes settle this." The Apollo campers all started to laugh at my little nickname which got me pretty angry. But I held it back knowing I didn't want to strain the relationship with my siblings even more. I wanted them to start accepting me and I couldn't do that if I started something against them I looked over to see who the kid Jesse was beating on to notice it was my other sibling Owen. Owen was two years younger than me. He had a short military style cut blonde hair that he had to have cut because he'd lost a bet to Jesse. He was shorter than me and sort of skinny too. He looked pretty fragile, but he was pretty decent with a bow. He was one of the newest additions to the Apollo cabin and still didn't really know how to fight very well. He was one of my very few siblings who didn't ignore me or treat me like an outcast. I noticed he had a black eye and a cut lip that was bleeding pretty badly. I glared at Jesse with the deadliest look I could muster. "Why are you picking on Owen?" I said. "He's new and hasn't done anything to hurt that inflated ego of yours." "Oh, no, it's because while I was flirting with one of the Aphrodite girls, he wasn't watching where he was going and happened to step on my new Supras." Jesse explained. He pointed down to his brand new designer shoes and I saw a small scratch on them. That just made me completely fed up with his drama queen attitude. "So let me get this straight." I was beyond annoyed with Jesse. "You're beating up your own brother because he stepped on your shoes. Are you an idiot? Or are you really just a dumb jerk." Jesse wasn't smirking anymore. He scowled at me and started to step closer until he was right in front of me. I had forgotten he was taller than me, but I didn't care. "Watch what you say punk." Jessed glared at me. "Before a real demigod's gotta teach you a lesson. I don't care if we're brothers, I'll kick your butt all the way to next week." "Bring it." I growled. We both brought our fists back and were about to punch when we were interrupted.