MINOR EDIT - THE PART IN BOLD! SCROLL DOWN IF YOU ARE INTERESTED. A/N A few people pointed out that Daphne was falling in love much faster. I will remind that the story is much darker than it looks. CHAPTER 1 A STROKE OF POTTER LUCK This changes everything. This just can't be happening. I thought looking at the damned piece of paper. It was more like a book. It was true then, 'The battle plan only survives the first encounter with the enemy.' One of the reasons I never planned anything. It was always Go with it, Potter. And who the hell sets such ridiculously notorious standards on a marriage contract that it didn't even got activated for 400 years? Like really! I can tell one thing though, FLEAMONT POTTER was a jerk. Oh god, he as much as went to set a standard for girl's breast size. I am just thinking how much my fiancé's father was embarrassed when he received the contract. I sighed. I checked time. They were late. Purposely I supposed. Wouldn't have wanted me blowing up in their face, would they now? I closed my eyes, using my Occlumency to remember who Daphne Greengrass. It did bring back cherished moments of my life at Hogwarts. Greengrass then. Little I knew about their family. They didn't support Grindelwald. But a lot didn't. You see, Brits saw him as a foreigner trying to impose his will over their country. I wonder how a dark lord was able to incite feeling of nationalism within wizarding Britain. Oh, it did help that the Muggles were against Grindelwald's friend-pawn Hitler. Voldemort was a little more subtle on recruiting, so I didn't know. But Dave Greengrass unnerved me a bit. I heard that name somewhere. Where? "Lord Peverell," It was a heavy voice. Calm and commanding at the same time. Something told me whoever he was, he was irritated. If I had to make a guess, it should be Lord Dave Greengrass. Regardless, even before he had started speaking I had opened my eyes, survival reflexes. He stood tall, donning Acromantula robes. His jet-black hair smoothened down and his brown eyes boring into mine. Beside him stood a blonde-haired woman. Lady Greengrass, I assumed. And another girl. A younger blonde. Younger than I expected my fiancé to be. I stood up and bowed. Damn Traditionalists. "Lord Greengrass, I presume?" Of course, who else would goblins allow to enter in the marriage chamber. "You may be right, Lord Peverell..." He trailed off as he looked into my eyes. Trying to intimidate me, huh? Not of any use. He continued when I didn't flinch or whatever else I was expected to do. "Meet my wife, Lady Annette Greengrass and my youngest, Astoria Greengrass." My unfaithful eyebrows shot up in surprise. Who the hell brings their younger daughter to discuss their elder daughter's betrothed. Regardless I greeted them and placed a kiss on their knuckles. Then , I also had to shake hands with Lord Greengrass. He had a firm hold. Mine was firmer. "I wish we had met on better terms, Lord Peverell." No, you wish we never met. If his eye's twitch was anything. I smile unabashedly. "Regardless, we should make the best out of it." At this, Lady Greengrass smirked along with my to-be-sister-in-law. Nail in the head. Slytherins. Damn predictable. Lord Greengrass just gave a nod. "You know Dad, just drop your facade. We are going to be family after all, and there's nothing you can do about it," Astoria spoke. Ah! I like this one... Lord Greengrass looked horrified and squirmed a bit while Lady Greengrass . Oh yes. The contract was ironclad. I chuckled loudly and decided to put an end to his misery. "Good thing you brought my to-be-sister-in-law." "Oh! I always wanted a brother to annoy!" Insufferable brat! How the hell did she end up in Slytherin. I was sure she ended up there as she wore Hogwarts robes. Lord Greengrass grinned dropping his aristocrat attitude, "You dug your own grave young man." Indeed. But, I was liking this family. My family. One I never had, though I had, and always wanted one I didn't had. Uh! Never mind. A smile crept on my face. "Call me Harry." "Of course. And, you may do the same to us," Lady Greengrass smiled. "It's a bit relief that you aren't sticking to the traditions. We only follow them in bureaucratic parties." A annoyed cough took our attention to the goblin siting behind the desk. "Shall we?" I asked, not wanting to further angry the goblin. Snarky creatures. You see, I always held a calm, composed and respecting personality when I wasn't on a murdering rampage. After receiving nods, I made my way to the right side of the table while they went to the left side. "Let's not further waste time of Sir Griphook, and get straight to the point," I said giving a nod to the goblin. He wasn't surprised. I always showed him the same respect but I could tell the Greengrass were. "Were there any questions, that you wanted to ask?" Of course, what else did we meet for. The damned contact was ironclad. "Are you virgin?" Astoria asked. Subtle. Very subtle. I was prepared, though. I would have been quite saddened if she didn't stand up to my expectations. You see, I didn't liked to be wrong. Griphook looked amused. Bloody sex-loving goblins. I chuckled. "Yes, Astoria." While Lord Greengrass glared at her youngest. Astoria was little put out when I didn't react much. Probably wanted to embarrass me. Probably? Who am I kidding. Definitely wanted to embarrass me. And, as if I was gonna tell the truth. The contract had nothing to with virginity of either. "Forgive my daughter. Tori is a bit – " "Gryffindorish?" I jabbed back receiving an glare from said girl. "I was going to say bubbly, but your description is more apt, Lord Peverell." He chuckled. "Harry," I corrected. "Not fair," She huffed. I wondered though why she didn't ask about my disappearance after taking OWLS? Probably she didn't remember there was a Potter in Hogwarts. I definitely didn't know whether she was. Damn , I didn't remember even if her sister was in my year. The Lone Gryffindor! That's what they called me. "May I ask though, how did this contract activated two years later than it should have?" Lady Greengrass asked curiously. "Who knows?" I snorted. "The clauses are quite ridiculous." Maybe your daughter grew up standard breast size for activating the contract. Lady Greengrass looked quizzically at me while Lord Greengrass turned red. Uh-oh! He didn't tell his wife about the clauses. Griphook cleared his throat, his eyes shining in mirth. "I believe that the contract got activated when Lord Peverell took his job at the Ministry. The contract states that both the parties should earn more than hundred galleons a month apart from their family businesses." Thank God for my good goblin relations. I really didn't know which clauses to reveal without embarrassing her or me. "I believe we should dissolve the post-marriage clauses, Lord Greengrass." I asked avoiding the questioning gaze of Astoria. She was cunning too. More than her mother. Shouldn't have called her a Gryffindor. Whatever payback she planned would be a bitch. How did I know? Experience. "Call me Dave, Harry. And, yes I agree to that." Of course you do. They were more ridiculous than the contact standards. Sex on floor? I didn't mind doing it but putting it as a post marriage clause? My idiotic ancestors. How the hell Fleamont Potter got the then Lord Greengrass to sign it, I would never know. "Yes Dave, that would be for the best." Only these clause could be dissolved. And it would avoid the awkwardness of my life after marriage. Scratch that! My life would still suck. "What those would be?" asked Lady Greengrass. Griphook coughed again. I do pay him well. "Quite a few actually. Regarding what type of clothing to wear. Quite ridiculous. It would be wise to dissolve them." Griphook missed to mention when to wear them and what to do after wearing them. Though I was more than grateful. It looked like Lord Greengrass was too. "Onto business?" Griphook asked. I nodded my agreement and we soon signed another contract dissolving the clauses. "Harry, we were wondering if you would like to meet Daphne?" I get a choice! Wow! I almost rolled my eyes. Almost. "Sure, Lady Greengrass," What was her name? Anna? "Excellent! Be a dear and call me Annette, Harry!" Oh yes, Annette. I scolded myself. I never did such mistakes on job. This was the first time I came unprepared for a meeting, only because it was in Gringrotts and I landed England today. It was inky option for me to move all the way from South Africa. Bloody laws... "Lord Peverell," Dave started. I didn't correct him. He was being necessarily formal. I could tell. He hesitated, "Daphne would like to keep her job after marriage." "Hmm. I am quite comfortable with it. What does she do, anyways?" Duh! Who am I to stop her from working!? Oh, Head of her House. "She works at Department of Mysteries. Doing god knows what." I didn't hear end of the sentence as I zoned out. Dave Greengrass was Captain of Griffin Team. Undercover Agent in the Department of Mysteries! Damn it! No wonder I didn't realise earlier. No one uses name in their department. Wearing impervious cloaks and hoods. Then how do I know? I shouldn't know actually! This shouldn't be a problem. I hope! "That's quite good actually," I commented putting up a smile which didn't look quite fake. At least I hoped so. "What do you at the Ministry, Harry?" Astoria asked. She was observing the whole debacle. "Oh, I lead the Invisibility Task Force and Muggle-Worthy Excuse Department. It is relatively a newer Department. They wanted to separate the Obviation Headquarters. Quite a busy department these days." Of course it was a busy Department these days, with Tommy boy leading the army of idiots against the Muggles and Wizarding society alike. "Ah, yes." Dave grimaced. "Is there anything else?" Griphook asked. I shook my head. Lord Greengrass just gave a nod to me before standing up, his family following. "We shall take our leave then, Lord Peverell," I shook hands with him. :::STUCK AMONG UNSPEAKABLES::: Daphne sighed. Now for weeks, she knew that the contract was ironclad. Nothing would change it. Her father had tried her best to nullify it, but it seemed it wasn't possible. "Can I atleast know who is it?" She asked her father in the comfort of the Greengrass Manor. Her father had forbid her to see the thrice damned contract or even know the name, reasoning it would be well if he didn't end up dead. She couldn't fault that logic. "Lord Hadrian 'Harry' Peverell, and before you kill him, he did agree to let you work... We didn't dissolve that clause in the contract," her father said as he put aside a leather-bound book. "And what should that mean to me? It's just a name." She snapped. It was thought to be an extinct line and she knew was going to marry a Peverell. She shuddered thinking it might have been the Dark Lord as Gaunt family did claim to be a descendant of Peverell line. It looked like it was an hell of contract. Her father nodded solemnly. He looked troubled, Daphne didn't comment. It all looked fishy. He sighed finally. "We did all we could, it gave you few months before you both face the repercussions." "Can I see the contract?" Daphne asked, knowing the answer. For some reason, her father didn't want her to know what was written in it. She did trust his judgement though. Her father pointed at the leather-bond book with an amused look. "THAT IS THE CONTRACT?