The Mistress of the Manor CHAPTER ONE SNAP! The crack of her apparition shot through the silent countryside. She stopped, her fingers closing tighter around her beaded handbag as she took a slow breath of the damp, cool air. She stood deep in the English countryside, surrounded by thick, ancient forest. Birds twittered quietly in the trees to either side of the walkway. Slate-grey clouds hung low in the sky, and a restless wind disturbed the loose tendrils of her bound-up brown hair. She stared straight ahead of her, trying to calm her heartbeat. A stern, magnificent manor house waited at the termination of a long, straight driveway, barred by a towering black gate. The symmetrical spires of the manor towered over the yard before it, and only a few of the house's windows were lit from within. Like a castle under a curse, its roofline and edges frowned with absent, distant forbidding. She straightened her black suit jacket, clearing her throat, and started forward. The gravel of the walkway crunched beneath her heels. More birds clucked and chirped in the thick hedge that bordered the lane. The tall, living border seemed to close her in—and she squeezed her bag even harder. Finally, she reached the lofty black gates, and stopped. She waited, clenching her jaw. The next moment, the groaning bars of the gate twisted themselves into a strange, menacing face—and its metal eyes fixed on her. "Who dares approach the gates of Malfoy Manor uninvited?" it grated. "I have been invited," she countered, lifting her chin. "My name is Hermione Granger, and I've been sent by the Ministry of Magic to teach here." The metal-barred eyes narrowed at her. She tried not to swallow, and kept her gaze fixed on the iron beast. "Proceed," the gate muttered—and the bars snapped back to their original positions. Burying a wince, Hermione forced herself to stride forward, straight at the gates—which remained closed. It's no different than the platform wall …She tried to remind herself. No different, just keep walking… But of a sudden, dark memories swirled like smoke all around her. She passed through the bars as if they were vapor. Then, she paused, letting out a shuddering sigh… And the manor itself loomed over her—a dark and haughty shadow. She made herself keep going. Straight up to the black front door, fighting to banish the echoing sensation of Snatchers ripping at her arms and clothes, flinging her roughly along in front of them, the icy cold of the darkness in the house falling down across her… The black door swung open with a low, weary moan. She bit her lip, and ventured across the threshold. Her footsteps muffled as she stepped onto an endless, fantastically-ornate, colorful rug that covered the flagstones of the great entry hall. The ceiling leaped up and away to a heavenly height, its rafters hidden by gloom. Life-sized portraits bordered by ornate gold frames marched along the long walls to either side of her—and one by one, each painted figure slowly turned to stare at her, saying nothing. The only light emanated from low-burning lamps protruding from the spaces between the portraits. Hermione stopped, feeling her blood run cold. The front door banged shut behind her. She jumped. The boom rolled like thunder through the manor. Then, an eerie clacking sound issued from a doorway to her left. Biting back a shiver, Hermione turned to face it… A shriveled house elf with drooping ears and nose toddled out from the darkness and squinted at her. And to her surprise, he wore trousers, a shirt, waistcoat, and coat. "Professor Granger, I presume." The house elf gnashed his teeth, and canted his head. "Yes," Hermione managed. "Though I'm just…I'm not actually a professor." "Hmf," the house elf grunted. "Makes no matter to me. I will show you to your room. Follow." Hermione nodded as the elf turned around and shuffled back through the same door. Hermione hurried after him—as the eyes of the portraits watched her. They passed through a narrower hallway with a more modest ceiling, still flanked by rows of severe Malfoy ancestors upon canvas. They reached the end of it, which opened into a small wooden room, at the end of which stood the entry to a medieval staircase. The elf led her onward, up the stairs. The spiral case wound up and up, their feet scuffing on stone. Lamps flickered to life every ten feet of their ascent, and extinguished behind them. At last, they achieved a landing, and the castle-like door swung open in front of them. "These are your apartments," the elf said, shuffling in ahead of her. Hermione entered, then slowed to a stop, her mouth falling open. The floors were polished stone covered in sea green rugs. Directly ahead of her, its head against the wall, sat a king-sized bed swathed in emerald blankets and pillows—and above it hung a tapestry-like half-canopy trimmed with tassels. The gilded French-style ceiling bore a huge circular mural of knights and ladies on a hunt. Against the right-hand wall stood a hearth bordered by white marble, in which burned a roaring fire, and atop it sat an ornate brass clock. Next to the fireplace sat a claw-footed bathtub. The wall to her left bore two tall windows hung with silver-and-gold curtains, and a broad writing desk faced the window nearest the corner. In the opposite corner stood a grim wardrobe, and at the foot of the bed, a trunk waited. And in the center of the room stood a circular table, upon which had been laid out a lavish tea. Lamps blazed throughout, as did the chandelier that hung from the center of the painting. "The lavatory is through here," the elf motioned, pointing to an open door off to Hermione's left. She glanced through to see a white marble room, a vast mirror, two sinks, toilet, and a glass-enclosed shower—and more fluffy white towels than she would ever need. "Thank you," Hermione said quietly, facing the bedroom again. "You have until three o'clock to take your tea and to change your clothes," the elf advised, starting toward the door. "Then I shall fetch you to the master." "Change my clothes?" Hermione's brow furrowed. The elf looked her up and down, his perpetual frown deepening. "Your attire is ridiculous amongst wizards," he said, slowly biting out each word. "Especially those shoes." Hermione gritted her teeth. Then, she took a short breath. "What is your name?" "My name is Nod, Professor," he answered. "You do know you aren't required to remain in servitude, don't you, Nod?" she told him. "I can see your master has given you clothes. You're free to do whatever you like." Nod eyed her. "Would you rather find your way to the master's study on your own?" Hermione blinked. Hesitated. "No." His eyes narrowed. "Then I shall be back shortly," he muttered, and left. The door swung shut behind him, leaving Hermione alone, with only the crackle of the fire to fill the silence. HDHDHDHD She had huffed, and thrown her bag down on the bed and stared at it, then paced back and forth once, twice… But she finally had rolled her eyes, pried off her heels, reached in the bag and pulled out a long, dark-blue dress, leggings, boots, and a broad belt with a wand sheath. She had changed, hung up her suit jacket and skirt in the wardrobe, and slipped her wand into her belt before assessing the room again. She glanced at the clock. She still had an hour and a half. Sighing, she made herself sit down at the tea, and eat and drink as much as she could. Rolling her eyes again, she had to admit that this particular type of Earl Grey tea was exquisite, and she'd never tasted such delicious tarts or cucumber sandwiches before. After that, she fished in her bag and found her toothbrush and toothpaste, brushed her teeth, refreshed her makeup, and then sat down at the desk near the window. Curious, she slowly pulled open the drawer… To find stationery parchment, stamped with the Malfoy family crest, accompanied by an elegant black-and-gold fountain pen. Her mouth tightened. "Seems appropriate," she murmured, and pulled out a sheet, and the pen. After settling her paper at the exact angle she wanted, she began to write. Dearest Ron, I'm so sorry that I had to break our date the other day, and even sorrier that I was unable to see you before I left. I wanted so much to talk to you about all this. As it is, I'll give you as much detail as I know now—and was unable to give you before—and perhaps you can answer me with a long letter with everything you've been thinking of. Apparently, just a year ago, the Ministry received an alert from the Protection Of Magical Infants and Children Association that fifteen orphaned children of Death Eaters had been found living in an abandoned house in Scotland. Five of these children—the youngest ones—have been placed with wizarding families to be raised as their own. But the other ten remain. The Ministry solicited several retired Hogwarts teachers as well as family members of those teachers to see to the further education and assimilation of these children, but no one accepted. They're all either busy or disinclined. Then, just last week, the minister himself came to my office and ordered me to fill the post, even though I have no teaching experience. He said, and I quote, "If you don't agree to teach them, no one will, and we'll have a little tribe of savages on our hands that we will be forced to simply kill or incarcerate in the end." You can see I had no choice. I'm not entirely sure how or why Malfoy Manor was chosen as the spot to house these students, but I suppose it makes sense: it's neither strictly Death Eater nor Order of the Phoenix territory, since the Malfoys defected. A bit like Switzerland, I suppose. It's also hedged in and protected by spells. I'm also not certain why no one has thought to send the students to Hogwarts. These children can't be very old, and I know the teachers would look after them. I just looked at the clock. I've only got a few minutes before the house elf comes and fetches me to Mr. Malfoy's study. I'm not exactly looking forward to that. Or any of this, for that matter. The house is dark and horrid, and extremely quiet. I wish you and Harry were here. Write back to me soon, and make arrangements to come visit me! I know that it's our very least favorite place on all the planet, but you'd make it a lot brighter by coming. Please let me know soon. Say hello to Harry and Ginny for me. Always yours. Love, Hermione DHDHDHDHDHD Her heart beat so fast she could hear it—and it hurt her throat. She stood stiffly in front of a pair of shining black doors, gripping her hands in front of her, trying to keep her chin up. The inside of her left arm stung like it was on fire. Nod, down by her knees, reached up and scratched a claw down one of the doors—in a well-worn path. Hermione squeezed her eyes shut against the noise. "Come in, Nod," came a call from inside. Hermione's eyes flew open. That wasn't Mr. Malfoy's voice. The door swung open. Nod trundled in, leaving Hermione behind. Inside waited a broad study with polished ebony floors and shelves. A black desk with a shining-but-cluttered surface stood cattycorner to the door, facing her. To the left of the desk, a tall window overlooked the front gardens. Books packed the shelves. A low fire burned in the skulking hearth off to the right, surrounded by armchairs and little tables. A portrait of some cross-looking wizard with a black beard hung over the