"Thank you for stopping by!" Over time, Dakota had perfected her retail voice to the point that she almost fooled herself into believing she was as chipper as she sounded. When she realized she was alone in the front of the store, however, she plopped down onto the stool behind the counter and sighed in relief. She might've been a good actress, but that didn't mean it wasn't exhausting. Even though it was just a summer job, Dakota felt like she was fighting exhaustion at every turn. She had no one to blame but herself, though, so she tried not to complain about it very often. The bell above the door jingled, signaling the arrival of yet another person Dakota would have to pretend to be happy to see. She stifled a groan and stood up, pulling a plastic smile that didn't reach her eyes at all. "Anything I can help you with today?" "Kota, it's me," a familiar voice called out from behind a shelf. "Chill out." "Oh, thank god," she grumbled, flopping back onto her stool. "What are you doing in this part of town?" Leah Clearwater poked her head around the aisle, munching on a bag of chips Dakota knew she had no intention of paying for. "Gotta go pick Seth up from a wedding, wanted to see if you'd tag along with me so I don't kill him. Plus, Ma wants to see you." "I don't get off until 9:00." "… Kota. It's 9:30. That's why I'm here." She looked at the clock, surprised to see it was actually a little later than when she was supposed to clock out. "Oh, shit. My bad." Leah strolled up to the counter and tossed the empty bag of chips into the trashcan at Dakota's feet. "So, you coming? We can stop by your place first and get you some clothes, and then go pick up the irritant." She didn't bother defending Seth (he really could get annoying), instead choosing to call over her shoulder at her manager in the back room. "Marnie, it's 9:00! I'm outta here!" Without waiting for her boss's response, Dakota punched her time card into the ancient machine and jogged out the door behind Leah, the tinkling bell in the doorway bidding them farewell. 0o0 Dakota had met the Clearwaters not long after she had moved to Forks with her mother, right after the divorce. She had been walking through town trying to make sense of things when a car ran into a ditch right in front of her, almost mowing her down. The driver of said vehicle happened to be none other than an 11-year-old Seth Clearwater, who would repeat the story of the dare that caused the whole situation to Dakota's mother at least 10 times before the woman got tired of dealing with it and decided not to press charges. Instead, Seth mowed their lawn every week that entire summer to make up for the worry he caused, and his mother Sue agreed with that punishment. In fact, she agreed with it so much that she demanded Leah help her little brother with the yard work, seeing as it was her dare that sparked the fire in the first place. When Dakota saw the other girl out in her yard with Seth, she knew she was looking at the mastermind behind Seth's grand mistake. She walked right outside and grabbed a rake, helping Leah pile up all of the cut grass and put it in garbage bags. Dakota and Leah hit it off instantly—both witty, smart-mouthed teenagers trying to grow up too fast. In reality, Leah did have about two years on her newfound friend, but neither girl really seemed to mind. They started hanging out outside of the two-hour window of opportunity on non-rainy Saturdays, and by the end of the summer, the two were inseparable. Leah had been there for Dakota through all of her appointments and medications and emotional yo-yoing, and Dakota had been there for Leah when she got her first real boyfriend, when he left her, and when her father died unexpectedly. There was a period of time after her dad passed that Leah seemed to disappear, never answering her friend's calls or being at her own home when Dakota would drop by—but it passed soon enough. Leah reappeared, all new muscle and new hair, but the same attitude that Dakota had missed severely. Although there was no explanation for the extended absence, she never tried to push Leah to explain herself. There was no need. The two were so close that they picked right up where they left off, as if nothing had happened. They were the best of friends, and each other's greatest comforts in times of need. "So, who's getting married again?" Dakota asked, leading Leah through the front door of her home. "The chief's annoying daughter and the youngest Cullenshit." "Bella Swan? Is she pregnant or something?" Leah snorted, as if the possibility was absurd. "Hell no." "Well thank god," Dakota sighed, piling clothes into an old duffel bag. "I don't think I could handle hearing about that bullshit all next semester." The dark-haired girl plopped on the bed, stuffing the other's pillows into a ball and curling up around them. "They invited the entire damn town: the Rez, too. It's so obnoxious, I want to puke." "Oh, yeah! Mom did mention an invitation in the mail, but I wasn't really paying attention. Guess it's no big loss, huh?" Leah opened her mouth to speak, but the shrill ring of her cell phone overrode her voice. With a dramatic sigh and some violent flopping on Dakota's bed, she wiggled it from her pocket and put it to her ear. "What do you want?" Dakota chuckled at the cheerful greeting, returning to the chore of gathering her things to stay over. She slipped her camera into the bag out of habit, making a mental note to talk to Leah about taking some shots. "What do you mean, 'freaking out'?" She zipped her bag and sat at the foot of the bed, watching Leah's expression change from annoyed to mortified in seconds. "On the way—I've got Kota with me, so don't be stupid." "What's going on?" Leah dodged the question. "Text your mom and let her know you're with me. We gotta go, now." Her friend sounded so serious that Dakota immediately complied, texting quickly as she followed her back outside to the car and climbed in: Going to Leah's, see you tomorrow! Love you! She punched send just as Leah whipped out of the driveway, causing Dakota's phone to fly out of her hand and into the recesses of the car. "Oh, shit!" Dakota exclaimed, staying unbuckled and leaning into the back of the car, searching in the darkness as Leah took turns at full speed, as if they were in Tokyo Drift rather than Forks, Washington. "Hold on!" Leah shouted, speeding down and old dirt road full of potholes. "We're almost there!" "Almost where?!" "The wedding!" She then slammed brakes, slinging Dakota violently forward. There was a moment of silence and, weakly, Dakota raised her phone in triumph. "Are you alright?" Leah asked as she climbed out of the driver's seat, bouncing on the balls of her feet nervously. It had been a long time since the older girl had been so jittery, and her friend noticed. "Not dead yet, so I guess." Dakota followed Leah's lead, pulling herself from the car with a grunt. "Wait in the car," she commanded. "I don't want you to get any more hurt than you already are." Dakota met the taller girl's gaze fiercely. "No. I'm coming with you." She searched the girl's face for any sign of fear she could play on, but sighed heavily when she found none. "Just stand back a ways and don't bring attention to yourself, then." "Yes, Drill Sergeant!" Leah trotted off towards a faint light in the forest, and Dakota followed closely behind. It was hard to maneuver in the dark, but she managed not to trip or fall. When the light came into clear view, nothing really seemed amiss with the reception. People were milling about beneath a ceiling of fairy lights to a soft, classical tune, laughing and smiling and nibbling on appetizers. In the far back, a group of women stood alone, looking towards the woods nervously. Dakota noted how similar they looked to the Cullens: lean, feral and beautiful, and surrounded by an invisible bubble that no normal person would dare cross. She followed their gaze, seeing nothing but mossy tree trunks. "Why'd we rush out here?" She whispered, still searching for something in the overgrowth. "Just stand over here," Leah murmured, walking away from the reception and deeper into the woods. "I'll be right back." Dakota nodded, waiting for her friend to get a few steps ahead of her before following as quietly as possible. Leah shot a stern look over her shoulder, but didn't try to stop the younger girl from following. It was, at that point, a waste of breath to try and steer her away. As they walked, Dakota's eyes adjusted somewhat to the darkness and she began to make out silhouettes of men amongst the trees. It unnerved her that she hadn't noticed them before because as she neared, the more intimidating they became. There were four of them, all ridiculously tall and broad-shouldered faceless figures in the dark. "He's gone. Seth tried to stop him, but he's run off." Immediately, Dakota recognized the voice; she had heard it over the phone at least a thousand times when she used to stay at the Clearwater home every weekend. "Any idea where he's headed?" Leah asked, oblivious to her friend's discomfort. "North. I need you to go after him—you're the fastest." "Sam, I've—" "Leah," his voice had an unnerving ring to it. "No arguments. If he refuses to come back, you and Seth can come home. It won't take you very long, and Dakota can wait at Emily's until you get back." Dakota piped up, albeit quietly. "Uhm, Leah… am I supposed to understand any of this?" Leah turned to her, flashing a smile so forced it hurt Dakota's heart. "Nope. Just take my car to Sam's and get one of them to ride with you to give you directions." She handed her keys to the younger girl before stalking off into the darkness, confusing Dakota to the point that she decided to actually speak to Sam for the first time in years. "What the fuck is going on?" She couldn't see the other guys very clearly, but the exhaustion on Sam Uley's face practically shined. It had only been about two years since she'd last seen him, but his eyes seemed much older. He sighed before speaking, the kind of sigh that could shake mountains. "I couldn't tell you." "Where am I supposed to be going, then? I'll get out of your hair," she spoke more kindly this time, although still rudely by typical standards. "I just need my navigator. I know you moved, but not where." Typically, Dakota would've just gone home and made some soup before marathoning DVDs well into the night. It was the first time in months Leah had been available for more than a few hours, however, and even though sitting at Sam's would be awkward, it would be worth spending quality time with her best friend. Well, that and she was painfully curious about who was missing and why they had to drive there in such a hurry and, most importantly, why in the hell Leah was taking orders from Sam Uley. "Paul, will you ride with her? I need Quil and Embry on the clock." Sam addressed one of the figures in the shadows, putting strange emphasis on his words. "Yeah, okay," the man grumbled back. "Just put me on babysitting duty." Dakota was offended. "If it's too much trouble, I can