Idisclaim all of Tolkien's characters, locations, plotlines, etc. I will try to keep to his work as much as possible, though but everything does belong to his genius mind. A/N: This story is AU, as I switched the roles of Faramir and Éowyn in the Houses of Healing. This is my first, so I would really appreciate some constructive criticism to help me along. Hope you enjoy. - Riyabryn 'Boromir!' Faramir called. He could see his brother just a short distance away. A young woman with long black hair and a very familiar older man stood next to him. They smiled sadly as he called out to them. 'Father! Mother!' They were so close. If he could just run to them, he could be with them again. He didn't deserve to live anyway. He started to walk towards his family. It was a struggle and it was painful, but he was determined. "Faramir!" Faramir turned around to see a man dressed in the simple garb of a Ranger, but had a strong air of kingliness. His dark hair accented his piercing grey eyes. Faramir knew instantly that this man was the lost heir to the throne of Gondor, the hope for the White City. He could not prevent that happening, which is what he would do if he lived. "Faramir, you need to come with me." His voice was kind but commanding. But this Ranger was not Faramir's King yet. Faramir was not willing to go back to the world of the living. He did not deserve to go back. His family was waiting for him. Faramir smiled sadly. The man held his hand out to him. Faramir shook his head. His time had come to leave the world behind. "Your life does not have to end. You can live. Faramir… you have a second chance. Come with me. Choose life over death." Now the man seemed to be pleading with him. But his place was not among the great. He took a deep breath. "My life was always cursed. I wish it had never begun. I was rarely shown love, and those who did give it to me are gone. I have no reason to live." His father had made sure he knew that. But he had forgiven his father, for it wasn't his fault that he was Steward during the Dark Days. He looked back to make sure his family was still there. They were, but they were fading quickly. He needed to make his decision—life and likely sadness, or death and his family. "Faramir. You will be loved if you live. Your people already love you for who you are. I will need you by my side if I aim to take up the throne of Gondor." Faramir raised his eyebrows. He was not so easily fooled. "You don't need the second son of a madman to rule. All you need is someone from the Council to show you around and give you his opinion. And you'd be letting down all of Gondor if you refused the crown." He smiled slyly. "Besides, 'The hands of the King are the hands of a Healer'. You have given yourself away now. The people will expect you to embrace your destiny. Gondor needs a King or she will fall into ruin." The man sighed and drew back his hand. "I will need a friend who can be frank with me in his opinions. In addition, there may be a chance that I might not live through the last battle. Who then will take care of Gondor? It will be thrown into chaos." Faramir frowned. He didn't have much time. "You underestimate your skill in battle. Now, let me go." The man shook his head. "If you stay any longer you shall kill yourself! There are others who need you more than I. You should not waste your energy on me." He took a step back. The man's eyes filled with fear. Faramir smiled reassuringly. This was where he belonged. His body started to fade. "Faramir! Gondor needs you! You cannot leave her or her people. You are the last of your line. There is no one else to keep it going. You must live! Faramir!" Faramir shook his head. "Who would miss me? The people will rejoice at the news of my death." "That is not true and you know it. Please! Fight this darkness. For the city you love you must stay with me!" "I have made my choice. It is irreversible. You must leave me to my fate. Go. I will be fine. I will see my family once more." He was still smiling. A white light came from the older man's body as he was pulled back to the land of the living. Sorrow showed plainly on his face. 'Don't worry. This is but the beginning. Heal the others. Save Gondor. Bring down the Dark Lord. Become who you were meant to be; the king of Gondor.' With that, Faramir succumbed to the darkness surrounding him. The man was blinded for a moment by a white light… Aragorn gasped as he came back into himself. "Faramir!" he looked down at the body before him. It was still and not breathing. A smile was on his face. He seemed at peace. Gandalf sighed softly. He had known that it would be a futile effort to try to persuade Faramir to live. He was just glad that Aragorn had made it back. "I failed. He is gone." Aragorn was distraught. What if he lost the others that needed his help? Would he fail them as well? A hand touched his shoulder. "There are others in need of your skills. Faramir's chances were slim to begin with. You did not fail him. The others will not be as reluctant, I am sure. Go to Éowyn. She needs you, as does Merry." Gandalf sounded weary. Aragorn nodded. He got up and, with one last look at the man on the bed, headed off to another room. He spotted Prince Imrahil and the Guard, Beregond, waiting for news of their Captain. He gathered his courage as they spotted him and started walking towards him. "Aragorn, is he alive?" Imrahil asked. Only then did Aragorn remember that Faramir was Imrahil's nephew. Beregond had forfeited his life to prevent his Captain from being burned alive by his father. He had failed them as well. "I am sorry. I lost him." Aragorn visibly saw the two men pale. He felt guilty for not being able to save the one they loved. "No. Faramir would not have left us. He would have stayed for Gondor. To take up the Stewardship. He would not die." Imrahil didn't want to believe that Faramir was gone. Beregond was silent but a great sorrow was in his eyes. "I am sorry. You may go in to see him if you'd like. I must tend to other patients." Imrahil walked off into the room. Beregond left as well but spared a nod in Aragorn's direction. Aragorn sighed and went to see if he could help the Lady Éowyn and the Halfling Merry. Imrahil stood silently just inside the door. His nephew lay, white as a sheet, on the bed. His black hair hung about his face in a painfully familiar manner. Imrahil's mother, Faramir's mother, had looked much the same when she died. The smile on both of their faces was especially hard to bear. It seemed that Faramir had willed himself to die. Imrahil hated the mere suggestion of such and tried to purge it from his mind. But it clung to his thoughts in the nasty way that the truth seemed to do. Beregond wanted to try to comfort the Prince Imrahil, but he didn't know if it was appropriate. Instead, he walked to Faramir's side and took his hand in his own. It was icy cold to the touch. His face was fatally pale, making his dark hair stand out all the more. It was his smile, though, that brought tears to the Guard's eyes. It seemed to bring a sad sort of relief, or satisfaction. It seemed Faramir's way of saying it was his time; that he was going to a better place. Imrahil took Faramir's other hand, trying vainly to chafe some warmth in to it. "My Lord, it is no use. He will not wake. We were too late. It is time to let him go." Beregond was doing his best to be sympathetic. Imrahil shook his head and started to work on Faramir's lower arm. "He is my sister's youngest son, my nephew. I have known him his entire life. I cannot just let him go. I will not yet just give up." Imrahil was now working on the upper part of Faramir's arm. Beregond sighed inwardly. He knew that Faramir was beyond help. He trusted the dark Healer-Ranger that had tried to save his Captain. Imrahil was desperate, though, and refused to believe that the last son of his beloved sister was gone. All of the sudden, Beregond frowned. It wasn't possible. Hadn't he just told Imrahil that? But he was sure he had seen Faramir's soft smile waver, for just a moment. He looked up at Imrahil, wondering if he had seen it as well. The intense look on the older man's face told him all he needed to know. "My Lord Imrahil! He's coming back! It must be your actions, or your words. Keep going!" Beregond winced as he realized he had just given an order to the Prince of Dol Amroth. The Prince hardly noticed, just rubbed even more vigorously. "Stay with us Faramir, stay with us. Come back from the shadows! Do not lose hope! Faramir, please, see the light!" Imrahil pleaded with his nephew to rejoin the living. "Captain!" Beregond cried. "My Lord Faramir, please do not leave us! You are loved, Captain, I promise! Please, do not leave us! Lord Faramir, please!" Faramir's eyes fluttered slightly. "Faramir? Faramir, can you hear me? Are you alive? Faramir!" Imrahil was begging with the Valar to bring the man on the bed back to him. "Faramir," he whispered, "come back." His chest rose and fell so slightly that Beregond wasn't sure he had actually seen it. But when it rose and fell again he started to believe that there was any hope at all. "Faramir," Imrahil breathed. Faramir moved his head to the left slightly. His sad smile had all but disappeared. "Beregond, try to find Aragorn. He will know what is happening." Beregond nodded obediently and an off to find the dark man who had tried to heal his Captain. He found him coming out of a room and shutting the door gently. "My Lord Aragorn!" He turned around at the voice, wondering what could possibly be wrong this time. He saw the Guard who had tried to save Faramir. "My Lord Aragorn!" "Yes? He can't have gotten any worse, can he?" Aragorn was very tired after bringing both Éowyn and Merry back from the Black Breath, and was saying things that he normally would keep to himself. "No. In fact, it seems he is getting better. He was—well it seemed he was dead, and then all of the sudden he started to move and breathe and we don't know what caused it. The Prince Imrahil told me to inform you as you would be the person who could know what is happening." Aragorn stood still, his face turning pale. Faramir was still alive? How could it be; he saw the man fade into the darkness himself! "I will come and see him." He followed the Guard to the room and there, as Beregond had stated, was a very much alive Faramir. His chest was moving up and down, albeit very slightly, and his sad smile had vanished, replaced by a pained frown. His head was slowly moving back and forth but he had not yet woken. His skin