Disclaimer: DD: lol, I just noticed the way I sign the disclaimer looks like a sad face. Vanya: That has nothing to do with this, what brought it up? DD: I have absolutely no idea... Vanya: Would you be so kind as to get on with it so your readers may enjoy the story? DD: um... why don't YOU do it? Vanya: You merely wish to run outside and join the others in the snowball fight they are having. DD: that's... only part of the reason. The snow is so noce and fluffy, and perfect for snowballs! *looks out window* OMG! It's snowing AGAIN! Vanya: The quicker you get the disclaimer done with, the quicker you can get outside. DD: wait, why aren't you outside? Vanya: I was, but Elrohir and Rumil shoved a large snowball down my tunic. DD: You are such a child. Go make another snowball and pelt them in the face with it. Vanya: *evil grin* I believe I shall do that. DD: Would you be so kind as too...? Vanya: of course. Both: DragonridingDunedain225 owns nothing save her characters Vanya and Minuial, and a miniscule portion of this plot. DD: SNOW TIME! The night was calm and quiet. A few lonely bids chirped here and there, but everything was, otherwise, silent. A slight southern breeze ruffled the colorful leaves of fall, sending several blowing off the trees, while others held on vainly. It was this night that found a young woman sitting on a large bolder. She wore an earthy colored cloth shirt, soft leather trousers, a leather vest, and a weather-beaten forest green cloak. On her feet were high boots made of soft, yet durable, leather. Her head was trained to the south, listening to voices that the wind carried. Slowly, she turned her head to face the west. The sun had been long down. Looking up, she saw that the moon was almost at the angle that she would wake Aragorn and get some sleep herself. Standing up, she stretched and silently walked around. Scanning the trees and bushes, and finding nothing around, she woke Aragorn up. ' Wake up .' She said. ' It's your watch. ' Aragorn sat up and ran his hand down his face. ' Alright, get some sleep; we shall head out once the sun has risen. ' He replied. ' See you in the morning Vanya. ' Vanya nodded and curled up in her cloak. A small, four-legged figure crept over to her. It had shimmering red scales and a black stripe running from its head to the tip of its tail. Turning towards it, Vanya scooped it up and laid it next to her. The small creature was a dragon. It had hatched only two days before and was slightly bigger than a cat. Vanya had named it *Minuial. With the small creature beside her, she quickly fell asleep. It seemed like only a few minutes before Aragorn shook her awake again. ' Let us go, the sun is up and we must get to Bree. ' He said. ' Very well. ' Vanya answered. Standing up, she looked around. More leaves had fallen off the trees and had been scattered around. The light breeze that had been blowing during her night watch had turned into a gusty wind. Minuial woke up and clambered up onto Vanya's shoulder. ' It is going to rain. ' Vanya said to no one in particular. Aragorn nodded in agreement. ' But not until tonight, I should think. ' He said. Together they packed up the small camp they had made that night and set off towards Bree. They were a little more than eight leagues away. Arriving just before the rain, Vanya and Aragorn stabled their horses in the inn and sat in the far corner of the room. Vanya scooted the little dragon into the darkest spot so the glimmer of its scales wouldn't be noticed. The last dragon to be seen was 'Smaug the Golden.' He was a powerful, but greedy, reddish-gold dragon. He had died twelve years before Vanya's birth. With consuming Dragon-flame, Smaug ruined the city of the Men of Dale and broke the door and wall of the Lonely Mountain. The Dwarves that lived there fled or were slain and Smaug took the riches of the mountain and the town: gold and gemstones, mithril and silver, elf gems and pearls, the many faceted crystals of emerald, sapphire and diamond. Men still knew the stories of Smaug, and the sight of a dragon again would cause a panic, even a small one such as Minuial. So Vanya kept her hidden. Minuial made a small squeak, indicating she was hungry. ' You must stay silent. ' Vanya said to the small dragon's mind. ' I will get you something to eat soon, but you must stay silent. ' The dragon snorted, signifying it understood. ' Good girl. ' Vanya told her. Vanya and the dragon had a mental connection, each knew what the other was feeling, or thinking. Once Minuial was big enough, Vanya would be able to ride her. But until then, she had to teach Minuial about the world around her. But the mental connection was not restricted to just the dragon. Both Vanya and Minuial could make their thoughts know to other people. And as long as they kept the connection, the other person could reply in the same manner. Just then, Mr. Barliman, the inn keeper, wandered over. 'Anything I can get you?' He asked. Like most folk around these parts, Barliman was nervous of the Dunedain, or Rangers, as they were called by common folk. 'We need a plate of beef and a pint of ale.' Vanya replied shortly. Barliman nodded and hurried off, happy to have them not want to talk. After he left, Vanya glanced out the window at the pouring rain. 'I hope the rain does not hinder them.' Vanya said, meaning the hobbits. 'If they are anything like Gandalf said they would be I'm sure they'll be fine.' Aragorn replied. Barliman came back with the ale and the meat a moment later. But he didn't stay long. Vanya put the plate on the seat next to her and Minuial snapped up the meat. A moment later the door opened and four hobbits came in. Aragorn and Vanya shared a glance, and then turned their attention to the hobbits. The newcomers walked up to the counter. 'Can we-' began the one in the front. 'Half a minute, if you please!' shouted the man over his shoulder, and vanished into a babble of voices and a cloud of smoke. In a moment he was out again, wiping his hands on his apron. 'Good evening, little master!' he said, bending down. 'What may you be wanting?' 'Beds for four, and stabling for five ponies, if that can be managed. Are you Mr. Butterbur?' 'That's right! Barliman is my name. Barliman Butterbur at your service! You're from the Shire, eh?' he said, and then suddenly he clapped his hand to his forehead, as if trying to remember something. 'Hobbits!' he cried. 'Now what does that remind me of? Might I ask your names, sir?' 'Mr. Took and Mr. Brandybuck,' said the leader; 'and this is Sam Gamgee. My name is Underhill.' 'There they are.' Vanya whispered. Aragorn nodded and they pulled their hoods up. The hobbits were being introduced to several of the men around and were sharing stories with other hobbits. Suddenly, the hobbit who had checked in noticed two people were listening intently to his conversation, a strange-looking weather-beaten man and a tall, elegant woman. The man had a tall tankard in front of him, and was smoking a long-stemmed pipe curiously carved. His legs were stretched out before him, showing high boots of supple leather that fitted him well, but had seen much wear and were now caked with mud. A travel-stained cloak of heavy dark-green cloth was drawn close about him, and in spite of the heat of the room he wore a hood that overshadowed his face; but the gleam of his eyes could be seen as he watched the hobbits. The woman was dressed in a similar fashion, but did not have a pipe. She sat in the darkest corner of their table, and seemed to be stroking something. Although what it was could not be seen. . 'Who are they?' Frodo asked when he got a chance to whisper to Mr. Butterbur. 'I don't think you introduced them?' 'Them?' said the landlord in an answering whisper, cocking an eye without turning his head. 'I don't rightly know. They're a couple of the wandering folk -Rangers we call them. They seldom talk: not but what they can tell a rare tale when they have the mind. They disappear for a month, or a year, and then they pop up again. They were in and out pretty often last spring; but I haven't seen them about lately. What their right names are, I've never heard: but the man's known round here as Strider. Goes about at a great pace on his long shanks; though he don't tell nobody what cause he has to hurry. And the woman is always with him, so the people have taken to calling her Shadow, 'cuz she follows him around like a little shadow. But there's no accounting for East and West, as we say in Bree, meaning the Rangers and the Shire-folk, begging your pardon. Funny you should ask about them.' But at that moment Mr. Butterbur was called away by a demand for more ale and his last remark remained unexplained. Frodo found that Strider was now looking at him, as if he had heard or guessed all that had been said. Presently, with a wave of his hand and a nod, he invited Frodo to come over and sit by him. As Frodo drew near the two threw back their hoods. The man had a shaggy head of dark hair flecked with grey, a pale stern face, and a pair of keen grey eyes. The woman had long, smooth, black hair, and angular face with a pair of pointed ears, and piercing green eyes. 'I am called Strider, and this is my… companion.' he said in a low voice. 'Most call me Shadow.' The woman said. 'We are very pleased to meet you. Master – Underhill, if old Butterbur got your name right.' Strider said. 'He did,' said Frodo stiffly. He felt far from comfortable under the stare of those keen eyes. 'Well, Master Underhill,' said Strider, 'if I were you, I should stop your young friends from talking too much. Drink, fire, and chance-meeting are pleasant enough, but, well – this isn't the Shire. There are queer folk about. 'And there have been even stranger travelers through Bree lately,' Shadow said, watching Frodo's face. Frodo returned his gaze but said nothing; and Strider made no further sign. His attention seemed suddenly to be fixed on Pippin. To his alarm Frodo became aware that the ridiculous young Took, encouraged by his success with the fat Mayor of Michel Delving, was now actually giving a comic account of Bilbo's farewell party. He was already giving an imitation of the Speech, and was drawing near to the astonishing Disappearance. Frodo fidgeted, wondering what to do. Pippin was evidently much enjoying the attention he was getting, and had become quite forgetful of their danger. Frodo had a sudden fear that in his present mood he might even mention the Ring; and that might well be disastrous. ' You had better do something quick! ' Shadow whispered in his mind. Frodo jumped up and stood on a table, and began to talk. The attention of Pippin's audience was disturbed. Some of the hobbits looked at Frodo and laughed and clapped, thinking that Mr. Underhill had taken as much ale as was good for him. Everyone in the room was now looking at