Title: Rise of the Dark Angel Author: Mykkila09 Beta reader/Co-Author: Tonks-is-Cool Chapter: 1: Aftermath of the DOM Settings: AU after OOP: It's canon up to the beginning of the battle at the DOM when they are in the veil room, after that, it's AU and mine. Summary: What if Harry wasn't as naïve as everyone thought? What if the whole 'Golden Boy' routine was just an act? What if losing Sirius caused Harry to reveal his true persona? After all, there had to be another reason, besides the given, why the Sorting Hat wanted him in Slytherin. Pairings: HP/DM; LV/SS; LM/RL; NL/LL; RL/BL; RW/HG Warnings: This story will contain mentions of Violence, Child Abuse, Alcohol Use, Adult Language, Slash/Het Sexual situations . Please discontinue reading if such scenes or themes are offensive to you. Disclaimer: I own nothing…if I did, Ginny would have died in the CoS, Dumbledore would have choked on his lemon drops and Harry would have stood up for himself against Molly and Dumbledore. Disclaimer 2: This story is based on characters and situations created and owned by JK Rowling and Bloomsbury/Scholastic. No money is being made and no copyright or trademark infringement is intended. Original Posting Date: Tuesday 12th October, '10. Quote: "In the world of storytelling there's no such thing as an original idea; what makes the story unique is the way in which you use the idea." He knew it was a trap the moment he got the vision, but he didn't care; if there was the slightest possibility that his godfather was here, then he wasn't going to take any chances. His godfather was one of the final links to his parents and the short time they had spent together, he had come to love him the same way a son loved his parent and he knew that he couldn't lose him. As he looked out across his friends, he saw that a Death Eater was holding each of them. Looking into their faces, he could see the fear in each of their eyes, but something else as well: Neville's eyes held determination along with his fear, Luna's held a slight indifference/amusement as if she was her own world, Ginny along with Ron and Hermione looked angry with him. A part of him, the part that he kept buried, scoffed at it. He refused to allow it to affect him, as he had told them repeatedly that he would rather have come by himself but they were too stubborn to leave him alone. A whoosh behind him had him turning around and he came face to face with Lucius Malfoy. "How does it feel Potter," the man's silky, ice-cold voice drawled. "To know you've led your friends into a trap?" Harry didn't answer; he just kept staring at him, his eyes holding boredom and amusement if you looked closely. He casted a quick look around before bringing his eyes back to Lucius, his hand tightening around the orb in his palm. "It's utterly foolish of you to think that you mere school children can go against us," Lucius spoke. He was slightly annoyed that he wasn't drawing a reaction from the dark haired teen. Nonetheless, his Lord appointed him a task and he needed to complete it. "Now, hand over the orb." "Don't do it Harry," Neville's voice rang out clearly, filled with the same determination that Harry had seen in his eyes. "Don't give in to that bastard." a grunt was followed and Harry knew that the Death Eater had tightened his hold on Neville. Harry raised his hand, holding it out to Lucius, the orb glowing brightly between them. Lucius had a smirk of triumph on his face as he reached out to take it. He looked at Harry and was surprised to see a tiny smirk on the teen's face, green eyes lighting up mischievously as the orb slipped from his fingers at the last second, falling to the ground before shattering. A small mist wafted up before it disappeared. "You insolent brat," Lucius snarled as he drew his wand. "You will pay for that." The cold look in Harry's eyes unnerved him slightly, but he didn't let that stop him. He raised his hand, but could do no more as a voice behind him spoke up. "Get the hell away from my godson." Lucius turned around only to come face to face with Sirius Black before he was thrown backwards from the spell sent at him. Harry ducked out of the way and watched as the other Order members came in, freeing the rest of his friends. He turned back when he felt a hand on his arm. "You ok Harry?" "I'm fine Siri," he looked up at his godfather. "Are you ok?" "I'm fine pup," Sirius smiled slightly. "Now let's work on getting you and the others out of here." "Don't even think about it," Harry's tone of voice left no room for arguments. "I'm staying with you; I'd rather be here fighting than be back at the school worrying about whether or not you'll make it back." Sirius looked into his godson's eyes and knew that he wouldn't leave, so he nodded and pulled him into a quick hug. "Stay close to me." "Got it," Harry nodded. The two turned back to the others and joined the fight. Spells flew across the rooms as each side tried to take out the other. Not ten minutes in, a loud cry went out; Harry had just cast a Disarming and Stunning spell at a Death Eater when he heard the familiar cry. Looking up, he saw Hermione on the ground, McNair standing a few feet from her. He saw Tonks cast a spell at McNair, throwing him away from Hermione before rushing to her. He and Sirius made their way over to them and got there just in time to hear Tonks. "I managed to stop the blood flow and close the wound," she said. "But she'll need to either go to St. Mungo's or see Madam Pomfrey." "How are you feeling Hermione?" Ron asked as he knelt next to her. He held in a gasp as he looked at her; she had a cut running diagonal across her chest, starting from her right shoulder down to the left side. "Sore," Hermione groaned. "It hurts a lot." "We got to move guys," Harry said as he cast a Shielding Charm against the hex that was sent their way. "Harry and I will cover you," Sirius said. "Tonks, you and Ron get Hermione to safety." He turned to his godson. "Let's go." The two once again engaged themselves in the battle, leading the Death Eaters away from the others. While Tonks and Ron were taking care of Hermione, Remus and the others were busy fighting off the rest of the Death Eaters. Sirius blocked a curse that was directed at Harry from Lucius and continued fighting. "Sirius move!" Harry's voice sounded just before he was yanked down, missing a Cutting curse that came from one of the Death Eaters. "Aww," a voice cooed. "Is my ickle cousin going to let baby Potter protect him? How shameful." "Bellatrix LeStrange," Sirius yelled as he turned to the owner of voice. "You're mine dear cousin." "Bring it on Black," Bellatrix yelled back. The two engaged in such an intense duel that watching it stunned even some of the Death Eaters. Seeing the two cousins go at it seemed to bring a renewed strength to each side and the fighting increased. What happened next would change the outcome of the war in ways no one would've ever expected. Sirius was still fighting against Bellatrix and was currently winning. He had so many taunts that he wanted to say to the crazed witch, but he knew that he had to keep a clear mind as his godson and one of his closest friends where fighting for their lives. He couldn't afford to be cocky and arrogant and lose his edge. He fired a Cutting spell at Bellatrix and was about to fire another, when he saw a Death Eater aiming a wand at his godson's back. Harry's safety more important than his own, Sirius did the one thing he never should've done in a battle: he turned his back on his opponent. Sirius cast a Banishing hex at the Death Eater and watched as he flew through the air, hitting the wall with a thud. Harry had turned around when the Death Eater had yelled out and looked over at his godfather in gratitude; the look soon turned to horror however, when he saw Bellatrix with her wand pointed at Sirius' back. "SIRIUS LOOK OUT!" Harry shouted as he tried to make his way to him. Harry´s shout had alerted others, including Sirius and he turned only to see a familiar green light heading towards him. Unbeknownst to him he was only feet away from the Veil, so when he tried to duck the curse he stumbled instead and could do nothing as he felt his body fly backwards straight to the veil. Just before the curse hit him, his eyes sought out Harry and he saw the terror etched onto his face. His last action before the light hit him was to push every loving thought of Harry he had into his eyes and the regret that he would leave him behind. The love, acceptance and grief in Harry's eyes and his name on his lips was the last he saw and heard before his body was engulfed in a green light, falling backwards into the veil. "NO!" Harry shouted as he raced forward. He tried to go towards the veil but felt hands grabbing him and holding him back. "NO! LET ME GO!" "He's gone Harry," a grief-filled voice, which he recognized to be Remus Lupin, spoke. "He's gone." Harry struggled in his hold, his grief compelling him to go after his godfather even though his heart knew what Remus was saying was true; Sirius was gone, not only had he been hit by the Avada Kedavra Curse, but he had fallen into the Veil as well. "I killed Sirius Black," Bellatrix's maniacal laughter rang out in the room as she moved through one of the doorways, clutching her left arm, the one that was hit by Sirius' Cutting Hex. Harry struggled out of Remus' arms and ran after her. He chased Bellatrix through the circular hall with the revolving doors, down the main corridor and up the clattering lifts. Harry´s lift reached the Atrium of the Ministry of Magic only moments after Bellatrix emerged from hers. He saw her running towards the row of floos and boiling rage filed him: she would escape! Raising his wand, he sent a Bone Crushing Hex at her hip and watched thrilled as she fell to the floor, screaming in pain. "Aww," despite the fact that she was in pain, she shifted enough to look at Harry and taunted him. "Is poor Potter going to avenge his godfather?" She let out a crazed chuckle as she looked at him. Harry felt rage rise up and course through his entire body; his gaze filled with hatred as he looked down at the witch. He raised his hand as a curse came to his mind; it was the only one that he knew of that could inflict as much damage and pain onto her. He poured all his pain and anger into the spell. "Crucio." Bellatrix's screams echoed throughout the Atrium. "Hurt's doesn't it?" Harry asked coldly. "Crucio." She screamed again as she felt the power of the curse over her; to her, it was close to those, or maybe even worse than those that came from the Dark Lord. As he watched her writhe on the floor, the part of himself that he kept buried thrived on the pain he was giving her. He released the spell, and felt a dark satisfaction go through him as her