Setting: Seventh year it's AU in that Voldemort died back in 1981, Sirius was pardoned in 3rd year as Pettigrew was found and captured and he was also able to gain custody of Harry (so no more Dursleys) and also, big point, there are no Horcruxes at all in this story. Summary: Harry and Draco deal with their friends and family, and the school's, reaction to their newly revealed relationship. Pairings: Draco/Harry; Ron/Hermione A/N: this is a companion piece to Musings of a Spy . When I was writing it, I got the idea to write this one. Again, this is not canon and is a major AU (as all fanfictions are simply AU as they don't happen in canon) and it's also part of the babyvfan gift bundle. Enjoy! Disclaimer: Harry Potter and all its affiliates belong to JK Rowling, Bloomsbury/Scholastic and Warner Bros. Studios. No copyright or trademark infringement is intended and no money is being made from this. In layman terms; I DO NOT own. ' Thinking' "Speaking" Draco grinned when Harry playfully shoved his shoulder, his grey eyes lighting up as he took in the sight of the shorter boy laughing so freely. It always warmed his heart whenever Harry was so free like this, without the stares and pressure from everyone else. It was hard being who they were, the Boy-Who-Lived and the son of a "alleged" Death Eater, but they had made their friendship work. They weren't always friends. Their first meeting at Madam Malkin's, when neither knew who the other one was, went horribly when a then eleven-year-old Draco had unknowingly insulted Hagrid, the only adult who'd ever been kind to Harry, and it didn't get any better later on when they had arrived at Hogwarts and Draco had once again tried to be friends, but Harry had openly rejected the blond's hand of friendship, after he had insulted Ron Weasley. After that, Draco Malfoy and Harry Potter being rivals were solidified and eventually, it simply became a part of Hogwarts to the point that it was just background information unless something truly big happened. And then third year had happened and he had happened to overhear a comment Harry had made to Granger about being happy that he could now leave his relatives behind and live with his pardoned godfather, and also Draco's cousin. The statement had caused him to frown and had ignited his curiosity. When fourth year, and that damnable Tri-Wizard Tournament had happened, things had changed. They had run into each other one night and after an exchange of insults, Draco had unintentionally questioned Harry about whether or not he was scared about being in the tournament. After seeing the sincerity in the blond's face, Harry had spoken that he was and after that, things had changed between them. By the time the end of the year had rolled around, they were friends and midway through the summer, they had gotten together. Of course it was all kept secret as they admittedly enjoyed having something secret from everyone else and something that was simply theirs. And as they walked to the Hall for lunch, both knew that neither one of them would change what happened between them for anything. They were caught up in their conversation, not even realizing how close they were getting to the entrance. They always parted beforehand so that they could enter the Hall separately and without raising any suspicions or awareness from their peers, but this time, they forgot themselves. As they were finishing up their conversation—not realizing that they had already entered the Hall and that conversations were slowly dying down as everyone stared at the two famous rivals talking and smiling so contentedly with each other—they did what they always did when they parted ways after meeting; they kissed. It wasn't deep; there wasn't any tongues involved. Just a gentle press of lips, moving familiarly against each other. It lasted seconds and they pulled away, smiling at each other, until the unnatural silence penetrated their bliss and they realized where they were and what they just did. The urge to turn and run filled both boys, but they resisted and stood their ground, staring at their peers in defiance, despite the horror and apprehension they were feeling. Almost subconsciously, they shifted closer to one another as Ron, Hermione, Blaise, Pansy and Ginny made their way over to stand in front of them. Harry and Draco stared at their mixed group of friends that stood in front of them, ignoring the way the rest of the students were staring in complete rapture. They weren't important. The people in front of them were. "What the bloody hell is going on?" Ron demanded, his face turning red in anger. "What is this?!" Harry sighed. "What's going on is that Draco and I are together." "Is this some kind of joke?" Pansy hissed, blue eyes narrowed on the two in front of her. "Does it look like we're smiling?" Draco raised an eyebrow at her. Seconds later, he grunted when Harry's elbow dug into his side. "You can't be serious!" Ron glared at the two. "Harry! How can you be with-with him?!" Ron continued with his rant, with interspersed comments from Pansy, until Harry had enough. "Stop." He didn't raise his voice, but the tone of command was strong enough to shut both of them up. "We're willing to talk about this and explain, but not if you're just going to yell at us and refuse to listen." With that, the boys turned and walked away, but not before grabbing some food to eat as they left the Hall, leaving everyone staring after them. ~…~ Draco and Harry head out the school and towards the lake. They find a nice spot and after conjuring a blanket, sat down with their food to eat, and to talk. "As bad as we expected?" Draco asked after a moment. "Well, I expected them to be so upset that they went silent," Harry sighed, "so I guess a yelling Ron was a bit better." Draco looked towards his boyfriend. "I know how important Weasley's friendship is to you, so if you— Harry sat up and turned to look at the blond, effectively cutting off his words. "No! Yes, Ron's friendship is important to me, but so are you Draco. Draco, I'm happy, unbelievably happy, when I'm with you. I don't want to lose Ron's friendship, and it'll hurt if that's what it comes down to, but I'm not giving you up." Grey eyes lighting up in delight, Draco leaned in and kissed Harry. "I love you too. And I'm not giving you up either." ~…~ The rest of the day passed by with the boys together and ignoring the stares and whispers that followed them. They sat together in classes, enjoying the fact that they could honestly and openly sit with each other without being forced to by the professors, despite the fact that they were on the outs with their friends. They avoided the Great Hall at dinner, instead choosing to go to the kitchens for something to eat. After their dinner, they shared a goodnight kiss and parted ways, each heading to their own common room, knowing that their friends would possibly be waiting for them. They weren't wrong. ~…~ When Harry entered the Gryffindor tower, it was to see a fuming Ron pacing in front of the fireplace with Hermione, Neville and Ginny sitting around. The rest of the room was filled with students; some openly staring at the group, and others at least trying to be discreet about it, but it was obvious that all of them was waiting for him and waiting to know the truth and what would happen next. Holding back a sigh, but knowing he needed to get this over with, Harry made his way to his friends. "Hey." "That's it?!" Ron stopped pacing and glared at his best friend. "That's all you have to say?" "What else do you want me to say Ron?" Harry asked. "How about what the hell is going on between you and Malfoy?" the redhead demanded. "How could the two of be together? You're not even gay!" "No I'm not," Harry agreed, completely derailing the other teen, but he wasn't the only one confused. Ginny however let out a breath of relief. "I told you Ron. It's probably a spell or something that Malfoy put on him. You can't trust anyone in that family." Harry shook his head at the redheaded girl. "It's not a spell or anything and not only do I trust Draco, but I love him." Ron was confused. "But you just said you weren't gay." "I'm not," Harry told him, "If you recall, back in fourth year, I had a crush on Cho, and wanted to date her." "You're bisexual," Hermione stated. Harry simply shrugged. "So what?!" Ron near exploded, "How can you bloody well date Malfoy?! Malfoy of all people?! After the way he's treated us over the years?" "He's changed Ron," Harry replied calmly. "He's a Malfoy," Ron countered, "Nothing good will come of it." "Believe that if you will," Harry told him, "but you're not going to change my mind. I'm dating Draco and I'm going to continue seeing him. I know that things haven't been good between you guys and him, but if he's willing to move past it, then you should be too." "You've got to be kidding me?!" Ron shouted. "Harry," Ginny stood up, "You can't possibly expect us to be nice to Draco Malfoy? And I can't believe you're dating him. He called Hermione a "mudblood" remember? And the way he's bullied others. Ron's right, you can't date him." At that, green eyes narrowed and flared with fire. "I can't ? Exactly who do you think you are?" "Your friends I thought," Ron sneered. "Exactly!" Harry snapped, "My friends. Not my parents and as my friends you can't tell me who I can and can't date. You do not get to dictate my life just to suit your purposes! I came in tonight hoping to talk to you, to explain how it happened, but you don't want to know that! All you want to do is to tell me what you think I should do. Well know this Ron, Draco and I are together and you need to find a way to deal with it because I am not dumping him just to please you." "So you're choosing Malfoy over our friendship?" Ron was aghast. "You're the one forcing that choice Ron," Harry told him. "Not me." ~…~ Down in the Slytherin common room, things were going pretty much the same way. Draco stood in front of his two friends, unapologetic and unflinching in the face of Pansy's fury. Blaise on the other hand, stood back and watched the proceeding with amusement in his dark orbs. "If you have something to say Parkinson," Draco spoke up, "then say it." "Potter?!" Pansy sneered, "You expect us to believe that you're actually dating Potter, of all people?" "You can believe it or not," Draco told her, "but that won't make it any less true." "You're out of your mind Draco," Pansy said. "Did you even think this through? You're the Malfoy heir. Do you really think your father will allow you to be with Potter? Especially when it is your duty to provide your own heir to carry on your family line?!" "I have thought this through Pansy," Draco replied, "I thought it through in third year, then again in fourth year and after we got together just before fifth year. Harry and I have been together for basically two years and trust me, no one has thought this through more than us." Pansy scoffed. "And you're willing to turn your back on everything we are, everything your family is, just for that half-breed?" she went to say more, but the look in the grey eyes stopped