Summery: Another story about youngLegolas. Mistakes that he and his father had made could cost the prince's life. Painful mistakes Legolas was fuming with rage, striding through the forest in a swift pace. He had never seen his father so mad before. Young prince could not forget the strange glint in the king's eyes, his lips pressed in a tight line and the expression of a great disappoint that he could easily read. Legolas knew well that their family had a hard times after the queen's death and Thranduil being a king had the problems of a whole realm on top of his grief. Especially now, when evil was pressing hard, covering their once fair forest with the thick shadow, eating the light inch by inch. Still, Legolas could not understand why he was to be the target for his father's anger. In human terms he was fourteen. A teenager who needed love and reassurance but received disapproval and anger instead. He had lost his mother after all! Legolas knew that he was far from being a good warrior, but he was skilled enough to survive in the woods on his own. Anyway, it was better than to stay in the palace, receiving his father's furious looks and bold words whatever he do. Actually, young elf was aware that he did stupid thing leaving the palace alone, but he could stay there no more. He needed to spend some time alone, to collect his thoughts and feelings, figuring out if he still has a place to call home. Legolas knew not how long was he running. He slowed his pace realizing that he must have gone far away from the palace. Light feeling of danger washed through him, tickling his nerves and sending chilling shivers down his spine. He cursed himself inwardly for being so careless. Praying that he could still avoid whatever was threatening to happen, he stealthily moved among the trees, his senses sharpened. But only few minutes later he understood that it was in vain. He had been noticed. They were humans. And by the sound of it, many of them. Too many for a young elf to handle. Yet, Legolas was a son of the stubborn and proud warrior and he would better die in the fight then willingly surrender himself to his foes. With the determination shining on his pale face, young prince prepared to fight for his life till victory or death. If Thranduil was there, he would be proud of his son. Legolas fought well. That was his first real fight, but the outside observer would be convinced that the elf in front of him was a well trained warrior despite his youthful appearance. Legolas didn't want to kill this humans. It was wrong. They weren't supposed to be their enemies. Elves would kill orcs, wargs and spiders for they were the results of the work of evil. But humans were children of Iluvatar as well, the race that had rights to live in Middle Earth no lesser than elves did. Yet, his life was at the rate and the prince was eager to keep it. He managed to wound few of his attackers and was holding a good defense against the others when suddenly a pain exploded at his shoulder. Legolas cried out softly when the sword that had pierced his arm was jerked out. That did hurt. Valar, he had never received wounds like that before! While he was trying to subdue the pain something hard hit the back of his head and the world went spinning before it blackened out completely. XXX "Well met, Elrond." Thranduil greeted his friend although his heart was far from being at peace. "Nice to see you too, my friend." Elrond replied smiling. "How things are going in your kingdom?" Thranduil sighed knowing Elrond too well. Elven lord had obviously sensed his discomfort. "Far from well." He admitted. "I guess I'm loosing my son, Elrond. I have been very hard on him..." He shook his head. Elrond had always managed to dig the well hidden feelings and worries out of him. "Why don't you just tell me all of it?" The lord of Imladris suggested. Thranduil smiled gratefully and nodded. He looked around frowning. Where was Legolas? That boy could be angry with him, but he knew his responsibilities as a prince. The king called a servant. "Bring us something light to eat." He ordered. "And find the prince." The servant bowed in respect and hurried away. Thranduil offered Elrond a sit in the comfortable armchair while placing himself in another. The Imladris' lord could clearly see the fatigue and inner pain on the face of the king. He sighed. The tragedy of loosing a queen was still fresh for the Mirkwood kingdom. "Let me help, my friend." He asked softly, putting a comforting arm at the king's shoulder. "As I has already told, Elrond, I'm loosing my son. We are arguing a lot. He became more rebellious and I have a hard time with all the shadows that are hanging over Mirkwood... I know that sometimes I'm unjust with him, but I can't help it." Elrond frowned in concern. It seemed that there were more than one problem in this kingdom. A knock at the door broke the line of his thoughts. Thranduil whipped his head up. "Come in." A servant entered the room. By the look of his pale face and slightly trembling hands, the news he brought were ill. "My Lord." He bowed respectfully, swallowing hard. "I'm sorry, my lords, but young prince is missing." Thranduil was about to tell the servant something harsh for interrupting, but suddenly the meaning of the words registered in his brain. "What do you mean, he's missing?" He roared standing up. The elf in front him flinched a bit, paling even more. "He is nowhere to be found and his weapons and traveling clothes are gone." He said, barely controlling himself. Elrond frowned. That was bad. He place a hand on the king's shoulder taking his attention away from the servant. The elf almost sighed with relief. "Thranduil, we'd better find him quick." Elrond told firmly. "On my way here I heard the news about large gangs of humans. They had already attacked some villages and few elves had disappeared without a trace while working in the forest. I think those gangs are working for slave traders." King's face paled at this words. He turned to the servant. "Send for my captains." XXX Legolas opened his eyes. Pain in his shoulder and throbbing in his head were merciless. He found himself being banded and laying near the tree. Two pairs of legs came in his view, but he has no strength or desire to lift his head and see his captors. "Look, who's awake!" One of the men kicked him in the side, anger and hatred evident in his voice. "Little bastard." "Easy, Kirc." Another voice told. "He'd be better alive for us." Legolas could feel the displeasure of the man called Kirc. But the second one must be their leader. The elf took a deep breath in spite of the dull pain in his side and turned his face toward his captors, careful to place as much defiance and fury in his sight, as he can. He looked the two humans over. One of them was tall and muscular, his arms and face badly scarred. By the expression on his face, it was Kirc. The other one was smaller, but something in his stature spoke about his power and deadly danger. The man smirked. He pulled Legolas into sitting position, pressing his back against the tree. "Who are you? What are you doing in this forest?" Legolas asked, staring at the human's angrily. Kirc backhanded him violently. "You are in no position to ask questions, little elf." The leader hissed, grabbing the collar of the elf's shirt and squeezing it tightly. "What is your name?" Legolas pressed his lips in a tight line, one that he had seen so many times at his father's face. The men backhanded him again, slightly irritated by the lack of fear at his captive's face. But Legolas kept silent, looking at his captors as if he was going to burn them, warm blood trickling down his face from his nose. "Answer!" The man shouted, pressing his back into the tree trunk to the point when Legolas could barely breath. But the elf didn't speak, grim determination at his face. He knew that if this people whoever they were would know that he was an elven king's son, it would be worse then if they torture him or kill. The leader of the humans glared at him for a minute or two. Than he shoved the elf back to the ground and turned to his companion. "Alright, Kirc. Have your time. Make him understand his situation, but do no damage beyond repair. We need him good enough for sale." With that the man was gone, leaving Legolas at the mercy of Kirc. Now the elf was truly frightened. Legolas saw the evil glint in the man's eyes when he came near and the wide cruel smile that played his lips. But what scared him even more were the last words of the leader. Being sold? Oh Valars! XXX Large group of elven warriors were moving through the forest. Thranduil was gently holding a broken bow that was his son's favorite weapon. Ever since they've found the traces of a fierce battle, the king spoke to no one. Elrond looked at his friend worriedly. "Oh, Elrond, what have I done?" Thranduil whispered in despair. "Legolas is now in the hands of a cold-blooded slave traders. And all because of me." "Don't blame yourself." ''How can I help it?" Thranduil exclaimed, his calm facade shattered to pieces. "Ever since his mother's death he had no real home within the palace walls." "Calm yourself, my friend." Elrond said firmly. "You both had made mistakes. But let us concentrate on finding Legolas, so that you would be able to settle things." Tranduil nodded tiredly. "I'm sorry, Elrond. i just can't loose my child, especially when I can loose my kingdom any minute." He than lifted his head high, a new spark in his eyes. "But I swear that when we find this blasted humans, they will pay dearly for harming my son." XXX Legolas regained consciousness once more. It was almost dawn now, the darkness of the night swiftly fading to the gray twilight. He could not make his brain work properly. His whole body ached like never before. He could not clearly remember those few hours he spent with Kirc. All that was carved in his mind was pain, pain and even more pin. He wished to believe that it was no more than a nightmare, a figment of his imagination, but it was not. And violent agony stabbing through his body was the brightest prove to that. Kirc was angry because Legolas wounded him during the fight in the forest and almost killed his brother. Even though this human wasn't producing an impression of a sentimental person, his pride was hurt. And that was the main cause for his anger. But Legolas also suspected that his obviously sadistic inclinations play a large part in that as well. Kirc whipped and beaten young elf until he passed out. And then he awoke him and beaten once more. Legolas though could be proud with himself. They didn't break his spirit. His body was badly injured, his face stained with tears, but inside he was still an elven prince, not the slave. And not even death would change it. He was laying still, in pain and fatigue. The greatest wish he had was to go back in time and tell his father that he understand his duties as a king and is aware of a great burden that Thranduil was caring all by himself. And