Hey! God it's been so long since I've written anything! Or even published on here. Truth be told - I got a huge batch of writers block, and I worried over many personal things in my life. The writers block didn't help as I was going through a rather dark part in my life and now I'm recovering, I'm wanting to express creativity again. It's my life dream to be a successful writer, or even just a writer, but I need more experience of writing before I get the courage to actually submit any of my own personal work to an agent or publisher. In the months that I've been off writing stories on here, I've taken up some role-play writing. I started on some forums on here, before advancing to adult role-play on a great place called Elliquiy. Google it! Seriously, if you are thinking of wanting to expand your writing skills and imagination, role-play is a great way of doing that. Adult role-play is just so much better. If you are into that sort of thing ;) When I decided to finally come back here, I told myself several things: 1. I would actually set the story out, plan it and complete it. I would choose how many chapters, how many characters, how many dramatic moments, etc. 2. I would actually finish it! Then I had to decide what I would write, and for which genre, or piece. I have this idea, and an idea for Fifty Shades of Grey. I knew that I needed one to get me started, and truth be told that the Fifty Shades of Grey story plan I have is my baby and will ultimately be my main one. But I'm not going to start that yet, as I need to finish planning it all out and I want to write at least ten chapters before publishing the first, to get me started. This one is my baby starter, something that will get my juices flowing. I started off reading Twilight when I got into actually reading books, and I got hooked into the supernatural/fantasy genre. I've advanced in reading material to books like Vampire Diaries (which in my opinion are poorly written, but have a great plot and characters!), True Blood, Harry Potter, etc. But the one thing that always stood out for me in Twilight, since although I love the franchise I'm not a huge twi-hard, I'm just a fan, but the Volturi kick it for me. They are awesome, and the whole darkness about them lures me in, especially how dark and sinister Caius is, or how power hungry yet insanely crazy Aro is. That is why this story is involving Aro, my favourite character, and a sort of revamped Bella. I like her to be kind of kick-ass, knows how to stick up for herself, and live away from spouses. So without ranting for longer than I already have, I present to you the opener. It hasn't got much drama in, just a little opener. This is going to be told from Bella's POV, but it might stray to Aro's halfway through if I feel something needs explaining. The Volturi won't appear in this chapter, there will be mentions of a few of them in the second chapter though! Enjoy! :D Katie :) Life had not yet been fair on me and I couldn't blame it, always finding faults in myself was a game for me. Edward and his family had left me, not once but twice, and I found that this time my reaction was different. Of course I still wasn't prepared for the sharp sting of reality, and the fact that even though I had flown to a different continent to prove to him that I was still alive and still very much loved him, he had chosen to leave me in the dark again to go away with his family. Screw his excuses of not belonging in his world, I did and now the Volturi very much demanded me in that world since I would have to die if I didn't turn into a vampire. But Edward hadn't seemed to think of that properly, as he claimed they would forget by the time I had grown up and moved to university and so on. Perhaps they would but I couldn't worry about that now. Charlie had been on high alert since they left again, and I was grounded because of going to save Edward's ass. That only made it worse as I couldn't at least cheer myself up by going to do something that would take my mind off the Cullens. I still very much belonged in that family in my mind, and I don't know whether the rest of them missed me or not. Alice's email had, yet again, been disabled and every message I had tried to send had been denied. I had given up trying after two days of failed attempts, and had decided to not mope and prove to Charlie, if not myself, that I could live my life without them, I had before hadn't I? School was the same, only this time I spent a lot more time with the group of normal friends I had managed to acquire before I had become immersed in the Cullen family. Jessica was a lot nicer to me since Mike was solely focusing on her, and not me. Angela was friendly, as always, and so was Ben. But Lauren would glare and boast about how the Cullens weren't needed here, obviously since they had left. Jacob came over most weekends, since I couldn't go to him, and we studied together. He seemed to know the line between us and that I wasn't quite ready to start thinking of him in that way yet, and even if I was ready to start I don't know if I ever would. I was sad I couldn't begin to think of him in more than that way, but he understood and that made him my best friend, my rock tying me down. Mum had rung or emailed daily, until I had politely asked her to keep it down to possibly three phone calls a week, and occasional emails. As much as I loved talking with her, I needed to be able to rely on myself to deal with my problems more than pining over them with someone else. Dad, as I had now begun to start calling him, more than Charlie anyway, was spending a lot of time fishing with Billy, or at work, and when he was at home we'd spent quality time bickering and teaching him how to cook. There would be times I wouldn't be here, and I hated that he'd be ordering takeout to satisfy his hunger. All in all, my life wasn't great but it wasn't bad, and I knew where I stood now. Edward still didn't want me, the Cullens were more prepared to listen to him then negotiate me in their lives and Jacob was the only guy I trusted to hear my secrets, and be a total goof around. But this wouldn't last for long; nothing did. "I can't believe you're still grounded," Jacob teased, sitting beside me in the living room as we watched a random comedy movie. "My Dad would usually ground me for a week and make me do chores." I laughed, rolling my eyes as I nudged his side with my elbow, turning my eyes on the movie which was starting to bore me immensely. Dad had gone overboard with his sentence of grounding me, it was rather hilarious but it annoyed me. "I know, but what can I do? Charlie reckons what I did deserved at least ten years of grounding, so I should be happy he only reckoned three months would do." Jacob guffawed; rolling his head back to look at me as he held out his hand, offering me some of the popcorn he had been stuffing his face with prior to talking. I took his offer and popped a few of them in my mouth, chewing through them as a rather shrilled laugh came from the movie and I cringed. "You only have two days left until freedom then! What you going to do once you finally get to see the sun shine?" he joked, looking at me with a smug grin. "Hey! I go to school, I see some of the sun, but this town is so rainy it hardly gets the sun anyway, so I don't care," I replied, punching his arm as I settled to rest on his side. "You just are too smug because you get to take advantage of the sun up at the reservation." "You bet," he retorted, smiling as he seemed to go into a memory. "It's so awesome up there to just sit back, relax, and learn. You really should just leave Forks high to come join us up there." I laughed, shaking my head. It would be too weird and besides Charlie would never allow it. As much as he liked everyone up there, and believe me if he could move up there he would, he wouldn't like me changing schools. "I like going to a normal school." I smirked, watching him as he put on a look of hurt, and shook his head, laughing. We ended up watching the rest of the movie in a comfortable silence, swapping the remote to turn the volume up or down, and throwing popcorn at one another. By the time Charlie walked through the door, we had finished and were clearing up after ourselves. He smiled and nodded at Jacob, raising an eyebrow at the popcorn covered floor, before hanging his coat up by the door and moving to the sofa, dropping down with a sigh. "Have fun?" I asked him, looking outside to see the usual fishing gear hanging out to dry. "I take it that it rained, then?" Charlie nodded, seeming to want the quiet as he gazed over at the telly which was now returning to daily channels. He looked to Jacob, then me, and smiled once again. "What did you two get up to then?" he asked, stretching his legs as we looked to one another, shaking our heads with a chuckle. "Just a movie," I replied, whilst Jacob had other ideas. "Sex." I gasped, eyes wide, looking over at him with a glare. Oh, he's going down. Charlie sputtered, looking at us both, unsure who to believe. I mean one would believe said daughter, but then again with my track record of running off to Italy to save someone who just left soon after, he didn't look to believe me. Frowning, I shook my head. "We didn't have sex, Dad, he's having a joke. Aren't you Jake?" "I'm just joking with you, Charlie," Jake responded with a loud laugh, moving to stretch and stand. "But I do have to be going, Dad is expecting me back soon." Charlie seemed to let out this huge sigh of relief, but he had a look that said he would kill us both if something like that happened again. He wasn't one for jokes, and whilst he was really quite supportive of the idea of me and Jacob as a couple, he was still a bit uncomfortable on the whole 'my daughter is growing up, and can have sex now' bit. "Alright, well you make sure you come back soon, Jacob," Charlie replied, already half turning to face the telly to watch what I could only assume was now baseball. "Bella keeps nagging she has nothing but work to do." I rolled my eyes and led Jacob away before they could get all buddy and discuss everything. Stopping at the door, we hugged and I whacked him over the head of his trick of trying to make Charlie believe his word over mine. "I'll see you soon, Jake," I said, smiling as he walked down