REDEMPTION J K Rowling owns all the rights to the books and the amazing characters she created. I write only to satisfy my imagination and use my creativity and make no money from my writings. Chapter 1 – Plans Lord Voldemort was back and with a vengeance that would scare Satan himself. He had spent 13 painful years as a disembodied wraith but it had given him time to think and plan what retribution he would cast on the world. He spent his time surviving and using animals for temporary bodies because he received some relief from his pain in a living, breathing body. The creatures didn't last too long and it was embarrassing living as one of them carrying out their daily lives. He didn't mind them hunting and killing their prey as that was part of his own nature. But it was the grooming, the search for a lair and the association with their peers he despised. He had learned very early, much to his horror, to inhabit males only because even though he took over the animal's body and what passed for their souls, if he inhabited a female they were ruthlessly pursued by males who wanted to mate. He had been forced to abandon the female ASAP when she was caught because the male usually over-powered her and Voldie didn't have enough magic to prevent it. It wasn't until Peter Pettigrew (who was fleeing Britain for his life) found him and he was finally able to create the homunculus that the pain was reduced about 90% and he could really think and feel and had some use of his magic. He also found out what had been going on in Britain during his absence and definitely was not pleased with anything. Wormtail, using the pitiful man's nickname, served him better than expected, but that was because the Dark Lord rising again would be the only thing to save him now that Sirius Black was out of Azkaban and Wormtail had been outed from his safe and comfortable home with the Weasleys. Since Wormtail had lived with the Weasleys, he was able to give a very good update on Harry Potter as well as Dumbledore's plans for the boy. He mentioned the "diary" which had taken over the only Weasley girl and how it had been destroyed by Potter (as well as the Basilisk) and then the book was given over to Dumbledore who had it in his possession and was "studying it" as he usually did with an interesting item. DAMN! It was now certain that Dumbledore knew exactly what it was and that Tom had made Horcruxes. Since he had still managed to resurrect, Dumbledore would also surmise that Tom had made more than one and that he was probably searching for them. What was even more disturbing, Nagini had given Potter a good sniff and after all was over finally got to tell Tom "the boy smells like us and I think he is the thing like me and/or might be your kin." Thus it was possible that the boy had been made into another Horcrux and might be related to him. If so, it would explain why the boy survived and he didn't because it was part of the Slytherin/Gaunt magic that the Head of House could not destroy the only male heir without suffering consequences. His Uncle Morfin told him this when he first met him and said that was the only reason he didn't kill the bastard whelp of his sister because despite being a filthy Half-blood, he was still his heir since Morfin was sterile and would never breed. Originally this magic was developed when Salazar Slytherin's own father went insane and thought his son was trying to kill him. It was to protect the line and save an heir from an unwarranted death. However, if Potter had been turned into a Horcrux, if Tom killed him he would be killing the Horcrux and the boy would survive to kill Tom in return. He also had to find out the connection between their wands as that also was a mystery. One of the first things he did after Potter's escape and taking refuge at Malfoy Manor, was to ask Lucius for that book he had entrusted to him. When a very noticeable Malfoy asked what book, Tom had replied "You know that book. It was the Slytherin Grimoire that I had disguised as a boyhood journal." Tom couldn't wait to hear Lucius' excuse. It was a very inadequate one and Lord Voldemort's rage knew no limit. All the other Death Eaters thought (and many hoped) this was the end of Lucius Malfoy – but most especially Lucius Malfoy. He knew he was doomed and rightly so if it had indeed been the Slytherin Grimoire. The destruction of a family's most precious possession, other than its offspring, was a legal and accepted death sentence in the Magical World. Naturally the frantic man begged for mercy. Not only did the Dark Lord enjoy Lucius' desperate plea and seeing him pathetically humiliate himself, but the Death Eaters relished seeing the man's fall. But all good things come to an end and much to Lucius' relief and the disappointment of his peers, Lord Voldemort was granting a small form of mercy. Lucius "owed" the Dark Lord three special services that were non-negotiable and which would see the complete destruction of the House of Malfoy if he failed in any of them. First: Lucius had 48 hours to acquire G2 million worth of galleons, Muggle money and non-Goblin made gold and silver ingots. It had to be in cash, the Goblins sworn to never recall any of it (there was a rather large fee for doing that), and if Lucius didn't return within the 48 hours with the goodies, then his life was forfeited when he was caught (and he would be caught) but before then, his wife and son would meet a very painful demise. The second and third things would be told to him later when the need arose. "Consider it a quest" the Dark Lord responded. "Just as I must start my quest to reconstruct at least some of the Grimoire – hence the immediate need for money of both worlds – you will be redeeming yourself, or as much as possible considering the circumstances, for betraying my trust and…certain other 'sins'…you have committed against me and your fellow Death Eaters." Fortunately for all concerned, and at great expense to Lucius in Goblin fees for swiftness and acquiring non-Goblin made gold and silver and the exorbitant fees charged for acquiring Muggle currency (with extra for the haste needed) Lucius made it just in time. He was a much poorer but somewhat wiser wizard and the Malfoys were safe – for the moment. Voldemort had been busy re-establishing his "crusade" (that was what he called it whereas Dumbledore had declared it a war) and once Lucius returned with the cash, off he went on personal business after giving specific orders which WOULD BE OBEYED TO THE LETTER, unlike the fiasco of 31st October 1981, which caused so much harm. He left Avery in charge until he returned, thus giving Lucius another "punishment" for his behavior. The first thing he did was to investigate some of his bolt holes. He chose what he considered the best, although smallest one, as he had already decided that only certain people would be allowed in. He then left for the Continent and hired Dwarfs to do the special renovations he required as they would do it quickly, efficiently and would give their solemn oath not to tell anyone. Then he went to a wand specialist concerning his wand. He "convinced" the man to tell him the truth and found out the reason why he had started behaving erratically in the last years of the war. Wormtail had told him about Harry's wand and it all made sense now. Just to be certain, he would have to confer with Ollivander but that could wait. Thus Voldemort had several new wands crafted to his magic and had all of them disguised as his old wand. He then went to the most "agreeable" Gringotts, and for a hefty fee for silence, gotten a blood and heritage test using the blood of Harry Potter which now flowed through his veins. It was exactly what Nagini had suspected. He then went back to the "family plot" to retrieve of few more bones of his father only to find that the graves of his grandparents and father had been violated and all that remained of their bodies had been taken and no doubt destroyed. Dumbledore! It had to be him since the boy had told him every detail of the resurrection. Damn! He quickly hurried to the Gaunt Family hovel and retrieved his ring. To be safe, he created a duplicate and cursed the hell out of it and did a rune to warn him of anyone entering the premises. Since he created it and the curses in parsel, it wouldn't be detectable by even Dumbledore. When he returned to Malfoy Manor, all was going smoothly – probably because Avery had been in charge. Lucius and completed a "regular" assignment (but not the two or three promised as they were going to be "big"), which consisted of seeing that Fudge was properly motivated to deny the resurrection and cast aspersions on Dumbledore and Potter. He called a full meeting and after everyone but Snape was assembled (because he purposely didn't summon him), he gave a small synopsis of his new plans. Two things he stressed: The news of his resurrection was to be kept quiet and whoever leaked the truth would be severely punished. "Make certain your son Draco does not do his usual bragging or it is death for him - no reprieve - starting as soon as he returned to your home." "Second, HARRY POTTER IS MINE! I want him captured ALIVE and not tortured or harmed in any way not even 'by accident' or even if he casts an Avada Kedavra. No harm is to be done to him and if any of you see he is in danger protect him with your life. " After dismissing them, he then took Narcissa aside and asked her if she had access to her sister's vault. She said she did and he ordered her to go to it and bring back a certain cup. Failure would not be tolerated. He then gave Lucius an assignment, which would be considered No. 2 of his quest. "Take someone trustworthy with you. You are to do exactly as I say." He was sending Lucius after the locket. Voldemort was getting back all of his Horcruxes, would absorb about two, and personally hide them where no one would suspect. He needed his sanity back and to heal himself. He would use the locket qwand reabsorb the one in Nagini, hopefully without causing her harm. She would still be his familiar and (if he admitted it) his beloved pet and about the only entity he could trust on this earth. Just to be thorough (and safe), Narcissa brought back every goblet or goblet-like object in her sister's vault. Even Voldemort was shocked at some of them as they were of an "exotic" nature. But at least Hufflepuff's Cup was among them and safe. Lucius hadn't returned from his quest so Voldie "allowed" Narcissa to offer him a meal. Naturally he checked it for poisons, hexes, etc. as this was Malfoy Manor and he trusted no one. He finished his repast of roasted leg of lamb, string beans with almond slices, saffron rice and a lemon tart. It was accompanied by good wine and then a glass of Lucius' Napoleon brandy. He ate in private as in this snake-like visage, his table manners left much to be desired. Only Nagini was allowed to keep him company as he