THE GREATEST PRANK J K Rowling owns all the rights to the books and the amazing characters she created. I write only to satisfy my imagination and use my creativity and make no money from my writings. NOTE: Still have writers block but found another almost completed story which I completed. Besides my Internet device met with an accident. Chapter 1 – The Best Prank Ever Some people called it a scandal, some called it sad, or just plain mean while others said "it served her right for looking above her station" and then there were those like Sirius Black who were calling it "the best prank ever" and the friends and admirers of James Potter liked that idea the best. So did Rita Skeeter of the Daily Prophet who reported it as such a month after "the prank" had been committed. And what was the best prank ever you may ask? Why when that uppity, filthy Mudblood Lily Evans got what she truly deserved when she was stood up and left at the altar on the day of her wedding to James Potter. It was a beautiful day in March and anybody who was anybody had come to attend "the wedding of the year" of the Pure-blood and only son and heir to the Ancient and Noble House of Potter, James Charlus Potter, to the Muggleborn Lily Lilac Evans. Granted the Muggleborn was beautiful, talented and magically powerful and had been accepted in a special advanced program as an apprentice to the esteem Filius Flitwick to earn a Masters in Charms as well as to be mentored by Athelstan Elwick, the famed Runes Master. It was said that the young witch had the potential to become an Unspeakable and that was her goal. And it still was as when James Potter had asked her to marry him she would only do so on condition that no matter what he would let her finish her studying to obtain her goal. Yes, she would have children but she also wanted a career. However, all his life James Potter had said, did and promised many things to many people such as Lily Evans, his parents and most especially for some unexplained reason, Albus Dumbledore, who was the only person to whom James kept his promises. James Potter was handsome, very talented in Transfiguration, had been accepted into the Auror training program (much to the displeasure of his parents) and had many other talents. He was also popular, had been the Quidditch Captain for the Gryffindor team and was made Head Boy despite never having been a Prefect and having a dreadful detention record. He had witches young (and old – like nearly 30) chasing him for years not only for his great charm but also because he was the only son and heir to the Ancient and Noble House of Potter. He had EVERYTHING a young wizard could want and always had - except for Lily Evans. For some unexplained reason no matter how many pranks he pulled to get her attention she had always considered him an arrogant toe-rag, a shameless bully and the scum of the earth. It had always puzzled James why this Mudblood failed to recognize him as the wonderful, awesome wizard he was when everybody else did. He had been asking her out since their third year and she always refused. Even when it had been arranged to break up her friendship with that slimy Slytherin Severus Snape who, James and his friends thought, was the only reason she wouldn't see sense and date James, she still wouldn't go out with him. That was when poor James Potter knew he had to be in love with Lily Evans because although she snubbed and insulted him (in public no less), he still desperately wanted her. His friend Remus Lupin kept asking him "Do you want her because you really like her or because you can't have her?" His other friend Sirius told him to "forget the bitch" and the third friend Peter said the same. But James convinced himself that he was in love with her and vowed to "get Evans" or else as it had become a matter of principle. But try as he might he hadn't been successful even after trying everything like "pretending to grow up and change" so that she would see him in a different light. That hadn't worked so Dumbledore had promised to play matchmaker for "his favorite student" and make him Head Boy since Lily had been the best candidate for Head Girl. "Once you share quarters together and she sees for herself how you 'have changed' she will fall into your arms" Dumbledore had told him. However, it hadn't worked and now James was desperate as he had made bets with several friends (and rivals) that he WOULD GET EVANS and time was running out. So Dumbledore "helped out his favorite student" by seeing that Lily Evans was dosed with Amortenstia and thus before the Christmas holiday "Lily had finally seen reason and started dating James Potter." By Valentine's Day Lily was madly in love with James Potter and by the spring break James was shagging her and she couldn't get enough of him AND EVERYBODY KNEW IT – especially Severus Snape. As graduation drew near James realized that although he really liked Lily Evans he didn't want to be tied down to one witch and decided to break up with the girl as soon as they graduated. As he rationalized it, the girl had had the honor and privilege of dating James Potter for over six months which was a record for him. Of course they would "stay friends" which meant in James-speak that in the future when they would run into each other, he'd take her out for a drink and maybe even a meal, probably shag her again if he didn't have other plans and…well they would just stay friends. Even she would have to admit that she had benefitted greatly by being noticed by James Potter, and witches would envy her because she had lasted six months as James' "girl" so she should be grateful to have been given such a wonderful opportunity. He had told everyone this and his three best friends agreed with him. However, before he could leave Hogwarts and board the Hogwarts Express for the last time, Dumbledore called him into his office and had a "chat with James" and when James left, he decided that well, maybe he'd hang around with Evans but only until he found someone better, which shouldn't be too long as he and Sirius were leaving on a tour of Europe before beginning their Auror training. They had a fantastic time touring the Continent but their "tour" consisted mostly of touring the insides of cheap bars, nude beaches and places of ill repute. It was non-stop drinking and shagging of both witches and Muggles and that was probably where they acquired that "nasty problem in the heir-making department" and immediately sought treatment for it as soon as they returned home because "it really, really hurt – bad." Nobody would have known anything except for the fact that they sought treatment when they reported for Auror training and were given the mandatory physical. Then EVERYBODY found out what a great time they had had because they were nearly kicked out of the program. It was only due to James and Sirius being heirs and Dumbledore's influence that they were still in the Auror Program and could train while they were being cured. To protect the witches of Britain, it was bandied about far and wide exactly what their problem was and that ALL witches should avoid being "friendly" with both wizards. For the next six months James and Sirius were on more than one type of probation. It was considered a "laughable scandal" that they had been caught and a nasty reporter at the Daily Prophet (not Rita Skeeter for once) wrote a full article on the type of diseases they had caught, how they got it and what could happen had they not been treated as well as, just for good measure, giving an actual date when it would be safe for them to resume their sex life. Charlus Potter was livid. James and Sirius were in so much trouble that James' mother Dorea had succumbed to the fatal illness she had been suffering from long before she should have. It was said that she "died of a broken heart" and that now that he was a widower, Charlus Potter would be looking for a new young witch to marry and start a new family as he was ready to disinherit James not only for this "last straw" but for all of the "mischief" he had gotten into at Hogwarts. It was also being said that James was such a staunch supporter of Albus Dumbledore and all of his policies that when Charlus died and James became Lord Potter, James was going to turn the Potter Wizengamot vote over to Dumbledore because James and bragged, "he didn't like all of that politics stuff as it cramped his style and he trusted Dumbledore to do what should be done." Charlus Potter and Albus Dumbledore had been political rivals for years and had very different views on things. Rumors were rampant as to just how far and how bad these "differences of opinions" went and if Charlus did remarry and produce a new heir, James would be out on his proverbial ear. Therefore at Dumbledore's suggestion James should marry as soon as possible and he had just the girl for him. Since James was "in trouble" and no "decent" witch would have him while he was being treated, one of his first ideas was to look up Lily Evans as they had not officially broken up he and Sirius had just left the day after school let out on their trip and James had not told her. Ergo, as far as she knew they were still dating and it had been Remus' job to let her know this fact. Sirius thought it would be a hoot if James had sex with Lily as soon as possible and gave the diseases to her so that it could be said that it had been "that slutty whore of a Mudblood" who had given the diseases to James in the first place. Everyone would believe that and their reputations would be saved. How he would explain how he had gotten the diseases he didn't think about but then no one else in Magical Britain would either and James would get back in the good graces of both his parents if he blamed the Mudblood. Dorea had been furious when she heard he was dating one and for longer than he had dated any other girl. However, that bright idea was quickly squashed when James decided to look Lily up and take up with her again. He thought Sirius' idea was great or at least did until he went to the office of the Unspeakable who Lily had begun training under. Apparently no one had told James that his own Mother had found out about the girl being given Amortenstia to love her son and had the girl informed. She blasted him fast enough that even Sirius couldn't retaliate and he too was hexed and officially barred from the Unspeakable's office. Ordinarily, mothers of Pure-blood sons didn't care if their wayward boys dosed a Mudblood with a love potion to have their way with the insignificant little sluts as that was what boys did. It was considered a good joke and once the boy tired of the tramp, they dumped her and went on their merry little way. Sometimes they just had the potions stopped being administered to the hussy but sometimes, to "further the joke," the kept it up so that the bitches would still have an "undying love" and would suffer