AT PEACE J K Rowling owns all the rights to the books and the amazing characters she created. I write only to satisfy my imagination and use my creativity and make no money from my writings. Chapter 1 – Several Last Straws It had been a beautiful day and Roddy Owens had just finished putting most of his garden to bed for the season. There were still a few root vegetables that were growing and some that he was leaving to go to seed so he would have seeds to plant next year but for the most part the garden would shortly go to sleep for the winter. He had been working on this for several days as he had a rather large garden in comparison to his medium-size house. There was also a greenhouse in the very back of the property hidden from view where he grew some "special things" for his own use. No the greenhouse wasn't for growing pot or whatever you wanted to call it, just certain plants from his life of so long ago. Well actually it wasn't so long ago just a mere seven years but to the man it seemed like a lifetime had passed since the day he was obliged to leave the world he once belonged to. You see Roddy Owens was not his real name. He never thought about his real given name anymore as he had legally changed his name to Rodrick Patrick Owens. Rodrick had been the middle name of his maternal grandfather and Owen had been the man's first name. Patrick he took as his new middle name after the Patron Saint of Ireland, St. Patrick, because he had first moved to that land. Roddy would be the first to tell you that he had little in common with the revered saint except for perhaps one special act they did share slightly. There was a legend that St. Patrick had cast out all of the snakes from Ireland. Roddy had destroyed a rather powerful, wicked Snake and had saved Britain. St. Patrick was a well-loved, honored and revered individual for the many good things he did – he was made a saint after all and green was the color most associated with him. Roddy was also associated with the color green as his Snake had claimed that lovely hue as his own and Roddy himself looked out on the world with eyes the color of emeralds. But unlike the saint, Roddy was reviled, shunned, slandered, abandoned and had to flee to live a life of his own choosing. Rodrick Patrick Owens had once been known as Harry James Potter. His Snake had been known as Lord Voldemort. Thanks to a prophecy which only the late great Albus Dumbledore had heard in its entirety, the Snake had ruined Harry's life, killed his parents, doomed him to a miserable, abuse-filled childhood (well actually Dumbledore had done that but let's still blame the Snake), had made the six years of the boy's education filled with danger, abuse, slander and loneliness, saw the boy witnessing the horrible death of a classmate, the stupid, foolish death of his godfather and the next year the contrived death of his supposed mentor. All that alone would have made any life miserable and unhappy. However, according to the prophecy - which only the late great Albus Dumbledore had heard in its entirety – the boy with the dreadful life was destined to be the savior of the world which had used him so ill and had cared for him so little. The mentor had never really trained the boy, and it could be said that he went out of his way to see that the boy had as little training and knowledge as possible. There had been no logical reason for this until the boy realized after the mentor's death that there really was a reason – he was to be a martyr, the sacrificial lamb, to live a wretched life and die a hero's death, but leaving the triumph and laurels to be given to others such as the mentor. All this due to a prophecy - which only the late great Albus Dumbledore had heard in its entirety – and finally told to the boy when he had been at his lowest point as well as being in shock. Unfortunately, the mentor who always had everything planned down to the smallest detail had made many mistakes, although he would never admit to them. The last and most deadly had been putting on the Snake's cursed ring and thus dooming himself to certain death. Only the quick action and talents of another pawn had extended the mentor's life for another year. Anyone as altruistic as the mentor was proclaimed to be should have confided in his experienced associates all of the knowledge he had gained concerning the Snake and all of the plans that he had made and the ways and means to destroy the cursed objects and then how so that the Snake could be defeated by anyone when they were finally destroyed. Of course, the mentor had originally planned to be that one. He would hunt down the Horcruxes, those evil containers which housed pieces of the Snake's soul, and then the boy must fulfill his destiny and die as alas he too was one of the containers. Then once all the containers and the boy were destroyed the plan had been for the mentor to swoop in and once again save the day. After all his many accomplishments, especially his defeating of the century's other Dark Lord, the defeat of this even worse Snake would ensure his fame forever. He would go down in history as a new Merlin. All the others, all the deaths, the ruined lives, the pawns made, played, used and then discarded, it would all be worth, as it was for the Greater Good and the end justified the means after all. The main pawn, the boy, had already had his moment of glory as the Boy-Who-Lived and managed to gain a few more titles, although much more pain, continual abuse and living a pathetic life. At the end, if he was lucky, was brave enough and managed to die in public and with glory, he would have again been called a hero and would have a paragraph or two in the grand and future biography of the mentor. What more could a doomed pawn ask for? Well the mentor died leaving nothing really worthwhile for the boy and his arranged for friends to go on. It had only been the true bravery, self-sacrifice and pure dumb luck of the boy (along with some research by his bossy, know-it-all- issued-by-the-mentor friend) that the Snake had finally been able to be defeated. But at what cost? So many people with lost or ruined lives, destruction, despair, grief for the dead, a ruined economy, the exposed foolish reputation of Magical Britain on the world stage for the world to laugh at (tsk-tsk) and to use of an example of how not to run a government. A scapegoat was needed and was one of the greedy, unscrupulous, cowardly government officials chosen? Fudge would have done nicely as that description fitted him to a tee. Any living Death Eater with brains, a glib tongue and lots of gold in Gringotts (Malfoy) also managed to evade such a fate. So who was it then? Why the boy, the pawn, the savior, the true hero. He was an orphan with money (most of which he didn't know he had thanks to the mentor) and had committed a crime by stealing from Gringotts a dark object which they knew they had and shouldn't have hid it but had anyway, but which dark object HAD TO BE DESTROYED TO SAVE THEIR WORLD. They lost a dragon also and the building was damaged so the hero could be prosecuted since he had money in their bank. Of his two accomplices one had no vault (being a Muggleborn) and the other had a family vault but no money in it (and a brother who worked for the bank) so they were absolved from all guilt as the hero had more than enough money to satisfy the Goblins' greed. It had been the Ministry, led by someone who the boy had respected and trusted, who had told the boy that for the "Greater Good" his fortunes would be confiscated to prevent another Goblin uprising. The damage that his robbery had caused would be paid for and thus the boy would not be killed by the Goblins for the outrage and atrocities he had committed against the Goblin nation. The rest of the inheritance he didn't know he had, was already out of his reach as, he found out via the Minister of Magic, that the mentor, "acting as your magical guardian, used money from the main Potter vault to finance the Order of the Phoenix as he knew your parents would have wanted it so used and if anything was left over, it was to go to Hogwarts if the school needed financial assistance. It seems your parents didn't leave a Will." Actually the boy's parents had but the Will had been sealed and some under the table greasing of palms had been done between the mentor and a Goblin and thus the Potter vault had been raided. Apparently his trust vault had been emptied some time before his attack on Gringotts and a lot of money from the Black Family vault which he had inherited from his late godfather had also disappeared. The Minister of Magic, Kingsley Shacklebolt, had "comforted" Harry with the news that "Since you probably aren't going back to finish your education at Hogwarts (says who, thought the boy), I will get you and Ron Weasley into the Aurors – you earned the right. Right now we are in very bad straights here at the Ministry, but as soon as we can scrape together some money in a few years, you will get your well-deserved Order of Merlin, which comes with a nice amount of money. See kid, it will all work out in the end," the smiling Minister had told him. But Harry Potter had decided he didn't want to be an Auror now that the war was over. He actually did want to go back to Hogwarts and even if it took him a few extra years to do it in, he wanted to actually learn some things. The more he thought about it the more he considered being a healer. He would have to find someone to actually teach him the right way to brew potions, but he could do it given a chance and nobody was around to sabotage his work. He had always held back due to his being forced not to outdo Dudley, and he had goofed off and held back so as not to lose Ron as a friend. That was a big mistake and he knew it as soon as he walked into his Divination class. He should have taken Ancient Runes as that would have been much more useful. Perhaps it was not too late. Harry had been shocked when McGonagall had denied him a seventh year. "After all Mr. Potter, you chose not to take the classes which you want to take now and your utter lack of dedication to your studies in the past lead me to think that you would not do so now. Besides you have been offered a job at the Ministry to become an Auror and you will be getting paid while you are learning. Your future is already settled whereas we need all the funds we can get to rebuild the school and give other children, especially orphans, a chance of getting a good education." With that said she had basically dismissed him. He stood there rooted to the spot until his anger would not be controlled and