CHOOSING UNWISELY J K Rowling owns all the rights to the books and the amazing characters she created. I write only to satisfy my imagination and use my creativity and make no money from my writings. NOTE: Found another 'old one' that was almost finished, so I finished it. Hope you like it. Some people are big enough to admit when they are wrong while others are not. Some people will accept responsibility for their actions, even if it means telling the world they were wrong while again, others will not. Those who accept responsibility should also realize that they must pay the consequences for their mistakes while others…well they just put the blame on someone else and try to weasel their way out of the responsibility and consequences especially when the consequences are serious and will result in causing great harm. Hermione Granger could finally admit she was wrong, wrong about so many, many things but only after she had been unspelled and had certain potions flushed out of her system. When the healer had finally freed her from the illegal magic and potions, her eyes had been opened but she refused to believe any of it as it just couldn't be possible – it just couldn't be. But it had. She, like so many others in Magical Britain and been lied to, duped, used and abused by not just the "system" but by the one, the only, the "Greatest Wizard since Merlin" and the "Leader of the Light" the grandfatherly, benevolent Albus Dumbledore, the man of many titles, positions, power (both magical and political) and vast influence. But she, and those like her (still among the living that is) who he had lied to, duped, used and abused were just finding out only a fraction of the treachery, betrayal and damage the *& #*# ^& & had done to them and it had broken or destroyed most of them. Who knew how much more they would be broken if they found out more. Well they would soon be finding out when Remus Lupin just barely managed to make it to Headquarters to scream out "We've been betrayed by the Weasleys! Death Eaters are right behind me so RUN FOR YOUR LIVES - IMMEDIATELY!" And many did, but only those who were present to receive the warning managed to escape and just barely. Although Hermione always carried her bottomless bag containing all of her worldly possessions on her person at all times, she had been starting to run to the storeroom where they kept the brewed potions, supplies, a few books and other necessities but Remus grabbed her shouted there was no time and apparated away with her. He had been correct as two other Order members who had stayed to collect a few things were trapped in the now-established anti-apparation wards and were trapped as Death Eaters overran the current headquarters of the Order of the Phoenix. Remus had also been correct in that they had been betrayed – by Weasleys – as the small house which sheltered the few remaining members had been under a Fidelius charm, which had been cast by Bill Weasley. Therefore, Bill Weasley had betrayed the Order and between what he and the other Weasleys knew, the names and bolt holes of all Order members were compromised and the Order members were ripe for the picking. Remus had apparated Hermione not to a bolt hole but to an open field. Then he took her to another field, then another before stopping to catch his breath and saying "I'm leaving a false trail as apparations can be tracked especially when done immediately." He then took out his wand, cast a silent spell before again grabbing the girl who was rapidly asking question after question without giving him time to answer and then doing a few more apparations. The last stop was an old, abandoned factory where a few other people were waiting for them. Besides his pregnant wife Tonks, was her mother Andromeda, Susan Bones, Su Li, Muggleborns, Sally-Anne Perks and Justin Finch-Fletchley. One elderly and one young house elf were also present and it was these two who immediately stepped forward along with Tonks and began checking Hermione for illegal magic. They found some and the elves began to remove them from her body and bag while Tonks accioed her wand and began working on her wand. "Did anybody else escape?" Susan Bones asked. "I haven't the slightest idea. I just told them to run and grabbed Hermione – who wasn't – and used escape procedures" Remus replied. Of course Hermione Granger could not keep silent for any length of time and demanded to know "Why are you saying the Weasleys betrayed us?" In reply every eye just looked at her as if to say "How could you ask such a thing considering all that has happened in the last month." "I mean how could all of the Weasleys possibly betray us?" she added hastily. "I mean…well after Ron…did what he did…he I can understand. But Arthur, Molly, the Twins, Ginny and Bill? Bill of all people? He'd never betray us. He just wouldn't!" she insisted. "Two months ago you would have said the same about your 'lover boy' Ronniekins" Susan spat out. "How fast did that end after you were healed? And Ginny? You've got to be joking after what she said to you throughout your years at Hogwarts when Harry wasn't around." As much as she wanted to deny it, Susan was right. Two months ago and before the potions and other spells had been removed, she wouldn't have believed it about Ron. She thought and truly believed that she was in love with Ron Weasley and that he was in love with her but didn't know how to admit it. She had given up everything for him, including endangering the world and abandoning Harry and possibly causing his death. But that was before she was freed and knew the truth. They had been hunting Horcruxes with Harry. It was something that had to be done to defeat Voldemort for once and for all. Dumbledore himself had given the task, the responsibility to Hermione - and Ron - to go with Harry and help him find and destroy the Horcruxes. The great wizard would have done it himself if he hadn't been dying and was running out of time. Then the traitorous Snape had actually killed the great wizard and the world was left to burn and fall victim to Voldemort unless Harry – or rather Hermione and Ron – found and destroyed them all. Dumbledore had confided to Hermione - and Ron - that although Harry had been born with a destiny he…well he had been a great disappointment as he just hadn't been up to it. Despite the many tests and the training (what training?) and mentoring Dumbledore had given to the boy he just didn't measure up. He still had to complete the destiny but Dumbledore knew he couldn't do it alone hence his "bequeathing" Harry and the task to Hermione - and Ron - because he knew that was the only way Harry could fulfill this unnamed destiny. The Great Albus Dumbledore himself had entrusted Hermione - and Ron - with this task and she would not fail him like so many others – such as Harry and to some extent Snape – had. Harry didn't want them to come because he didn't want to endanger them. Naturally a little thing like Harry's wants or needs never stopped Dumbledore and now Hermione - and Ron. Therefore, they were going with him to "help" but in reality to do things right and help Dumbledore save the world from his grave. To hear Dumbledore tell it, it all made so much sense. Although there were times Hermione thought differently concerning Harry's life, and she had so many questions based on her observations, they were all logically answered by Dumbledore after a long talk. She had never liked Ron Weasley because…well he was Ron Weasley, a bigoted, ill-mannered, lazy, bullying, hurtful, nasty boy who always got Harry into trouble whether by forcing him to goof off, get into fights or form a bigoted opinion of someone, mostly Slytherins. Ron had always been mean, cruel and hurtful to her especially when Harry wasn't around and at times he had been physically abusive to her until McGonagall stepped in and stopped it. He still talked behind her back, made fun of her, threatened her cat and did many other upsetting things to her and even to Harry, but Dumbledore said it was all part of a plan, a plan which he never explained to anyone and never would. However, towards the end of their fifth year, Hermione's feelings towards Ron started to change. By the beginning of their sixth year she knew she was in love with him. He had been totally indifferent to her and had started dating Lavender Brown and their public behavior was not only rude and disgusting but had wounded her beyond all explanation. However, towards the end of the year, Ron had "seen the light" (much like Lily Evans had seen the light and started dating James Potter after hating him for six years) and began to be nicer to Hermione. At least that was what Dumbledore told her. "Ron is your Lily Evans just as you are his James Potter" she was told. She believed it but then she believed everything the great wizard told her. Always had and always would. It was shortly after this that he tasked them with completing the task he couldn't do himself, namely helping Harry defeat Voldemort. For their reward in helping, they would get credit for being the real heroes as Dumbledore had arranged it all. He had quickly written his autobiography and when it was published – after Voldemort was gone – the entire world would know them for the true heroes they were…along with him. In any event everything was in the book and they would be rewarded beyond their wildest dreams. It would have shocked Hermione to know that is what Voldemort always told his followers when he wanted them to do certain things for him. However, she wouldn't believe anything bad about Dumbledore, never, ever in a million years…until the spells and potions were removed and a certain person had a chat with her. She didn't believe all of it but some things, based on current events, were undeniable. Ron had talked her into leaving Harry and the quest. Actually they were just going to be dumping Potter because he was going to get them killed. They really didn't need him and he was nothing but a worthless, stupid, talentless, piece of #$#** * ** according to Ron. "He's doesn't know what he is doing, he's going to get us killed and he doesn't know how to destroy the Horcrux we found – WE found, not him" Ron had told her. It some ways it was true as Harry didn't know how to destroy the Horcruxes or where to find them or even exactly what to look for if only because Dumbledore hadn't told him how. Dumbledore hadn't told Hermione and Ron how either and there was a possibility – a very ridiculous, unimaginable possibility – that Dumbledore didn't know how to destroy them either. But she chose not to think about such things. In any event, Ron was right about some crucial things. Harry was basically useless, would probably get them killed and they would be better off without him. They were the real heroes and the ones who would really defeat Voldemort so why keep this millstone around their necks when they could do it themselves. Besides, if Hermione really loved Ron…well…. And she did. Therefore, either Harry turned the leadership over to Ron who knew what he was doing and smart enough to do it (Ron?) or they were leaving him to