LEGACY J K Rowling owns all the rights to the books and the amazing characters she created. I write only to satisfy my imagination and use my creativity and make no money from my writings. Note: Although I have completed several stories and/or started a sequel for some, I have noticed that many of my stories aren't read very much, reviewed or followed. I also still have my writer's block. Therefore, I have looked through some unpublished stories of three or more chapters and submit them and see if they get a better reception. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Chapter 1 – Gotcha Vernon Dursley was not an honest man. Oh he was a lot of things, most of them not good, but honest he definitely wasn't. A little thing like his WORD – even his SOLEMN WORD OF HONOR – wasn't worth the paper it was printed on but then again, Vernon never put anything in writing if he could help it, unless he could benefit from it like an order for the drills he sold. Even then the fine print should be carefully read just so there weren't any "mistakes" or "misunderstandings" made. The way he looked at it the saying "Cheaters never prosper" didn't refer to him as he had and would continue to cheat his entire life especially when he wouldn't be caught. He cheated on his income taxes, his faithful wife and everybody else. Had he been born a wizard he would have emulated the 'late' Lord Voldemort and tried to cheat death. So far he had succeeded with his dishonesty and the few times he had been caught he had always managed to weasel his way out of it. Until now as he had made a very bad mistake, namely, he tried to cheat persons who any fool should know that you don't cross unless you had a death wish. Vernon Dursley had a "special source of income" which was done on a cash only basis, namely he received £1,000 per month ever since his freakish orphaned nephew-by-marriage was left on his doorstep. Since the child was a FREAK, "IT" was immediately dropped off at an orphanage despite the compulsion charm cast on the letter which had been the only source of information concerning the identity of the boy and announcing the death of his parents. His wife had read the letter and had to obey but Vernon wouldn't look at it and forced her to burn it, therefore he wasn't "compelled" to obey and he immediately dropped the "THING" off at an orphanage in the worse part of London, thinking that those Freaks should be grateful he hadn't drown IT and was showing the creature more mercy than IT deserved. Unfortunately, three days later, the BEAST was returned to them by the Freak Vernon called the "King of the Freaks" and the Freak who had left IT in their care. Vernon didn't know just how lucky he was as most people didn't cross the Leader of the Light, Albus Dumbledore and lived not to regret it. If the truth were to be known the "Light Leader" was even worse than the recently deceased Dark Lord Voldemort. But Dumbledore was feeling "merciful" – for him at least and decided to make it worth the Dursleys' while by making certain deals. The only one Petunia Dursley knew about was the monetary one, which meant that they would receive £500 per month in cash (and thus not reportable to the taxman) to keep and raise her orphaned nephew according to the way Dumbledore wanted. Actually they would be getting £1,000 a month but Vernon told her it was only £500 and she would definitely not know about the other deals made between the two unethical men. Due to the way Dumbledore wanted the boy raised, Vernon was able to collect other monies due to having to do cover-ups when the child did acts of freakishness (usually to save his life) and as bribes to smooth things over due to this, that and the other things which were necessary so that the BEAST could be raised according to the deals. In any event, the Dursleys received money, had a virtual slave, Petunia got a form of revenge against her magical sister, Dudley got a punching bag and Vernon got to hurt, abuse and humiliate a child whose freakishness soon cured any unavoidable injuries IT received from "playing with Dudley and his friends" or Vernon working out his frustrations when something in his life didn't go as planned. The Dursleys benefitted, the King of the Freaks was pleased and the FREAK was made to suffer because IT was cursed (or rather blessed) with MAGIC. This past year the FREAK finally went off to that unholy, abominable school of his and even though he wasn't living with them they still received the money and would until IT graduated from the freakish school. It was now June, 1992 and the FREAK was due back and Vernon had figured out that besides the extra "expenses" received to pay for the "accidents" roughly £128,000 had been given to the Dursleys for "raising" the BEAST, when the BEAST finally graduated (if IT lived that long), the Dursleys should be receiving roughly another £84,000. Therefore, by June 1998 Vernon would have made approximately £212,000 for putting up with the FREAK. His only regret was that he hadn't been able to get an increase because the King of the Freaks told him that the "extra expenses" needed to be paid due to the Dursleys' "over-enthusiasm" in raising the BEAST. Apparently the King of the Freaks had also been keeping records and from November 1, 1982 through July 31, 1991 when the BEAST was finally allowed to know about Magic and go to that school, an additional £17,000 had to be paid to Vernon "to take care of things" as well as Dumbledore having to interrupt his busy schedule to cast a bit (or rather a lot) of magic to do further cover-ups. No doubt before June 1998, more "extra expenses" would need to be paid out so no raises would be considered. Vernon knew he shouldn't be greedy but he was, as that was his nature. However, he grudgingly accepted the fact that he was making out very well not only monetarily but having his bits of fun abusing the boy and teaching Dudley how to be "a real man" by torturing his cousin. Nevertheless, if it were possible to make more money he was more than willing to double-cross Dumbledore and throw the FREAK to the wolves or other Freaks if a better offer came his way. And it had as in March 1992 that he had a meeting with a potential new client and had received a very attractive offer from a Mr. Goldgrabber. He had met Mr. Goldgrabber, an odd looking man, in a private room at a very posh restaurant (Mr. Goldgrabber's treat) and after the drinks and the food was received, instead of talking about the creation of specialized drills, the conversation turned to Vernon's freakish nephew. Apparently Mr. Goldgrabber was a Freak. Actually he was a Goblin wearing a glamour, which the creature had the decency to explain to Vernon after Vernon had been frozen and silenced in his chair since he had started to throw a fit as well as beginning to curse the creature out. He was a Muggle and didn't know any better to insult and curse at a Goblin especially one of Goldgrabber's status but Goldgrabber had business to do and needed the Muggle's assistance hence Vernon not being cursed to hell and back. "We know all about your nephew as well as your agreement with Dumbledore" the now unglamoured Goblin told him. "You probably don't care that the agreement you have with that…wizard" the Goblin spat out "is completely illegal, but since he has great power in the magical world and has no ethics whatsoever, he has been able to get away with it. However, that will soon change and unless you want to suffer the consequences when he falls, you will take the deal my clients are offering. It will be to your advantage as you will have access to a large amount of 'tax-free' money – more than you will ever receive from Dumbledore." The more tax-free money immediately got Vernon's attention and the creature released him from the magic he had cast on Vernon and told him of the terms – and conditions – of the deal that Vernon "would be a total fool not to accept" especially if he knew what was good for him. Simply put, the creature knew that the most money Vernon would from now on be receiving for "raising Harry Potter" would be a maximum of £84,000 and "that is if the boy lives until June 30, 1998" the creature told him. "No doubt Dumbledore failed to mention that should the boy die, flee from Dumbledore's control or be…incarcerated…all payments of money would immediately cease and the chances of the boy actually dying, fleeing or being wrongfully jailed are very great. Then you would lose all." That had made sense to Vernon and he had never considered that the Freak would actually die, probably at that freakish school of his especially when the creature added that the boy was in serious danger at that school and had already nearly died twice as far as the creature knew. All Vernon had to do to earn £100,000 immediately was for him and Petunia to sign a document giving up all claim to Harry James Potter and when he picked the boy up from King's Cross Station on the last day of his school term he would drive the boy to a pre-arranged place, turn him and the document over to the creature and receive the money, leave and never have to deal with the boy or Dumbledore ever again. "Instead of hoping the boy survived until June, 1998 and waiting for the £84,000 you would receive by then, you get the £84,000 now as well as an extra £16,000 for 'your trouble' as well as being offered other inducements to sweeten the deal." "What other inducements?" Vernon greedily asked. "In case you fear Dumbledore and any retaliation he might decide to do to you – not that he could legally do so, but just in case – we will arrange to purchase your house and all of its furnishings if you wish and relocate you and your family. You will finally be able to leave the prison which has become your home since Dumbledore will not let you leave Privet Drive for reasons that he refuses to explain. It is known that you have wanted to upgrade your living conditions for some time but have been unable to do so. We will find you a house more suitable to the increased status you have now and relocate you to another country and find you a new job and even give you and your family a new identity if necessary." Vernon had to admit that it was a very generous offer and there were only three conditions he had to adhere to. The first was that he definitely could not contact Dumbledore "just in case you would be foolish enough to try and broker a better deal" he was warned. The second was that he could not tell his wife as she might object or alert Dumbledore. The third was that there would be no further negotiations as he was being offered was extremely attractive deal and he would not do better – especially with Dumbledore. He had until June 1st to accept or reject the deal but should he decline and alert Dumbledore that he had been approached, the creature showed his horrible fangs and told him that he would regret it to his dying day which might come sooner – very sooner – than