a/n: This is was a story that I just couldn't get out of my mind until I wrote it. I had originally intended for it to be around 5-8,000 words long, but it got away from me. The Italian at the end was translated using google, so if you speak Italian, I apologize in advance for any and all grammatical errors. I do not own the rights to any part of the Twilight Saga, though I did borrow some of the dialogue from New Moon and a line or two from Breaking Dawn. I hope you enjoy, please leave me a note and let me know what you think. Burning Eyes As Edward spoke to Aro, I couldn't help but be distracted by the blonde who had led us here. Jane terrified me with her cold indifference and the malice in her eyes, but there was something indefinable that kept drawing my attention back to her. I wondered how she came to be a vampire. She looked to be slightly younger than Edward and I couldn't help but be curious about what had led to her change, and why she was so cold towards everyone around her. My attention was brought back to the creepily giddy vampire that Edward was speaking to when he said, "I mean her no harm. But I am so curious, about one thing in particular. May I?" he asked eagerly, obviously speaking to Edward even though he never took his eyes off of me. "Ask her, " he responded flatly. Aro giggled, "Of course, how rude of me! Bella, I am simply fascinated by your ability to block out Edward's impressive talent. Since ours are so similar, I was wondering if you would be so kind as to allow me to see if you are also exempt from mine?" My eyes involuntarily flashed to Jane, who merely lifted an eyebrow at me, before I turned to Edward for reassurance. He gave me a brief nod and I reluctantly placed my shaking hand in his. He shut his eyes with a small smile, after a moment his forehead creased slightly in what looked to be frustration. The child-like wonder replaced the slight frown and he opened his eyes again and smiled gently at me. "So very interesting," he murmured, beginning to pace in front of us. Edward tensed beside me just as Aro turned back to us and said, "I wonder if she is immune to our other talents. Jane, dear." He gestured from the petite blonde towards me. My eyes flashed back over to the blonde and saw an evil little smirk on her lips as her eyes bore into mine. Before anything else could happen, Edward lunged forward, putting himself between Jane and I with a shouted, "No!" Immediately he crumpled to the ground, writhing in agony. Jane smiled down at him and for a second the only thing I that existed in my world was the way her face transformed beautifully when she smiled. Then a jerky movement from the corner of my eye caught my attention and I remembered what she was doing to Edward. "Stop!" I yelled, trying to put myself in between them, but Alice's cold, hard arms circled my waist, holding me against her. I struggled in her grasp, but I couldn't get away from her. "Jane," Aro said softly. Jane blinked and turned her attention to him. Edward's body immediately relaxed as he was released from her power. I looked up in time to see Aro nod his head in my direction and Jane's crimson eyes focused immediately on me again. I grit my teeth, preparing myself for whatever hellish pain Edward had just experienced, but nothing happened. Edward jumped to his feet with a growl, but when he saw that I wasn't in pain, he relaxed and looked back at Jane. I followed his gaze and saw that she was glaring at me. I flinched under the weight of the hatred I could see burning in her eyes. Edward moved to my side and touched Alice's arm. She released me and he pulled me in against his cold body. Jane let out a hiss of anger at the same time Aro began to laugh. He turned to the small blonde girl and said, "Don't be put out, dear one. She confounds us all." He put a comforting hand on her shoulder, but Jane only curled her lips into a silent snarl as she glared at me. He laughed again before turning his attention back to us. "Now, what to do with you? I don't suppose there's any chance that you've changed your mind and would like to stay?" Aro asked. I could feel Edward and Alice tense and Edward carefully said, "I'd rather not." Aro didn't even bat an eye before he asked, "Alice, would you be interested in joining us?" "No, thank you," she said politely. "And you, Bella?" he asked, focusing on me with wide, hopeful eyes. Edward hissed and I stared back at Aro, dumbfounded that he'd even asked me that. The blonde haired king, whose presence I had all but forgotten, broke the silence when he jumped up from his throne with an incredulous, "What?" Aro glanced at him over his shoulder and said, "Caius, surely you see the potential. I haven't seen a perspective talent so promising since we found Jane and Alec. Can you imagine the possibilities when she is one of us?" My attention immediately turned back to Jane. She was frowning heavily, and I saw some emotion in her eyes that I couldn't quite define, but it made my heart start to pound and butterflies began to wreak havoc in my stomach. A low rumbling growl began to build in Edward's chest, drawing my focus away from those captivating red eyes and I quickly spoke up, not wanting his anger to get him hurt again. "No, thank you," I said, hating how badly my voice shook. Aro sighed, "That's unfortunate. Such a waste." "Join or die, is that it?" Edward hissed. "Of course not," Aro said, sounding surprised and a little hurt by the accusation. "Aro," Caius hissed. "The law claims them." Edward glared at the blonde king. "How so?" he asked, voice hard and demanding. Caius pointed accusingly at me and maliciously stated, "She knows too much. You have exposed our secrets, and yet, you have no plans to either drink from her or to make her one of us. Therefore, she is a vulnerability and that means her life is forfeit. But you may leave if you wish." Edward bared his teeth and snarled. The guards surrounding us shifted forward eagerly, but Aro held up a hand and smoothly said, "Unless…we grant her immortality." He turned to me and in an overly friendly tone, asked, "Bella, is it your wish to become one of us?" I ignored Edward's threatening growl and honestly replied, "Yes, it is." Aro beamed at me, "Excellent, that is simple enough." His eyes flicked to the vampires behind us and I immediately felt Edward being pulled away from me. I glanced back and saw the two guards who had escorted us into the castle holding a struggling Edward. Alice was also being restrained by two of the other guards in the room and I had to fight back the panic I felt at realizing how utterly defenseless I was in that moment. My heart was pounding faster than it ever had before and a cold sweat had broken out on my skin. I knew that every vampire in the room could smell my fear, but there was nothing I could do about it. "Jane," Aro said in a giddy, sing-song voice and I snapped my attention back to him in time to see him take the blonde's small hand in his and kiss it lightly. Edward let out an anguished, "No!" at the same time Aro mischievously said, "Dear one, you will turn our darling Bella. I fear that I will be too tempted by Edward's memories of her intoxicating blood if I try." Plump red lips immediately curled into a devilish smile and I froze in terror. Between one racing heartbeat and the next, Jane was standing directly in front of me, so close that our bodies were nearly brushing. I met her smug gaze at the same time I inhaled sharply. Her fresh, sweet scent invaded all my senses and I fell into the fathomless red pools of her eyes. For what felt like a long time, everything else just faded away and she and I were the only two beings in existence. But then something in her eyes changed, and they darkened while an almost possessive look flashed across her orbs. That one look blazed a scorching path through me and set my soul on fire. Jane's soft frozen hand cupped my jaw and she lifted it, breaking my gaze at the same time I heard a soft, feminine gasp and a loud angry growl from behind me. Before I could process what was happening, sharp teeth sank into my throat and a second later, the burning pain of vampire venom began radiating out from my neck. I groaned as the pain from Jane's venom started to scorch my insides. I remembered this pain and I knew that Aro wouldn't allow Edward to suck the venom out this time. Even as I felt a scream beginning to build in my throat, I couldn't help but be grateful that I was finally getting what I wanted, finally having a real chance to be with Edward forever. I grit my teeth against the need to scream, but the pain quickly became overwhelming. A strained shriek escaped my lips at the same time my knees buckled. Strong arms caught me before I fell and I forced eyes that I hadn't even realized had shut to open again. I expected to see Edward's golden eyes looking down at me, but instead, I saw Jane's burning crimson gaze. For some reason, I only felt relief that I didn't have to see the pity and regret that I knew would be in his eyes. "Thank you," I gasped out, hoping that my eyes showed my honest appreciation and not just the agony I was in. I saw her eyes narrow in confusion for a second before that indecipherable look was back and she nodded. I let my eyes fall shut again and I could distantly hear Aro giggling again. "Jane, please take our guest to a room where she will be more comfortable," he said from much closer. I forced my eyes back open and saw that he was standing right next to us. He had a hand on Jane's and his eyes were closed. A wide grin slowly spread across his features as he read whatever she was thinking. An anguished growl filled the room at the same time Aro opened his eyes and grinned down at me. "Interesting, indeed," he said thoughtfully before he stepped back and nodded at Jane. Before I had time to puzzle out what that look had meant I lost focus again on what was happening as the venom spread further through my body and the pain consumed all my thoughts. I groaned and let my eyes slide shut, struggling not to cry out again. Dimly, I was aware that Jane had lifted me into her arms and carried me from the room. Time lost all meaning as my body became a raging inferno. I was vaguely aware that I'd been placed on some sort of bed and that people filtered in and out of the room. I wasn't sure who they were because I refused to open my burning eyes to see and no one spoke. But I did know that there was one presence that made the torturous pain easier to endure. When they were in the room, it was easier to hold back the screams and not