Word Count: 7,308 A/N: There are things going on with different characters all at the same time. A scene change doesn't always mean a progression of time; please watch for backtracking. I'm testing out a new fandom because there are too many ideas in my head at any given time and some of them scream louder than others. So, I'm putting this out there and hoping to get some feedback from you guys. I have a basic sense of where I want this to go and some things that I want to happen, but I am also open to ideas so please leave a review or pm me. Thanks for reading. Disclaimer: I own only the story itself. Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer. Please read & review Chapter 1 The woods around the reservation are always calming. They may seem desolate and lonely at times but Leah doesn't mind, the calm is the reason she comes to the woods; in her human form, to keep the packs out of her head, and barefoot to feel the textures of earth beneath her. It's near sundown so the colors in the sky are sharp and spectacular. The tone of the woods seems to reflect the change of day; small patches of light on the earthy floor trying to hold on to the daylight while shadows start to creep in. Soon enough, the shadows win, and the sounds of night begin. Owls hoot as they search for their next meal. Possums scurry through the underbrush. Bats fly above. A steady cooling breeze rustles the leaves. Even the slimy sliver of slugs moving against the bark of the trees hits Leah's ears. The distant howling she hears let's her know that members of her pack are on patrol. Jacob and Embry; she can tell by their howls. Leah doesn't have a patrol shift for another two days, so she walks to try and clear her mind and dispel some of the anger and confusion that has been plaguing her since before she became a member of the pack. After the confrontation with the Volturi eight months ago everyone went back to their happily ever afters. Jacob split his time between helping to train the younger members of his pack, spending time cooing over his nearly fully grown mate and "bonding" with her family (Leah frequently rolls her eyes at Jacob and Emmett's bromance), and running the mechanic business he had started with Leah. Seth and the younger pack members study their academics while training with the older pack members comes after school; a rule that Leah was able to institute being Jacob's beta. Honing your skill as a fighter and protector of the people is all well and good, but they are not the only skills a young wolf needs to survive in the world. Quil splits his time between helping to babysit his young mate Claire and his pack duties. Embry probably has it the easiest; the protection of their people is his only real responsibility, though he does help at the garage that Jacob and Leah run. Then there's Sam's pack. Leah has to constantly fight to keep a growl or grumble from sounding in her chest when she thinks about them. Sure they'd been united to stand with the Cullens against the Volturi, but that was really only because of Jacob's influence. She is still grateful to her alpha for breaking away from Sam's pack and giving her an out; saving her from constantly having to see Sam and Emily's lovey doveyness and from dealing with Sam's pack and their quiet jeering because she just had to be the only female wolf in the history of the tribe. Leah mostly understands about imprinting now; she was never meant to be Sam's, just as Sam was never meant to be hers. But the feelings she had while they were together were real and it still hurt sometimes; no one seemed to understand that before, except her brother and Jacob. Since joining Jacob's pack Quil and Embry have come to understand her anger, and they no longer tease her about it. Nor do they tease her about being the only female; especially now since she's their superior. Their pack is actually pretty tight knit and fiercely loyal to each other; the boys seldom let a bad word about Leah go without standing up for her. To Sam's almost credit on the situation, he has been coaxing his pack to leave the issue alone; but they don't always listen and Sam usually gives the "order" with a not well enough hidden grin. It's all so damn absurd and repetitive, Leah thinks as she continues her walk. Thanks to some help from Alice, she's become a bit of a wiz at schooling her thoughts. She can't always keep others out of her mind when she's in wolf form, but she's better at doing so than all the other wolves. Leah still has no love for vampires, but, she has gotten better at keeping her rage in check when it comes to the Olympic coven. She'll probably never admit it out loud, but she has a great respect for Carlisle and Esme. And she couldn't help, reluctantly as it were, becoming friends with Alice. The way that started, kind of went back to Sam. Leah growls as once again her thoughts are lead back to him. Her jaws clench as do her fists as she kicks a small tree. After joining Jacob's pack Leah began to become acquainted with the Cullens. She was only there because of Jacob, so she often opted to stay outside; standing guard if you will, mulling over how wrong it was to have Sam leave her like he did, and trying to figure out why she was cursed to be the only female to ever shift in the tribe. Alice began to shadow her one day while she was walking the perimeter of the Cullen House. A few days had passed before they actually spoke. Leah all but yelled at her quiet companion wondering why she was being stalked. Alice's reply turned out to be a question. " It hasn't happened yet has it?" Naturally Leah's confusion took over, until Alice shared a vision with her; a vision that Leah could not handle. The wolf's confusion and fear at what she saw caused her to instantly shift. Alice hadn't flinched, even when Leah growled and barked at her. She turned and ran when Jacob, Emmett, Seth, and Esme came outside to see what the matter was. It had taken her a week to get her head together enough that she could be anywhere near the Cullen house. Another week still before she could speak to Alice. And when the it finally happened, Leah's world quietly imploded around her, and Alice was there to help her stay standing; to be a shoulder to cry on; to teach her how to keep it hidden from her pack until she was ready for the information to be known; if she were ever to be ready. Jacob knows something is off, he just doesn't know what. Leah halts her thoughts and stops walking. She's at the edge of the woods right behind the Cullen's house. She closes her eyes and tries to force herself to turn around and go back the way she came. But her body pays her no heed. Her feet stay planted where they are and her eyes look up; just as they've done nearly every night the past few weeks. She always looks to the same window; always searches, for her. Leah doesn't see her clearly at first. Only patches of pale skin flitting about the darkened room. But then the body … bodies rather, settle in one place, naked against the all glass wall that faces the woods. Leah is powerless to look away, even though she desperately wants to. Her anger spikes. The fingernails hidden in her balled fists cut in to her palms. A low growl resonates in her chest. She almost takes a step forward, but she manages to close her eyes and block the dreadful vision. Seconds later she shifts. Her wolf's heavy breathing causing small tufts of vapor to rise in to the night. She manages to take a few steps back into the shadows of the woods, but she can't bring herself to leave. Not when a particular scent hits her nose, and certainly not when golden eyes meet hers; golden eyes that sear her very soul; golden eyes that make something else begin to shift in Leah's body. She doesn't know what it is, but the feeling starts in her chest and steadily moves lower. There's a sensation akin to pulling and stretching at her core; a swelling and hardening; a transformation. Leah tries to clear her head, to stop whatever spell the golden eyes have over her. But her attempt is feeble and half-hearted, so she stops fighting. She lets the feelings engulf her. Her nether regions are on fire; there's an ache there that she's never felt before. As she loses herself in golden eyes, the ache gets worse. She's panting now. She needs some type of counter pressure, some type of friction. She doesn't know how she knows that, but she feels it to be fact. She drops her hind legs and lower half then grinds her pelvis into the soft grassy ground. Golden eyes get brighter when they view the wolf's action. The eyes grow brighter still when Leah repeats the move. Pale palms reach out and touch the wall of glass; almost like their trying to reach for Leah. A stray thought fuels Leah's anger as she continues to move. The other body in the bed, it shouldn't be there. It shouldn't be touching the golden-eyed beauty. Leah. The wolf hears her name as a breathless whisper full of need in her mind. It feels like a gentle caress; like pale fingers combing through her hair. She answers in kind. With a steady growl as her movements increase in speed; her golden-eyed watcher matches her movements; eyes now shining as bright as the sun. Leah can almost feel her. Her anger flares. She should be feeling her. Her front paws dig in to the earth as her movements seem to get more ridged; more forceful. The sounds of moaning and heavy breathing mix with the heady scent of sex in the air. Her growls get louder. That other body should not be there. He shouldn't be touching her. Leah is the only one allowed to touch her so intimately; the only one allowed to make her feel such pleasures. She belongs to Leah. The wolf's growls quickly turn to barks as one word repeats itself in her mind. Mine. Mine. MINE! Leah can't take it anymore, she has to stop him. She only gets to take a few steps towards the Cullen house before she's met by an immovable force. Before she can blink she's dragged into the shadows; away from her mate. She hears the echo of her shiny-eyed mate's scream, so she struggles harder, but it's no use. Her mate's scent is leaving her; she's being moved farther and farther away. "Leah?" Leah doesn't register her name being called. "Leah, you have to calm down!" Only one thing is on her mind; getting back to her mate. "Leah, damn it, settle down!" Alice and Jasper struggle to keep the wolf contained. Had they arrived home a minute later, Leah likely would have killed their brother. As they roll on the ground trying to get Leah under control, Jasper notices the change between the wolf's legs. In a last ditch effort he grips the wolf's hardened sex and begins to quickly stroke while using his full power to calm her. It takes a few minutes, but it works. Leah's body reaches orgasm and the wolf trembles and howls in to the night air. Seconds later, she's still