Title: Haldir: When Hearts are Bound Author: Haldirsbaby Rated: MA Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord of the Rings or its Characters, those belong to Tolkein. I own only Linessa and the story plot. Characters:Haldir/OFC. Guest appearance: Galadriel. Timeline: AU-Before LOTR:FOTR; Neither book nor movie verse Genre: Romance Spoilers: Haldir is alive! Warnings: Explicit scenes not suitable for readers under 18 years of age. Rated for descriptive writing and Sexual content. PURE SMUT Summary: Haldir finds his love. Naughty thoughts turn to Love. Haldirmance. ONE SHOT. Naughty Elf?... Just having got back from his three month stay on the fences, Haldir settled into his hot bath, to relieve his tired muscles. Having just washed his long silver blonde hair, he slung it over the back and laid down his head on the tub. 'Ah, now this is relaxing.' he thought to himself. Closing his eyes, he began to think on what he was going to do for the fortnight he would be home. Options flowed through his mind. A fishing trip with both his brothers was good, visit with a couple of old friends, and some much needed companionship of a female nature as well. His thoughts turned to the thoughts of wooing an elleth. Feeling her skin to his, her touching him in ways that he had not been done since the last time, her scent would be beautiful to him, not to mention send him reeling. The thoughts continued for what seemed an eternity. He felt that urgency in those fantasies and his loins began come alive. Haldir was never one to lose his own self control, but he found himself slowly running his hands down his body. He made his way to the place where his fire was igniting at the thoughts of being with an elleth. Something he was beginning to crave more and more. Taking himself into his hands, he began to stroke slowly, the feeling washing over him, thinking how good it would be to find a timid female to satisfy his lust. Have her take him in her mouth, licking, kissing and sucking on him. That thoughts caused his strokes to quicken. His eyes closed he imagined an elleth, looking up at him while she rubbed him in her mouth, her eyes full of love and adoration, moaning as she teased the tip. His strokes became faster and his breathing more erratic. Finally after his intense session, he released and opened his eyes. Still feeling the sexual pull, he sighed and finished washing himself, then climbed out of the tub. CRASH! Hearing the sound, put Haldir into a full alert. Wrapping a towel around his waist, he bolted from the room. Looking around for what may have caused the sound, he found nothing and proceeded into the kitchen. He stopped and stared at the sight. There knelt on the floor, a golden blonde head leaning over a pile of broken dishes. She was softly cursing at herself for being so clumsy and silently crying at the same time. Haldir had forgotten about the young maiden who cleaned his talan, for he left as soon as she took the position. Haldir smiled as he looked at her rear, it was so voluptuous and slightly fuller, due to her partial human background. It was one of the reason, her heritage that is, that he hired her. She was a pretty little thing, naive, and innocent. It was what made her so damn appealing. Today she was dressed in a pale pink work dress, and a white pinafore. Her little dainty feet peeking from beneath the dress. Her hair hung loosely down her back but the top half came down the middle braided. She was beautiful "OUCH!" he heard her say, which brought him out of his observation. He came to her side and knelt down. She had cut her finger and was pulling it to her mouth to get it stopped bleeding. Haldir reached for her hand and pulled it to him. Stunned she just looked at him. Seeing that the cut was more just a scratch, he looked at her as he grabbed a towel off the counter to help stop the bleeding. "You are back!" she said stunned. "Just got back an hour ago. You alright, Lindessa?" he asked concerned. "I was just getting ready to make you supper, and the dishes slipped out of my hands." she said timidly looking down at her cut finger. She looked down at the mess and shook her head. "I am usually not this clumsy," she said in thought. "Tis not a problem, one is allowed a mishap now and again." He said smiling at her. He could tell she was used to having someone to look at her, her cheeks turning red as if embarrassed. He also noticed that she had a hard time looking at him for long. He smiled to himself, as he looked upon her profile. SO meek, mild and sweet. His eyes strayed to her full rosy pink lips and wondered what it would be like to have her kiss him. He licked his lips as if preparing them, then shook it off. The girl was young, far younger than him in elven years. Though she was an adult, she in his eyes, was far too young to tamper with. One thing is for sure, he knew he could not take advantage of her innocents. No not at all. He would dress, eat and then go and seek out one of the regular favorites from a long list of willing elleths. He smiled at her once more. He looked down at the pile of broken dishes and then to her hand. "You have stopped bleeding." He said softly, "Do not worry on this." She said not a word as she looked him over. Noticing his state of dress, she quickly averted her eyes and began picking up the mess. "I suppose I have. I shall clean this and get started on your supper." Haldir noted the look in her eyes and the way she blushed slightly upon looking at him. "I shall dress now. Worry not on my supper, I shall get something in the main hall." He stood and looked down at her once more. The towel around his waist shifted slightly, nearly coming undone. She looked up at him, but not fully, her gaze fell upon the slowly growing bulge underneath the towel. Her face turned bright red. Haldir smiled devilishly at her and the sight of her kneeling there and in front of him, caused the bulge to grow more. Oh the things he could do to her. Taking his time, he made his way back into his chamber thinking on the sweetness of the little elleth that worked for him. 'No.' he thought to himself, ' I will not see one of my regular ladies. I want something sweet, innocent.' He decided as he dressed that he would woo Linessa. She was just what he needed. Days later... .. For the next several days, he waited and watched. Just like he would on the fences, but this time it was leisurely done. Strategic planning was key. Of course, he would simply smile at her, thinking on how fun it would be to take her and at least make her his for one night. Numerous times he would catch himself smiling internally at the thoughts of her reluctance of him making her his. But he was a noble elf and would not take her forcefully, her would do it by making it seem non negotiable. Naughty thought is was, just watching her only slightly struggle. So far he had been nice, making small talk, dropping subtle hints and suggestions, just to see how she would act. Asking her about little things, like if she had a mate in mind, how she like the things he wore. Her responses told him that she did fancy him a little, but she was steadfast in her ways of waiting until she found her one and only true mate before joining with anyone. She would be a triumph for him, a sort of sport that any elf would want. He would be her first, this he vowed to himself. He would have her and it would be before he left again. This day, he sat on his favorite chair reading a book, but his attentions were not truly on the words. Linessa was there cleaning, he watched her every move. She moved about the talan straightening the pillows, the plants, dusting the furniture, cleaning the pictures, sweeping. Finally she moved into the kitchen. He saw his opportunity for the first strike. Quickly he laid the book on the table and stood. Walking silently through the dining room, to the other side. He stopped in the doorway. Linessa had lit the stove, and with her back to him, was taking down the ingredients for bread. He watched her movements closely to make sure she was not about to turn around. Seeing that she was now fully engrossed in the mixing of the ingredients, he silently stalked to stand behind her. Her hair which had been carefully placed this morning when she arrived, was now vexed with fly away strands that had come out of the braid she had down her back. Reaching for the braid he pulled the tie at the end and began running his fingers through it. Feeling something messing with her hair she turned around and gasped. "Wh-what are you doing?" she stammered surprised. He said nothing but moved closer and pinned her against the counter. He leaned his head a little closer to her and inhaled her scent. Cherry blossoms. His favorite scent of now. Her chest heaved as she struggled to breathe. "Haldir, what is this?" she asked a little concerned. "I am going after something I want." he told her, his voice thick. He snaked his arms around her slim waist, and he brought his bottom part of his body closer to hers. The bulge in his leggings told all to her. Her eyes went wide with shock. She struggled to push him away, but he did not budge. Finally realizing she was stuck in this situation, she looked up at him. Him being so near was intimidating enough. "And what pray tell is that?" she asked sarcastically. "This." he said simply. Dipping his head low, he crushed his lips to hers. She was stunned and started to put up a fight, but soon relaxed. His tongue plunged into her mouth, uninvited, unwanted and danced with hers. What was she to do? So she shocked herself by kissing him back. This was her first kiss and for that she was curious. Surely he would not go further. But she soon saw that he would. As if he thought he had the right, she felt his hands began to fiddle with the knot of her pinafore, slowly untying it. This made her swoon a little. 'This cannot be happening, he is my employer.' the thought rang in her mind. She pulled away stunned. Looking down at her under the thickness of his lashes, he only smiled. "This is not appropriate. I am your employee. I cannot allow this." She told him breathless from the kiss. "You are an adult, and I am as well. I see no problem, with two souls exploring possibilities." He said placing a hand on her left hip as he allowed the left hand to reach down and grab her buttocks. This action caused her to squeal out. The shock of his roaming. "There is a problem. I will not allow it to go no further." she said adamantly. Seeing that he had flustered her, whether she admitted to it or not, he smiled winningly and then pulled away from her. He turned and was about to walk from the room, but looked back to her. She was standing there, breathing heavy looking