Disclaimer: I am in no way affiliated with the Tolkien estate or New Line Cinemas. All elves and people of Middle Earth belong to Tolkien. Any movie scenes are owned by Peter Jackson and new Line Cinemas. All Original Characters are mine as is the plots and any facts, not in book or movies, are mine and mine alone. This piece is a work of fiction. No money is being made from this work of fiction. Warning: Possible Mary sue, Het, Graphic sex toward end of story. May contain vivid descriptions of battles and gore, definitely...AU. Summary: Arlothiyenne, niece to Celeborn and Galadriel, is a child of destiny. A Child given great powers and a task of the Valar, is brought before The Lord and Lady of Lorien for training and for protection. Born to two parents, both having powers of their own, she is adopted by the Lord and Lady to hide her true blood line. After a two hundred year absence, she returns to do what her destiny requires and full fills it. Finding her love with the March Warden. Prelude Chapter One: Child of Destiny Musings of a Mother, Meetings, and a Plan Shelowyn stood there in the throne room of her brother and sister-in-law's palace, her husband, Maeolari standing beside her with their crying daughter in his arms. Dread of being there shone clear on Shelowyn's mind. It had been many centuries since she last saw her brother, and it was her marriage, that had kept her away. Her mind drifted, drifted into the depth of the past. With her knowledge of her own past, and that of her husband, it was no wonder that her sister-in-law had seen it and warned Celeborn of it. Celeborn and Galadriel had warned her, but she had already seen it and it mattered not to her. The only one that had no knowledge of it was Maeolari, and seeing into the past, Shelowyn saw that it was best to be kept as a closely guarded secret starting with Maeolari's mother Erinwen. With good reason, for if he knew, it would ruin him. Her own parents, conceived her out of a long affair that lasted nearly century. Her father, Galadhon had been a great Lord in Doriath and her mother, a handmaiden to Galadhon's wife. It was no secret in those days of the Lord's affair and was not looked down upon. Ninnia, her mother, had many attributes that caused all the ellon to want her. Great beauty, noble personality, and not to mention a power deep within her that no one had seen the likes of. The visions and foresight served the kingdom well for impending danger, her will to bend the elements was a wonder and her healing powers were well sought after. But her main power was that of wielding flame made her legendary. Her powers deemed her a sorceress, but that mattered not to Galadhon. It was her beauty that captivated the Lord and started the affair. He pursued her relentlessly, daily he had wooed her until finally she gave in. Galadhon's wife, was made aware of the affair, did not protest, for it was not uncommon for bonded mates to take on other lovers. The secret of the affair stayed that way for nearly a century, but then a child was conceived and all was made known. Seeing how his own wife could not bear any other children, Galadhon embraced fatherhood again. Hoping that a daughter would be born. He already had two strong sons by his wife, and a daughter would be a welcome change. He doted upon his lover, making sure that all was just so for her, providing everything she could want or need. This made his wife jealous, but she endured and accepted that this was how it was supposed to be. Shelowyn's birth brought about a great sadness to the Lord's heart, for the one he held close to his heart, second to his wife, was lost. Knowing the babe was special seeing her mother's strength and powers emanating in her, he took the child to his wife and asked if she would raise the tiny baby. His wife peered down at the baby in his arms and instantly loved her. His two sons, Celeborn and Galathil, accepted the baby as their sister and guarded her as if she was a special gift. As Shelowyn grew, so did her abilities of fore sight, healing, and the ability to wield the elements, but also came a great wisdom. Galadhon's wife made sure to tell Shelowyn of her heritage, feeling it only right. Though she loved the girl as her own, she felt no pains in telling her. Shelowyn accepted it but still loved the woman as her own mother. Shelowyn's thoughts were interrupted by the sound of her husband's shushing the crying child. She only smiled and reached out to touch the baby's head. The child calmed a bit. Shelowyn looked around the main hall that held the thrones of Galadriel and Celeborn, wondering where they were. She felt on edge, a little out of sorts for this visit. 'Why have we come here?' she questioned herself. The dread grew more and the butterflies in her stomach began to flutter wildly. A shadow was coming, she had felt it for many years, but had tried to ignore it. When her daughter was born, two years before, it finally became more pronounced and the decision to seek help became a necessity. Maeolari cooed at his baby daughter, and looked up to smile at her. 'If only he knew the full reason why they were here.' she thought. Weary from their journey from a long extended visit from Mirkwood, Shelowyn found her thoughts straying more. She thought on the first meeting with Maeolari nearly two thousand years ago. The vision still fresh in her mind, his heritage haunting her still. His parentage was one of strange origins. His mother, Erinwen, had been an elleth from Rivendell, who worked in the house of Elrond as a maid. After her parents sailed to the Undying Lands, she made the long hard journey to Mirkwood to live with her brother, an advisor and friend to the King, and his wife and children. She lived there happily and easily made a name for herself as a healer with precognition and strange healing touch. But this mattered not to the people of Mirkwood. She was revered as valued member of the healing houses. A royal courtesan of sorts. It was rumored that of the many females, the King visited, she was his favorite, but that was just a rumor, truth was she had only loved one, and one only, Maeolari's father. The elf's name had slipped from all memory, but Erinwen took that to the grave with her when Maeolari was just an elfling of three hundred years of age. But Shelowyn knew it and like his mother decided, kept it closely guarded and secret. The Elf was not truly an elf, but a Maian wizard who had not reached his full potential, he had disguised himself as elfkind. The true nature of himself hidden until the right moment in time for it to be revealed. From the vision of the event, it was shown that the Maian had an agenda he wanted to bring forth. To create a helpmate, one of his own flesh, and endowed with power to help him in his quest of practicing magic. But the Valar saw the true nature of his creation, and stripped the power from the babe, while still in the womb, and would hold that power for the next generation. The Maian, watched and waited for the birth of the child, his son and visited Erinwen one last time, with the intent of stealing the child away. But he was fooled. The Valar intervened just in time. Upon looking at the child and seeing he had no power in him at all, he became enraged. He blamed Erinwen of conspiracy, but she simply told him she prayed the Valar would bless their child. The maian, then revealed who he was truly, which caused the elleth to be heartbroken and glad she had prayed the Valar would bless her babe. The Maian abandoned his lover and her child, never to be heard from again. In the years following the birth of Maeolari, Erinwen told him nothing of his father's true self and simply told those around her that the father was not her true mate and that he had died. This is what Maeolari knew. At the age of three hundred, on a journey back from Rivendell, an elven entourage was attacked by orcs, and Erinwen was killed taking the knowledge to the grave. The survivors took Maeolari back to his uncle who raised him. Many years later, when Shelowyn came to Lorien to live in the land her brother had Lord ship, a great party of elves, her brother and sister-in-law included, traveled to Mirkwood. It was then, that Shelowyn and Maeolari found each other. Upon the first meeting, she saw his past, knew of it fully, but her heart was taken the instant they said hello. Galadriel, being gifted in fore sight, saw what she had seen and told Celeborn to take care and discourage the relationship. But neither her nor Maeolari listened. Their love was strong from the beginning. So they married. Nearly fifteen hundred years into the marriage, Shelowyn began to be plagued by dreams and visions of a child being born. Her child, a daughter, and the child would have a power beyond reckoning. It was seen the child's inner light was brighter, more powerful than any other. This child, would be the light of the people and the judge of all that is good and evil. Her powers though strong, even in the visions, was not fully known, but Shelowyn could feel that she would need help. For nearly five hundred years she waited, until it was so that she conceived. The child that grew within her, hummed with power. She felt it each day getting stronger. When the baby was born and she was able to finally look down into the face of her, she saw that what she had seen had come true. The powers the tiny girl was unfathomable and she knew that the only way to help her was to come and seek out the help of her sister-in-law. Speaking to Maeolari, they made the decision to make the journey from their home near the Ferochel, to Mirkwood to see his family. For two years they stayed. Thranduil deemed them family and became attached to them all, including little Arlothiyenne, who had stolen the hearts of all she encountered. All saw that light in her, and knew she was important. Shelowyn's thoughts stopped there as the blinding light surrounding her brother and sister-in-law came into the room. She looked up feeling her reserve dying down, she wondered how they would react. Would they finally accept her husband? How will they react toward her daughter? The Lord and Lady slowly walked down the stairs, their sights set on the family at the foot of the stairs. Shelowyn and Maeolari bowed in respect to them. Galadriel smiled warmly and Celeborn just stared at the couple, his expression unreadable. Shelowyn and Maeolari stayed bowed until they were spoken to. "My sister, why is it you have come at this late hour? We had expected you long before now?" Celeborn inquired. Holding a hand to her heart in respect, she spoke, "My brother, forgive us for the late hour, but have come seeking help and counsel. I would have been here sooner, but we have been in Mirkwood longer than expected." The baby in Maeolari's arms was becoming more restless and began to cry. Celeborn hearing this walked to stand in front of his brother-in-Law. Holding out his arms, a small smiled played across