Haldir's Big Problem (ReVAMPED) by Haldirsbaby Rating: PG-13 Fandom: LOTR Trilogy Timeline: After the ROTK Characters: Haldir, Rumil, Orophin, Elrond, Arwen, Legolas, Aragorn, Gimli, Elladan, Elrohir, Erestor, and others by name only. Warning: Mild description of body parts toward end. No Romance pairings, mild mention of homosexual nature. Go to bathroom before reading...not responsible for peeing on oneself. Spoiler: Haldir is not dead, but has a serious side effect from being injured. Disclaimers: I do not own ME, LOTR, Or its characters, those are property of Tolkien and his estate. Only borrowed characters for a bit of fun. Only things I own, is the side story and its humor...No money is being made from this work of fiction. summary: And it was thought only Dwarves snored loudly. Note: This story is dedicated to My EX HUBBY, Nathan, who one night decided to Snore too loudly in my ear...The Muses Struck, and this story was born...Thanks. At dinner... The Last Homely House was now full of guests. The table was now full, for the dinner to welcome the three brothers of Lorien. Haldir, Rumil, and Orophin. In attendance to this dinner party was also: Arwen and her new Husband, Aragorn, Elladan, Elrohir, Gimli and Legolas. Gimli and Legolas traveled to Rivendell with Queen Arwen and King Aragorn on their way to the Shire to attend the wedding of Samwise and Rosie. Haldir and his brothers were sent on an important errand for Lady Galadriel, ' one of great importance ' as the prior note said with no more reason offered. While enjoying the comforts of good food, wine, and fellowship, a debate or should I say, more of a ' gang up on the dwarf' type of discussion soon arose that everyone in attendance seemed to delve into at once. Legolas, who was sitting next to his dwarf friend, Gimli, began making comments on the strange ways of the dwarves. "I tell you, laddie, I do not snore,h Gimli said irritated at Legolas. Everyone at the table stopped eating and stared at him with eyes that spoke loud and clear, 'yes, you do'. All at the table had been in or around his sleeping form and knew well enough that is it was true. Legolas looked to his friend, giving him the eyes of one that knew better. gYes, you do, my short, stout friend. What is really bad, is it gets worse once you are filled with ale.h He looked to Haldir, gIs that not right, Haldir? You were there when he passed out in Rohan after our little 'Drinking Game'.h Haldir looked up, stayed silent and nodded in agreement. Legolas looked to Gimli again. gI could not get a wink of sleep that night.h Gimli now knowing that he had no way to fight this but to hold his ground, slammed down his glass of fine wine and stare at his elf friend. gI do not snore!h he said insisting that it was not true. Arwen, daintily wiped food from her lips, sat forward and sweetly tried to damper the argument in her usual sweet way. gGimli, mellon, I am sorry to say, you do. When you attended mine and Aragorn's wedding, we had received complaints from those sleeping near your chambers about your problem.h Gimli looked down at his place sitting, embarrassed and humbly apologized, he had been spoken to the morning after Arwen arrived and was married about the very subject. gAye, I am sorry about that your majesty.h Aragorn, never one to keep a fight going, took initiative and added his own insights on it. gI remember many a night on our journey, being afraid that the Orcs could hear you, and find us.h He said looking back upon the time during the beginning of their journey. Rumil being one that loved to 'keep the fire going' piped up and spoke. gWhile the Fellowship was in Lorien, my brothers and I would visit the little camp to keep all of you company, our conversations were always interrupted by the constant noise coming from your mouth.h Orophin smiled remembering it all, while Haldir remained silent only nodding. Gimli, now thoroughly embarrassed and knowing that he was not to win this, finally had enough of the constant reminders. He shot back an admission with great irritation. gAlright, I guess I do have a problem.h He rolled his eyes and continued, gWhat is this 'gang up on Gimli' day?h Arwen smiled sweetly, knowing that her friend felt discomfort in it all, and reached out across the table taking her friend's hand in hers. gFret not, Gimli, we still love you.h He looked at her, his lips pursed together and nodded silently. Orophin, who had remained silent, smiled and took in all said. Thinking to himself, 'If only they all knew the real reason were are here.' he looked to Elrond, who was taking in the spectacle trying to hold back a small chuckle behind his wine glass. He looked over at Haldir, who sat there, drinking his sweet wine and smiling in amusement. Orophin shook his head in disbelief. 'My brother thinks himself perfect. He has no idea the true reason of our visit.' Orophin thought to himself. A few hours later... After the ganging up on Gimli was done and dinner was finished. It was time to turn in for the night. But what no one knew was, what kind of night it would be. The sleeping arrangements were set and the entire house was now settled into their own slumbers. Including on individual who felt the whole house and part of the valley had to hear it. The tranquil night was interrupted when a loud snore sounded that rattled paintings on the wall and the window panes all throughout the house. It was long, drawn out and woke everyone up in the house, except the culprit that it came from. The first to arrive in the corridor were Aragorn and Arwen, who had heard the loud noise from clear on the opposite end of the house. Then Legolas, who ran from his rooms carrying both his battle knives, drawn and ready for battle, wearing only his britches. The twins ran down the halls from their chambers with their swords drawn. Elrond, who was still up and in his library, stepped out into the hall looking from one end to the other trying to locate the direction of the shattering snore, his brows furrowed in thought. He saw the gathering there, in the corridors and stepped out to find out what had happened. But he noticed that all was there except for the Lorien brothers and Gimli. Everyone stared at each other in wonderment on what had happened. In was in that moment, another snore sounded, this time worse than the last. Shaking the house as an earthquake would. Paintings fell from the walls, books flew from the shelves, and drywall fell in bits and pieces all at the same time. It was so loud, that Gimli bolted from his rooms wielding his ax and letting out a loud battle cry. Everyone stared at him in complete shock. He soon realized what he had done and put down his ax. Rumil and Orophin soon emerged from their rooms, hair disheveled but wide awake, smiling and stifling giggles. What in Middle Earth was going on? All was here, except one, and he had yet to emerge from his chambers. It was at this moment, another snore sounded. This time it was so loud, that the cats and dogs could be heard screeching and howling mournfully throughout all of Imladris. Having had enough, Elrond burst into the room from which the terrible noise was coming from. Everyone that stood in the corridor, followed him and looked within the room, to find the Mighty Marchwarden of Lorien lying there sound asleep, having no clue that all had been awakened by the horrid noises that was coming from his lips. Seeing that Haldir had no inkling of what was going on, Elrond turned and shooed them all from the room. Orophin and Rumil standing in the back of the small crowd, tried to sneak back to their rooms, but were soon snatched up by Elrond, who turned them around to face him. Elrond gave them each the 'arched brow', a look he was famous for that could send a thousand daggers into their scared faces. Both knew the secret was now out and looked to the floor in shame. A snore sounded this time that rattled and shook the house so bad, that it nearly knocked everyone off their feet. The servants who had somehow eluded being drawn from their rooms, came like a flood, running down the halls screaming, gThe house is falling! Run for your lives!h Elrond seeing his house slowly falling apart, looked to the two brothers for explanation. Of Explanations and Confessions... Before long the entire Last Homely House had been emptied, with the exception of the one that caused the snoring ruckus, and the residents was now gathered outside, in their night clothes in the gardens. Orophin and Rumil stood there, their eyes cast down as Lord Elrond paced back and forth in front of them. They jumped slightly as the Elf Lord's voice boomed out. gSo, tell me.h he paused looking for the right words to say, gThe note from my mother-in-law said that she had a favor to ask of me. When you arrived, it was expressed that you wait until the following day after your arrival to tell me. Was this atrocious display in there the reason for your visit?h he asked arching his fine brow at them both. Orophin, being the middle brother, the oldest of the two standing there, spoke up. gWell, my lord, she was at a loss of what to do.h he was quiet, knowing the anger the Lord could present when needed. "About what? That?h he boomed out, pointing to the direction of the house. "Yes. She wanted you to hear it for yourself, so you would know how to help him. The snores started right after he was injured at Helm's Deep and has been getting worse by the day.h He looked at the lord, his eyes filled with concern. gCan you help my brother?h he asked humbly. Elrond seemed a little perturbed by the question. gHow am I supposed to help him? I know not the reasons why people snore.h he said pausing a moment. Then it hit him, the looked of worry. To himself more than anything, he whispered loudly, gShe must be paying me back.h Rumil, the curious one of all those there, scratched his head and looked at the Elf Lord in confusion. gPaying you back? My lord?h he asked the confusion laced in his voice. Arwen gasped, shocked at what her father had said asked, gAda, what did you do?h Elrond, knowing his mistake in letting it slip, looked around embarrassed and shot back, gThis is not about me. This is about the Marchwarden of Lorien waking up my entire house and trying to tear it down with his monstrous snores!h Elladan began to giggle, being a playful sort of person, who was now thoroughly intrigued by his father's nervousness encouraged his father to continue. gAdar, you might as well tell us what you did. You have already 'let the cat out of the bag'. I know, I for one, am thoroughly interested in what you done to my grandparents.h Legolas, who was standing there, listening to all in the conversation, and growing tired and irritated looked to Lord Elrond. gMy Lord, please just tell us. We are all fully awake now and it is unlikely that any of us is going to get to sleep any time soon.h Elrond hesitated a moment. The irritation of how this was turning out, soon decided that it would be a lesson for his son's about not playing pranks on people. "Alright! The last time I