Title: Full Circle. Author: Haldirsbaby Beta: Myself Answer to...January 2011 JFA Challenge Rating: PG-13 Warning: Could be mary suish, rated for kissing, and somewhat clean naughty thoughts. No explicit sex. Very cute little story, not responsible for adoration of this piece. Timeline: Before LOTR Characters: Haldir/OFC, Ocs Disclaimer: I do not own the LOTR or its characters, those belong to the Master of Imagination...Tolkien. I do own all Ocs and the plots. No monies being made on this work of fiction. Spoiler: Helms Deep ain't happened yet, so Haldir is safe. Summary: Haldir is forced to take a vacation, but get reunited with people of his past through a little meddling and determination. (He ain't as Hard hearted as we thought) Circumstances brings his life full circles...find out what happens. Note: All suggested challenge phrases used are written in bold letters. And I did it in 6986 words. Hope you all enjoy! Hugs. Reunions and Orders Bang! Haldir entered his talan, throwing open his door, his anger much stronger than it had ever been before. He whole life had been ruled, for such a long time, by his position, which was fine by him, for he had no hopes to ever find love, and settle down. For months, he had remained on the borders, protecting it, following and giving orders , without batting an eye. To him, his life was just fine. But today, he had been ordered to remain in the city. That was not unusual, for he often made trips home to give reports. Yet in the meeting with Lord Celeborn, he found that Galadriel was there also. That could not be good. In the conversation, it was explained to him, they thought he needed a break, a vacation, to relax, gather himself and have fun. They claimed he was becoming quite an Orc in his behavior. Oh, that made him mad. The Lady's words sounded in his head. 'Haldir, for too long you have stalked our borders, ignoring your own needs, foregoing all happiness. It is time you take a long needed rest.' The realization hit him like a ton of falling rocks . They wanted him to take a vacation. 'I do not need a vacation!' he growled out loud into the air of his empty talan. He threw off his cloak and stalked into his bedchamber. His mind raced as he thought on how he would spend his time, and nothing came to mind. He was so used to his duties, anything else seemed to be a waste of time. As he rummaged through his wardrobe for clean clothes, he noticed something. Everything had been rearranged, neater, more organized. He huffed out. As if being forced to take a vacation was not enough, now someone had messed with his possessions. He rolled his eyes, and turned around and noticed the talan. In his anger, he had not seen it before, but the whole place was clean. From room to room he walked. Everything sparkled with a shine of cleanliness. Who did this? His inquiring mind wanted to know. He stood his living room and wondered on who was responsible for this act of kindness. Kindness. That was the word that resounded in his mind. No one had ever done something so nice for him before. Of course, he was respected, being the March Warden, but also he was feared for his act of arrogance and his ruthless behavior as the Captain of all the Lady's armies. He just looked around amazed. Sure he like the uncleanliness of his home, it was more comfortable, more tolerable. He shrugged it off some, but his mind sought an answer as to why he liked it so much. Chaos. His duties forced him to be organized, well thought out, perhaps his home was the one place he did not have to be that way. But in light of it being organized, perhaps this vacation would not be so bad. He could take charge of its cleanliness. What did he have to lose? His thoughts were broken, when from the back of the talan came a sound . Something in which had never been heard before in the four walls of his sanctuary. A woman's voice, singing. Sweet, the song sounded. But to whom did it belong? He found the door it came from. The bathing chamber. He placed his hand to the knob and slowly opened it, careful not to scare away the female. The door was now opened, and was greeted with the most wonderful sight. A female's backside, bent over the tub, scrubbing and cleaning it. He stepped inside, careful not to make any noise in doing so. He watched as the elleth's behind shook as she moved her arms, in circular motions as she scrubbed. He raised a brow. He was wondering who had done this deed of cleaning, but it seemed that the little sprite had not left. Oh, this would be interesting. He watched as a hair fell from the long golden blonde braid and into her face. She blew the fallen lock to the side. She had been working hard, and he knew it. Truth was, speaking of hard, he was feeling himself grow just watching her. After watching her ample backside a little longer, he decided it was time to make his presence known. He came closer to her, his feet at a stance just on either side of her buttocks. His anger slowly cooling into something else entirely, he reached down, his hands just a few mere inches on each side of her hips. He waited, for what he did not know, but he did. He moved his hands closer and closer to her hips, so that he was just a hair from touching her, then pounced. His fingers moving in a motioned that caused her to jump. Her scream of both laughter, and shock. He grabbed her waist, stood her to her feet, and then turned her to look at him. He stopped once her eyes met his. Lilly. His old friend's baby sister, Lillienne. He gasped. "Hello, Haldir. I did not hear you come in." she said holding onto his forearms. "Lilly? Little Lilly? What in Mordor are you doing here? Last I heard, you were still in Mirkwood with your Ada's sister." he said almost too shock for words. "I got back last month. How are you?" she asked hugging him. His arms tightened around her waist. "I am well." he said holding her out to look at her. It had been nearly a hundred fifty years since he last saw her. "My, you have grown in height and beauty. You are how old now?" he asked. "Two hundred fifty. I was barely into adulthood then and had yet to fill out." she answered smiling. He looked at her again, hardly believing she was the same little elleth that drove him nuts all those years ago. It had been a ritual of hers, to cause him trouble. Interfering with his courtships of the ladies, always waking him up in the dead of night, just to tell him she was scared. He really did not mind so much, cause he always looked at her like a little sister. Being his best mellon's sister, he was, as was his brothers, very protective of her. He smiled. "So Lilly, why are you in my talan?" She smiled. "Well, I heard of your disagreement with my brother some years ago. Not to mention, the Lady contacted me two months ago, telling me of how since you and my brother fell out, you had become a stuffy old clad, and a workaholic, she asked if I could come back and help out. That is why I am here." she said. Furling a brow she looked at him. "You know Haldir, I remember you used to be such a cleaner Elf. Imagine my horror to find your talan, a pig stye." "Well," he started, "I work all the time, not to mention, hate to clean. So I let it go, but not all. I do do dishes, and the washing." he said defending himself. "I know. I saw that." she said. "How long you home for?" he asked releasing her, then leaned against the bathing vanity. "For good, hopefully. I have missed Lothlorien so badly. Aunt said I should come home and be with Tarion, but I had put it off." She said. As if treading waters she mentioned the one thing that had caused the fight between he and her brothers. "I did not want to be a burden to him and Bethiel. They are expecting." Haldir tensed up, feeling alienated with the mention of his old friend's betrayal. Tarion had stolen an elleth Haldir had longed for for so long. It caused a rip between them, that could not be mended. "I heard." he clipped. His anger still evident. "I know what he did, and it was wrong, but Haldir, life may be long for us, but an eternity of hard feeling, is not how we should live." Lilly said coming to stand before him. She hesitated. "Tarion misses you Haldir. Greatly and wishes to reconcile with you." "I will reconcile when he admits he was in the wrong." he said looking at her disgusted with the whole matter. He looked at her, then softened. It was good she was home, she had always been like a small beacon of joy when she was around before. Perhaps this vacation would not be so bad after all. "Let us drop it. Back to why you are here. Did the Lady tell you more about why she needed you to come home?" he asked. "Well, it is why I am here. In your talan. She had been planning on taking you off duty for a couple months. She came to visit me the morning after my arrival and explained about how much you been working, how you been acting, and asked if I could be a damper of sorts. To help you relax. It was her plan to let you rest, without worries. So while you are here in the city, I am to be your housekeeper, cook, and in charge of your having fun." she said smiling broadly as she put away the towels. "Basically, you are my commander." he said using his military understanding. "If you want to call it that, but I am not going to make you work. But make sure you take it easy and live. It is Galadriel's orders, and I intend on making you abide by it." she said happily. Chipper as always, Haldir reminded himself. "Very well then. It will be a change that I will have to get used to.' He said as an acceptance. He did not like the fact he was to be ordered around, but considering it was Lilly, he would try it. "What are the terms of this new task?" She went to walk from the room, and turned to bid Haldir to follow her. "My terms are these. One, you will at least talk to my brother and try to mend your broken friendship. I know deep down you miss his company. Two, you may go to the training field in the mornings and oversee your wardens and practice with them. I know that makes you happy. Third, I am going to open you up to having fun. Picnics, fishing trips, and going to functions. The Lady has several planned. There is a ball in a weeks time, I have commissioned finery for that for you. You will go with me." "Is that all?" Haldir said expecting something harsher. "Simple really. If you like, you can even go to the wardens functions as well, as long as you promise to have fun." she said going to the oven. He had faintly smelled the heavy essence of something cooking, but was not sure of what it was. Lilly bent down and