Genre: Romance, Hurt/Comfort, angst and drama Characters:Rumil/OFC, Haldir, Celeborn, Orophin, Galadriel, some others only mentioned Rating-PG, or T Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord of the Rings or any characters pertaining to the fantasy world of Middle Earth. They all belong to Tolkien. I own only Erulande and the plot line. I make no monies from my works of fiction and it done for pure enjoyment only. Summary: Rumil is but a breath away from losing the only elleth he loves, but will love survive? Read and Find out. For EllethAusie The idea for this story came from a request from a fan of mine. Who thought it would be nice for me to write about someone other than Haldir. This story is dedicated to her and all those who love the adorable and sweet...Rumil. Rumil and Erulande.. . .. Erulande sat on the banks of the Nimrodel, contemplating her life in the fair lands of Lorien. Her arrival nearly six hundred years ago still caused her great pain. Her father, brother to Lord Celeborn, decided that his time here in Middle Earth was over, and left her here. Being of a young and tender age, she was raised by her Uncle Celeborn and Aunt Galadriel. During her life, she was raised with all the comforts of a princess. Not to mention, the personal guarding by Haldir, the infamous March Warden, and his two rascals he called his brothers. Of the three, Rumil had and always will be the one she cared for the most. His deep friendship and his caring nature, touched her heart to the deepest parts of her very soul. Throughout the years, and in all her memories, he was the first to befriend her and truly cared about her happiness. Together they had caused a ruckus and mischief in Lorien, even though he was more than a thousand years older than she. Several years ago, at a celebration marking the coming of spring, her heart and thoughts toward Rumil had changed and grown stronger ever since. Afraid to let him know such a thing, she kept it to herself, hoping that it was not true. But over time, it had grown, at least on her end. Erulande watched the waters gently making its way over the rocks, taking all leaves and small logs with it. Seeing the log moving so fast, it reminded her of her heritage as an immortal. Elves were supposed to have all the time in the world for life to happen, but for her time was running short. Terribly short. Tears flowed down her cheek as she remembered her meeting with her aunt this morning, informing her that not only was Celeborn staying behind, but all three brothers were going to stay as well. This pained her. Life without Rumil, seemed bleak, but she had promised her aunt that she would go with her to the Undying Lands months ago. The knowledge that she was leaving Middle Earth and her beloved was staying behind to guard, Uncle Celeborn was too much for her. Her reaction was one of desperation, she ran and ran until she made it to this place, 'their' place to be alone. This spot is where Rumil had taught her how to dance, how to fish, and how to string a bow, all while listening to his sweet melodic voice, singing a lament that he had written many years ago. So many memories, so many years here. Looking around she saw the spot where, Rumil held her after a young ellon had broken her heart. She could still see it, as plain as the day it happened. There on the boulder she sat with her knees up near her face, her arms covering her eyes. Her tears raining down like the waterfalls of Rivendell. She never heard him approach, but felt his strong arms wrap around her and forced her to bury her head in his shoulder. The string of threats came from him, about killing the ellon who had broken 'his little Eru, his little dove' heart. That is what he always called her. The nickname, he told her was what her hair color reminded him of, feathers of a dove. White and shiny. Looking at the old tree that crossed the river like a bridge to the other side, she thought on the time he walked to the other side of it to save a small kitten that was stuck up in the tree. She remembered it all too well. The orange little kitten must have fallen in the outer edges of the river and gotten wet. To get away from the water, it climbed a tree and got stuck. Upon rescuing it, he carried it in his tunic, back across the river and safely into her arms. He named it, 'Trouble', and for years that cat had caused trouble all over Lorien. When it died, she and Rumil had been the one that buried him. They both picked the right spot, upon a small hill not far from here, overlooking the shore where it had been rescued from. The tears began to fall again at this time. She buried her head in her knees, her tears falling harder. She did not hear him, nor did she know, that he was there, until he spoke. "The Lady has told you, has she not?" Rumil's sad filled voice rang out. She looked up. There he stood in the rays of the afternoon sun, dressed in his Warden's uniform. Her breath caught on his fine, handsome elven looks. He had been called back for one last tour on the borders, before his move to Rivendell, and her departure. She looked away from him, all the pain, all hurt she did not want him to see. She bit her lip. What could she say? "Eru, little dove, why do you cry?" he asked. Concern for her was clear in his voice, but laced with sadness as well. She could say nothing, for nothing could change what was about to happen to her. The sob she let out nearly, broke Rumil in two. Not knowing what else to do, he did the only thing he had done any other time. This time it felt different, more final. He reached out and pulled her to him. Her tears soaked through his tunic. Her grip on him, tight and unbreakable, holding to him, like it was for her very life. "Sweeting, do not cry. I shall be there soon enough. It is just not our time to go yet." he said softly. He rubbed her back comforting her. "It is our duty to protect Lord Celeborn. Are you not happy, that you will see your father and mother again?" he asked her. She pulled away and looked at him. Her blue-green eyes reddened by the tears, her cheeks puffy and swollen. The sight of her this way made his heart ache, while on the other hand made her more beautiful to him. It was true, in his heart, that his feelings for her had grown to more than friendship, but she did not know this. He reached up, brushed a stray tear away from her eyes. "Yes, but-" she stopped as if she would say something, but stopped herself. She realized something. "You want me to leave, don't you?" she asked sadly. He sat up straight, unwrapping his arms from around her. He looked away, sighing out loud, he shook his head 'yes'. "You have to go, Eru. I want you safe and in a place where no one can ever harm you." he admitted. It pained him to do so, but it was what he wanted. "How would I be harmed? Rumil, the War is over. Sauron is destroyed. What harm could befall me now in this time of peace? If you can tell me, I will go and never look back." she said imploring for an answer. "Peace there is now, but evil always finds away to return. You know this." he said looking at her. She stood, not believing that this elf, the one who held her heart, was telling her to leave. "That is not a good enough answer." she stopped looked at him, then realized what she wanted did not matter. Throwing up her hands, she gave in, "Fine, you win, Rumil. I will go. But once in Valinor, you need not to look for me." She told him angrily. The second she said it, she regretted it. She did not want to leave him, making him think she wanted nothing to do with him. But she held fast and ran from the shore, into the forest with Rumil calling after her. "Eru, please understand." he called out to her retreating form. His voice dropped, "I love you." He sadly turned and watched the waters. His heart tearing in two. Departing Lorien.. ... . The day came, exactly five years to the day after the final battle for Middle Earth. All of Lorien, or what was left of its occupants, was a hustle and bustle of activity. Carts upon carts heavy laden with treasures of the people, their worldly possessions. Horses, saddled and ready to go. The wardens, or what was left of them, were lined up to protect the people on their journey from Lorien. The plan was to follow the safest road, and meet with Lord Elrond outside of Rivendell to the South. There, those staying behind with Lord Celeborn would then turn North and travel to Rivendell where they would reside until he decided to leave. Those going on to the Undying Lands, were to follow the Wardens traveling with them, to the harbor just beyond the white towers, The Grey Havens. The ship that would carry them would be waiting for them. It was rumored that Gandalf the White, Mithrandir as he was known to most, would board the ship with three special guests. Bilbo and Frodo Baggins of the Shire and Shadowfax, the Lord of all Horses, a mearas. Celeborn rode his horse close to his wife, spending as much time with her as possible, before she left. Haldir and his brothers led the semi large party of elves onward. Rumil who was vexed with mixed feelings, tried unsuccessfully to mend his relationship with Erulande. She and he would trade a glance now and then, but neither would say anything. For the last days of the journey, silence was all they had. Many times, during rests, he would go and speak to her, but she would just turn away. But little did she know, he would look at her, committing her image to memory. Numerous times, she would be crying silently. His heart heavy, each step to the final one, was breaking his heart. His pain, was she would not speak to him to allow him to reveal to her how much she truly meant to him. He had loved her for years, but thought she wanted nothing to do with him in that way. That final day upon the shore of the Nimrodel told him one thing. That she loved him. He saw it in her heart, her pain, her hurt, it spoke her true feeling for him. He only wished, that he had said how he felt then. It was a regret, that he would have to deal with..alone. Final day of the journey...Erulande accepts her fate. The morning of the final day of the journey, Erulande awoke with a new acceptance in her heart. Though it pained her, she realized that maybe, Rumil did not feel for her what she felt for him. Putting a smile on her face, she focused her thoughts on seeing her father and mother once more. She decided to be happy about going with her aunt to the most sacred of places. Her steps became more giddy with the a new joy. This was a good day. But soon as they all came upon