Summary: What if Isabella (Bella) Marie Swan didn't exist? What if someone else took her place? Meet Lillian (Lily) Luna Callery, as she goes through the wonders of Bella's life. But there is one problem. Lily's Grandma was half vampire. That makes her part vampire but she doesn't know anything about it. Whenever Lily gets a strong emotion she can run at an inhuman speed, she gets inhuman strength, and she thirsts for blood... She tries ignoring it but when she moves to Forks, a group of strangers meet her eye and she finds herself in love with a vampire... My father drove me to the airport with the windows rolled down. It was seventy degrees in Phoenix; the sky was my favorite, a perfect cloudless blue. I was going to Forks, the opposite of Phoenix. The sky was always a grayish blue colour, filled with clouds, if you were lucky, there would be some sunshine. 'Lily,' said my dad 'You don't have to do this.' 'I want to go,' I lied. I've always been a good liar, but anyone close to me knew when I lied. 'Tell Annabeth I said hi.' 'I will.' 'I'll see you soon. You can come home whenever you want, I'll come right back as soon as you need me.' 'Don't worry about me, I'll be fine. Love you dad.' I hugged him for a moment and let him go. I got on the plane and he was gone, and so was the sunny weather. It was a four-hour flight from Phoenix to Seattle, another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles and an hour drive to Forks. Annabeth has been fairly nice about the whole thing. She seemed pleased that I was coming to live with her. She'd already gotten me registered for a high school and was going to help me get a car. When I landed in Port Angeles it was raining, the usual. Annabeth was waiting for me by her car, a black Audi. 'It's good to see you Lily,' she said as she gave me a hug. 'You haven't changed much. How's Connor?' she asked. 'Dad's fine. It's good to see you too Anna,' I said as I smiled at her. This was one thing I liked about my mom. I was aloud to call her Anna instead of mom or Annabeth. My mom looks like me but her hair is shoulder-length and her skin is a bit paler. 'I found a good car, really cheap,' she announced when we went in the car. 'What type of car?' I asked. 'It's a Toyota, the smallish kind.' 'Where did you find it?' 'Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?' La Push is the small Indian reservation on the coast. 'Billy Black and Jacob Black?' I asked. Whenever I came to visit my mom for the holidays I always went to Jacob's place. I went over three years ago year in the winter holidays and fixed a car with Jacob Black. After that we always tinkered with a car when I came over. 'He's in a wheelchair now,' said Anna, 'so he can't drive anymore so he offered to sell me his car cheap.' 'How cheap is cheap?' I asked. 'Well, I kind of bought it for you already as a homecoming gift.' Wow. Free. 'You didn't have to do that Anna. I was going to buy myself a car.' 'I don't mind. I want you to be happy here.' 'Thanks, I really appreciate it,' I said with a smile. 'You're welcome Lily.' And that was it for our conversation. We sat in the car for long time until we made it to Anna's place. She still lived in the small, two-bedroom house that she'd bought with my dad in the early days of our marriage. There, parked in front of the house that never changed was my new - well, new to me - car. It was a nice silver colour. A Toyota Aygo. 'Wow, I love it! Thanks!' 'I'm glad you like it' said Anna, embarrassed. It took one trip to get all of my stuff upstairs. I got the west bedroom which faced over the front yard. The room was familiar; it had belonged to me since I was born. The wooden floor, the baby blue walls, the peaked ceiling, the yellow lace curtains around the window. The only changes Anna had ever made was switching the crib for a bed and adding a desk as I grew. The desk now held a computer so that I and Connor could communicate easily. Anna left me alone to unpack and get settled. When I finished putting my clothes in the wardrobe, I took my bathroom necessities and went to the bathroom (the only bathroom in the house). I took a quick shower, drying myself and dried my hair. I examined my face in the mirror as I brushed my dark red hair. I changed into my sweat pants and sweater, and lay down in my bed. I thought about Phoenix, about the sunshine, about my friends there. Tears were threatening to overflow but instead, something else happened. I felt an ache on my arm. I moved my arm but it went to my other arm, dubbing the ache. Then it went through my whole body. My whole body throbbed a little, like pinching yourself hard and letting go. That type of ache. It didn't hurt a lot and it never lasted long, only ten seconds or so. The ache faded away, my vision became sharper and I could feel strength surging through my body. I looked out of my window; I was able to see the tiny pattern on the butterfly looking for a place to hide in all the rain. I grabbed the end of my bed and pulled, a handful of dented metal was in my hand. I squeezed it and it crumbled to dust. I jogged to the bathroom, at an inhuman speed. My face was chalky pale; my usual blue eyes were an intense, dark colour. 'Why me?' I mumbled. I always had this thing , it happened when I get a strong emotion like sadness, happiness or anger. My senses get stronger, my skin gets chalky pale, my blue eyes go dark and I thirst for blood. I've always ignored it but I was born with it and it kept getting stronger and stronger until I couldn't control it anymore. At the age of eleven, I decided that I should just live with it. 'Mom, I'm going outside for a walk, it happened again,' I called going down the stairs. Anna knew about it of course I mean someone had to know it, right? 'Come back before sunset,' she said. 'And don't bother anything too big.' I ran out of the house, jogged into the woods and when I knew I was far enough for no one to see me, I started parkouring. I climbed a tree quickly, walked down a branch and jumped to another tree. I caught the branch with my hands and using my momentum, I swung to the next tree, doing a somersault in the air. I landed on the tree with both feet, jumped to the floor and ran very fast, the trees flying by. I was enjoying my moment when a scent caught me off guard. Deer, I thought immediately. I stopped at once. I quietly sneaked up on it and on the last possible moment, I lunged at it. My teeth went through its neck like a knife through butter. Before it could react I drained all its blood, leaving the lifeless animal on the floor. I wiped the blood off my mouth and continued my journey. I wasn't satisfied yet so I ran to the Goat Rocks Wilderness, there were a lot of bears there and it was fun to annoy them. It took me about half a minute to get there. I smelled a bear not too far away. But then I smelled something else. It wasn't a human and it wasn't an animal. It smelled like well, I don't even know how to describe it. Well, just imagine a really nice honey-like smell that makes you feel all soft inside. I followed the scent and stopped when I saw an animal. Grizzly Bear. I ran to the bear and nearly tripped over my feet when I saw a human. No, not a human, something that looked like a human. Imagine a big human with curly brown hair and pale skin, that's what I saw. Somewhere in the distance I saw another one, pale skin, bronze hair and he was feeding on a bear too. Then the bronze haired boy looked up and met my eyes. They were a golden colour, but when they met mine, they got darker until they were nearly black. Before he could do anything, I ran away. Back home actually. I ran the whole way, not stopping once. When I got to my street I slowed down automatically. I sprinted to the door and opened the door with the keys and went inside, dropping my keys on the table. 'Mom, I'm home,' I called as I went to the bathroom. 'What happened Lily?' she asked when she saw my probably worried expression. 'Nothing mom, I uhm, nearly got eaten by a bear, I wasn't paying attention,' I lied. Anna knew I was lying but she didn't talk to me about it again. I went to the bathroom to check myself. I was still pale with crimson eyes now. I used to think I was part vampire or something but that meant that my mom or dad was a vampire or that vampires exist, something that wasn't true. I went to my room and read Hunger Games , a novel by Suzanne Collins and fell asleep after reading a few pages. I woke up with my book on the floor. I yawned and looked at my colour, it was gone now. The next day was my first school day. Darn it. I've always loathed the first day of school in Phoenix but there I had my friends to trust. But here there was no-one. I quickly went to the bathroom and had a quick shower. 'Lily, I've already made breakfast for you,' called Anna from the bottom of the stairs. 'Thanks Anna,' I called back. Anna works in a bakery called 'Cake and Bake'. She bakes the sweetest cupcakes and donuts ever. I grabbed all my stuff (stuff being my school bag and my jacket) and went down the stairs. Anna was putting on her jacket when I went down. 'Have to go to work Lily,' she said. 'Have fun at school,' she added as she left. I ate my chocolate chip cookie quickly and drained the milk. I washed the plate and glass and put them back in their place (we don't have a wash-machine). I didn't want to be too early for school but I didn't want to arrive last minute either. I put on my jacket and grabbed the house keys and my car keys from the small key hanger near the door. I ran to my car, trying to not get wet. I unlocked it and went inside, tossing my bag to the passenger seat. Inside it was nice and dry but a little cold. I turned on the engine and turned the heating system on. Finding the school wasn't difficult, even if I've never been there before. It wasn't obvious that it was a school but the Forks High School sign was basically saying 'This collection of matching houses is the school you're looking for, come on in'. The school did look like a collection of houses, built with maroon-coloured bricks. I drove around the school, following the small road that led to the parking lot (Anna told me about the school). I stepped unwillingly out of the warm car and took a