A/N - This fic was inspired by the recent Everlark Drabble Challenge on tumblr. My dear friend Baronesskika challenged me with the prompt ' The Worst Things in Life, ' and this oneshot has been born from it. Thank you, m'dear, for initially putting this Peeta in my head! This is dedicated to you :) And of course a million kudos have to go to Court81981 for making the mess I sent her into something readable and coherent. You're an absolute blessing to this fandom! TRIGGER WARNING - contains mention of real life terrorist events Please leave a review, and come say hello on tumblr - my username is alatarielgildaen. Thanks all! Move, she thought. Move. One foot in front of the other. Push the door open. Do it. Move. Katniss had been stood on the pavement, looking at the front door of The Aurelius Hypnotherapy Clinic for at least ten minutes, ignoring the impatient tuts from passers-by who jostled her on their way past. She had already tried to force herself to go inside the building earlier in the day. When she had been unable to move forward, she had turned on the spot and taken a forty-minute power walk. And now she had returned and found herself in the same predicament. She reached inside her handbag and withdrew a packet of cigarettes, cursing to herself as she placed yet another one between her lips. These bloody things were the reason she was here, considering hypnotherapy, in the first place. She'd taken up the habit after her darling sister Prim had been killed in the Jihadis attack on the London Underground. Katniss, along with countless other people desperate for news of their loved ones had congregated on the pavement outside Russell Square station. She had started talking to an older man, also waiting for news, and he had offered her a cigarette, as well as a pull on his bottle of whisky, to help with the nerves. At first she had refused, but he had convinced her that it would help keep her calm. The first pull of the cigarette had burned her lungs, causing her to cough and splutter, but had also made her giddy and light-headed. The man was right—it had helped with the nerves. She had seen the relief in his eyes when his wife had finally appeared amongst the crowds, tottering on ridiculously high heels, and collapsed in his arms. "Here, sweetheart," the man had said, handing her the remainder of the packet. "Keep the rest. I hope you find who you're looking for." She had smoked the rest of the damn things to keep herself occupied as she waited for the inevitable news. Her sister was dead. The worst news in the world, leading to the worst habit in the world. Addiction quickly took hold of her and when depression struck, she found herself chain smoking just to try and occupy her hands and mind. Prim had always encouraged Katniss to sing. It was Prim who had believed in Katniss' talent and it was entirely for Prim that Katniss had pursued her career, becoming the most popular cabaret singer in the famous Panem nightclub. She was a rich, independent woman now, living a life of luxury, but it destroyed her that Prim wasn't around to see it. And so Katniss punished herself by continuing to smoke, but the years of self-destructive behaviour were taking a toll on her voice. It was a friend of hers who had suggested hypnotherapy to give her the push to quit, and she had agreed just to shut him up. But if she was honest, the idea of someone messing around inside her head terrified her. Katniss finished her cigarette, throwing it to the ground, angrily driving it down with the ball of her shoe, before she looked up at the sign above the door once more: The Aurelius Hypnotherapy Clinic. "Hippy bullshit," she muttered to herself, as she smoothed out the creases in her perfectly tailored jacket, before making her mind up. This just wasn't her. She couldn't go through with it. "That may be so," said a voice at her side. "But I assure you, it works." The sudden invasion of her space made her start and she turned to her right. A young man around her own age was stood beside her. She quickly eyed him up and down, taking in the way his white t-shirt was stretched tight across broad shoulders; the utterly stunning and intricate artwork on the sleeve tattoo that covered his entire left arm; the tousled, messed-up blond curls; the unshaven jaw; and the silver gleam just below his bottom lip that hinted at a lip piercing. But most of all she became utterly fixated upon the clear cerulean eyes and the longest eyelashes she'd ever seen on a man. His sudden appearance by her side disarmed her. She'd never especially found the 'bad boy' look particularly appealing, but there was something about him that was... beautiful. And it annoyed the hell out of her that he'd been able to catch her so off-guard. "I'm sorry, what?" she snapped. He shrugged slightly before speaking again. "I'm just saying, hypnotherapy works. Or at least, it has been working for me. You looked nervous about going in, and you've been out here so long, I thought you might like some reassurance." "You've been watching me?" she spat, backing away from him ever so slightly. "Not exactly," he laughed. "But you were here, staring up at the sign, when I turned up for my appointment, and still here when I left," he said, shrugging once again. "Peeta," he added, almost like an after thought, as he stuck his hand out towards her. "Katniss," she said hesitantly, taking his hand in her own and shaking it once. She couldn't help but be taken aback by the incredible warmth from his hand. "So," he said, "are you going in? Believe me, if it can sort out all my phobias, it can cure anything." Katniss turned back to the front of the clinic. "I don't know," she answered, pulling out her packet of cigarettes once more and looking down at the little silver box in her hands. "These have been my crutch for so long, I don't know what I'll do without them." She quickly shook herself at her own honesty, and angrily tore one of the white sticks from the packet, placing it between her lips. She lit it and inhaled deeply, unable to look at the handsome man beside her. "I can understand that," said Peeta. "And you're an adult, you can make your own choices. But you know that you'll be so much better off if you can quit." He cowered slightly under the sudden glare that Katniss shot him. "You don't seem convinced," he chuckled. "I tell you what. Let me buy you a coffee, and I'll explain why there's nothing to be afraid of." "I don't drink coffee," said Katniss bluntly. "Hot chocolate, then." "I don't do chocolate either." "Beer? Wine?" "Or alcohol." "Would it help if I told you I'm just trying to be nice? I'm not asking you out on a date, or anything." Katniss couldn't help but raise an eyebrow at the guy, as that sounded like the worst pick-up line in history, but something in his demeanour made her believe him. "I genuinely don't drink any of those things," she said. "Why's that?" Peeta asked her. "Caffeine, chocolate, dairy, sugar, alcohol... they're the worst things in life for your voice. I'm a singer, you see..." she trailed off, aware of the hypocrisy of what she was saying. Peeta laughed out loud, and Katniss felt affronted for a moment. But he didn't appear to be mocking her; instead his laugh seemed warm, genuine, and supportive. "Worse than smoking?" he said, offering her a cheeky wink. "That's almost as good as a tattooist who develops a phobia of blood and needles." She looked at him questioningly, and he confirmed her unasked question with a self-deprecating nod, and before she knew it, Katniss was laughing along with him. "Fucking hell," she chuckled. "Those must be pretty much the worst things that a tattooist could be afraid of!" "Pretty much, yup," he agreed. Despite herself, Katniss began to be intrigued by the man beside her. "So, how does a fear like that develop?" Peeta smiled, and Katniss couldn't help but feel a rush of warmth. His smile was so sweet, so genuine, with just a touch of shyness. "That offer still stands," he said. "I'll buy you a drink and tell you everything. Erm... what do you drink?" "Fruit juice," Katniss replied, feeling herself grow pink in the cheeks. "Well, I know a great juice bar just around the corner. Give me just ten minutes, and I'll convince you. It's a great way to rid yourself of negativity. The 'worst things in life,' as you put it." He stuck out his arm in a gentlemanly manner, and waited for her to accept his invitation. She hesitated for just one moment, before she spotted something among the sleeve tattoo on Peeta's arm. Just on the inside of his wrist, a perfectly formed, small, yellow flower caught her eye. A primrose. Katniss quickly swallowed the lump that formed in her throat, and blinked away the sudden tears. It was as if her sister was giving her a sign. Returning her gaze to Peeta, Katniss quietly said, "Sure. I'll allow it," before interlinking her arm with his, and letting him lead the way. He grinned a lopsided smile and started to march down the street with a rather uneven gait, while Katniss easily stayed by his side, ducking and weaving amongst the crowds. Every now and again she would steal a glance at the man by her side. The part of her brain that distrusted strangers that had gone into overdrive since Prim's death screamed at her to be careful, but she quickly silenced it. She wasn't sure why, but she felt that she could trust Peeta implicitly. He certainly hadn't been lying when he'd said the bar was just around the corner. Within just a couple of minutes, Katniss found herself in the pristine bar, ordering an energy-blast juice for each of them. Peeta insisted on paying, and Katniss argued against him, eventually only allowing it when he agreed that she could buy the next round. She took a seat as he paid, and took the opportunity to scrutinise him once more. The tattoo covering his arm vanished under his taut, white t-shirt, and Katniss couldn't help but wonder how much of his body was covered with artwork. She could see the muscles in his back moving under his shirt and she had the sudden urge to run her hand over him. It had been a long time since she'd felt the touch of another person. Her eyes drifted lower, coming to rest on a perfectly pert backside, and that urge to run her hands over him intensified. She shifted her attention back to his tattoo. Just visible under the sleeve of his t-shirt was a perfect image of a night sky. The rich, deep navy blue lightened further down his arm, blending into a stunning sunset around the crook of his elbow. The rays from the golden sun spread out further down his forearm, which showed a lush, verdant meadow growing poppies, bluebells, dandelions, and daisies, as well as the beautiful primroses that had caught her eye. Peeta finished paying and returned to her side, setting the juice in front of her and taking a seat. "I was just thinking, this is probably quite weird for you." Katniss snorted as she accepted the drink. "You could say that." "Yeah. Strange man picks you up outside a therapy clinic and insists on talking to you about why it's a good idea. It's the sort of thing friends do. Not strangers." It was almost as if