A/N - Thanks as always to Court81981 for being the world's best beta, and for her endless patience :) December 16 th "Daddy, is it true Father Christmas isn't real?" Peeta's head snapped up from the holly leaves he was forming from fondant icing to gape at his five-year-old daughter. He exchanged a quick, worried glance with his wife, who was currently nursing Tobey, their infant son, and her face reflected his own panic. "Of course he's real, cupcake, whoever told you he wasn't?" he answered smoothly, hoping to hold his daughter's attention long enough for his wife to recover a cool exterior. "One of the boys at school said so." "Well," said Katniss in an authoritative tone, "I wouldn't be surprised if one of the boys at school is on the naughty list this year. He's probably jealous of anyone who is getting presents." "The naughty list?" asked young Freya. "Mmm-hmm," agreed Peeta. "If you've been naughty, Father Christmas doesn't bring you any presents. He has a big, long list with the names of every boy and girl in the world, and he only gives all the good boys and girls presents." "Oh." Freya seemed contented with this for a little while, and Peeta watched fondly as she decorated the plain biscuits in front of her with colourful lines of icing and edible glitter. "Daddy, am I on the naughty list?" "No, cupcake! Of course not! Whatever gave you that idea?" She looked embarrassed, and her little legs swung from the chair as she dipped her fingers into the bowl of icing. "I did something naughty." "What did you do?" "Yesterday when I asked for something from the sweetie tin, and you told me to ask mummy, I only pretended to ask." "Oh, really?" said Peeta, and once again he caught his wife's eye. She was biting on her lip and trying not to laugh, and when Freya turned around to look at her, Katniss tried to arrange her features to look stern. "Well, Freya," said Katniss, doing her best to maintain a straight face, "that really was very naughty of you. But, I think Father Christmas knows that you didn't mean it. And now that you've come clean, you're bound to be back on the nice list again." "Are you sure?" she asked, and she sounded so terrified that Peeta had to stop what he was doing. He picked his daughter up and swung her around before placing a kiss on her forehead. "I'm sure, cupcake. But if you like, I'll ask Father Christmas myself." "You know him?" "Sure do. We go waaaaaay back." "Thanks, Daddy," she replied, and she threw her arms around her father's neck, leaving traces of sticky, pink icing over the back of his hair. He placed her back down on her stool, and within seconds she began to decorate the plain biscuits once again. With one last look at his wife, he went back to shaping the fondant icing into perfect holly leaves. He was only five or six himself when his oldest brother had told him that Santa was a myth. In tears, he'd asked his mother if it was true, and she had said, "Well, you needed to find out one day." Childhood Christmases had never felt quite as magical since, and he was determined not to allow some little punk to likewise ruin it for his little girl. December 18 th The youngest Mellark child was sound asleep in his mother's arms, and the older of the two was beginning to yawn much more frequently. Their living room was a mess of large sheets of drawing paper spread out over the floor, colourful wax crayons and pencils, and in the middle of all the clutter, Peeta and his daughter. The two of them were playing a game, where one would start a drawing and the other would finish it. Freya was trying her hardest to avoid letting either of her parents know just how tired she was, and Peeta was far too involved in the game, so he hadn't noticed how sleepy she was becoming. "I think someone's definitely ready for bed," said Katniss, after Freya gave a particularly wide yawn. "No way, I'm wide awake," said Peeta, looking up at his wife. She raised an admonishing eyebrow at her husband, and he shrunk slightly under her stare. "Ok, ok. Come on, cupcake. Bedtime." "I'm not t-t-tired," she yawned. "You're not fooling anyone, Freya," laughed Katniss. "It's the weekend tomorrow. You can play again in the morning, ok? Get into bed, and I'll be up to read you a bedtime story." With only a minimal amount of protesting, Peeta managed to get his daughter upstairs and into her favourite pyjamas, while Katniss put Tobey to sleep in his cot. As Peeta tucked Freya in, Katniss came in carrying an old, dog-eared book of bedtime stories. Her mother and father had read to her from the same book when she was Freya's age, and her grandparents had read from it to her father, and she was exceptionally happy to be able to continue the tradition. Freya's favourite story was Hansel & Gretel and as per usual, that was what she insisted Katniss read to her. By the time the wicked witch was stoking the fire, Freya was fighting to keep her eyes open. Katniss reverently closed the story book, and leant over her daughter, gently kissing her brow. Freya stirred slightly but didn't respond. Peeta did the same, and Freya blearily opened her eyes. "Daddy?" she asked, fighting against the sleep that was taking her. "Yes, cupcake?" he whispered. "Today, Michael said again that Father Christmas isn't real." He felt a stab to his stomach. If this boy kept behaving this way, he'd be seeking out and having very stern words with his parents. "Well," said Peeta, fighting to keep the anger from his voice, "Michael doesn't know what he's talking about." "He said his brother told him so, and his brother's in big school." Another older brother ruining Christmas for everyone? He took a deep, calming breath before speaking. "Well, a long time ago, I was at big school. Then I went to bigger school. And then I went to even bigger school. So, I think I can pride myself on knowing a little bit more than Michael or his brother, ok, cupcake?" "It's ok, if he's not r-r-real, daddy. I love you." "Love you, too," Peeta replied, his heart breaking at his daughter's words. "Love you times a million." "Love you times a million plus one." "Love you times a million plus two," she said, slowly and quietly, as sleep took her once more. "Wow," whispered Peeta to her sleeping form. "That's a lot." He kissed Freya good night, pulled the duvet up under her chin, and left her to sleep. Once out of her room, he pulled her bedroom door shut with a sigh and leant back against the frame. He adored his little girl and didn't want to see her growing up so soon. There had to be something he could do to make sure she continued to believe in magic…. "Come on," said Katniss, taking him by the hand and leading him downstairs. After checking that the baby monitors were working, the two of them curled up together on their sofa. "She'll have a good Christmas, no matter what, Peeta," said Katniss, once the two of them were comfortable. "That's not the point," he replied. "That little shit shouldn't be spoiling it for everyone." Katniss sat up a little straighter. "I hope you're not thinking about taking it upon yourself to have words with this little boy." "No," he said, quelling under the stare his wife gave him. "No, of course not." "Peeta," she said, her tone much softer, "I know you want her to stay your little cupcake forever. But kids grow up. We always promised each we wouldn't stop them growing up at their own pace." "She's five, Katniss. Five. She's not grown up. I won't apologise for wanting her to stay innocent." His fingers were idly drawing small circles over the curve of his wife's waistline, and she melted further into his embrace. "How about we take her to meet him, maybe?" she suggested. "Panem Sanctuary has a grotto set up. We could go on Sunday, make a day out of it." "Sure thing," he replied, placing a kiss on the top of his wife's head. They had nothing to lose taking her there, after all. 20 th December Freya Mellark adored going to Panem Sanctuary. She especially loved meeting the horses, stroking their soft, velvety snouts, and gave a squeal of delight as Katniss showed her how to feed them, and they took the proffered treats from her tiny, flattened palm. Once they had met and made friends with every last animal, and Freya had asked Peeta and Katniss if they could take each of them home, they began to queue up for the log-cabin grotto. Tobey had spent most of the day asleep in his push-chair, but woke up and was utterly fascinated by two girls dressed as elves who were doing close-up magic and making balloon models for the kids in line. One of the elves approached the Mellarks, asked Freya's and Tobey's names, and at her request, began to make a penguin balloon model. When the elf asked Freya if she was excited to meet Father Christmas, Peeta and Katniss wanted the ground to open up underneath them, as Freya responded loudly, "No, because he's not real." "Yes, he is, cupcake," said Peeta, smiling apologetically at the scores of parents who looked ready to lynch the young family. "We'll see." Once inside, Freya was, at first, overcome with shyness. The man dressed as Father Christmas sat next to a large, open fire, resting his gloved hands on his enormous belly. Three decorated trees, each with a pile of presents underneath completed the picture. Peeta had to admit, this was probably the best Father Christmas he'd seen. If he wasn't able to convince Freya, there wouldn't be much else that could. Freya clutched tightly to her mother's hand as she eyed the man warily. However, it didn't take too much encouragement from her parents, before she walked up to the kindly-looking man, who asked her what she wanted for Christmas. "A pony," replied Freya. "But I know I won't get one." An odd, eerie silence fell over the log-cabin, as if everyone in the world collectively held their breath The silence was filled for a moment with the sound of sleigh bells, before standard sound came back to the world. "Well, have you been a good girl this year?" "Yes," she replied. "Then you never know what might turn up on Christmas morning." Freya rolled her eyes, "But mummy and daddy aren't going to get me a pony, and you're not the real Father Christmas." "Whatever makes you think that, Freya?" A frown knitted Peeta's brow. How did he know her name? His confusion must have shown on his face, because Katniss leant in towards him and whispered, "The elves must let him know. Nice touch. Had me going for a moment." Freya had been contemplating the question before she answered, "Because, if you were the real Father Christmas you'd be in the North Pole, making presents." The man in the costume winked and tapped the side of his nose. "I have magic on my side," he whispered conspiratorially. He reached down beside him and handed Freya a small, wrapped gift. "This isn't your main present," he said to her. "You'll get that on Christmas Day. But I hope you like this too." "What do you say, Freya?" said Katniss, as her daughter took the present. "Thank you." "You're very welcome. And I think I might just have a little something special for young Tobey, too. Will you help him open it, Freya?" Freya nodded, but remained silent as she