A/N - Merry Christmas everyone! Here's a piece of pure fluff that I wrote for the fantastic promptsinpanem Holiday Challenge on tumblr. If you haven't looked at the collection, go check it out, because there are some truly wonderful pieces of artwork and stories. Thanks to Court18981 for her fantastic beta work, and thank you to Baronesskika and Lifeloveanddance for pre-reading. Please do leave a review, and come and say hi on tumblr! "How long's it gonna take now, Daddy?" "It won't be long, Toby, I promise." Peeta rested his hand on the top of his son's head, absentmindedly playing with the bobble on his knitted hat. There were only two children in front of them in the queue line now, but waiting to meet Father Christmas in his grotto had already taken up well over an hour of their day, and Toby was starting to get cranky. Even the balloon penguin that one of the costumed elves had made him was beginning to lose its appeal. Still, Panem Mall boasted one of the best grottos that Peeta had ever seen, even if it had been built beside the gaudy, loud, temporary ice rink that had caught his son's eye on the way in to the mall. Toby had begged Peeta to allow him to have a go, and Peeta's heart had sunk. It just seemed far too dangerous for a six-year-old boy. He watched the skaters on the rink for a minute or two, and one of the young children slipped, her wailing cries ringing out just seconds later. "I don't think so, pickle. Maybe when you're a little older, ok?" To ease his son's disappointment he had bought him tickets to meet Father Christmas instead, and so far he was impressed with what Panem Mall had created. Huge, decorated pine trees had been brought in to give the specially-built log cabin the impression of being in a magical wood, and several girls dressed as elves were wandering up and down the queue line, performing magic tricks, making balloon models, and talking and singing to all the children. Peeta sighed deeply. This would be their fourth Christmas since Delly had died, leaving him as a single parent, and she would have absolutely loved everything about this. Christmas was easily her favourite time of year, and her love of it had only grown since having Toby. But a drunk driver put a sudden end to her life as she was leaving work late one night. He quickly blinked back the tears that suddenly threatened to spill as they moved one place further down the queue line. "Nearly there, pickle," he said, pretending to cough as his words caught in his throat. He didn't want his young son to see him getting upset. "Are you excited?" "Yeah!" said Toby. "D'you think he'll remember me from last year?" "Maybe," said Peeta. "You might have to remind him, though. He does meet a lot of boys and girls, don't forget." "Yeah, but he's Father Christmas, Daddy," said Toby with exaggerated patience. "I know, pickle. I know. What are you going to ask him for?" Toby rolled his eyes at his father. "I can't tell you." "Why not?" "Because I can't," said Toby. "Ok, it's a secret, I understand," said Peeta. For some reason, Toby had been refusing to tell Peeta what he wanted for Christmas that year. He'd just have to 'accidentally' overhear when Toby got to meet Father Christmas. Finally the door opened, and a voice as sweet as honey said, "This way please." They walked through the door and were in a small, cozy room, with a large Christmas tree in one corner and a huge rocking chair in another. Presents were piled high around the tree and stockings were hung from every wall. But there was no Father Christmas in here. No one apart from them, and the elf who had ushered them inside. Peeta looked up to see the elf, and his breath was taken away. She was absolutely gorgeous. Her thick, black hair was tied in a single braid, and underneath all the glitter, fake rosy cheeks, and drawn-on freckles, her olive skin was clear and smooth. Her grey eyes shone with kindness and her smile was wide and genuine. The elf crouched down so that she was face to face with Toby, and put her hand out towards him. "Hello!" she said. "My name is Dandelion, and I work for Father Christmas. Have you been a good boy this year?" "I have!" said Toby. "Are you sure?" said the elf. She reached into a pocket and withdrew a sparkling, glittery notepad. "I have a list here of all the good boys and girls, so I just need to check you're on it before you meet Father Christmas. What's your name?" "Toby," he answered, grinning widely. "Toby Mellark." "Toby?" she repeated, as she opened the notepad, then she gasped. "I thought I recognised your name! You've been very good, haven't you?" Toby nodded enthusiastically, and Peeta couldn't help but beam along with his son. He wanted to record this moment, and pulled out his phone, taking several snaps of Toby grinning next to the elf. "Well, are you looking forward to meeting Father Christmas?" she asked. "Uh-huh," nodded Toby. "And do you know what you're going to ask him for?" Peeta's ears pricked up, and he could not help but feel slightly crushed when Toby replied, "I can't tell you. I can only tell Father Christmas. It's a secret." "That's ok," said the elf. "I understand. Hey, have you heard of my friend, Rudolph?" "Yeah," said Toby. "He's a reindeer!" "That's right," said the elf. "And I know a song all about him. Would you like to hear it?" Toby nodded and grinned, and the elf began to sing. Peeta was completely dumbstruck. Somehow she managed to make the silly children's song sound utterly beautiful. Even Toby fell completely silent as she sang, and Peeta felt a sagging disappointment when she drew the song to a close. He longed to hear more from her, to know more about her, even just to know her real name... Suddenly the faint sound of sleigh bells could be heard around the room, and her face lit up in a huge smile. "Father Christmas is ready to meet you! This way!" She opened a door, and beyond, at the end of the long room, Peeta could see Father Christmas sat in a similar rocking chair. But Toby seemed hesitant. "Wait," he said, looking panicked. "Daddy can't come in." "It's ok, Toby," said Peeta, trying to hide how hurt he felt at his son's rejection, "I'll come in, but I'll just wait to the side. I promise I won't get in your way." "No!" said Toby. "You mustn't! I've got to meet him on my own!" Peeta looked up the elf in desperation. "It's ok," she said soothingly. "Daddy can meet you afterwards." Peeta tried to protest as Toby walked down the hall to meet Father Christmas, but as soon as the door closed, the elf pulled out a walkie-talkie from her pocket and spoke into it. "The boy's name is Toby," she said. "He's coming in alone." She put the walkie-talkie away, then turned to Peeta. "It's ok. It's not that unusual for them to want to meet him on their own." She opened a second side door that led straight back outside and said, "He'll exit just out there; he'll just be a couple of minutes." "Thank you," said Peeta, hovering by the door. He didn't feel quite ready to walk away from her just yet. "You're welcome," she smiled, indicating the door once again. "I mean it," he continued. "This whole experience… it was really… special." "That's what we're here for," she said, holding the door open a little wider. "I think you might have made his Christmas." He smiled shyly and added, "You might even have made mine." "Ok," she said, looking a little confused. "But I've really got to get the next kids in so…" "Oh, god, I'm sorry," stammered Peeta, heading outside. "Thank you again." "You're welcome," she repeated. "And Merry Christmas." "Merry Christmas to you, too," he said, as the door closed. Back outside in the brisk, wintery air, Peeta felt like a fool. Had it really been so long since he'd received any female attention that he'd try to catch the eye of a Christmas elf while she was working? She'd probably tell all her friends about the strange man who tried to chat her up, and they'd laugh about him in the pub once her shift ended. And to top it all off, he still wasn't any closer to finding out what his son wanted for Christmas. "Stupid fucking idiot," he muttered to himself under his breath. It hadn't been easy, raising their son alone, and goddamit, Toby deserved a perfect Christmas. How was he supposed to give it to him if he couldn't even work out what his son truly wanted? A few minutes later Toby emerged from the grotto, a happy smile on his face and a small, wrapped gift in his hands. "Daddy, I met Father Christmas, and he knew me! He remembered my name!" Peeta smiled at his son's innocence. "That's great, pickle. Tell me all about it." He picked his son up, and lifted him above his shoulders, trying hard not to think about how 'Father Christmas' would more than likely fail to deliver his son's chosen present that year. It was just over three weeks until Christmas, and at some point over the night, Toby had been plagued with a nightmare and had crawled into bed beside Peeta. With his father's arms wrapped around him, he had soon fallen back into a deep, restful sleep. But when Peeta was awoken by the sound of squealing, he assumed that Toby's nightmare had returned. "S'ok, pickle," he said sleepily. "S'not real, ok?" "It is though, Daddy, look!" In a state of confusion, Peeta blinked the sleep out of his eyes and forced himself to sit up. Toby opened the curtains, and Peeta felt blinded by the bright white light that invaded his bedroom. Everything was covered in a thick blanket of fluffy, pristine white snow. His son's excitement was infectious, and he couldn't help but beam. "Can we go out and play today?" Peeta's smile grew even wider. This was the first day since visiting the grotto that Toby had expressed an interest in anything other than going back to visit 'Dandelion.' He had obsessively tried to draw her from the photographs on Peeta's phone and had asked most days if she would come to their house with Father Christmas. And while Peeta had been undeniably intrigued by the girl, Toby's fixation on her was not helping him forget her incredible beauty. "Absolutely," answered Peeta. "We can go and build a snowman, if you like?" Toby thought for a moment, then answered with a definitive, "Yes. And a snowdog too." After breakfast he dressed Toby with care, making sure he was well wrapped up against the cold, then Peeta took his son's small hand in his own and together they walked to the nearby park. There were already plenty of other families building their own snowmen, and groups of teenagers having snowball fights, and it took a little while to find a decent spot for them. Toby took charge, instructing Peeta exactly how he wanted the snowman to be built, and Peeta was happy to oblige. But it soon became apparent that as much fun as the two of them were having together, building anything out of the powdery snow was next to impossible. They weren't so much building a snow man as creating a vague snow-mound. Peeta had to hold his laughter in when Toby insisted Peeta stick two twigs into the side of the growing snow pile, in the hope that it would make it more human-shaped. A