A/N - Another oneshot from the Sabotaged Heart AU, written for Prompts in Panem 's Seven Deadly Sins Challenge. This is for day three - Gluttony. I love those guys so much and just can't leave them alone. This works entirely as a stand alone, but if you want any extra background on their characters then check out the main story too. Massive kudos go to Court81981 for help with the title and for encouragement! It was Finnick's thirtieth birthday and he had decided he wanted to relive his student days by finding a club that played the cheesiest eighties and nineties rock anthems around, while offering the cheapest pints available. After getting ready at his cottage, Katniss and Peeta took a taxi in to town to meet Finn and his mates in a pub for pre-clubbing drinks. Finnick had chosen The Spread Eagle; the seediest dive of a pub he could find. Monday was student night and between 7pm and 9pm pints were on offer for just two pounds each. He was already half way through a pint when Peeta and Katniss arrived. "Bloody hell, Finn, couldn't you have found somewhere better than this dump?" said Peeta as they walked in, and Katniss couldn't help but agree, pulling a disgusted face as with each step her shoes clung to the sticky floor. "Probably," Finn agreed, "But this place has character." "You're right there. As far as character goes I'd say this place is a toss- up between Hannibal Lector and The Child-Catcher." "Shut up and get a drink in you." "Alright, old man," responded Peeta with a wink. "Enough of the 'old man' bollocks, I'm still young," said Finnick, finishing the remainder of his pint. "Yeah, yeah," said Peeta as he walked towards the bar. "What are you having?" "Aspall's, cheers mate." Peeta inhaled sharply. "In that case you might want to slow it down. At your age that stuff'll knock you for six." "I can still drink you under the table, pipsqueak." "Sure. You talk big but-" "First one to drop makes breakfast in bed for the other tomorrow." Katniss stepped in, sensing that the male bravado and stupidity could otherwise get out of hand. "You two are not seriously thinking of having some kind of drinking contest?" "No," Peeta replied, while at the same time Finnick said, "Nope. I'm gonna drink and Peet's gonna make me breakfast tomorrow. No contest." Peeta paused for just a moment before answering. "You're on. It'll be nice to have you cook for me for once." Katniss shook her head. "Just be warned that neither me nor Annie are following you to hospital when you have to have your stomachs pumped, ok?" "Ahhh, lighten up, Katniss. It's a celebration. Look, Peet, I'll go easy on you. I'm already a pint ahead and I'm not even going to insist you catch up. I'll still win." "No, I'll catch up. It's only fair. I don't want you thinking I only won 'cause I had less." Katniss watched as Peeta went to the bar, ordering a round for everyone and shaking her head in mock despair when he returned with two pints for himself. "May the best man win," he said raising his glass to Finnick and downing the drink in one. "Oh don't worry," he replied, a devilish smile across his face. "I intend to." Annie sidled up next to Katniss and spoke in a conspiratorial whisper. "I hope you're ready to have your night ruined. This can only end messily." After two pints each, Finnick insisted everyone did a round of tequila shots. He lined up eleven at the bar, one for everyone who had come along. Two of his work mates refused them as they were both driving. "Well, you know what that means, Peet?" he said, handing one of the spares to Peeta while he poured a little salt on the back of his hand. "Fine," he replied, taking the shot, salt and a wedge of lemon from his friend. "But no more tequila after this. It tastes like the devil's arsehole." "Is that something you're an expert on?" he smirked. "Ready? Three, two, one…" The pair of them necked their shots, both men shuddering slightly as the alcohol ran rampant through their veins. Shaking away the ice cold sensation, Finnick looked at his watch and said, "Right. Well I think we'll have one more in here, then move elsewhere before we got to The Hob. " "The Hob?" Katniss asked. "The club we're going to," Peeta replied, his words already starting to slur a little. "You think it's a dive in here, you just wait til you see that place." "It'll be great," interjected Finnick. "Just like being a teenager again." "You mean we'll be surrounded by teenagers. I guarantee we'll be the oldest ones in there. " "Oh, shut it, you grumpy sod," chuckled Finnick, throwing his arm across Peeta's shoulders and wobbling unsteadily as he did so. "Take me to the bar." Katniss watched as the pair of them raucously walked back to the bar, holding each other up, before Finnick caught the attention of the barman. Annie wandered over to Katniss, keeping an eye on the two men as she spoke. "Are you ready for this?" "I don't know that I am, to be honest." "It's been quite a while. I mean, the four of us all used to go out quite a lot before…." her voice drifted off for a moment and Katniss noticed her face darken slightly as the memories came back to her. "Before Peeta's accident." Katniss knew she had been about to mention Peeta's ex-fiancée, who had abandoned him after his amputation. It didn't bother her hearing about his past before they met. Instead she hated the fact that someone had hurt him so deeply. "And then after he couldn't drink without getting depressed. At least now he's back to being a happy drunk. Whatever happens, it'll be amusing at least." A few minutes later Peeta returned to her, a fresh pint in hand. He grinned as he lifted the ice cold drink to his lips, taking a large swig and placing a rather wet and sloppy kiss on her cheek. "Love you," he said, placing his glass heavily on a nearby table, spilling a little over the edge as he did so before turning to look at her. Katniss could help but smile as his eyes roamed appreciatively over her body. "God, your tits look good in that top." "Thanks," she replied, chuckling at his earthy nature. "And your arse looks pretty fine in those jeans." "Bet you can't wait to get me home and get me out of them." Raising an eyebrow at his insinuation, she smiled and said, "Damn straight. So you better make sure you're still capable by the time we get home." "I will be!" he protested. "I can handle it!" He reached for his pint, accidentally knocking it and spilling a little more in the process. "Ooops. Don't tell Finn." And so their night progressed, with Peeta and Finnick becoming louder and losing motor skills with each passing moment. After leaving The Spread Eagle they found themselves in a Wetherspoons, where Katniss was able to persuade Peeta and Finnick to counteract some of their stupidity by ordering a bowl of chips and onion rings each. Her plan worked and they seemed to sober up briefly before they realised that cocktails were on offer. The jug of margarita they shared lasted a depressingly short amount of time, and once finished the two men were back to annoying all the other pub goers with their overtly loud telling of lewd jokes and raucous laughter. They left Wetherspoons to head to The Hob, stopping off in one final pub for another round of shots. As requested by Peeta, and much to Finnick's chagrin, they decided to forgo the tequila in favour of two lots of double Sambuca, after which they were both utterly legless. "Do you think we should get them home?" Katniss asked Annie, watching as the two of them stumbled outside in to the cool night air, leading the group towards their final destination. "You suggest it and see what happens," she replied. "Anyway, I've seen them worse than this. Not for a long time, admittedly, but still…" "I can't believe how sober I feel." "Yup. That tends to happen when you have to look after someone." "Where's my woman?" Finnick called out, causing Annie to roll her eyes with a patient smile. "I'm here, baby." He lurched over towards her, placed an arm around her waist and said in a deliberate voice. "You gotta look sober else they won' lets in." "Ok, baby, I'll do my best." "Knew y'would." Katniss noticed Peeta wobbling dangerously without Finnick there to lean up against and made her way over to him. When she came in to his view his face lit up like a child's on Christmas morning. "Katniss!" he beamed at her. "I missed you!" "I've been here the whole time," she chuckled. "Yeah, but I still missed you." "You having fun?" He nodded vigorously, the sudden movement almost over balancing him. Throwing his arms out to her, she grabbed hold of him to keep him upright. "Love you," he grinned with eyes half closed. "Yeah?" "Yeah. This much." He stretched his arms out to either side as wide as they would go. She melted at his drunken honesty. "Really? Well, I love you too." "How much?" "Can you remember how much you love me?" A look of concentration passed over his face for a moment before he stretched his arms out wide again. "Well, I love you that much times two." He fell in to her arms, and Katniss trembled a little under his weight as he pulled her in to him. "Lessgo!" Finnick's loud voice broke through their reverie. "I wanna drink and I wanna dance!" It turned out that by the time they got in to The Hob, neither of them were particularly capable of dancing. Once inside the pair of them headed straight towards the nearest bar and Katniss soon lost count of how much they consumed. "Honestly," said Annie, as Katniss watched them with deep concern in her eyes, "From experience it's best to leave them to it. We'll try and have a good night, and by the end of it they'll still be there, propping up the bar. I guarantee it." She was not wrong. After dancing the night away reliving their youths (and trying to ignore the fact that, as Peeta predicted, they did appear to be the oldest people in the club) at about one in the morning, Annie and Katniss returned to find Peeta and Finnick holding each other upright laughing their heads off at nothing in particular. "How much have you had?" asked Annie. "No'enough," Finnick grinned at her. "We gonna go 'n' 'ave some more at Peet's." "Oh, really?" "Yeah," agreed Peeta. "Lessget a taxi 'n' keep drinkin'" Embarrassingly enough, after hailing a cab the girls had to promise their taxi driver that neither of the boys would be sick en route. Annie sat up front, while Katniss braved it by sitting in the middle seat between the two men, who kept bursting in to laughter at some unknown joke before holding their fingers to their lips and shushing each other. When they finally arrived back at Peeta's cottage, Finnick opened his door and immediately fell to the ground, laughing as he crawled to prop himself up against a nearby elm tree. Peeta howled with laughter at him as he tried to help Finnick to his feet, but ended up on the ground next to him. Annie and Katniss settled up with the taxi driver and gave him a very generous tip for putting up with their behaviour. It took a while to get the pair of them stood up again. It was a delicate balancing act as