Summary; It's been eighteen years since Annabeth Chase has talked to or heard from Percy Jackson so when she is given a new mission in New York she thinks nothing of it. What happens when her next assignment brings her to his doorstep? Set after TLO, and HOO never happened. Percy and Annabeth didn't leave on good terms shorty after their underwater kiss. Why do the fates hate me , has been the only question in my head for the last three days. It all started when my boss called me into his office. I've been working for the Central Intelligence Agency for almost seventeen years after my marriage crumbled and I quit my dream job of being an Architect. When I found out that my husband had used me for money I knew I couldn't keep doing what I had been because I'd always be reminded of him and how I didn't realize what he had done until it was too late. With that in mind, I packed up my stuff and flew myself and my infant daughter, at the time, up to Washington D.C. to begin a new chapter of my life. When I initially entered the CIA it was for military operation planning but after training I was recruited into field operations, though I rarely leave the country because I have a fifteen year old daughter. My boss is not a laid back guy, he is straight to the chase and does not appreciate jokes no matter what the circumstances, nor does he appreciate when one of his operatives turns down a mission. The file he gave me for my mission gave me details on a gang of teenagers and younger adults based in New York but had strings that tied them to a similar gang in Los Angeles. My mission is to find out who their supplier is, what they are planning, who their leader and to neutralize them, and the only information given to me is a street address in Manhattan. If my boss thinks this address is enough to go on then I'll just have to suck it up and find out who lives there and what their ties are to these gangs. Sitting back down at my desk, I opened our agency search engine and typed in the address that was in the file. The house that pops up is a modest looking two story house on the outskirts of the city but there is nothing special about it. When I try to find out who owns the house all I get is a box that says there is no known owner of the house; which is definitely strange. By the time I'm ready to leave for the day, I've made a list of what needs to happen next; tell Sam that we're moving to New York because of my job, buy a house in Manhattan, find out who owns the house and how they're connected to this gang, infiltrate the gang, and finally, neutralize them. Ever since Sam turned twelve and could stay home alone, she continued coming along with me for my missions even though she doesn't know what I do; she thinks I'm still an architect, like I was before we moved here, because I'd rather have her close to me when I'm on a mission where I'm an hour away compared to a plane ride away where anything could happen. Also, for this mission I need to infiltrate the gang, I'm going to need to be there for a significant period of time which means I'll need a house in Manhattan. Normally when I get home Sam is in her room reading or doing homework which is why I'm surprised when I spot her long blond hair hanging off the side of the couch. I move closer to see she's lying down on the couch, watching a teen drama show. Like her grandmother –Athena– and I, Sam is very bright and smart which generally means she doesn't watch cliché shows about high school. "Sam, honey, we're moving," I start the conversation with. "Why?" is her only response, her eyes still glued to the TV. Then, after a second, she turns and looks at me with her grey eyes. "I thought you said that we wouldn't have to move again for a while because we just got back from France. Is this like a for real move or are we moving somewhere for a couple of months and then coming back to this house?" "I know what I said a couple of months ago but work is work and they want me in New York by Tuesday," it's not a completely lie because I didn't think I'd get another mission this quickly after the one I did in Paris for the past year. "I don't know how long this will take but it should be at least a couple of months; if it's longer than that you can come back here to live with one of your friends." "Okay, what do I need to bring?" She asks. "Is it just my clothes and anything I need or want, like my books?" "Same as always, whatever you want, Sam," I responded. "Do you want to go to school there because you'd only be there for a month and a half before summer break starts? You can just hang around and see the sites if you want. Plus we might not even be in New York come September." "As much as any other teenager would like that offer of no school, I want to go to school in New York so I won't feel so lonely and bored because when we go away for your job, you're always busy." "Let me know if you change your mind," I tell her as I walked out of the room and into my bedroom to find a house in New York. The one I decide on is a nice two story, three bedroom house that is on the outskirts of the city. The house has a spacious living room and a basement that is fully finished which is a plus since I'm not paying for the house; pro of the job. It's down the road of the address I was given by my boss. There is a local high school around the corner from it which will make it easy for Sam to get to and from school without me. After I finish getting all the details for the flight, Sam's new school, and the house finished, I start packing. Generally I only bring my clothes and equipment on missions but since this mission doesn't have a lot to go on, I have absolutely no idea how long we'll be in New York for or how deep my cover needs to be. X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X~X By the time Monday rolls around, both Sam and I are packed and ready to leave for New York. She knows as well as I do that questioning others motives is pointless, if you already know that they won't tell you anything, so the ride to the airport is silent, as well as the plane ride. The plane ride was uneventful and the food; flavorless so we both kept to our own. When we touched down in New York and had our luggage, we hailed a taxi and sat in more silence for the next forty minutes. Silence is nothing new to me considering that my real job is a secret, and we both love reading and drawing which don't involve other people or talking. Also Sam is still a bit resentful that I didn't tell her who her father was until she was thirteen, especially because he is currently the star of popular science show on TV. What she also doesn't know is that her grandmother is Athena, the goddess of wisdom which is why I'm worried to be back in New York, so close to Camp Half-blood. I can immediately tell that she likes the house because when we pull up, her face is practically glued to the window in amazement; what can I say, I have to keep my cover as an architect. I knew she'd like it because it was one of the first houses I designed back when I was with her dad, and it just happened to be for sale when I was looking to buy. "Do you like it?" I ask, already knowing the answer. "Yeah, it's beautiful," she whispers. "How many bedrooms?" "Three, you get first pick like normal." "Yes!" I pay the taxi-man and we get our luggage out of the trunk and bring it into the house. The CIA really did a good job furnishing the house. By the time I make it upstairs; I can hear Sam unpacking her stuff in what was supposed to be the guest room when I designed it, though I have to admit, it is the biggest room. When I finish unpacking I walked to Sam's room, only to find her passed out on her new bed. She looks so at peace with her new room, it's almost like she can sense that she's close to safety and that this house was designed for her to grow up in. It looks as though she only got about halfway through putting her books on her new bookshelf when she fell asleep because her suitcase is still zipped and her carry-on is lying on her desk, also unopened. The rest of her stuff is being brought from Washington by the weekend, as will mine because we couldn't fly everything here. I turn off her light and leave her there to sleep. She does this every time we move somewhere and I have gotten in the habit of ordering in food for when she wakes up, in case she wakes up while I'm out and freaks out or gets scared. Her comfort foods are spicy chicken pizza and blue corn chip nachos. They oddly go pretty well together in one meal. I go back to my room and sit on the bed while fetching my laptop out of my carry-on. The light weight, slim grey laptop is –sadly– probably one of the closest things I have to a friend because my job keeps me away and very busy most of the time. I do get the major holidays off but those are generally spent doing something that Sam wants to do because she sacrifices so much to stay with me even though she knows she has other options. I open the internet browser and search for delivery places that do pizza and nachos. I find three who will delivery out here but only one offers both spicy chicken pizza and blue nachos. I pull out my cell and dial the number given for orders and am greeted by an oddly familiar sounding male. I give him my order and he tells me that it'll be about forty minutes for it to get here because of the distance. While I wait for the food to be delivered, I busy myself with looking around the kitchen to get a better sense of where everything is. Once I've grasped enough sense of placement in the kitchen, I move to look around the house. I know that I designed it but that was years ago and I abandoned my dream of living here when I got divorced; now I'm back and don't regret choosing this house at all. Most of the rooms have been set up as I had originally intended them to be; the office was an office only not some weird guest room/office mixed that some people have, the smaller storage room is stocked with food and kitchen appliances that don't fit into the cupboards, and my favourite room would have to be the larger storage room that was design as a weapons training room and my training equipment is placed neatly around the room with a large punching bag in