This story was born of the idea that it was HIGHLY unrealistic that Bella and Edward's relationship could ever go from only kissing to sex, with no transition, without killing her. Plus, it was really boring lol! So I decided to spice things up a little bit! And then a 'practice fic' turned into a full blown story with it's own diabolical plotline and everything. This story was originally posted on Twilighted but I have been fighting the urge to post here as well, so I finally gave in! I have set up a forum for those with questions, or just flick me through a review if the spirit moves you. I hope you enjoy the journey! SM own's all. I just play. Bella's POV As I pulled my truck into the drive, I immediately noticed the lack of the police cruiser. Charlie must still be over at Billy's. I looked out the window at the dimming sky and frowned slightly. There was still too much sunlight for Edward to chance a visit just yet. I sighed as I climbed out of my truck and trudged up the steps into the empty house. Oh well, at least I can have a long shower without having to worry about holding up the bathroom for too long. I clumped up the stairs, pulling my shirt off as I went. I knew it wasn't likely that I had sweated too much while I was working at Newton's shop, but my clothes always smelled a bit funky whenever I came home from there. Like nylon and leather, but not in a pleasant way. I wrinkled my nose as I discarded the shirt in the corner of my bedroom. As I grabbed my toiletry bag off my nightstand something in the middle of my bed caught my eye. It was a package, wrapped in ordinary brown paper, with a small handwritten note attached. I opened the note and smiled. Dearest sister-to-be, I foresaw that this might bring you some entertainment, as well as some much needed inspiration. Enjoy! Love, Alice I quickly tore open the wrapping and gasped as I found myself staring at a half naked man passionately embracing some damsel in distress. It was entitled "For His Love", by an author I was unfamiliar with. I snickered and shook my head as I turned it over to read the synopsis on the back. I only got two or three lines in when I figured out what may have led Alice to believe I would be interested in this particular story. The man on the cover was a tortured musician who constantly fought his lust for the woman he loved, as she threw herself at him at every turn. Oh yeah, and his name was Edward. I snorted and threw the book back onto my bed. I couldn't for the life of me figure out why Alice would give me some trashy romance novel. I never had gotten into books like that, even though Renee had them scattered all over the house while I was growing up. I preferred the classics over everything else, but I was desperately in need of some new reading material. Oh, just give it a shot. When has the little pixie ever steered you wrong? I giggled again as I finished undressing and padded off to the shower. The hot water helped relax away the tension I always felt whenever I was left alone for too long. Today had been one of those miserable sunny days that Forks sees so infrequently. The only blessing had been the blissful reprieve I had been given from wedding planning. Alice may be my best friend and soul sister at heart, but she was driving me up the wall with all the minute details she insistently focused on. I sighed heavily as the water cascaded through my hair and down my back. No such luck tomorrow. The forecast called for rain for the rest of the week. At least I would get to see Edward. I felt my face break into a smile and butterflies assault my stomach, a reaction I often had whenever I thought of my beautiful angel-man. I closed my eyes and pictured his face smiling at me, his hands gently stroking my cheek, his lips pressed softly to my own. As my fantasy started to turn less innocent I felt a heat start burning in my lower belly. He kissed me harder, more passionately than usual. His fingertips grazed down my shoulders and lightly traced my collarbones. I wound my fingers in his hair, securing his lips to mine as I kissed him back fiercely. His hands continued tracing slowly down the sides of my breasts and over my ribs where they came to rest on my hips. He grasped me firmly then, lifting me up off the ground so I could wrap my legs around his waist and press my body into his… "Gah!" I jumped as the water from the shower suddenly became unbearably cold, pelting my skin with ice-like shards of water. I nearly tripped on my way out of the shower and had to grab hold of the towel rail to keep from doing a nose dive on the bathroom floor. "You are so graceful, Bella," I chided myself as I wrapped one towel around my hair and another around my chilled body. So much for the relaxing effects of the shower . Between the onslaught of freezing water and my overactive imagination I was breathless and slightly wired. I scurried back into my room and rifled through my drawers to find my comfy sweats and a fitted tank. When I pulled my top drawer open I frowned slightly. It hadn't really mattered to me that I owned no matching sets of under ware before, but now that Edward and I were getting married, and we were going to try… Hmmm, maybe it's time for a little shopping trip with Alice. As soon as the thought flitted through my brain my new cell phone start ringing. Edward and Alice had both insisted on the infernal contraption, both stating how important it was to be able to get a hold of me without going through other channels (a.k.a. Charlie or work). For Edward, I knew it gave him comfort to have that constant means of connection to me, and in all honesty I shared that comfort. But for Alice, I knew it was just another way to keep me close for more wedding related things that I was sure could wait and she was sure couldn't. "Yes, Alice?" I answered on the second ring, not even bothering to check the caller I.D. Her tinkling laugh greeted me on the other end. "Hi, Bella! And they think I am the only psychic around here," she giggled. "I knew it would be you because of what I had started planning," I explained as a small smile pulled at my lips. Alice could be annoying at times, but I loved her more than anything and I wouldn't trade her for the world. Next to Edward, no one knew me better or understood me more than she did. "I'm so exited! I was thinking of taking you after your bachelorette party, but this is so much better!" Alice could barely contain her excitement, and I swear I could hear her clapping. "Alice, I don't need a party…" I tried to argue with her, but she expertly cut me off. "Now Bella, remember we've already talked about this. It's part of the tradition for all the women to get together and share their wisdom with you while we shower you with gifts!" "Ugh! Alice you know I hate presents and being the center of attention. Please can't we - OW! – just skip that one?" I stubbed my toe on the corner of the bed as I tried to get dressed and talk at the same time. I should know better by now than to try and multi-task. It almost always ends in injury. "What happened?" Alice sighed. She was growing used to my constant clumsiness although she didn't seem to find it as endearing as Edward did. "Nothing, just trying to do too many things at once," I muttered as I pulled my shirt on. "What time should I come pick you up tomorrow?" Alice sounded excited again and, in spite of myself, I grinned. "The human needs beauty sleep, so how about ten?" I ventured, sure that she wouldn't be able to contain herself until then. "Hmmm, alright, ten it is. Oh, and Bella?" "Yes Alice?" "Have you had a chance to read any of that book I gave you?" I groaned and heard her giggle on the other end. "No, not yet. I still can't understand why you gave it to me Alice. You know I don't read stuff like that." "Give it a chance, Bella. I just know you will love it!" Her little pixie laugh that echoed over the phone had just the hint of an edge to it. For some reason it made me blush, but I couldn't put my finger on why. "My brother is going to be there soon, so I'll let you go now. See you tomorrow!" she chirped. "Bye, Alice," I murmured as I hung up. I picked up my towels and brought them back to the bathroom. I grimaced as I looked in the mirror. I roughly yanked my brush through my wet tangles and set about brushing my teeth and washing my face. By the time I had finished I still wasn't seeing or feeling any kind of improvement on my tired features. "Beauty sleep indeed," I muttered. It would take me at least a decade of solid sleep to become anything that even resembled beautiful, if that kind of thing were even possible. I sulked back to my room and flopped down onto my unmade bed. My elbow hit the spine of the book that Alice had left me, causing tingles to shoot down my arm into my fingertips. I picked up the book and stared at the cover for a moment, feeling myself blush again. Oh, what the heck, why not? I removed the graphic dust cover and placed it in the drawer of my nightstand before I cracked open the book and settled into a more comfortable reading position. I couldn't handle the idea of my fingers touching any part of that half naked man on the cover. I found that the story was actually pretty good and easy to get into. The Edward in the book played the piano, like mine did, but he was from the early 1800's. I guessed Alice had thought I would be more likely to read this since it took place during the period of some of the other novels I enjoyed. The main character's love interest was a woman named Corrine, and for the time period this story was set it she was VERY forward thinking. And just forward in general. It wasn't long before she was trying to entice her Edward into some steamy action on his piano bench. I felt a blush color my cheeks as I pictured her advances, replacing the characters with me and my Edward. … in the dim light of the oil lamps she watched as he lovingly stroked the ivory keys, enticing the beautiful music out of them that floated elegantly around the small room. The muscles on his back rippled and tensed as the music crescendo vibrated the floor beneath her heels. She felt the vibrations travelling up her legs and into her very core. She loved to watch him play, to hear he music he created solely on his ever changing moods. It was beyond any other sensual experience she ever had. She silently stepped forward to brush her fingers along his strong back and arms. His body froze, the music coming to a halting stop, and he slowly turned