Note: Every italic word in this chapter is directly taken from Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone by J. K. Rowling. The missing pieces of the original text are not shown. I wanted to show how the well-known scene differ if there was an AU factor. IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN THE DETAILS OF THE STORY CHECK OUT MY PROFILE PAGE. THOUGH, IT MIGHT CONTAIN SOME SLIGHT SPOILERS. – CHAPTER 1 – Blood relatives " Fancy seeing you here, Professor McGonagall." With the person she has been waiting for arriving and her disguise gone she changed back into her human form. " How did you know it was me?" she asked quite curiously, though this was Albus Dumbledore she was speaking to, the greatest wizard of the century and also her mentor. It was him after all, who helped her master this ability. It shouldn't have surprised her that even after so many years he could still recognize her animagus form easily. " My dear Professor, I've never seen a cat sit so stiffly." That and he probably recognized the marking around her eyes, she decided. " You'd be stiff if you'd been sitting on a brick wall all day," said Professor McGonagall. Now that she said that, she was curious what he has been doing all day. Just this morning he left Hogwarts without a word and he told her and the rest of the staff that all lessons were cancelled – something that has never happened since she started teaching. "All day? When you could have been celebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here." Professor McGonagall sniffed angrily. What did he even mean by that? Surely, he could have just Apparated even if this was a Muggle neighbourhood. However, that wasn't what made her angry – no, she was used to Albus being far from direct or saying hazy things. She was angry because of what others have been doing. If everything she has heard was true she wanted to cry and not celebrate. " Oh yes, everyone's celebrating, all right," she said impatiently. "You'd think they'd be a bit more careful, but no - even the Muggles have noticed something's going on. It was on their news." She jerked her head back at the Dursleys' dark living-room window. "I heard it. Flocks of owls... shooting stars... Well, they're not completely stupid. They were bound to notice something. Shooting stars down in Kent - I'll bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had much sense." She didn't mean all that, not really. Dedalus was a nice fellow – a bit overexcited surely, but a good man. However, she needed a way to get it all out of her system. She could hardly care less about the Statue of Secrecy than at that moment, but it was better to be angry about something so small than to focus on what mattered. She was not ready for that. " You can't blame them," said Dumbledore gently. "We've had precious little to celebrate for eleven years." Of course she knew that. It wasn't like she didn't take active part in the war while she tried to keep up normality at the school to shield the young of the brutality of what was going on. " I know that, " said Professor McGonagall irritably. " But that's no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright careless, out on the streets in broad daylight, not even dressed in Muggle clothes, swapping rumours. " She threw a sharp, sideways glance at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didn't, so she went on. She needed to know the truth. She had to know what was real and what wasn't. With so many wizards and witches gossiping she couldn't know. " A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, Dumbledore?" Well, if he was playing then so would she. While she respected Albus and loved him as a friend and mentor, he could irritate her to no end. He knew exactly – well, not exactly, but that wasn't the point – why she was there, why she has been sitting there all day and yet, he pretended to be absolutely clueless. " It certainly seems so," said Dumbledore. "We have much to be thankful for. Would you care for a lemon drop?" " A what?" "A lemon drop. They're a kind of Muggle sweet I'm rather fond of." Of course she didn't want to taste some Muggle candy at that moment. Dumbledore was supposed to be the wisest of all and yet, he behaved like a child who didn't know what was going on half of the time. She supposed it was a good tactic, pretend to be less than you are, but she wasn't his enemy. (Though, if he kept this laughable conversation up and didn't tell her everything he knew she might just change her mind.) " No, thank you," she answered coldly . "As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone –" " My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself can call him by his name? All this 'You- Know-Who' nonsense - for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to call him by his proper name: Voldemort." She flinched, but Dumbledore, who was unsticking two lemon drops, seemed not to notice. " It all gets so confusing if we keep saying 'You-Know-Who.' I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemort's name." " I know you haven't," said Professor McGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. "But you're different. Everyone knows you're the only one You-Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of." Yes, the exact reason why she has been pretending to be a cat all day – which was a lot more tiring than one would expect. He was the only one she trusted to know the truth. Hell, he always seemed to know everything. She needed to know what was going on and some rumours wouldn't do. She wanted him to say that only bits were right, that You-Know-Who was gone, but the Potters didn't die. They couldn't have... " You flatter me," said Dumbledore calmly. "Voldemort had powers I will never have." Again, he was pretending to be worse than he was. Nice tactic, Albus, she had to admit. However, if she wanted the truth she had to emphasize that she knew his abilities and that she trusted them. " Only because you're too -well -noble to use them." " It's lucky it's dark. I haven't blushed so much since Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs." That wasn't exactly what she wanted to hear. So, another approach then. Professor McGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, "The owls are nothing next to the rumours that are flying around. You know what everyone's saying? About why he's disappeared? About what finally stopped him?" Great, it didn't seem to work. Albus was once again focusing on his Muggle candies and didn't answer her. "What they're saying," she pressed on, "is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godric's Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are - are - that they're - dead." She could hardly say those words. But they were just stories, they couldn't have been right, could they? Still, saying the name 'Lily' and the word 'dead' in the same sentence felt awfully wrong. Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor McGonagall gasped. No, she must have worded it wrongly, he must have misunderstood her. "Lily and James... I can't believe it... I didn't want to believe it... Oh, Albus..." Dumbledore reached out and patted her on the shoulder. It was hardly enough – not that he could know, he thought that she just lost two of her favourite students, but it was much worse than that. However, it wasn't the moment to break down. She had to know what was true from all those stories about Harry. If he was alive and defeated You-Know-Who then she had to be there for him, which was what Lily would have wanted. She had to be strong for him. " I know... I know..." he said heavily. Professor McGonagall's voice trembled as she went on. She had to continue it no matter how hard it was to even form a coherent sentence and not just cry for hours until no more tears were left. "That's not all. They're saying he tried to kill the Potter's son, Harry. But - he couldn't. He couldn't kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but they're saying that when he couldn't kill Harry Potter, Voldemort's power somehow broke - and that's why he's gone." Dumbledore nodded glumly. "It's - it's true?" faltered Professor McGonagall. "After all he's done... all the people he's killed... he couldn't kill a little boy? It's just astounding... of all the things to stop him... but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive?" Harry. Harry was alive. He was alive. Lily's little boy was alright and breathing. " We can only guess," said Dumbledore. "We may never know." She was sure that he at least had some theories – he was after all Albus Dumbledore and it was a universal rule that he always knew everything. However, she was just too damn tired and exhausted emotionally to start a quarrel with him. She knew that there would be more to come – she knew Albus and she also undesrtood that she would have to tell him everything. She would need him on her side and knowing him he had some plans for the future of that little boy already. Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. Now that she knew that Harry was alright (if she didn't count losing his parents and being targeted by an evil megalomaniac and defeating the aforementioned lunatic) she has lost her control. Lily. Lily was dead. Her little boy was an orphan. " Hagrid's late. I suppose it was he who told you I'd be here, by the way?" Well, he didn't react to any form of her trying to make contact – no response to the owls, not finding him anywhere, no answer to her patronus message – so, she was desperate. After running away like that was he surprised that she needed to find a way to contact him? Especially after everything that has been said that day. " Yes," said Professor McGonagall. "And I don't suppose you're going to tell me why you're here, of all places?" She had a very good idea, especially now that she knew that Harry was alive, but she didn't like it one bit. If everything turned out as she feared she would have to tell him her most guarded secret as well - one that she has never shared with anyone before. " I've come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. They're the only family he has left now." Of course she was right, but the Ravenclaw part in her didn't gloat. No, she wanted to be wrong this one time. " You don't mean - you can't mean the people who live here?" cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her feet and pointing at number four. " Dumbledore - you can't. I've been watching them all day. You couldn't find two people who are less like us. And they've got this son-I saw him kicking his mother all the way up the street, screaming for sweets. Harry Potter come and live here!" No, not Harry Potter. Lily's baby boy – he couldn't live with people like the Dursley family. She knew enough about the relationship between Lily and her sister to know