=0= Title: Gavotte Author: Arctapus/HBoy Disclaimer: Tolkien, yes. HB, not likely. Even in dreams. :) Summary: A request. G The Dance of ... Something. Between friends. ;) This story has evolved. It's a part of Fortunate Son and Son Rise, that series. I think its also being influenced by current events. This is about 500 years after the Fortunate Son story began. Its a sidebar to the series. Codes: LOTR, R (M) slash, GL/Er =0= Late at night, a gallery chamber, Imladris ... He sat on an overstuffed chair, feet propped on the low table before him, a glass of wine in his hand. He stared at the wall tapestry, the silence enveloping him with a comforting cocoon of anonymity and relaxation. It was a good thing for he was feeling slightly out of sorts. The day had been fine, nothing out of the ordinary interrupting the general prevailing mood of tranquility and homeliness. He had undertaken his chores, those self-claimed tasks that filled him with contentment and even though this was all true he was still out of sorts. Ill settled. Moody. Few would have felt him capable of such a thing, the usual disposition of the tall blond upbeat and bemused. But sometimes for reasons he didn't understand a darkness would grip him and little was there for him to do but wait it out. He shifted, settling more comfortably in the confines of the chair, his sigh the only sound in the room. Standing in the doorway, leaning against the doorjamb, his arms folded before him, Erestor watched Glorfindel muse on his own frailties. They were friends over many generations of men and even though they were polar opposites, they were very much content in the company of the other. Glorfindel was light to his dark, galloping amusement to his own tawny sardonic elasticity and they were humorous together, each knowing the other very well. He liked Glorfindel even as he loved him, the ancient practice of intense good friendship between Elvish men living on in the closeness of the two. Glorfindel's lanky frame filled the chair, his long legs crossed at the ankles. He held the glass of red wine in his hands, his fingers tracing the curve of the glass' lip with slow circular movements. Thick blond hair obscured Glorfindel's face making his mood hard to gauge. Shifting in his position, Erestor cleared his throat. Blue-gray eyes peered his direction taking him in and Erestor waited expecting invitation. "You're uncannily quiet," Glorfindel murmured watching as Erestor entered and took a seat across from him. Settling in, dark eyes considered him measuring Glorfindel's mood as he would household wares. "And?" "And ... it would seem you are in one of your moods, my friend," Erestor replied crossing his arms comfortably even as he put his own feet on the table. "Am I to presume you will sulk for a day or two and then become your usual abominable self once more?" Glorfindel smirked nodding. "I suppose that is the pattern thus far." Erestor sniffed, eyeing him with that piercing and knowing gaze that put younger less seasoned elves into fits of fear and loathing. It was arch, aristocratic and used to full effect. "You are becoming predictable, my friend. I find that hard to bear. Your one real charm is your uncanny ability to be ten different people at the same time." Glorfindel snorted and smiled. "You have a way with words that does you honor." "I do, don't I," Erestor replied a smirk on his own handsome face. "Tell me Glorfindel, what might it take to ... perk you up?" "I don't know," Glorfindel demurred, already rising from his funk. "A little wine. A little conversation ... a little company between the sheets perhaps." Erestor smiled in spite of himself. "Ah, sexual healing." "Is there any better kind?" "And who would you nominate to help you through your torturous convalescence?" Erestor asked fixing Glorfindel with a jaundiced eye. "I was thinking of someone tall and slender. Someone with nice bones but not too much meat on them. Someone dark haired with smoldering eyes." Glorfindel smiled a roguish smile. "Know anyone who fits the bill?" Erestor held Glorfindel's gaze and then smirked. "Don't know a soul." Glorfindel sighed sadly, glancing sadly away. "Pity. I'm said to be a real catch." "By who?" Erestor asked warming to the banter between them. "Whom. By whom," Glorfindel interjected. Erestor sniffed glacially and glanced away. "If you are going to correct my grammar then you will have to have someone else pimp for you and not me." Glorfindel snorted and chuckled aloud. "Pimp? For me? Since when do I need help to find a bed partner?" "You mentioned that you have specific tastes and it appears that you are hardly in the position by your own acknowledgement to do anything but make a fool of yourself should you pursue a bed partner without assistance. So it would seem that you have brought your case to me as everyone in this place does sooner or later and placed it before me to resolve." "You would find me a bed partner to my specific conditions?" Glorfindel asked fascinated by the figure before him. "Why, Erestor, I am touched." Erestor grinned in spite of himself. "You will be more than touched. You must promise me something in future of my own choosing should I avail you of my considerable skills at persuasion to get someone to lie down with you." Glorfindel laughed setting his glass down on the table before them. He leaned back settling as he focused himself on the debate forming between them. Erestor watched him noting his handsome face and long silken curtain of golden hair. He was relieved that Glorfindel was rallying and wondered where the conversation would go. He didn't care, really. He was prepared to follow it wherever it went. Such was the way the evening was unfolding. "I have very exacting standards, Erestor, my friend. I would not just take any long legged dark-eyed beauty." "Of course," Erestor nodded his expression mock serious. "Give me your specifics and I will consider my inventory and chose the appropriate individual to match your tastes." "You would?" Glorfindel asked. "I would," Erestor replied. Glorfindel smiled and considered his adversary for a moment. Handsome was a word that didn't apply to Erestor. He was that and more, a strange blend of conventional and unconventional beauty. Exotic was a word that suited him, this tall and enigmatic figure before him. Black was his hair and dark his eyes, eyes that missed nothing and saw more than what appeared to most others. "I prefer something very tall, slender, yet strong. Someone with refinement yet sturdy enough to be adventurous in bed. I like dark hair and dark eyes, wise eyes, Erestor, eyes that have seen much but still hold to the light." Erestor nodded hiding his growing amusement. "Go on." "I prefer an equal, someone strong enough to make me work for their body. Someone who will expect to get as much as they give and be willing to take it without hesitation." "You have a gender preference?" he asked knowing good and well that at their age and unmarried station in life, gender was not a consideration. It didn't matter a whit. "I prefer a man, Erestor. I want a man to challenge me, to make me rise to the occasion." Glorfindel rose and took his glass walking behind Erestor to fill it. "Do you wish wine?" he asked smiling slightly at Erestor's negative nod. "I would like someone to make me work for their submission." "Interesting. A dominating submissive. I'm not sure I have one of those in stock. I would have to check with Lothlorien. However, you might have to settle for a blond." Glorfindel chuckled and walked to his chair sitting down once more. "Haldir, perhaps?" "The northern border guard?" Erestor asked. "He-with-two- brothers-Haldir?" "Yes. That one." Erestor grinned and smirked at his friend. "I suppose you are going to tell me that you slept with him." Glorfindel grinned and nodded. "Yes actually. There isn't much to do at night on a flet in the middle of a forest. I am surprised that you are surprised." "I am not surprised. If you told me you had sex on the back of a donkey on the road to perdition I would nod and say, 'Yes. That sounds like him, the magnificent bastard.'" Glorfindel snorted and laughed setting down his glass. He folded his hands before him meeting Erestor's cool gaze with his own amused one. "You didn't ask me how Haldir was." "You plan to tell me? What sort of lover are you?" Erestor asked, mock disapprovingly. "The best kind I am told," Glorfindel said preening slightly. "Haldir has no complaints. I will say that he's rather beautiful, that one. I enjoyed myself immensely and hope to reprise our relationship the next time I pass through. His brothers remind me of you with blond hair. I was considering how much trouble it would be to have all three of them." "At the same time?" Erestor asked smirking. "I never thought of that. Sounds like fun," Glorfindel replied. "Have you ever had more than one lover at a time or does the idea of group sex bother you, Erestor, Seneschal to the Great Lord of Imladris?" "It bothers me less I must say than the idea of you having your way with a Lothlorien border guard in a treetop on the edge of the civilized world. You impress me with your versatility, my dear friend." "I do?" Glorfindel asked. "You have no idea how versatile I can be." It was silent a moment and then Erestor smiled. "The brothers. They look like me?" "Yes," Glorfindel replied smiling. "Tall, willowy but not feminine, muscular. They look like they could handle a lot. If you know what I mean." "You must tell me what it's like next time you go there. I, myself being less the exhibitionist would be less inclined to grope with a group if you get my meaning." Glorfindel snorted and smiled. "You have no idea what fun lies on the fringes of your rock-bound ethics, my dear friend. Titillations galore await the Elf that can let down their corset and relax for a short while wrapped in the arms of someone who wants them." "Are you speaking rhetorically or do you have a specific proposal in mind?" Erestor said smirking at the languid figure lounging before him. "Both. Neither. Why? Do you want to find out what Haldir knows?" Erestor snickered and leaned forward meeting Glorfindel's eye with a measure look. "Are you propositioning me?" "Yes," Glorfindel said holding Erestor's fabled gaze. They sat still a moment and then both leaned back sighing in unison. "I would hate to disturb a good friendship with complications of sexual frolicking and much mutual whisperings of endearments that in the light of day and in a much more sober mood will bring a change in our dealings with each other." Glorfindel nodded. "Then you want to sleep with me?" "In the worst way," Erestor replied sighing. Glorfindel rose and held out his hand pulling Erestor to his feet. "Come with me, my prince and let me make mad passionate love to you." "We will regret this greatly, I fear," Erestor said picking up a bottle of wine and another glass. "Bring your glass. I feel this may take more than the usual lubrication to render done." Glorfindel snorted and followed his friend, winding through the darkened house and up the winding stairs to pause before the seneschal's door. Erestor turned and looked at Glorfindel measuring him with a stern gaze. "No one must know upon pain of a second death." Glorfindel smiled and nodded. "May Mandos keep me next time if I breathe a word." Erestor smiled and opened the door, the two entering. The door closed and would not open