Title: Crusade Reprise Author: Arctapus/H-boy Codes: LOTR, Sequel to Crusade, A/F, Eo/L, GG/E, Challenge, GP-ish Disclaimer: Tolkien, etc. I merely entertain. Summary: This story picks up where Crusade left off. Feedback: Answered. =0= At a lakeside in Gondor ... The sun went down slowly, shadows casting along the ground as the trees closed in around the small cabin of the King. He sat on the bed, staring at the quiet figure of the lord of most of the known world stoking smoldering embers in the fireplace he had lain down by his own hand. They had embraced, Aragorn holding him for the longest time and then the king had stepped back, staring at him with bleak and sorrow-filled eyes. Without a further word, he had turned and headed back along the path that led along the lake, walking back to the cabin where he was residing. Faramir had watched him go, pausing uncertainly for a moment before following. He watched as the only person he had ever loved with his whole heart picked up an ax and began to split wood. He rubbed his palms against the soft cotton of his gray tunic and then moved closer, staring at the pale and shuttered face of his lover. "Aragorn." For a moment, he didn't look up and then he did gazing at Faramir with an expression of such sadness that Faramir swallowed, his own stomach churning. For a moment, Aragorn just stared at him, all the pain of decades coursing through him and then he turned putting a piece of wood on top of another and splitting it with one smooth and powerful stroke. Faramir watched him split block after block, then he moved, picking it up and stacking it neatly next to another split pile by the cabin door. The place was neat but plain, nothing to indicate that the owner of its small wooden confines was the most powerful human living in Middle Earth. It had shuttered windows, now open to the warm afternoon breeze gently caressing them. It looked no bigger than the usual homestead of a small farm holding, a room for eating and sleeping, the lake nearby a place to wash up. Aragorn had built it, therapy for the dull emptiness the made up a portion of his heart. They had lived together for more than a year during their short time together, rough living in caves and rock shelters and the simplicity of that tense but emotionally satisfying time had called to him. Aragorn had found a lake, one glittering in the sunlight of a new spring and words had come to him as he paused watching a loon settle on its dappled surface. /... I have a vision .../ It came to him, the soft voice whispering in his ear and when it came, he could feel the faint ghost of someone in his arms, a lean and lanky form pressed against his own body. He could feel the sway of that beloved body, arms around his neck, lips next to his own and the soft and wistful words that had never faded even as years came and went. /... I dream of a time when we can be together and the threat is not upon us .../ What do you see he remembered asking his hands rubbing Faramir's back gently, easing the tension that had never seemed to leave him. /... a summer's day .../ Aragorn swallowed, moving closer to the water's edge. He stared into the impossibly clear liquid, speckled rocks clear to his eyes, bending and shifting as the water covering them lapped gently at his feet. /... a summer's day by a lake some place. A summer's day and you and I together, walking along the shore by ourselves .../ Tears burned in his eyes, tears that came to him when no one was near to see. He had buried his grief deeply, the only time it emerged being unguarded moments triggered by some unexpected stimulation, some unprepared reaction to a memory trigger. "Some day, Faramir, if the world is not lost, perhaps we can find our way to a lake some place, a lake dappled by the sun." He said it out loud, the words that he had given in response and then he sighed knowing at that moment that this would be the place he would come, the place that was his to remember someone so important that nothing else in his life would ever over take it. "Aragorn." He turned, staring at the apparition before him afraid to see too closely the warm blue eyes and the laugh lines that framed them. There wasn't a part of Faramir's face that he hadn't memorized but he was frightened to look lest reality deny him what his mind and eyes told him he saw before him. The vision came closer, stopping before him, a pale hand touching his face. Aragorn closed his eyes, turning his face to connect somehow with the figure before him and the warmth of the hand that touched him came back to him in his memories. Fingers callused by sword and bow, strength to spare, all of it was so familiar that he moved back withdrawing from the thing that he wanted more than anything. He turned and paused staring at the chopping block and then turned again, walking to the cabin and entering. Faramir watched him, uncertainty reclaiming him and then he followed hesitantly, entering a spare but elegantly furnished cabin dominated by a bed and a large stone fireplace. Aragorn walked to it, poking at the embers that barely glowed. Faramir watched him and then walked to the bed sitting down on it and crossing his legs before him. Faramir watched Aragorn's face, the conflict upon its handsome visage passing like storm clouds across a summer sky. He noted his age, the gray in his hair and the silence that was etched in the lines of his face. He was handsome as ever but graver, more serious, the burdens of his life leaving their mark upon him. He sighed and longed to walk to the solemn figure, to take him into his arms and hold him. But he didn't, acutely aware that something barred that intimacy between them as of yet. "Aragorn ... talk to me please," Faramir whispered his hands clutched nervously together in his lap. Those same grave eyes turned to him holding his own levelly and then a sigh escaped Aragorn's lips. "I cannot give myself the luxury of thinking that you are truly here. So many times alone have I wished this to be true. I longed for you so completely I thought I would go mad from sorrow." Faramir sighed, biting his lip. "Aragorn ... I am here. You must believe." "So it would seem," Aragorn replied. He rose and stared at Faramir, his eyes roving over the unchanged and ageless form of his one true love. It didn't seem possible that the world could hold such mercy at this time in his life. He refused to acknowledge it no matter how much he longed to do just that. Faramir rose and walked to him, pausing before Aragorn. He took the King's hand, squeezing it gently and then brought it to his lips. He kissed it softly and sighed. "You do not believe that I stand before you but I do. Touch me, my Lord, and let me show you that I am truly here." "I cannot," Aragorn whispered turning his gaze away from the gentle blue eyes that looked at him with such intensity that he felt himself crumble inside. "You won't truly be here and when I come to my senses, the pain will be more than I can bear. It is always so." Aragorn turned away but paused caught by Faramir's grip. The younger man stepped around him and pressed his lips against Aragorn's, the soft sweetness of his mouth stilling the King completely. He pressed closer, slipping his arms around Aragorn's neck and after what seemed an eternity was rewarded by strong arms encircling his waist. A soft groan broke the silence as Aragorn kissed Faramir back, falling away into a need that was so powerful he felt painfully the impact of his own hopeless desperation. He pulled Faramir into his body, crushing his mouth with his own desire until he felt himself light headed with breathlessness. Breaking the kiss, he stared at his lover, hope warring with fear in his heart. "You cannot be here," he whispered huskily his arms tightening around Faramir's waist. "It would be too much to hope that the world could grant me this much mercy." Faramir smiled slightly kissing Aragorn's cheek. "I am here. You have tasted my lips. Do they not feel real?" "They do," Aragorn replied pulling Faramir into his arms with an almost brutal need. "But they have before." "This time it's true," Faramir whispered wrapping himself around the body of his lover. "Feel me. I am truly here, Aragorn. I promise you." "Your words," Aragorn replied swallowing around the lump in his throat. "I remember your words." Faramir smiled and looked at him nodding slightly. "Then I am glad." Aragorn stared at his lover, at the apparition that he held in his arms and it all fell away, the fear and disbelief, the loneliness and the sadness. Moving slowly and then with gathering urgency he pulled Faramir with him until they fell onto the bed, moving swiftly to cover the younger man lest he fade and it all be just a dream. Staring down into Faramir's eyes, he sighed memories of other times filling his mind. Then he leaned down and kissed Faramir, shifting gently as he overpowered the dream creature in his arms. Long legs moved, spreading as strong thighs moved to grip him holding Aragorn tightly. Faramir sighed and licked his lips, shifting to pull his lover even closer to him. He opened his mouth to speak but strong and callused fingers stilled him, then soft lips nuzzled his own gently. "Do not speak," Aragorn whispered. "Just love me. Don't break the illusion. I cannot bear this not to be real between us, Faramir." Faramir stared at the anguished eyes that bore into his own, holding them with their neediness. Then he nodded and sighed as soft lips found his neck and a strong hand pulled at the shirt that covered his chest. It was silent in the cabin as the sun departed for another day, leaving behind the silence of night in a wooded glade. *********Years before ... The wedding had been glittering, an almost forgotten possibility in the battered and brutalized world left behind by the destruction of the One Ring. Minas Tirith had been the place where it had happened, the influx of greatness for this uniting and healing event almost unheard of in the memory of most of those gathering. Elf kings and queens, lords and ladies of all the peoples of the world and citizens of many lands had gathered drawn by the prophecy of Men and Elves of the great prosperity that was to be had by the joining of two great and ancient Houses of older times and the present day. The gracious and beautiful Evenstar was to wed the Elessar, the Heir of Isildur and the peace of all the world would be thus achieved. He had met her with a white horse at the dock of the river. She was beautiful in scarlet and gold, her family of such nobility a hush had fallen over the multitudes that had gathered to do homage to the once and future queen of the Reunited Kingdom. She had descended from a white swan ship followed by her family from the Blessed Lands, an impossibly beautiful figure shimmering with jewels, her long hair plaited and draped in delicately woven braids. She paused before him, this tall, almost mythological figure of a man from days long past, this