=0= Title: Crusade (24 Parts) Author: Arctapus/h-boy Summary: This story is from the F-Q Fest list of challenges. What if Sauron did get the Ring back during the Fellowship's journey? Aragorn, Faramir, Eomer and Legolas are hiding deep in the Misty Mountains and try to survive while trying to come up with a way to kill Sauron once and for all. Pairing: Aragorn/Faramir, Legolas/Eomer. Thank you, Maeglin Yedi, for the idea. Codes: LOTR, AU, Violent, Mature rating, slash, epic scope =0= On the run ... The sun went down, the world falling into darkness once more as they rode west, hurrying through the broken lands toward the sanctuary of the mountains. Behind them, in endless shadow, the lands of their forebears lay, overcome by the forces of evil. Gondor had fallen and before that, Rohan. They had done much damage themselves before fleeing, the Nazgul lay dead and so did many thousands of the enemy but the one who cannot be named had prevailed against them. Frodo must have failed, he considered, fragments of many fears cascading together in his mind. Aragorn pushed the image from his thoughts, casting into some corner of his mind still capable of rational thought all his sorrows for the halflings. It had been a desperate hope and one that had failed. Gandalf had prayed that it would be different, that Frodo and Sam would do what kings of men could not, but it was not to be. Gandalf. He was missing, perhaps fallen in the tide of battle on the Fields of Pelennor, that plain that stood between his own crown and the death of them all. They had stood side by side, the heirs of many lands, and struck down thousands but many more came and in the end, the remnants of the army had fled, leaving the city to the enemy. It had been the hardest thing they could have done, this haunting, terrible retreat. It was dark when they reached the foothills, entering the great forests as they began to appear on shadowed hillsides, marching up the slopes of mountains that had once seemed so safe and familiar. Things had changed, familiar places becoming strange to his eyes and as he rode, Aragorn considered what monsters might be lurking in the darkness around looked back, his heart numbed by the fall of Gondor. Among the dead he had searched for Gimli, finding him nowhere in the time they had to look. Aragorn had grabbed his arm dragging him from the charnel fields and on horseback, with tears in their eyes they gathered their remaining forces and fled. The city, flames rising in the sky, had emptied in the battle, women and children fleeing in the confusion of the fight. Men had died to make their escape plausible and now they were scattered all about, living who knew how, existing in the new world of terror and darkness all alone. Gimli must be dead. This was clear in Legolas' mind but he couldn't accept it and so he discounted the thought, calmness suffusing him as he rearranged reality to survive. He would show up some time, walking in with his usual bluster and then things would be easier to bear. Until then, he would continue as best he could in the world where the One Ring was in the hands of the Beast. ***************Rivendell ... They fled in groups, hurrying away for the sanctuary of the Havens and beyond, all of them filled with anguish and futility. He was the last, Elrond, Master of the great redoubt, along with his closest advisers and his sons. Clad in armor, his sword at his side, his bow and quiver on his back, he stood on the terrace of his home one last was clear with the capture of the Ring by the Enemy that the sanctuaries of the Elves would fall. He knew the moment Morgoth clutched the Ring that the time of peace and hopefulness was over. All of the Ring Bearers, all of them, knew. All of them knew what was coming. As he stood on his terrace, he worried for Celeborn and Galadriel and Thranduil as well for they were closer to the coming dread. They would have to flee as best they could, making their stand with him at the shores of the ocean as their people slipped away by ship. He sighed raggedly, turning and facing his family, relief that Arwen was in the Grey Havens suffusing him. The end of the world was at hand and he knew it, feeling the doom before any other as it slipped its dark fingers into the sensibilities of all. He nodded and they stepped back watching as he took the torch from Glorfindel's hand, turning and touching a tapestry with its bright back, watching as it ignited, they would retreat through the house, setting flames as they went and by the time they rode away to the west, the house would be engulfed. ***************In the mountain passes ... They hurried onward, fleeing with gathered humans, the remnants of Rohan and the Dale. Haldir stood by his horse, searching the trail behind them with his eyes and the hills above them as elves and men filed past, hurrying wearily westward to the shores of the sea. He was in charge of their retreat, the Lady and Lord mingled among the refugees, exhorting them to move and keep moving, those that came by land. Many had made for the sea, going by boat, and they would have their trials, their ordeals and their nightmare moments as well before they reached the haven of Cirdan. They hadn't heard from the Woodland Realm, so quickly did their defenses fall. The Ring had been taken and the Three had failed. They had been cast off, lest their bearers be overtaken by evil. Now all they could do was flee and fight, making for the sea where ships lay. They would be able to leave Middle-earth but the others wouldn't. They were not allowed to come to the shores of Valinor. They would have to be left behind. As he stood in the rain, searching for the Enemy, Haldir of Lorien tried not to think of what would come when the Elves at last were gone. ***************In the mountains ... They made their way, passing abandoned possessions of people fleeing westward, scurrying toward the sea in a mad, blind rush to whatever refuge might be found. There were carvings here and there, the marks of Elves leaving information behind and he read it eagerly, hoping against hope for the sign he sought, the sign of Gandalf or one of his kind. He didn't find it but he found caves and into them they entered, throwing themselves down in searched the confines, helping the wounded and the numbed, finding a rivulet of water that was fit for drinking. Faramir and Legolas, moving on momentum, pushed people in, dragging exhausted horses by their bridles and reins. Aragorn was last to enter, sword in hand and anguish in his heart as he faded back into the shadows with his water trickled down the mountainside, dripping in slow rivulets to the ground below. Middle-earth was in agony, in the hands of the Beast. Her creatures great and small, scurried from the darkness, making their way into what shelter there was. It was a dark night in the Misty Mountains, a dark night in the hearts of those left behind all alone. ***************Later that night ... Faramir sat on a rock, hunched in his cloak, his eyes fixed on the middle distance. Around him, sitting and lying with difficulty on the ground, men and women huddled. Faramir sat numbed, a slight wound on his hand the remnants of battle far away. He didn't see anything around him, so battered and weary was he, but images of other places came unbidden. Boromir came to him, laughing and handsome, invincible. He was the dearest friend he had ever had, his brother. Boromir had become separated from him, disappearing into the rabble of battle and so he was unclear what had happened to him, his beloved older brother. His heart ached, fear filling him as he struggled to assimilate their defeat. His father was missing, the men of his household and his brother, Boromir. The Elf lands had fallen, driven westward one by one and in the desolation on Legolas' face, he could see his own uncertainty reflected. Did his father make it out? Was his family safe? What of their homes and fields, their holy places and their refuges? What of their people, women, children, the old? What of the world? What of the future? He hung his head, tears brimming in his eyes in this low moment of his repute. Nearby, watching with dull eyes, Eomer sat a cup of something hot in his hands. He watched Faramir, noting the slump of his shoulders and felt his despair. His uncle, cousin, friends and colleagues, his sister and the people of his kingdom ... they were missing. He felt despair clutch at his throat and then he pushed it away, staring into the flames and willing hatred to take his heart. He ached for it, the flame of deep emotion as he sat in the void of his misery. Numbness suffused him and he felt nothing. Even the images in his mind of murder and revenge could not rouse him from his stupor, so deep did the shock of the past few days run. Tomorrow, he considered. Tomorrow, he would rouse. Tomorrow, he would take sword in hand and carve from the belly of their dying world a stroke of revenge so sweet it would live in the annals of the few who would remain giving them heart in the midst of the terror of their slavery. It was all they could do now, Eomer considered. Glancing to his left, he saw Aragorn kneeling, conversing in a low tone with the Elf, Legolas. His eyes were bleak, the pale cast of his face reflected in the weak light of the fire. Legolas was filled with pain and suffering, his fear for his people, the loss of his friend clear for all to see. Eomer looked away, willing in the clutter of their surroundings, some such privacy for the Elf. He was not given to displays, this Eomer knew, and his openness, his sorrow was painful to see. Aragorn rose, moving toward him, nodding and squeezing his shoulder as he passed. He had risen to his heritage and they hailed him their leader by acclamation as well as by simple alignment. He had rallied them in the chaos, gathering Rangers, Rohirrim and Gondorians together before making a break for the mountains. They had followed him, riding with fury and determination to the sanctuary of the great spine of rock that divided the world. Over lands both known and unknown, they had ridden with fury, helping their wounded, their weak and their young. Reaching the caverns, finding relief here, though it was temporary, he knew. But it was something. It was something. Eomer sighed and looked at Faramir, noting in his slumped form some kind of metaphor for the world. They were down and perhaps out but they would not go quietly into the night. As long as he had the strength to wield a sword Eomer of Rohan would fight. ***************Grey Havens ... Cirdan stood on the dock, watching as Elves crowded onto boats. They were coming now, in the thousands and he was pressed to accommodate them. Memories came to him, memories of terrible days long past, when children without parents and parents without children crowded his shores, seeking in the Uttermost West the refuge they could not find here. The sky overhead was cloudy, threatening rain and he stared at it with worry even as the sea lapped at his feet. There would be rough sailing ahead as the ships began to leave,