=0= Title: Sleeping With the Enemy (6/6) Author: Arctapus Codes: LOTR, E/B, R, Very AU, Challenge story, SLASH Notes: This story is an AU. There is no war with the ring, the Elves are not much known by everyone in the respective kingdoms beyond the canon sense of fairy tale, the kingdoms of men are trying to become closer, building between them goodwill and support. Summary: For the sake of their countries, Theoden and Denethor decide that Boromir and Eomer should get bonded/married. One problem: Boromir and Eomer hate each other... Pairing: Boromir/Eomer. (Maeglin Yedi) Disclaimer: This is for fun and no copyright infringement is implied by the use therein of the characters and their world. No money changes hands. =0= In a town in California ... It was quiet at the house as he sat in the living room, sipping beer and watching Australian Rules football on ESPN. It had been several days since he had been on the town, several days since he had come to the conclusion that he was who he was and there was no getting around it. A phone call from his son had resonated with him making him consider a lot of hard truths. Now that they were separated, now that she was going to live in another town and his son was no longer a part of his daily life, he had taken stock of his situation laying aside bitterness and considered what he had done wrong with his life. He was a lineman for the local electrical company, a man with nerves of steel and a solid reputation among his peers. A handsome man, nearly six feet two inches, he had been someone the ladies had looked up to as well. He had been married for several years raising his son with great attention and affection but inside he had kept something to himself, something that in the end had destroyed his marriage and taken his happiness away. He shoved it out of his mind, having come to the forgone conclusion that he would never make a good husband. No one was stupid enough to be with him on a full time basis including his soon-to-be former wife. She had made it clear that there was no reconciling from their split up and he had learned to live with the idea that his son would be growing up fifty-five miles from him in another city. His house was his own, his wife having money of her own, the second bone of contention between them. He had been working class and she, the daughter of a wealthy man and so it had been difficult for him to feel manly and independent around the father who was so solicitous of his daughter's creature comforts. She had taken what she had brought into the marriage including the beloved son that they shared. It was to her great credit that she worked out the most generous custody arrangements possible. He sighed and rose, walking through the house to the kitchen. Dinner had been takeout, something easy and warm and the rest of the evening would be quiet, spent just getting used to being alone. He put his bottle on the counter staring at the dishes in the sink and he sighed, wishing more than anything that he could hear his son's voice once more. He would be coming on the weekend sharing the house with his father through the holidays before going back to school in the city. The sun was setting and darkness was falling as he stood by the window and stared out. Things had fallen apart quickly or so it seemed but if he had been truthful he would have seen the unraveling sooner. He just didn't want to, preferring to hope it wouldn't happen. His son was his life and now he was gone. With a sad sigh, he turned and walked back to the living room turning off the light as he sat down once more. Channel surfing aside, he found an old movie, a Robin Hood-like story with men in tights. Smiling at the strangeness of the men on the screen, all exaggerated posing and blustery bravado, he settled in to watch, the hours ticking by as slowly but surely he fell into sleep. ***************In another place and time ... "I am *not* going with you." The finality in the voice was amusing to her as she stood in the doorway watching with some detached objectivity her brother fulminate. It had been a day and a half since the proposal had been made and still Eomer had not calmed down. "Come down to dinner before Uncle gets angry." Eomer turned, staring at her with furious eyes. "*Uncle* gets angry? What about *me*? You are my *sister*. You are supposed to be loyal to *me*, Eowyn or am I not able to count upon you any further?" She swallowed her amusement and stepped into the room, pausing before the tall and furious figure of her only truly close blood relative. He looked like their father she thought as she put her hand upon his chest. His heart was pounding furiously like his temper. He stilled, ever in tune with her. "Eomer ... you must come down and sup with us. Uncle is concerned." "Not concerned enough to propose what I cannot abide. You would have me agree with him?" "We have no choice," Eowyn replied sighing softly. "We do not have the luxury of choice, those of us who bear the burden of service. Someday, you might wear the crown of the King. You must learn to put yourself second." "And you, Eowyn ... what do you put before yourself?" he asked knowing full well that his question was unfair. She sighed and looked at him with grave eyes. "Everything," she replied quietly. He gathered her into his arms and they stood together, two people caught in the vice of their people's need. ***************In another place ... "He's *not* joking," Faramir replied gravely. He stared at his brother, at the terrible fury on his face. Boromir was pacing wearing a rut in the ground as he tried to bear the burden of his rage and distaste. "Father must have taken leave of his senses," he muttered pausing before his brother who sat on a chest watching Boromir fume. They had been together all afternoon long, Faramir patiently listening as his brother ranted and raved. It was always so, Faramir listening and Boromir working out his passions and plans at the top of his voice. Now they were caught in a dilemma from which there appeared to be no escape and so they sat together talking, walking and cursing, ever Faramir the patient one, supporting where he could. "Father is *mad*," Boromir said angrily pausing to look at his brother once more. "Tell me he's mad." Faramir smiled a ghost of a smile, nodding as he rose and walked to his brother. "He's mad." Boromir smirked, hugging his brother tightly. "What are we to do?" Faramir sighed and shook his head. "There is naught to do but obey. Unless you want to be banned or bothered or worse." "Father is *mad*," Boromir persisted rubbing his hands nervously together. He paused and looked at his brother, noting the concern in his eyes. "Faramir, I do not know what this will lead to but I would appreciate it very much if you would reason with him." "With *Father*?" Faramir asked surprised. "Since when did Father ever take *my* council? His mind is made up along with Theoden of Rohan. What can a mere second son of Denethor say to such worthies?" "How about nay? How about 'this is *madness*'," Boromir said sitting heavily on his bed. "How about ... I can not imagine what you can say, my brother but I want to hear you say it again." "What, Boromir?" Faramir asked moving to sit on the bed next to his brother. Boromir lay splayed out, arms out flung and defeat written into every line. "Tell me that Father is mad." Faramir smiled and complied. ***************In Rohan at the same time ... He sat at the table leaning on his elbows, his dark eyes focused on the candles before him. Sitting in their accustomed places, Eowyn, Theodred, Theoden, Gamling, and Hama watched him furtively around the delicate dance of their conversation. They didn't bring it up, the proposal that had been struck and Eomer wasn't conducive to conversation about it or much else. The food was good as ever and the wine sweet. The men talked together, about anything but Gondor and Eowyn watched her brother sulk with a sense of sad foreboding. They would be going to Gondor in three days putting into practice what had been only just now decided upon in correspondence. "For the good of Gondor ... for the security of Rohan ..." These words had echoed in her mind, the carefully formulated diplomatic language of nations conversing and she considered what it meant to the people caught up in the middle of grand design. The needs of the many outweigh the needs of the few. This had been taught to her early on in her life, her parents sacrificing themselves for the good of her country, bringing her to live with the brother of her mother. Theoden was a good man and a good king as well. He loved his people and always put them first. In the doing of this thing, this inherited burden of responsibility, he had made hard decisions for the good of all. His family, his son and nephew especially had shouldered their share of the burden, almost never offering an opposing view. They supported and loved him, helping him where they could but this decision had landed hard among them. Theodred glanced at his cousin, the boy child of his youth, the stalwart companion of his majority. He would be undertaking a terrible and fraught-filled mission for the good of Rohan, a mission that would hold sway over the rest of his life and bind two countries together in a way that no treaty or agreement ever could. In three days, they would be traveling to Gondor, going into the White City to make a special kind of treaty. They would wear their finest garments, riding the most beautiful horses in their kingdom, making a show for Rohan that would be remembered for years to come. He smiled slightly to himself unable to feel the depth of his cousin's despair over the situation he had found himself trapped inside. Theodred had met Boromir before, riding with him in hunts against the enemy, foraging off the land and having great sport at shooting tournaments. He liked the big handsome man, a man of great virility and charisma. For a moment he lingered on the possibility of their joining, Boromir and Eomer, on the thrashing and dominance-seeking magnitude of that moment and the mere thought made him tingle all over with sensation. Boromir and Eomer had a rendezvous with destiny, a personal joining that would have far-reaching consequences for both nations. It would be a treaty of a different kind and he would have ringside seats at the most unusual negotiations ever attempted between them. Of course, he considered, it *could* have been him, the chosen sacrifice for the dignity of their two nations. But it wasn't, his father sparing him even as he chose his strapping nephew to meet the challenge. And challenge it was, this diplomatic venture and he wished he could be a fly on the wall when payment came due. Smiling to himself, he sipped his wine, well aware that when the fireworks were over they would all return to their own homes once more. Eomer would come back with them, Boromir would stay in Gondor suffering reunions only at the instigation of their respective lords. In between they would continue as before perhaps wenching or not among themselves as ever