Title: Fortunate Son Author: Arctapus/Helmboy Codes: Lord of the Rings, AU, R-Mature, Elrond, Legolas main pair and other characters including the twins and Glorfindal are secondary. Summary: Legolas is fostered as a youngster to the court at Rivendell, much against the wishes of his parents and in keeping with the 'guidance' of Celeborn and Galadriel, two who hope to end the bickering by creating a bond. All that follows is not gold. Disclaimer: I don't own them. I merely tell tales. Feedback: Requested and answered. =0=Lothlorien ... He sat on a tree root waiting for his parents to come down from the platform that marked the entrance to the home of the Lady and Lord of the Wood. They had arrived earlier, the Captain of the Guard, Haldir leading them in. As they arrived it was clear that there were others already here, their horses tied nearby and their retainers waiting patiently. He had dismounted, eying the strange dark-haired Elves with curiosity even as he was eyed. They had noticed him from the group, his unusual beauty standing out in a crowd known for it. He had not recognized anyone and seeing the saddle markings of Elves from Imladris, he had found a place by himself, sitting on a large root at the bottom of a Mallorn tree. He had only snatches of reasons for the trip to Lorien, this being the first time in his life he had ever accompanied his parents any place beyond the strict confines of their kingdom. He was the youngest and often times in the hectic schedule of business of state, the one left behind with his mother. Now something had arrived in their midst and it had upset both of them terribly. His father almost didn't agree to leave, so unhappy was he with the 'request' of the Lord and Lady of the Wood. The situation had not been discussed with him but he had been asked to go, riding to Lothlorien with his parents. They were met and taken inside the great forest, the trees stupefying to him, even as he had been raised among them. They rode to the city, soldiers tying their horses to railings for them as the great lady and lord met them, escorting them inside. He had been introduced, Lady Galadriel especially gracious and then they had left him to cool his heels in the shade and serenity of the great wood. People had come and gone, some he knew from a glimpse here and there and some not, causing him to speculate who was 'friendly' and who was the 'enemy', his own euphemism for Rivendell folk. Horses trumpeted their impatience to him as he waited with growing anxiety for the outcome of the meeting. All he knew was that he was the agenda. ***In the presence of the Lord and Lady of the Wood ... They sat together, each on their own side. The King and Queen of the Green Wood stared with regal coolness at the dais where Celeborn and Galadriel sat. On the other side, equal to them, Lord Elrond, Glorfindel and Erestor sat. Galadriel suppressed a sigh, the emotions of all involved clear to her and she turned to her husband, Celeborn and nodded. He rose and stood before them, tall and contemplative. "Welcome to our country, good and wise people. We are most gratified that you came to our summons. It is on the business of all good that we asked you here today. For these many years it has been estranged among us, the relations between the great Green Wood and the valley of Rivendell cold between you. That is not the way of our people. "There is much to gain from a closer and warmer alliance. Contact between our three countries should be increasing but it is not. Our people should feel free to come and go amongst us but they do not. Much that is good and valuable is not emerging between us because of old wounds and attitudes." Elrond stole a glance toward Thranduil and noted that the King was uncomfortable under the unblinking gaze of the great Lord. He, himself, a son-in-law of the two was more used to the ethereal contact and therefore felt less harshly the impact of his words. Celeborn turned to his wife, Galadriel smiling at him with her usual gaze of loving admiration. He smiled back, considering his words. As he did Thranduil stole a glance at Elrond. Their gazes met, a chill was passed between them and they turned back, listening as Celeborn began again. "It was and still is the practice of fostering sons between families of great houses. For my Lady and I, having the children of Elrond for lengths of time is close to the experience of our ancestors but that is the relationship of grandparents and grandchildren. That is separate even if it is good." He stared at both men for a second. "The Lady and I wish that you, Thranduil, foster your youngest child to the household of Lord Elrond. It would be in the interests of all for you to do this thing. It would help to heal wounds that have lingered far too long between us. I would suggest a son sent to you, Thranduil, but Elrond's children are grown." It was silent a moment, no one speaking and then Celeborn continued. "We are asking this for the greater good of all our people. We would consider it a favor personal to us, Thranduil, if you would do this good thing. A favor to us. A personal favor." They all sat, listening to the implications unspoken and then Elrond rose, turning to the two silent pale people on the other side of the small room. "It would be an honor to do this and I would give to any child of Thranduil the best possible care and protection." Inside his head a banshee howled even as he acceded to the inevitability of the moment. He waited, breath held, stealing a glance at Galadriel. She winked just barely perceptibly and he struggled not to smile. Thranduil glanced at the shocked and pale face of his wife and then rose slowly. "Does the Lord of Lothlorien mean that I must give up my youngest child at this tender moment of his fostering to the care of another? What manner of thing is this? That a father and mother must send a child of their own off to live among strangers?" The emphasis on strangers was clear and angry even as Thranduil struggled with the manner of his speaking and Elrond struggled too not to bristle. "Your son would be safe in my lands, as safe as a child of my own," Elrond countered, his words and manner deliberately soft and gentle. "But he isn't your son," Thranduil said, struggling with his anger. "He is mine, my youngest boy. I am being asked to give him to you for how long? Years? All the days of his youth to be given to another?" "It is the way of our people to foster young ones among the great houses, to build harmony and trust. You are a king of our people as are you, Elrond of Rivendell. There are no easy paths for any of us who bear this burden. Surely by now you would know this truth." Celeborn's voice was sharp, the rebuke in it clear to both men. They hesitated, turning to the great lord and lady. As they did, Thranduil's wife rose and moved to stand before them. "All these many years I have longed for detente. This way of anger and rage is not the way of our people. It has cost us all dearly. However, I implore you to consider the cost to my heart of the loss of my young boy. Even as he approaches the end of his younger days, he is still in many ways my child. It would grieve me uncounted to lose him for many years at this stage to another. Soon the day will come when he will become a man and have less need for his mother. I forestall the sorrow of that time by his company now." For a moment it was silent and then Galadriel rose, her face filled with understanding and pity. "I too know the loss of a child. My only child, my daughter is gone from me oversea and who will know how many ages will pass before we can see each other again. Your pain I understand in ways no man can know. But what we are responsible for is greater than our own needs and desires. Your son can be a bridge for our people to become whole again. For all the pain of separation, there is the joy of reunion, not just for you but for all our people. Even as I grieve for your heart, I implore you to be gracious and kind, to give your child to Lord Elrond to heal the breach between our people." She stood before Galadriel, her grief on her face and then she composed herself, turning to her husband. "The Lord and Lady have spoken. What say you, husband?" Thranduil stood silently, his internal emotional firestorm clear to all. It raged on his face as he looked from his wife to Celeborn to Galadriel and finally to Elrond. He stared at Elrond, the anger of centuries flashing in his eyes and then he turned to Celeborn at last. "I would wish to take council on this," he said shortly. "It is a step that must not be considered in haste." Celeborn nodded and the two turned, walking hand in hand out of the room. Elrond watched them go and turned to his in-laws, a frown forming on his face. "That wasn't good," he said finally. Galadriel chuckled, walking down to where he stood, bemused advisers all around him. "I think it was a good start, don't you, my Lord?" she asked, turning to her husband. He shook his head, a smile forming on his lips. "If you say so, my Lady." Elrond had to laugh in spite of himself. ***Outside in the courtyard... Legolas scrambled down from the root and rushed to his parents, staring at their faces as they walked toward their horses. "Mount up, Legolas. We're leaving." He nodded, not daring to ask and joined his family and their party, riding with them from the hitching area. Through the forest, not waiting for Haldir, they rode out of Lothlorien. It would be a silent ride home, the three of them keeping their own council before the explosive arguments between his parents would begin in their home. Legolas would only wait, his fears his own as they shouted their way to a decision. ***Arrival at Imladris a month later ... They rode through the great gate of the city, entering the courtyard that led to the house beyond. He rode beside his father, sitting as straight as he could. His eyes flickered around, even as he sat affecting indifference to the beauty that hit him like a gloved fist to the jaw, so great was the effect Rivendell had upon him. The group dismounted while he and his father sat, waiting for the head of the household to greet them. Standing in the doorway, Elrond noted the tension in the older man. Considering he was giving over his son to the care of a man he didn't like, Elrond could hardly blame him. He stepped forward, Glorfindel and Erestor on each side and walked the short distance to where the two waited. Standing on a balcony nearby, watching with silent interest, Elladan and Elrohir waited. They could see through the facade of relaxation he wore like a mask the tension in their father as he greeted the haughty king of the north wood. There was an exchange of conversation and an invitation to dine. Thranduil declined it and Elrond absorbed