Title: Only fooling myself. Summary: Three reasons to stay away from Edward Cullen: 1. His family are the most notorious mobsters in town. 2. My dad is the newly appointed police chief determined to catch said family. 3. He hates me; He made that abundantly clear the day he warned me to stay away from him and the rest of his family. The sensible thing would be to hear his warnings, move on and forget about him. Except no matter how hard I try, there is something about Edward Cullen that draws me in. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight; all respective characters belong to S Meyer. Authors note: Hey all, it's been a while hasn't it? Anyway, I'm back now with a new story! I hope you like it. Oh and just to warn you this chapter hasn't been beta'd. So I apologise in advance for any errors. ~*~Chapter 1~*~ "Are you really sure this is a good idea?" I asked as I looked at myself in the mirror. Thanks to the radical new look my friends had orchestrated I barely recognised the stranger staring back at me; My eyes looked bigger, with thick, long lashes that the most expensive mascara had created, and my skin shined with a natural glow that had nothing to do with my embarrassingly frequent blush. I almost always wore my hair pulled up any which way because it was practical, but now I was surprised by how much more glamorous it looked as it shimmered about my face and shoulders in the loose curls that Jessica had created. Getting ready, I had been a little unsure of the outfit she had chosen for me. It was a dark blue knee length dress, tight fitted and totally unlike anything I'd ever worn before. But the blue silk made a nice contrast to my pale skin, or so Angela told me. It was quite the transformation on a self confessed geek like me. The old Bella would never have worn such a daring dress but tonight was all about seizing the moment, and even if it was only for one night I wanted to feel young, free and reckless. I have always been the quiet, clumsy one, who easily blended into the background when I wasn't busy embarrassing myself by falling over. It doesn't help matters that I am your stereotypical painfully shy geek. I had also never been pretty. Ask anyone, and they would tell you the same. I'm average height and gawky, with long, boring brown hair that doesn't do half of the things I want it to do. But again, it was not something I was especially upset over; I adjusted to not being a raven beauty years ago. "It's a great idea Bella! You haven't been out with us since you moved here. Do you honestly want to spend all of your spare time sitting in that library of yours?" Jessica said scornfully as she applied yet another coat of bright red lipstick. In many ways I envy Jessica. She's confident, flirty, and incredibly outgoing and is always out enjoying herself. Each time she comes back with an interesting story to tell, usually involving a new man on the scene, though by all accounts things are turning pretty serious with her new boyfriend, Mike Newton. He works in the city and has some pretty important connections, which is how we had managed to secure an invite to the most exclusive club in Port Angeles. Unfortunately Mike got called away to an important business meeting in Seattle this weekend so Jessica invited me and our other friend Angela to come along with her instead. Twilight is one of the most popular clubs in town, though few were lucky enough to actually go because it has a strict invite only policy. However, the fact that it was so exclusive made it all the more intriguing, which is exactly why I jumped at the chance to go. I have practically lived the life of a nun since we moved here little over a month ago after my father got promoted to Chief of Police in this small, run-down town. It had taken a little while to settle in to life in a new town but I was managing. Besides which, this was Charlie's big chance to prove himself and he was determined to clamp down on the rise in organised crime that had been troubling Port Angeles for several years now. My fathers work is his life but we still have a fairly close relationship despite the amount of time he spends on the job. My relationship with my mother Renee is another story altogether; We have never been particularly close and nothing I have done has ever been good enough for her. Unlike Charlie, she saw my studies as a waste of time when all I was destined for was a life of cooking and cleaning just like her. 'Young men don't want girls with silly ideas in their head above their station,' she had told me when I got the job at the local library. I swear she is stuck in a different era. Sometimes I half expected her to declare that it was time I settled down and made an appropriate marriage. I am far from ready for that. Dressing up to go out and meet men wasn't really my thing. Even in college I didn't go to any of the parties or the popular hangouts outside of classes. I was good girl Bella Swan; more likely to be found in the local library than out drinking on a Friday night with the rest of my fellow students. The truth is that I just don't know how to be around guys or anyone for that matter. My whole life I have struggled to fit in because aside from my overprotective father and overbearing mother, I'm shy, socially awkward and especially uneasy with men. I've only ever had one boyfriend, if you could even call Tyler that. It didn't last long and was over before it ever really got going. Pathetically, I'm still a virgin- probably the only virgin in Washington over twenty one years old. It isn't that I'm a prude or overtly religious like my mother, I'm simply not willing to give my virginity to just anyone. Call me crazy but I believe in love at first sight. I believe in a fairytale. I believe in happily ever after. I want love; passionate, crazy, romantic love, just like in the novels and I'm not willing to settle for anything less. Jessica says I've read far too many romantic novels and they have clouded my mind. According to her I need to be less picky if I was to meet Mr Right. Somehow, I was doubtful that I would meet my dream man tonight, I thought dryly. "Tonight is going to be so much fun," Jessica said brightly. I sighed and tried not to wince as I imagined the heavy music, sweaty crowd and worst of all dancing. "I hope you guys know what you're getting yourself in for. You know how much I hate clubs," I complained. "Relax Bella, Twilight isn't like the usual run of the mill clubs and you look great" Angela assured me and I could always count on her to be honest with me. "This will be good for you. The cabs here so stop your worrying and lets get going," Jessica urged as she grabbed her purse and started making her way out of the apartment. Throwing caution to the wind, I was determined to cast aside my usual shyness for a night of fun and excitement. I had one last look at myself in the mirror before grabbing my purse and following after her. My excitement lasted all of twenty minutes, right up until the moment we pulled up outside a rather nondescript looking building on the outskirts of town. On the outside it looked like any other building, but it was the correct address, Jessica was positive of that. She and Mike had been here several times before to know that this was it, and the queue of people waiting outside alone told me we were at the right place. As soon as we stepped out of the cab Jessica headed straight to the front of the line where two huge men were waiting outside checking people off the guest list. Something about their demeanour alarmed me and I hesitated slightly while Jessica shamefully flirted with one of them. Fair play to her she certainly knew how to work her charm. She gave them her name and got us in immediately without a second glance at our ID's. Once we were inside, I did my best not to gawk like an idiot. The inside of the building was a total opposite to the outside; It was gorgeous and absolutely nothing like I imagined. It was classy, not trashy. I was so dazzled by everything that I could barley take in the glinting chandeliers, black suited waiters circulating with champagne, the clink of crystal and melodious tingle of a piano that was set up in the far corner of the room. All of the women were immaculately groomed, in expensive dresses and even more elaborate jewellery, while the men were dressed in equally smart suits. Jessica had warned us that the owners of this establishment, liked to do things in style but I was in no way prepared for such an extravagant setting, especially considering the less than distinctive exterior. No club I had ever been to was like this. It was all so overwhelming. "Wow," I told Jessica, not really sure what else to say. "It's something else isn't it?" she replied knowingly. We were quickly seated at a small table on the outskirts of the stage and a waiter immediately appeared to take our order. When he returned moments later with our drinks, I tried to relax and enjoy myself as I took in the scene around me. It was like getting a glimpse into another world- one I clearly didn't belong in. I felt unbelievably shy and self conscious. As three women on our own, we received a fair amount of attention and while it was flattering I was still terribly embarrassed. I have never liked being the centre of attention and would do anything to avoid it. It went back to my school days when I blushed terribly and everyone would tease me about it. I still blushed, even now. Especially now, with so many men milling around us. Neither of my friends shared the same problem and Jessica was certainly never short of handsome young men keen to buy her drinks. I envied Jessica her ease with men, and supposed it stemmed from the fact that she had far more experience in relationships than I'd ever had. I was hiding at our table, trying to go unnoticed when suddenly a movement at the side of the bar caught my eye. The door opened and the most beautiful man in the world walked through. He was without doubt the most handsome man I had ever seen. So handsome that once you looked at him you had to immediately look back again. It was no wonder really; The man looked as if he'd walked straight off the cover or GQ or something, I thought. At a guess, I would say he was in his early twenties. He was tall, comfortably over six feet, with a perfectly chiselled jaw, a long straight nose and the most perfect pink lips that were turned up into the sexiest crooked half-smile. His hair was the most unusual shade of brown, with a hint of bronze and was styled in the most perfect, chaotic mess. He was different from the other men in the room, and not just because of his superior good looks; There was just something in the way he walked, the way he