This was my entry for the we love mobward contest. Thanks to everyone who participated in the contest, the host, judges, betas, validators and readers/reviewers. I had so much fun taking part:) I was absolutely amazed to come second in the public vote! Thank you to anyone who voted for my little one shot and reviewed. To come second among all the great entries really means a lot. If you haven't already done so head over to u/ 8713588/We-Love-Mobward-Contest. There are some brilliant one shots; many I'm hoping to see extended. I didn't intent on continuing with my own entry but after all the kind words and encouragement I received I'm going to give it a go! No promises on when I will make a start on the extended version so in the meantime I'm posting the one shot I entered into the contest A massive thanks has to go out to my wonderful beta GeekChic12 who did an amazing job! Without her I doubt I'd have made it into the contest! Story Title: The Perfect Stranger Summary: A wedding is supposed to be a happy occasion, but when the bride's family is trying to put a stop to Bella's brother's wedding, it's anything but joyful. But things are looking up when she meets a handsome stranger on a plane. Charming, intelligent, and incredibly sexy, Edward is everything she's looking for in a man, but is he too good to be true? Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ The Perfect Stranger~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ "Don't be a stranger," Angela playfully ordered as we said our final goodbyes. I gave her one big hug before making my way inside the airport. I'd had a lovely weekend catching up with my former roommate, but now it was time to head home and return to the drama that was the build-up to my brother's wedding. It took me a few minutes, but eventually, when I'd figured out where I was meant to be going, I made my way through security and headed to the departure lounge. Getting to the gate was a harder task than I thought, as everyone seemed to be heading in the same direction. I tried to hold my ground, but when people started pushing, I'd had enough. I was about to step aside until the initial rush had died down when some idiot pushed past with no thought to anyone else around him. Caught off guard, I lost my balance. I pitched forward and would have fallen to the ground if not for the strong arms that quickly wrapped around my waist and pulled me back upright. "Hey, asshole! Watch where you're going!" a deadly voice shouted. Once I'd straightened myself out, I tentatively turned around to thank my savior, but all of my words melted away when I came face to face with the most handsome man I had ever seen. He was so tall I had to lift my face to meet his eyes. His eyelashes were uncommonly long and dark. His eyes, I decided, were the most unusual shade of green I had ever seen: the color of emeralds, flecked with gold and hazel—unmistakably unique yet strangely familiar. He was comfortably over six feet, with broad shoulders, immaculate fair skin, and the kind of perfectly chiseled features that wouldn't look out of place on the cover of GQ. And don't even get me started on his hair. It was the most unusual shade of brown, with highlights of bronze and gold running through it that no bottle of dye could ever achieve. I knew I was staring, but I couldn't seem to force myself to look away from him. Besides, I figured the dark-haired Adonis in front of me was probably used to it. And if the crooked smile that was playing on his face was anything to go by, then he knew I was blatantly checking him out. "Are you okay?" he asked, concerned. The minute he spoke, I was gone. His voice was beautiful and unique with a sexy edge to it. Swallowing, I said hoarsely, "Yes. Thank you for your help." My cheeks heated up in their tell-tale blush at being caught ogling him. "You're welcome," he spoke before he turned, presumably heading to catch his flight. Turns out, I didn't have to wait long to see the dark-haired Adonis again. I spotted him in the priority line for my flight, talking with one of the flight attendants. She was grinning from ear to ear, as enthralled by him as I'd been. Not wanting a repeat of my earlier disaster, I waited until the lounge was almost empty before making my way to the front. Though the air hostess greeted me with a practiced, friendly smile, she eyed my passport strangely—definitely longer than necessary before turning a fake smile my way. "Looks like today is your lucky day! You've been selected for an upgrade to first class." "Really?" I asked, disbelieving. Things like this never happened to me. "Yes, absolutely. This is your seat number," she said, pointing toward my ticket. "Enjoy your flight, Miss Swan!" she added brightly before turning her attention to the passenger behind me. Maybe my luck was turning around after all. Making my way onboard, I was a little overwhelmed. I felt out of place in first class, but I tried to push my self-consciousness aside. When the flight attendant offered to escort me to my seat, I waved off her offer. I felt like enough of a fraud already without having her fussing over me. When I located my seat, I noticed the guy in the seat next to me was facing the window, but there was no mistaking who he was. His hair was so distinctive I would recognize him anywhere. I hurried to put my luggage into the overhead compartment, mindful of causing a disruption. However, my bag was bulkier than I anticipated, and I was struggling to get it into the designated area when a familiar voice spoke. "Allow me," he insisted. Without waiting for my response, he took the bag from me as if it weighed nothing and effortlessly put it in place in less than ten seconds. "Hello again," he said, smiling what I could only describe as a beautifully crooked smile. "I guess we didn't really get the chance to introduce ourselves properly earlier," he added. I looked up and smiled when I saw his hand held out toward me. "I'm Edward Masen." "Bella Swan," I replied and barely stifled a sigh as his warm fingers closed around mine. "It's nice to meet you, Bella Swan." I went to remove my hand from his and was surprised when he held on to my fingers for a moment longer than necessary. Edward smiled again, and I couldn't help the blush that stained my cheeks again. I found it hard to look away from his piercing eyes, but when someone cleared their throat behind us, I quickly came back to reality. I ducked my head and sat in my seat. "Can I get you a drink, Mr. ..." I recognized the eager flight attendant from earlier. There was no denying the sickly sweet smile she had plastered on her face, but that disappeared when Edward cut her off. "That's fine," he replied, swiftly dismissing her. If she didn't look impressed before, she looked even more displeased when he turned his attention to me. "What are you drinking, Bella?" he asked. "I'll have a gin and tonic please," I said without hesitation. I needed something to calm my nerves. While I was busy ogling Edward, I'd put my anxiety to one side, but now that I was in my seat, nervously twisting my fingers in my lap, I could feel my panic rising. Once my drink arrived, I downed it in one go and heard a chuckle beside me. "Nervous flyer?" Edward guessed. "Am I that obvious?" I asked, trying to get my anxiety under control. For some reason, I didn't want to appear weak in front of this man. He was strong and clearly very important. I wasn't basing this on his fancy clothes and obvious money. The way he carried himself screamed power, and he had an air of superiority about him. "Well, it was either that or you're an alcoholic, considering the speed at which you downed that drink." He grinned a wonderfully crooked grin that did strange things to my insides. "So, Bella, what brings you to Seattle?" Edward asked after a brief moment of silence. "I'm returning home actually. I was visiting my roommate from college. She's living in Chicago now, so I was spending a long overdue weekend with her. What about you? Are you traveling home or away on business?" I asked. "A bit of both actually. My family lives not far from Seattle. I haven't been back since Christmas so it will be nice to get home to see them. But I have some business to attend to first." Although I was nervous about the flight, I quickly forgot about that with Edward sitting next to me. His very presence calmed my nerves, and he was being really sweet, keeping me talking, no doubt trying to distract me from the flight. I was so caught up in the moment that I nearly jumped out of my skin when he reached out and took my hand in his when the captain announced the plane was about to take off. My skin seemed to buzz and burn where his fingers had skimmed. We didn't speak again as the plane pulled away and taxied down the runway. It wasn't until after the seat belt sign flicked off and people had started moving around the cabin that we resumed our conversation. We chatted quietly, speaking in low tones, mindful of disturbing those around us. Normally, I was never comfortable around people I didn't know, but there was something about Edward that put me at ease instantly. As we continued to talk and get to know one another better, I learned that Edward was also twenty-six he was born and raised not far from Seattle but moved to Chicago for college, then stayed there after he graduated. In return, I told him more about my home back in Forks, which Edward recognized immediately. I told him about my father, Charlie, and my stepmother, Sue, as well as my real mom, Renee, and our frosty relationship. At first, I worried that my ordinary life would sound too boring to him, but the more I spoke, the more Edward wanted to know. He seemed genuinely interested in what I had to say, so I continued talking, telling him about my interests and hobbies and how ridiculously clumsy I was. Not only was Edward gorgeous and kind; he was charming, intelligent, and funny too. I couldn't remember the last time I'd smiled as much. Before I knew it, an hour had passed, and Edward ordered a bottle of prosecco after I'd expressed a dislike for champagne. "So what do you do for a living?" I asked, genuinely intrigued. From his manner and caring nature, I had him pegged as a doctor, maybe a vet—a caring profession. "I'm a lawyer," Edward said smoothly. "How about you?" So it turns out, he did have one major flaw, I thought dryly. Struggling to keep my expression impassive, I replied, "I'm a kindergarten teacher." "That must keep you on your toes." "They have their moments," I agreed. "But I love my job. I love making a difference." "Before they're older and corrupt," Edward teased. "Exactly!" I replied, a little puzzled by his choice of words. "So what was that about before?" he asked, looking mildly amused. "I don't know what you mean." "When I mentioned I was a lawyer, you grimaced," he said, pulling a face that made me laugh. Edward was certainly more observant than I gave him credit for. "You're