~A/N~ Ok, so I haven't been active for a very long time...years. That's on me! I've been a bit of a world traveller! I went to Ireland on a family vacation and fell in love with the country, so I've spent some time there. XD HOWEVER! I'm back! I'll be updating some stories and I'm starting this new one! I hope you like it! I also hope I don't end up screwing it up, I have no idea where I'm going with this one. XD ENJOY THIS LITTLE TASTE! ~END OF A/N~ Blood status is still a slight problem, nothing violent but enough so that the Ministry is making a last ditch attempt to be rid of it: Marriage Law. The stipulations: (1) you must marry the person chosen for you by the Ministry based on testing and personalities. (2) you must be married by the Minister of Magic (Kingsley Shacklebolt) on the date you are given. (3) the marriage will be a wizarding marriage, magically binding. (4) you will be married to the person you are matched with for exactly one year after the date you are married. If the marriage is not consummated before then, you will be rematched and the marriage null. (5) if you consummate the marriage, you will not be rematched and the marriage will be set, bound for the rest of your lives. (6) you and your spouse must live together and share a bed as any married couple would. (7) if you conceive a child within the first year, you must notify the Ministry as soon as you have the pregnancy verified by a Healer. (DRACO P.O.V.) Jan. 5, 2005. -Almost 7 years after the fall of Voldemort.- I groaned when the beaming ray of sunlight hit my eyes as I woke up. Mitzi must've, once again, opened them to wake me up. Of all the days that I would want to oversleep, today has to be the main one. It's not that I don't want this 'wedding' to happen, I don't think, it's just that I never really saw myself getting married before the age of thirty, at least. The war changed a lot, including my desire to marry and have kids. However, the Ministry seems bent on ensuring that the 'muggle-born vs pureblood' notions are finally put to rest at any cost. Hence this marriage law. Not everyone is going to be paired based purely on blood status, they're apparently playing matchmaker and pairing those they believe will work best together. Potter and Pansy have been paired, Blaise and Weaslette have been paired, and they paired me with none other than Hermione Granger. So today, in roughly five hours, I will be standing in the Minister's office with Hermione Granger. She will walk in a Granger and walk out a Malfoy. By the Gods, do I feel sorry for her. 5 Hours Later I sighed and walked into the Ministry. It was busy and bustling like it almost always was. I shook my head and walked into the lift to take me to the Minister's office. Once I exited the lift I noticed Blaise standing there with Pansy. Both gave me a small smile as I walked up to them. "She's here. And I have to say, she looks beautiful." Pansy said as she gave me a hug. I nodded and looked over her shoulder to see Granger. She was nervously picking at her nails, sitting on a bench outside the Minister's office. I sighed and pulled away from Pansy before passing her and walking up to Granger, putting my hand on hers to stop her picking. She looked up at me and gave me a small, almost sad smile. I returned it and kneeled in front of her. "Look Granger, if I could get you out of this I would. I've already tried, believe me. They won't budge. I'm sorry for that." She gave me a confused look, tilting her head to the right slightly. "What do you mean if you could get me out of this? You're in this too." I nodded and then scoffed. "Yeah, except it doesn't exactly affect me in a negative way. You're a war hero, the Brightest Witch of the Age, member of the Golden Trio, and a million other positive things. I'm Draco Malfoy. Former Death Eater, Hogwart's legendary evil student, former pureblood elitist, and well, a Malfoy. Not a lot of positives there. I have a lot of baggage, if I could spare you the weight, I would. For that I am sorry." She gave me a smile and then nodded before looking at her hands. "Your parents are probably less than thrilled you're marrying someone like me." I inwardly cringed. I knew exactly what she was referring to. I shook my head and squeezed her hand. "I don't give a shit about blood status, and neither should you. And yes, they weren't entirely thrilled at first, old habits die hard. But my mother is warming to the idea. And if Narcissa Malfoy says you are welcome, Lucius Malfoy will not question her. Trust me. Malfoy women are terrifying." I said with a chuckle. She gave me a small smile and nodded. "Oh, before I forget. Speaking of my mother, she gave me this yesterday to give to you. She picked it up from the vault over the weekend." I said as I pulled out a black leather box from my pocket. I opened it and gave it to her, her eyes went wide as she stared at the ring in the box, her left hand coming up to cover her mouth. "Malfoy, this is huge." She said in shock. I had to resist the urge to make a comment along the lines of 'it's not the only huge thing I possess'. "It's a Malfoy family ring, one of a couple actually. My father proposed to my mother with it, but she said that it wasn't her style so she went with the marquise diamond ring. She said she thought you might like this style." I said looking down at it. She was still staring at it with wide eyes. I chuckled and then shook my head. "Are you going to put it on, or shall I?" I said with my signature smirk. She looked up at me and then swallowed before looking back down at it. I just shook my head and took the box from her hands. I pulled out the emerald cut diamond engagement ring and then closed the box. She offered me her left hand and I slipped the ring on her ring finger before I gave her hand a little squeeze. She pulled her hand back and proceeded to gaze down at the ring on her finger. "Malfoy, this is really too much. This is a priceless family heirloom. I couldn't possibly accept this. I've never seen a diamond this big, at least not in person. Let alone on my own finger." I just chuckled and then sat down next to her on the bench. She was still looking at it, she hadn't taken her eyes off of it once. "Look, we may only be getting married because of this law, but we are still getting married. You're going to be a Malfoy, so technically in about fifteen minutes that ring will legally be your family heirloom. As for it's size, I actually told my mother to go with the smallest carat size." Her eyes darted up to mine and I swear they grew even larger, as if it were possible. "So, as long as we are legally married, you will be a real Malfoy, as scary as that is. The Malfoy family really doesn't need any more terrifying women. However, something tells me that you and my mother are going to be good friends. Eventually." She gave me a small smile. She was about to say something when we were told that the Minister is ready for us. We walked in, with Blaise and Pansy as our witnesses, and prepared as best we could. We stood in front of his desk and Kingsley Shacklebolt didn't waste anytime with pleasantries. He pulled out his wand and aimed it at our joined left hands. "Shall we? Draconis Lucian Abraxas Malfoy, do you hereby take, Ms. Hermione Jean Granger, to be your lawfully and magically bound wife until the start of next year or even in death you shall not part?" I took and breath and nodded before answering. "I, Draconis Lucian Abraxas Malfoy, so do." He nodded and then looked at Granger. "Hermione Jean Granger, do you hereby take, Mr. Draconis Lucian Abraxas Malfoy, to be your lawfully and magically bound husband until the start of next year or even in death you shall not part?" I could hear her heart about ready to beat out of her chest but she nodded. "I, Hermione Jean Granger, so do." Kingsley nodded. "Now, if you have rings please exchange them." He said. I saw her pull out a plain silver wedding band and slip it on my finger. I smirked when I realized she had spelled it so that it would fit perfectly to my size. I then pulled out a diamond band and slipped it onto her finger. It matched her engagement ring. She gave me a look of shock before masking it and turning back to Kingsley. "By the power vested in me, as the Minister for Magic, I pronounce you magically bound husband and wife. You may kiss the bride." He said looking at me. I just looked at Granger as if to ask permission and she gave me a slight nod. We both leaned in and our lips connected. It was soft and quick. A simple peck. He nodded and then the blue light coming from his wand dissolved into our rings. "Now, I need you both to sign this and also, Hermione you will have to decide what your last name is going to be. We would suggest Hermione Jean Malfoy." I looked at her and could practically smell the worry rolling off of her. "You can hyphenate, Granger. It doesn't simply have to be Malfoy." I said hoping to ease her worry. She nodded at me and gave me a small smile, it did help ease her worry. She wrote her new name for the first time, Hermione Jean Granger-Malfoy. We both signed and then left the office with Blaise and Pansy in tow. "Well, congratulations to the new Mr. and Mrs. Malfoy." Pansy said as we walked out. I gave Blaise a hug and then Pansy, who also hugged Granger. They left and Granger and I made our way out of the Ministry. Once outside I stopped her. "There is one thing I wanted to talk to you about, living arrangements. I live, well own and live, in the Manor. And while it looks nothing like it used to, I can understand it if you didn't want to live there." She looked at me for a moment and then sighed. "While I practically break out in hives thinking of it, the Manor itself didn't hurt me so I have nothing to be afraid of. And I would hate to uproot your life. I am currently living in a small flat with Ginny and she keeps blabbering on about Zabini Manor. So, in a few days I'll be living on my own anyhow." She said fidgeting with her fingers. I nodded slightly. "This may be a ridiculous question, but did you read over the stipulations for the marriage?" She sighed and nodded. "Once married we must live together, we are to be married for a year unless we consummate the marriage. If we do, then we will not be rematched after the year is up and it will be a true wizarding marriage. Also, if we consummate the marriage and I become pregnant, we have to report it to the Ministry as soon as