Flashback… ' I walked into Prof. Snape's classroom and took a seat at the first desk, waiting for him to come out of his office. All of my things were set neatly on the desk in front of me. I had missed part of the class, Headmaster Dumbledore had pulled me into his office to ask me how Harry was doing. By the time I had returned to class, it was almost time to leave and Prof. Snape asked me to come back at the end of the day before dinner to receive my project topic and find out who my partner was. After a few minutes, the classroom door opened. I turned to see who it was and rolled my eyes, it was Malfoy. He walked, more appropriately: strutted, in the classroom and placed his books on the desk across the aisle from where I sat. I did notice, that they were neatly arranged and alphebetized, 'A' on top and then a 'E' on the bottom. I turned and faced the front of the class, glancing down at my books every once in awhile. I was praying that Prof. Snape would be here soon. My prayers were answered. Ten minutes after Malfoy had walked in, Prof. Snape walked in and sat a piece of parchment down in front of each of us. He then stood in front of us and sighed. " You two will be partnering on this project. I don't want to hear any whining. Just get the work done. All the other student's chose the times that they would be using the classroom, so the only time left will be after dinner. You both will be in here at eight o'clock sharp, with everything you will need, and you will work till the time you have to leave. No name calling, no arguing, no bickering. Understand?" He said, glancing in between us. I sighed and nodded. " Yes, Professor." I said before looking down at the parchment. We were going to be doing a project on the Polyjuice Potion. I bit my lip and then sighed. My last run in with this particular potion did not end well for me. I looked over and saw Malfoy reading his parchment with a smirk. This was going to be horrible.' End Flashback… -2006- I sat there, at the window of my home, looking out over the fields, listening to the rain and the animals. For some reason, for the past month, all I've been able to think about is the time in fifth year when Malfoy and I were paired to work on a potion's project together. I wish I knew why it kept coming to mind, but I couldn't figure it out. Perhaps it was because that was the first time in five years I could talk to someone without having to use plain and simple words. I could talk to someone who understood some of the more complex sides of potion's. Not only potion's, but many other subjects as well. It was like a breath of fresh air. Flashback… ' I walked into the potion's classroom, thinking I was going to be early, but as soon as I walked in, I saw Malfoy sitting there reading a textbook that came from the restricted section in the library. I walked up and sat my books down next to his. " Malfoy, what are you doing with that book? If Snape sees you, you're going to be in trouble for the rest of the year." I said in a hushed voice. He rolled his eyes at me and smirked. " Relax, Granger. Snape is in a meeting with some of the other Professor's. He won't be back till late, if he comes back at all." I furrowed my brow and then sat down. He hadn't insulted me once. And he had three sentences to do it. " So, where would you like to begin?" I said pulling out a spare piece of parchment and a quill. " Well, history of the potion. Then we can move along to it's name, ingredients, level, uses, and all that." He said not looking up from the book and again, not insulting me. " I've done a lot of research of this potion, I've never found any written history about it." I was about to continue when he lifted up the book he was reading and showed me the cover. 'Potion's Lore and Stories.' " Way ahead of you, Granger. Since neither of us can find any real proven history, we can find the most sensible legend's and use that." He said before flipping the back. I nodded at him then took a deep breath, letting it out slowly. He chuckled. " What?" I asked as I opened my textbook to the section about Polyjuice Potion." He smirked. " You're afraid of me." He said with a chuckle. I rolled my eyes. " No I'm not." I said before flipping the page to the information about the potion's name. " You are. But in here, for right now, you don't have to be, Granger. As long as we are partners on this project, it's a truce." ' End Flashback... I shook my head and then paid for my tea, before leaving the cafe and heading to Flourish and Blotts to look for a new book that had just been released. Back then, I was so suspicious of Malfoy. I thought there was no way he could've meant it when he said it was a truce. But he did. For over a month, the entire duration of the project, he was civil with me. And to my surprise, I was with him as well. We talked from the moment we arrived in the classroom, to the moment we left. We never ran out of this to discuss. I found out then just how truly smart the arse called Draco Malfoy really was. And there were many times after it ended that I'd wished I could have that again. Someone who, in a way, spoke the same language that I did. To this day, I miss it. Being able to talk about obscure subjects that most wouldn't understand. I sighed, missing being able to truly have a deep discussion about random facts, and walked into Flourish and Blotts. Flashback… ' " Wait, you're telling me that you brewed this in second year AND when you did, you turned yourself into a cat?" Malfoy said with a laugh as he stirred the lacewing flies. I chuckled and nodded. " Yes, okay? Yes, I did. I didn't know I had plucked a cat hair of the person's robes. Not until I had already turned into part cat-part person." He laughed, and I have to admit, it is not a bad sound. I chuckled and began writing down some more information he had found the other night. " So, who exactly were you trying to turn yourself into?" He asked looking over at me. I shook my head. " Maybe one day I'll tell you, but today is not that day." He just rolled his eyes and shook his head. " Ok, so, we have to decide who we are going to use the potion on and who they're going to turn into." He said as he stopped stirring the potion and sat down next to me. I bit my lip and thought for a moment. " We could always turn Ron into Millicent Bulstrode or something equally horrifying." I said as I tapped my quill on the piece of parchment. I looked over at him and he had a disgusted look on his face. " Oh thank Merlin. So, it's not just the other houses who think that girl is from another universe." I said with a sigh of relief. He scoffed. " Have you seen the broad? That's a face not even a mother could love." I smacked his arm. " That's a bit harsh, don't you think?" I said with a raised eyebrow. He scoffed again and shook his head. " No, not at all. Harsh would be saying that I hope she's mauled to death by a hippogriff and then brought back only to be blessed by a priest and then blown up." I smacked his arm again, only this time he caught my hand. " Come on, you've gotta admit you've thought the same thing. You're not as cute and sweet as you appear on the outside, Granger. My nose can attest to that." He said with a smirk. I tried to suppress a grin, but couldn't. And we both began laughing.' End Flashback... I sighed as I looked through the books with a grin on my face. Malfoy had a point. I can be the nicest person you'd ever meet, but if it really comes down to it, I can be quite mean. I ran my hand over a few spines of books before my fingers landed on the new one I had been waiting for. I pulled it out and began flipping through the pages. Skimming through and looking at all the hand drawn depictions of newly discovered wildlife, magical creatures, and magical beings. I was lost in the book when I heard a familiar voice. "Well, if it isn't the infamous Hermione Granger, spending her Saturday afternoon in a bookshop." I turned and saw Malfoy standing there with a copy of the same book I was looking at. "Malfoy, surprised to see you here." I said facing him. He shrugged and nodded. "Yeah, I don't get out much these days. The war ended eight years ago, but some of us aren't really that welcome in society yet." He said with a chuckle. I nodded. "Yeah, I guess that would be a reason not to mosey around Diagon Alley. So, how've you been?" I asked, trying to polite. He nodded slowly and shrugged. "Better, I'm not cooped up in the house as much anymore. How have you been?" I chuckled. "Well, I'm finally back on my feet. I see you're still as much of a bookworm as I am." I said gesturing the book he had in his hand. He nodded. "Yeah, and yet I still haven't read every book in the library at home. Did you hear that they are going to have a VIP tour of places that some of the newly discovered creatures live?" I smiled widely and nodded. "Yes, I have been chatting Ginny's ear off about it for a month. I'd love to go, but they're asking ten thousand galleons per ticket." I said with a scoff. He chuckled and nodded. "Well, I can have a ticket for you in about three hours if you'd like one." I raised my eyebrows. "Malfoy, I can't ask you to spend ten thousand galleons for me. I wouldn't even let Harry do that." He chuckled and shook his head. "I don't need to spend ten thousand galleons, not that it would be that big of a deal, but I happen to own the land that one of the lakes is on. I get tickets for free." I raised my eyebrows, they about hit my hairline. "In that case, yes. I would love a ticket." He chuckled and nodded. We both made our way to the checkout counter and I went up first, at Malfoy's insisting. I was going to pay, but Malfoy beat me to it. He then paid for his. "Here you go, Malfoy." Mr. Abram said as he handed Malfoy his wand. My brow's furrowed slightly. "Thank you, Mr. Abram. Have a nice day." Malfoy said with a nod. Mr. Abram, who is the nicest man you'll ever meet, just gave him a curt nod. "Thank you, Mr. Abram. See you next week." I said with a wave. He smiled at me and waved back. "You're most welcome, Ms. Granger. See you then." My brow furrowed as we walked out of the shop. "What was that