So I never read Twilight lol I just woke up this morning and I wanted to write this. I didn't want to spend too much time on it so I just wrote it up and left it as is. The imperfections and timeline screw-ups will remain. I didn't proof read and such, so meh. There will not be anymore of this. I just felt a strange urge and had to get it out. Jacob raced across the forest, listening to his paws thud against the damp ground. How could Bella want this? How could she just throw away her life to him ? The wolf pushed harder, closing his eyes. Jacob knew that Bella loved the leech, he couldn't help falling for her more when it looked like she was in it too. Clearly he was the rebound. That thought made him come to a complete stop. He was the rebound. How could she do this to him? They may not have been lovers, but they were pretty damn close. His growl cut through the forest, echoing off the trees; his heart twisting painfully. It doesn't matter what she did to him because he will always love her. Jacob looked around to try and catch his bearings. He wasn't in La Push anymore. Hell, he isn't even in the states anymore. He could feel the intense weather change from cold to colder. Not that the cold bothered him any. He began moving forward again, not willing to turn around. He needed space for a while. Even if it meant hurting his dad. His dad would understand. Hearing water crashing on rocks, Jacob headed toward the smell of salty sea air. The trees became sparse and the damp muddy ground turned to sand. There was a small alcove big enough for his wolf form and several surrounding rocks, almost looking like chairs. The wolf trotted up to the alcove and phased back into his human self. Shrugging at his nudity, Jacob laid down on the cold stone. It was far too cold for a human to go to the beach, much less a windy alcove. Jacob closed his eyes and breathed in the salty air, remembering Bella's scent. She smelled sweet. Just sweet. If he was honest to himself, he would say that her scent was almost too sweet. That didn't matter anymore since she was going to turn into a bloodsucking leech who all smell sickly sweet and metallic. Like bleach. Letting out a breath, Jacob forced his thoughts elsewhere. He realized long ago that he shouldn't love Bella because he didn't imprint on her. His imprint is somewhere out there, without him. Once upon a time, Jacob would have fought the imprint just so he could love and be with Bella forever. Right now, however, Jacob felt like the imprint could only help matters. The imprint could take away this heartache and rejection. Or so he hoped. He has seen what his brothers felt once they imprinted, but he wasn't so sure. Sam still loved Leah after all this time. It makes you wonder why the Spirits gave such a shitty hand to her. Jacob could relate to Leah on a more personal level now that he knows what it feels like to have your whole world ripped to pieces. He may not have been as far as Leah in his relationship with Bella as she was with Sam, but he knew that he loved Bella with every ounce of his being. Maybe the imprint is faulty, like Leah said. What if his imprint was dead or already married? What if is imprint was too young, like Claire? Jacobs thoughts bounced around in his head, he couldn't think straight, much less form an opinion about imprinting. In his heart, he knew that Bella was it. He may not have imprinted on her, but he felt bound to her in someway. Tied together by fate. Jacob rubbed his hands across his face and pressed his palms into his eyes and growled. He needed to sleep. Sleep the rest of the night and wake up tomorrow with a game plan. Taking his own advice, Jacob turned to his side and tried to get comfortable. He hasn't had a proper sleep in weeks. Closing his eyes tighter, Jacob felt himself slowly slipping away in slumber. Several hours later, Jacob awoke to the sound of shuffling. Furrowing his brows, he opened his eyes and shielded them with his arm, the bright sunlight irritating them. He heard crunching leaves as well as a heart beat and little puffs of air as the person walked towards the alcove, towards him. It was at that point that he realized he was not wearing clothes and was completely bare to the world, stretched out on the rocks without a care. Sighing, Jacob sat up and waiting for the gasp, the surprise, the look of terror for finding a man naked in the alcove. Instead of all that, he saw a young girl, almost a woman, walking with her eyes closed. Had she seen him already? She wasn't blushing and he heartbeat hadn't changed. Jacob noticed the case she was handling carefully. Weird reaction aside, Jacob felt the need to explain himself. The heartache and the lack of sleep depriving him of a sense of danger. "I can explain." His deep voice echoed on all the walls of the cave. His voice had not been used in weeks. It cracked and sounded rough and indistinguishable in his own ears. As he spoke this words, he heard the girls heartbeat increase and her hand flew up to her chest, as if to slow it down. The hand holding the case gripped the handle tighter. She opened her mouth, as if to speak but no words came out. Jacob watched her, confused. Her heart was still beating irrationally and felt bad for upsetting her, "I'm sorry. I just thought that..." He trailed off. She turned to face a cave wall, where she thought he was since the voice sounded the loudest there, "Um, it's... It's okay." She let out a breath, "Are you waiting for someone here?" Jacob shook his head lightly and placed his elbows on his knees and robbed his face in his hands, "No." He said softly. After adjusting himself and crossing his legs, he put his arms over his lower half so she could at least open her eyes, "I am covered now. You can go ahead and open your eyes." He watched her face mold into confusion, "I'm sorry, I don't think I understand. Are you... Do you need clothes?" Jacob scoffed, "Listen, I do have an explanation as to why in naked and sleeping in this alcove. You don't need to pretend you didn't see me." The girl laughed, not unkindly, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to laugh. I had no idea you were in here. Naked." She laughed again, "I'm blind, you see." She gave a smile in the direction she thought he was in, "But I would like to hear your explanation as to why you're naked." Blind. The girl was blind. Jacob felt a twinge in his heart, feeling bad for making the girl bring it up. Feeling a strange sense of obligation to tell this girl everything, Jacob did just that. He watched her face go through a myriad of emotions as he went through every detail, leaving nothing out. Even divulging his own heartache. Once he finished, he watched the girl turn towards the see and take a deep breath. He knew that if she screamed or called for help he could get away quickly. Because she was blind this gave him a major advantage. Who would believe a blind girl that a strange naked man told her he was a wolf and vampires were real? "Well, that's tragic. I'm sorry that you had to go through something like that." He voice muffled by the waves crashing ashore, "I did bring something that often cheers me up when I'm feeling low. Would you care to stay and listen?" Jacob laughed a deep laugh. It bounced off the walls and the look on her face made him laugh harder, "You believe me? I mean, I just told you that I change into a giant wolf and vampires are real. You aren't afraid?" The girl turned to face his direction, "Being blind it's easy to pick up hitches and uncertainties and lies in a voice. Either you're a really good liar or you really believe this is real. Since I pride myself an excellent listener, I think you believe what you're telling me to be true. Add the fact that your voice showed signs of love and heartbreak when speaking about your love and her boyfriend, I came up with the conclusion that you're telling the truth. You sounded really emotional when telling the story of her turning into one of them." Jacob's smile dropped, "I would like to listen." was all he said. The girl smiled, "Of course." She placed the case down on a rock and opened it. She pulled out a beautiful violin, "I often play with this particular violin when I'm feeling blue. I'm glade I brought this one." She said unnecessarily. Moving into position, the girl began to play. Jacob laid back down and put his arms behind his head closing his eyes, he let the sad tune wash over him. Soon, he felt like all his negative emotions melt away into the breeze and out of his life. Snorting softly to himself, Jacob began to wonder when he started to sound like such a fruit loop. Not taking her playing for granted, Jacob stopped all thoughts and began to listen. As he listened, he felt the hours turn to days and they days turn to weeks and the weeks turn to months. On the fifth month since he sound himself at this cove, he felt that he was ready to return back to his pack. He stood up from his usual spot on the floor and waded out into the clear, blue sea. After rubbing himself down with his hands, he walked back to shore. He looked toward the forest line and watched as the girl walked softly to their alcove. He didn't learn much about her. Only that she was an amazing violin player and that she loved music. He didn't even get a name other than her request to call her 'Odd.' As she reached their alcove, she sat down on a rock and waited for Jacob to return. He always made it a point to make noise in the cave when she arrived to let her know he was there. as he made it to shore and to their alcove, little droplets echoed on the walls. "You're planning on leaving, aren't you?" Odd asked softly, a sad smile on her face. Jacob swallowed, "Yeah. I felt that it was time I go back to La Push. I have matters that I need to fix. Look, I..." He trailed off, much like when he first met her. Odd nodded, she knew what he was trying to tell her. She was so smart and Jacob felt a pang and bit his tongue when he heard her heart stutter, "I'm glad I could help you find your center. I knew you were planning on leaving soon so I brought this." She held out a package to him. Jacob grabbed the small package from her, finally looking at her and studying her. She was small, petite; only coming up to his chest when she was fully standing. She mainly wore white shirts and blue jeans; she once told him that it was easier for her since she won't have to worry about mismatching clothes. Her body was curvy and her hair was a bright curly red. He had yet to see her eyes, but he didn't want to ask feeling that it was too private for