Disclaimer : I do not claim ownership to any works of the Tolkien Enterprise, New Line Cinema, Sir Peter Jackson, or W.B. Yeats. Original characters (OCs) that are found in this work are asked to respectfully be used only with the author's permission. Reference websites used for translation and literary references will be listed at the end of this work. Alright, now that all the legal BS is taken care of… I have been trying to work on a separate multi-chapter piece, but the time and effort I take putting into it consumes more than I have. This is mostly because my style of writing (a Tolkien-related piece) works best when I am informed on what I use from Tolkien's works: dates, names, places, events, customs, histories, languages, etc. So, I decided to write a one-shot with a healthy dose of Tolkien canon, PJ movie-verse, and throw in the rest from my own ridiculous imagination. That should be quick, easy, right? Aaand this is what happened. I make things way more complicated than they have to be. Lastly, I want to say that if/when the aforementioned story gets posted that this one-shot is not necessarily a foreshadowing of the outcome in that story. Happy reading! Beneath the Trees Before the Black Gates of Mordor the Prince of the Woodland Realm was a sight to behold. Legolas' long white knives spun and dealt quick, seemingly effortless strikes that delivered death instantly to the enemy. He moved through the horde of orcs, goblins, and all manner of dark creatures spawned in the fell dark place beyond those gates with frightening speed and lethal grace. The elf's silver-blonde hair gleamed with his blades that caught in the few shafts of sunlight that dared to pierce through the dark clouds overhead; they were as few and far between as the hopes of the Men that he fought with. The eyes of the Sindar prince, an icy and depthless blue, began to search the masses for his companions. Gimli he found, as well as heard, easily enough. The irritating dwarf he had come to call a friend was gleefully hacking down and hewing away at the orcs, and Legolas could distinctly hear him keeping count of his fallen enemies, even over the overwhelming clash of steel and shield. The hobbit Pippin was fighting valiantly under the watchful eye of Mithrandir and numerous other Gondorian and Rohirric soldiers. The perian was without his dearest friend, Merry, who was recovering in Minas Tirith having aided the Lady Eowyn in the destruction of the Witchking of Angmar. The courage of the halflings was beyond measure. Foolhardy though Tooks and Brandybucks may be at times, their loyalty to each other and to the company was unwavering. The roar of a great troll-like beast drew Legolas' attention and he watched in growing fear as a mighty armor-clad Olog-hai charged toward the heir of Isildur with a heavy, spiked mace held aloft and a broad, crude blade swinging wildly. Legolas' fear turned to panic when, after meeting the creature blow for blow, Aragorn was struck hard and fell to the ground in a cloud of ash and dust. Before the man could regain his bearings, the massive foot of the Olog-hai was bearing down upon Aragorn's chest, threatening to crush his ribs and break his body entirely. The elf could only fight on with more ferocity as he became surrounded by the host of Mordor. Legolas tried and failed to break through the line of orcs that separated him from Aragorn and the Gondorian soldiers he led, but to no avail. The Easterlings maintained their assault on the left flank of the Army of Men which Legolas and Gimli had sought to push back until the elf saw the oncoming danger that threatened Aragorn and attempted to aid him. The wail of the Olog-hai rent the air, and Legolas was relieved to see it stumbling backward having been injured just enough to allow Aragorn to roll to his feet and stand before the creature with Anduril's blade gleaming like a beacon from his hands. The man stood battered and bruised, but his spirit and strength of will unbroken. A great trembling began in the earth. Legolas' movements became less fluid as he found it harder to maintain his balance while the ground shook. The Easterlings and Harad he fought against were not like the orcs; they were skilled warriors who trained and excelled in combat. They did not have the excuse of being mindless dark servants as they had chosen to side with Sauron and willingly killed for his cause. All eyes turned to the tower of Bara-Dûr as an almighty cracking was heard, followed swiftly by the tower's collapse. Legolas' joy at the disappearance of the Great Eye and the downfall of Sauron at last from the destruction of the One Ring was short-lived. Mount Doom erupted in an inferno of fire, ash, and molten rock raining death and ruin from the sky. His heart wept at the thought of the two brave perrianath , Frodo and Sam, suffering such a horrific death after having labored to achieve the ultimate task to save all of Arda. Time seemed to move slowly then for it seemed that even with the defeat of Sauron their task to vanquish evil was not yet done. Whilst Mithrandir and the Eagles took flight in the hope to rescue Frodo and Sam, the Army of Men still found themselves dealing with the remaining host of orcs, Easterlings, and Harad who had chosen not to flee. All the orcs and dark creatures were slain, but those Easterlings and Harad that laid down their arms would be pardoned. Many, however, chose to fight to the death. The Easterlings, knowing they were defeated, fought more fiercely and maliciously than before. Their attacks were deadly and dangerous, stemming from fear and anger. They fought now out of desperation; they had abandoned all sense of morality and honor seeking to spill as much of their enemy's blood as they could no matter how brutal the act was. Upon seeing the Easterling's vicious tactics that were akin to a predator playing with its food before finally ending its misery, Legolas felt his blood begin to rage anew at the thought of entering the fray again. He spun his twin knives in hand, surveying the number of enemies before him that he would surely add his own count. Elves did not relish in the spilling of blood, but it would give him some small measure of peace to know he had brought justice to these dark men with his blades and perhaps in some way avenged the many fallen. The elf had only just been pushing off the balls of his soft-booted feet when he nearly collided with the dwarf who stepped purposefully in front of him to block his path, setting his axe before him with a dull 'thump'. Legolas leveled the dwarf with glare at having been prevented from attacking. "What is so pressing that it would cause you to turn away from the axe work that is sorely needed here to the defeat of these dark men?" Gimli seemed to be reluctant to divulge whatever words had been passed to him – as though he was uncertain of whether or not he should believe them himself. The dwarf grumbled to himself, becoming more and more uncomfortable under the frosty stare of the elf. It was no great wonder as to why; Legolas had spent hundreds of years watching his king-father give the very same glare to many and thus had begun to mimic it. "Gimli!" Legolas snapped in an uncharacteristically clipped tone. "What have you to tell me, friend?" "I feared I would be left to bring you this uncertain news. I had thought another soldier would have stopped and relayed these words, but likely as not this is the first time since we charged the Black Gate that you have stood still for more than five seconds," Gimli muttered while tapping his great, gloved fingers against the wide blade of his axe. Legolas pursed his lips in mild annoyance. "What have I not been told, Gimli? Pray, speak quickly! For if it is as you say then this news has been much delayed." "Aye, laddie, I'll not keep it from you. I warn you though, remember that it came to me from other soldiers whose words and eyes I cannot fully trust." Gimli gave him a meaningful look that showed his obvious wariness and discomfort. "Now, I have not seen the woman they spoke of myself. A Gondorian said he was certain that you knew her, telling me he had seen you welcome her as one from your realm when we first went into the White city." Gimli's expression turned grim. "They claim to have seen her in the ranks, Legolas; they spoke of one with golden hair and eyes as dark as a starless night." Legolas' heart had begun to race, beating faster with every word the dwarf had spoken. Emotions that he held so carefully in check were suddenly overwhelming him: fear, despair, panic, and anger. He fought to regain his focus and control, forcing himself to take deep breaths despite the smoky air as his knuckles turned white on the handles of his knives. It cannot possibly be true , he tried to reassure his racing thoughts. Surely the years she has spent living in the dark forest of Mirkwood taught her to have some sense of self-preservation? With the Woodland Realm having been turned into a perilous forest full of dangerous creatures, Legolas had taken charge of training her to ensure that her skills and abilities would be unquestionable. And during that time, he never granted her any special privileges or exceptions; she was trained as though she were any other elf that wanted to be counted among the realm's Guard. Legolas remembered an entire year of physical work to build her stamina and strength, lessons and training with various weapons, and even training to defend herself with no weapons at all. A whole year had passed before he was satisfied with her progress to the point she was allowed to accompany other members of the Guard. Truth be told, Legolas would have seen her trained and tested properly after fifty years, as was customary. But her mortal years would never allow him that luxury. Yes, the Lady Amdirvel knew all too well how dangerous the world was. However, Amdirvel feared losing the one who had given her so much in the world when all she had known before their meeting was as darkness to her, far more than any fear she held for dark creatures or other perils of the world. She hid her pain from him when they had spoken their parting words to each other in Minas Tirith. At least, she had tried to. She had never succeeded in hiding anything from him as he had always been able to see the truth in her eyes. Painful though it was, she had turned her face as they drew away from their farewell embrace. Amdirvel would never forgive herself – could never live with the knowledge that she had remained safely behind in the White City to act as an emissary of the Woodland Realm while Legolas rode to the Last Battle that would likely claim his life. And so, disobeying his wishes entirely, she followed the Army of Men discreetly garbed as one of Prince Imrahil's guards. It was not too difficult as many of the Ranger of Ithilien who had joined the soldiers had builds that were much leaner, and less broad. Though, Amdirvel could do nothing to make up for her difference in height compared to the men around her. The majority were at least a half foot taller than her. However, she knew from her training that to be small allowed for quick, stealthy movements that made her enemy