Day 1 Last year, my best friend Volt was reaped for the 73rd Hunger Games. When he died of exposure to the icy cold air during the night of the 9th day, I died too, hearing his cannon fire. I cried until I had no tears left. I cannot describe how I felt for months afterwards. It was like I forgot how to live. Everything was always so numb and empty. Sometimes I turned around to tell him something only to find no-one next to me. After Volt's body was returned in a pine box the boy from District 1 went on to win. He was still wearing his token around his cold, white, stiff neck. It was the small piece of cobalt I had given him for his birthday one year, no larger than a marble. I had managed to steal it one day after my shift at one of District 5's refineries. The Gamemakers had interviewed me about his token when he reached the top eight. Volt had explained its symbolism during his interview, but they had wanted me to elaborate. "My name is Alyssa Cobalt," I had told them. "It was a birthday present. I gave him it to remind him of me when we're apart." Volt didn't die at the hands of a tribute or muttation. That's really the only thing that gives me any sense of peace. He died with whatever dignity he had left, defying to let the Capitol cheer at the sight of his blood. That's what I think he had hoped for anyways. Nowadays, I don't have many friends. Today is Reaping Day. Like the rest of Panem, I only managed to fall asleep in the early hours of the morning, but now that the light gleams through the small window above my bed, the dread sinks back into my stomach, like clay or cement. Don't get me wrong, I'm not scared of Reaping Day anymore. There's not much left in the world that can make me feel. What's making me feel sick are the constant reminders of that horrendous last year. All my regrets. Things that I never got to tell Volt. Death is promised for us all, sooner or later. It is an unavoidable fate. I used to be scared of death and what lies beyond, but now, like Reaping Day, I'm not. If I'm reaped, the best that I can hope for is that I die like Volt. Noiseless and bloodless and painless. I often wonder about Volt's stolen years. I try to picture him grown up, as a man. Would he have a wife and family to come home to each day? Sometimes I picture him as an old man, with paper-white hair, deep wrinkles and the toothiest of smiles. I think of everything he will never be able to do. District 5 may be the third wealthiest district, but no-one ever lives past sixty. It's the pollution from the power that we generate. The chemical pollution causes horrific tumors and cancers to appear in many people by the time they're in their mid-fifties. And waste products sometimes leak into the water, so poisoning is a relatively common fate. They've got to chlorinate the water so that we don't get too sick and filter it for heavy metals and other toxins. The whole district stinks of oil too. I usually work in the refineries, fixing machines after school. The mayor picked me especially for this because I do well in school, plus I'm small enough to get into the hard to reach areas and I'm handy with tools. Yet that means that I'm usually covered in oil. I've never had a problem with money. My parents died in a refinery accident when I was five. There were no bodies to bury. I was given a compensation for the death of my parents by Mayor Tesla and then shipped off to an orphanage. By then I also had what was left of my parent's money. I wasn't in the orphanage for long, just a week or so. Volt's mother wanted a daughter badly, but her work at one of the nuclear power plants had left her barren. They took me home and clothed me, fed me and tucked me into bed each night for ten years. I gave as much as I could. I made sure that there was always enough money so that Volt and I would never have to sign up for tesserae. Volt's mother enters my room. Her trembling hands are carrying a tray filled with food. A bowl of hot porridge and honey, a roll and a mug of steaming tea. I sit up in my bed. "It's Reaping Day. I thought that it might be nice for you to have something special." A tear slides down her withered cheek. At one point this would have made me cry too. She gives me a wet kiss on my forehead and sets the tray on my lap. "I'll get you your dress." She leaves just in time before I hear the sound of stifled sobbing. I eat in silence, trying to block out the world around me. I do this often. Volt and I used to have silent conversations, enjoying each other's company without speaking. I'm full for once, but the only thing that I can think about is how much this must have cost her. Volt's father is in District 3, repairing some power lines. He won't be back until the end of the month. I've already said my goodbyes to him. Volt's mother returns with my reaping dress. It is the only thing left of my mother. It was once probably very a beautiful cornflower blue colour, but now it's faded, frayed and a bit too small for me. "We'll get you a new one next year," she says. Volt's mother pours me a hot bath and sprinkles a few lavender petals into the steamy water – a rare but welcome gesture. I soak until the water turns cold, then comb my long, sleek, deep red hair and arrange it into a thin braid that frames my pointy face, long, sharp, snout-like nose and large amber eyes nicely. As a finishing touch I put on the necklace with the agate lightning bolt that Volt gave me in return for the one that I gave him. He carved it himself. "You wanna talk?" Volt's mother asks but she already knows the answer. Instead we sit and stare at the clock in the kitchen until it's 11:30. Even though the Reaping doesn't actually start until 12:15, it would be prudent to be early. We walk hand-in hand through the narrow streets. Volt's house is located close to District 5's huge dam. It's popular with suicide jumpers. I spent a lot of time there when Volt died. The town square looms into view. Behind it you can see the massive, hourglass-shaped structures of the nuclear plant, white smoke puffing out. There are already people here and more filing in. Intimidating Peacekeepers roam the area, their fingers wrapped tentatively around their batons. I give Volt's mother one last squeeze, then I'm ushered to a station where a woman pricks my finger with a needle and takes a sample of my blood. I don't feel the pain. "Next please," she calls and lets me past. I wait in line for the Reaping to start, forcing my breathing to slow. My palms secrete sweat. Claustrophobia sets in with everyone crowding around me. The minutes pass by slowly. Five. Ten. Fifteen. My eyes dart to the reaping bowls. In the girl's one, my name has been entered 15 times. Alyssa Cobalt. My tokens to death. I'm pretty well off as things go, after all, there are others who don't have a choice but to sign up for tesserae. The girl who was reaped the year before last had seven siblings. She took tesserae for each of them every year up until she was reaped. I hate the word reaped. It makes us sound like we belong to someone. Once everyone has arrived, the District 5 escort, Florentina Levis, emerges from the Justice Building. For these Games she's wearing a spiny, spiky, porcupine-like lime green dress and a painfully bright pink feather boa. Her aquamarine hair is styled to represent a thousand bolts of lightning sparking everywhere and to make matters worse, she has a huge hat with peacock and flamingo feathers balanced on her head that bounces and jiggles every time she totters forward with her tiny feet. Mayor Tesla, his wife and District 5's five living victors take their place on the platform behind Florentina. "Good afternoon, District 5! May the Odds be Ever in Your Favour! I'm delighted to be here this glorious afternoon!" You can tell she isn't. She's barely covering up her revulsion and it's only for the cameras. If Volt had won last year, she would probably have been promoted to a Career district. I bet that she'll be pretty unpleasant towards the poor kids who get reaped. But she's definitely had worse districts. I heard that she used to escort District 10 but got bumped up after they won a decade or so ago. And as far as districts go, 5 isn't the worst. We're no Careers, but we've definitely had more than our fair share of victors and wealth compared to the others. Florentina Levis wrinkles her nose at the ever-existent smell of chlorine, petrol and bromine and continues her speech. "I know you're all excited to find out who will be competing in this year's Games, but first I invite you to focus your attention on the screen here as we watch this very special film about our great nation's noble history!" She turns and gestures to a large screen that has been put in place by the Peacekeepers. The film begins to play, reminding us of the eternal punishment for the uprising and the signing of Treaty of Treason. They show us the same film every year so I usually would just tune it out, but this year is different. As I watch the footage, I am reminded of Volt. This is what he died for. The film calls his death 'a sacrifice for the greater good of Panem' but this is a lie. There is no greater good. There is only the murder of the innocent. The film finishes grandly and Florentina bounces up to the microphone again. Her hat threatens to fly off and she has to keep it in place with one of her hands. "Well then, I suppose that there's no point drawing things out any longer. Let us begin, ladies and gentlemen. The honorable and courageous young lady who will represent District 5 is…" Florentina reaches her jewel encrusted-hand into the girl's bowl. You can hear everyone holding their breath. "Alyssa Cobalt!" My name rings out across the square, echoing in the silence. A whoosh of sighs resonates from everyone but me. My mind is flat and white like a blank piece of paper. A woman's scream pierces the air like a knife, right into my gut. I block Volt's mother from my thoughts. If I think about her, I know I will break down. People stare at me as I move one foot after the other up to the stage. I'm be following almost literally in Volt's footsteps. I wonder if the Capitol will recognize me from the interview. They probably had this whole thing rigged. Yes, that must be it. It was rigged… I step quietly, slowly up to Florentina while she calls for volunteers. Any? Of course not. I am nobody. Eventually I reach the platform and turn on the spot to stare at the entire population of District 5. Suddenly I feel queasy and my head spins. I can't stand crowds. Everyone's eyes are stapled upon me. "Congratulations darling," Florentina whispers. She smells like fake flowers and the dirty odour of make-up. "Let's