-PROLOGUE- "We can live for a long time Bella, but don't ever mistake it for immortality. You've seen too many vampires killed to know that 'forever' does not exist." Jasper had told me that a thousand years ago. Back when we were all together and going by the name 'Cullen'. Back when we were still using 'last names'. It is one of the few memories I was able to retain of him from my human life. The words had stayed with me even after my violent change. But I am wiser and know now that they weren't entirely accurate. Because now, it seem his words would hold true to all... except for myself, and those made of my kind. We… would endure. But as it stands now, my first full millennium of life would be celebrated later today. Edward had busied himself for the entirety of a year trying to surprise me. But I'm in his mind and soul as much as he is in mine. So the effort was hardly worth it. But I would suffer his attempts at secrecy, and play ignorant, if only to keep him happy. I would suffer all, to do that. I myself created a spectacle for him a century ago, and since we were so well thought of, I was able to easily invite and convince over five thousand guest to attend; who were each significant to us in their own way. So it's only fair that I let him try to top that. Still, a thousand years… It should feel momentous, but it feels no different than any other day. It was just time. Time given name; … thousand… and without out that distinction, it held no significance, in mind or spirit. Something else I learned and was grateful for. I knew now that I could literally endure every day of forever, and it will always feel like my first, with the only exception being the memories I carry. They remind me that so much had taken place. That much had been gained, and so much more… lost. We made a lot of friends in a millennium. But weren't fooling ourselves any longer. So now with every new entry in our lives, we began prepare ourselves for their potential 'departure'. And there it was, the 'tax'. The price we had to pay to live this life, was to accept that we were always going to be the ones left behind. Edward had told me a story of a Japanese monk who was said to have described loss almost perfectly. He had embedded the description of the feeling into head board of his monastery, only to then scratch it out in its entirety. When I asked why he did it, Edward said that the monk simply stated, that 'true' loss can never be described, only felt. Something I thought of with every loved one we buried, or was forced to scatter into the wind. …Forever does exist. Just not for all. The first war between us more than proved that theory all too clearly. And the lives lost that day were….irreplaceable. 'They don't have to be stronger than you to beat you.' Had I known that doing that one seemingly insignificant thing would've set off such a chain reaction, I would've let the bastard go with a warning. Had I known that my decisions in my first ten years into this life were going to be so significant, I would've changed more than a few things. Two chiefly among them. First, I would've never let any of them out of my sight. And second, I would've never gone back to Forks a third time. -HORIZON- Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters or the original story. But this is ALL MINE! Horizon CHAPTER 1: Two Weeks Bella "Stop Edward!…stop…stop it…*laughing* that's how….*laughing*… it happened in…*laughing*… the first place" I protested weakly, squealing and rolling back and forth under Edwards playful hands as they found ribs and underarm and every other ticklish areas that I didn't know I had. "Haha..haa..aha…Its…*laugh*…Going to…*laugh*….happen…*laugh*… again." Being human was not without its pitfalls, and doing what I just did in a house full of vampires couldn't have been more mortifying. I could hear Emmett still roaring with laughter. "Sorry love, but I'm afraid I must." He said smiling brightly, feeling joyful and full of mischief. I squealed some more under his fingers. 'no, no, no, no once was enough' "Edward, if you make *laugh* me do *laugh* that again, I will…I will….*laugh*…walk down that Isle and tell everyone…*laugh*…I decided to remain…..*laugh* your permanent girlfriend." Edward quickly paused giving me a reprieve, tapping his finger on his chin, pretendeed to think about it, then resumed. "You…would…do….no…such thing." He said between my squeals. "You love me too much. Just the thought alone is abhorrent to you, I feel it." And of course he was right, but that didn't solve my current problem. I was on the verge of 'release' once more. "No, no, no." I weakly protested. But with one mighty push of my right hand, Edward flew back against the wall, knock over our album and cd collection. Taking this as my moment, I quickly got up at human speed keeping the king size bed between us, as I marveled at my handy work. My control with my gift was getting better, more natural. I no longer needed anger or blood-lust as a trigger, any form of 'heightened' emotion was enough for a controlled burst. I could use as much as I needed and turn it off at will now. Meaning I could catch myself before I went too far and used up too much diluted venom; and do so before I put myself endanger of passing out. Through further testing with Jasper and Carlisle that night and early morning I had sent Emmett flying, it was discovered that my ability to turn my shield on and off at will was true for all emotions except one, rage. Rage was the only emotion that didn't come with an off switch. I had to ride those feelings out till my body had burnt up all its donated venom and left me unconscious and vulnerable. Even when the emotion itself did die, I did nothing to turn off my shield. That was the first discovery we made that night. The second was that my mind adapted to speed and sound much more quickly during my enraged states, than in other. But Jasper deduced that reason for me easily. He stated that it was due to my 'focus'. He said that in heightened states of rage, my single minded intent block out all, and concentrates the mind on a single task. Giving over the full power of a mind to one thing, and in doing so, things that would've have normally appeared fast, even to vampires, slows dramatically. I had to agree, because to me, it was like momentarily stepping out of sync with time, and finding yourself outside watching a much slower world. I smirk proudly from the other side of the bed as Edward dusted himself off standing himself up in nothing but his boxer briefs. I was feeling victorious and smirked mockingly at him. But that only increased his mirth and mischievous side. "Carlisle Now!" "Wha…" In flash Carlisle was thru our door, stabbing me in the arm with a needle drawing blood; all before I even had a chance to cover up my pink cotton polka dot boy shorts and bra. I screamed in surprise and quickly turned my head away as to not look at the needle buried in my arm. "Sorry my dear, I needed Edwards help getting you into a genuine state of embarrassment." I knew what he meant, but still would've argued the means of which he achieved his goal. He's been testing my blood at different emotional states as soon as I showed I was able to use my talent beyond anger. But still… "What the hell is that smell? Did we let a wolf in here?!" Emmett roared from somewhere in the house, causing a raucous of laughter from Rosalie, Alice and Jasper, and me to flush with embarrassment, turning sharply to Edward, remembering why he was in that corner dusting sawdust from his hair. 'Flatulence' Thanks to Edwards prodding , I had a 'human moment', a very loud human moment. It was mortifying, but not as mortifying as knowing everyone in here heard it and worst was now getting a full whiff of it. "Ugh…It smells… green. Real 'ripe' that one." Emmett sneer out in faux disgust. The roars of laughter around the house continued some more. "Oh my god, will you shut the hell up!" I roared back. Causing even more laughter. But now Edward and Carlisle were both laughing as well. "I better not hear a sound from either of you . This is not funny ." I warned "There…*chuckle* -ehem- all done" Carlisle said trying to hide his mirth at the embarrassment I was suffering all in the name his mad science. But Edward didn't bother to hide his glee one bit. He broke and joined in with everyone else. "Is this funny to you?" I asked staring thru slits. "It's for the experiment dear, you understand right?" Carlisle tried to mollify. "Yeah love…*laugh* for the sake of 'human advancement' *laugh* and all that." Edward said barely containing himself. I almost forgot everything and threw myself on him to pepper him with kisses. I loved that he was so happy and carefree, but he was still gonna pay. "Human advancement huh? Sounds like you guys were trying to give new meaning to 'noise pollution', or were you studying the 'green house' effect." Emmett yelled from somewhere in the house, creating a new round of laughter. "Jesus Christ Emmett! Will you can it!" I shouted back feeling a new wave of mortification take over. "You first!" That did it. They were all laughing now, and I almost couldn't help myself and follow them it was so contagious, but I did, and now Edward and Carlisle were going to pay. Edward's laughing has stop abruptly looked at me with shock. Alice must've give my plans away "No Bella don't, we're sorry -" Too late. I snatched up Carlisle's by his bicep and quickly pulled him along as I made my way over to Edward and grabbed him up by the scuff of his neck, ignoring both their futile protest and belated apologizes. "You wanna laugh, then have a good one at this! " I dashed to the window, and threw them both like a fastball through the glass, straight across into the oversize evergreen. "Whoa!" I heard Emmett and Jasper bellowed out below, before they all broke into another chorus of laughs. "Camera, camera, camera! " Alice squealed Looking for myself, I saw they were both haven't fallen to the grown as of yet, but not by choice. They were held in place. Carlisle's sweater was caught by the neck, and forced his arms to hang awkwardly over head as he held on to his 'precious' sample for dear life. I guess he didn't want to chance letting it drop and attempt to slide out of his sweater. Good, he had better hold on to it. Cuz I'll be damned if the thinks he was getting another one. Still I found myself breaking down and chuckled at the sight of him hanging there arms up like that. It was quite unbecoming of the father figure and leader of our family. But I lost it completely at the sight of Edward. that sent me crashing to my knees and palms, howling in laughter. He too was also being 'held' up. But in his case, it was by the front of his elastic waist band of his boxer briefs. He too was holding or should I say 'covering' something 'precious' that he didn't want to let go of that kept