Hey guys! This is the first time I am writing in english, so I apologise in advance of any errors and bad phrasing. And this is a femslash Story so if you don't like that well, you should probably read something else. Anyway, I hope you will have a good time reading it. I welcome critic and opinions. :) Eloïse roamed the halls after an particularly long study session at the library, she didn't have any tests soon but thought that she might as well be prepared. The ravenclaws aren't the only ones who want good grades after all. Looking around the mostly empty hallways she spots a few housemates probably on their way to the library judging by the stack of books that they too, had in their arms. They greet her politely when she passes and she answers with a quick nod and smile. Her housemates are pretty much the only ones who aren't scared of her, even though they don't know each other that well they see her as a friend and part of the "family".The fact that they were put into the "evil house", causes the other students to be weary of them, and makes some of them feel down or even angry, some start to act mean and selfish, they become bullies because that's what is expected of them, others are struggling with the expectations of their parents and relatives, these people need others to support them and tell them to get their shit together, or just someone who will listen to them vent about their problems. A lot of people would also call Eloïse Grey a bully, but frankly that's just the way she is. So what if she is rude to people? They talk behind her back anyways. And how is it, that when she defends herself people say she beat them up for no reason? Whatever, she doesn't care what others think of her, why should she? It's not like she's here to become a big hero or some shit. The world doesn't seem to care about her, so why would she? Speaking of heroes… the young witch sees a group of gryffindors, as loud as always, not caring about people with ears, walking down the hall. She stays calm and puts on her usual glare, and keeps walking trying to ignore their annoying laughter. She didn't like gryffindors, to her they are just a bunch of arrogant brats who have been fed with praise and promises of becoming the saviours of this shithole world their whole life. Yeah right… she thought to herself, annoyed. The only exception to this is her best friend Elladora White, who she learned to put up with since her first year and is now, six years later, completely used to. But then there is... "Hey Eloïse!" A girl from the passing Gryffindors calls out after she manages to detach herself from the group, telling them to go on without her. She stops and turns towards the voice. Serana Lane, the Quidditch team captain and Queen of the gryffindors, the whole school loves her. Everyone but Eloïse. To her she seemed fake, and the fact that she absolutely insists to have Eloïse like her makes her even more weary of her. "Lane." Eloïse responds, the lack of emotions evident in her tone. "I told you to call me Serana." The taller girl scolds, half serious, running her pale fingers through her long blonde hair. Her ocean blue eyes twinkle with amusement, as the other just rolls her eyes and starts walking again. The blonde, persistent as ever, started following her. "So what were you up to?" Serana asked, trying to keep the one sided conversation going. "Based on the 53 books I'm carrying right now? I went for a swim in the lake." The slytherin answered dryly trying to adjust the stack. The blonde lets out a sharp laugh before her eyes widen. "Oh shit, let me help you carry those." She reaches out to take some but is met with air as Eloïse sidestepped before resuming the walk to her dorm. "I'm fine." The girl said, trying to walk faster. But the gryffindor caught up to her. "Come on, what's the big deal in letting me help you out?" She asked frustrated. "I told you, I'm fine. I don't need your help." almost there… she thought. But the blonde had other plans. Taking her by the shoulder, she forced her to turn around and meet her gaze. But she was too fast, and instead makes her drop the books on the ground. "Ugh! What was that for?" Eloïse went to pick them up. Annoyance written all over her face as Serana started to help. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to-" the blue eyed girl started apologising, but was interrupted. "Just leave me be already!" Eloïse then ripped the last of the books from her hands and made her way to her dorms, her loud footsteps echoing in the empty hallway. Still crouched on the floor, Serana watched with sad eyes as she disappears down the hall. "I'm sorry…" she whispers into the empty halls of Hogwarts. OoO Eloïse reached her dorm room quickly glaring at everyone and everything, promising a slow and painful death to those that even considered getting in her way. Once she was inside the empty room she closed the door and leaned against it, letting out a tired sigh. After a few seconds she decided that she was calm enough not to smack the next person she sees and moved towards her side of the room, putting the books on her bedside table, next to a very badly made origami swan made out of one of Ellas failed tests in potion. Normally she would complain to her about the annoying blonde, but she said she wanted to annoy James by dyeing his hair pink, so she won't be available until she comes running to her with a very angry pink haired Potter on her tail. This girl is completely insane… Eloïse thought as she lies down on her bed, book in hand. Though she realised quickly that she is way too stressed out to read at the moment, her eyes scanning the first few sentences without understanding a word over and over again. She sighs angrily and puts the book down with enough force to make the small table shake. The young witch then contemplates the roof of her bed and her thoughts started to wander to the blonde Gryffindor. What's her problem anyway? Is she trying to torment me? Is this some new sort of bullying? Frowning and feeling herself get angry again, her thoughts were interrupted by someone knocking at the door. "Yeah?" She calls out, sitting up. The door opens and reveals her roommate, which name she still doesn't know because of her bad habit of forgetting them. The girl had long black hair and dark brown eyes appearing almost black in the dim lighted room. They get along pretty well, sharing a same passion for sarcasm and dark humor. "Hey girl, what's got you in this foul mood? You scared the first years half to death. They thought for a moment that you were the monster their parents warned them about if they didn't brush their teeth properly." She said with a smirk, sitting on the bed next to hers and crossing her legs. "Shut up." Eloïse grumbles, taking her book and fake reading it, hoping that the other girl would get the message to leave her alone. "Woah… you really are pissed off huh Grey? Wanna talk 'bout it? You know I only judge you a little bit." She asks half serious. Contemplating the offer for a moment, Eloïse decided she might as well bitch for a moment. "What do you think of this Serana girl? From the Gryffindors." She puts the book down once again and stares at her nails instead. Trying to seem disinterested in the topic. The roommate seemed surprised at the question. "You mean Lane? The Quidditch captain?" Eloïse nods, encouraging her to answer her question. "Well... she seems nice. As far as I know, she is one of the few people who don't have something against us Slytherins. She helps anyone who needs it, I don't think anyone has even seen her angry before." Eloïse contemplates her answer, and seems lost in her thoughts, the black haired girl notices and decided to tease her a bit. "Plus she isn't bad looking, no wonder everyone has a crush on her. A real hottie don't you think?" Smirking, she then leaps out of the way of the pillow Eloïse throws at her. "Shut up that's not what I wanted to know!" Glaring at the, now laughing, roommate. Eloïse lies down and faces the opposite side of the bed so the other girl doesn't notice the light blush on her cheeks. "I was just kidding. Come on talk to me, did something happen with her?" She asked, curious. The other girl stayed silent for a bit before answering in an unsure voice. "Kind of… I mean I don't know, these last few years it has just been glances at me, then full on staring and irritating smirks, I used to just ignore her but now it looks like she goes out of her way to annoy me you know? I don't understand what other people like about her to me she just seems weird." Eloïse then tells her what happened earlier this evening, and the dark haired girl listens silently until she finishes. "You hang around Elladora most of the time so hearing you say someone is weird is well...Weird. But honestly to me it just seems like she wants to be your friend. But then again she tries to be with everyone, have you considered giving her a chance? This might a good way to learn about her true intentions, who knows, maybe she plans on taking over the world." The girl says, snickering at the last part. Eloïse rolls her eyes at her but still thinks about it, who knows maybe she really just wants to be friends… Well, i could at least apologise for having been so rude before… Eloïse thinks to herself. "Maybe, I'll think about it. Thanks." She says to her friend. "Don't worry about it, anyway I'm going to shower, you should rest a bit." The girl says, preparing to go to the bathroom. "Good night!" and the girl is out of the room, leaving Eloïse to her thoughts. Noticing how tired she truly was, she gets ready for the night, and falls asleep to the thoughts of a certain blonde haired quidditch player. OoO "So how did it go?" John Higgins, Seranas best friend, and beater of the team, asks curiously. Serana ignores the question and went to sit down next to him, groaning and putting her head on the table. Their other friends too busy talking to themselves about the last quidditch game to notice her distress. "That bad?" "Horrible! I made her drop the books she was carrying and man she was so annoyed, now she hates me for sure…I'm such an idiot!" Serana answers frustrated and angry at herself. "While I can't argue with that-" John started before being interrupted by the blonde. "Hey!" She said offended. "Why don't you just give up? You know there aren't a lot of people she tolerates, well except Elladora, which is a mystery really. Why do you insist on being her friend?" The large guy asks her. Serana lifts her head up at that. "Wait, what did you say?" She asked. Confused the other student repeats himself. "Why do you ins-" "No before that." "The only person she tolerates is Elladora?" Serana peaks up at this. "That's it! Why didn't I think of that! I'll just ask her about Eloïse, I'm sure she knows something that will help me get close to her!" Happy to have a new