So while uni is out for the year I've decided to take on a project to keep me from dying of boredom. I had a Twilight marathon with a friend and re fell in love with Jasper. Something about him... Anyway, I decided to dabble in this pairing because I realised I didn't like Edward the movies didn't make me like Bella very much. So I'm changing things up and writing how I'd like the story to go. Like I said, the movies didn't make me too fond of a lot of the characters so they will be a little different in this story. Review and tell me what you think. I watched silently as the Cullens argued over the top of each other, each voicing their own opinion about what we should do with Alice's vision. Emmett was yelling over Edward, itching for a confrontation with the army coming our way. I'd already tried to voice my opinion, especially because it was my life on the line, but no one had listened. No one ever listens to me; I'm just the fragile human who doesn't know anything because I haven't lived a tenth as long as they had. I could see the worry on Esme's beautiful face and my heart sank a little more. Because of me her family was in danger. She wasn't one for confrontations, almost the polar opposite of Emmett. Maybe it was because she'd been with Carlisle so long, maybe it was just inherently who she was. Emmett was ready to tackle the newborns coming our way, bouncing up and down on the balls of his feet. He was ready for them now despite the fact that Alice had foretold they'd be at least two weeks away. I could understand Emmett's enthusiasm, being so much stronger than everyone else he was probably dying to fight someone without having to hold back or be worried that he would hurt one of his siblings. Rosalie stood by Emmett's side and I knew she was just as ready as Emmett to go into battle. She probably hated me even more now that I'd brought this on her family. She'd never bothered to hide her dislike for me and I understood, really I did. I was putting Emmett in danger and no one messed with Emmett unless they wanted to deal with Rosalie. She was loyal like no other and I knew that was her gift. I admired her for it even if she would never return the sentiment. Carlisle looked diplomatic as always. I knew that he, like Esme, wanted to avoid violence but it couldn't be helped. Not this time. He was willing to go against his beliefs to protect his family and the thought made me drown a little more in my own guilt. He considered me family yet all I had done was continually cause damage and danger to his family. I could tell Edward wanted to whisk me away and hide me somewhere. Sometimes I can't help but think that if he could lock me up in a safe somewhere to keep me away from all the dangerous in the world he would. It was annoying because nothing in life was safe and I couldn't live my life second-guessing every decision I make. He didn't want me anywhere near the battle but I couldn't leave. Not with Jacob and Charlie here. Alice chewed her lip and I watched her write on a note pad everything she had noticed from her vision. Obviously she didn't want to take the chance she might forget something. But with her vampire memory was that even possible? I wasn't sure. My eyes travelled to the only person who hadn't tried to voice their opinion. He was also the person who always surprised me. Jasper. He was standing the background, watching everyone fight with each other. It was clear that every second that passed annoyed him further. I didn't know Jasper well at all but I wanted to. He was interesting. He was the one person in the room I wasn't sure about. I turned back to the group as a whole and watched as Rosalie snapped at Edward when he growled at Emmett. It was weird watching them argue because they flitted between human speed and vampire speed. I could catch some words but not all, they either talked loud enough and too fast or slow and inaudible. I wasn't used to witnessing their natural speed. The whole family was always so careful to try and be as human as possible around me. "Enough!" Jasper barked, stepping forward. "I know exactly what we have to do. It's not without risk but it's the best way to ensure we all get out of this mess alive." "Bella's life is at stake! I'm not going to put her in danger because you thinkg you know what you're doing." Edward snapped. "You forget I've been alive a hell of a lot longer than you have child." Jasper retorted. Carlisle stepped in between them. "Boys, calm down. Now Edward we have to trust Jasper with this. This is your brother's area of expertise. He has the most experience with newborns." I frowned in confusion when Carlisle said this. Why would Jasper have the most experience with newborns? Obviously his life before the Cullens had given him experience but why would he know so much about newborn armies? I couldn't help but wish I knew more about Jasper, at least so I could fill in some of the blanks. "There are only seven of us though." Rosalie pointed out. Jasper turned away and paced, his arms behind his back. Alice shook her head before snapping around to look at her husband. "What? Everything just disappeared. I can't see the battle anymore. What did you decide Jas?" Jasper just turned to me. "Bella do you have your phone with you?" "Yeah." I fumbled around and eventually pulled it out of my pocket. He took it off me gently. "Why do you need her phone?" Edward asked. "Because we're going to call a friend of Bella's." "Jacob? You can't be serious." "Rosalie is right Edward. We're going to need more than seven of us to take on a newborn army. We need the wolves." Jasper hit a few buttons and put my old phone to his ear. He quickly explained the situation to Jacob. The conversation was over in less than a minute and he handed the phone back to me with a nod. "The pack is willing to meet us." "When?" Carlisle asks. "Now. They want to meet us at the clearing between the borders." "To erase any advantage we might have." Emmett scowled. "We aren't going there to fight them Emmett. We are going peacefully." Carlisle stressed. "We should get going. Emmett, Rose, Edward and Bella will take the Jeep and the rest of us will run." Alice says before tugging Jasper away by the hand. I nodded and let Edward pull me towards the Jeep and resisted the urge to push his hands away as he strapped me into the Jeep. It was ridiculous, sure Emmett wasn't the safest driver but there was no need to strap me into an oversized booster seat. I felt like a baby. My stomach lurched when Emmett finally parked at the edge of the clearing and I thanked God that the drive was over. Emmett really didn't know when to slow down, especially when it came to tough terrain. We walked over to the rest of the Cullens who were in the middle of the clearing. Esme and Carlisle talked quietly to each other while Emmett rambunctiously made jokes to Rosalie who would occasionally hit him upside the head. The wolves approached cautiously, Paul growling at the Cullens. Jake phased behind a tree and quickly got dressed before walking towards me. Edward tensed beside me and I ignored his aversion to my best friend. Jake swept me up into a hug and I embraced his warmth. "Hey Bells." "Hey Jake, how you been?" "Great! I finally imprinted. Karina is amazing you'll have to come by the res and meet her." "I'm so happy for you." I hugged him again, ecstatic that he was finally happy. Sam snapped something at Jake and he nodded. "Sam wants this over and done with." "We all do." Emmett replied. "Why aren't you phased, Jake?" I asked. "Sam doesn't trust your bloodsuckers enough so I volunteered. It's supposed ot be a gesture of good will or something. I shook my head and Jake grinned at me wickedly. Memories flooded back and I couldn't help but remember that this was why Jacob was my best friend. He didn't care what people thought and he was always putting his foot in his mouth. Oddly enough he reminded me of Emmett, always there for me and always tactless. Jasper stepped forward, his posture straight and he looked like he'd grown magically. His whole body language screamed 'respect me' and something about him made me eager to hear exactly what he had to say. "Alice had a vision of a newborn army attacking our family. They are after Bella and are a threat to the town, the reservation and everyone who lives in the general area. My family doesn't have enough numbers to go up against them and we need your help." "Sam wants to know how many there will be." Edward says. "We don't know exact numbers. Anything more than twenty-five and I can't guarantee the end result of the battle. We will win, of course," He says with conviction. "But I can't guarantee we will all come out alive. Another problem is that we can't fight the newborns while protecting Bella. Simply we don't have enough numbers and we don't have time to try and find other vampire's to help us." "They want to know why we can't ask another coven to help." "Because they would have to be trained and it would take too long." "But you'll have to train us anyway." Jake pointed out. "Yes but you also need to know how to take down a vampire anyway if you hope to keep the area safe." Jasper retorted. "We took down that Laurent guy." Jasper scoffed. "You need to be able to take down vampires on your own. If it takes a whole pack to take one vampire down you're already dead." "Paul wants to know why they should trust us." "Because you want the same thing as us, the town protected and Bella safe." "Sam is willing to work with us." Edward says. Jasper nodded and turned away. Before he could get far Jake spoke. "Just one question?" "And what would that be?" Jake grinned. "When do we start?" "Tomorrow. Be ready or don't show up. You'll get a call." Jasper walked away and his confidence almost gave me goosebumps. This was a side of him I'd never seen before. Commanding. Strong. A force to be reckoned with. Alice walked after him and Jake nudged me in the side, almost knocking me over. "What?" I asked. "Come spend the day on the reservation with us." "No." Edward growled. "I can't Jake." "Don't you want to meet Karina?" I couldn't deny that I wanted to meet her even if it made me a little jealous. "I want to meet the girl who thinks she's good enough for you." "She is." He promised. "And she'll love you just as much as I know you'll love her." "Bella you aren't going." Emmett stepped forward towards Edward menacingly. "I don't like them any more than you do but Bella can make her own choices." "Thanks Em." I says with a smile. "No problem, no one gets to walk all over my little sis." Emmett replied, scooping me up in a bear hug. I laughed and hugged him back before turning to my boyfriend. "It will only be for the afternoon." "I can't protect you over