Recaptured – Part I by Llinos beta and additional material: MarigoldG An alternate LotR universe story – The Uruk-Hai recapture Merry and Pippin and because of this the story changes. The hobbits suffer many trials and tribulations as a consequence and they and their companions are led in a completely different direction to the original story. There are frequent appearances by many other LotR characters, including all of the Fellowship with special attention paid to Legolas, and also features Éowyn, Faramir and Théoden. There are also some original characters, including some rather interesting orcs. Overall this is a story that stars those two, usually underrated hobbits, Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took, who prove to be brave, valiant and true and who never lose their sense of right or their sense of humour. Chapter 1 – A Twist in the Tale The Twist… In a divergent timeline, the Riders of Rohan did not kill all the Uruk-Hai. A band of 8, led by Uglúk escaped into Fangorn and took up the pursuit of the hobbits. In the meantime Merry and Pippin having escaped from their captors during the attack of Éomer and his men, have met Treebeard and, having explained their plight, have accompanied him to Entmoot. The Ents are discussing taking up arms against the renegade Wizard Saruman in Isengard. 0-0-0-0-0 Pippin found the sound pleasant to listen to at first; but gradually his attention wavered. He yawned. Treebeard was immediately aware of him. 'Hm, ha, hey, my Pippin!' he said, 'You are a hasty folk, I was forgetting; and anyway it is wearisome listening to a speech you do not understand. You may get down now.' J. R. R. Tolkien 0-0-0-0-0 Meriadoc Brandybuck and Peregrin Took were getting restless. The Entmoot had been in progress for at least 10 hours now and they had exhausted most of the possibilities of the immediate neighbourhood of Fangorn Forest. "Why does it take so long to talk about Isengard," Pippin yawned. "Saruman will be ruling Middle Earth before we even get there." "I know Pip, I'm impatient too," Merry flicked a piece of leaf at his cousin, "but there's not much we can do except wait." "Where is Isengard anyway?" Pippin asked. "You did all that map studying in Rivendell Merry, do you remember anything about it?" "Isengard is a sort of ring of rocks or hills, I think," said Merry, "with a flat space inside and an island or pillar of rock in the middle, called Orthanc. That's what Treebeard said. Saruman has a tower on it." "Well that sounds pretty impenetrable, " Pippin had recovered from their recent capture by the orcs and felt ready for more action. "Do you think the Ents will be able to break through it?" "Who knows?" Merry shrugged, "But whatever they decide they are obviously going to take their time over it." The two wandered further away from the sound of the Entmoot, beside a chattering, busy little stream that seemed in stark contrast to the slow and ponderous ents. They slumped down on a grassy bank, Pippin rolling onto his back and then back to his side as his bruises complained. The Uruks had thrown him onto the stones and left him tied and hurt in that painful position for many hours. "Do you think we've seen the last of Uglúk?" Pippin asked. "Can only hope so," Merry turned onto his side as well, looking at Pippin with a smile, the gash in the side of his head still a bloody graze, in spite of bathing it with the restorative waters of Fangorn. "But we didn't wait to see the outcome of the battle with the riders, so it's hard to tell." "No point in waiting around to see who was going to win in case it was the wrong side." Pippin rolled closer to his cousin, pulling up a couple of blades of grass and sucking them experimentally. "I'm hungry." "Yes it's hungry work being kidnapped and escaping and even more hungry work sitting and waiting!" Merry sat up again and sniffed the air. "I've run out of lembas and the ent draughts don't really satisfy. Let's see what we can scavenge to eat in this forest?" 0-0-0-0-0 Uglúk also sniffed the air. "Halflings!" he growled "This way! Run! They must not escape us again!" He rallied his depleted band of Uruk-hai on, although there was no need. Tenacious obedience was what they were bred for. The battle with the riders of Rohan had been hard fought but when Uglúk realised they were outnumbered he had fallen back with his followers, the White Handers of Isengard, moving gradually through Grishnakh's ranks of smaller orcs bearing the red eye on their armour. There they had managed to reach the cover of Fangorn Forest, where Uglúk picked up the trail of the escaping hobbits. Now he sniffed their presence, his senses sharp like those of the distorted elf genes of which he was a depraved scion, indeed those very senses were deliberately heightened by Saruman's corruption of his breed. "They are near." He snarled "We have run a full night and a full day and now they are near." 0-0-0-0-0 "I suppose it would be rude to start a fire in Fangorn Forest?" Pippin held up the enormous white fungi he had found. "Only these are such good mushrooms, it would be so much better to roast them." "I don't think we should." Merry said looking sadly at the large, luscious puffball. "Treebeard would not be too pleased if we hurt any of the trees and even if we used some of the dead wood on the ground, I have nothing with which to strike a flame. Do you?" "No, but we could eat them raw." Pippin took a tentative bite from the mushroom he had picked. "Mmmm! They're very good, even without cooking or perhaps I'm just really hungry." "Well that's not an unusual situation of late?" Merry agreed as he tore a large chunk of flesh from the mushroom his cousin was eating and stuffed it in his mouth. "Oh yes – now that's what I call a mushroom!" They were well into their third each, when both suddenly became overwhelmed with fatigue and lay down in the grass once more. "Eating is exhausting too," Pippin decided, still chewing on the remains of the last puffball. "You don't suppose Fangorn mushrooms are the bad kind – you know the sort that Sam warned us we'd pick by mistake one day." "No Pippin, those are…" he paused to yawn hugely, "…those are the sort that stain your fingers and these were…" another yawn, "…were fine – no brown on them at all… quite fine and…" Merry did not manage to finish the sentence or the mushroom still clutched in his hand; he was snoring before he reached the end of either. Their feast was not poisonous, as Merry had rightly said. All hobbits knew how to recognise deadly mushrooms by the way they would stain the fingers as they were picked, but, unlike the fungi in the Shire, this species held a certain soporific quality and the hobbits' sleep was solid and dreamless. They no longer heard the drone of the Entmoot or the rush of the little stream by which they slept, or the far off cry of the eagle. They lay in peaceful repose, the best rest they had had for several days while the Isengarders drew nearer and nearer. 0-0-0-0-0 Pippin was roughly awoken from his deep sleep by large vicious hands pulling him back into the nightmare he had only too recently escaped from. He tried to cry out but a filthy rag was shoved into his mouth almost choking him. Cords were tied tightly around his wrists and ankles and a band of cloth around his face tied the gag in place so that he could not spit it out. He struggled wildly until Uglúk caught him by his hair and clouted him hard across the back of the head. Uglúk lifted the small hobbit under the arms and held him up to his own eye level. "You little squeaker, I will pay you out for escaping from me!" He shook Pippin until his brain rattled. "Did you think you could evade the Uruk-hai? Did you think you could outpace us?" The fearsome orcs laughed at the sorry looking halfling still wriggling in Uglúk grasp as Pippin looked frantically round trying to locate Merry. "Looking for your friend?" Uglúk sneered. "Don't worry, we have him safe – no one escapes the fighting Uruk-hai. Show him, Lugdush." A large Uruk, that Pippin remembered from before, pushed forward. He was carrying Merry, also bound hand and foot, over his shoulder. His cousin did not move and Pippin could see blood staining the blond curls, the gash on his forehead reopened and bleeding profusely. "Take him." Uglúk growled as he tossed Pippin to one of the other orcs. "Come we must make good speed. The hunters are behind and our Master awaits his prize." The Uruk-Hai pounded off through the Forest of Fangorn carrying the two hobbits with them. Pippin fell into an evil black nightmare, terrified and sick at being caught again by these violent, frightening creatures and scared witless at what lay ahead. 0-0-0-0-0 Treebeard and the other Ents were still swaying and murmuring in their long discussion, when Bregalad, "the hasty Ent" returned to the Entmoot. Patiently he waited until they were ready to hear him. "I have looked everywhere for the small things – the hobbits – I cannot find them. But I do not think they have wandered off of their own accord." "What do you think has happened to the little folk?" Treebeard was disturbed by the news, remembering the tales of kidnap and abuse they had already reported to him. "I believe they were stolen." Bregalad pointed in the direction he had come from. "There is evidence of struggle and many heavy footprints crossing those of the little unshod hobbits." "Do you think it may have been the burárum who stole them away before?" Treebeard asked. "If so we may guess where they have taken them. To Isengard, to Saruman." "It would seem so, Fangorn." Bregalad lifted his arms in the Ent equivalent of a shrug. "I did not see, but the tracks let towards Isengard. I would not wish to force you to be hasty, but has the Entmoot reached a decision? For it would seem action may be needed sooner than thought." "It is not quite concluded." Treebeard spread his large hands in front of Quickbeam's face. "But it will be soon. You are right, we must act with more speed and rescue the innocent little ones. I do not know what the Wizard's plan is, but I fear it is not for the good of Ents or other peaceful creatures of Middle Earth. Saruman must be stopped." 0-0-0-0-0 Saruman paced the circular throne room of Orthanc. He had watched his sadly depleted band of Uruk-Hai enter Isengard through the lower levels and was now awaiting their arrival. It had taken most of the 100 strong marauding band that he had sent out, but what of that? The remaining few bore two halflings on their backs – the One Ring would surely soon be in his hands. Uglúk led his warriors through the great doors to the throne room and saluted his master. "Hail Saruman the Wise! We are your faithful servants. We slew the great warrior, we slew many of the filthy horseboys, we brought the prisoners – alive and unspoiled." At this, the two Uruks carrying the hobbits lifted them up to show off their prizes and then threw the terrified pair on the floor before the white bearded Wizard. They both landed on all fours, as hobbits are wont to do – much like cats when dropped – and then huddled against each other looking fearfully around them. "Very