Fellowship of the Conkers Author: Llinos Beta: Marigold Author's Note: If you have never heard of or played Conkers – you may need to read this first – if you have you may as well cut straight to the story. Conkers are the hard nut like fruit of the horse chestnut. In America, so Marigold tells me, they would be similar to the buckeye. Conkers, the pastime, is a game of skill and sublimated violence for two players. Each player is equipped with a conker, through which a hole has been drilled to allow a piece of string to be threaded. The string is knotted to prevent the conker coming off and the game may commence. Whoever goes first is usually decided by priority. For example, the owner of a 'sixer' (ie, the victor in six previous games) will have priority over the owner of a mere 'two-er'. The receiver holds up the hand, dangling the conker on the end of its string. The other player then attempts to hit the dangling conker as hard as he or she can with his or her own conker by swinging it over arm. (Marigold, when I introduced her to the game, claimed this was quite frightening. If the player hits, he or she gets another go. If the player misses, play switches and the receiver gets a crack at his or her opponent. This continues until one or other of the conkers is so damaged that it falls off the string. The winner can then add the loser's conker value to the victory count of their conker, turning the above mentioned sixer into an eighter. There are many arcane rules of conkers to do with glancing blows, hits on the string, specific techniques and so on, but they are very variable, and so are beyond the scope of this brief description. There are those who mutter darkly about methods of treatment for conkers which are guaranteed to turn even the weediest, most brittle loser into an all-challengers champion twelver. Such methods usually involve things such as a week soaking in vinegar or several hours of slow steady baking in a low oven. I can offer no authoritative advice on this subject other than to encourage players to experiment – but not get caught. NB: Adult hobbits always play the "no stamps" rule as the "stamps" manoeuvre is just for children. -0-0-0-0-0-0- Dateline 6th Afteryule 1319 Shire Reckoning "Sam please! You don't need all that string." Pippin pleaded, "Let me have some." "I might need it some time," Samwise was being obdurate, "You only want it to play with. You should have brought your own with you for that Master Took." "Well I didn't know we'd find this many and I've got an amazing one here – look Sam." Pippin proudly held out a large brown shiny horse chestnut, "I'll wager that's a fifteener at least!" "Not so sure about that," Sam rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It's a little on the big side, they don't always go so well you know." "Well there're lots of smaller ones too, Sam." Pippin pointed over to where Merry was foraging about under the large tree. "Merry's still fussing over finding the right one. Bet you can't find one to beat this though!" "They must be a little old, this time of year." Frodo took the potential champion from Pippin to examine it. "It's a bit dried out Pip." "Makes it better." Pippin declared. "I know Sam used to bake his to dry 'em out a bit – that's why he was always the champion." "I did not!" Samwise spluttered indignantly. "That'd be cheating and I'm no cheat Mister Peregrin Took I'll have you know." "Well why did you always win then?" Pippin challenged, his hands on his hips and a grin on his face. "Did you soak them in vinegar?" "Skill, pure skill, Pippin," supplied Frodo. "Sam has a very accurate aim and a good eye when it comes to conkers you know." "Thank you Mr Frodo," Sam looked gratefully at his sponsor, "but it's really just down to practice you know, that and having an eye for the right nut." "Well why don't you show us now?" Pippin caught Sam and Frodo each by a hand and pulled them towards the tree. Sam suddenly realised that, as usual Pippin had stealthily got his way and that he would now have to relinquish some of his precious string. 0-0-0-0-0-0 "That's a sixer now!" Sam proclaimed triumphantly as his conker split Merry's cleanly across the centre. "Surely you've only broken four with that one Sam?" Boromir was starting to take an interest in the game in spite of feigning indifference to start with. "How can yours be a sixer?" "Because," explained Sam patiently, "Merry's conker was a twoer, then mine beat his so I get his twoer as well as the fourer I already had." "I'm sorry?" Boromir shook his head in confusion and looked over at Aragorn who shrugged his ignorance of the situation. "How does that work?" "Never mind about that Boromir," Pippin was sorting through the large pile of conkers he had collected, looking for one to replace Merry's recently defeated player. "I wager you couldn't make a hit, let alone score even a oner." "Uh!" Boromir gasped in indignation. "Come, let me have one of these things. Samwise have you some more string? We'll see what I can hit." Sam begrudgingly cut yet another length of string from his supply. He had already used four pieces, one each for Merry, Frodo, Pippin and himself, but at least he was winning, as usual. Sam was undefeated conker champion of Hobbiton and at the Harvest Feast always drew a small crowd. He waited while Boromir carefully selected his conker, watching with approval as the man weighed them in his hand, squeezed them for density and finally chose a promising looking specimen. Sam drilled a hole through the centre for him using a fine spike borrowed from Gandalf that the wizard kept for cleaning his pipe. He threaded the string, tied the knot in the end and beckoned to the Gondorian. "See Mr Boromir, Sir," Sam wrapped the string around his finger and lifted the conker up with his other hand. "You have to hold it so and then line it up like…" Sam closed one eye as he took the measure of the conker Frodo was holding. "Yes, yes, I see." Boromir took the string, impatient to start. He had to bend down to level his conker to Frodo's, even though the hobbit held his up as high as he could. Boromir wrapped the string around his finger and pulled the conker back. The other members of the Fellowship all watched now with bated breath. Boromir's conker whipped through the air faster than a speeding arrow and completely missed Frodo's conker but hit Boromir squarely and painfully on the knee. Pippin and Merry both erupted with simultaneous laughter, Samwise winced in sympathy and concern that he might get the blame and Frodo put his hand to his mouth to suppress a giggle. Gimli snorted, "Well a pretty poor show you made of that I must say. Just as well we're not relying on you to… to…" "To what?" Boromir asked rubbing his knee and realising that the dwarf had run out of road with his last comment. "I'd like to see you do it – it's a lot harder than it looks!" "Surely not." Legolas came over to Pippin's conker pile. The elven archer knew his accuracy with a bow would make this a simple challenge. "Please Pippin, may I?" "Of course," Pippin nodded eagerly, happy to have more participants for his sport. The elf carefully selected a sturdy looking horse chestnut still in its casing. He broke it free, drilled a perfectly centred hole with his knife and threaded it with a spare bow string. "Who shall be my first opponent?" "Well by rights it should be Mr Boromir," Sam adjudicated, "Since he missed last, he gets to take the next hit." "Very well, prepare to have your conker struck, Sir." Legolas gave Boromir a mock bow and the Gondorian sniffed slightly before wrapping his string around his hand and holding the conker out to be hit. The elf was good and the elf was fast, Sam could not help but notice that he would have some stiff competition. He also noted that Legolas's conker would indeed have struck home had not Boromir moved his at the last moment. Unfortunately for the Gondorian his joke backfired as Legolas, instead of striking downwards struck across and his conker found its mark, not with Boromir's conker but with its owner. Once more the man yelped with pain as the elf's conker hit him viciously in the groin. Merry and Pippin were now giving their impression of topsy-turvy beetles and rolling on the ground in paroxysms of mirth, too helpless to even stand. Sam looked at Frodo and scratched his head in bafflement at the man's lack of skill, while Frodo was torn between sympathising with Boromir and joining his cousins on the ground. Aragorn sighed and went to help Boromir to straighten himself, "Are you much injured?" he asked as solicitously as he could, whilst keeping a straight face. "I think Boromir you might want to concede defeat at this sport." "It is a mere children's game!" Boromir snorted, "Hardly a sport of kings." "Or…huhhhh chuuuuss… St- stewards!" Pippin finally managed to stutter out, between his breathless laughter. Merry was crying now and unable to utter a coherent word. "I don't think perhaps it is a game for gentlemen," Samwise tried diplomatically. "Maybe it's just something we hobbits can do." "Let me try." Aragorn took Boromir's conker and hefted the object in his hand to test the weight of the missile. "Frodo, may I?" Frodo obligingly held out his conker for Aragorn to aim at and the ranger sized up the distance and trajectory of his own with great care. Finally ready to split his opponent's target asunder he fired. The conker must have been a little over ripe Sam thought later or perhaps he should have tied a thicker knot. Aragorn's conker made a whistling sound, so fast did it travel through the air. The forward force of the nut, and possibly the speed, both conspired to fling the missile free of its string and fly through the air like a stone shot from a sling. It was not by design that Boromir happened to be in the way but at least the man prevented the hard nut hitting Gandalf as it struck the Gondorian smartly in the rear. "Yewch!" Boromir yelped. "Did you do that on purpose?" "No truly, I'm sorry," Aragorn flinched in horror at what he had done. "Please Boromir, believe me, I would not have." "Yes, yes," Merry squealed with mirth, "He aimed it at you!" "It's true!" Pippin gasped, trying to catch his breath, "The king has conkered you Boromir!" "You're getting good, you've scored three direct hits now!" Frodo had given up trying to be polite and he and Merry were leaning against each other for support. "Dog's teeth!" exclaimed Gimli, "Two grown men and you can't play a simple child's game. Let me do this and show a dwarf is able to turn his skill to any game or sport." "Here Gimli," Legolas proffered his conker, possibly as a ruse to take no further part in this dangerous pastime. "Use this one." "No." Sam was going to be firm about the rules. "Every player should have his own conker, that's the way it's played. Else how can we score?" "Score!" Gimli spluttered, "You mean there is actually a way to score this nonsense?" "But of course, Gimli, this is a major sport in The Shire, "Gandalf had been calmly observing from the safety of a rock, a sage smile upon his face as he sucked quietly on his