DISCLAIMER: ANY CHARACTERS AND/OR THEMES PERTAINING TO THE HARRY POTTER UNIVERSE ARE NOT MY CREATION. THEY ARE IN FACT CREATED BY JK ROWLING. AUTHOR'S NOTE (7/26/17): I just wanted to thank everyone who has this story as a favorite and/or on their alerts, as well as those who are reading it now! I am hoping to update this story on either a weekly or bi-weekly schedule. This is only my second fic and my first one didn't work out as I was intending. Please be patient with the time between my updates, I promise I will update as soon as I possibly can! I am a full time college student going into my senior year this August so updates will likely be slow during school months. I also would be SUPER appreciative of any comments you guys have whether it's a comment saying you love it or you hate it, I don't care. I am new so any and all tips and/or constructive criticism is welcomed and GREATLY appreciated! Let me know that you think in the comments! -PJ22 Chapter 1: Mortal Peril Molly and Arthur Weasley were standing on platform 9 ¾ waiting for their children, Harry, and Hermione to arrive home on the train from Hogwarts. While they are waiting they overheard Moody threatening Vernon Dursley that him and the rest of the family must be kind to Harry over the summer holiday, since he had just lost Sirius; or there would be severe consequences for them all. "Arthur, I'm telling you, this man is not going to treat him well at all. I can't shake the feeling that those muggles are far worse toward Harry than he lets on. I don't want him going back there. Especially after all that happened this year." Molly insisted to Arthur. "I know Molly, But, we don't have a choice in the matter. We need to trust that Albus will keep an eye on him. You know that. Besides, it's the best protection he has from You-Know-Who now." "I still don't like it." Molly mused. "Couldn't you and Bill just watch him under invisibility charms or something?" "I already offered mine and Bill's services to watch him. He said it wasn't necessary and he has things in order and to just enjoy our time with the kids this summer. He is going to be fine Molly, I'm sure of it." The train whistle was heard in the distance signifying the train was about to arrive at the platform. Molly glanced over toward Mr. Dursley who currently was sporting a purple face from his obvious rage, making Molly even more nervous and unsure about Harry's safety under his care. She was immediately relieved to see the kids all looking well and mostly healed from the injuries that occurred in the ministry. Neville, Luna, and Ginny, she noticed, looked right as rain. Ron looked fine aside from the welts that were still showing on his neck and arms but they were starting to fade. Harry still had the scratches on his face and a haunted look in his eyes and a sad look on his face, and Hermione also looked well, although she was carrying a large bag likely containing the many potions she must take daily to counteract the curse she suffered from. Neville and Luna immediately went to their respective families after a short goodbye hug from everyone. Suddenly she was bombarded with a very tight hug from Ginny, followed by Ron, Hermione, and Harry. Molly gave Harry an extra tight squeeze and held his shoulders while she took a good look at him. "You will be safe and keep out of trouble this holiday, yes?" "Of course, Mrs. Weasley." Harry said with as much sincerity he could muster knowing he would most definitely not be safe, and was always in trouble with the Dursleys. Molly pulled him into another tight squeeze and said "Good boy. Be sure to stay in touch, we want to know about everything that goes on this summer and if you're faring well." "I will. Promise. I'll write Ron, Ginny, and Hermione every chance I can get." Harry said knowing he would very likely not get too many chances. "Okay, off you go then. Remember, if you need anything just write us! Have a good holiday!" "Thanks Mrs. Weasley, you too!" Harry said with very noticeable forced cheer. That evening during dinner at the Burrow, the two youngest Weasleys and Hermione tell the whole story of their adventure at the Ministry filling in details that Albus Dumbledore conveniently had left out, like how Minister Fudge witnessed Voldemort, that Harry was able to resist the Imperious curse cast by Voldemort himself, as well as how he chased after Bellatrix after Sirius fell through the Veil. Molly and Arthur listened to the entire story unfold and grew more and more impressed and horrified at how much all the teens have gone through and conquered from the time they were 11 years old. After dessert was finished and the teenagers went upstairs for a game of exploding snap, Molly and Arthur sat in the living room and discussed their concern over what they have just recently learned from two 16-year-olds and a 15-year-old. "Arthur, I think it's time we made some modifications to our family clock. Ginny and Hermione are vocally concerned about Harry, and Ron tried to act like he wasn't worried about him but anyone who knows him could see through that mask. We always have said that Harry has been part of this family since the day he became best friends with Ron, and I think it's time we made that official." Molly said while sipping her tea. "I couldn't agree more. Things are getting increasingly worse at the ministry and we think the Death Eaters are trying to find where he lives during the holiday as we speak." "Then I think we should get to work and make arrangements to get a 10th hand added to our clock." Molly declared. That same evening, they added Harry's hand to their clock after all the children went to bed. The following day the Weasley parents explained their decision to add Harry to their family clock to everyone who came to their Sunday brunch with all the Weasley children and Hermione besides Percy and Bill. They all agreed that it would be best for everyone to know that he's okay while at the Dursley's. After brunch was finished, everyone went out to the gardens to play a pick-up game of quidditch, besides Molly who was cleaning up and Hermione and Arthur who chose to watch instead. When they finished their surprisingly quick game, thanks to Ginny catching the snitch before Bill even saw it, Arthur asked everyone to land their brooms so he could talk to everyone about an idea he has. Thankfully the timing of his idea is perfect since Bill and Fleur are staying with the Weasleys for a few weeks, as well as the twins. "As all of you know, You-Know-Who has been actively searching for Harry's current whereabouts and the Dursleys are less than kind to him. Your mother was getting up all hours of the night to check Harry's hand on the clock last night. She is extremely concerned about him, and frankly I am too. So, I have an idea that I know if we combine all our magical abilities as well as Hermione's knowledge about the muggle world we can make this work. I would like to create a watch for your mother that in a lot of ways is like our family clock but has a few more specific additions so your mother rest at night without constant worry. So, here's what I want to do…" Arthur said as he conjured a parchment listing each of the specific additions he wants for the watch. All the teens and Bill are extremely interested and immediately begin coming up with plans and assigning everyone to work on specific portions of the watch that their specific talents would be most useful in. Back at the Dursley's, Harry's summer is turning out the be the worst so far. "You thought that those freak friends of yours would intimidate me and make me out to be a terrible person, boy? Do you go 'round whining about how we treat you so horrible? DO YOU?!" Vernon boomed while holding Harry up by his shirt. "N-No Uncle Vernon. I would never say anything to them! I never told them to talk to you! Honest!" Harry stammered out. Vernon's response was a nasty right hook right to Harry's jaw, effectively knocking him out for several hours. At the Burrow, Mrs. Weasley was nervously glancing up at the clock every fifteen minutes during dinner. "Molly, he's fine. He's probably out with some friends or something. He's safe in Surrey. They haven't even located the town he resides in." Arthur told his wife concerned. "Arthur, his hand hasn't said 'Home' since we added it to the clock. Maybe it's not working correctly." Molly urged. "No mum, Harry's hand isn't broken because during the summer, he's not home. He has always considered Hogwarts his home. Not the Dursley's." Ron told his concerned mother. "That still isn't making my motherly instincts settle down. I just feel like something horrible is happening behind the doors to that house. I just can't shake the feeling." Molly said. After everyone is finished with dinner, everyone filed outside to Arthur's work shed so that they can discuss their ideas for the watch while Molly is cleaning up. They decide to have the watch have a golden band and a face that is disguised as a regular watch. The watch will only recognize her magical signature and no one else's. It will also show every possible thing that can happen to Harry while at the Dursley's including his mental status, amount of safety he is in at any given moment, the amount of danger he is in and what/who is causing the danger. The watch will also show his current actions to anyone Molly wants to see in the form of wizard photos projected into the air, and will record them if she so chooses. The crew works on the watch at every possible moment they can and after three days the watch is finally finished. Harry was sitting on his bed wondering how he will be able to write a letter to Ron and give off the front that everything is okay, when it is in fact not. Things were far from okay. Harry had woken up laying on the floor of his room in a pool of his own dried blood, so he knew he was knocked out for at least several hours. All the lights in the house were out and it was dark so he knew he had to have been out for at least six hours. After pulling out the piece of a broken mirror from his bedside table drawer he saw that the entire side of his face was so swollen it looked like a stinging jinx had hit it. Damn. Isn't this bloody well perfect. Not even twelve hours at the Dursleys and I am already covered in my own blood and have a broken jaw. Harry sighed, got up off his bed and took a piece of parchment and a quill from under the loose floorboard under his bed. He walked over to the small desk and sat in the chair to pen a letter to Ron, since he didn't have anything better to do at 2am. Dear Ron, Things are going as well as can be expected here with my relatives. I took a nap after I got here and slept through dinner and it is now 2am. Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia are probably not pleased with my "laziness" and "lying about all evening" but they will just have to get over it. How is everyone? Is