This is my first story, so all comments and reviews are very appreciated! I am making this as canon as I can, with the exception of just a couple of events and some names. Enjoy and please comment and share! Harry finally made his way down to Dumbledore's final resting place and comes to a complete halt. He sees Aberforth standing over his older brother's tomb with a Deathly Hallows necklace dangling from his hand. "Albus, I am so sorry I was such a prat to that Potter boy. I thought the kid was on one of your silly little missions. But that doesn't matter now, He's gone and I owe you and the boy an apology for not stepping in to help him earlier. I found this while looking through some of your old things in the attic of our old house and thought you would want it back. I am so sorry for blaming you, my brother. The only family I had left." Harry stood silently while Aberforth made his peace and then walked closer to him and said "you don't need to apologize to me or anyone. Without you, there are many lives that would have been lost. You saved countless lives of students and parents alike, and for that I thank you; we all thank you. It doesn't matter that you didn't step in earlier, what matters is that you helped us when we needed it the most. That's what makes the difference." When Harry finished, Aberforth turned around and they exchanged in silent conversation through the looks in their eyes and they didn't need to say another word about it. "Is that the Elder Wand?" Aberforth asked. "Yes, and it needs to be returned to where it belongs. Voldemort had it and when his curse rebounded on him and my disarming spell sent it flying to me. I don't want to walk around with this much power in my pocket, so I repaired my own wand with it and am returning it to him now. Would you like to help me open the tomb?" Aberforth stood in amazement, he couldn't believe his eyes. In the hand of the young boy in front of him is the most powerful wand to have ever existed. "okay, I will help you with raising the tomb. But may I suggest something before we do that?" Harry nodded. "you said you repaired your own wand with the Elder Wand, so I would assume that yours was broken in a fight or duel of some sort. Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but wouldn't it make more sense to make your wand unbreakable so that doesn't happen again?" Aberforth finished. Harry looked at him and said, "I never even thought of that." Before he even finished the sentence, he had already performed the spell, as well as placed a locator spell on his wand in case it was lost somehow. "Now," Harry said. "Now that that's over with, let's do what we have to do so I can go find a place to sleep before I pass out right here in front of you. I feel absolutely dreadful." Aberforth looked Harry over and asked if he was okay and Harry asserted that he is only overly exhausted. He didn't believe him, but figured he would be looked at when he returned to the castle. The two wizards did their business and said a few last words to Dumbledore's gravesite and each went on their separate ways. As Harry walked up to the main entrance, he felt like he was about to faint and suddenly was very dizzy, he had a sudden cold sweat, and collapsed as the lights went out. Mr. Weasley was guiding his sobbing wife through the entrance and said "Maybe a little walk of the grounds will help you settle yourself, Molly." She looked at her husband and when she did so, she saw something out of the corner of her tear ridden eye. "Arthur! Go and get someone for help! A boy is out here laying on the ground!" she ran toward the boy and nearly the entire castle heard her bellow "No! Harry! Wake up!" a second later two healers were rushing toward Molly and Harry. Ron and Hermione were close behind followed by Arthur. "I can't lose another child! I simply won't accept it!" Molly wept. "We have a pulse! Get him on the Gurney and on to St. Mungo's. He needs treatment, high priority!" Arthur grabbed his wife and comforted her as she sobbed uncontrollably. Hermione turned to Ron and told him "we need to go and get Ginny and the others now!" They ran to the Great Hall where she found Ginny comforting one of her friends, and Ron went and got the rest of the family. Hermione ran up to the two witches and said "I am so sorry for doing this while she's comforting you, but there is a family emergency and we need Ginny immediately." Before Ginny could comprehend what just happened, she was being half dragged through the Great Hall and out of the entrance with the rest of the family following close behind. Ginny had finally gotten her balance back and ripped Hermione's arm off from hers within a second of seeing Harry on the ground. She didn't even think and started sprinting toward the commotion. All she could think about was when Hagrid was carrying him from the forbidden forest with Voldemort and his cronies, and how happy she was when she found out he was alive. Before she had gotten to him, the healers had already apparated him to St. Mungo's and she was freaking out. "What happened! He was fine a half hour ago! Who did this to him! I want to know now!" Ginny was immediately grabbed by her mother, the only person able to calm her down at this point, and said "No one hurt him. They think it is a delayed effect of the killing curse he took in the forest, but he's alive and that's all that matters right now. Let's get to St. Mungo's so we can find out more." Bill and Fleur side along apparated together as well as Molly and Arthur, Ron and Hermione, and George and Ginny. Everyone else apparated to the hospital alone. When they arrived at the hospital, they couldn't believe the amount of people in the waiting room with injuries of varying degrees from the war. Molly ran over to the counter and asked "We need to find out where Harry Potter is immediately. He was just transferred here from Hogwarts." The receptionist began typing away furiously and said "Potter, room 201, South wing. Family only." Molly, Ginny, Ron, Hermione, and the rest of the clan immediately rushed over to the lifts and Arthur looking rather apologetic for his family's behavior told the woman thanks and rushed to the lift before it closed. When they got to Harry's room they were already hard at work on Harry, when one of the Healers finished what she was doing, she went over to talk with the family about his condition. "He's a very lucky man, he's going to make it." A collective sigh was expelled from all the Weasleys and Hermione. "As you all know, after he was hit with the killing curse, he momentarily died but then came back. That in and of itself is a miracle to be alive after being hit by two killing curses." She continued. "When Harry was hit with the curse, it had shattered many of his bones and one of them ruptured his spleen and the other ruptured both of his kidneys. He also has a severe bleed on his brain which I would only assume happened during his final battle with Voldemort." The Healer finished and asked if they had any questions. They all looked as dumbstruck as Vernon Dursley did when Hagrid first came and told Harry about Hogwarts. "How come he didn't feel any pain from his injuries and was able to continue fighting?" Hermione finally asked what they all wanted to know. "With all the adrenaline he had during the war along with his extraordinary magical abilities, He was temporarily able to keep going until the adrenaline and most of his magical energy was depleted from his body. Like I said, he is very lucky to be alive right now." The Healer finished. Since they were all certain he was going to pull through, everyone but Mr. and Mrs. Weasley, Ginny, Ron, Hermione, and George left to get cleaned up and go back to Hogwarts to help with what they could. George decided to head over to the Burrow and make sure everything was okay there, instead of going back to Hogwarts with the others. Ginny and Molly refused to leave Harry's side and they would only sleep in shifts in case Harry woke. Meanwhile, While Harry was in his coma, He was replaying in his mind the events of his entire life and was having a horrible nightmare about when Voldemort came back during the Triwizard Tournament, and then his encounter with Nagini at his parents' house last Christmas Eve, As well as the entire Battle of Hogwarts. In the real world, Ginny and Molly were trying everything they possibly could to wake Harry up because his arms were thrashing around and he was screaming in the bed. Finally, after a Healer got to his room he woke up when the Healer gave him a potion to make him wake up. When he opened his eyes, he saw Mrs. Weasley and Ginny standing over him with looks of concern etched across their faces with Ron, Hermione, and Mr. Weasley right behind them. He immediately knew he was just having a nightmare. "Oh My God Harry! You've finally come around!" Ginny exclaimed as she wrapped him in a hug. Suddenly the world was spinning around him and he felt like he was going to be violently ill. He pushed Ginny away and vomited all over the bed and it didn't stop. The Healer grabbed a potion and forced it down his throat in the seconds between his vomiting spells. After about ten minutes of retching after the potion, he finally stopped getting sick and the Healer cleaned the bed and everything else in his path with a wave of her wand. After everything was cleaned up, she put him in a Body Bind. "Okay Harry, I need you to listen to my directions carefully. You have a severe bleed on your brain and I need you to stay as still as possible and answer the questions I am going to ask you. Can you do that?" The Healer asked. He nodded his head in agreement. "what is your full name?" "Harry James Potter" "When is your Birthday" "July 31, 1980" "What year is it?" "1998" The Healer turned to Molly and Ginny and said "He has no neurological damage with his speech and memory, so that's good." Harry was watching her as she wrote things down on his chart. "Alright Harry, now we have to check and see if you have feeling in your legs and arms." Ginny and Molly looked at each other and then looked at the Healer and Molly asked "Are you saying he could be paralyzed?" the Healer gave them a sad look and said as she lifted the Body Bind. "Yes, with the severe injury to his brain currently and all of the head injuries he's had in the past, it is a possibility" She then turned to Harry who was visibly terrified of having to live in a wheelchair. "I am going to use a sharp tool to poke your legs and feet. You need to tell me if you feel it." She poked him and he just looked at her waiting for her to poke him. "did you do it yet?" Harry asked. Everyone in the room paled