6 Chapter 1: Football, Kwidditch, and Scotch Super sorry for the delay! The Alexis Lestrange series shall now officially continue. Unfortunately, this chapter is a great deal like the original with a few added characters and dialogue as I found the whole chapter quite important. This will not be the case for the majority of the rest of the book which will likely follow loosely along with the original sixth until the end. With that being said, this is the sixth book in the Alexis Lestrange series. I would recommend going back and reading the first five. However, as my writing is quite heinous in them, especially early on, I will try to make that not necessary. Disclaimer : I own nothing but the OCs! 6 Chapter 1: Football, Kwidditch, and Scotch The Prime Minister of England and the Leader of the Free World did not have much in common, a fact that was quite evident to both men as they lounged around the Prime Minister's office one late afternoon. The Prime Minister was a taller, more strung out kind of man, who was quite proud of his gentleman elegance and action-before-words method of work. The President, on the other hand, was shorter, more brawny with the wider width a man gains naturally with age - or so the President would say - though not at all the personality of one as old as he. He was much louder, rambunctious even, with a hearty laugh the Prime Minister thought he heard far too many times but not quite as much as the man's uncouth wit. Nonetheless, both men were the leaders of their countries and were, supposedly, the best each had to offer. "I don't suppose ya'll have considered starting a football team anytime soon?" asked the President with his deep, slow drawl in his latest attempt to start idle conversation. The two were both waiting on a call from a foreign president in a country far away and unlike the Prime Minister, the President could not do so in silence. "We have several football teams, already, Mister President," said the Prime Minister coolly. However, if he had hoped for the President to catch his desire not to banter with him, he was sorely disappointed. "Football, Prime Minister!" chuckled the President, as if he had thought the Prime Minister was simply jesting him. "Football! A real man's sport, you know? Now don't get me wrong, pal. Your little soccer league here seems great and all, but if you really want to start a national sport, football is what you need!" "It's not soccer," grumbled the Prime Minister, testily. "It's football." "Right, right," said the President, still chuckling. "Just like they're chips instead of fries, good ol' chap?" Having just heard the President just make his eighth horrendous attempt at an English accent, the Prime Minister wisely squeezed the edge of his desk instead of the President's large throat. "Can't believe my term is almost up," sighed the President, sinking into his armchair by the fire. "Me either," sighed the Prime Minister for a completely different reason. Of course, as it were the Prime Minister's luck, the President didn't see it as so. "Don't be too sad, pal," laughed the President in good nature. "You can always trust in my successor to help you with these troubling times. He may be a bit of a... Left Wing, but, well, he's still my successor. And there ain't a dang thing my country wouldn't be willing to do to help your troubled country in its time of need." The Prime Minister's eye twitched. He was quickly growing annoyed of the President's repetitive offer to help him run his country. He was quite capable of running it himself despite what the President and the papers might think. Times had just been... unlucky. "While I appreciate the offer, Mister President, England is quite capable of taking care of herself. A mysterious bridge collapsing and a freak hurricane -" "Don't forget those two unexplained murders and your aid going bananas," added the President in a helpful tone. The Prime Minister found it anything but. "I did not," said the Prime Minister, close to the edge. "Nonetheless, a series of unfortunate events no one could have foreseen does not mean that we need outside help." "Yes, but even still," argued the President without any malice. "Events like that would never had happened in -" The Prime Minister had been about to tell the President just how much he really didn't give a flying flamingo what he thought when a loud cough sounded in the room. It came from the picture hand on the wall behind the desk. "Did your picture just cough?" asked the President curiously. "Err..." For a brief moment, the Prime Minister allowed himself the impossible hope that he and the President had just been hearing things. However, a voice responded at once, a crisp, decisive voice that sounded as though it were reading a prepared statement. It was coming — as the Prime Minister had known the moment he had heard the cough — from the frog-like little man wearing a long silver wig who was depicted in a small, dirty oil painting behind him. "To the Prime Minister of Muggles. Urgent we meet. Kindly respond immediately. Sincerely, Fudge." The man in the painting looked inquiringly at the Prime Minister. However, the Prime Minister had his eyes locked on the President. Having never been one to panic or stammer when caught in a sticky situation, the Prime Minister tried his best to prepare himself for whatever reaction his foreign counterpart was about to display. He had expected panic, hysteria, a grand chuckle and the dismissive belief that the talking painting behind the two of them was just a ruse. The Prime Minister, however, had not been expecting - "Aren't you going to reply?" asked the President before returning to his glass of scotch. The Prime Minister blinked owlishly. The man in the painting simply looked inquiringly at the Prime Minister. "Err," said the Prime Minister, glancing warily at the jolly American hogging all of his scotch before finally answering the painting, "listen... Now isn't a very good time... I'm with the President, you see... We're waiting on a call from the President of -" "That can be rearranged," said the portrait at once. The Prime Minister's heart sank. He had been afraid of that. "But I really was rather hoping to speak -" "We shall arrange for the President to forget to call. He will telephone tomorrow night instead," said the little man. "Kindly respond immediately to Mr. Fudge." "But, but I have a guest!" exclaimed the Prime Minister. He knew he was getting desperate now if he'd rather spend time with the verbose President and apparently so did the man in the painting as he sent the Prime Minister a narrow look. "I... oh... very well," said the Prime Minister weakly. "Yes, I'll see Fudge." He took his seat behind his desk, straightening his tie as he did so. The President simply sipped on his scotch nonchalantly in his chair, his face completely at ease when compared to the Prime Minister, when bright green flames burst into life in the empty grate beneath his marble mantelpiece. Both world leaders watched, the Prime Minister trying his best not to flinch instinctively, as a portly man appeared within the flames, spinning as fast as a top. Seconds later, he had climbed out onto a rather fine antique rug, brushing ash from the sleeves of his long pin-striped cloak, a lime-green bowler hat in his hand. "Ah... Prime Minister," said Cornelius Fudge, striding past the President without a glance, his hand outstretched. "Good to see you again." The Prime Minister could not honestly return the compliment. He was not remotely pleased to see Fudge, whose occasional appearances, apart from being downright alarming in themselves, generally meant that he was about to hear some very bad news. Furthermore, Fudge was looking distinctly careworn. He was thinner, balder, and grayer, and his face had a crumpled look. The Prime Minister had seen that kind of look in politicians before, and it never boded well nor was it ever a face easy to figure out what to say to. Luckily, the Prime Minister did not have to say anything, for it was at that moment the President decided to insert his foot in his mouth. "Jeez, buddy," he chuckled startling Fudge who had failed to see him. "You get in a fight with your lady friend?" "I beg your pardon?" asked Fudge. "You look like you've been through the mill, pal," said the President, still chuckling as Fudge straightened himself up indignantly. "Who in Merlin's name are you?" At that moment, the fire lit up once more and a second man was sent spinning out of it. A taller, much younger, and far more familiar man stepped out onto the rug, wordlessly cleaning the ash from himself and the rug with a single flick of a strange wooden stick protruding from his sleeve. "Another Muggle world leader," snipped the man towards Fudge before changing his rather harsh persona to a more amicable one while smiling to the President. "Or as you say, No-Maj. Correct, Mister President?" The President let out another one of his barking laughs. "Quite right!" he chuckled, raising his scotch to the man before taking another generous sip. "And you are, sir?" "Carter," answered the Prime Minister, unable to help himself. Out of the two, he had always very much preferred Carter Van Swine over Cornelius Fudge - or as he liked to call Fudge, the other Minister. The brown haired, young wizard's smile was friendly though undeniably smug as he flicked his wand wordlessly at the windows and door in the office. "Evening, Rick," he said, offering the Prime Minister his hand in greeting once his wand was put away. "How's the little niece?" The Prime Minister muttered a response as dread slowly began settling in. Although he found Carter, despite his ability to make morbid and sarcastic comments at the worst of times, an amicable person to be around, he rarely had the pleasure of enjoying his company without Fudge being involved and if Fudge was involved the feeling of dread was inevitable. "What seems to be the problem, gentlemen?" the Prime Minister asked, gesturing for the two to join the President in the seating area by the fire. He always found it best to skip the formalities with Fudge and to get straight to the point in a manner much like removing a band-aid in one swift motion. It might sting but at least he got it over with. "Difficult to know where to begin," muttered Fudge, taking his seat awkwardly across from the President and placing his green bowler upon his knees. "Not really," said Carter, who, unlike Fudge, had always been at ease in the Prime Minister's office and very casually seated himself next to the President. "You could begin anywhere and get to the point. The Brockdale Bridge, Amelia Bones and Vance's murders, the Giants in West Country -" "You — er — your — I mean to say, some of your people were — were involved in those — those things, were they?" The President shook his finger in a grandfather manner. "The Congress would never let such things -" "Now see here!" interrupted Fudge sternly. "Shut up, Fudge, you idiot," snapped Carter harshly. Immediately, Fudge shrunk in on himself. Despite appreciating Carter reprimanding Fudge's rude attitude, the action did not fail in taking the Prime Minister by surprise. Carter had always been more passive (and on some occasions, passive aggressive, the Prime Minister remembered) towards Fudge's rather uncouth and sometimes downright rude attitude. At least, that had been the case when he first met the two, which was an experience the Prime Minister was quite sure he would never forget until his dying day. He had been standing