Gone Mad By: Megan summers Bella prov. In New Moon Place: in Bella bed room do not own twilight My life is not any better just because Jake saved me from drowning, it doesn't change anything. Edward is still gone and I'm still all alone in my bed. Sometimes I wish I would have drowned so I still wouldn't have to feel like this. All I do is lie in my bed and do nothing every day waiting with my true love to come back; I leave my window open for "him". It's hard to even think of his name without reminding me that he left because he didn't want me. Every light in the house was off because Charlie was going fishing for three days with his friends because it was spring break. He asks me to come with him but I hate fishing so I thought it would be better to stay at home. I'm 18 now so he doesn't mind as much. It was almost 9:00 so I was getting tired. As I was about to fall asleep I heard a knock on the door. It was loud enough for me to hear it so I got up and started to walk down stairs. As I was half way down, BANG! BANG! BANG! The banging was so loud it made me jump a little, why was someone banging this hard. I started to speed walk to the door but then, BANG! BANG! BANG! I jumped back thinking that this person was going to knock down my door. I didn't want to open the door after that. I decided to grab the bat that was under the couch. Charlie keeps one under there for, safe keeping. The banging came again, I was starting to get scared, I backed up slowly until I hit the wall. The banging just wouldn't stop. I was freaking out right now; I didn't know who was on the other side of that door and what that person wanted to do. I was too scared to move, I couldn't call anyone because I left my phone in my car. I slid down the wall closed my eyes waiting for what was going to happen next. Nothing, no sound, the beating stopped. I open my eyes with relief, thinking that the person left, I let out one deep breath, and BOOM! The door busted open with one loud sound. I closed my eyes again hoping that I didn't see who could it had been and hoping that this was all a dream. BELLA! A beautiful yet most relieved voice said. That voice sounded really fumier like IV herd it before, ALICE! I got up dropped the bat and ran to her throwing my entire body to her hug her. Oh my god Alice you're here, like really here! IV mists you so much, where have you, she stopped me right in the middle of my question. I thought you were dead Bella! Confusion filled my face, what? I saw you jump off a cliff, why were you trying to kill yourself?! I wasn't trying to kill myself I was cliff jumping it's supposed to be fun. Why would you do something like that, everyone thinks you're dead, Edward is going crazy because of it! I shivered at that name when she said it. She stopped moving, like froze and started to look off into space, she was having a vishoion. Alice what is it, what do you see. She turned and looked at me, oh nothing just the same as usual. And what is that? She looked at me with worried in her eyes, ok Bella when Edward, umm, left, he was really deapest. Whatever he said to you in the forest was a lie Bella, believe me. He is really shaking up about it. I didn't believe her; I had to really see it to believe it. That vision I just had was about Edward, he has gone mad and he won't let up help him. Edward, gone mad, I don't think so, vampires can't go mad there dead. Yes but Bella there is something seriously wrong about this he has been acting really weird lately and everyone is worried about him. He won't go hunting, we have to actually feed it to him, he won't come out of the room and he won't change his cloths. Could this all be true, could he actually be like this just because he thinks I'm dead? Bella I came here to see if you were dead because I wasn't sheer or not, right after I left to come back here I have been having blur visions of you, and I wasn't sheer if they were really you or not. Well I'm not dead and I wasn't trying to kill myself so what do you want. It was hard for me to say something mean to Alice because I really miss her but when, he left she left with him. Bella I know you're mad but scene you're not dead, I have a big favor to ask you. Typical Alice, even when you are really close to death she will ask a favor from you. Well everyone is worried about Edward but he pushes everyone away and doesn't answer his phone I was wondering sense you are alive and that you might be able to talk to him because he might listen to you better than any of us. My eyes open wide, why should I go help him, he left me, and he didn't want me anymore. I was regretting what I was saying because I really wanted to see him, to be able to be next to him again. Bella, you and I both know that you want to see him so please make a decision and hurry. Should I go? Should I help the person who left me in the woods knowing that he didn't love me anymore? I should say no but there is a little more in me than that, besides he needs my help and I wasn't going to just sit there and for him to hurt himself. Ok Alice, I'll do it. A huge smile came on her face, thank you Bella. Before I knew it she picked me up, put me in the car and started to drive off. I hadn't gone that fast in a while so it kind of surprised me a little. She was going 90 miles per hour down a two lane road, she was going so fast, I grabbed onto my seat belt and raped it around me. Where are we going? To the air port first and that will take us were we needed to go. She didn't really give me a good answer but I had to deal with it, even when she is a vampire and can do almost anything, I don't want to hound her with questions and make her lose focus of the road. It takes about 3 hours to get to the air port but scene Alice was driving so fast we got there in a half hour. The plane ride was nice; we got to sit in first class, mostly because Alice would never sit where she looked poor. Once we got there Alice had a car waiting for us, a yellow mustang, of corce it's her favorite car. We started to drive fast down the road but not as fast as we did in forks because there were a lot more cars and people here. It was a big town, lot of buildings and houses. Where are we? Reo. It's the place where Edward was going to take you for your birthday until, umm the actsident. After that we didn't talk anymore on the way there, but Alice slowed down a little and and I saw 2 buildings, one was really nice and looked expensive, the other looked broken and non livable. She parked right in the middle of them. When I got out of the car I started to head to the really nice expensive one until Alice stopped me. I kind of new that he had to be in the nice one because vampires can live anywhere they want, they can trick anyone to get what there actually after. But I was wrong, he wasn't in the nice one, he was in the bad one, the one that looked like crap, maybe he was crazy. Once we got in there, it smelt terrible, like someone died, there where holes in the walls and missing stairs and I think I saw a couple rats. I looked over to Alice who was waiting for me to ask a lot of questions but I wanted to prove her wrong, I want her to think that I don't really care where he stays because I think he disserves it for leaving in the first place. I turned around and looked down the hall, there where rooms on each side of the hall and they had no doors so I could see in each room. I was walking slowly down the hall until I heard a noise. It sounded like a voice and I had a pretty good idea that I know who it was. I ran down the hall and what felt like ran into a brick wall. Bella before you go in there, you might want to look at what you're going to be dealing with first. I knew what she meant so I walked tords the door and just peeked in. There he was sitting on a couch in the middle of the room. My hart skipped a beat when I saw him. It was a lot to take in because I haven't seen him in so long. I finally found Edward, my one and only love. But wait, this Edward looked a lot different, he had what looked like dark circles under his eyes and his skin was paler than it should be, his hair was supposed to be the best part because it's always messy in a way but now it's just a mess. Alice was right he didn't change his cloths, he still had the same thing he wore when I last saw him but now they were dirty and had holes in them. His voice I missed the most, he always had the sweetest voice, but the first word came out of his mouth it changed. He had I high pitched week sound in his voice. Hey where have you been, I have been waiting for you. At first I thought he saw me and was talking to me but he was turned and facing the other side of the couch sitting with his legs crossed. Who was he talking to; he started to wave his hands like he was doing jesters while talking. You know I really miss you. I have been waiting to do this for a while now, and I'm thinking now is a good time. What did he want to do? What was he waiting for? All these questions built up in my mind. He was holding his hand up like he was touching something. I think he thinks that there is an invisible person there. He jumped, landing on the invisible person but he didn't land on anything. He started to what looked like make out with the invisible person. He moans a little, and this was starting to get a little weird. In the middle of all that his hand dropped on the couch, his eyes open and looked sad. He sat up pushing his hands forward and shaking them like he just found out that no one it there. He sat back on the couch, pulled his legs to his cheats and put his head in his legs and cried. He couldn't really cry but it was close enough. I was about to run in there and hug him, I hated seeing him like this.