chapter one. His mom was going to kill him. This is what Percy was thinking as he drove along the interstate at three in the morning. His mom was definitely going to kill him, and that little note that he'd left behind to apologize for his absence wasn't going to satisfy her. It wasn't his fault honestly. He just honestly needed to get away - from everything. Maybe he was being a little melodramatic for a seventeen year old, but he just needed to do this. There had been a feeling inside his chest, like a sort of pressure for the past five months, and it made him feel like he was drowning. Now, on the interstate with nothing but miles of road in front of him, that pressure was finally gone. He felt free. "Oh, dear god, please don't call the cops on me," he whispered to himself. Hopefully his mom would realize that this was just something that he needed to do, but her overwhelmingly maternal concern would probably override that part of her. If he was being honest, he felt more than a little guilty for just taking off in the middle of the night, but what was he supposed to do? Percy shook his head and rolled down the windows, letting the cool night air clear his head. He turned the radio on and hummed along to some random pop single as he let his mind go blank. His old Honda Accord rolled patiently onwards into the night, and Percy enjoyed the feeling of not thinking for a while. The sun began to peek out over the horizon as time bled past, and Percy squinted as his eyes adjusted to the light. He'd have to stop somewhere and grab breakfast, he realized. There was quite a bit of money in his wallet from his time working at the grocery store. He had about a thousand or so dollars on him, so he wasn't too concerned about running out. Sleeping in the car was just fine to him, and it would save him money that he would have wasted on hotels. There was a sleeping bag in the trunk and a suitcase with a bunch of his clothes too. He'd packed practically considering the nature of his venture. What that nature was, he didn't know. All he did know for certain was that he was going to drive to California, coast to coast, before he would let himself think about what to do next. He just hoped the old car would last that far. A few hours later, he saw a roadside diner and decided to stop by and grab breakfast. He walked in and was greeted by a cheerful brunette woman. She showed him to a seat and took his order of bacon and eggs without harassing him about his age or asking too many probing questions, which was something Percy was grateful for. A red haired girl about his age was also working behind the counter, wiping the counter top and giving him a cautious look. Percy felt uncomfortable under her steely gaze so he decided to ignore it. When he finally got his food, he began to wolf it down, unaware of how hungry he truly was. "Slow down, hun, or you'll choke on something," the waitress laughed. Blood rushed to Percy's cheeks and turned them pink as he immediately slowed down. The news was on, and Percy was watching as he continued to eat. There was some boring story about the fire department doing something or other, but there were little snippets of other stories airing at the bottom. Percy nearly choked on an egg as he read one: New York teen runs away from home - police on the lookout . That had to be him unless some other New York teen was also running away from home on the same day that he was. That settled it. He had to finish his food and scram. If they put up a picture of him or something, the people in the diner might recognize him and turn him in. He quickly finished his meal and left some cash and a tip behind as he raced back to his car. He started it as quickly as he could and sped back onto the interstate. When he was about twenty or so miles away, his heart rate finally dropped back down to a more manageable level. He sighed to himself. He'd have to be more careful if he ever wanted to reach California without getting caught by the police or something of the sort. He turned the radio on again and sang to pass the time. If it wasn't for the fact that he had to concentrate somewhat on the road, he would have gotten really bored. Even so, driving wasn't as stimulating an activity as he needed. Percy sort of wished that he had a companion or someone to go along with him, if only to have someone to converse with. But alas, things weren't ever really that easy, so he decided that he might as well get used to it. It being the life of solitude as a runaway vagabond. "Uh oh," Percy muttered to himself as he saw a car smoking on the side of the road. The car looked completely done for, and he knew that it wasn't going to be mobile anytime soon. There was a blonde girl standing next to the car kicking angrily at the tires. Part of him really wanted to drive past and continue on his merry way, but he couldn't just abandon her to her own devices. So with a sigh, he found himself slowing down and drawing to the side of the road despite his better judgment. "You need a hand?" he asked, stepping out of the care. The girl looked up at him with a frustrated expression. She threw up her hands and cried, "The damn thing just went and died on me as I was driving!" "So why don't you just call up Triple A or something?" Percy asked. She drew a sour face. "I can't," she said. "You can't?" he repeated dumbfounded. "What do you mean you can't?" "It means I can't, you nincompoop. Don't make me repeat myself," she huffed. Percy held his hands up in surrender. "No reason to get all touchy - I was just wondering," he muttered, starting to thoroughly regret his decision to stop and help out. The more miles he put between him and home, the less likely he was to being caught. He hoped this wouldn't be too costly a distraction. The girl bit her lip and studied him for a moment before sighing wearily. "Oh fuck it, I don't really have any options. I can't call because I'm running away from home. There. Stupid, I know," she explained. Percy's eyes widened. Holy shit. This was unreal to him. Apparently there was another teen runaway from New York on the same day that he decided to run away. Fate must have a cruel sense of irony, he mused. "So let me get this straight: you're running away from home, and your car broke down as you left?" he asked, stifling a smile. "Yeah, you're right. Laugh it up, asshole," she huffed, sitting on the trunk of her car and hugging her knees to her chest. Percy started laughing and wheezing. This seemed to piss the girl off even more, but he couldn't help it. He finally managed to pull himself together to formulate a coherent sentence, all while she glowered at him. "It just so happens that I am also running away from home, so if you want, I could give you a ride maybe," he offered, despite thinking his words through. Her eyes widened in surprise before she glowered at him. "Eat shit and die. That's not funny. I actually believed you for a second," she spat. "No no, I'm being serious!" Percy protested, holding his palms up. "I'll honestly give you a ride if you want one." She cocked her head to the side, still unsure whether Percy was playing some elaborate practical joke on her. Percy huffed impatiently. "Look, you're wasting my time, and that means there's a much higher chance that someone finds us out here. I mean think about it: two teenagers parked on the side of the interstate during a school day is sure to look suspicious to anyone that drives by. So hurry it up," he said. "Fine," the girl said cautiously. "I'll grab the stuff in my trunk." "I'll help out," Percy said. She gave him a defiant look, so he rolled his eyes and explained, "So that it'll go faster, Wonder Woman. Geez, offering to help doesn't mean I'm looking down on you." At that, she rolled her eyes but allowed him to help without any further protest. There wasn't enough room in the trunk for all of the girl's belongings, so her suitcase was sitting in the backseat, but within a few minutes, they were back on the road again, sitting beside each other in taciturn awkwardness. "I'm Percy by the way." "Annabeth," the girl replied, pointedly looking out the window. There was another awkward silence before Percy ventured to make conversation again. "So where are you headed?" he asked. Annabeth simply shrugged, sending her golden ringlets into a frenzy. Percy found himself sighing again, and he realized that this was probably going to be a routine occurrence with her around. "Look, Annabeth, if we're going to be traveling together we might as well try to act friendly. I'm not saying we have to be best buds, but it would be cool if we weren't at each others throats, you know?" he said. "Yeah, sure, whatever," Annabeth replied noncommittally. Percy pursed his lips and drove on silently. Maybe he'd just have to wait a while for her to open and stuff. After all, laughing at her when she was stranded on the side of the road wasn't a good way to make first impressions. It would probably take some time, but at least his wish from earlier on was granted: he had a travel companion. She was kinda pretty in the right light, Percy supposed. Her hair was golden and fell in messy ringlets down to her shoulders, and she had an athletic form. Her skin was pretty tan despite her being from New York. Her eyes were gray, which was kinda weird, but Percy wasn't about to go comparing it to something cheesy like pools of silver or anything. They were just gray and kinda steely looking. He decided to turn on the radio instead of sitting in awkward silence. Percy looked at her to see if she was going to give off any sort of reaction, but she didn't stir from her window gazing. It was some indie song with a catchy guitar part, and Percy found himself humming along. He'd heard the song before, so he knew the lyrics and the tune somewhat. "I was scared of pretty girls and starting conversations," he sang. "All my friends are turning green. You're the magicians assistant in their dreams." He didn't really have a good voice, but he enjoyed singing anyways. Annabeth turned around when he started singing, and she gave him an upturned eyebrow. Percy shrugged and kept singing along albeit poorly. "I love you when you're singing that song, and I got a lump my throat because you're gonna sing the words wrong." "You're a fan of Vance Joy?" Annabeth asked, surprising Percy. "Uh, sorta?" he answered with a shrug. "I like this song a lot. It's kinda quirky in that pseudo-romantic, John Green kinda way, you know?" Annabeth smirked. "That's awfully specific of you." Percy gave her a sidelong glance and tried to ignore the way the sun was hiding behind her, casting a halo of light around her hair. "What can I say, I'm a born poet, Annabeth," he