at the end of the ocean As their car drew closer to the airport, Percy felt his heart-rate quicken. He rubbed his sweaty palms against his jeans and swallowed. This was really going to happen. He was finally going to be able to see her, but the closer the car got to the terminal, the more he began to panic. Percy wasn't ready for this. Or rather, he wasn't ready for her . "I think it's so cute that you're getting nervous to see your internet friend," Sally cooed. "Mom!" Percy yelled. God, it felt like his cheeks were on fire. He probably looked like a fire hydrant because of how hard he was blushing. Sally turned over her shoulder and grinned at him. "I'm sorry. I know I promised not to embarrass you in front of her. I'll do my best to keep it together," she said. Percy sighed with relief. "Thank you." "For the record, it's still adorable." "You're staying in the car, Mom." Sally laughed, and Percy was ten thousand percent sure that he was going to make a complete ass of himself. This wasn't the first time he wished he had a driver's license. But he'd only just turned 16 a few months ago, back in August before the start of the school year. He was still doing behind the wheel lessons because his life was terrible and he could never have nice things. He smiled to himself for a second. If he'd said that to Annabeth, she probably would've laughed. Now, he wasn't one to toot his own horn, but he prided himself on his ability make her laugh. It hadn't been easy at first, if he was being completely honest. Annabeth made him laugh more often than he made her laugh. "We're here," Sally said, interrupting his thoughts. "Oh, really?" he asked. "Yes, now go!" With that, Percy opened the car door and began to run for the airport doors. "I'll park in the parking garage. You have a phone on you so call me if you need to know where I am exactly," Sally called after him. He passed through the automatic glass doors and into the lobby. There was a television display of all the arrivals and departures, including the baggage claim areas for the flights that had flow into JFK. Philadelphia — No. Santa Fe — No. SFO. Oh, that was it! Baggage claim six. He immediately ran, following the signs to the baggage claim. He wasn't sure why he was running. Maybe it was a little melodramatic to run, like he was in some sort of rom com, but he just couldn't wait any longer. They'd talked about this for so long, being able to meet up in person that is. Now it was finally possible, so, honestly, Percy couldn't care less if he looked melodramatic. Percy scanned the baggage claim carousel for any sign of Annabeth. They'd skyped a few times before so he knew what she looked like. Wait, where was she? He couldn't see any sign of her. Was he at the wrong baggage carousel? No, he was at six. "How long are you gonna stand there, Seaweed Brain?" He turned and saw her standing there in a grey peacoat, fighting back a smile as she held a suitcase and adjusted the backpack slung over her shoulder, and he was just so overwhelmed. This was real. This was really happening. Stars danced in front of his eyes, and he realized that he hadn't been breathing. "Annabeth?" he asked. He didn't know why he asked, but he just had to. "In the flesh," she said, spreading her arms out wide. She couldn't hold back her smile anymore, and a teary laugh escaped her, which was possibly the most beautiful sound that he'd ever heard in his entire life. He didn't walk over to her slowly and reverently like they did in the movies. Instead, he ran over to her and tackled her in a fierce hug and tried to ignore the fact that something was in his eyes because really, there was no way he was crying. It didn't even occur to him that he might've been invading her personal space, so he pulled back, feeling extremely awkward, when Annabeth's arms wrapped around him and held him there. "Not yet," she whispered, and Jesus he really was crying. She had to have been able to tell, judging by the way his entire body heaved as he stood there crying into the fabric of her coat. He probably looked so stupid, but when he felt a tear drop against the side of his neck he knew that she felt it too. It was like everything he ever imagined. They just fit together like they were made for one another, and her arms around him made him feel like was home. Home right there in a place that could never be called home, an airport. But he was home. It felt like a lifetime and only seconds before they finally broke off the hug. Percy rubbed at his eyes with the edge of his shirt sleeve and laughed, and it was not a pretty sound. His voice was all congested from the water works that he was going through only a few seconds before. Annabeth was still smiling at him, and he could see the same myriad of emotions that he felt in himself flashing in her eyes. "You're really here," he said, his voice raw and croaky from the crying. "Yeah, I know right? I sure took my sweet time, but I finally made it." "I feel like an idiot right now," Percy said, rubbing his eyes again. "I'm standing here, making a scene at the airport." "You do have a penchant for theatrics," she quipped. He hid his eyes behind his shirt sleeve and smiled. "Meanie," he said. "Yeah, yeah, hurry it up, Jackson. If you keep crying you're going to flood the whole airport. People will start drowning, and the flights would canceled. They'd have to call in FEMA for disaster relief. It would be a huge mess," she said. "You were crying too," Percy protested. Annabeth had the decency to blush a little, mumbling for him to shut up, and he felt a little bit better. They started walking together out of the baggage claim area and towards the parking garage. Wait, what was he supposed to do with his hands? Should he just stick them in his pockets or try to hold her hand? No, no, that was too weird. No hand-holding. Maybe he could offer to help her with her luggage, but he knew she'd turn him down. God, when had this ever been something to worry about before? "Stop thinking," Annabeth commanded. Percy looked at her, and she cast him a sidelong glance. "You're thinking too much, so stop thinking. You're gonna ruin it if you're just stuck in your head the entire time," she said. He put his hands in his pockets and said, "I don't like it when you're right." "So all the time then?" Percy snorted, and Annabeth's smirk widened just a little. He led her through the doors and into the parking garage. The car was parked near the front so he didn't even need to use his phone. Sally opened the trunk as they drew closer to the car, and she came out of the car, beaming at Annabeth. "You must be Annabeth!" she said, wrapping her arms around her for a hug. "It's good to meet you, Sally." Sally looked at Percy with an upturned eyebrow. "So am I to understand that I'm a topic of discussion?" she asked, a playful lilt to her voice. "He has nothing but good things to say about you, trust me," Annabeth said. That seemed to please her, so once they got her luggage in the car, they drove out of the airport. The both of them sat in the backseat, not really sure what to do with his mother in the front seat. It wasn't like they were dating or anything, but it stifled the prospects of conversation. Mostly, Sally talked, and they chimed in here and there until they got to the apartment. "So, Annabeth can have the guest bedroom," Sally said, opening the front door. "Percy you can show her where that is, and she can drop off her luggage. I'll make you both something to eat in the mean time." "Mom," Percy said. Sally looked at him indignantly. "You don't expect me to invite someone into my home without feeding them, do you? Really, I thought you'd know better by now." When Percy groaned, Annabeth said, "I'm looking forward to it." "So this is where you're going to stay," Percy said, standing in the doorway as she surveyed the room. "It's awesome, thanks," she said. "Okay, good, good," Percy said, shifting from side to side. "So…" Annabeth looked at him with a raised eyebrow. "So?" she asked. "What happens next?" Annabeth laughed and said, "I was hoping you'd be able to tell me, Seaweed Brain. After all, you're the one that knows what's fun to do around here." He racked his brain for ideas that were close by considering it was getting dark outside. "Well, we could go to the park near the house?" he offered. "Ok, sure." They tried to leave together once she'd stowed her luggage away, but Sally'd caught them and forced them to have dinner. They left after they were done eating, and the sky has turned a dark, inky blue. It was the first moment that the two of them had since the airport. "For the record, I don't usually cry like that and stuff," Annabeth said, and Percy noted that her cheeks had turned a gentle shade of red. He laughed and said, "Lucky for you, that is how much I cry." "Yeah, I've noticed," Annabeth said dryly. "The visits start tomorrow, huh?" he asked, kicking a stray pebble on the road. She nodded. "Yeah, Columbia tomorrow, and then we're driving to Ithaca to see Cornell over the weekend, right?" she asked. "I was thinking we could just take a train up to Cornell," Percy said, shrugging. "Unless you're really hellbent on sitting on a long car ride with my mom in the front seat." "Point taken. Train ride it is," Annabeth said with a smile. They each sat down on swings in silence for a while. "The whole thing feels surreal," Annabeth said. "Yeah. I still can't believe you're here." "Neither do I," Annabeth said, looking at him. Percy felt his throat go dry. She was so beautiful. There was no moonlight shining down on her face. No mystical forces of nature creating a perfect moment. There was nothing out of a fantasy. They were just sitting there. Two sixteen year olds at a swingset in the park, and she was the most beautiful thing that he'd ever seen. There was that voice in his head telling him to say something, to tell her that she was beautiful, to tell her how he felt about her. As always, he stifled the voice, but now that she was actually sitting in front of him, not thousands of miles away on the other side of a computer screen, he found that he couldn't. "What? Is there something on my face? I thought there was a bit of sauce that got on my cheek or something," Annabeth said, rubbing her cheek with a frown. "Oh, um, no, you're fine," he stammered. "You okay?" she asked, looking at him with an earnest look in her eyes. There was a brief moment of silence before he decided he should tell her at least some of the truth. "Not really," he sighed. "I just feel so overwhelmed now that you're here. Like I know we both said that this felt unreal and stuff, but I'm feeling so many emotions right now, it's hard to even think