Chapter One The Great War was over, at least that's what everyone in both the magical and muggle world insisted on believing. Yet Azkaban was still working at full capacity under Prime Minister Kingsley's care and it was run so efficiently, that the muggles began modeling certain procedures in their prisons, minus the Dementors, to many a wardens' chagrin. Kingsley himself would rather have cast those foul creatures out with all the rest of Voldemort's rats that had abandoned ship upon his demise, but they still had a job to do. Out in the darkest places, the coldest of deep places, from subterranean caverns to the highest mountains' peak there lived enough obscene, unnatural things that would keep Harry, Ginny, and the other Aurorers busy for years. Making his obligatory rounds with the Warden, Kingsley shivered at the howls of fear, horror and abandonment. Each individual cell was now cursed with a spell that brought about total isolation, a never-ending darkness, that covered the space from the floor to the ceiling above that kept the prisoner with complete sensory deprivation as deep a blackness as Hades itself. The Dementors flew in and out of each cell, spreading nightmares, bleakness, and misery. The violence of memories, the hideousness of that which haunted the mind was not only brought to life but was also larger, more menacing, and more terrifying than anything imaginable. Hermione Granger pushed up her sunglasses, again, all the while struggling to hold her cauldron, books and notes and trying to keep up with the completely exasperating man striding briskly ahead, his heels clicking furiously, robes billowing out as he called back with heavy sarcasm "Do kindly keep up, Granger. Even Neville moved quicker than you." Muttering about " a true gentleman would offer a lady help ", she ground her teeth together so hard that she unintentionally made the persistent pounding in her head turn to a sharp stab. Gasping for breath, she swayed for a moment until the pain passed into rhythm again. She'd woken with the intense migraine again, a fact she didn't want to think about right now for she was petrified that it meant what it did in the past. "No…please no. I can't bear going through that again, this time all alone..." She also didn't have time to brew a soother as, for the first time in her life, she'd slept through her alarm. She did not want to lose her apprenticeship with Snape. The fact of the matter was, she was fortunate that the grumpy, arrogant, stubborn, and thoroughly infuriating man ahead of her even allowed her to plead her case as to why she'd wanted to, not only return to her studies after Hogwarts was put to rights and classes resumed, but to become his apprentice upon graduation. She was exceptionally good at potions, even Snape was overheard saying it. Yet the man had looked positively dumbstruck at her request before demanding to know what she was up to and who else was behind this prank. It took her most persistent power of persuasion as well as a toe to toe shouting match, which caused her to break into giggles (and she thought she saw him genuinely smile) for him to accept that she was indeed in earnest. As she hurried to try to keep up with the Professor- her bad leg gave way, and her papers dropped and spread all over the floor. "Bollocks…" she moaned, contemplating bending over and the agony in her skull that the action would bring. " GRANGER !" his echoing bellow plowed through her thoughts and was the catalyst that finally knocked her to her knees. Swaying, she fought the sudden rise of nausea and excruciating pain stabbed behind her left eye as the world turned white, and she passed mercifully, briefly, into oblivion. ' Merlin be merciful, where was chit?' he thought. Grumbling about females, whining, sniveling dolts the lot of them, he turned, retracing his route, footsteps ringing on the stone floor. Truthfully, he hadn't much experience with women, in fact he'd never had the patience for any female company…except Lily. And yet…he'd been flattered when Hermione had begged him incessantly about continuing her potions studies after the war, and insisted on being his apprentice of all things. The fact that her persistence had sent a warm tingle straight through his body had completely pissed him off. However, to be honest he couldn't help but begin to grudgingly admire the tenacious way she worked while trying to hold together a disastrous marriage with the lying, cheating, waste of a human being Weasley, and now a full two years after graduating from both school and the unhappy union, he found himself with an intelligent, lovely, incredible apprentice. Truth be told, the more time they'd spent together alone the more holes she poked in the wall he'd put around himself and somehow, some way she had wriggled her way into his heart. While he genuinely liked her, he still refused to admit any deeper feelings, other than he did not find her company as annoying as that of most people, and that her keen, sharp mind was so incredibly refreshing compared to the imbeciles he was forced to daily teach. Turning the corner where he'd last seen her and saw the tableau before him, he recognized true fear as it squeezed his heart. She lay sprawled on the cold stone floor, notes and other detritus surrounding her. She was unconscious, and so still, so very still. It was the motionlessness that brought his heart to his throat. In the early days of their partnership, she was always moving, and dancing to music, the volume set at appallingly loud levels, singing her heart out as she cataloged every new potion that was created, charming him completely against his will. At that time her marriage with Weasley was, at the time, very settled. They gave and took strength from one another. It wasn't long after, however, that little by little he was forced to bear witness as sadness and emptiness replaced the warm glow in Hermione's eyes, and she didn't dance anymore. (Flash Back) The first-time Snape noticed marks on her she had rolled up the sleeves of the baggy sweaters she wore. It was a glorious Indian Summer where the colors shown like fireworks and the temperatures were unseasonably warm, so she didn't wear the usual tee shirts underneath. He quietly walked to where she was sitting, cataloging his newest acquisitions, and bent over her left shoulder. What he saw took his breath away. She was thin to the point that he could visibly count the vertebra on her back. But most appalling were the bruises upon bruises all in different states of healing, and cigarette burns here and there on her arms. That afternoon he caught Weasley in the corridor squeezing her arm and shouting so hard that spittle was hitting her tear-stricken face. The surrounding mob was chanting Ron's name rhythmically. Snape came down on the group like a bat out of hades. After grabbing the neck of Ron's robes and pulling him up onto his tiptoes, Snape told him what exactly what would happen to him should this happen again. Everyone, including Hermione, flinched at each threat that spewed from the Potions Master's mouth. Reaching her, he quickly knelt and felt her limbs to see the extent of any injuries. The reason behind her collapse baffled him, there were no impediments to trip over, perhaps he was working her too hard. He remembered that several months back, there was that hideous domestic violence incident that landed Ron some time in Azkaban. Snape's blood still boiled whenever he remembered the practically pointless trial as compared to the many weeks Hermione spent in a wizard hospital in critical condition. As soon as he'd been summoned, he dropped everything to be by her side. He never once stopped to wonder why he cared so much for one small mud blood. Softly he called her by name, gently tapping her cheek, trying to rouse her. She gave a faint moan, her head lolling toward the warm timbre of his voice and she tried to open her sleep swollen, hollow eyes but the light stabbed through making her cry out in pain and gingerly cup her head, moving her face away from the light. Snape cursed softly at the sight of the ugly bruises that ringed her neck. Merlin's beard! Why had she not told him Weasley had been coming around her again? He removed the crooked sunglasses, and murmuring softly to calm her he effortlessly lifted her slight form into his arms. She was skin and bone, she must've lost at least a good ten to fifteen pounds over the last months' time, pounds she couldn't afford to lose. Damn it, where had his renowned observation skills been? " Ronald Weasley ", the name was a curse upon Snape's lips. He had a few choice curses he'd like to employ on the young Master Weasel. Walking briskly, he carried his small burden with care, surprised at the way that her head fit perfectly between his chin and shoulder, a light brown curl tickling his cheek…and he caught himself enjoying the sensation entirely too much for his own good. Hermione woke what felt like hours later, feeling much better. The migraine had disappeared, and she'd slept mercifully deep and nightmare free for the first time in years. Hesitantly, she opened her eyes and looked around, frowning at the unfamiliar décor. Where the hell was she? Sitting up, she cursed softly when the room spun. Damn, she couldn't remember the last time she'd eaten. (Flash Back) Warning...non-consensual sex Ron had shown up at 5:00 am a few days prior to her collapse at Hogwarts. Drunker than usual, but no less dangerous, wearing a dirty sweater and jeans that might've fit him...ten years ago. Stinking of body odor and cheap sex his behavior and words were erratic, shouting first, then bursting into tears. He had a wild look about him, a strangeness that had followed him from the time he'd spent in Azkaban following his violent attack that had killed their son. what terrified Hermione the most, however, were the times he seemed to 'go away'. Slumping against a corner, a chair, any surface strong enough to hold his weight his eyes would glaze over and he would begin to mutter quietly as though talking with someone she couldn't see. It was during one of these spells that she took the opportunity to get closer to the door. Hesitant to break his strange conduct, but needing desperately to be rid of him she said, "Um, Ron?" Realizing that her voice was shaking, she stood straighter and forced herself to remember the way she'd bossed him around in their youth. She felt a sudden rush of emotion at the memory of their comradary when it was just the three of them; her, Harry and Ron against the evil that had defiled their world. She used the strength of those emotional memories now, as well as the Gryffindor courage to face her fears and defeat them now. " Ronald Weasley , you need to leave right now! I will not tolerate this behavior! We are not getting back together, so save yourself this humiliation." His head lowered and his long greasy hair covered most of his face, but with just the slightest turn of his head, his eyes looked up at her and they shone with the unholy light of pure madness. The voice that came out of him was guttural and raw. "You're my wife , you stupid whore," he began to stalk her around her tiny kitchen, the words, stinging like hornets. Slapping her across the face, and nearly knocking her to her knees, he continued the verbal assault. "Slut. Who is he, who's the man you're fucking? Draco, or wait…is the little Mrs. involved to? A threesome sounds fun!"