DISCLAIMER: I don't own PJO or any of it's characters. Only thing I claim to own is the plot of this story and any characters I've created. 'l|CATCHING TREES|l' "Almost got her that time!" A straight haired satyr came out of the woods brushing off some unidentifiable plants of his legs. Grover looked up from his reed pipes he'd been playing beneath the shade of the tree. "BLAH-AH-AH! Got who?" Grover bleated unintentionally. The other satyr turned towards Grover when he spoke, he smiled a sly grin as he brushed off his hands against his furry legs. "That dryad" his voice seemed to catch on a dreamy tone. "I was this close," he used his fingers to demonstrate about a inch of space. "And!-" "-She turned into a tree and made you look like a fool." A loud voice boomed from behind Grover, his reed pipes slipped out as he jumped slightly. "Just like the rest of them." Clarisse smiled as she patted Grover's shoulder with a little more force than necessary. Both satyrs gave her a slight evil glare. But Grover's was a little less anger behind it as he leaned over to pick up his reed pipes. "I've never been 'made a fool' as you so wonderfully put it." Grover defended himself, brushing off the stray pieces of grass on his pipes. The other satyr scoffed, "Yeah, that because you've never tried." Grover blanched at the thought of it. "Well,-" "-Yeah!" Clarisse said loudly. "Because we all know you could totally catch one." She pointed a finger at Grover and let a small chuckle out. His eyes grew wide and round, and his stomach tied itself in several knots. "A-a-I never said that." he somehow managed to stutter out. "What's the matter, Grover?" the other satyr taunted with his head turned. "You sound a little bit scared." Grover laughed. Well, attempted to laugh. "'Scared'? of-of what?" "Beats me. But if I were to guess, sounds like you're scared of those dryads." "I'm not scared!" Grover tried defending himself. He gave him a side-ways glance. "What I mean," he tried correcting as he grabbed his reed pipes from around his neck. "is . . . what is there to be scared about?" He nodded as he crossed his arms over his chest. "Maybe the utter humiliation of failing?" "Ha, yeah . . . like that would happen." Grover walked away at a quick pace; playing a few quick notes on his pipes. His gaze followed his path until he finally spoke again. "You think you could do better than me, Grover?" A loud shriek like noise sounded from Grover as he nearly tripped over air. He turned around with his reed pipes still in his grasp. "W-w-what? Ha, uh-ha ha. I-" "-You don't need to worry 'bout that Groves'." Clarisse actually let out a small chuckle at the curly haired satyr. "Those dryads would probably just let you catch them out of pity." "I beg the differ." Grover mumbled to himself as he moved his fingers over, up and down his reed pipes. "Look at you! Do you really think they would actually feel the need to run away from you?" "I-" "-You even have this whole 'I-am-kindness' kind of vibe coming off of you. They're more likely to confess all their girly problems to you than give you a kiss." That crossed the line. "I do not!" "It's okay goat-legs," Clarisse patted his shoulders with such force he nearly toppled over. "we all have are strengths and weaknesses. You just so happen to have more weaknesses. " "I do so have more strengths." She stepped in front of his path and looked him directly in his eyes. A small smirked appeared across her lips before she uttered two words. "Prove it. 'l|l'l|l'l|l' "This is a bad idea," she pushed a branch out of her pathway. "Even for you, this plan sucks." Annabeth was leading the path through the trees with Grover in tow. Why? you may ask. He still wasn't quite sure. "I know, Annabeth!" his voice had taken on a irritated tone. "Then why are you doing this?" her hands were held out by her sides like she was pleading for a miracle. Grover let out a deep breath, "I can't back out now, Annabeth." She turned to face him with a hand on her hip. She didn't even need words to ask her next question. "Okay, I know I can technically can, but I mean it'll make me look like a loser." he stepped around her and continued down the unmarked path. She watched him pass without moving. She raised an eyebrow after contemplating his reply. "Since when have you been one to worry about that?" Annabeth followed him with a confused expression on her face. "I don't worry! I'm not . . . I'm not worry about that." Grover tried-and failed- to defend himself. Annabeth rolled her eyes as she stepped in front of Grover; taking a few steps backwards to avoid getting trampled by him. "Wow, you sure convinced me." Grover gave her a stank face, "Shut up, Annabeth." he said then continued to walk around Annabeth and deeper in the forest. Annabeth stood in her spot for a few moments, just long enough to to take a deep breath in and out."How many satyrs do you know of that have actually caught a dryad?" she asked as she jogged a few paces to catch up to Grover. "You're really not helping my self esteem right now." Grover said as he ducked under a particular low tree branch. "All I'm saying is," she started, ducking under the same tree branch."This isn't like you." Grover whipped around quickly; obvious frustration steaming off of him as he looked her directly in her eyes. "And what's like me, Annabeth?" "Certainly not this." Annabeth looked Grover up and down to prove her point. "Whatever," Grover rolled his eyes, then turned back around and kept on walking. "Why are you even out here with me? It's not like you're planning on catching one." he could hear Annabeth still following him. "Because I'm your friend, And I'm pretty sure you'll need all the help you can get." "None of the other satyrs needed help," He chipped in, stepping over a fallen log. " Grover ," "You know, I can do this myself, Annabeth." His argument wasn't very convincing. Annabeth scoffed then stepped in front of Grover; causing him to stop in his path. "Sure," she said sarcastically. "Annabeth," he said, not even bothering to even continue walking again. "Do I really seem that helpless that you need to help me?" She looked at him for a few seconds with no reply. But that was all the confirmation he needed. Grover let out a long sigh, "Thanks for the confidence booster, Annabeth." he said dejectedly. "I've got it from here. You can go back to your cabin now. I'm sure they'll need your help with something." Annabeth let out a sigh and turned to face him as he walked by. "Grover," she tried He walked around her without looking back. Grover kept walking deeper into the forest right until he was out of ear-shot. After checking to make sure Annabeth hadn't followed him,- or anyone else for that mater- He let out a loud frustrated scream. "Ugh!" He hit the nearest tree branch. His anger was short lived as the branch back fired and smacked him right in the face. "Hey, watch it!" He whipped around to the voice that had just sounded behind him. It was a dryad. -a very cute dryad in Grover's opinion.- Her skin was tinted green as her bright auburn hair flowed down to her hips. A bright flower crown was twisted into her hair with multicolored plants. Grover wasn't sure how long he'd been staring, judging by her facial expressions it hadn't been too long. He shook his head. "What?" "I said 'watch it'. You hit my home." She pointed to a Juniper tree he was standing next too. He looked over to where she pointed too, then back at her. "I am so sorry." he apologized earnestly, stepping slightly away from the tree. "You better be," The dryad walked closer to her tree, Grover noticed she carried a basket of flowers on her forearm. "Hopefully you don't make habit of destroying dryad's homes." "I-a-a-I promise, I don't." Grover kept tripping over small things on the forest floor as he tried walking five feet. She looked at him up and down like she was sizing him up. "What are you doing out here anyways?" She set her basket next to the tree and wiped her hands against her bright purple dress. "Oh . . . yeah," He scratched the back of his head. "that, uh- that's a good question . . .. BLAH-AH-AH-AH!" He cupped his mouth with his hands. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean too, it's just. . . uh, I- that happens when uh-" "Are you feeling well?" she stepped closer with her eyebrows scrunched together. It took Grover a second to realize she was talking to him. "What?" "You're looking a little pale." Grover tried to step back again. Key word, 'Tried'. He went straight down on his bottom, just catching himself with his hands before his upper half went down as well. "Oh my gods!" screamed the dryad. "Are you alright?" she offered her hand to help him up. Grover brushed his hands against his legs to get the dirt off his hands, when he looked up it was like a scene out of a movie. The sun was shining right behind her as she stood above him. her hand held out and he swore he heard birds chirping a magical song in the distance. "I think so," His words were barely above a whisper as he took her hand. "I'm Grover, by the way." "Juniper," she grunted slightly as she hauled him up. "Hence the tree." Grover looked back at the tree again. "Oh, makes since." Juniper was walking back over to her basket set down by her tree. "Probably should've figured that out sooner." "Well, you're not the first. If it makes you feel any better." "Yeah," Grover laughed slightly, brushing his palms against his legs. "OWW!" he jerked his hand away from his leg and examined it. There were small cuts along his palm; dirt was caked all along it. "Ahh, phooey." "What's wrong?" Juniper asked, stepping closer. Grover spared a glance at her, but continued picking out the large clunks of dirt. "Just a few scrapes; from when I fell." "Oh, let me help." her offer surprised Grover. He had both eyebrows raised and he froze what he was doing. "Tha-th-that isn't necessary." He tried to laugh it off. "Nonsense, Come over here." she sat down on a fallen log next to her tree. Grover didn't follow right away. Not until she patted a spot next to her for him to sit on. "Come along." He rolled his eyes weakly, knowing he didn't really have a say in the matter anyways. Grover made his way over to the fallen log. "I-i-it's really not that bad . . ." He nearly tripped over a small branch. After catching his balance, he kept walking. He was almost to the log before speaking again. "I'm pretty sure I could just rinse it w-" he never got to finish the sentence. Instead he ended up tripping over air and into Juniper's lap. She managed to catch him in a bridal style hold. Their faces were very close together. Not that close, but close enough for both of them to be uncomfortable. "Sorry," Grover mumbled, his focus was more on her eyes. "A bit . . . clumsy . . . BLAH-AH-AH!" He cupped his hand over his mouth again. Juniper just giggled as she helped him sit upright. "I can see that." Grover just stayed seated on the ground right below