Hi everyone, so this is my first ever hunger game fanfic. I hope you all enjoy it! Anyway, review, follow, favorite and most importantly, ENJOY! =D Warning: Swearing and BoyxBoy. Don't like it, don't read it. The celebrations around the district were in uproar as our champion returned. No one dared mention the girl who had died. No cause that would upset them. Bitter tears stung my eyes painfully as I looked at the older boy as he was pulled off the train. People gathered in mass crowds dropping their duties from fishing for the day to all gather around the idiot who had survived. Every one clapped and screamed with joy seeing him. No. My sister dies and all people can do is focus on the fact that one shining… handsome boy had survived. "You could have saved my sister!" I bellow out and suddenly the music all drops around us as I take a shaky confident step through a parting crowd who stare at me with recognition. "It should have been you who died. Not her! She had a life here. She was in love. She was all I had!" my voice screamed and a few adults tried to block my way but they didn't know me. They didn't know what I was capable of. I leapt up and used my momentum bounding off their chests and onto the others shoulder, making them fall down pathetically as I leapt from shoulder to shoulder dodging grasping hands which tried to stop me. Each person that tried to grab me, I span on the heel of my foot and smashed my leg into their face painfully until I landed in front of him. I don't know what surprised him more; my agility and skill or the fact I was so young and so skilled. At the time I had been just seven. I ran up to him and slammed my fist into his chest pathetically. "You could have saved her! You could have stopped them!" I began to break down into weak sobs. "I hate you! I hate you forever!" I broke down falling to my knees, remembering in those final moments of the cannon booming how my sister had fallen to a district one boy, and yet this idiot had just stood idly by and let him kill her. His hands rested on my shoulders as he steered me through the crowd towards the town square glaring at people to make them disperse to stop staring at me. "I never wanted her to get hurt." "You're a bad liar. You're a bad person!" I stared defiantly into his eyes making sure he knew my pain. "Your sister fought amazingly." "Far better than you did." He smiled sadly and nodded at me. "You're right. Without your sister I would be dead. I can never replace the feeling of your sister… but just know, if you ever need anything Lupo, I will be there to help you out. Okay?" he placed a hand comfortingly on my back but I shrugged him off. "You're worthless Finnick and so am I. Only my sister had ever made me feel like I was worth something in this stupid town and now she's gone!" I ran off crying back to my house. I learnt one thing over the years no matter how you feel, the show must go on and in my case. A show I performed in District 3 was banned but I had no family left now. What did I have to loose? -Break- The years seemed roll by as night by night I would go out and perform my pieces to the awaiting audience's of the District. Even the Peacekeepers would come and watch but they would take away half my profit for what ever I made. The bastards. I thought as I sat in front of my sheet of glass and chair. I just lent my head into my palm and stared at my reflection. In District three we already had enough empty buildings; it was more than easy for us to fix a club to entertain people in with the amount of abandoned properties which we had. "Lupo you're on in five." "No problem John." I smiled at my stage manager. He was the same age as me: sixteen but only older by a couple of days. He had decided to take on the role as my stage manager after he had seen me performing and almost got killed one night by a rogue electric wire. "Lupo it's two days before the reaping. These people are going to need something to cheer them up." His amber eyes stared into me making my heart rush slightly. He had soft brown locks falling slightly over his eyes while his white smile glistened. No, I have to focus on my performance . I looked at the dress I was wearing. The black wig I was wearing fitted perfectly on my head as though I was some kind of Actress we read about in our history book; before there were the districts. John had spent days working on the dress, with those craft full soft hands... No focus! He's right; this crowd is going to need something special tonight… time to break out the classical numbers… Something that no one will forget for the following years to come. I flashed a pearly smile. I knew just the number. The club was founded in secret; it had been one of the very few places to survive from the old times. The glass counter tops had been cleaned and the leather chairs repaired which all now faced a stage: my stage. "And now Ladies and gentlemen." John announced wearing his slim fitting tux. How can I focus on a number with him like that? With his perfect curves… with his handsome form… with that body. I fanned my blushing face and shook my head. No focus! This show pays for your and his meals! "The keeper of the keys." He continued as a drum roll began to play as the jazz band warmed up their instruments getting ready for my song. "The countess of the clink. The mistress of murderess row; Matron Mamma warden!" the lights began to burn onto me as I moved onto stage with the jeweled dress moving behind me. They all knew I was a boy but they still came for a good show. A lot of these people couldn't come out to their own truth yet so at least I gave them some fun enjoyment for a couple of hours. My eyes glinted as the jewels provided a shine onto me. I looked out across at every one with a defiant gaze. My fan was gently teasing my face with soft feathers. I pulled my large feather fan slowly away from my face and gave a teasing smile to the audience who watched at me in awe. Some of the boys whistled while I fanned towards them but still remained lent on the marble pillar. " Ask any of the chickies in my pen." I half closed my eyes looking over the audience. " They'll tell you I'm the biggest mother" I paused with a grin, "hen." " I love 'em all and all of them love me." I held out my hand to the audience and listened as they sang back to me. " Because the system works" " The system called" " Reciprocity..." I grinned, holding onto the note as the jazz band kicked in and I began to slowly strut across the stage showing the smooth of my leg allowing the audience to enjoy the show. The Peacekeepers howled and I knew; Those bastards are gonna steal a large part of my pay cheque… "Got a little motto. Always sees me through . When you're good to Mama " I winked to the audience and flashed a smile. "Mama's good to you." The drum played and I watched in horror as I slowly saw Finnick walking into the club, locking a death glare on me. How the hell had he gotten past the peacekeepers? I looked over to some peacekeepers at the back and nodded my head over to the entrance way. They nodded quickly and began to rise from their seats whispering quietly before going to cover the exits and entrance. There goes and even bigger part of my pay. I locked eyes with John and nodded to him before I carried on singing. "They say that life is tit for tat , and that's the way I live . So, I deserve a lot of tat . For what I've got to give." Finnick turned bright red as I winked mockingly. I know how much you hate me doing this… but crap to what you think. I know what is going to happen and if I'm going out. I'm going out with a bang! "GET DOWN NOW!" Oh he's really mad… better cut it short…Or not. " So what's the one conclusion ? I can bring this number to ?" the audience stared at me realizing I was cutting the number short but as I took a deep breath and hit the perfect note they didn't care. They were all up on their feet clapping and cheering. " When you're good to Mama ." I took a quick burst of breath in before my voice reined out, owning the whole club . " Mama's good to you!" I turned walking back up the stairs of the stage. " OH YES!" I raised the fan in the air and the curtain dropped while the audience roared with applause. I began to feel the dress pull away as the trail fell to the floor. "So boys?" I smiled. "How about a bit of applause for my safety manager, always keeping me so safe so I can provide you all with some entertainment. I grinned. The crowd soon went into an uproar as the ruby color of my dressed began to melt away to reveal the sparkles and pure white glisten off the light. "How about we heat it up a bit in here?" I sat down slowly as I felt the stage begin to change. John really had outdone himself with this stage. The floor opened up like a camera lens as suddenly giant golden letter lights began to raise till the stage spelt out; LUPO. I slowly leant back onto my arms and watched casually as the peacekeepers held Finnick back. I shot a confident grin. " Underneath the city lights. There is a world." I felt my voice slowly curve around the notes as the audience lent forward. " Few know about! Where rules don't apply, no!" I flashed a toothy grin at Finnick. " And you can't keep a good boy down." Slowly around the stage small parts opened as dancers burst out and began moving to the fast beat. "He going through the club looking for a good time, gonna make that, shake that money on a dime. Don't need a sugar daddy he can work it just fine. Up on the table he'll be dancing all night, He-he-hey!" Some began to whistle and cheer as I flashed more skin and rolled over shaking my blond hair at them after tossing the wig off to the side. "Baby doll just come alive, under the spot light. Everyone just falls in line." I raised a hand out to them as they shouted. "WE SAY!" " He-e-ey." This seemed to echo back for a bit before two strong boys came over and took my gently by my arms and lowered me down as they wrapped their hands around my waist and I moved my thigh up their legs. "Here come the boy's gonna give a little show." "He-e-ey." " Here come boys, goanna show a little more, more, more, more." I pushed them back as the cast moved in sync across the stage. "Hit it up