Possessive Bella It's obstructive and penetrating what she did to me. What they both did. I'm not sure if I can take it much longer. I'm also pretty sure I'm past that point. Because I'm already in shambles with it all. My mind... it doesn't hold itself together anymore. I'm suffocated. But I'm still continuing to drown. She always watches for me. Her brown eyes locked on me. Worrying and disappointed. Disappointed she knew what she had to be worrying about. But I see what it is really. How her eyes glint, when she eventually decides to come forward and do something for me I didn't want nor needed her to do. But she does it, because that's how she believes it's right. Believes that all she does is because I couldn't do it myself. It makes me feel like I'm good for nothing, because nothing I do, I do independently anymore. Not for three years. Everything I do is assisted by her help without my request or my permission. First we moved. She said that living outside the city would be better, because there would be less pollution. Well, that's true, but we already lived in Forks. Basically the smallest town in the state. Moving near Canada, to a remote place wouldn't make much difference in the air except for the people. There would be just me and her. And Jacob. Bella's friend. We took him into our residency a few months back. He needed a place to stay for a couple of months, because he had his own house torn down, because it had been in such a bad condition. He said he would build another one somewhere near us, but a little closer to a town. It suited us fine after-all it was just us in a considerably big house. We had a free guest room for him. It was fine in the starters, but it got worse from there. Jacob and Bella, they were almost like the same exact person. Maybe that's why they are such good friends. But what Bella thought about something, Jacob thought the same, and what Jacob thought about something Bella thought the same. And I was the freak who sometimes thought differently. But in civilized manners we decided on about things with voting for example about a film we would watch or what to eat. And of course I would lose. But I wasn't much of a selfish person so I just endured it. And it never was about something bigger things, so I guess it didn't really matter to me. Soon that turned into something else. More extravagant. I didn't even notice it at first. She had gotten me so wrapped around her pinky finger. And basically Jacob too, because no matter what the subject was, they thought the same about it really. Even filled them for each other usually. It was so subtle... I didn't think it would turn into something to possessive. It was past ten pm. He wasn't in bed yet. He needs his sleep, he cannot stay up this late at night. He's probably still reading, forgetting about what I've told him about going to be early. It makes me grunt. Where's Jacob? He must be in bed already too. Better get Edward here too. I get up from under the warm covers and stand up. The old, wooden floor creeks beneath my weight, so I move slower so I wouldn't make as much noise and didn't disturb anyone. I stop by the bedroom door that is ajar and watch him from there. His curled in the far corner of the leather couch reading a book in the dim light from the floor lamp beside him. He's gonna ruin his eyes doing that. The light even as so dim, illuminates the popping bones under his pale, almost white skin. Those bones are way too visible for anyone. His hip bones reveal themselves even from under the thick, black sweatpants that he uses as his pyjama pants. And with the white t-shirt hardly fits for him anymore even though I just got it for him last week, hoping it was small enough for him. It was, for that week. He's even smaller now. You would think that muscular and large people would be intimidating, but no, he's much more intimidating to me that any bodybuilder who would be ready to kick my ass. Edward's tall and thin. He has scrawny, long legs that he moves with grace. He always moves with grace, but all I can concentrate on is how terribly gaunt he is. His sharp, bony elbows and collarbones that could easily break whenever he scratches them, which he does when he's nervous. His perfect, but altogether too apparent cheekbones with the sunken cheeks. Even when I look at his vibrant, emerald green eyes I get worried. He looks so sorrowful and introvert for anybodys good. Firstly I changed everything healthy in our fridge. Then I took up safe outdoorsy sports we could enjoy together. Though then I realized it wasn't going to help on his appetite more and only making him lose his already petite weight even faster. I accustomed him to some "positive" books and other light entertainment. I wouldn't say he is any more happier now, than before. But I'll keep trying. Because I want him to be healthy and happy. I love him. He shivers and frowns from it. I can see that he's very cold. I need to get him a blanket. Or better get him into the bed quickly. He turns the page quietly, not taking care of himself and getting something to warm him up. That's why he needs me so much. He doesn't care for himself enough. So I shall handle that part. Or everything. He gets up from the couch and stretches his long arms as he yawns adorably. He takes his book with him as he goes to the kitchen. I get out from my hiding place, but continue to be silent and stand in the dark corners of the room. He reaches for a glass from the shelf and fills it up with water. I hope he would have milk instead of water. His frail bones would need that calcium. So I decide to act to my wishes and go to the fridge and get some milk from there. Edward startled for a moment when he saw me come, but calmed quickly. He started reading again. I take the milk and take the glass of water next to his book and empty the water to the sink. Then I fill it up again with milk and put it back for him. He looks at my actions warily, but doesn't really show anything else on his face. He continues to stare at the glass of milk next to the book. I begin worrying and getting frustrated too and prompt him to drink. I loop my other arm around his middle and hug him to me. My other hand ruffles his beautiful, copper hair lovingly and I bury my nose into it and smell the tantalizing, fascinating, incredible scent of him. Slowly he puts his hands around the glass and raises it from the counter. A bit of fear creeps into me again, when I think that maybe the glass is too cold for him to handle and his fingers get rigid. But sure enough he can deal with the coldness of a glass? Suddenly he stops his movements and gazes in front of him, the wall where a painting of a countryside is placed. His hands begin to shake a little. He cannot even lift a glass of milk anymore. I lay my hand which I had tousled his hair, on top of his hands to help him raise the glass on his lips. His posture is stiff and awkward. Maybe he couldn't handle the cold. He takes a few sips and then brings the glass back down onto the counter with my help. I'm happy to help. It's my deed to be done. After a while he starts reading again and I tousle his hair more. She likes to be on top. I don't mind really and I don't care. The whole act is just to show each other love in physical, but also in emotional ways. It doesn't matter how it's done if it gets the point. I love her and I want to show her that in every way I can. And so does she. After it we are both out of breath and she lays there on top of me kissing my collarbone. I'm twiddling my finger around one of her brown locks. Her hair is so soft and silky. When we are both rested she sits up, but doesn't put any weight on me. She has herself on her knees, my legs between them. There's still lust in her eyes, but something suspicious as well. What is she think about? It kind of makes me scared with her having that look on her face. "I would like to try something, Edward", she begins and her hands skimmer across my chest. I have my hands on her full, curvy hips. "Anything, darlin", I say back with a husky voice. I can't deny anything really from her even if I wanted to. So I'll just make it easier for the both of us to just agree whatever she has in her mind. Bella gets a satisfied smirk on her face and lowers herself on me and farther from my face. She sucks her first and middle finger and I get suspicious now. And then she puts her hand away from my view, and then I feel her. Inside me. I never thought this would happen. That I would feel something like that. Her smile widens and shows her white teeth. Her face confronts mine again and she places a kiss on my stunned face. She goes deeper. I shut my eyes and mouth so I wouldn't cry and whimper in pain. I want her to stop, but this is something she wanted to do. And she always gets her will one way or another. She pulls her finger out, but then comes in again with two. Please, stop... But then something happens. Something clicks and she hits some spot. But tightened lips relax a bit and I open my eyes wide open. My hands fall from her to the sheets as I grip on them. Her free hand strokes my hand softly as the other one goes from out and in again and over again. Somehow it began to feel good. And when I look at Bella's face, I can see that she's also enjoying this. Even more than I do. She moans loudly as a whimper escapades my lips, when she hits the spot again. She knows now. So she starts rubbing that spot and the waves of ecstasy just keep on coming over me. She gives me sloppy kisses all over my body, but all I can keep my thoughts on focused is that little spot in me and then I get the grand finale and come. She breathes my name, her eyes shut and I shut my eyes too concentrating now on breathing again. I hadn't realized I had held my breath before. She pulls her fingers out of me and I sigh. "Was it pleasurable?" she asks sounding hoarse. I can only nod to her and give a small smile. We kiss again. "I'm going out to get some books from the library. It will probably take about an hour", he suddenly yells down the hall. I quickly go to him before he's out the door and grab him gently by the arm. "Hey, wait a second. Edward, why don't you just buy some online and have them deliver the books for you? It would be so much simpler and you didn't have to drive all the way to