Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight. All plotlines, characterizations, and details in Eternally Intertwined 2.0: Blood Ties belong to the author: Bronzehyperion. No copying or reproduction of this work is permitted without the author's authorization. ©2011 Bronzehyperion. All rights reserved worldwide. This is the sequel to Eternally Intertwined. I advise you to read/skim through it before you read this because otherwise most won't make sense. CHAPTER ONE: READY? OKAY! When your boyfriend is a vampire, you'd think there'd be little left to be scared off. But there are always things… "Ready? Okay! Give me an F, give me an O, give me an R, give me a K, and give me a S. What does that spell? FORKS! Go Team!" In case you've ever wondered what hell looks like, try picturing it as a smelly gym filled with fifteen hormone fueled girls and one tiny pixie with the posture of an elf but the attitude of a drill instructor whose yelling cheers at you. Welcome to cheerleading practice. It certainly scared the crap out of me more than any vampire or wolf pack ever could. I hated being a cheerleader and would've given up before even starting if all the, in my case uncoordinated steps and jumps didn't do great things for my ass and legs. Plus the fact Edward had developed a fetish for role playing. Kidding. Edward preferred old fashioned love making and not any kind of kinky role playing. Which suited me just fine since I didn't consider myself a porn star and having sex with Edward was already intense enough as it was with the connection between us. He did like the cheerleading outfit though. In fact, he liked it so much he was often around to see it in action. See, for him, cheerleading practice wasn't hell. Lucky bastard. I suppose that made it easier, knowing it was me he came to ogle while the other girls on the team didn't stand a chance and turned ugly green with envy whenever he winked, waved or touched me. I guess I could afford feeling a little smug even though I truly was a cheerleading disaster. So why was I on the team? Two reasons. One. Under no circumstances – not ever – did you mess with Alice. So when she had demanded I join the squad and had unleashed the vampire version of puppy dog eyes and pouty lips on me, telling me that it didn't just benefit me – I failed to see how it would benefit me at all – but that since I was her BFF it wouldn't be so weird for her to join the team if I was on it too. All in the name of staying inconspicuous Of course, Alice being Alice; she hadn't just joined. No. She had resurrected the entire team. The other reason was more practical. If I joined the squad, I could drop Gym. And for some reason doing uncoordinated dances was more appealing than play sports and such. Still, it was hell. "Isabella Swan!" Crap. The pixie was tiny, but her voice carried weight; soft and bell like my well trained ass. "Are you daydreaming again? You know I don't tolerate that!" Yup. Cheerleading captain Alice Cullen was a tyrant. She was nothing like "Once you're a vampire, we'll be sisters forever- squee" Alice Cullen. It had been a huge indulgence on Carlisle's part to allow her to do something as human as becoming cheerleading captain. With Angela and Jessica gone the town had their general suspicions against anything unusual including the Cullens - that was nothing new - but most of them had dissipated after the summer. When Alice led practice, she managed to act as human as possible which resulted in an Alice who had decided to act like a drill sergeant who got mean when she had to. Surprisingly Alice was not the odd one out, even if she looked different and moved more gracefully than an experienced ballerina. And most of the girls on the squad actually bought her act and they enjoyed her strictness because it gave them a feel of professionalism after years of barely having scheduled training. Now me, I was the odd one out; I was as graceful as a swan with spasms and that was an optimistic view. People were often too busy rolling their eyes at me or drooling over Edward to notice Alice was a little too perfect. "And you! Have I not told you over and over, you're nothing but a distraction!" I heard Alice yell. I turned to see a grinning Edward sitting in the bleachers. He was holding a pen and a notepad - he always pretended to do homework when he was watching - and waved at me before he addressed his sister. "Easy, Alice. I'm just here to observe. Enjoy the pep and all." "Since when do you enjoy pep?" Alice yelled. It was all for pretences, Edward would even hear her if she whispered from that distance. "Well, since I have you as a sister, I should be used to some pep. "Shut up!" "I could say the same, but then there'd be no pep," Edward retorted loudly which caused his drooling fan following to giggle. It was always comical to see these two go at it. Sometimes I even forgot they were both vampires because their behavior was shockingly human. "Leave, Edward!" Alice demanded of her brother. "No can do, little pixie. I'm here to watch Bella. See, her pep I enjoy the most." He flashed me his typical panty dropping, law licking, doing unspeakable things to him when he looked at me like that –smile and even dared to wink. Suck on it, fan following. He's mine. Still, all the smugness in the world didn't prevent my cheeks from staining red and burning and Edward grinned at the sight and smell of it. He knew how I responded to his flirtations. "I'll talk to him," I told Alice. "Tell him to leave, Swan." Alice warned. "And I better not see any PDA or I will make you stand on top of the pyramid again. I shuddered at the memory of standing on top of Lauren and Jan's shoulders – wobbling and praying to whatever power was willing to listen that I wouldn't fall and drag an entire squad with me. It had almost worked, until I had to jump down with the help of Lauren and Jane – both unwilling and had poked one in the eye and kicked another in the gut. Served them right for being bitches. I straightened my skirt and tossed my pom-poms aside before walking – half skipping – over to my very gorgeous boyfriend who was smiling deviously. He'd done it again. "She falls for it every time," he grinned as he rose from the bleachers and pulled me into his arms. I nodded. "Every cheerleading practice she asks you to leave, knowing you won't. Then I come over and try to convince you to go while you try to grope me under this tiny skirt..." "I never do that," Edward interrupted with a smile. "I know; I keep hoping that you do. Such a loss," I winked before I rested my head against his chest. "Anyway, you save me from at least 5 minutes of practice and I get to be close to you." "NO PDA!" Alice yelled. "Or not," Edward chuckled as he released me. "Wow, you really fear her, don't you?" I teased. "Will you be like this when I turn into a you-know-what?" Edward smile morphed into a frown. He did that lately whenever I brought up my impending future as a vampire. When he had first discussed it, he had said he wasn't against me becoming one but that he did worry about how I would cope with it. But back then he had always shown certain eagerness too, even if he was scared of some of the details. Lately, every time I'd try to bring it up – subtly or not - he would shoot me down gently before we could truly talk about it. I had to wonder if he'd had a change of heart. And since communication often was an issue for us – my insecurities and Edward's occasional lack of understanding teenage girl emotions verbally crippled us on certain topics – it was hard to know how he really felt. Right now, he decided to deflect with a joke. That was one of his tactics. "I would assume you won't be as…"peppy" as my sister is." The moment Edward said it he grinned; knowing perfectly well Alice would be able to hear him. "Well, for all you know, I'll be horrible." "I doubt that," Edward said before he gave me a quick peck on the cheek. "You're the most lovable woman I know. Of course, you also drive me nuts with your stubbornness sometimes." "Thanks," I muttered. "Bella, could you stop groping your boyfriend and get back here so we can finish practice!" Alice yelled. "That's my cue," I sighed before giving Edward a hug and heading back to the squad. "Wait for me?" I asked over my shoulder. "Always." "Well?" I put a peanut butter brittle cookie in my mouth and chewed. And chewed some more. And then nearly choked because I could barely swallow the thing. "It's no good," Angela sighed before she grabbed the plate with the intention to toss them out. Sometimes her baking experiments succeeded and sometimes they failed. "Wait! Maybe Jacob will like them." Angela put the plate back down and nodded. "He would eat anything," she mumbled. Over the past few months, Angela had accepted her fate and seemed to be doing okay but I knew there were facets of her human life she missed. She did online courses, baked cookies for me and Jacob; well mostly Jacob and went hunting with the family but there was a freedom that she'd had before; going out walking about, that she had lost because she looked different and people assumed she was dead, even if her body had never been found. Overall I suppose she had managed to adapt to her new life and her blossoming relationship with Jacob. It wasn't always easy on them because she had to stay close to home most of the time and wasn't permitted to set foot on the reservation which meant Jacob had to come here which had taken him a while to grow accustomed to. Also Jacob had to sneak around because his father and his pack were very unhappy with his interactions with the Cullens and didn't understand how he could have imprinted on a vampire. "I heard my name," a booming voice said. "Ladies, no gossiping please. You can tell me I'm awesome to my face." Jacob entered the kitchen and instantly went to Angela. He kissed her on the cheek before he started pawing at the plate of cookies. "See," I pointed. "It doesn't matter what it is, as long as he can chew and swallow." "I don't just chew and swallow, Bells. I taste too!" Jacob huffed. At 6"2 Jacob was much taller than both me and Angela. He also didn't care what he ate as long as his body got some sort of nourishment. Esme and Angela loved that. "Peanut butter brittle. Awesome!" "You like it?" Angela beamed. Jacob smiled and put his arm around her. "Love it." "And you." He added in a whisper. Seeing Jacob like this, this lovingly and gentle was a surprise because he had never acted this mature with me. I was happy he seemed so accepting of Angela and that he had eased up on the Cullens. Jacob and Emmett were definitely not best buddies but had started to get along when they had started chatting about sports on Skype because Emmett and Rosalie were still travelling. I don't know how or when they had started doing that but