Title: Again and Again Rating: Eventual Mature Pairing: Tom Riddle/Voldemort x Harry Potter Themes: Do-Over fics, political intrigue, time-travel-sort-of?, Slytherin!Harry, SLASH, eventual romantic relationship between two men Summary: Harry Potter vanished from the Dursley's doorstep. Dumbledore couldn't find him. He appears just before his 1st year but he's a cold and aloof child. Sorted into Slytherin-a prodigy? So many questions & an answer no one would guess. – – – – – – Machiavellian Ma·chi·a·vel·li·an adj. 1. of, like, or befitting Machiavelli. 2. being or acting in accordance with the principles of government analyzed in Machiavelli's The Prince, in which political expediency is placed above morality and the use of craft and deceit to maintain the authority and carry out the policies of a ruler is described. 3. characterized by subtle or unscrupulous cunning, deception, expediency, or dishonesty: He resorted to Machiavellian tactics in order to get ahead. – – Hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil. Niccolo Machiavelli – – November 1981 He didn't understand how it had happened, but Albus Dumbledore was in a panic. He had left the young Harry Potter on the Dursley's doorstep with a nice warming charm and under a heavy sleeping spell, so it simply didn't make sense that he could have up and wandered off, but the Dursley's insisted they'd never seen the boy. They found the basket and the letter, but no baby, and no blanket. They'd thought the whole thing some sort of sick joke, and were none-too-pleased when Albus Dumbledore had come to their doorstep some week later when his little spindly devices told him that the wards he had erected had not took. His worst fear was that little Harry Potter had been taken, and as tracking spell after tracking spell failed, his fears grew and grew. He had to be behind wards of some sort for such a thing to be possible, which meant he was with a witch or wizard. The only consolation he had was that his instruments still told him that young Harry Potter was alive. January 1982 He had just received word from the goblins of Gringotts; Harry Potter's vault had been accessed. He had rushed to the bank to ask his questions, but the results were frustratingly limited. The only way a person could gain access to the vault without the key was to provide a sample of blood that matched their magical records for Potter blood. And somehow, the person who had entered the bank, had done just that. But the person that the goblins said had entered the bank had been an adult – or at least, he had appeared to be an adult. The goblins refused to give him a memory of what the man looked like. They did say that the next time he came in, they would do one of their standard security checks on the man, but that was all. He wanted them to notify him immediately if the man came in, but they refused. It was outrageously frustrating. October 1984 The man had come and gone a few more times at the bank, and that was the only clue that Albus Dumbledore had towards Harry Potter's continued existence. His instruments still said the child was alive, but his tracking and scrying spells continued to turn up nothing. The goblins had informed him that the man who was coming into their bank and occasionally withdrawing money from the Potter vaults was probably under Polyjuice, or possibly using glamours. Every time he came, he looked a little different, but every time he passed the blood test and was able to enter the vault. He didn't come very often; no more than twice a year, and generally he made vaguely sizable withdrawals – although not all that large with the total vault size taken into account. Just enough for a person to live in relative comfort without having to work. It would probably be a modest amount for a single person to live off of. Another curious thing was that the person in question always had the goblins convert the majority of the money withdrawn, into muggle money. It was very little to go off of, and he knew his worry and frustration was obvious to others. Minerva still hadn't forgiven him for losing Harry Potter in the first place, and still often ragged on him needing to come clean with the Ministry so they could properly enlist their assistance in the search. He was not willing to do that, however. Minister Bagnold wasn't exactly a bad leader, but she didn't get on well with Albus, all truth be told, and Albus was even more wary of the man who appeared to be in the lead for the next election. The last thing he was willing to risk was the Ministry sticking their nose into the raising of Harry Potter. But perhaps Minerva had a point – even the Ministry might be preferable to the mystery man who had Harry Potter now. July 1991 Albus Dumbledore, Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, had gathered with his Deputy Headmistress, Minerva McGonagall, in the tiny tower room where an enchanted quill wrote the addresses on the envelopes for the letters that were sent out to the students each summer. The quill had just come to life that morning and always started with the new first years. It wrote the muggleborns names with blue ink while it wrote the wizarding children's names in green – it was one of the ways Minerva knew which draft of the letter to include, and whether or not the child should get a home visit. The pair of them stood with bated breath as the quill made its way through the alphabet and drew ever closer to the name Harry Potter. Albus knew he was still alive – at least, all of his spells said so – and the slow bi-annual withdrawals had continued all these years. The person making the withdrawals had continued to use disguises – coming into the bank looking like a different person every time – and Albus had continued to be stumped in his efforts to find out who the man was, or where Harry Potter was being kept. There had been a few occasional sightings of Harry Potter over the years, and Albus had always rushed to investigate any of them, but he could never be sure if they were real sightings, people out for attention, or people just imagining things. And none of them had ever lead him to any useful information. Now it was only two months until the start of what would be Harry Potter's first year at Hogwarts, and his only hope was that the quill could now tell him where to find the boy. "Albus!" Minerva gasped as the quill began writing 'Mr. H. Potter, #16 Veronica Gardens, Streatham Vale, England' He could have laughed, he was so filled with relief. If only he could have somehow gotten this ruddy quill to cooperate sooner, but the magic that governed it was beyond even him. It was such an ancient and powerful artifact – crafted by Rowena Ravenclaw herself. Albus grabbed the envelope and made to leave with it in hand when Minerva stopped him, dragged him down to her office so that they could put the actual letter into the envelope, and then insisted that he take her along with so that she could see for herself just how Harry Potter had grown up. Minerva had been to Steatham Vale before, while Albus had not, so she was the one that apparated the pair of them to the nearest location to the address. They appeared relatively near the Steatham Common Station and the pair then walked through the plainly muggle neighborhoods until they reached Veronica Gardens. Number 16, it turned out, was a ground-level flat in a building that held six flats – three ground floor, and three on the second floor. Number 16 was on the end, with a small private garden and the pair quickly made their way down the small path to the front door. Albus knocked and waited with baited breath for any sign of life beyond. Two long minutes passed before the door was pulled open and a bleary-eyed young man with messy black hair and thin-rimmed round spectacles appeared beyond it wearing nothing but a pair of pajama bottoms. He blinked at them several seconds before heaving a rather resigned sounding sigh. "Mr. Potter?" Dumbledore asked. "That's right," the boy said stepping back and motioning the two inside. Minerva and Albus shared a brief look before stepping inside. Harry Potter closed the door behind them and waved his hand lazily towards the open reception room's small couch before walking into the small kitchenette area that was part of the room at the back wall. From what they could tell, it was a very modest little 1-room flat. Just beyond the kitchenette were two doors, both open, showing a bathroom and a bedroom. From a quick glance into the kitchenette, Dumbledore was almost positive he could see a small wizarding cauldron hanging over the gas stove. "Mr. Potter, I –" "Do you want tea?" Potter asked flatly, cutting him off. "Ah... yes, please. Thank you," Dumbledore said, blinking in surprise at the suddenness of the odd situation. Potter spent the next few minutes arranging a small tray with hot water, tea, milk, sugar and some biscuits before bringing it over and setting it on a small circular end table between two of the arm chairs that currently housed Albus and Minerva. He had to shove a few bits of rubbish and a few opened letters off, which he then took into the kitchenette and and setting it on the counter and the rubbish into the bin. "Be right back," he called out before disappearing into the bedroom and reappearing a moment later with a wrinkled t-shirt and a pair of gray trousers on. He let himself fall heavily onto the couch and just looked at the two professors with resignation written all over his face. The two professors exchanged a brief look before turning their attention back on the young man in front of them. Dumbledore cleared his throat. "Mr. Potter, is your... guardian available?" "No." Dumbledore blinked in surprise at the abrupt response. "No?" Potter just raised his eyebrows, somewhat questioningly. "Er... when will one be available –" "I live here on my own." "On your own?!" Minerva exclaimed. "You're here about Hogwarts?" Potter said , rather than really asked, ignoring their obvious confusion and disbelief about his guardian situation. "Yes, we are," Dumbledore answered hesitantly. "But –" "I already know about the school. I don't need the muggleborn house visit, and I can get my own supplies. Do you have the letter with you?" Harry said, again cutting him off. "Mr. Potter," Minerva said in a somewhat scolding tone, "please do not interrupt." "We have been searching for you for a great many years, Mr. Potter," Dumbledore began, "and I'm afraid I must insist on meeting who it is thats been looking after you these years." "There's no one to meet. I've been taking care of me." "You can't seriously mean that you've been living here alone? For how long?" Minerva exclaimed. "Long enough," Potter replied coldly. "Do you have the letter?" The two professors gaped at him for a moment before exchanging another silent look. Dumbledore reached into his robes and extracted the heavy parchment envelope and handed it over. Harry broke the wax seal, pulled the sheets out and skimmed over the letter before moving onto the supply list. "Do you need a written response?" he asked absently as he read the list. "Excuse me?" Minerva asked. "It says to write back by July 31st, stating whether or not I'll be attending, but since the two of you are here, will my word be enough, or do you need