Disclaimer : I do not own Harry Potter and any notable characters mentioned herein (they all belong to our Queen J.K. Rowling) - except for Ms. Hollingsworth who it seems has a penchant for harassing Mr. Malfoy and of course the story! If i did, i'll make Dramione canon. *wink* A/N: I'd like to thank stellagammadraconis and DayDreamer1123 for beta-ing this and I apologize for such a short notice (a girl loves to cram)! The premise was provided by my friend Di and I just toyed with it. Hope y'all enjoy what we came up with! oOo Draco must've been dreaming. That's it. It had been five years since he'd last seen Granger, and to say she'd changed a lot would be an understatement. Last he'd heard, she'd moved to Australia to be with her parents. He never did find out why they left Britain, but he assumed it had a lot to do with their daughter's involvement in the war. From where he was seated, Draco had a good view of the Muggle-born. He could tell she'd grown taller, her hair was now tamer, and the tight black blouse she wore was pretty distracting, especially since it emphasized the curve of her bosom. He'd surveyed her with a keen eye when she'd entered, her hips swaying as she walked. If someone used a legilimens spell on him right now, they'd be in for a pleasant surprise. Never in his wildest dreams did he imagine having a raging hard-on because of Hermione Granger. The sound of Shacklebolt's baritone wrenched Draco out of his lustful thoughts and back into the department head meeting. "As you are all aware, with Mulberry's retirement, the Magical Law Enforcement Department is currently without a head. Ms. Granger here has worked in the same capacity at the Australian Ministry. She comes to us highly recommended by the Australian Minister himself. I trust that there will be no problems as she transitions into her new role." Granger smiled, exchanged pleasantries with her soon-to-be staff and headed out for a meeting with the Minister without even acknowledging Draco's presence. She looked delightful and he'd be damned if he'd let her escape his grasp before he sampled that fine arse. No one could resist a Malfoy's charm if he put his mind to it. Draco smirked to himself. Yeah, they would certainly have a great "working relationship." oOo Or so he thought. The minx was difficult to get a hold of. When she wasn't attending meetings, she was busy shirking his advances. Draco started to make a move on her in the ministry cafeteria's secluded area three days after she assumed the position. He'd subtly complimented her hot ensemble coupled with fuck-me heels that day, he just couldn't help himself. Hermione stared at him for a whole minute, obviously dumbfounded, before her face scrunched up as if her coffee tasted awful. Murmuring a quick "Excuse me" she left in haste as if Snatchers were hot on her heels. Their succeeding encounters were all similar, always ending with her fleeing the scene from his constant stares and "accidental" touches. Draco was going easy on her, convinced subtlety was the key, but it was all for naught. If witches weren't throwing sultry glances his way, he would have doubted his Malfoy charisma by now. It was downright insulting, to say the least, but he wasn't a quitter. Draco would win her soon, he was sure of it. But perhaps a change of strategy was in order. oOo Hermione Granger, department head of MLE, sighed and leaned back in her comfortable chair. Being back in Britain was helping to slowly mend the gap that had formed between her and her friends while she'd lived in Australia for a few years following the defeat of Voldemort. The kiss she and Ron had shared in the Chamber should have given way to a budding romance, but her heart couldn't take the separation from her parents, so she'd made up her mind and took a step back. After the battle, Hermione had decided to lift the obliviate spell she'd placed on them before it became irreversible. She hadn't bothered asking Ron to come with her because she knew he was still grieving the loss of his brother, and his family needed him. It had been painful, though, that he hadn't offered to accompany her, or just to see her off - even Ginny, who had been in the same boat as him, had the time to spare. Hermione knew dwelling on it was childish, so she'd moved on after some time. But that wasn't what had really hurt their friendship. No, what caused the rift was the fact that he carried on with his life as the Keeper of the Chudley Cannons. That, and being a member of the Golden Trio, had catapulted him to stardom. And with fame came parties, social events...and women. She shouldn't be affected by all of this — they'd never really talked about where they stood, but it hurt her nonetheless. Her return sparked a change in Ron. It was as if a memory charm had been reversed, and he started thinking about picking up where they'd left of. No longer was he seen out with various witches, as he only pursued her since the day she got back. He sent her roses every day, as if he'd forgotten that she was allergic to them, and chocolates, for which she'd never had a liking. She sighed. After all these years, it was as if he didn't know her. And then there was Malfoy, head of the Department of International Magical Cooperation. Malfoy, who was constantly on the lookout for her like a wolf to his prey, giving her compliments out of nowhere, watching her like he'd devour her. Those eyes, oh those eyes! They made her quiver with want, left her hot and bothered. It was a feeling Hermione was no longer familiar with, having less time for love and the physical needs of her body. She was unnerved. This was the same man who, five years ago, had called her a vicious slur she ought not to mention even in her mind. He'd sneered at her, hexed her and thought her way beneath the dirt on his dragon-hide boots. What made him interested, all of a sudden? She wondered. It wasn't as if he was out of witches. She had seen a couple of them eyeing him like he was sex on legs. The fact that he'd gone from a pointy-faced git to a heartthrob in a span of a few years made her suspicious he had an ulterior motive behind his actions. Oh, she won't think of him. Not anymore! She had Ron to think about. She wouldn't picture Draco's strong arms..arms that could easily hoist her up and fu— "Ugh! No! Stop it!" She banged her head on her table, hissing at the pain that made her forget her momentary lapse of sanity. She didn't even hear her door open. "Hermione? What's wrong?" Ron entered hesitantly and sauntered close to her. "N-nothing!"she stuttered, caught in the act having lurid thoughts about Malfoy. "I've got a headache, nothing serious." "Reckon what you're doing doesn't help. Are we still on for later?" Ron gave Hermione the boyish smile that used to make her heart flutter. Gone was his lanky frame, replaced by muscles from his line of work. He looked handsomer than before. There was no spark, though. It was like the years apart had snuffed the attraction from her. "Yeah, it doesn't. I have a potion for it, so I should be okay later." He seemed satisfied with her answer and slowly leaned down to kiss her lips. Alarmed and unsure of how she should respond, she moved her face just in time, and his lips landed on her cheek instead. She leaned back, and an awkward silence filled the room. "Uhm, I'll see you later then?" "Yeah, later." Ron tucked his hands in his robe's pockets and walked to the door, but he suddenly stopped before leaving her office. "What the hell are you doing here Malfoy?" "In case you've forgotten, Weasley, I work here," Malfoy snapped back, his voice laced with venom. "Also, if you can kindly move your arse out of the way, I have confidential things to discuss with Granger. You're wasting my time." Ron's hands tightened to fists, seemingly ready to wipe the sneer off Malfoy's face. "Ron, I'll see you later. Please," she pleaded. "I have a case I need to run through with Malfoy." Ron faced her, gave a curt nod and left in a huff. Malfoy closed the door behind him and prowled toward her. Hermione was taken aback by the anger she saw in his eyes and carefully backed away into the corner. "What is it, Malfoy?" She heard her voice falter. "You've been avoiding me, Granger, and I don't like it. Why?" he snarled. "I don't know what you're talking about." "You know damn well what I'm talking about." He placed his hands on the wall, effectively locking her in. She tried to pry his arms off, but he won't budge. "Get away, Malfoy! What do you want?" He turned his grey eyes on her and, in that husky drawl of his, uttered the words that shattered her resolve. "You. I want you, Granger." She gasped. Seeing his chance to silence her, Malfoy leaned in and closed the gap between them. His tongue plundered her mouth. Teasing. Caressing. A startled cry escaped her lips and, knees weak from the onslaught of his advances, her hands braced his shoulders out of instinct to keep from falling. Shock turned to arousal, shutting down her sense of right and wrong, and she returned his fervent kisses with the same intensity. Hermione mewled against Malfoy's mouth when his hips ground against hers. He did it repeatedly and roughly, seeming completely consumed with need and fueled by the noises she made. Groaning into her mouth, Draco quickly reached down and lifted her hips to his, hiking her skirt up in the process. His mouth found her neck and opened hotly to suck at her delicate skin. He tasted her while his hands caressed her arse, still grinding his hips, letting her feel his hard length on her wet heat. This was all unplanned, but he wasn't about to complain. When he'd seen Weasley try to kiss her, he'd been consumed by a feeling foreign to him. There's no way he was letting that oaf have his little minx after this. He'd make sure she'd be his. Her lips were plump and red from their passionate snogging, and her eyes were shut tight, lost in the throes of passion. "Granger, look at me." She slowly opened her honeyed orbs and couldn't seem to focus because of his ministrations. "Don't go with him. This, whatever this is that we have between us, you can't deny it. Not anymore." As if to prove his point, Draco pressed featherlight kisses on her mouth again. She readily parted for him, savoring his taste. Carrying her to a chair, he leaned back and tipped up her chin. "I won't give you roses, Granger, cliché isn't my thing, but I sure as hell won't leave you hesitating when I give you my attention." He gazed into her eyes, hoping he'd be able to convey his thoughts. "Let's give this thing a chance. I saw how you evaded Weasley's kiss. Say yes." In a moment of clarity, she tried to move, but Draco held her hips firmly. "Let me up, Malfoy. How can we talk properly when you're holding me hostage?" She pouted those sumptuous lips. "I think you're right where you're supposed to be." He gave her a cheeky grin. "So? What do you think?" "Let me up, and I'll tell you." He sighed and gave in, allowing her to stand. Granger looked away and closed her eyes. "I'm dating