It started off as a secret mission, a pact between him and his parents as strong as an Unbreakable Vow, a secret he shared with the teachers of the school that made him special. The mission was this; don't get close enough to anybody for them to find out. He had always been an introverted kid. He liked to keep to himself, so the no-friends part wouldn't be an issue. But when he told his mother about this handy skill he possessed, she frowned and looked away as though he had said something very uncomfortable. But his dad smiled at the revelation as though he had already completed 7 years at Hogwarts without sharing the sacred information. "That's great, Remus, you're going to do so well at school! But we didn't say no friends - have a few pals if you want. But no best mates and no nosey friends who are going to ask about where you go, okay?" "Okay," Remus nodded, but he was already thinking about exactly how many books he could read during a year at Hogwarts in solitude. As he thought, he was sure he caught his mother whisper to his father angrily. "Lyall, a boy like ours can't have a few casual friends and you know it. He needs love." He ignored the remark because he had heard thousands of similar ones, ever since the day they had decided he would have go to Hogwarts anyway, and continued his thought. Three or four books a week, and then only one book a week when he was studying for exams. That would be about... "Dad!" he gasped with the sort of sincerity only 11-year-old Remus could muster, "How am I going to bring 120 books with me to Hogwarts?" His mum returned to the conversation now, her face lighter. She could never be upset when Remus was in peril as he was now. "We already told you about Hogwarts' library, Remus! You'll love it. And we'll send you any books you ask for to school by owl. Anything you want, we'll send it, alright?" She reached out to cup his face in a motherly way that rather scared Remus. His mother only performed loving gestures like that when she was concerned about him, and he didn't know what there was to be concerned about. He stepped away and began a string of sweets and books he would require in his first week that had them in peels of laughter. He smiled a quiet smile at them as they giggled. He would miss his parents; they were his best friends. He had friends in primary school, but only because they were muggle and wouldn't believe his secret even if they did find out. It was different in a magical school. It was only when they arrived at King's Cross that he began worrying. He hadn't realised quite how many children there would be. Whilst the other first years gawked at the station and bid their parents farewell, Remus assessed their numbers. Turning back to his parents, he asked uneasily, "Did you know there would be this many children?" His mother frowned and turned away again. She looked like she might cry, which honestly wasn't helping the situation. "Come on, now, Hope," his father murmured to her before bending down to talk to Remus. "There's going to be lots of children, Remus. But don't worry, if you need to get away, there's a ton of places to go. Do you have the list I gave you? And remember, you can speak to your proffessors about anything." His son smiled, but that wasn't the issue that Remus had discovered. All of the children seemed to be making friends already. They had gathered into great large packs of kids, and as they walked, they formed a stream of laughter and shouts. Remus felt more excluded than he had ever felt in his life. The next half hour was a whirlwind of kisses and hugs and hurried advice and a checklist for luggage, and when it was over, Remus found himself sitting in a train carriage alone. Shellshocked, he stared into space for what seemed like hours when he heard a scuffle outside the door of the carriage. In a flurried panic, he remembered the advice his parents had burned into his brain and lunged into his bag for a book. He opened it and managed to slap an interested expression on his face seconds before the door flew open. Boys flooded through, one after the other, falling over eachother and laughing hysterically as they scrambled up from the floor. Already, he had heard more curse words than he had ever heard in his entire life. His book forgotten, he watched with wide eyes as the flurry organised itself into three boys. "Hey," the middle one, taller than any boy in his primary school and with messy hair piled high on his head, spoke up, "mind if we sit in here? We got chased out of our carriage." The boys exchanged looks at this. Remus could tell that his own presence was the only thing keeping them from bursting into laughter again. Swallowing hard, Remus nodded and stared hard at his book as the boys settled themselves down. He had never stared so hard at anything in his life. After a few moments, he turned the page quickly, as though fully absorbed by the book he had stuffed into his bag without glancing at it. A break from the boys' conversation was obvious enough to force Remus to glance up for a moment. Opposite him, a boy with jaw-length black hair and dark eyes was smirking at him. The second he opened his lips, Remus knew he would utter something irritating. That happens with some people. You dislike them in an instant, the same way you clicked with others. "You know your book's upside down." The boy watched carefully for Remus's reaction. Remus did not know, but he turned the book - Objects Which Should Not Be Used As Portkeys - over cooly and responded with, "Oh." He was proud of himself in that moment as he continued his book - staring. The boy interrupted him again with a sneer that had the other two boys falling over themselves laughing. "Do you usually read books like that, then?" Remus glanced up and back in the way his father had advised him to - as if he didn't really care. His heart was thumping hard against his chest. "I was practising." "Practising being able to read upside down?" The boy grinned around the carraige at his friends, who had already called him several rude things and were falling over each other laughing at them. "Yes." Remus said, quietly. "Are your friends practising how to laugh obnoxiously?" He returned to his book, feeling for a moment as if he had won, when they launched into louder fits of laughter. "Ooh, brilliant comeback," the chubby boy choked out as he laughed at Remus. But they were laughing too hard to get in any proper digs about his stupid reply, and when the laughter died down, they began discussing quidditch. Remus was still flushed, but he had been reading - properly reading - for about two chapters when the boy with the longer hair began talking again. "Well, we're almost to Hogwarts now. Stop being so rude, maybe?" He sounded almost offended. "I'm Sirius, and that git there's James." The chubby boy did not get an introduction, but he gave Remus a tight smile and offered, "Peter." "I'm Remus." he had not looked up from his book this time, and found himself watching the word painful with the eyes of a hawk. His parents had allowed him to have aquaintances, but he would not desert his mission so soon. And, when he did, it would not be for mindless baboons who had not the manners to introduce all of their friends. No, he would wait as long as it took to find considerate and intelligent aquaintances, as his parents had suggested. "What house do you think you'll be in, Remus? I'll be in Gryffindor," James commented. He glanced around nonchantly as he spoke but Remus could see the flush of excitement in his face. He had been dreaming of Hogwarts. Perhaps he had been dreaming of friends and quidditch whereas Remus dreamt of quiet places and complex magic, but that was the only thing Remus and James had in common then. "Dunno," came Remus's reply. He couldn't help cringing at how awfully rude he was being, but he heard his father's words over and over. Children delight in secrets, Remus. They don't see the consequences of sharing those secrets, so you mustn't give them the chance to. He felt Sirius glaring at him over his book. "Come on, guys. We'll find a carriage with people who can actually talk." As they left, tension Remus hadn't known was there left his shoulders. He breathed deep and threw his book down. The moment they stepped out of the carriage, the boys began laughing again, as if they had been holding their breath. Did laughter really come that naturally to them? "I've never wanted to choke someone more than I did there now," James wheezed as they slammed the door closed. Sirius' voice could be heard from 4 carriages away saying, "Remus Lupin, he's called. He must just naturally look constipated like that, staring all the time. Did you ever see him blink, James?" "I didn't!" chirped Peter, but his voice was lost beneath their talking and the train's horn. They had arrived at Hogwarts. The castle met Remus' expectations exactly. His parents had described the great hall, the sorting hat, the moving stairs, even Dumbledore perfectly, but Remus now got the sense that his parents had left some parts of their stories out. To Remus, the experience seemed rather empty because he had no one to share it with. Because of course Lyall and Hope Lupin had had friends! They had met in Hogwarts and whenever any of his parents' friends came over, they always discussed their days at school. Remus felt absurd for believing that all those happy memories his mother had told him about had happened without friends. But his mother hadn't been a werewolf. That was where the difference lay, and that was why his time at school would never be the same as hers, and why he could never talk to friends about 'the good old days at Hogwarts'. Dreams filled Remus' head as he stood at the back of the line alone, waiting to be sorted. James had been the first to step up to the stool, and was placed into Gryffindor before the hat touched his head, really. He bounded down from the stage with an arrogant smile pasted on his face and slid into the Gryffindor table as though he had been doing so for years. Sirius followed after him and repeated the process, but he looked uneasy. His eyes were on the Slytherin table. The Sorting Hat wavered on Peter's head, but he was seated next to Sirius and James soon enough and what looked like the entire Gryffindor house came to clap them on the back. As he waited, he imagined being put into Gryffindor and clapped on the back like James and Sirius. He would feel best at the Ravenclaw table, of course, but most of the laughter in the Great Hall seemed to be radiating from the Gryffindors. (So they were all obnoxious laughers, then.) The Hufflepuffs smiled at each individual first year as they tottered over, and he imagined he would find "casual pals" there. He didn't look at the Slytherin table, because he felt their eyes already on him. Why? Because he was next to be sorted. In a panic he watched as the boy in front of him with the black hair and sallow skin crept towards the Slytherin table. He was