I don't own Harry Potter and I don't make a profit off of my stories Warnings – smart Harry, sexual content, Mpreg, language, violence, manipulative Dumbledore/McGonagall/Hermione Bashing ( I'm thinking) "I'm speaking" Pairing: Yaoi M/M, Harem– seme Harry x ukes ? / ? / ? / ? XXXXXXXXXX "COME ON PEOPLE, HUSTLE! WE HAVE A DEADLINE!" roared the head healer at St. Mungo's potion lab where a massive amount of potions is currently being produced and prepared for shipment for the oncoming cold and flu season. One brown haired medi-witch rolled her eyes as she started bottling a set of potions "slave driver" she grumbled. Another young medi-witch with black hair set a box down next to her friend and smirked "yeah seriously, hey did you see that hot Quidditch player come in" The first medi-witch stopped bottling leaving several vials open just waiting to be filled "oh I know! I so wanna search for his snitch" the brunette fanned her flushed face as she started think dirty thoughts. "oh I know" the raven licked her lips and leaned on the box of potions she had, which was labeled 'To Be Disposed'. She didn't see the cork of one potion come undone … "GET BACK TO WORK!" the head healer barked startling both witches resulting in the raven jostling the box causing the one potion to splatter across the workstation. "oh shit" they hissed. The head healer thankfully didn't see what happened and they flicked their wands to clean up the mess. The raven haired witch nearly ran from the room with the rest of the potions meant for disposal as her brown haired friend frantically finished bottling not realizing the some of the vials were tainted with droplets of the spilled potion. Everything was finished and packed away. Unbeknownst to anyone a pack of tainted potions was sent to Hogwarts … XXXXXXXXXX Ron frowned as he and Harry walked towards the Great Hall for dinner "Hermione is ticked at us for some reason" "yeah, but I don't know why. I would think she'd be happy that our potion scores are up" Harry sighed as he was trying to sort out his friend's feelings "you don't think she believes we kept the 'Half Blood Prince's' journal, do you?" "why? We told her we gave it back and we did. I was there when you handed it to Snape the same day you found it … the git didn't have to look so shocked that you'd hand over someone's belongings" Ron grumbled. Harry shrugged "yeah … I wonder if Snape found who the book belongs to. I would love to thank them for writing their notes out in a way that actually made potions easy to understand" Harry chuckled as he followed his red haired friend. The red head glance around to see if anyone was listening before leaning up to Harry's ear and whispering "actually mate … could she be mad about those things we don't tell her cause she'll disapprove? You know, your grimoire, the training in that room or those theories we have on Dumbledick " The red head scowled as he spat out the butchered form of the headmaster's name. The Weasley family has come to the realization over the last few years that Dumbledore did not have Harry's best interest at heart and have been taking measures every summer to help him every summer he's forced to stay with those things that can barely be called human known as the Dursleys … The Potter frowned and thought a moment. Hermione always made it clear that she disapproves of many things. She didn't want Harry doing things not authorized by Dumbles the very wizard he didn't trust and she would tell, which is why they stayed quiet until Hermione grew out of it "I don't usually write in my grimoire when people are around. Most people just think it's a normal journal or homework save for you and Neville … she just loves teachers too much to even consider that Dumbles is capable of any wrongdoing or that we would think otherwise … and the ghosts are positive that no one has followed me to that room" "then what's her deal?" Ron groaned and rubbed his head as if he was fighting a headache "I give up … I'll ask Ginny to see what the problem is. So it's almost Christmas break, ready to come over tomorrow?" Harry grinned "can't wait!" he exclaimed as they turned the corner and entered the bustling Great Hall. They sat down next to Neville and waited for everyone to be seated. The boys tried to say hi to Hermione, but she just glared at them and sat with Ginny who looked just as baffled at the bushy haired witches attitude as them. Once Dumbledore stood up silence fell over the room "as most of you know it's that time of year for sickness and that means after dinner everyone should for an orderly line outside the infirmary to receive the yearly potions to prevent the basics colds and flus, now enjoy the meal!" vast amounts of delicious food appeared on the tables and famished students … "he's twinkling you" Ron whispered out of the corner of his mouth as he filled his plate. Harry's jaw clenched and he stabbed a piece of chicken with much more force than necessary. Every time Dumbledore looked at him with the 'plotting twinkle', as Ron dubbed it, in his eyes that meant bad news for him … he saw the twinkle every year right before something bad happens, being forced back to the Dursleys included. "great" Harry grumbled continued eating while wondering what the old wizard had up the sleeves of his gaudy robes. It wasn't long before he'd find out … Right after dinner was finished everyone began heading for the infirmary where Poppy was waiting. Harry and Ron lined up with Neville … sadly not far behind Draco Malfoy who was giving his usual arrogant smirk with his fellow Slytherins next to him. Harry was relieved to see Professor McGonagall standing nearby meaning the Slytherins weren't going to try anything, but it was apparent the head of Gryffindor house was not there to keep order. Professor McGonagall walked right up to Harry "Mr. Potter, the headmaster wishes to speak with you" Harry knew arguing would be pointless so he nodded and left the line without getting his potions. He walked passed the long line of students, through the halls and up to the gargoyle statue that guarded the headmaster's office. "fudge flies" Harry watched the statue spin away revealing a staircase. While walking up the stairs he reminded himself about the headmaster's mind invading abilities. Thankfully Ron's father, Arthur Weasley, gave Harry a few tips for protecting his mind from people who can read them, like the headmaster, when they became more aware of Dumbledore's manipulations. The most important being is to not look them in the eyes and to keep your mind blank … Dumbledore looked up from his desk and smiled with that creepy twinkle in his eyes "Harry my boy, how are you?" "just fine Headmaster" Harry said with the best fake smile he could muster. He hated being called 'boy' … it's just like uncle Vernon … how much did Dmbledore know about that abuse? Harry knew the old goat knew plenty, but if so is it a sick joke calling him that? … Dumbles doesn't call anyone else that … what an ass! "ummm … am I in trouble sir?" Harry asked innocently carefully avoiding the man's eyes like usual. "not at all my boy! I want to congratulate you on getting your grades up and doing so well on your OWLS, but I'm afraid I have some disheartening news … do to some movements of the Death Eaters it wouldn't be safe for you or the Weasley family to go to the Burrow for winter break" (funny Percy and Mr. Weasley never mentioned any movements) Harry thought as he recalled all the messages he had with the ministry and Order members. The Weasley family may not have been politically powerful, but they are in all the right places for information. One in Gringotts, two in the ministry, one pretending to be Fudge's right hand man, and so on "b-but headmaster they did inv-" "I'm sorry my boy, but this is for your protection and theirs" said Dumbledore who look so apologetic at the disheartened boy face, but his twinkle became brighter. "I understand sir" Harry hung his head doing his best to look crushed, which he was really, just furious too. Dumbledore smiled "good. Now those Occlumency lessons will be restarted right after break and Professor Snape will teach you" technically the lessons were supposed to start the year before, but Snape was caught in a trap Peeves made and has been suffering some sort of headache that made Legilimency impossible so they had to wait. Harry visibly paled, but Dumbledore assumed it was simply because of Snape not that Harry had secrets to hide. Harry only had a few simple tips to stop Dumbledore from just reading his thoughts, he can't stop someone from invading his mind "y-yes sir … can I go now headmaster? I need to get those potions" "oh yes of course! You be on your way my boy. Oh and Professor Snape has agreed to take you for his NEWT class even though you only got an EE on your potions Owl and even though it's the middle of the year so no worries, you can be an Auror like your father" said the twinkling headmaster cheerily as Harry smiled and quickly retreated. XXXXXXXXXX "hey Weasel" Draco scowled as Ron ignored his taunting in favor of taking the potions Poppy gave him. Poppy glared disapprovingly at Draco "knock it off Draco Malfoy and take these" she gave the blonde Slytherin three potions and then Neville followed by a few other people. Just after Ron and Nevile left Professor Snape passed the infirmary catching Poppy's attention "Severus Snape get back here and take these!" The potions professor sneered at the vials in the medi-witch's hand "I can easily make my own" "and when in your busy schedule will you be able to do that?" she asked pointedly making Severus twitch. Between creating potions for a Dark wizard, spying, Death Eater missions, teaching, grading, writing exams and Dumbledore's plots he had no time. "very well" Snape conceded and drank two of the three potions, but paused to look at the third "the color seems off-" "drink it" Poppy ordered and Severus downed it trying to avoid angering the witch and made a fast exit, but shot Draco a look to come with him to talk. Poppy watched Draco drink his potions and follow the professor out "that's one box done" she flicked her wand and opened the next set of potions as more students came in. She absentmindedly wondered where Harry Potter went to … XXXXXXXXXX The young wizard in question stormed out into the hallway in front of he headmaster's office and kept moving through the hallways. He was so fixated on keeping his temper in check that he didn't notice a few people standing outside the infirmary blushing at him. "it's about time Mr. Potter" Poppy smiled and handed him three potions. The medi-witch was stunned that the teen downed all three like shots of whiskey and left without a word. Harry nearly crashed straight into Ron as he headed back intro the Gryffindor dorm. "whoa Harry cool it mate!" Ron frowned as he friend was clearly pissed about something. He took Harry's arm and they went into the Ron's prefect room for privacy "what is going on? What did Dumbledick say?" the red asked as he felt the tension in Harry's muscles … his very strong and toned muscles … Ron blushed and shook the thoughts away. The Potter gave a