I don't own Harry Potter and I don't make a profit off my stories Warning: sexual content, Mpreg, language, violence, abuse – Manipulative Dumbledore/Ron/Hermione Bashing ( I'm thinking) "I'm speaking" Pairing: Yaoi M/M– top Harry x bottom Draco XXXXXXXXXX Harry bolted upright in his bed dripping with sweat. The 11 year old was haunted for the passed few nights. He simply couldn't get the images of Quirrell dissolving when he touched him out of his mind. The agonizing screams echoed through his ears. It was self defense and he knew it. The former DADA professor had tried to help Voldemort get the Philosopher's Stone and tried to murder the young student, but Harry couldn't help but feel … lost? Sad? Confused? Scared? … he wasn't sure. He killed someone … No one has said anything beyond praising him for stopping the Dark Lord … He took someone's life … didn't that matter? And what now? Just go back to the Dursleys? The icy feeling of panic swept through the boy. Harry looked around at his sleeping roommates before quietly sneaking off to the bathroom. With a few splashes of cold water on his face he calmed down a little and sat down on a closed toilet. "what the bloody hell do I do? If I go back … they might" Harry tried to swallow, but the knot in his throat made it tricky. It was scary to think about. His aunt, uncle and cousin hated him more than anything. For the first few years of his life he actually thought his name was 'Freak'. That it was normal for a five year old to cook breakfast. That he was sick in some way, but now he knows about magic and that he isn't the only person with it. While being as quiet as possible he rolled up his sleeve revealing several fine scars running down his left wrist and forearm. Cool shaking fingertips gently caressed the scars. There were several scars all over his body not including the fact that he was too small from constant periods of starvation and malnutrition resulting in his small stature. Various burns, crisscrossing marks from a belt on his back and other marks from the many beatings he endured. "I … can't go back" Harry gasped as he yanked his sleeve down to cover the scars that his family gave him or forced him to inflict on himself. The abuse was bad to begin with, but once he got his Hogwarts letter it got so much worse. If he returns now, after learning some magic, it will only get even worse. They might just kill him … But he can't avoid it. When he was sitting in the infirmary bed after stopping Quirrell and Voldemort he thought he could get a chance to talk to Headmaster Dumbledore about it. He did and even tried to show him some scars, but for some reason the kind grandfatherly wizard told him it was not an option! Why?! Didn't Dumbledore care? Did anyone? Harry has been trying to subtly drop hints about his treatment, but no one was paying him any mind. He was sure Hermione would get it, but she wasn't saying anything. It was like they were all in on something … Harry's eyes suddenly widened as an epiphany basically smacked upside the head. Was this a plot? Come to think of it why was this all too easy? Why would Hagrid make an important delivery in front of a kid? Why would Dumbledore leave that mirror where the Philosopher's Stone where he could easily find it and talk to him about it? Did the headmaster intend for him to get the stone? If so then Dumbledore put his life at risk on purpose and made him a target! And what person makes the defenses around the stone so weak that three kids could get in without alerting anyone?! Professor Snape was bitten when he tried to get passed Fluffy, but they could conveniently get through. A groan passed Harry's lips at the thought of the potions professor. If Quirrell was the one behind everything then they blamed Snape for nothing. Quirrell was the one who was casting the curse that nearly threw him off the broomstick during Quidditch … Snape could have been chanting the counter curse! "ow! … bloody hell" the young boy hissed in pain and clutched his hand. Harry was so consumed by his thoughts that he didn't realize that his grip on a shelf was getting stronger with each thought until his thumb slipped and he sliced his thumb. Dashing over to the sink and washing the cut was the first thing he did. Then he took a square of toilet paper to mop up the gray blood drops on the ground. After cleaning the evidence he leaned against the sink and let his mind wander back to the potions professor … maybe that's the person he should talk to is Snape. Yes, the man seemed to have something against him, but if his thoughts were right then the professor cared enough to save him and was the only teacher to check to see if the Philosopher's stone was safe … Professor McGonagall just brushed him off when he warned her and has yet to apologize for ignoring his warnings. Come to think of it he ran into Professor Snape right after he tried to warn McGonagall … did he over hear everything? … and actually take him seriously? Something about that made him feel warm inside. The sounds of rustling startled Harry. Everyone else was slowly getting up and getting ready for their last breakfast before going home for the summer. A deep calming breath steadied his racing heart. He came to a decision … right after breakfast he will talk to Professor Snape. Beg even, if he had to. Going back to the Dursleys really was a matter of life and death so he would gladly scrap any pride he had to get help. At this point he didn't care if the man laughed at first. With a sudden burst of energy he raced through his morning routine and packed everything so he had nothing to worry about. Neville groaned as he sat up and rubbed the sleep out of his eyes "you seem eager Harry, ready to head home" he mumbled as he saw Harry haphazardly tossing things in his trunk. "you could say that Neville" (more like desperate though) Harry thought. Since it was still early he tidied up his clothes, summer assignments and first year books before double checking that he had everything. As the silky texture of his invisibility cloak brushed soothingly against his cut thumb another question came to mind … Who would give an 11 year old an invisibility cloak and say 'use it well'? What is Dumbledore doing? He filed the thought away for later as he tucked the cloak away under his clothes. Neville came out of the bathroom and started packing too "you ok Harry?" he asked softly so the many other Gryffindors didn't hear, "huh? … oh I'm fine. Just lost in thought" (albeit some very disturbing thoughts) "thanks Neville" Harry smiled as he locked his trunk and lifted it off his bed. Neville smiled and nodded in understanding as he set his toad next to Hedwig's cage. "yeah I can understand that … oh Harry, could you help me wake Ron? You seem to be the only one with any luck getting him up" Neville chuckled. Harry twitched while looking at the snoring gray head. He didn't want to waste time on this "alright" he sighed, grabbed the edge of the mattress Ron was sleeping on and showed some strength by lifting it. Ron rolled off the bed with a loud thump. "BLOODY HELL! … what was that for?" the Weasley snapped while shooting Harry a glare and ignored the other Gryffindors snickering. "we're going to be late for breakfast. I bet your Mom won't be happy if you came home knowing you had to rush packing because you slept in and ended up forgetting something" muttered Harry, his tone filled with false concern. Ron paled and raced to start his morning routine. Ron was nice, but it irritated him that he takes everything for granted … and seems to be more interested in money and the fame of being the friend of the 'Boy Who Lived' than being a real friend. Professor Snape didn't care about the 'Boy Who Lived' crap … that was another reason to try to tell Snape. Harry didn't bother waiting for anyone. After setting his trunk in the Gryffindor common room he went to breakfast. Pretty green eyes feverishly scanned the great hall's few occupants for his target. The gray and gold banners were still up from the feast last night where it was announced that the Gryffindors won the house cup. As fun as that was it felt a little unfair. The Slytherins, Ravenclaws and Hufflepuffs had over a hundred more points than his house, but do to a sudden surge of points for killing Quirrell and Voldiemort they won. Not only did none of the other houses get a chance to catch up, but the points were given while ignoring all the rules that he broke. An academic award like the House Cup shouldn't reward the actions of rule breakers … at least he thought so, apparently no one else did. Draco Malfoy was definitely mad … Harry did try to talk to the blonde Slytherin and explain that he didn't know about the House cup, but Ron made a harsh comment and ruined everything. Everything went like a blur once he spotted Professor Snape. Not one minute went by without him casting a glance at the professor. The buzz of people was barely heard over his heart pounding against his ribcage. Snape had finished his meal and was about to leave. Harry scarfed down a little more food and said he'd meet them in the common room to Hermione who looked a little put out, but it was covered up quickly covered up with a smile so he ignored it. It took a couple minutes to catch up to the tall professor and he was out of breath when he finally went skidding to a stop near the potions room "Wait!" he gasped and gulped air greedily to help his lungs before looking up at the cold black eyes "please Professor Snape, I need to talk to you-" "spit it out Potter. I don't have all day" the potions professor stated coldly. Harry flinched at the tone, but quickly squashed the nervousness he always felt under the gaze of those black eyes "I'm sorry sir … please I really need to tell you about my living conditions-" "and what would be the problem? I can't let you take a broom, but that shouldn't be a problem since I'm sure you have several things to occupy your time at home, so what's wrong? Not getting enough love, attention and things to waste your time on? I'm sure you will be fine seeing as you get everything on a silver platter. Unless you only wish to inform me that you upgraded to a gold platter?" he said dryly as he watched the young boy squirm. The young wizard was stunned … where did Snape get that impression? "what? … no sir, I just …" he subconsciously gripped his left sleeve and wondered if showing Snape the scars would help. He steeled himself and was about to roll up his sleeve when … "then you have no need of me. Go back to your pampered life. Just have your summer assignments completed. Not that I expect much from you for potions. You sadly take after your father " Snape growled at the mention of Harry's father stunning the boy speechless. When Harry didn't say anything further … he was too shocked