I don't own Harry Potter and I don't make a profit off my stories Warning : AU- sexual content, Mpreg, language, violence, abuse, blood drinking – Manipulative McGonagall, Potters Bashing Young teachers Gellert/Albus/Tom/Severus, Tough Fatherly Hagrid Lord Marvolo Gaunt as Dark Lord Creature Harry ( I'm thinking) "I'm speaking" Pairing: Yaoi M/M, Harem – top Harry x bottoms Fred / George / Albus / Gellert / Severus / Tom (TMR) XXXXXXXXXX "oh my! Look it's him! Michael Potter!" yelled one person out of the big crowd waiting for the Hogwarts Express at King's Cross Station. "he's so dreamy" swooned two girls who looked liked twins. "I bet he'll be in Gryffindor" said on guy in the crowd. "of course he will you git! Where else would the guy who killed a Dark Lord at only two years old be?" shouted another person as the crowd swarmed the Potter parents and the smirking Michael Potter who was an exact replica of his father, but with green eyes behind thick framed glasses. Off to the side of the mob of adoring fans the train pulled up where a boy whose face was hidden under the hood of a black hoody and wearing dark blue jeans went on before anyone came to their senses. He had no suitcase or any luggage, but he boarded and went right up to the first compartment with his hands securely in his pockets. The compartment door swung open for him and he went in. Once the door shut behind him the blinds closed and shade over the windows plunging the compartment into darkness as if on command. A command the boy never said out loud. The boy lowered his black hood revealing a glint of eyes and black gloves on his hands, but nothing else could be seen in the darkness. The sound of other students caught his attention and he placed his hand on the door. The boy whispered something and the door vanished. With every clunk of a suitcase the boy twitched as if it was too loud. Only two minutes passed before the boy shrugged and snapped his fingers making all the sounds fall to a little less than whispers. A smile graced the boy's lips and he laid across the bench where he promptly fell asleep. XXXXXXXXXX "alright first years, this way! Only four people per boat!" boomed the huge bearded man with a thick accent guiding all the new students from the train to the boats. "whoa, who's that? Is he human?" asked a bushy haired girl. Michael shook his head "nope Hermione, that's the half giant gate keeper Hagrid" "and who's perched on his shoulder?" the red haired Ron Weasley asked his famous friend. "huh?" the Potter blinked and saw the boy in blue jeans and a hoodie sitting perfectly balanced on the half giant's shoulder farthest from him. It didn't matter what the giant did the boy remained perfectly stable, which pissed off Michael because the guy was probably killer on a broom. With the black hood up he couldn't see the boy's entire face and his eyes stayed hidden even after gracefully jumping off the half giant's shoulder to help people into the boats. The boy had no suitcase, no uniform and helped everyone equally. He even helped the spoiled Malfoy and his friends board a boat "I don't know" The hooded boy finished helping a pair of twin girls before coming over to them "my name is Harry, may I help any of you?" the hooded boy asked in a smooth, alluring voice as he approached their group. Michael sneered and clumsily jumped in the boat to prove he didn't need help, but he felt his anger rise as he saw Harry assist Hermione, Ron and a nervous Neville into the boat. The guy didn't even pay any attention to him! Harry seemed more concerned with the bloody luggage! The bastard should at least look disappointed that he didn't get to touch the Boy Who Lived! Before Michael's anger could mount to the point where he'd do something stupid the boy leapt gracefully off the boardwalk down onto the half giant who was in the lead boat and the boats were off with Harry perched on Hagrid's shoulder again. "what a freak" hissed Michael. Ron scoffed "he is weird" "I admit he's different, but he seems … nice" said Hermione. Neville shushed them "I think he can hear you" "don't be stupid. We're too far-" the Potter turned his head and he and his companions winced. The boy was looking right at them. The feeling of those eyes hidden behind the hood made them shiver. It was really unnerving, but he wanted to look tough so he just huffed, but at the same time they all stayed quiet for a while. Ron grinned "wicked, there's Hogwarts!" Everyone stared in awe at the fully lit castle that stood out against the night sky. It was a beautiful sight to see! As they came closer to the shore near the enchanting castle a port appeared along the shore. Potter and his group blinked in shock as Harry suddenly appeared on the shore and began helping the boats dock. No one even saw him move from the half giant's shoulder and they were still 30 feet from the shore! How the hell did he leave the half giant and clear 30 feet of water without anyone seeing? "how the bloody hell did he get over there?" Ron gaped as he watched Harry stand on the second boardwalk waiting for them. "he must've apparated or used a portkey" said Michael confidently. Hermione shook her head "portkeys don't work over short distances because people get splinched and even if he was old enough to apparate he couldn't do it inside the wards" "how do you know all that?" Ron blinked. "I read it in Hogwarts: A History. Didn't either of you read it? I gave it to you Michael" Hermione pouted as the Potter responded with only a sheepish grin "you're hopeless" the witch sighed making Neville chuckle. Ron just draped his arm over Michael's shoulders "we're going to be Gryiffindors not Ravenclaws" he teased and the boys laughed as Hermione rolled her eyes. Hagrid and Harry helped everyone out of the boats lead the starry eyed awestruck 11 year olds into the castle and up a staircase that ended at a pair of huge doors "alright everyone, leave your things here and the house elves will handle them after your sorting" Hagrid said kindly. The Headmistress, Minerva McGonagall, came up to the first year students "thank you Hagrid" she said dismissively and Hagrid walked up to the huge doors as she turned to the first years "I am Minerva McGonagall, the headmistress of Hogwarts, and I welcome all of you to your first year at school. You will all be sorted just beyond those doors and once you are your house becomes your home. Of course if you wish for help or someone to talk to you are more than welcome to come to me or any staff member. Now I wish you all luck in your future studies" Taking the hint Hagrid threw the doors open to reveal the Great Hall in all its glory. As the awestruck students followed the headmistress Harry paused nervously. "it's ok, Harry. I'll be here" the half giant said softly in his thick accent. The boy's eyes may have been hidden, but the small smile was clearly visible. Harry nodded slightly and joined the group of first years in the front of the room though no one noticed because everyone was focused on the old singing hat. Hagrid moved with surprising stealth along the side of the room and took a seat at the staff table. Going from right to left was the potions professor and House Head for Slytherin Severus Snape with black eyes and shoulder length black hair wearing all black. Then Tom Riddle the DADA professor who was a very handsome young man with red eyes and dark brown hair. Next was Albus Dumbledore, a young handsome man with auburn hair and blue eyes who teaches Transfiguration, the House Head for Gryffindor and is the Deputy Headmaster. Then an empty seat where the headmistress sits when the sorting is done. Then the handsome young violet eyed blonde Gellert Grindelwald the Charms professor and House Head for Ravenclaw. Then Hagrid seated next to James Potter the flying instructor. With the other professors and local healer Madam Pomfrey bringing up the rear. "Lets get the sorting started shall we? When I call your name have a seat" said the headmistress as Albus stood up and placed himself next to the chair holding the sorting hat in his hands. As each name was called the child sat on the chair and the hat was placed onto their head. The hat seemed to take a certain amount of time to consider before calling out the House that fit the child the best. "Ravenclaw as expected and Neville is …" Ron whispered to Michael as Hermione was sorted and waited with a dramatic pause as Neville had the hat placed on his head. "Hufflepuff" the hat stated getting an applause as Neville went to the Hufflepuff table and was welcomed warmly by the other Hufflepuffs. Ron grinned "no surprise" "no kidding mate" Michael snorted. Suddenly Ron's name was called and sorted into Gryffindor. Several names were called until there were only two kids left to sort "Potter" everyone waited in quiet anticipation as Michael sauntered forward, but he made only steps before Minerva called "Harry? … Harry Potter?" everyone looked baffled, especially the headmistress. Since when was there two Potters? Michael gaped unattractively as the hooded boy from earlier glided passed him "where is your uniform young man?" the headmistress said before she could get her thoughts straight. She heard snickers and immediately regretted embarrassing the boy. Harry stopped in front of her "the handbook states that a uniform is required during school hours. Since we live here I assumed 'school hours' meant classes only, not meals. Classes don't start until tomorrow so unless we should expect a quiz on the food I see no reason to risk an awkward moment by changing in a crowded train that's moving at unsafe speeds. Is that alright headmistress?" Harry pulled his hood down revealing his blood red eyes and short silky deep blood red hair earning gasps from several students and teachers, while a few were blushing. Some because Harry was good looking and others because they did in fact have awkward moments on that train. "well … yes that's fine then" McGonagall said hesitantly as the boy walked passed her and sat in the chair. She actually couldn't argue with that logic. The professors exchanged glances. No one knew what to think about the boy. Tom frowned "did you know about this Potter boy, Sev?" he asked Severus quietly as a stunned Albus placed the hat on the boy's head. "yes Tom, because clearly I want to know everything about Potter and his brood" Severus hissed sarcastically. He wanted nothing to do with the arrogant fool and his pompous wife. The Potters seemed to like messing with him. Severus closed his eyes to think "actually during one of her visits I do recall that there were two boys. I believe they were almost three then since it was at the end of our second year. Remember, we tried to see in the stroller and she told us to get away because we were Slytherins" "that's right, but we've never seen both kids since then" Tom sighed and glanced at Albus and then Gellert only to see that they were saddened by something. Of course the two professors were a year older than them and knew the Potters longer. Lily Potter, was the most condescending, narrow minded, know-it-all witch Severus has had the grave displeasure of meeting. During his