I don't own Harry Potter and I don't make a profit off of my stories Warnings – evil and manipulative Dumbledore/McGonagall/most Weasleys bashing, good Pettigrew, sexual content, Mpreg, abuse, language, violence, gore ( I'm thinking) "I'm speaking" Pairing: Yaoi M/M, Harem – seme Harry x uke de-aged Severus / Tom / Lucius XXXXXXXXXX Lucius bolted down the from his study when he heard a scream "Narcissa what's wrong- …" his eyes narrowed as a slew of bumbling Aurors suddenly exploded into his home "what the hell are you doing?!" the Malfoy family head demanded as the Aurors began ransacking the mansion. "we are here on official business Mr. Malfoy" the Auror leading this troop smirked "SEARCH EVERYWHERE! TAKE EVERYTHING THAT HAS ANY MAGIC AND WE'LL SEE WHAT'S DARK MAGIC LATER" he ordered his men before casting Lucius a smug smirk. The Malfoy didn't show it, but he was worried and so was his wife. After all they did possess some dark items. Most weren't important and can be explained away except for one … a diary Tom gave him years before the man started truly going insane and became the Dark Lord everyone knows of today … A child's cry was heard and the boom of an Auror going flying across the room … "DRACO!" Lucius and Narcissa bolted up the stairs where they saw their house elf Dobby standing between their six year old son and the Aurors … the Aurors who looked scared of the elf glaring at them. Narcissa scooped up Draco "come here honey, everything will be fine shhhh it's ok" she said soothingly trying to cease her son's crying. "what's the meaning of this?" the lead auror growled as he saw one of his men out cold on the ground. "the problem with breaking into someone's home without warning, official business for the Ministry or not, is that there is no time to call off the house elves. Dobby was well with in his rights with defending my son" Lucius smirked at the pissed off look on the lead Auror's face "now do you have any need for us?" "no" the head Auror snarled. "then we'll be in the gazebo outside. Try not to destroy everything. Dobby would you have some snacks sent over there?" said Lucius as he guided his family down the stairs. "of course master Malfoy" Dobby said cheerily before shooting the Aurors a harsh glare making them all flinch except for the one out cold on the ground. The elf straightened his classy dark red and black uniform and pretended to brush away some fake dust before vanishing. Lucius frowned as they passed the group of Aurors removing books, but his mood brightened a little when he saw one Auror removing his mother's portrait (at least some good came of this … I hope they won't return her) he tapped Narcissa's shoulder drawing her attention and she grinned thinking the same thoughts as her husband. "mommy why are they taking my toys?" whimpered Draco when he saw a box filled with his toys float by as they went outside. Narcissa scowled "because they're idiots honey. Don't worry they will be bringing them all back and more" Both Narcissa and Lucius were deeply offended by that action. Do these people really think they would keep dark items in range of a child? Disgusting! Once they were in the gazebo Draco was set down to watch the three family owls who settled nearby because of the very rude Aurors crashing around the family owl roost. "this isn't good" Lucius grumbled before using his wand to cast a silencing charm around himself and Narcissa "they found Tom's diary" he sighed as he saw Aurors ransacking his study "they won't know right away, but once they take a close look they will" "damn … this wouldn't be happening if Tom had just stuck to his original plans of trying to separate muggles from the wizarding world and create a place for muggle-born and abused magical children can go instead of becoming … him" both of them were loyal to Tom Riddle, but something happened. Something that turned Tom into Voldemort "if only we did something … what should we do?" Lucius sighed "we can't get Severus involved right away because of that manipulative old fool Dumbledore who would love to get something of Tom's and mount a crusade … Peter might be able to help" "are you sure? Peter is staying hidden … well mostly, since Sirius tried to kill him for thinking he was Lily and James Potter's secret keeper remember, he was revealed to be a Death Eater and is trying to find Tom since we know he isn't dead … we still haven't found out who the real secret keeper was. I'm just glad Sirius is locked up" Narcissa smirked. "yes,, but he was locked up because people thought he was the secret keeper. If he thought Peter was then he wasn't so he'll be freed one day … not that I'll remind anyone that he has yet to have a trial" Lucius smirked, as far as he was concerned it served Sirius right. The fool has managed to get away with years of crap without a single punishment and now he has his do … you got to love karma "we have to try at least. Peter might be able to help" he dropped the silencing charm. After transfiguring a flower petal into a small piece of paper he quickly wrote a note with his wand. Dobby popped in with a tray of tea, sandwiches and a few cookies for Draco. As Draco munched Narcissa kept an eye on the Aurors. Once she signaled that it was safe Lucius gestured to one of the owls perched in the tree. The black owl fluttered over and landed on the banister. "take this to Peter" Lucius whispered urgently as he gave the note to the owl who took the note securely in its beak and flew off … XXXXXXXXXX In a strange house called the Burrow you could see a fluffy brown rat perched on the china cabinet trying to hide from the several red haired brats running around … (these brats are nuts! Why did I pick this place again? … right Arthur has a job at the Ministry) the rat glared as a red haired boy named Ron tried to throw cereal at his little sister (I should've picked a place with better behaved kids) the rat leapt down onto Ron's head and whipped the boy's hand with his tail making the brat drop the cereal with a whine (where the hell did Molly go? I shouldn't be raising her brats) Peter thought irritated that the mother was gone. Peter was about to scurry up to the twins, Fred and George, and pop the paint bombs they were going to use in a prank when he saw a black owl land in tree in the middle of the field. It was Lucius Maloy's owl! You never forget the owl who sent you a howler for going to infiltrate Azkaban without a solid plan and nearly got kissed by a Dementor … he ended up freeing all the Death Eaters loyal to Tom's original plans though so it worked … Severus, Narcissa and Lucius were still pissed that he took such a huge risk though. Ignoring the poorly hidden paint bombs the rat scurried outside, through the long grass and up the tree. The owl practically rolled its large eyes at the rodent and offered the note to the rat. In a obviously human way the rat stood up on its back paws and took the note. Peter's eyes widened as he unfolded the note and read in it … ' Peter, we need help. The Ministry ambushed us with a raid. They have Tom's diary - Lucius ' (oh bloody hell) the rat twitched. That diary was brimming with dark magic and though it probably wasn't harmful it would get Lucius and Narcissa thrown in Azkaban for sure especially when they find out its Voldemort's. He had to get the diary … Good thing Arthur Weasley comes home for lunch … Peter, whose rat form was named Scabbers by the red headed kids, bounded back to the Burrow just in time to see Arthur Weasley floo into the home … "Daddy!" the kids swarmed the smiling father. "hi! I missed you too! Where your mom?" Arthur asked as he hugged each kid. Molly came into the room and smiled "it's about time you got home honey, these ruffians are driving me nuts" she never noticed the family pet rat flip her its middle claw before snatching a bit of food and hiding in Arthur's briefcase. After eating he zipped the case completely closed with him inside. An hour later Peter felt the briefcase move … Right after the floo roared to life Peter nudged the zipper enough so he could see out (good thing Ministry workers put protection charms on their briefcases otherwise I would've been caught by those Animagus detection charms all over this place … now where are- found it!) The rat's sharp eyes zeroed in on one of many boxes that were being floated into a room. The box had a stuff animated dragon flapping its wings … it was a toy he got Draco when he was born. Without further thought he squeezed out of the case and slipped under the nearest desk without being seen. As quickly as he could without being seen he moved under each desk and raced into the room where his friend's things were going. (this is why I never float things long distances. You just never know who will poke around he stuff if you're not watching it) Peter thought amusedly as he jumped around each box looking for the diary. A squeak of victory came from the rat as he spotted the book in question. Unfortunately it wouldn't be easy move in his current form so like usual he took a risk … he shifted quickly into his human form and yanked the diary out of the box. Technically the form he was in now, a pudgy rat like man, was not his real form. Peter has spent so much time in his rat form over the years that it takes a full hour to fully change back resulting in a rat like appearance for during the hour, but there was no time for that complete change. He threw the book so it skidded out of the room and under the closest desk just missing the feet of the person working there. In mid leap he shifted back into a rat and ran towards the book almost getting stepped on by the bumbling Aurors walking into the very room he was just in. Once he was out of sight with the book he paused to catch his breath and wondered what to do next. As he was thinking he spotted a woman he knew was a squib and got an idea. With a bit of wandless magic he cast a 'not notice me' charm on the book … XXXXXXXXXX Ms. Figg huffed as she walked through the Ministry halls "damn Albus and his plots. It's not fair to have me watch him with the Dursleys. Not with all that accidental magic. Where is that old fool? He's upping my pay" she adjusted her shoulder bag and continued looking for the headmaster, but stopped and screamed when a brown rat dashed in front of her "RAT!" Chaos exploded throughout the room. Ms. Figg's bag hit the floor and no one noticed the rat flick its tail sending a black book into the squib's purse before darting back under the desks to avoid the surprising number of stunning spells sent his way by pretty much every witch and wizard working there. After several minutes of unsuccessfully catching the rat everything calmed down.