Birth of a Nightmare Man Summary : Prequel to The Nightmare Man. How did Harry Potter become a feared lord from ancient times? Here we'll see the start of it. Pairing/s : None. Warnings : Violence, gore, evil!Harry and Twisted!Harry. Seriously, for quite a bit he's not friendly at all with humans. Be warned . Disclaimers : I don't own Harry Potter nor do I make any money writing this or any other fanfiction. -o- The prequel of The Nightmare Man is finally here! Enjoy reading, everyone. -o- Chapter One Voldemort was dead. Celebrations were held all over Britain. The Dark Lord had been defeated! They hailed people fighting in the final battle as heroes. And of course, the greatest hero of them all; Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, the great headmaster of Hogwarts, Order of Merlin First Class, the Supreme Mugwump and the Chief Warlock. He had defeated not one but two Dark Lords in one century, and he took it with grace. He spoke warmly of his allies, and wished for a long, peaceful time now when the war with the dark side of magic was finally over. Only he wasn't the hero. The one who had actually killed Voldemort, saving people from a lot of misery, was a person whose name was not spoken of at all. Harry James Potter was the Prophecy Child but was declared the next Dark Lord within the first two hours of his final defeat of Voldemort and therefore, as the celebrations took place, he was in a cell at Azkaban. Harry was glad he still had most of his priced possessions on his person, that he hadn't let Hermione hang onto them but he couldn't use any of them. His wand was gone, the map was useless here and his broom couldn't get him through the thick steel bars. He couldn't use any wandless magic either, thick chains around him preventing the use of magic. He pulled his robe closer against the cold that seemed to seep from the walls itself. He didn't understand why he was there. Albus Dumbledore had always supported Harry, always been behind him and ready to step in and aid when he needed help but now that same man had declared Harry Potter insane, and evil. He had pointed at Harry and said he was the next Dark Lord. Why would he do something like that? Did he wish to take the fame for himself? Albus didn't have to throw Harry into prison for that; he would've given the man that and settled down somewhere far away from people. Harry heard surviving Death Eaters screaming in their cells; at him, at nothing, at the dark that closed up around them. He didn't speak. There was nothing to say to them, but he was sure their screams would drive him mad. There was no way anyone could hold him here without a trial, like they had done to Sirius. Or could they? From what Harry had seen, the public worshipped Albus Dumbledore as if the sun rose from his arse. They would listen to what he said, and what he had said earlier was enough for Harry. He wasn't insane. He wasn't evil. But if Albus Dumbledore wanted the rest of the world to think that, he only needed to say it. Could he really be so cruel? Harry choked back a sob and buried his face in his arms. Were all those kind words a lie? How could a man lie so smoothly, how could he look like he cared? Had he even done the right thing, killing Voldemort? The man was insane yes, but… Harry felt tears soak his robe and clenched his teeth. People outside, free people, celebrated the death of a tyrant. Harry James Potter was beginning to regret that he was the one who actually killed that tyrant. -o- Albus Dumbledore sat in his office, having declined the post as the new Minister by saying he belonged at Hogwarts as long as the staff would have him. They were all thrilled to have him stay. He looked over a photo, a young Harry James Potter and sighed. It was a sad fate for the last of the Potters. Albus had calculated that Harry would die fighting Voldemort, and the final blow to Voldemort would be dealt by Albus himself. But Harry hadn't died, and it was too much of a risk to let him remain free. That didn't mean he wanted Harry to be where he was now, this young child he had watched grow up into a young man. "Oh, Fawkes…" he said, leaning back and looking at his Phoenix. "Harry should have been at peace now, with his parents and their friends. Not in a cell at Azkaban." Perhaps he could arrange for something different, something that kept Harry locked up but in a better place than that. When the magical world in the United Kingdom had begun to heal from Voldemort's dark power. It would take a few years, but Albus could put in a good word for the lad, if Harry behaved. Surely he would behave, surely he would forgive Albus when he had had time to explain why he felt the young man had to be locked up. -o- It took three days before George Weasley came to his cell. Harry didn't move when a chair was put down in front of his cell, or when George came and sat down. They sat in complete silence for a few minutes before George said: "Dumbledore called for a meeting yesterday." "Oh." "He said he had tried to take control over your vaults." "Vaults, as in plural?" Harry said. "Wow. I didn't know that. Why?" "Something about… I don't know, something about getting something ready." "And?" "Well, the goblins didn't buy that." "No?" Harry finally looked up. George looked like he hadn't slept at all, and if he had managed to catch a nap he had done it still dressed. Harry wasn't sure which one of them looked better at the moment. "He tried to argue with them but goblins, ey… they just flat our refused. Mum scolded me for laughing at him." "George, what are people saying about me?" "That's the thing. They aren't. It's like you don't exist." "Oh…" This time it was fainter, and Harry stared down at his shoes. "What about Hermione and Ron? Were they in on it? In on Dumbledore's little plan of saying I was evil?" "I think it caught everyone by surprise, but they… Harry, don't think about them anymore." "So they agreed with him? For what? Did he promise Hermione more knowledge? Did he promise Ron money? They were my friends!" "Then they weren't very good friends, mate. But you still got me. Everyone else may have turned but not me. I won't." "Why is he doing this?" Harry asked. "Dumbledore, why is he doing it?" "Beats me, he won't tell. But they can't hold you here without trial." Harry knew they could. "They held Sirius for twelve years," he said out loud. "I'm not evil. I'm not insane, George, so why am I in here?" "I'll get you out," George said and came closer, looking around for guards. "You hear me, Harry? You're good, so I'll get you out." "You're nothing compared to Albus Dumbledore, George. They won't listen to you." "Hey… watch me. I can be loud." "You've just lost Fred," Harry said. "They'll say it's a phase." "I don't know who you are referring to, but 'they' can say whatever they want," George said. "It's true, I just lost Fred. That means I will hold on tighter for the people I care for, and in this case, it's you." "Molly won't be upset you're visiting an insane man? Or am I the next Dark Lord in her eyes?" "Forget about her. I don't live under roof; I don't abide to her rules." Harry came closer, leaning his head against the bars. George stretched out a hand and touched his hair, then strokes a thumb down his cheek. "Have you eaten anything?" "They come with food," Harry said. "I'm not interested." "You have to eat, Harry. The Dementors are coming back, you need your strength." "Oh joy… the icing on the cake." "I'll bring chocolate next time." "You're coming back?" Damn, Harry hated the sound of hope in his voice but he couldn't help it. He was starved for anything nice, and George was… he wasn't lying, why would he waste his time if he didn't like Harry? -o- The first month came and went, the second as well and Harry wasn't free but he had learnt a few things. He learned where the cell was the warmest because the summer outside clearly never entered Azkaban. He learned how to tune out the screaming. He knew when they came with the food, it was better if he hid because the guards certainly remembered him; they had even cursed him when he was too close to the bars. They called him evil, echoing Dumbledore's words until Harry saw red. But he never acted out. He was finally learning patience, something he had always lacked in his life. It was amazing what prison life did to a person. He even missed people he had no idea he would miss, like Snape. Snape was a mean bastard but at least he never hid behind a mask like Dumbledore had done. Harry had also thought of killing Dumbledore, and learnt he could frighten himself with his own mind. He was certain he wasn't evil, but the fantasies of killing Dumbledore made him feel… satisfied. He had also learnt that George truly was his friend. The redhead came every other day, bearing small gifts as food and candy, and also bits and bobs he could hide from the guards. Lately he had begun to bring a Muggle chess set with him, and this time was no different. They set the chess up on the floor, where they both sat and began to play. "Ron and Hermione are getting married," he informed when Harry thought over his next move. "What, has he made her pregnant already?" George snickered and smiled at Harry. "Yeah, he actually did." "Oh, gross. I don't want to hear about them having sex, ever ." "Then don't ask," George replied. "Anyway, I went to their little celebration dinner, and it was hell. Be glad you were here with the Dementors, they'd make better company." "Actually, they are good company. You learn to ignore the raspy breathing after a while, and I thought they would smell bad but I think it's actually the prison itself that reeks." "That is so scary I don't know what to say. I gotta get you out of here before you start to, I don't know, bang your head against the bars." "That would be Rabastan Lestrange," Harry said. "I don't know why he's doing it." "Brother's dead, sister-in-law's dead, his lord's dead… what else is there for him to do?" "Point taken." "Are they giving you hell for killing Voldemort?" George asked, gesturing at the other cells. "Seeing as I'm no better than them to the rest of the world, they've given up. Do you realize I've thought up ten different ways of killing Dumbledore?" George glanced at him, then down at the board. Harry knew George was winning but didn't mind. Playing chess should remind him of Ron but it didn't. Maybe it was because it was a Muggle set and it couldn't talk back at him. "Only ten ways?" "You're not… scared?" "You want revenge, Harry. Two months and not a word. It's like he's forgotten you. Hell, everyone's trying to forget the war. Mum hasn't said Fred's name. It's like she's denying he ever existed." "Well, he did exist," Harry said. "I'm insane, but I'm pretty sure I didn't hallucinate your brother standing by your side all those years." "Yeah… I'm going