Chapter 1: Coming Home I didn't want to be back here. La Push. My home. The noises, the smell, it should all be a good thing. There is so much history here, so much that's happened... But when I look at my house, the Rabbit, all I see are memories. Memories I can't forget—can't erase for a girl who chose a bloodsucker over me. I miss being on four legs. Being back on two just feels wrong. But I had to. I had to come back. The wedding went fine. Ha…Yeah right. At least I got to see her one more time- alive before that good for nothing— She looked amazing. Everything I could ever imagine and more. She's the most beautiful girl on the planet and she simply can't see it. We danced, even with her two left feet, and it felt great…until she said the bit about the honeymoon. I shouldn't have let it get to me because hey it has nothing to do with me anymore right? But I still can't help it. I love her. How could he be so careless so selfish and want to take advantage of her that way? Makes me sick to my stomach. And angry , so freaking angry because she's going to let him. She's going to let him take advantage of her and then turn her into…the most wonderful girl I've ever met into a –a—a–… Probably best Embry and Quil got me out of there. I couldn't take much more. Dad was glad to see me. I knew by the weariness in those dark eyes my not being here kept him awake most nights. Luckily it looks like Sue came to his rescue. I owe her for that. Part of me hopes in some way he could understand why I needed to go. Maybe he does, maybe he doesn't but I know that I'm bound to get the "she's moved on" and "why do you still have hope" from not just him but everyone. God I don't want to be here but the pack needs me. The minute that leech breaks the treaty we'll be ready. Until then I just need to figure out how to deal. God I hate waiting. My room is basically the same but all I want to do is tear the posters down. I feel trapped. I need to get out. Just a breather. I'm not going to go for good just walk—yeah a walk. That oughta clear my head right? Why do I even bother lying to myself. It's going to keep hurting. It won't stop. Forever is a long time to hurt but at least I can hate him and hopefully end him. Maybe after he breaks the treaty and I kill him she'll finally come to her senses. A guy can hope. As I stepped outside into the darkness, I sighed. The moon shined bright as I walked towards the woods. I started running but right as I decided to phase I saw a speck of blonde hair near the trees. Crap. It's that girl from earlier. When Dad, Sue, and I got home I had seen her from not far off. She looked at us but then went down the lane. I didn't really think anything of it then but why is she here now? Is it too much to ask for a little alone time? Maybe if I get her out of here I can finally have some…I slowly moved forward when I heard the rabbit rustle the leaves in front of her. Her entire body tensed from her fingers to her spine. I could see the goose-bumps on her skin. When my foot crunched a leaf she swung around, aiming to clobber me. I caught her fist before I met her eyes. That's when the world ended…or began. I can't be sure. She gasped in surprise the moment I did. I can't even believe it. I barely have words to describe it but my anger disappeared entirely. Bella, the wedding everything evaporated in that instant as I looked at the short, blonde-haired and blue eyed girl in front of me. Instinctively, I felt as if I had to move closer and be closer to her. And protect her, from everything. Not only that, I know I run a hot temperature but holy crap I'm on fire! What the hell is this! "You know it's impolite to sneak up on strangers, especially in the middle of the night" the girl quipped. I couldn't stop looking at her. How is this possible? It's like I saw everything in front of my eyes for the first time. I saw her smile, her laugh and I felt happy . To top that off, in my gut I knew beyond all reason that I had to make her the same, happy. Oh no. I know what just happened. I imprinted. Me. With her. Right now. Rarity in this tribe? Please! When she spoke I snapped back to reality. "So is attacking them," I managed to reply, nonchalantly even with my insides cooking. Who is this girl? I've never seen her before… "How was I supposed to know?" she said, holding up her hands, "I was simply defending myself. You could've been anyone or anything. No way to tell if you were friend or foe." I snorted as I replied sarcastically "Yes because the crime rate on the rez' is oh so high." She rolled her eyes at me, looking straight at me without concern, "Well excuse me, I've only been here a few weeks. I thought…" She's new here? No wonder this hasn't happened. I only just got back but then who is she? She can't be an outsider…can she? Crap I have no idea what she thinks of me, this town… "What?" I asked. "I thought you were a wolf," she replied, sighing and shaking her head. You've got to be kidding me. I swallowed. Does she know? How can she know? I only just found out…but now she will….she's my imprint. Oh god. I've imprinted. This can't be happening. I stared hard at her as she continued, "I heard howling the other night and knew they were out here and thought one might be about to attack me." Oh thank god. I mentally released a sigh of relief. Wait… so her plan of attack was to hit it? Is this girl insane? Does no one run anymore? I raised an eyebrow, "And your plan was to punch it?" "Not the best plan I admit," she replied, offering a shrug of her shoulders, "But it's better than getting mauled. Besides even though you're a person, I've never met you so how am I to know you won't hurt me? Defending myself is natural. If you didn't want to risk a fist to your face, you could've warned me before just appearing out of thin air." Oh so she wants to blame it on me? "Well technically you snuck up on me. This is my land," I answered, gesturing behind me. "I don't know," she said as she turned back to me, "I can't see anything so what's to say you're just trying to blame this all on me?" Pointing off in the distance, I said, "See that dark shape that's in the shape of a house? That's mine." She stood there letting in sink in before giving me the cutest little half-smile—STOP. This is crazy. Don't let it get to you Jake. "You're right," she apologized with a sigh, "That's your house. I'm sorry for trespassing on your land. I'm still figuring out my surroundings and I guess I didn't pay attention to where I was walking." Guilt. Great now I feel guilty for pointing out a fact? Well I didn't mean to make her feel stupid. But that's not what I was doing was it? "It is dark out," I offered. "Exactly so maybe cut me some slack. I'm the new girl in town," She smiled before pausing a second to ask, "Now you know why I'm out here but why are you? Do you normally patrol your land for trespassers at night?" Hey when did I need interrogating? "Actually," I said, "You just sort of wandered out here and I don't know why." Sighing she said, "Couldn't fall sleep so I went out for a stroll. You?" "I need to have an excuse on my land?" "No not really," she shrugged, "I just figured it's only fair." I stared at her. I can't help it. She's just so… fascinating . But at the same time I just want to forget all about her. But as soon as I even think of that I feel a little bit sadder. Oh this just keeps getting better and better by the minute. Pausing, I realized there is no reason to be a jerk to her and I shouldn't be. I don't want her to be sad. That thought is a little gut-wrenching as it is. She wants a reason? Here it is. I sighed and answered, "Not tired either." She sighed, looking up at the stars. The way the moon lit up her face made my insides burn hotter. She's perfect. But so is Bella. Bella. Just keep thinking of her and this won't seem so insane. You didn't imprint. You're just super tired and had a long day and probably just need some sleep, you know, that thing you haven't really gotten in weeks... The girl turned to face me suddenly and asked hesitantly, "So am I bothering you? Do you want me to get off your land this very second?" YES! Right? NO. Damn. I want to be alone but I want her next to me. This is madness, freaking madness. She should go and in my head I know she should go but everything else is telling me to keep her here. God I want to scream, run, leave and never come back. Why is this happening? Why now? Is this because of Bella? Is this some kind of punishment? But it can't be…no because just looking at her makes me feel—STOP. Don't think about it don't do anything. But I have to say something…maybe I could just leave it up to her… It's about her happiness right? That's what all this is, me making her happy. God I hope she's happy away from me. I glanced down at her and glanced away as I answered, "Doesn't really matter to me. Do what you want." She didn't move. The girl didn't move. We just stood there in silence. I felt her look at me and not at the stars. I tried to keep my face as aloof as possible. God I just want to be alone but I want her here too. It just happened and already it's driving me insane. I balled my hands into fists, squeezing as hard as possible. Maybe if my hands lose feeling so can I? She continued to stare at me. Now it's just getting weirder by the second. I turned towards her and she darted her eyes away. Raising an eyebrow I said, "What?" "Sorry," she apologized, sheepishly pushing her hair behind my ears, "I just can't get over how tall you are and how short I am compared to you. What are you, seven feet?" Trying to make her feel more at ease I offered with a slight smile, "Starting to regret trying to punch me now?" "Not in the slightest," she answered with a grin, "I could take you." I snorted to that comment and looked away. This girl is…different. Different in a good way. She's totally at ease with me and me with her and we only just met. At least I have an excuse. What's hers? We stood in silence for a few moments before I heard her say, "Nice night tonight. I love it when the moon looks like that and the stars shine bright. It's the