Disclaimer: Some of the characters and places are very loosely based on those created by Tolkien. The Smegging of the Shire Beginning Once upon a time, a hobbit was enjoying some nice cool beer and his 'pipe weed' in the pub. Actually, that's what hobbits do every day, so the opening statement isn't very good. In fact, it's a bit crap. Maybe what I should have said was: 'Once upon a time, a hobbit didn't just go to the pub and light up, he did something else too.' Perhaps. The hobbit I am speaking of was one Belthagorus Took (known by his friends as 'Belchy'), and the pub he was in was the Green Dragon Inn. Or, 'Ye Olde Greene Dragone Inne' as it was now called. His friends were talking about this and that: their day at work, who they though would win the annual pie eating competition ("Ol' Fatty Bolger's son, Lardo, is shaping up nicely this year," one hobbit remarked. "No!" another cried. "He'll be vomiting out of his ears by the time young master Gamgee's finished with him!"), and who had the biggest carrot. ("I've got a massive one!" they all said. There's no double entendre there. They were talking about carrots. That's all.) Ted Sandyman talked crap as usual. Then, inevitably, conversation turned on to the good old days, and how the Shire wasn't anywhere near as lovely now as it was then. Belthagorus sighed. It is an ironic twist of fate that although the hobbits had managed to fight off Sharkey (This matter is so sensitive that the cartoon Sharkey and George is still banned in the Shire) and their oppressors some fifty-odd years previously upon the return of Frodo and his companions, the hobbits fell slaves to one thing they did not expect: tourism. Once the films were released, everyone wanted a piece of Middle Earth… especially the Shire. And so the hobbits were soon inundated with 'big people' who brought along with them litter, overcrowding, and an incredible lack of privacy. (Actually, that was the least of their problems. Some of the more fanatical of the tourists brought with them the high-paying demand for hobbit sex, and the underground hobbit prostitution racket was born.) However, they also brought with them one valuable commodity: lots and lots of money. Soon, the entire Shire had been changed to such a degree that it could make an older hobbit cry, whilst reminiscing over the good old days. Everything either stayed as 'traditional' as possible, or became modernized in order to suit the tourists who would come all year round. And so it came to pass, that in the fifty-fourth year of the fourth age, Middle-Earth's first ever McDonald's was built. In the Shire. And they had to cut down part of the Old Forest to do so. But earlier that day, Middle Earth sank to a new low: it was announced that a Butlin's would be built in the Grey Havens. 'Ye Olde Greene Dragone Inne' was one of the pubs that attempted to remain as staunchly traditional, authentic and 'quaint' as possible. Anyway, it's better than The Prancing Pony, which became apart of the Q's chain, and served 'onion rings of power' as a side dish. Young Belthagorus didn't remember the 'good old days' that all the older hobbits complained about, but he had had enough of working in the factory mill, making action figures of his father's cousin, Pippin. And the others. He had had enough! And that news about Butlin's was too far. Was nothing sacred? It was bad enough that the Grey Havens were permanently swamped by fangirls hoping to get another glimpse of Frodo. He got off his stool, and walked out of the pub to the bemusement of his friends. However, as he opened the door, he walked into a Big Person. Belthagorus looked up at the man he had walked into. Wait a minute… the grey beard… the cloak… the staff… Could it be? Could Gandalf have really returned to sort out their mess? "Hello!" the man said. "I'm Gary the Grey: Gandalf's half brother's cousin, thrice removed on his mother's brother's sister's chicken's side. Pleased to meet you!" That probably wouldn't make much sense to you, but Belthagorus was a hobbit, and he understood complicated family relations. "I'm Belthagorus, Belthagorus Took," he said. "Though my friends call me Belchy. I would be honoured if you would have some ale with my friends and me." Belthagorus looked back over to the table where he had been sitting with his friends and saw that they looked less than pleased at this suggestion. Despite spending most of their working day with the Big People, hobbits were hobbits, and preferred to keep themselves to themselves. Racists. By the end of the evening, Belchy and Gary had not just two breakfasts, elevenses, luncheon, afternoon tea, dinner and supper, but four extra suppers. (they stopped off at the new portable kebab wagon. "This takes like warg meat!" Gary spluttered. The kebab man looked shifty, and somewhat relieved when they left.) Sitting on the hillside smoking their pipe weed, Belthagorus considered having a sixth supper. Or maybe that should be an early first breakfast. "I'm bored!" he complained. "I don't want to live my life working in the factory mill! This isn't how the Shire should be! I wish things could go back to how they used to be! I wish I could have an adventure!" "Gollum Gummy?" Gary held out an open bag of jelly sweets to Belchy, who took a handful. "You know, this whole tourism thing only started once the Dark Lord arose in the south. " The Dark Lord? " Belthagorus gasped. "Sauron's… back? " "No, it's not Sauron." "You mean… Darth Vader? " "No!" "Not Voldemort! " " No , Belchy! This is another Dark Lord. A new one. I shall not utter his name in this place, for his spies are everywhere, but he's the one who's responsible for this… smegging of the Shire! He brought tourism to Middle Earth. He's the one who's ruined our lives by making people work either in production lines or tourist jobs!" "Are you saying that if we can defeat him… Middle Earth will go back to how it used to be?" Belthagorus asked. " Defeat him? I wasn't suggesting…" Gary began, "umm… Yeah, I guess that's what I was saying!" "Excellent! I'll go and pack, and we can leave tomorrow!" "What?" Gary cried, looking alarmed. "I can't mate, I've got work!" "Do you want to be a slave to your job all your life? You're a wizard, aren't you?" (Here it was Gary's turn to look shifty) "I'm a hobbit. It's meant to be you persuading me to have an adventure!" Gary thought hard, and made up his mind. Gary the Grey grimly gripped his staff as he stared down his enemy. "You cannot pass!" He held his staff aloft, his face fierce, and eyes gleaming with fire. "YOU… SHALL NOT… PASS!" He brought the staff down on the cold stone as hard as he could. To his satisfaction, cracks appeared beneath the foul beast's feet. "But mister," a small boy said, "you're the lollypop man. You've got to let us past so that we can get to school!" Gary's lollypop 'Stop' sign sagged in his hand. "Oh yeah, sorry. I got carried away." "GARY!" A stern woman shouted at him across the road. "GET IN MY OFFICE RIGHT NOW! " Gary stood in the headmaster's office, feeling as foolish as he did when he was a little boy. "Gary, I hired you just three weeks ago, and in that time, I've had one thousand, two hundred and thirty-nine complaints about you." Headmaster Parryblossom growled. "Your job is simple. You let the traffic go past, then you stop them with your lollypop 'stop' sign-" "It's a staff." "It's a bloody florescent yellow lollypop, you idiot! You stop the traffic, and then you let the children cross the road to school. But what do you do? You stop both traffic and children and shout at them as if they were a dragon!" "Balrog, actually." "I don't care! I should have fired you when you chased that little girl down the street calling her an orc, but your chances are up. You're fired." Gary paused, and asked "Can I keep the staff?" Headmaster Parryblossom threw a pot plant at him which exploded on his head. "I'll take that as a no, shall I?" He said. Middle With Gary jobless, Belchy discontent, and the Butlins construction underway, the pair decided to travel the land and gain aid to defeat the Dark Lord. It was something to do. They traveled first to the town of Bree, where they sampled some of the new local produce for the tourists – Bree brie. Now it was Belthagorus' turn to spit out food. "This tastes like curdled rat's milk!" he complained. The cheesemonger was the one who looked shifty now. "Makes sense, I suppose," Gary said reasonably. "No cows round here." He took a large bite. "I think it's rather nice." After spending the night in the Q's Prancing Pony, and finding no one arsed to come and help them, they went on their way. (You may be interested to know that Nob, one of the hobbit servants at the Prancing Pony, became something of a celebrity for a short while. After becoming popular by winning Middle Earth's first Celebrity Big Brother, he became a porn star. However, there's only so many jokes you can make about his name (well, ok… there's only one joke, but it served him well for a time), and his fame diminished. So now you know.) "It makes sense, having a small cast," Gary mused. "Easier on the Author. Means he doesn't have to bother with developing lots of characters. Anyway, let's head on to Rivendell." "Why?" asked Belchy. "What's in Rivendell? All the elves have left and gone west." "Oh, not all the elves." Gary laughed. "Come on, I'll show you." As they left the pub, a dark and obviously sinister figure watched them go. He had spied on them whilst they were in Bree, and had much to tell his master… THE DARK LORD! As the pair walked (passing Troll's Knoll, where Bibo's stone trolls were, which too had become a popular tourist attraction, and a haven for sculptors, artists and pretentious gits), Belthagorus asked Gary a question he had been wondering ever since they first met. "Gary… why does your wizard's staff have a 'stop' sign on the top of it? It looks like a lollypop!" Gary blushed. "It's to let orcs know that I'm coming, to give them the chance to run away before me." A short pause. "Anyway, it's not 'Stop', it's Elven runes, saying 'I am Gary the Grey… powerful wizard and terrifying warrior.' Yeah. That's what it says." "Err… right." Belchy didn't have the heart to tell his friend that he looked a prat carrying it around. "Anyway, how far to Rivendell?" "Conveniently, it's just down the next valley." Belthagorus looked and saw it. The Elven architecture, the last homely house, the beautiful trees… all dwarfed and ruined by the theme park built on top of it. " That's Rivendell?" Belchy cried. "Yep," said Gary. "Thorin's Hammer is a good ride, and the ghost train staffed by the spirits from the Path of the Dead is fun, too." " Gary! We came all this way just to go on a roller coaster?" "No, don't worry Belchy! We came here to meet a couple of people who might be able to help us. Follow me." High in his tower of Barad Ass, the Dark Lord listened to the news of Belthagorus and Gary. They were coming to defeat him… He who had power over all Middle Earth? He laughed at the thought. He would send out the Nine… and they would crush them until there wasn't anything