When Diana was little her mother used to tell her all sorts of adventurous stories. Nights were lost in those worlds of magic, of adventure, of princesses and dragons. But there was one story that in Diana's mind, stood out from all the rest. It was a story about a little chick and its mother, it was of sadness and of pain but also one of valiant boys and sweet-tasting freedom. And so the story goes like this: There once was a little chick, and its name was Angel. She lived with her mother in a nest filled with the most lovely and soft feathers. For Angel, it was the most beautiful place in the world, a place where she was loved and cared for. One day Angel's mother left her so that she could hunt for food, and Angel watched as her mother spread her beautiful wings and flew off into the sky. Angel knew that she wanted to be like that one day, to be able to fly and feel the wind through her wings. To laugh and smile as that warm strange light drifted across her beak. And with that, she waited for her mother to come back from her trip; but a day passed and her mother didn't return; then another day. The next day, a boy was walking around his backyard when a noise suddenly appeared out of nowhere. The boy went to investigate the noise, it was familiar but at the same time it was very different. And when he came to the base of a big tree in his backyard he found Angel on one of the branches. To the boy she was small, bald and her chirps were tired and croaky. The boy waited to see if the Angel's mother would come back. But when it reached the afternoon, the boy realised that Angel's mother wouldn't be coming back, that Angel's mother had left for the 'Great Beyond'. And so, the boy took Angel in. The boy nursed Angel back to health. Slowly and eventually Angel grew, and she grew into a beautiful blue bird with the most magnificent wings. Finally, when Angel was all grown up; the boy placed Angel next to the tree where he had found her. And Angel flew away into the sky, into the beautiful bright sunlight. Her mother told her that sometimes bad things happen to us in life, but in the end it'll all work out fine. As a child she did believe in that. That no matter what happened to her, everything was going to be all right in the end. But now, Diana knew just how much crap that story was full of. Life wasn't fair, there wasn't any magical entity living out there to shield us. Her mother lied, she wasn't the bird, the bird never existed. It was just a wishful delusion people lived by, because the truth was too painful to experience. People couldn't handle it. But she was living the truth. And it hurt, it hurt so much. She was crying, she never cried but lately she'd been doing a lot of that. The dark clouds seemed to be crying with her, its bodies pregnant with those drops of tears. Around her the wind groaned with worry, its bite travelling through her dark coat. Her eyes were glued to the wooden coffin in front of her. With all those shapes of black surrounding around him. Would he have liked this? A heavy ping hit her chest. He was really gone, that had always seemed like an impossibility. He was always so confident, so strong, so loving, the glue for everyone around him. She couldn't help the small smile that graced her face; god knows what he would have said. "Cheer up Di, death couldn't possibly hold me." She could imagine him standing next to her, with that infuriating grin on his face. She'll never get to see that grin again, to tell him how much she loved it when he grinned like that. She laughed, god, if that happened she would never have heard the end of it. That was just like him. Whenever she yelled at him, he would just stand there with a small grin on his face. And when she asked him what on earth he was smiling about he would say just one word. "Nothing." She could feel his breath on her ears. It was like he was back, but at the same time he wasn't, it was all so confusing. "You can't be grinning over nothing!" She would yell back, at that point she felt like tearing her hair out. How could someone be so happy at being yelled at? "Yes I can," his grin would get even bigger. That was the worst part, his smiling confused her so much that sometimes she would forget what she was yelling at him about. Don't get her wrong, she wasn't one of those girls that went instantly mushy over a guy smiling. But Percy's grin just confused her, what was there to be happy about? And when she asked her sister about it Hestia would just send her a smirk. "What are you guys hiding from me!" "It was just something that we talked about a few years ago." Hestia would then take a sip of her coffee and move onto other subjects like the weather. "Hey." She turned, and there he was, looking at her with so much concern, "It's alright to cry Di. It shows you're human." Diana shook her head, "You piss me off so much." She sniffed and wiped away her tears, even talking to imaginary Percy was hard. Percy's expression turned sad, "You know that I didn't want to leave you. But that's life. People are born and people die. I am just a-" "Stop it!" Percy's brow furrowed in confusion, her voice ringing through his ears. "Stop what?" She exploded, "Stop being like this!" Those emotions she'd caged up, it rushed forward like an avalanche of pain, causing a numbing sensation in her fingers. "Stop being so cynical and negative about everything! I-I can't do this. Please, stop." She wept with her hand covering her face. It was hard enough hearing it from herself, but when Percy said it, everything got so much more painful. She felt Percy's arms wrap around her, it was warm, nice, comforting, and it was probably the last hug he'll ever give out. And as she melted into the hug, her mind recalled back to the last time they were in this situation, back when the world had colour and life. It was daytime, an annoying stream of sunlight hitting her face; she raised her arm to her eyes, stupid sun. She rolled around with a groan and saw a mop of black hair, her eyes travelled down until it had reached a pair of bright blue eyes. She loved those eyes- though she'll never say that out loud. It reminded her of the sea, so tranquil and so beautiful. It carried so much warmth and looking at it made her feel safe, loved. Now that person was lying there on the bed with a massive grin on his face. "Good morning". She stared, had he been watching her sleep? "What, do I have something on my face?" She was smiling too now, stupid grin was infectious! A hand brushed her auburn coloured hair back. "Nothing, just that I'm so lucky to have you," his thumb was rubbing circles around her cheeks. "Just don't change, not for anyone," he whispered lovingly. She frowned, he was crying. She wiped the tears away and pulled him into a hug. "Hey what's wrong, you're not usually like this," she whispered smoothly into his ear. His face was buried on the side of neck, slowly dampening her shirt. She didn't mind, he needed her right now. "I'm scared Diana, what if-," he choked out, muffled by her shirt. She tensed, he was slowing dying- leukemia was running through his veins. He tilted his head up, blue met green. "I don't want to lose you… I don't want to leave you," he croaked. She sighed; they haven't reached this point yet- discussing what they would do if he died. She mentally berated herself, 'He isn't going to die, we'll survive this'. She placed a kiss to his forehead and grasped his shoulders. A fierce look appeared in her eyes, "You're not going to die on me Ok? We'll get through this, we'll go to that specialist and you are going to get better," she breathed. A chill hit her heart, there was a part of her that didn't believe in that and it made her so angry, didn't she love him enough? For his part he just froze, a thousand thoughts running his head. He licked his lips and his throat went dry, looking across to the person next to him, drinking in every detail. Her curled auburn coloured hair running down to her elbow, her face was lightly tanned and had the cutest nose- though she would always deny it with a huff 'It's not cute its beautiful'. But the most startling thing about her was the green eyes which somehow conveyed a thousand different emotions. He loved how it lit up when she laughed; it reminded him of the forest or when she got angry transforming into swirling whirlpools in which he could get lost in forever. Right now they were staring at him in concern. "You're right, we'll get through this," he smiled, the angst evaporated. He paused, "How come you always know what to say"? She bopped his head, "Idiot I'm your wife, it's my job to know what to say". He scowled and rubbed his head, "Why are you always so aggressive Diana? No wonder your parents wished me luck," he muttered. She narrowed her eyes, "I'm sorry, I didn't hear that," a deadly tone entered her voice, promising excruciating pain. He flinched, "Uhh, I said I loved you a lot," he pleaded and closed his eyes. Please don't kill me. Instead of pain he felt something soft press against his lips; he opened his eyes and saw that she was kissing him, her hands grasping his face. Well this is much better. He kissed her back, drinking in everything about her. Her scent reminded him back to the flowers in his parent's garden, of lilies and lavender, his hands ended up playing with the curls of her hair on the middle of her back. Eventually they broke apart for air, resting their foreheads together. "What was that for?" "Simple, you gave the right answer," she breathed, trying to get air back. She sat up, and turned to him, "Coffee"? He nodded, "Yeah that would be great thanks". He watched her go and let out a sigh as he rubbed his face. He didn't deserve her; she was too good for him. He glanced up into the ceiling and a heavy weight landed on his chest. Where was God? Where is he when it hurts? He was tired, so tired but he put on a brave face because Di needed him and because he loved her. He didn't want to go; he didn't want to leave her alone so he would fight the void, for her. He would do anything for her; follow her to the ends of the earth and beyond. He will follow her into the dark. The door opened and a woman wearing a sliver parka and jeans walked in. A nurse was standing next to the bed; she saw her enter the room and sent her a sad smile, then left. As if saying, I'll leave you two alone to talk. Outside snow was falling softly, covering the trees and ground in white. The figure on the bed was staring at the window across the room, staring as the snow fell to the ground. As she approached the figure on the