I'll like to thank Engineer4Ever for his advice on the characters. I'll also like to thank Bonesboy15 for his encouragement in letting me 'borrow' his Seer. Finally I'll like to thank Catastrophic Finale for letting me do this. The threat of Gaia had finally passed and peace had been restored to the world. The gods learned from their mistake of closing Olympus and had decreed that Olympus would no longer be closed off to demigods, allowing them to visit their godly parents'. Olympus was thriving, nymphs, demigods and minor gods crowded the streets. Immortals were reminded of the ancient days of Athens, where peace and prosperity roamed. However like all things there is a problem with peace, a problem that has plagued the world since the beginning of time, its antithesis- boredom. "I'm soooo bored," Apollo whined. He was currently lounging on his throne in the council room, his face was resting on his right fist and his legs were sprawled over the edge of his throne. What can he do? His chariot was on autopilot- not like he actually wants to do work, Hermes was busy with his deliveries and Artemis was busy with her hunters. His head rose as an idea struck him, he can go visit that mortal woman, what was her name? Linda- no, Jasmi- no… His face fell as he realised that he cannot recall that woman's name, actually he can't remember anything about her! A sudden flash of light startled him out of his musing; he jumped up onto his throne and let out a high-pitch yelp as a hooded figure approached him from a portal of blue light. Apollo quickly looked around and let out a sigh of relief as he realised no-one else was here. He sat down and cleared his throat. A serious gaze on his face as he turned to the hooded figure, "That never happened". The hooded figure had a smirk on his face, "Right of course. Never happened," he nodded sagely. Satisfied, Apollo sank back into his throne but then tensed back up as he realised, 'How the Hades did he get in here'. Reading his mind the figure spoke up, "Peace, Apollo," he put his hands up as a gesture of surrender. "I will explain everything soon." He snapped his fingers and a bright light appeared in front of him. All fourteen Olympians appeared on their thrones in a blinding light. They were all in a bit of a daze at first but quickly recovered when they saw the hooded figure in front of them. Zeus spoke first," Who are you, what is your business here?" His master bolt appeared in his hand. The figure waved his hand and the master bolt reappeared in his hands. He studied the bolt with a critical eye. "Hmm not bad, it can probably do some damage," he muttered. Zeus's face turned red with rage," Some damage? This is the most powerful weapon in existence," he screamed. The figure looked at him strangely, then cleared his throat," My name is the Seer. I have the ability to see the different strands time." He started to pace around the room, "I'm able to see alternate universes, days that could have been, should have been and might have been," he finished wistfully. Zeus opened his mouth to say something but the Seer snapped his fingers and the master bolt reappeared back in Zeus's hands. The Seer gestured to Zeus, "An example of my power," he paused and stopped pacing. He turned to Athena who had raised her hand to speak. "I am not bound by the Ancient Laws because I predate them Athena. That is why I can take Zeus's bolt. Now, the reason why I have brought you all here is to read a story that I think will interest you". Poseidon spoke up," What is this story about"? The Seer smiled," Your son Poseidon." Seeing Poseidon's confused expression he explained further," Not the Percy Jackson you know in this universe but another one whose life turned out to be entirely different. The Seer's smile faltered for a moment," He was cursed by the Fates to have a different life, a harder life. But along the way he met different types of people and those experiences changed him. He was blessed with so many things later in life and-." The Seer shook his head, he was getting off-track. A book with a blue cover appeared and flew to Poseidon's hand. The Olympians looked at the book, it had letters on the front that no-one could decipher, even Athena didn't know. "Since this is your son you may read first Poseidon," the Seer said. After a moment's silence he dipped his head and said," Well I'm off. Have fun reading," and disappeared in a blue flash. Poseidon opened the book and saw that it was a graphic novel," There are some pictures in this book," he muttered to the others. Apollo beamed," I love graphic novels," he put on a haughty expression and sniffed. "My son Stan Lee was one of the best at writing graphic novels". Athena spoke up, "Your son didn't write graphic novels Apollo, he drewcomics," putting emphasis on drew. Apollo shook his head furiously," Nah, comic writers should be treated as proper literary writers". Athena rolled her eyes and waved the comment off, "As if comic artists have the same talent as proper literary writers". A shouting match ensured between the two of them, arguing whether comic artists have the same legitimacy as literary writers. Artemis was telling her twin to be quiet, Ares was egging the pair on while the others just sat and watched. Zeus couldn't take any more of this bickering so he yelled, "Enough! We are here to read this book not bicker with each other. We can save that for the Winter Solstice because that what all the other fanfiction authors say we do". "Wait what authors." Hermes asked, sending a confused gaze to Zeus. Zeus had an equally befuddled expression," I don't know why I said that," he admitted. "We need start reading so can we please have silence," Hestia interrupted in a stern tone, the Hearth flames grew hotter and bigger as she said it. Seeing that everybody had nodded, albeit a bit too silently, she smiled and turned to Poseidon. "Please start brother". Poseidon nodded and began to read: Chapter 1: Vengeance "Good, some fighting in this chapter," said Ares approvingly, he started to rub his hands together and an excited grin appeared on his face. The vivid darkness of the evening passed gradually through the woods of Central Park in New York City. The low soft rustling sound of the leaves could be heard in the eloquent silence that partially surrounded the forest. Artemis gave a small smile. That was why she loved the forest, because it was so peaceful. Going deeper in the woods was a clearing where an odd looking puppy, more like a Chihuahua stood leisurely along with some huge dogs that seemed to be accompanying it. Poseidon paused in his reading, "If this is what I think it is then this probably won't be good. "Why won't it be good Poseidon?" Hestia questioned. "It's nothing." He dismissed, remembering back to Percy's first quest on the Golden Gate Bridge. Some were licking their paws, cleaning their freshly bloodstained claws as sharp as a knife. Unknown to the hounds' keen senses, a figure was hiding up a tree, watching the mutts intensely. "It's Batman," Hermes yelled out. "I'm Batman," Apollo boomed in a deep voice. They gave each other a high-five, "Nice one bro," they chorused. Clouds obstructed the beautiful moon until a gentle wind swept it away. The moon in the sky shone brightly illuminating the place beneath it, specifically the trees. It revealed a twelve year old girl with auburn hair tied in a ponytail that reached her back. "Boo. It's just Arty," Apollo sighed sadly to Hermes, who nodded in agreement. Artemis's eyes flashed dangerously as she sent a glare to her twin and growled," Don't call me that". Apollo put his hands up as an act of surrender, "Ok-ok you don't have to be do grumpy about it". She was wearing a silver hunting tunic that complimented her silver eyes well. Armed with her symbol of power: a silver bow, she studied her preys critically. "Why would you need to study your prey? I would have just got in there and killed them all." Ares scoffed. "That's because unlike you Ares, Artemis actually has a brain," Hephaestus sighed, the others chuckled at his comment. "You'll probably need some ice for that burn Ares," Hermes quipped. Ares just flipped them all the finger. Artemis, maiden goddess of the hunt and moon was out for a solitary hunting. Not just an ordinary hunting but hunting that sought revenge. Artemis frowned, why would she need to hunt something for revenge? Several hours ago, she was on the throne room of Mt. Olympus for an emergency meeting when Echidna, Mother of Monsters disguised as a young maiden and appeared in the camp of her hunt. The younger hunters welcomed Echidna with enthusiasm. Artemis's eyes widened as she began to realise the reason why she was hunting for revenge. She closed her eyes and buried her face in her hands, she knew what was coming next. Sadly, only the older hunters knew about Echidna's curse and the mother of monsters easily passed them and unleashed several of her children right in the heart of the camp. Zoë and Phoebe, two of her oldest hunters recognized the terrible Echidna but it was too late. Hestia bowed her head in silence; she too was a protector of maidens, for them to be killed in such a cruel and barbaric way… The hunters immediately sent a prayer to their mistress and they bravely fought Echidna's children but the hunt was caught off guard especially if the Chimera was one of the monsters mauling them to death. Everyone was now looking pityingly at Artemis, whose eyes were red and puffed up as she struggled not to cry. She felt the death of each one of her hunters; they were her sisters, her comrades-in-arms and most importantly, her friends. She felt a hand on her shoulder; she turned to face Hades, who was looking at her with kindness. "Niece, I promise you that all of them would have gone to Elysium," Hades whispered. Zeus didn't really know what to say, this happened in a different universe but even so he couldn't stand to see his baby girl look so upset. He cleared his throat and said," Artemis, daughter I am sorry for your loss," a sincere tone entered his voice. Artemis nodded her head and looked at them, "Thank you Father," she turned her head to Hades and said. "Thank you too Uncle". When Artemis arrived to help, Echidna and her children had escaped already leaving mourning maidens for their sisters' deaths. Seething with anger, Artemis silently promised that she would avenge their deaths. Fear that she would lose more of her hunters: she came out with a firm decision. Apollo looked at his sister worryingly, despite the constant bickering he had with her he still loved his sister very much. He really hoped that the Artemis in this story wouldn't do anything too rash. Without the knowledge of her hunt, she left and tracked the monsters alone. Vengeance is mine, Artemis thought. "I hope she kills those bastards for what they did," Ares said. When he saw everyone looking at him strangely he said, "What? Tricking twelve year old girls into letting their guards down and then stabbing them while they aren't looking is the pussy way". Artemis traced their trails and it led her into an unusual part of the forest. There was a strange feeling that her godly senses told her something wasn't right but she continued deeper in the woods.