IM BACKKKKKKK. SO SO sorry for such a long wait. I've been literally trying to post this story for TWO months with no success. Big shout out to the fanfic people - who HAVEN'T answered any of my emails requesting help. Anyways, first chapter of the new story is below :) I had a lot of requests for a story involving Quil and Claire. And, I thought about it, but it has been done so many times and I've read great ones myself, I just didn't see how I could put my own spin on it. So, this story involves Sam and Emily's daughter, Lilly, and a certain wolf (you must read to find out ;) ) and their imprinting. While it's not necessarily about Quil and Claire, it is a similar situation. So, I really hope you guys like it. Thank you so much for your kind words on MYOD and for your patience with the slow updates. I'm going to do my best to update as often as possible. The second chapter of this story is still kind of in the works and I wasn't rushing to finish it since I couldn't get this one to upload lol. Please leave me a review! They are much appreciated! Much love! A streak of lightning cut across the alarmingly grey sky, illuminating it, along with everything else close by, for a long moment. It looked like it might split the entire sky right into two, sharp and vibrant in the air, but within the next second, it was gone. A clash of thunder followed in its wake. I watched out the muddled glass, nose nearly pressed up against the window as I tried to see past the raindrops that were assaulting the house. Everything outside looked like one big blur; the trees that made up the forest on the edge of the backyard seemed to be mushed together with the sudden increase in moisture in the air. It was only early evening, but the darkening sky was deceiving and made it look well past dusk. Another drum of thunder shook the walls of our two-storey house, rattling an old picture frame that hung above the kitchen sink. I flinched away from the large window in surprise, nearly falling out of my chair in my haste. One of my notebooks slid off the edge of the kitchen table next to me, fluttering to the hardwood floor softly. I sighed. "Lilly, honey," a gentle voice firmly broke through my traveling mind. "Away from the window, please." I jumped once more, turning to see my mother stationed at the edge of the table, her hands resting on her hips as she watched me. There was flour in the shape of handprints on her yellow apron and her long, curly black hair was tied back into a hasty bun at the nape of her neck. This was her signature look for when she was working in the kitchen, which was often. I'd never admit it, but I'd been so distracted that I hadn't even noticed her in the room. Though, judging by the two containers of freshly baked muffins cooling on the countertop, I'd been oblivious to her presence for quite some time. My eyes found the clock above the stove and my frown deepened. Had I really been sitting here, staring into oblivion for nearly an hour? I tried to pretend that she hadn't been speaking to me like I was a toddler, because I knew she was worried, too. So, I slid my chair back, its legs screeching horrendously on the floor as I moved a good distance away from the window. It was far enough to appease my mother, that not so far that I couldn't still see the backyard if I really stretched in my seat. "I'm sure they'll be back soon enough," she said. I hoped that her words weren't meant to be reassuring, because all my ears heard was the undeniable concern that coated her soft voice. I sighed once more. It wasn't fair—my mother had far more practice in dealing with these kinds of situations than I did. Sure, I'd been in the know for a little while now, but I was really just beginning to understand the finer details. With that being said, I couldn't help being on edge, knowing anything could happen in the blink of an eye, whether I liked it or not. "If you were working on that homework like you told me you would, I'm sure the time would have passed much more quickly," Mom murmured with a slight smile in her voice. She hadn't turned around from the counter, where she'd begun seasoning the chicken she was making for dinner. I glanced down at the blank notebook before me. It was a typical Thursday night—or, at least, it had been, up until an hour ago. And, while I did have an essay due in my art history class tomorrow morning, I just couldn't seem to concentrate. This sudden situation had since taken all of my attention. I didn't really know how anyone expected me to focus, considering they were still out there , risking their lives for everyone's safety. A stupid, thousand-word essay seemed completely pointless to me, when I couldn't even guarantee that all my family members were to return safely to us tonight. You see, my family just happened to have what I considered to be the most special secret there was. It truly put other family secrets to shame. Not only was it severely unique, a once in a lifetime kind of situation, but it was also highly unusual. I didn't have many words to describe it to its full extent—not that I was allowed to tell anyone that wasn't already involved, anyway. It wasn't like anyone would believe me even if I tried to. I mean, what exactly do you call a bunch of overgrown teenagers who erupt into giant wolves at the mercy of their uncontrollable, and sometimes, lethal tempers? This was my point. The pack—as everyone called them—had become an essential part of the Quileute tribe long ago. For as long as anyone could remember, certain descendants from the tribe transformed into building-sized wolves in order to protect not just the people of La Push, but people of other surrounding areas too, from their natural enemies. Vampires . As kids, we'd all heard the legends of the tribe. But, it was honestly safe to say that no one ever expected them to be anything but scary stories our parents had told us to keep us out of trouble and away from the woods. That was, until we were forced into the supernatural world they were based upon. Most of the time, participation wasn't a matter of choice, either. My own parents had been forced into explaining all this to me when I'd been very young—probably a lot younger than they'd originally planned when it came to letting me in on the secret. From what I'd been told, while it had been a difficult decision on their part, it had also been too difficult for them to continue to keep me in the dark with so many members of the pack constantly coming and going out of our home all the time. Our house was considered to be "pack central". I could vaguely remember how terrified I had felt, certain that because I knew everything, a vampire was sure to jump through my bedroom window at night and eat me for dinner. Now, the fear of vampires was very much still in tact, but for an entirely different reason. I didn't doubt the abilities of the pack to keep my family and me safe for a second. No, the most frightening thing of all was that it would only take one bloodthirsty, crazed immortal thing to potentially tear my family right out from underneath me. I shook my head, bringing myself back to the present. Balancing my pencil between my fingers, I attempted to do as my mother had asked. Still, as I stared down at the stark white paper before me, my mind quickly ran elsewhere and soon, I was seeing images of bright, crimson coloured eyes outlined in my notebook. Bringing my fingers to my forehead, I scrubbed at my skin, willing the images to disappear. I willed time to go faster. Like I had said before, it had been just an average Thursday night up until a little while ago. I'd been attempted to tackle this essay while the house had been full of pack members, when they'd been called out to deal with three nomad vampires. Since that very moment, my brain had completely stopped functioning. I knew that I wouldn't be able to concentrate through the tense atmosphere now radiating through my home until they had all returned safe and sound. Glancing around the room briefly, I tried to remember the last time it had been so quiet around here. Perhaps, it was the eerie silence that filled our regularly loud home that was making it so much more difficult to cope. Vampire sightings had been few and far between for several years now; I wasn't used to this kind of thing happening. The silence was making me uneasy—sending a crippling bout of nausea flip-flopping around in the pit of my stomach. I clenched my teeth, trying to fight the urge to lose my lunch all over the kitchen floor. Once more, my eyes found the window next to me. I was desperate to see even one familiar figure break through the trees at the edge of our backyard. I wanted to feel that relief of knowing that they were all safe. I just wanted them home. A gentle, calloused hand pulled my pencil from my clenched fist. I looked up in surprise to see my father's concerned brown eyes staring down at me. Dad had been the alpha of the pack for a very long time. It was a title and a job I swore had been handmade with him in mind. He had been the first of his generation to phase, making him the ideal candidate to lead the pack. I may have been a little biased, but despite a few bumps in the road—of which I didn't know many details on—he'd been a successful leader. Sometimes, he displayed this stern exterior, which seemed to really only come out when he was dealing with the pack or other tribal matters. Otherwise, he was a big softly that would do anything for the people he cared about. He was the one person I knew I could always go to for advice. I respected him a great deal. He had long since retired from the pack—like the majority of his generation—but he was still very active in terms of decision making and other things that I honestly didn't really know anything about. Since he'd been an alpha for a long time, he held a very important position on the tribe council, acting somewhat of a buffer between the pack and their families, as well as the rest of La Push. Meeting his gaze now, I could see the strength in his eyes. There wasn't much that fazed my father. My mother always told me that he found it hard to sit on the sidelines and if that was how he was feeling now, he hid his emotions very well. I knew he believed in the pack's ability just as much as I did. His 'lax body language seemed to stabilize my crazed emotions just a little. "How's it going?" he asked gently. His eyes may have been on my blank homework page, but I knew that wasn't the only thing he was referring to. I chewed on my bottom lip with the edge of my teeth, eyes falling to the table. "Um. Not so good." I knew this kind of situation, had it been normal , would have given me a