Hi everyone! :D Well, here we go! The first revised chapter of the revival of I Solemnly Swear ! I hope that you guys all enjoy it. It's really not too much different from the original version, but hey, I figure that reposting each chapter one by one will build up an audience again. Btw, still going strong on the writing. As it turns out I don't have a job anymore for the time being so until I do, I have plenty of time to devote. So, since I've already written tons of stuff in the announcement and I don't want to bore you any longer, on with the show. Love ya! ~SXS WARNING AND DISCLAIMER: This story will be somewhat AU, and will include the following: slash, heavily involved OC, character death, and some tweaking of canon events and order to fit with AU elements. If any or all of this bothers you, then please turn back now. Also, I don't own Harry Potter or any of its recognizable characters, places, things, etc. All of those things belong to J.K. Rowling and I am simply a fan writing a story. I do own the OC Anjanette Harker and I don't mind if for some reason you feel like you want to use her for something (actually I'd be super honored XD), but please do let me know first as I'd like to give my permission. Thanks ;) The sun seeped in through the curtains that morning, gently waking him with its warm embrace. A yawn, a rub of his eyes, and he sat up in bed. Glancing about his room, he happened to look upon the calendar. That was when he realized the date. 1st September 1971. And he promptly hid under the covers. Most in his position would be excited. In fact, there were probably a few hundred eleven-year-olds across the country scrambling to pack their things and heading out to King's Cross station. Anyone who knew that this particular boy had in fact been dreading this day for weeks would have thought him mental. However, Remus John Lupin had perfectly legitimate reasons for being afraid. Maybe, he thought, if he pretended that he was still sleeping, they would miss the train and he wouldn't have to go. He'd have to return all the supplies he bought but he didn't care. They needed the money, and it would be worth it not to have to find a way to survive school in his condition. Because werewolves weren't usually allowed at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Unfortunately for Remus, after five minutes of pretending to sleep in, a knock sounded at his bedroom door. "Remus. It's time to get up, love. Come down to the kitchen and have some breakfast before we go." His mother, Frida Lupin, tried the knob and found it locked. "Remus?" Remus refused to answer, opting instead to make a fake snoring sound. There was a pause of silence, then suddenly his mother said, " Alohomora. " His door unlocked and Remus cursed himself for not knowing a more effective way of locking it against magic. Frida came to the side of his bed and yanked the blankets from his head. "I know you're awake, Remus. I invented the fake snore, so I know when it's being used against me." Caught, he reluctantly rolled over so that he was facing upwards. His mother must have seen the distress on his face and smiled warmly down at him. "What's the matter, darling?" "You know what," he said softly. He looked over to his bedside table where the small clock ticked away. Perhaps he could stall this way instead. "Oh, Remus…" Frida stroked back her son's tawny hair. "I know you're worried of what people would think, but no one's going to find out. Dumbledore has everything ready to make sure that you're safe and hidden during your transformations. All you have to do is make a few excuses." "It isn't just that!" Remus sat up suddenly. "Look at me! People are going to think I'm a freak just because I'm covered in scars. And the Ravenclaws will probably be able to figure me out right away, if they pay any attention at all." "Ravenclaws are smart, dear, but they're not going to worry about anyone in another House," Frida pointed out. "You don't know that I'll be in a different House," he argued. "And you don't know that you'll be in Ravenclaw," she retorted. This much was true, though Remus could almost guarantee that he would be in the house of blue and bronze. Both of his parents were Sorted there and he'd always had an avid love of books and learning. It seemed the only logical choice...if the Sorting Hat only focused on his human side. They both said nothing for a minute, then Frida took Remus into her arms. "No one's going to want to be my friend," her son sniffled into her shirt. "Rubbish. If there's anyone who doesn't want to be your friend, it better be because you hexed them until they turned purple. Any other reason and they're not worth being friends with anyway." She kissed the top of his head and he sniffled slightly. "And if somehow you wind up unhappy, you just send an owl and we'll be there right away to get you and you never have to go back." "Do you swear?" he asked, looking up into his mother's loving face. She pushed him back by the shoulders and put out one of her pinkies. Remus lifted one of his own and they curled around each other. "I solemnly swear," Frida said with a smile and Remus couldn't help but mirror it. His mother was probably right. If he was lucky, he could get into Hufflepuff and they'd never know the difference. If he got into Ravenclaw after all, that meant that he was of enough wit to outsmart them. Gryffindors he wasn't sure about. The one place he was really afraid of going was Slytherin. He felt that this might be a strong possibility for him because he was a dark creature, but he didn't feel like he had the spirit of a Slytherin and knew he would be ostracized by the others if that became his House. But these were things to worry about when he actually got to the school. First he had to survive the train ride. It would be the first time that he was exposed to other children his age and above. He hadn't ever gone to Muggle school because he'd had to take so many days off that they wouldn't let him advance. Frida and her husband John, being the intelligent Ravenclaws they were, had given him their own version of school that not only covered the basics of the Muggle subjects that he would have learned, but also basics of magic, allowing him to occasionally use one of their wands. They had thought that perhaps they would have to teach him his entire life being that he was a werewolf, and it was against the law for them to be taught in wizarding schools. However, Dumbledore had found ways to work around his lycanthropy and allowed him to be enrolled just like everyone else. From the moment Remus opened his letter up until now he'd had a mixture of fear and anticipation in his stomach. He was excited to experience being a real wizard but at the same time he worried about rejection from his peers. But now, he had pushed the latter to the side and put on a brave face. He had his mother's reassurances and the promise of a way out if he needed it, and either way things would work out. Somehow. "Alright. I'm ready." "That's my boy. Now come, get dressed. The train leaves at ten, so we'll Floo over to the station at a quarter to." Remus nodded but then frowned, feeling like there was something of about his mother's statement. "Mum. Doesn't the train leave at nine?" "What? No, I could have sworn that it was ten. Let me check. Accio letter !" With a wave of her wand, a piece of parchment flew into Frida's hands and she skimmed it. "Blah blah, you may catch the train at…oh dear." Remus didn't like the sound of that. "What time is it?" "Um…8:45." "WHAT?" Jumping out of bed, Remus scrambled to get some clothes on. "Mum, how did this happen?" "I don't know! You know your father is better with numbers! Just hurry up and get dressed, I'll make you some toast." She flew out of the room and Remus heard her tumbling down the stairs in her frantic state. "John. John, get up!" There was some mumbling as his parents started to talk and scramble to get ready to leave. Meanwhile, Remus had pulled on an old pair of jeans, a t-shirt, and a hoodie. He flung open his trunk that his father had passed onto him and checked to make sure that everything was there that he needed. Robes, books, cauldron, potions ingredients, all present as they had been when he bought and packed them the month before. He closed it and proceeded to drag it towards the door but the heavy contents held him back. "Dad! I could use some help!" John Lupin appeared at the bottom of the stairs and when he saw his son struggling, he swished and flicked his wand, causing the large object to float. He guided it down to the first floor as Remus followed hurriedly behind. The family convened in the living room and Frida stuffed a piece of toast into his mouth before going to the fireplace. "Just watch how I Floo and then you do the same, ok?" Frida grabbed some Floo Powder from the bowl by the fireplace and threw it in. The flames turned green and she stepped inside without hesitation. "Platform nine and three quarters," she said firmly and disappeared. "See you there, son." John, taking the trunk with him, followed the same process as his wife and was gone. Remus was left alone in the house as the flames returned to their normal color. He looked around one last time. This was the only place he really ever knew. Though sometimes he got to accompany his parents on day trips and running errands, he had never stayed away anywhere. It was frightening to think that at the end of the day he wouldn't be returning home to his own bed. It was almost enough for him to change his mind again and run back upstairs. "No. I have to be brave. I have to do this." With determination, he stepped towards the fireplace. .:~I~S~S~:. He was up and ready to go to school at six o'clock for the first, and what would probably be the only, time in his life. He sat up in his room pacing around waiting for the clock to spin its hands three more times. By then, he would be heading for what he heard to be the best and happiest place on Earth. However, unlike most children his age, it wasn't the prospect of meeting new people, the impenetrable fortress of a castle, or even the infinite amounts of magic to be learned that had him so excited. Sirius Orion Black was most interested in getting to Hogwarts as soon as possible to escape his family. All his life, Sirius was the black sheep, which was ironic considering his last name and his family's status as users of Dark Magic. While his parents, cousins, and most of the rest of his relatives were sinister and cruel, he strived to be the exact opposite. Not that he was a goody-goody, though; Merlin, he'd die! He could be better described as inappropriate and cocky with a much more light-hearted attitude. That was enough for any Black to wish for his disowning. He did have