-Percy- I vaguely remember my reaction to the life-changing news. All it deemed to me now was a huge blur of emotions. The first clear thing I remember about it is the blood pounding in my ears as my mom, Sally Jackson, opened the envelope that contained the contents of my future. She beamed. Her smile stretched so far across her face that I immediately knew that the letter that she held in her hands contained good, no — fantastic news. I would start my junior year at Goode High, home of the mighty... Pegasus-es? Pegasi? Whatever, I didn't care about the correct plural of Pegasus, what I really couldn't wrap my head around was that I would attend, and play for the school with one of the most athletically skilled football teams in the entire northeast region. No pressure or anything. "Percy! Are you packed yet?" I heard my stepfather, Paul, calling from the living room, and I could hear that he opened the door and was quickly growing impatient with me. We had lived in the same apartment together for the last few years as my mom struggled to find a new job after the candy shop that she had used to work for ran out of business, and Paul had kept his same teaching job at the high school for a decade. But now, all the opportunities in the world just seemed to open for me and my family. Or, my family and I... I don't really care how that grammatically works either if I'm being honest. Anyways, my mom had gotten a job at a museum as a tour guide, spouting out information about the Greek gods, and yada yada... Boring stuff like that for the most part, and she almost always made me want to snooze when she tried to tell me about her job in detail. As for Paul, Goode had reached out to him to be one of the new teachers. He'd be teaching juniors like me, instead of the freshmen he taught at my old school. I knew it'd be a welcome change for him, he couldn't stand the immaturity of ninth graders. But, however excited I remained about starting football there, the idea of moving did leave nervous butterflies in my stomach. I'd lived in Manhattan for my entire life and now I was moving to the suburbs outside of New York for high school. I'd leave everything about my old life behind, which wasn't necessarily a bad thing. In Manhattan, I actually didn't have the nicest memories. My first girlfriend, and the only girl I've ever loved, Calypso Atlas, crushed my heart into a million pieces there. She didn't do it intentionally, the Calypso I cared for and loved would never hurt a fly. During freshman year, her father got a job and they moved, and she left me behind. I could still hear her words as she broke it off with me. "Perce, you know I don't want to leave you, I love you." Tears streamed down her face as she spoke, her voice wavering. "But this job is very important to my dad, he always acts like it's his job to hold up the sky for everyone." She chuckled dryly. Her dad was quite the businessman, and by then he had been asked to take over as the boss of the company. He certainly did act like the fate of the world laid on his shoulders, but he didn't take it kindly. He snapped at people, ordered them around, and often made them do his job for him. He was one of those kinds of guys you wish would never have taken power. I never told her this though. I knew that even if Calypso didn't completely love her dad, she definitely respected him. I had personally always believed that you loved first, and respected later. If you didn't love someone, why would you want to hang around them when you could be with someone you did love? Like how Calypso did love her sister, Zoë. They were twins, but they were so vastly different . For one, Calypso's hair is one of the first things I grew to love about her. She didn't wake up at dawn to fix it, it didn't cascade perfectly. It flowed down to her waist in messy waves, sometimes pulled to the side in a braid, and often pulled back with a headband. I don't know if someone could describe hair as free-willed, but that's certainly how I thought of it. It shined a caramel-blond, but would appear more golden when I looked at it in the sunlight. No one would ever catch Zoë Atlas' hair as anything but on point and styled to perfection. Her dark mahogany brown hair could be pin straight, curled in big or small ringlets, done in eccentric braids, or even a combination of the three. Never ever could it be described as "messy." I once pulled a strand of hair from her stylish up do, and she had glowered at me until I would apologize a million times for upsetting her. She had always made me a little nervous, and I always felt like she hated me. She didn't like guys though in general, she preferred to stay in a pack of girls. She always put so much effort into how she looked however, that most people thought it was a front, and she just played hard-to-get. But I knew, had a gut feeling, that Zoë looked like this to feel good about herself only. And while Calypso wore little to no makeup at all, Zoë wore a full face. She never caked it on though, she just did it so professionally that you'd hardly notice she wore any if not for the golden eyeshadow she dawned on a daily basis. It made her eyes stand out more, eyes that she shared with Calypso. They were perhaps the one feature they had in common. Large, almond shaped brown eyes, with little flecks of golden in them. Absolutely beautiful. Zoë always put her best face forward, thinking it would get her farther in life if she didn't make relationships and form real bonds with people. Everything about Calypso was natural, everything about Zoë was not. But the two shared a bond like no other. If Calypso was feeling down, Zoë always knew before me, and if Zoë was feeling insecure about herself or her appearance, Calypso would leave me with a quick peck on the cheek before checking on her sister. It made me feel as though I was missing something, not having a sibling of my own. My mom and dad weren't married when they had me. They were twenty, still pretty young, and they'd only been dating for a few months, but my parents truly loved each other. He had been ready to move in, marry, and start a family with my mom, but his job interfered. He was the captain of a cruise ship and he loved it. He loved the ocean and everything about it. His worst fear though, was flying in an airplane. He avoided it his whole life after getting in one when he was younger, and having a bad experience with it. His brother, Zeus, had never let him get over it, instead using his fear against him and making him terrified of anything to do with flying in the air. Maybe in some ways, I was lucky to be an only child. Besides, my dad was the type of guy who would take the long route, so if he needed to go somewhere, he'd do it by boat. So he died when what he loved the most and what he feared the most collided in the worst possible way. A smaller plane only meant for one person (I don't know what you call the type of plane, I'm not a fan of flying in them either, they're unreliable as shit) had broken down. The pilot lost control of his supposed badass flying machine that he'd been makes intricate loops in moments before and crashed, causing massive waves to flood the decks of my dad's ship. My mom and I never saw him again. I had been about three at the time, and I idolized my father. I knew that I looked like him and I wanted to be just like him in all aspects. But I didn't get the chance to really know him because he was taken away from me so suddenly. For a long time, my mom had been in denial. They hadn't found my dad's body yet, so at the funeral, when people would condolence her for her loss, she would reply, "He's not dead." Like it was the thing she was the most sure of in the world. "Not dead, just lost at sea." After a few years, my mom finally decided to move on. She started dating a guy named Gabe, who treated mistreated her as well as me, but she got engaged to him anyway. I hadn't realized why she'd want to marry a monster like that, but then I thought about it. My mom had been so lonely. I'd started school and she'd spend her days in between jobs, and since she believed she'd never love anyone like she had loved my dad, she settled for a vile human being to be her partner for the rest of her life. It took her finally seeing Gabe hit me to break things off with him. She threw pans at him and screamed at the top of her lungs, until one of the neighbors must have called the cops. The police took one look at my mom with a frying pan in her hands, glowering at Gabe venomously, and took a glance at me with a hand shaped mark on my cheek, and dragged Gabe away. Fortunately, we were the happiest we'd ever been when we knew that we'd never see that shoddy example of a "father figure" ever again. My mom had even thrown the ring he gave her out the window, and it hit him square in the temple. Basically, my mom was the most amazing person on the entire planet. And she definitely deserved the happiness that would be headed her way soon after. When I was about twelve, she met a middle school teacher named Paul. I liked him immediately. He was easygoing, kind, generous, and considerate. He treated my mom the way Gabe should have treated her and the way my father treated her. Like she was a queen among women. For the longest time, I had expected I would have to be forced to wear a ridiculous looking tux so I could be the ring bearer for their wedding, but my mom surprised me with another role. She asked me to give her away at the alter. She was an orphan and an only child, so she didn't have anyone else, but I remember feeling so taken aback and honored at the same time. I cried at their wedding, they had the most beautiful ceremony I had ever seen and I couldn't stop thinking about how thankful I felt that she had found someone who deserved her finally. I loved Paul, he was my step-father, yet he was the perfect father for me. I loved my family more than anything and all of these breathtaking moments happened in Manhattan. And now I would be leaving. I just really wanted my new home to be just as amazing and meaningful. I finished packing my suitcase and ran out the door, catching Paul off guard as I moved past him. "Glad to see you finished." I winked at him in response and got in the backseat. Normally, I would've tried to sit shotgun before my mom would force me to move, but I was quickly growing nervous so I was content in staying in the back and out of the