Hey there readers, This is a story I've been thinking about for a while but it's taken some time to actually out up because I wanted to make sure that I had an actual plot in my head before I offered something up. These first two chapters set up one of the main characters though there's an emotional journey that will go on in this fiction too, hopefully, so there's plenty of change to come. This first chapter was in fact almost double the length but I thought that might be a bit much so it'll now be both chapter 1 and 2. There will, of course, be romance but it may very well be slow building - I don't want this to be on of those fiction where you have to lean back in your wheelie office chair, push it 5 inches from the desk and go " Really? " half way through a chapter. Due to the fact that I think I've covered everything and I'm just rambling now, let's get started! Title: Beyond the End Couple: Legolas/OFC Rating: T Chapter 1.1 - Helm's Deep The journey to Helm's Deep had seemed to drag. The elves of Lórien had passed the time quietly - at first marched in silence but eventually fallen into the telling of age old stories; at moments a thrill had run through them and something akin to excitement would emerge but this would always die down soon enough and then, little over an hour before Helms Deep could been seen on the horizon some young elf had begun to hum a light tune that sounded too much like mourning for anyone to join in. "It is not far now." There was one elleth amongst them. It had been a long while since the elven people had gone to war and while she had patrolled the forest, been ambushed by orc packs, and never had the elleth experienced the hum of anticipation and tension that rose as her kin wandered onwards. She was quiet even for an elf and though as she walked around her others would try and engage her in light conversation, it seemed her small ears could focus only on the light clink her armour made with each step. "Lady Leitwyn, have you seen Helm's Deep before?" The voice to her side asked. She turned slightly to gaze. It was a menial question – no, she had not seen Helm's Deep before, very few among them had. "I have not." She answered lightly. Galdor, a kind elf with, what seemed to her to be, a loud sense of humour walked at her side. She could not ignore him fore he was a good friend – though he walked often too close to her for comfort, he had always tried to lift her heart when her face took on that firm heavy look. She supposed she had been looking quite severe when he had spoken – she could feel the tension of her brows drawn slightly together and her lips pressed together. "Would a little background please you?" The elf offered with a grin. Her eyes widened a little, alight with curiosity. The taller elf laughed at how easily drawn in she had been by her interest. "Yes," She replied as her lips loosened into a smile, "It would." Hadlir watched the elleth from his horse, eyes shadowed by his helmet and mouth pulled into the smallest of frowns. She had been almost impossible to spot in her new armour surrounded by throngs of archers and soldiers, long hair tucked neatly into her helmet and fine limbs weighed with metal. If it hadn't been for the dark bag she carried over one shoulder or the lightness of her voice that was carried so easily by the wind, he would have assumed her to be just another elf. And there was her smile of course, so rare to see but still bright and seeming to consume her features and those around her in temporary happiness. Not for the first time he wished he had sent her home, not allowed her to come in the first place. She was strong, yes, after so many years of training and skilled not only in fighting but in healing also, but then she could still be nowhere near as strong as the Uruk-hai. Leitwyn had insisted though, stared him down with those bright eyes of hers and packed her healing herbs with a huff. She would be forever young in his eyes and far too innocent for war. He had been certain she would be a distraction and in that sense, had been proven right. Just as always, his men were swayed ever so slightly by her sweet face and gentle voice, after so long without the kind presence of females they had seemed to gravitate to towards her even more so now than they had done before hand. Galdor, a stronger elf, armed with a heavy sword, walked besides her now conversing happily and provoking the occasional smile. It was obvious to Hadlir that the poor man had taken in interest in Leitwyn early on in training despite her odd temperament. Hadlir thought the man to be foolish in both his enthusiasm for her presence and for his blatant interest in her. It was no secret that Leitwyn had no interest in flirtation or courtship. She was stern and simple in her reaction to friendship and often, it seemed, oblivious to her charms with her all-consuming focus on training. Hadlir had remembered her as a tiny elfling, heads shorter than him. That had been the only time he'd seen her lavish her affections upon someone male - a young elf, by all means plain looking with an oddly shaped jaw and dull hair whom she had proclaimed to of had the most beautiful smile she had ever seen. He laughed at the memory out loud this time. She had trailed after him for months sighing dreamily and fluttering her eyelashes - the young boy had been so startled and intimidated by her attentions that when she'd finally plucked the courage to make a determined grab for his hand, the child had jumped five foot in the air and run in the opposite direction. For weeks after that she had been inconsolable, sulked childishly in her quarters and questioned Hadlir relentlessly on why she had been rejected so quickly, asked him why she was not pretty enough. He had teased her relentlessly about it in her adulthood, found her amusing in her lack of understanding - she had not seen how her forwardness had scared the small boy - and he doubted that even now, when she stood at only a few centimeters shorter than him, that she fully understood herself. Only three days after her brooding had ended the girl's mother had been struck down by an illness she would not recover from. Leitwyn had changed after that. Hadlir turned his face away from her and continued onwards. He had hoped to protect her since then, gone from a family friend to a mentor and ally. And yet, still she was there, marching onwards towards danger. Hadlir sighed. He should have ended it centuries ago when she'd first appeared uninvited to training, slim with childish determination. But then, after two years of her persistence he and her father had relented. Back then he could never have pictured such darkness rising, such cruelty looming, if he had, she would be safely tucked away far from Helm's Deep and danger. The gates were in sight now. It was a relief to see the simple wood and stone, to be finally able to offer assistance. The lightest of murmuring now rose amongst his kin, an excitement barely detectable to the ordinary ear. Hadlir watched as the gate began to open and his men fell into perfectly straight lines. Despite his relief, an odd foreboding had gripped his heart. Leitwyn let her eyes rest on Hadlir as the others focused on the battle before them. The man had distracted her. He was still on his horse, stiffer than usual with his shoulders so perfectly square. No one else could have noticed but she felt she knew Hadlir, knew when he was shadowed by something. And now looking at him she understood. Despite the light thrill she felt on her surface, her soul was weighed with something undistinguishable and unpleasant. It had hit her 6 hours into their ride and she had wondered if this was what impending war felt like - whether it felt like waiting for something inevitable. Now as they crossed the threshold of Helm's Deep she forced herself to focus - she had come despite Hadlir's discontent and now she could not afford to let him down, let herself down. Helm's Deep was like nothing she had ever seen. Somehow it looked natural and harsh all at the same time. It felt claustrophobic and was so incredibly human that she and her kind seemed to glow against it. She did her best to conceal her wonder as none of the men beside her seemed at all phased by the place as they marched. Hadlir too now seemed far better than before, had dismounted his horse and was smiling at the men who stood to greet them. She tore her attention from the buildings to observe. As Hadlir spoke the dark haired human rushed towards them. He was one she could recognize from the talk of the journey - Aragorn of Arathorn. He was as he had been described, tall and well-built yet and nice to look at for human and yet thick with dirt. Within moments he had reached forward and pulled Hadlir into a hug and Leitwyn could barely hold in her laugh at the look on Hadlir's face -he had never been a particularly spontaneous man. She continued her watching, carefully out of the corner of her eye, and caught his words: "You are most welcome." She could not help but appreciate his voice, strong and certain; it was the voice of a leader. The man was followed by two others - a dwarf and a fellow elf. "Prince Legolas of Greenwood." Galdor murmured from her side, not seeming to move and inch. She almost flushed in embarrassment for not recognizing him immediately. The dwarf looked that an unpleasant sort of man and had more hair on his face than Leitwyn had ever seen. It was the colour of copper and plaited down his chest. Beneath all that hair he frowned unabashedly at them as though they were unwelcome. They waited now for Hadlir's commands and Leitwyn hoped he would give them sooner rather than later. She was eager to check through her pack and find a place to keep some herbs for the time being. She would need to ask too if there were any presence with skill in healing, any women with whom she could plan for the aftermath and coax into trusting her. When he finally turned he met her eyes and relieved them of their stance with only orders of preparation. She stood still as the men moved from around her, only Galdor turning to give her a farewell gaze. Hadlir moved towards her through the crowd, his face stern as she waited for him. "Will you walk with me for a moment, arwenamin ?" Leitwyn struggled to contain her impatience at his words - she was keen to get started and the darkness in his eyes felt as though it wounded her. "Of course." She adjusted her bag on her shoulder and fell into step beside her friend as he walked. They stepped in silence for a few minutes and she watched as Hadlir's eyes flickered as he mauled over words in his head. " Mellon ?" She asked finally, stopping and stepping closer to him. He turned to look at her but was still quiet. "What is it that bothers