First of all guys this was a dare and I'm crazy competitive so I had to. It had to be Catoniss fucking but they didn't give specifics so there you go! Hope you enjoy! " Fuck " "Harder Cato" God she keeps moaning in my ear and if she keeps this going I don't know how much longer I'm gonna hold out for so I start pounding into her while rubbing her clit and her moans just get better. "God Cato!" "Cum for me." I can feel her walls clenching around me and pound fiercely into her until I cum myself and after I do I roll over to my side of her bed and just look at her. There's a small smile playing at the corner of her lips when she opens her eyes and looks at me. "What?" Her face is flushed and she's still breathing heavily and I'm pretty sure I look the same. "Just thinking how great this whole deal is." Let me tell you how all this came to be and how I ended up in bed with Katniss Everdeen. We've known each other since we were kids. We were neighbors and lived literally three feet away from each other and if I climbed out of my window I'd practically be in her bedroom so let's just say that it made things awkward for us in high school. Apparently when we were little we were nearly best friends and spent all the time together mostly playing outside but on other days we'd be in each other's rooms seeing that we only had to climb out, we also each had a key to open the windows in case they were locked. All of that changed when we were eight though so don't expect us to be all buddies with each other now. We started not hanging out with each other so much and started making new friends, well at least I did, Katniss kind of just got another two friends and called it a day. God even when she was a kid she was anti-social . We still saw each other when our mothers would hold a 'family' dinner and we talked and everything was fine, afterwards she would even ask me to come up to her room to do something, and I would agree because you know, it was her. My childhood friend. When I was twelve I started exercising, not because I was pudgy or something, I just wanted to get more muscles so that girls would notice me more and they did. Glimmer was the first of many, she asked me out when I was thirteen, asked me to go to a movie and I accepted. I mean I felt flattered, when the most popular girl in school asks you out is because you're probably doing something right, right? I started getting popular real fast after that and as my popularity and friends went up, my relationship with Katniss went down. I dated Glimmer for two years until we eventually broke up and it was way over do. In those two years I spoke to Katniss six times, all of them nothing but polite conversation in our 'family' dinners. She wouldn't even ask me to come up to her room, as soon as the meal was finished she got out of the table and went upstairs where she would stay until we left. We were fifteen when we would barely look at each other and she was constantly avoiding me, something I later, much later, found out was because of Glimmer. Speaking of which, I ended up dating her again when we were seventeen, she was mostly just a couple of hookups but she turned it into a whole thing because I was officially the most popular guy in the school with all my muscles and handsome features. When I was seventeen was also the time when I decided I'd had enough of Katniss' cold shoulder and crossed the unspoken barrier between our houses and unlocked her window to let myself in to her room, not one of my brightest plans but I just wanted to do something. When I got in was also the time she was getting dressed for some party she and her friends were going to go and I was met with a Katniss clad only in her underwear with a lacy black bra and matching panties bending over to reach for her shoes at the bottom of her bed. An image that stayed fused in my brain as much as I wish it hadn't and stayed with me through a lot of nights with Glimmer or with myself. Someone would have asked by now why she hadn't heard me and I thought the same myself but then I realized she had her earphones on and was blasting loud music through them which also let to my next awful moment, hiding in her closet. I can't say what led me to it, only that I wanted to see more of Katniss Everdeen. In fact I wanted to see all of her but that wouldn't truly happen until a couple of years later. I stayed quietly in her closet watching her through the cracks and trust me there were times when I thought ' What a pervert. She used to be your best friend and now you're spying on her practically naked.' Yet all that went out the window -pun not intended- when she started getting ready still walking around only in her underwear and my dick got hard real fast when I kept imagining her bent over on her bed and me right there with her. Fuck was pretty much the only thing I was thinking at the moment and got this excited feeling at the pit of my stomach when she looked like she was putting on a show for me. As if she knew I was there, but she couldn't right? Even if she did know she would never do something like that, she would mostly just scream at me and punch me in the face. Besides at the time I thought of her as an innocent girl with a halo over her head but who could've known? I certainly couldn't, not at the time at least, that Katniss Everdeen was anything but a saint. After the little show she went into the bathroom and I took my moment to flee out the window coming back to the safety of my house where I was alone and was able to relieve myself although with a couple of mumbled moans of Katniss on my lips. I hated myself for it for awhile but eventually I got over it and just decided to live in this new world where the only thing I wanted was my former best friend and neighbor beneath me writhing in pleasure yet knowing it was never going to happen I satisfied myself with girls like Glimmer that were willing to be just one-night stands. The last time I talked to her before a month ago was the next day after our graduation and she was loading boxes into her car. I helped and tried to make polite conversation until I thought it was good to ask where she was going. " I'm moving. I already got a job offering and I have an apartment waiting for me so I'm moving out of here." " Where?" " Right now New York but you never know, I might get bored." " That's cool." " Yeah. Do you plan on doing anything?" " I'm going to work for a year on the mechanic down the street, you know the brothers, one of them went to school with us." " Yeah I know, tell them I said hi. Actually just tell Billy, I have a complicated history with Tommy." " Complicated history?" " Yeah, don't bother. By the way thank you for helping me load these." " Sure no problem. You stay safe over there okay?" " Sure thing Cato, you know you don't have to worry about me." Next thing I know she pulls me into a hug, not an unwelcomed one but a shocker. As soon as I squeeze her back she lets me go, probably knowing what was going through my filthy mind at the moment about her body pressing against mine and- Snap out of it! That was the last I saw of her for about five years. When my family and I went over for dinner in the year and a half after she moved out her mother told us that she had moved out of New York and went to Boston, Massachusetts . Three and a half years later I have my own business in Boston. I'm a MMA fighter and also own the entire space and a couple of bars and clubs from around town. I get a lot of money from them but I wouldn't even have half of this if I hadn't met the right people. People who helped make this a business and for myself an outlet. I make a lot of money from this and I'm glad to say that everything I have I paid for it myself. My apartment, my car and never had to ask anyone for money. Marvel is now one of my most trusted friends and also my employee, more like co-owner of the club, I handle most of the things but it's reassuring that if I ever need anything he'll be right there managing everything. That brings me to a month ago, I am now twenty-three years old and just moved in to my brand new apartment that is just a couple blocks down the road from where I work and Marvel decided that I need to celebrate and to go to one of our bars and 'scout some tail' as he put it seeing as I've been grumpy because of lack of sex and I couldn't agree more. As much as I hate it I'm on a dry spell because I've been so busy running things and I need to get laid as soon as possible. " C'mon man, you've gotta get laid you've been a prick for a month." " What are you going to get me laid?" " Ew, no. You do it yourself and I'll get me laid but I'll scout the place for you. What do you like?" I'm about to answer him but he cuts my answer. " Wait no, don't even say it. You have a thing for blonds." " Brunettes actually." " What? You dated Glimmer all those years!" " So? That wasn't dating that was hooking up." " Whatever let's just go in and I'll see if I can find you a brunette." When we get in and immediately I can see Marvel looking around for a brunette that I can get with so that he can go find his own date for the night. " Cato look" He points over at a brunette that's drinking at the bar alone then turns to me gives me a big smile and disappears. Whatever, might as well try to talk to her, you never know. I go over there and order myself a drink and when I look at her face for a second I couldn't believe my luck. Katniss Everdeen is right there by my side. I touch her arm and she looks as if she's about to break it but looks up and sees me. I can see recognition flashing in her eyes and take my chance to smile. " Katniss hi." " Cato. What are you doing around these parts?" " I own the place." " Oh." " Do you think you could come with me somewhere more private so that we can talk? The idea of having to shout to talk isn't very appealing." " I don't know-" " C'mon, what am I gonna do? We're childhood friends and I happen