Author's Notes: This is jily set in the universe of the cartoon series "Miraculous: Tales of Ladybug & Cat Noir," only in London and not Paris. You don't need to have seen the show to read this story. If you haven't seen it, though, you should know that Miraculous is kinda super ridiculous. I wrote this fic with the same attitude that I have when watching the show: poke fun at the campy villainry and superpowers, and savor the impeccable love-square set-up. Four ships for the price of one! Hot damn. Acknowledgements: A million and a half thank-yous to Karaline, Chloe, and Katie for their tireless beta work on this. Ayesha helped me talk through a lot of the adaptation structure before I started writing; some of the stuff with Algernon was her idea. Top-of-the-Castle made the cover art manip. Linds is my eternal cheerleader; I won't forget reading you snippets in Central Park. A final shout-out to all my readers who cheered me on and told me how excited they were to read this. Your support means the world to me. chapter one. James jabbed his elbow into Sirius's side. "Ohmygod, act casual ." Sirius, wanker that he was, continued to wave his arm in the air. "Oi, Evans!" James reached up and yanked Sirius's arm down with more force than the task actually required, just so Sirius would glare at him. Sirius liked to look tough and cool in his leather jacket, but James had muscles Sirius couldn't contend with. One of the Yoda buskers taking a smoke break flicked a sidelong look at them, then went back to his cigarette. "I swear," James hissed, "do you even know the meaning of the word casual? There's a Waterstones nearby—let's buy you a dictionary so I can hit you over the head with it." He risked a glance across Trafalgar Square toward Nelson's Column, where Lily was modeling a gauzy yellow sundress, one much too light and airy for April chills. As unfair as the dress was to Lily, the picture would look riveting. Her bright dress and hair would make a beautiful contrast against the melancholy sky. She kept twirling back and forth to make the skirt flare out, while a photographer crouched down to catch the enormous lion statue behind her as the background. She paused mid-flounce to wave at James and Sirius. James plastered on a grin even he could tell came across as awkward, and mussed up his hair with one hand. Then he stopped, tucking his hands into his pockets and pretending he found the Yoda busker terribly interesting. "What," Sirius asked, "are you doing?" "I thought that maybe I should pretend not to see her," he said. "'Cause like, maybe that's cooler. You know." "You brought us ten blocks out of the way to come here, so say hello or let's get chips already." "Hey, d'you know her?" asked some moronic teenage boy next to them. "She is fucking fit as—" "I'm her boyfriend!" James yelped. "Stop talking! Leave her alone!" Sirius grabbed James's arm and dragged him further away from the National Gallery entrance. James ducked his head down as they wound their way through the hordes of tourists. Why had his body grown so tall? Everyone could see him. Lily could see him. And oh, god, Sirius was only bringing them closer to her. Once they'd descended the few stairs to the rest of the Square, Sirius stopped. "You can't keep telling other blokes that you're her boyfriend." "He was objectifying her —" "Actually, you know what, keep telling people that. It'll get into one of the tabloids, and then Evans will find out you've been saying it, and—" " WhathaveIdone—" " So. Are we saying hello, or are you going to be a twat?" Sirius regarded James for a full three seconds, which was generous, before pressing fingers to his temple. "Right. Both are inevitable. Stupid of me." "She is a model . She is brilliant . How could I not be a twat in front of her?" "Maybe I should just start ignoring this," Sirius said to himself. "Maybe that would work." He took hold of James's arm again. "We were on our way to get chips, weren't we?" James's eyes darted over to Lily. "I mean, yes, but she's so—she's so—" He sighed happily. "What was that? I couldn't hear you over my stomach growling. Let's go." "Wait, d'you think I made it worse by playing it too cool? Maybe I should go over there—" James never got to finish his thought, though, because the four gigantic lion statues around Nelson's Column stood up with a simultaneous roar. James groaned. "Now?" "I'm going to get chips," Sirius said, shouting to be heard over the shrieking crowd. "Meet you at yours later." James couldn't reply over the magically-enhanced voice shouting, "I am Ringmaster!" James swiveled back toward the National Gallery. A man stood proudly between two of the museum's columns, wearing an outfit very predictable to his new, villainous title. He'd even acquired a black top hat and a whip. It was ridiculous. Either Voldemort let people choose their own atrocious costumes when he evil-ized them, or he chose the clothes himself and had the most offensive taste known to man. "If these meddling buskers," the man continued, gesturing toward the panicking people in front of him, "want to turn this historic building into a circus, then let's give them a show!" James only half-listened as he scanned the area, trying to find somewhere private. Why did these villains always have to show up in the most public of places? The lions leaped down from their perches and prowled across the plaza toward the National Gallery, growling as people shouted and shoved against each other to get out of their path. The living statutes and Star Wars characters and other buskers couldn't escape, not with the sheer number of tourists surrounding them. The Yoda near James faceplanted after someone stepped on his long robe, tripping him up. James hauled him to his feet before someone could trample him, and shoved him into the crowd. He prepared himself to pull Lily to safety too, but unlike the few gawkers trying to snap pictures, she apparently had the good sense to bolt from danger. Her distinctive red hair had joined the flood of people rushing into the streets in the distance. He dodged through the crowd, making his way to the edge of the plaza, and spotted the perfect place across three lines of stalled-out traffic: a building under construction, with opaque plastic sheeting draped over the front scaffolding. James slid over the hoods of stuck cars and shoved his way through terrified civilians to reach the building. He clambered up the metal frame, slipped under the plastic sheeting, and hoisted himself onto the first level of scaffolding. He opened a flap of his jacket. "Oi, wake up." A cat-like creature the size of his fist floated out of his inside pocket, glaring at James with his bright yellow eyes. "I know it's time for your cat nap," James said, "but the circus has come to town." He held up his right hand, his silver ring gleaming. "Algernon, claws out!" Algernon zipped forward, grumbling, and disappeared into the ring. Power surged out of James's Miraculous and rippled across his body. His black mask magically slid into place around his eyes, replacing his glasses. Two cat ears sprung into existence out of his now even untidier hair. A skin-tight suit rushed over his body in a matter of seconds, starting at his throat and working its way out and down, enveloping him in black. The moment his tail burst out from the back of his belt, James was off, reaching for the extendable silver staff that stuck to his lower back. He leaped off the edge of the scaffolding onto a double-decker bus, landing smoothly, one hand planting on the bus in front of him. Ringmaster was still lording over Trafalgar Square from the Gallery columns, which couldn't bode well for the buskers. But there was no need to worry about what had happened in James's absence. A girl in a red suit with black polka dots was darting around Trafalgar Square, distracting the lions while more people forced their way out of the plaza. She flung her magic yo-yo up to wrap around the statue on top of Nelson's Column, then pulled herself into the air, flying forward on the string, barely dodging the lion's paw swiping at her. Ringmaster cracked his whip. "My plaza will soon be the perfect place of tranquility. And unless you want to become cat food, you've no choice, Ladybug. Give me your Miraculous!" She swung around the column on the string and flung herself back toward the lions, retracting her yo-yo in the process. The lions all pounced on the spot where she'd skidded to a landing, but she'd already hurled her yo-yo to catch on a lamppost, plucking herself out of danger once more. Two of the lions had no time to stop their leaps. Their brass heads clanged into each other. James grinned. He held his staff over the edge of the bus, extended one end out to hit the ground, and pole-vaulted himself into the Square. The strength of his suit launched him three stories into the air, wind rushing past him, his heart thudding with excitement. He shortened his staff and angled his legs where they'd need to be, keeping an eye on his target— Within seconds he landed on the back of a lion running toward Ladybug, the brass ringing out beneath his feet, his arms flinging out to his sides to keep his balance. "My lady," he called. The lion stopped in its tracks and let out a terrific roar, trying to shake James off his back. "About time, Chat Noir," said Ladybug. "Four on one seemed a little unfair." "For the lions, I assume." He hopped with ease onto the back of the lion next to him. Another lion swiped at Ladybug. She back-flipped out of the way, her dark red ponytail whipping around. "I prefer my cat interactions to be one-on-one. It's more…intimate." James laughed. "Arch jump and a barrel roll," he said, and then completed that move off of the lion and onto the plaza. He thrust his staff forward like a sword, telescoping the far end out to knock one of the lions in the head before it could bite Ladybug. He retracted his staff as he rolled under the stomach of a lion to avoid another one. Its claws screeched as they tore down its friend's side. James jumped to his feet again. "What's the story on Ringmaster?" "Think he works for the museum—he's tired of the buskers hanging out in front of the building." She cartwheeled out of the path of another paw. "Apparently they're ruining the aesthetic." "On the list of London's problems, that one's got to be the highest." "I don't know why we're fighting villains when we could be fighting bad taste." "Nah, we'd still have to start with Voldemort." "The costumes?" "My thoughts exactly." She somersaulted underneath a lion as it ran toward James, tripping it up. Then James whacked his staff against its head, fighting the recoil of smashing metal against metal. It only disoriented the animal for a few seconds. James launched into a back handspring to avoid its jaws, the unnatural breath of the lion hot against his face. "As long as we're talking thoughts, got any on the akumatized item?" "It's a little insulting to yourself that you have to ask." He tried to scope out Ringmaster, but an enormous paw was flying at his face. James extended his staff to push himself into the air, leaving the lion's paw to tear at nothing. He hopped on top of another lion for a better view of Ringmaster. It was obvious—he should have noticed the plastic