Prologue: Letters The Letter I'll Never Send Author Unknown I wish I could say How much I care for you But I don't know how So here's what I'll do I'll write you a letter Saying what I've been through Day after day Always thinking of you I don't see you much But when I do it makes me cry So I'll write to you Without a lie I'll say that I love you The first line that I write So you instantly know At your first sight I'll say that I dream I'll say that I fly And without you I'd probably die I'll say that I smile As I write you the note I'll say that I wished I could wear your big coat I'll say that whenever I close my eyes I see you face It never dies I'll say that you're perfect In every possible way That I wish I could hold you Every single day I'll say that I wish You were here with me But it's crazy because I know you can't be Do you think about me Or did you forget The things we had done And the goals we had set But after I read My note once again I realize I'd never send it It's a waste of my pen You'd see it, and read it Then throw it away You don't care anymore To yourself you would say I know you won't understand but I'm lost! I know what I saw and I know what I've been told. What I don't know is what to do! I have to go even though I don't want to! They told me that I did, that it was the only way. I don't know what to say. I don't want to say goodbye. I'm sorry! Bella Dearest Friend, I know that I left with no warning. I find that despite everything, I do feel sorry for that but it wasn't like I was given much warning either. It's taken me a couple of weeks to realize it but I couldn't leave you wondering for the rest of your life what had become of me. You know me well enough to know that I am not that spiteful nor am I a bitter enough person to allow my family to suffer or to allow you to believe that circumstances without your control made me decide to find my own death once more. Sometimes I wish I could be that self-centered but I choose to live and I intend to do so. You forced my heart to pump when it didn't want to. You forced air into my lungs when I thought that I would suffocate. I won't dishonor what you did for me back when you were allowed to love me. I was so stupid back then, so very blind... I was a mess. I didn't know honest, I didn't really understand so much then. I didn't even understand what I had when I did. I sat on that godforsaken plane home from Italy, the knowledge that I was going to cease to live fresh in my head – I knew I would still be alive but not in the human sense, things would never taste, feel or be the same for me ever again – it was what I had wanted, what I thought was the only logical course of action that was left for me in my life. I was wrong, so very wrong. I told you all this before, when I came home but I wanted to make sure that you really understood what I told you then because so much has changed now I guess for both of us. Death wasn't what I had fought for – what you had made me fight for. I struggled and fought, while you pushed and demanded from me every breath that rattled in my lungs, every beat of my heart, every smile, every tear. It was all yours, all mine. In the moment that I knew that I was going to die, everything changed. I grew up, I changed. I was stronger and suddenly I was at peace with myself. Death wasn't something that frightened me anymore but I was finally ready to live. I knew it then, in that moment that I loved you. I don't tell you this to make you feel guilty although part of me wishes you would feel guilty, that way I could know that you still cared. It's okay you know. I know you can't help who you imprint on or even when it happens. At least we had one glorious year together, the way it was meant to be, just me and you. I want you to know that I don't hate you. I don't even really hate Melika. Don't mistake me, I tried to hate you, I really did but I couldn't make the hate stick. The problem is that I know deep down inside a part of me that even I don't know well that neither of you, least of all you, meant to break me back down into little pieces. I think I'm strong enough now to eventually put myself back together. You gave me that and I am so very grateful for it. I ran to Edward that night. I couldn't think of anyone who cared for me more that that moment. The only problem was that when I parted company with Edward and tried to part company with all of the Cullens but they wouldn't have it. It turns out that they still love me like family. So I am not alone, at least not for the moment. Emmett and Rosalie believe it or not, refuse to allow me out into the big bad world by myself. With their help, I'm going to go to collage and then after that, who knows, the world is mine to discover. I need to ask you a favor like Sam and your elders have probably already asked of you. Perhaps because of the way that we parted, I don't deserve my favor to be granted but I will ask because it is what I believe is best for all of us; stop trying to call me. Don't pester Charlie or the other Cullens for news about me. You need to let me go, forget that I ever existed – okay scratch that, I didn't mean that exactly. Let me go, let me be a happy memory, just don't forget me. I'll come back one day, I promise, once I heal, once I learn to smile and laugh again. I promised Charlie when I left. I will probably spend holidays with my father again when I can. Don't worry, I am sure that our paths won't cross again, at least not in this lifetime. Tell my friends or rather those in the Pack who still count me as a friend that I'm sorry. That sometimes memories and emotions are just too much to handle. Let them know that all I need is time and space but that I haven't ceased caring for them. Tell Leah that I respect her courage more then ever now. Maybe I'll travel for a while. Maybe, I'll settle somewhere new after collage. Once the tears stop, I think I'll like the fact that my life is now filled with a thousand maybes. You gave me that gift. Thank you Bella Dearest friend, It has been exactly one year since I left Forks and you and Edward behind. Down on paper that doesn't seem as long as it's sometimes felt. It has felt like a very long time. It wasn't easy at first. I spent a lot of time reflecting on everything that had led to my exodus. I sometimes wonder what you are doing, if you ever think of me. I think I prefer my fantasy to knowing the truth, in my imagination, while you may not love me anymore but you do miss me. After all weren't we best friends once too before we were lovers? I enrolled in collage after a summer making my way around Europe. It was Rose and Emmett's graduation gift to me and their way of trying to push off a depression like the one that Edward left me with. I think your stories may have worried them a little. It half worked. Europe is beautiful! And you don't have to worry, we avoided Italy like the plague. It would take me pages that I don't have time to write to describe to you all the different things that I saw while I traveled so you will find enclosed some pictures of my favorite places that I saw along the way. We started in Spain and while I spent my days mostly alone sight seeing or laying on white sand beaches. My new guardians introduced me to a nightlife the likes of which I have never experienced before. Once I got over the awkwardness that being with one of the most beautiful and graceful beings I've ever seen and took a leaf out of goof-off Emmett's book, I found that I rather enjoyed going out dancing. There's something freeing about letting your hair down and forgetting about decorum. We made our way around Europe that way. I would mostly see the sights alone during the day when my friends would have to hide from the sun and they would take me out at night. I saw Paris with it's wonderful museums, eateries and old elegant cathedrals, Berlin with the reminder of the great wars and the separation of a country, Amsterdam with all of it's flowers and artisan ways, Edinburgh with it's castles and people so proud of where they came from, London and it's monarchs, Madrid, Wein, Budapest, Oslo and even Stockholm that way before the school year started for me. I loved it. At moments I forgot that I was sad, that I missed you. I am going to take a journalism course, history and classic literature as well as anthropology. I don't think it will take me long to declare a major. I do love to study. I want a career that will encourage me to travel. I think always moving helps me to forget about the real world. Is that even okay? For now I don't think I really care, that's what collage is about so I'll run with it. I made two new friends this year. Rosalie doesn't like them much. She can't tell me why, she just says that they give her a bad feeling in her stomach every time she looks at them. The thing is, I'm done with someone else telling me who I can and can't be friends with so for now I'm ignoring her until she can give me a good reason why I shouldn't want to have them in my life. Their names are Mathew and Daniel Wainwright. Brothers actually who decided upon the same collage, something of a family tradition they say. They even took me home with them for Thanksgiving. You would never believe the old mansion that they live in or the grounds around it. It was breathtakingly beautiful. Rosalie and Emmett however didn't seem to like the amount of time that I spent with the Wainwright family and put their foot down, demanding that Christmas was theirs. They surprised me when they rented out a half a hotel and invited everyone that they were allowed to invite to join us there for the holidays. It was nice to see their siblings and my parents. All of the Cullens were there, well not Edward, for now, we aren't really speaking. He says that I'm trying too hard to move on, I think the other problem is that we don't see eye to eye on everything anymore. My parents were there and my step-father Phil. My mom and Phil make an interesting couple, it's proof of opposites attracting. Angela came too