I recently found out why my life has been one weird occurrence after another. My dad isn't really my dad, my brothers and sister are only half related to me and I seem to shock everyone who touches me. This is how I found out who I really am. This is how I saved my father, my family, and the world. My name is Allan O'Riley, and I'm going to decide the fate of the world, but I just don't know it yet. "Allan! Get your ass up bud, you're going to miss your bus if you sleep any longer... And for God's sake, spray some air freshener in here, it stinks!" Comes the voice of your older brother. "Get out of my room... And I've already told you, that's just how I smell, clean or not, I can't change it." I say as I drag myself out of bed so I can get ready for school. My day seems like it's going to be just as uneventful as the last, with the exception of last Tuesday, that day I had an eagle fly up and land on my outstretched arm while I was talking to my friends. Oddly enough, I was talking about how hard it is to train birds, so my friends were pretty freaked out when a wild bird acted like a trained pet around me. I thought I heard the bird say something when it clicked it's beak, but it quickly dipped it's head and took off again. I tried to explain my encounter with the eagle, but I just couldn't say why it acted like it did. "Hurry up slow poke, the bus will be here any moment!" I hear my father call from downstairs. "Coming." I reply. I quickly grab a pair of jeans and a tee shirt from my favorite punk band, as well as my black leather jacket while I put on my socks before quickly jumping into the bathroom in the hall. I take a look in the mirror and see myself staring right back. My jet black hair looked like I just got hit by a hurricane. I take a good look and see that it looks a bit messy, but it doesn't look bad either. A sort of, messy but unique looking. My eyes are as bright and blue as you could possibly imagine, kinda like the sky, only... More electric like. I quickly brush my teeth and turn out the light, but as soon as I flip the switch, the bulb explodes and sends glass across and into the shower. "Mom! The bulb broke again!" I call out. "Again? I guess I'll have to go pick up some more." She calls back. I head down the stairs three at a time, yet my steps were still very light. My father and mother are sitting drinking coffee and watching tv while my siblings finish their breakfast. "Do you want some-" "No time dad, gotta go!" I say as I grab a piece of toast from my older brother's hand and run out the door. I glance up and down the road and see your bus turning the corner a few blocks down. I know I missed the bus, but I'm not about to skip a school trip, even if it is boring, so I adjust the straps on my backpack and take off running. As I run, I feel like the wind shifts direction and pushes against me from behind to speed me up while I chase after the bus. I see the light turn red ahead of me and cars starting to cross the road, so I do what any normal kid would do and keep running straight through the intersection. When I reach the road, the last car is crossing, so I take a running jump and clear the car completely. I didn't even go over the hood or anything, I went straight over the middle between the doors. I stumble a bit as I land but I quickly regain my balance and keep running. I turn a few corners and soon see the bus ahead of me. I quickly catch up as the bus stops at a red light and knock on the door so the driver can open it and let me on. "Missed my stop, sorry." I tell the driver as I climb aboard. I take my seat at the back of the bus next to my friends as the bus starts back up and takes us onwards. "Damn you're fast! You caught up that quick? Must be those new shoes you got." My friend jokes. "Or I'm just fast." I reply. "Or that. So, Toronto, how do you think the trip will go?" He asks. "It had better be good!" My one girl friend says. "I'm just going to take off and shop if it gets boring." "I hope we go to the C.N. Tower, I haven't been there since I was little." My other friend says. I just sit in between my friends as they talk back and forth about what they want to do once we reach Toronto. Me and my best friend are absolutely going to the C.N. Tower and I'm certainly going to do the edge walk around the top of the tower. I can just imagine the view and the feeling of the wind at 1,800 feet in the air. I almost slip into a daydream until the bus quickly stops and my face goes into the seat in front of me. When I sit back up, I hear the driver saying things about a "stupid dog" and how he could have hit it. That's when I look outside and see the dog, and I'm surprised at how the driver didn't hit it. The "dog" was six feet tall and had a face the size of my tv at home. It catches my eye as the bus passes and it starts to growl at me before we turn off the road and on to the highway. I see the "dog" snarl a little more before bounding of down the road and out of sight. "Did you guys see the size of that dog? It was massive!" I say to my friends." "Dude, your vision okay? It was tiny, thin that is. It must have been a stray." "It was taller than I am!" I say back. "Uh... No. It was small bro, it wouldn't even reach up to my waist." He tells me. I became perplexed at what I saw and how my friends didn't see what I think I seen. I tell my friends that I need some fresh air, so I head up the rows of seats to where the open windows are behind the driver. I plunk myself down in an empty seat and put my head back as the breeze from the window blows across my face. The wind seemed to clear my mind and allow me to think properly about what I just saw. The thing I saw was as big as a hummer and about as scary as the monsters in a kid's nightmare. It looked into my eyes and it looked angry, like it wanted to attack me. Whatever it was, I didn't like it. "Hey kid." I hear the driver whisper over his shoulder. "Hmm?" I reply. "You saw that hellhound, right?" He asks. "Uh... The what?" I ask. "The hellhound. That huge black dog I nearly hit a few minutes ago, come to think of it, I probably should have, it would get rid of it for a while." He tells me. "Um, yeah, I guess so. Why was it so big? It looked like a monster." I say. "That's because it is. Now, unless you're just gifted at seeing through The Mist, then you're exactly who I thought you were. I would turn and bow, but I'm kinda driving a bus here." He tells me. "Turn and- what the hell are you talking about? Monsters and mist? Are you high? I don't want a high bus driver." I reply. "No no, I'll explain more once we reach the city, so try and keep your head and voice down. There's a reason why you saw what I saw and the others didn't, but I'll tell you more later." He says. The next hour is spent by me putting the hood on my jacket up and my back against the window before I put my headphones in and listen to some music. Multiple other times during my trip, I glance out the window across from me and see an assortment of odd things. First was the woman in a passing car who had a forked tongue like a snake's, the next was a large figure far off in the passing trees, and lastly, what looked like sea lions in the lake next to the highway, Lake Ontario to be precise. The animals had the bodies of sea lions, but the heads of dogs. They kept staring at me whenever they surfaced, but the driver quickly told me not to look at them. "Damn monsters are all over the place now... Go back to the pit you cretins." He said at one point. "Um... Are we safe?" I ask. "Not in the slightest." He replies. "So... What do we do?" I ask. "Well, with you on this bus, they'll be gathering to attack, so we've got to get away at some point... How is the real question though." He says. "Whoa whoa, wait. They're after me? Why?" I ask. "Give me a bit of time, then I'll explain. Here, take this and send a text to the first contact saying "Toronto bus terminal, emergency transport needed."" He says as he hands a cell phone over his shoulder to me. I do as the driver asks and send the message before handing him back his phone. We soon arrive in the city of Toronto and pull into the terminal just as a black car pulls into the parking lot also. I see a man step out in a black suit, hat, and shades. He just stands at the door with his arms crossed as my bus stops nearby. As the driver opens the door, everyone on the bus stands up and starts to leave. I tell my friends that I'm going to stay in there for a bit, and I tell him to text me later. I see the man from the car start to wave at everyone on the bus as they get off, but what I really notice is what looks like a faint haze coming from the man's hand out over the crowd of students and my teacher. As soon as that haze went over them, the seemed to enter a slightly sleepy sort of state, but they soon left without saying another word. "What just happened?" I ask the driver. "Good old Argus over there just threw some Mist over your classmates to make them forget you even exist. That way, we can get you to camp without having them interfering and asking questions." He tells me. "Wait, now they don't know me? And what camp?" I ask. "Lots of questions, but I'll answer them in the car, now go." He tells me. The man named Argus just looked at me through his shades before opening the back door of the car to allow me in. He gave a bow as I entered, which I found a little strange, but I just went with it. My bus driver quickly got in the front beside Argus and soon enough we're driving off down the road. I soon realized what I've just done. I just got into the back seat of a dark car with two people I really don't know, and now we're driving off towards some camp that I don't even know the location of. "Okay, now answer me, I'm starting to get mad." I say forcefully. "Okay