This fan fiction belongs to Jin Ginkaku , I only translated it! Disclaimer : The characters belong to the amazing J.K Rowling. (except a few though...) Author's Note: I think this fanfic is rather original in the way that I've never seen a story of this type in French fanfics – no I don't look on the English side. Let's say without spoiling but to give you an idea, I'll enlarge the HP world which stays very much centered on the United-Kingdom, and build a wizarding Europe. And also show some aspects that aren't shown in HP. So this fanfic will be a bit (a lot) political and very inspired from our good old muggle world. For some examples, I will create a wizards' drug, a mafia system, a wizards' 'UN', well many things like that… well said like this, one could imagine that Harry will fall into drugs, will become part of the mafia but no don't worry! With that said… enjoy this prologue! Prologue: A rather surprising revelation... The whisper following Harry since now two weeks accompanied him up to the second floor. He walked fast, slightly tense, because of this persistent hiss, and of the convocation that brought him to visit the Headmaster in this holidays' eve. He regularly turned round, persuaded of being followed, and not only by students in search of thrill. No, what was following him was far more dangerous than a simple group of students wanting to insult him. Since Nearly Headless Nick's and Justin Finch-Fletchley's aggressions, a sinister atmosphere hovered over the castle, while everyone accused Harry of being the doer. Even Hermione and Ron didn't talk to him anymore, furious that he didn't tell them for his Parseltongue gift. Gift… or curse, thought Harry bitterly. When did this help him? Of course, talking to snakes was pleasant, but if it was to be seen as a monster, or a dark wizard, he preferred forgetting it, and never cross snakes of his life. He ended up arriving at the bottom of a corridor, in front of a stone gargoyle that seemed alive. Again, Harry surprised himself to bless magic. He would never have enough time in his life to discover everything of this fantastic world. "Password?" asked the gargoyle animating itself more frankly, in a sort of stretch which fascinated the Gryffindor at the point where he'd forgotten the question, until the statue repeats, slightly annoyed. "Hum… Professor Dumbledore called me…" answered the browned-haired boy, taking out the letter he received in the morning. He read quickly the page again, and ended up at the post-scriptum. "Sherbet Lemon?" he tried without great conviction. The gargoyle nodded and stepped aside. Behind it, the wall opened to let him pass. The young Potter climbed the spiral stairs, marveling again to see magic making the stairs spinning themselves. Finally, after one minute ascending, Harry arrived in front an oak door, surmounted by a knocker representing a phoenix. He knocked shyly at the door, but obtained no answer. He repeated his action and ended up entering in the office. The office was a pretty and big circular room. At the back, a huge desk in oak and gold sat, with behind it, an armchair at least as imposing. A staircase leading to access a superior floor from where one could see a really massive library as well as a door that probably lead to the Headmasters' apartments. The walls were covered with previous Headmasters' portraits who stared at Harry with an obvious curiosity. On a shelf was the Sorting Hat, still as patched. The twelve-years-old boy walked in a few steps to observe the small golden instruments aligned on the desk. But something on his right caught his look before he climbed the platform. Standing on a golden roost, he saw a miserable bird, half-plucked, and looking sick. He got closer and wanted to caress it, but when he raised his hand, the bird ignited in a burst of flames. Harry let escape a scream, looking for something to extinguish the bird that kept burning. In an instant, there was nothing left of the bird, except a pile of ashes. Upstairs, the door opened on Dumbledore, who smiled at his student. "Hello Harry, how are you?" he asked as he rapidly went down the stairs, while Harry kept staring at the roost. "Professor… your bird… it caught fire…" stammered the boy, "I couldn't do anything." "Oh, it's been a while since he wasn't well." Smiled Dumbledore, surprising Harry, who turned away from the roost. "You see Harry, Fawkes is a phoenix. And as all phoenixes, at the moment of his death, he ignites, and then reborn from his ashes." The Survivor's gaze laid again on the roost, and he jumped, scared when from the ashes rose a baby bird's crumpled head. On a gesture from his Headmaster, he sat, without leaving the sight of the cackling phoenix. "It's a pity you saw him the day of his combustion." Dumbledore noted. He then frowned his brows and kept talking. "But it's not the reason why I wanted to talk to you. How are you?" The Gryffindor hesitated then confessed while lowering his head to look at his knees. "Well… others don't talk to me since the dueling club…" "I heard about what happened. The Parseltongues, because of certain dark wizards, are rather badly seen by the English, which, between us, is very regrettable. I know of Parseltongues that aren't as bad as I am." Harry widened his eyes when hearing this. Dumbledore saw it and smiled. "I've got many friends outside of England, in countries where mentalities are far different from here…" he sighed and continued. "You should not punish yourself for this gift. Even if you don't know why it was given to you, you should be proud to possess it. It is very rare and even more precious. But let's come back to the main subject… I wonder, for some time already… if I haven't committed too much mistakes regarding you. So I think the best is to explain the situation to you and give you the choice." Harry nodded, intrigued. The Headmaster smiled one last time, and cast a spell on the pictures that became black all of a sudden. "I prefer our conversation remains private, even if I trust our previous Headmasters. Well, I…" he hesitated, searching his words, even forgetting his student's presence: "When I was younger, I was a brilliant student, a bit like Miss Granger. I studied a lot, sacrificing my family for my studies. I never came back for holidays, I preferred staying at the castle to benefit of its library. I took interest in everything, History, Runes, Transfiguration, Spells, Alchemy… my hard work gave me my Prefect's status. The summer of my sixth year, I went home, like every summer. My family and I lived in a village mainly wizard, and it's on this summer where I met Gellert Grindelwald, a young man with an immense power, with an infinite ambition. We became friends, and started to correspond during scholar periods. Our research was fascinating. We had the same interests, this insatiable thirst of knowledge, it was as if we belonged to a whole, as our understanding of the other was…" The Headmaster's voice broke slightly, while his eyes landed on something afar. Harry, in front of him, listened attentively. Deep within, he knew this story was exclusive and not well-known by other wizards and he was proud of the distinction Dumbledore made him. "At the end of my studies, my mother died, and I had to endorse the charge as head of the family. So I had to stop my research and my studies to take care of my brother and my sister, whom I was mad at. While I stayed at our old house, I received from time to time exhilarating letters from my friend Gellert, who, at this moment, travelled everywhere in Europe. Internally, I burned with jealousy and rage that I couldn't accompany him. Years passed, and I resumed my Transfiguration studies, while keeping my role as head of the family. One night, while my brother, my sister and I were at home, Gellert arrived in an impressive state of excitement. He had found elements for our research, and wanted to take me with him. I almost accepted, but my brother got angry, and accused me of abandoning them, him and our sister. Gellert insulted him, saying he was jealous and took his wand out. My brother did likewise, and it ended up degenerating." The Headmaster's blue eyes closed painfully. "My sister has always been magically unstable, and the argument caused within her a sort of attack that killed her. Gellert left, leaving me alone with a furious brother. While sadness and remorse gnawed me, I egoistically thought I wouldn't have to take care of my family anymore. It was true. My brother left the day after the burial, and never talked to me since. I was free. I then applied for a teaching position at Hogwarts, and became a Transfiguration teacher, while continuing my research in parallel. However, I forced myself to seclude from my friend Gellert. Five years after my sister's death, I contacted him back, I couldn't take it anymore. I needed him. It was obvious that my feeling for him had… changed. I finally confessed to him and…" The Headmaster's look became even more melancholic, while Harry imagined him with another guy. It wasn't this much the fact that he had been with a man, but more that he had been with someone that surprised him. "We spent one decay together. I taught at Hogwarts, and came back at our accommodation in the evening, where we kept making our research until dawn. During school holidays, we travelled and explored exotic regions where magic was practised otherwise. It was wonderful. We were happy. But this happiness didn't last… In 1914, war broke out, tearing apart Europe and its occupants. Gellert was persuaded we must take advantage of this war to reveal our existence to the Muggles. They were too busy to think about fighting us and would accept us if we proposed to offer our help for the victory. But no one listened, and he started feeding a sense of resentment. He didn't want wizards to hide anymore. War ended, without him calming down. His research became desperate. He wanted us to start a family, which was impossible, obviously. For my part, I discovered my family legacy and endorsed new responsibilities. In 1929, while I was named Headmaster of Gryffindor, Gellert surprised me in my office at Hogwarts. He had, it seemed, found a way for two wizards to have a child. It was our greatest desire and during a long year, we put to practice fifteen years of research and theory. This ended up working. The 17th May 1930, Wilhem Xander Grindelwald was born. At that time – and still today – a child had to be conceived by a heterosexual couple, and so we couldn't give him our two names. Because I had to stay most of the year at Hogwarts, he took Gellert's name who raised him. We didn't try to divulgate our method, because our society was still very strict regarding people like us. Wilhem was beautiful. He brightened our lives to Gellert and me. But again, it seemed to us like our happiness couldn't last. Even though my son was learning how to walk, I went to an orphanage to reveal to a young boy he was a wizard. He was named Tom Riddle. A wizard who, a few years later, would become Lord Voldemort…" Harry's eyes widened. Voldemort had been an orphan, just like him? His stomach ached, while his gaze slid towards the Sorting Hat. Oh, he remembered what he had told him during the sorting… Slytherin would have guided him on the greatness path. He lowered his eyes on his knees, while Ron's