Harry Potter was the boy who lived; he saved Ginny from the chamber and killed Voldemort. Harry and his friends were heroes that once lived but things have changed. Since Harry and all of his friends passing, the world forgot about the boy who lived. Years after the last of Dumbledore's army died a new minister of magic leader started to restrict people's access to knowledge and history, and feed them lies. As years passed people started to believe Harry Potter the Boy who lived as a myth. But all that is about to change when years later the great-great-great granddaughter of Hermione discovers that everything she knew was a lie. Chapter One: The Burrow As the sun rose through the window waking up thirteen-year-old Emma Connor, with her bushy brown hair like her great-great-great grandmother Hermione and her deep brown eyes, rubbing her eyes she looked up at her poster of her favorite Quidditch team. She heard her Mum call that breakfast was ready so she climbed out of bed, put her jumper on and headed down to the first floor of the Burrow. The Burrow was the home of her great-great-great- grandfather Ron Weasley and his family; the home was given to her mother after her great grandmother Rose who had passed away years before she was born. As she made her way down the stairs she could hear her two younger brothers arguing and her mother yelling at them. When Emma stepped in the kitchen she stopped and looked at the Weasley clock that was frozen in time for years and years. When she was little she once ask her great grandmother Jane why the hands of the clock where hollow and the hands were not moving. She was told by her mother Rose that the hands stopped moving when her Aunt Ginny who was the youngest of the Weasleys died and since that day the clock never moved again. Emma was taken out of the memory when her mother called her name and told her to sit down. Emma obeyed sitting down next to her older sister Alyssa. "When will I go to Hogwarts!" yelled Henry. Alyssa replied with a smile a "In two years you will go to Hogwarts". Her mother told all them to start eating, after five minute the owl Hewing came to deliver their mail. Its our Hogwarts letter shouted Arthur. Mom passed all of our Hogwarts letters; Alyssa who was in her 5th year was excited for OWLS because she has been studying all summer. "Do have your hogsmeade permission slip?" asked Alyssa. Emma nodded her head and handing her paper to her mother for her to sign. It was Arthur first year of Hogwarts and could not wait to go to Diagon Alley to get his things. As Arthur was talking about the pet he will get Emma's dad arrived from grabbing a few things at his office. "I see you all got your Hogwarts letters" Dad said to all of us as he sat down. Dad, do you think I will be in Gryffindor? Arthur asked. Of course you will Arthur, you are a descendent of the Weasleys of course you will go into Gryffindor her mother replied while looking at the clock. The Weasleys and Potters name are still strong but no one remembers or talks about happened all those years ago. My grandparents, my parents and us grew up believing that Harry Potter the hero was a myth. Chapter two: Hogwarts Express A few days after getting our things from Diagon Alley, we all headed to platform 9 ¾. "All right Alyssa you go first my dear" Mum said. Alyssa ran right through the wall "Wicked" shouted Henry like he never seen it before. After Alyssa I ran into the wall to the other side. Then Mum, Dad, Henry and Arthur came though. Platform 9 ¾ had not changed since Harry and his friends came through, it was the same place where parents came to say goodbye to their children who were heading off to Hogwarts for the first or last time. As I entered the train I bumped into Richard Potter who is a descendant of Albus Potter, and who was in Slytherin we both smiled and waved to each other as we passed looking for our friends. Albus Potter, the troublemaker everyone called him. He caused a huge ordeal when him and Scorpius Malfoy decided to change the hands of time by saving Cedric Diggory and changed the history but it all work out in the end when Harry and Ron changed the clock back to make everything right. Anyways , Albus Potter married a red head from Gryffindor, so all of the descendant of Albus are divided into Gryffindor or Slytherin but most of the Potters are in Gryffindor but there is at least one in Potter form Albus line who is in Slytherin. As I kept walking I could see my cousin Gabby Weasley talking to her friends, when she looked up she waved at me as I was walking. I walked to the train cabin I was greeted by two of my best friends Heather Hazelwood and Amber Spellman. I smiled, we all started talked about our first trip to Hogmade, after a few minutes the train cabin opened once again revealing a small red head in her second year Megan Potter who was a descendants of James Potter the first of Ginny and Harry Potter. Megan smiled at Emma asking, "May I sit with you? "Of course "! Emma said as the cabin opened once again revealing her sister Alyssa. Alyssa said, "All right Arthurs on the train we will be moving in a little" as she waved to Megan. The train begun moving, and the trolley came around but this time it was a different witch not the one that was there when Ginny, Harry, Luna, Ron, Hermione and Neville rode the train. The train came to a stop reveling a huge castle. The castle where all of Dumbledore's Army once fought and some lost their lives. But something was different, there was no more Harry or Ron or Hermione or Dumbledore's Army to keep the story alive or so they thought. Chapter Three: Hogwarts After the train came to a stop, Emma, Megan, Amber and Heather came off the train. There was a large giant named Ruby that was saying 'first years over here, first years'. Emma looked for her brother Arthur, went over to him saying "good luck." She walked over to her friends where they rode a wagon to Hogwarts. Hogwarts was the same as it was once before was but scars and memories lived in Hogwarts that the students had long forgotten. The battle of Hogwarts, the final killing of Voldemort was forgotten. After the battle it took the whole summer to rebuild but the scars that were left behind by the people that once fought and lived in that dark times will be forever gone. The Great Hall doors opened up to reveling four tables one for Gryffindor, Ravenclaw, Slytherin and Hufflepuff, The great hall that was once filled with rubble was now is the great Hall where students ate. There was something different about the Great Hall, there was a strange mist in the air, and no one knew what it was. Emma walked to her to the Gryffindor table and waved to Amber who was in Ravenclaw. Emma looked around she could see the Weasley's, and some Potters at the table. She looked over at the Slytherin table to see Richard talking to his friends. When Richard caught her eyes he smiled and waved. After waving back at Richard she looked at the teacher staff, Professor Donald, and Professor Gallagher and other teachers were at the table. Lastly she saw the headmaster who was looking around at all the students and the tables make sure no nonsense was taking place. She turned to talk to Heather and her other friends. The doors opened once again and tall older women led a bunch of first years to the old sorting hat that once sorted Harry, and his friends. Emma watched, as several first year students were being sorted into each of the four houses. When it was Arthur's turn, he was very nervous, "I don't know why he is nervous because all the Weasley are in Gryffindor" Gabby said, making Emma laugh. When hat called for Arthur to be Gryffindor everyone cheered, Emma was the only one that noticed that the hat something like you remind me so much of Ron Weasley. After announcements everyone headed to their towers, Emma was talking to her friends when she realized a figure with a black hooded robe standing near the entrance and she walked out of the entrance very quickly. Emma was told by other students that there was a figure always lurking around Hogwarts, especially on May 2nd, which was the day of the battle everyone said it was a ghost but Emma didn't think so. Emma went to the third year dorm she feel asleep fast excited about the beginning of classes. Chapter Four: Hogmade Frist week of Classes were successful, her favorite class was Transfigurations but her least favorite class was History of Magic because felt like something was missing and she was right. This weekend was the first trip to Hogmade, she was excited to go with her friends and Alyssa told her where to go. The first stop she went to was HoneyDuckes, which was Emma's favorite after a few shops they stopped at the Three broomsticks inn where they ordered butterbeers and the owner Jason Malfoy was very nice since he was a descendant of Draco Malfoy and was in Slytherin. Jason never got married or had a kid so the Malfoy line had ended with Jason but no one knew he was hiding a secret within the walls of three broomsticks, maybe that's why he never got married. After the butterbeers all the Hogwarts Students had to go back to the Hogwarts grounds. As Emma and her friends were heading out of the three broomsticks back to Hogwarts, she felt like someone was watching her. Emma looked around, and she felt like she need to look up and through window she sees a women's face, with black hair, she looked about in her early or late 50s and she was wearing black robe the same one she saw in beginning of the week. When the women made eye connect with her, the women suddenly disappeared, when her friend Amber realized that Emma was far behind her she want back to her friend who was looking up at the window, "What are you looking at?" asks Amber. When Emma saw her friend she said I thought I was someone through the window, Amber give her a confusing look Emma there is no there. Emma nodded, saying maybe I just thought I saw someone as her and Amber walk back towards Hogwarts. As Emma and Amber were waking back, the women appeared again looking at Emma, The women knew who Emma was because she look exactly like Hermione Granger. Chapter 5-History of Magic and Detention No one dared to speak the name of Harry Potter especially in the History of Magic class but Professor Donald was different. It was like Professor Donald believed that Harry Potter was not a Myth but I saw something in her that she knew that the boy who lived and all of his friends were very much real. Professor Gallagher told every single student that Harry Potter and His friends were very much a myth and Harry was nothing but a fraud that wanted to be famous, every time Richard Potter heard this he would get really mad and mutters things under his breath I could never tell what he said. A few weeks into the school year, I finally raised my hand and asked about