A/N: This story is a continuation of the events of my other story "Til the Pain Fades." If you haven't read that one yet, please, go on ahead and take a gander at it, because it will only make this story better. 3. It had only been about a month since Will Solace lost the light of his world. About a month since the darkness took away all that was precious to him, and turned his whole world upside down. It had all happened so fast that Will's memories of that fateful day, that had ripped his light from him with blood and shadow, were blurry. One of the few things that Will knew with vivid detail, however, was the simple fact that none of the memories swimming around in his head, threatening to overwhelm him with nightmares each time he closed his eyes to sleep, were good. Will brought his arms to his chest, snuggling with himself against the cold, crisp air of autumn. He hadn't been built for this weather. His father was Apollo, after all. Simply put, inherently, he loved the summer most of all. Nevertheless, he couldn't control the weather, and simply rubbing his arms could not cut it against the biting chill of the autumn. Tears streamed, unbidden, down the sides of Will's face. Memories surged to the surface of his mind. Will remembered that the only warning he had gotten before his life changed for the worse was the a strangled scream from his beloved Nico di Angelo. His Angel. Wheelchair-bound yet still fierce on the battlefield with his legion of skeletons cutting down skeletons every which way. Will remembered, rather fuzzily, the way that he had spun around to face Nico. His blade had flashed through the air to turn a monster to dust as his eyes settled on his beloved. Will remembered, with exquisite clarity the single, terrible moment that had come before everything changed forever. Nico had reached out to him, eyes filled with the kind of fear that Nico had never known they could have. Even in the face of Python, Nico had been unwavering and stoic. Not in this case. Will remembered, a pain twisting in his chest, that time had seemed to slow down as he watched what happened before him. Nico's fingers were splayed, as though he was trying his best to reach Will, but to no avail. A dreadful creature reared up, wicked curved blade ready to strike a fatal blow. The only thing that Will remembered immediately after that was not an image, but a terrifying and frankly, sickening scream of pure pain and agony. Will didn't know whose throat the horrible sound had been ripped from. All he knew was that the scream had actually happened, and that it still echoed even when there was no one around him. Even when only the silence and the shadows kept him company. Will remembered that after, he had seen red. Only red. Crimson like the blood that had watered the grass of Half-Blood Hill as a result of the battle that should never have happened. The battle that had required every able citizen, and in Nico's case, even disabled citizen, of Theopolis to come to the defence of the camp. Will remembered that a dark haze had descended over his eyes as the monters all around him screamed and scattered. Their guttural roars had been like the most horrifying choir he had ever heard. They had turned to dust before they managed to get very far. Will couldn't remember whether the beasts had died by his hand or someone else's. All he knew was that they had died. Painfully. Will could remember the sheer carnage. The bloodbath that had ensued around him. Will remembered the pain. The sharp and unabating pain that had become a part of his world from that moment forth. Will could not stop the gasp that slipped from his lips as the memory came to an end. He felt a comforting hand touch his thigh gently, but it wasn't enough. He shuddered where he stood because of the terrible emotions that remembering had roused in him, but he also shivered because of the cold. Tears streamed down the sides of Will's face. They pooled at his chin before falling, only to splash against his cold toes, clad only in his signature flip-flops. There were some days when he could, like before , find humour in the way that unlike everything else in his life, his flip-flop wearing was the one thing that had remained unchanged. Some days, Will found it easier to maintain the will to live because he could laugh at the ridiculous notion that of all the things he could find comfort in, he found it in his flip-flops and the way that they bared his feet to the elements. The way that they made his toes numb in the chill air of autumn. Will knew that people didn't approve of his fashion choices for the fall. He was wearing flip-flops when it was cold, after all. They had every right to not approve. He recognized that. It was a fact that Will often admitted to himself. Still, what those people didn't know was the fact that the flip-flops were a reminder of how great life had been before . They were a summer thing, yes, but some of the best memories of his life had been during the summer. The flip-flops were a constant reminder of that, a pillar of stability that Will needed so much in this desperate and truly dark time. Will squeezed his eyes shut because the tears behind them were threatening to spill out once more. They did anyway, and he was powerless to stop them from streaming down his cheeks. Somehow, Will could fell the sun come out from behind the cloud that it had been hiding behind for much of the afternoon without having to look. Perhaps it was the fact that he was a son of Apollo that allowed him to know if the sun was shining or not, but it didn't matter, anyway. Even as the warmth of the sunlight washed over Will's body, it was not enough to chase away the chill of the crisp autumn air. Nor did the sunlight bring him the solace that it once did. Ever since that fateful day that seemed so long ago now, the sunlight that had once given him such comfort was bleak and almost lifeless. Will shivered. A memory bubbled up from the fog that permeated much of his mind these days. He was finding it more and more difficult to live in the real world instead of the fantastical memories that he'd built with his husband. " Hey, Will," said Nico, walking up beside Will where he stood on the pier. He was looking out across the sand, where the light of the setting sun was playing on the waves. "What are you thinking?" said Nico, voice both playful and concerned. Will turned to his beloved and walked up behind Nico. He hugged his fiance and propped up his chin on the top of Nico 's head. He tilted his head forward and buried his nose in the unruly mop of Nico's dark hair. He hummed contentedly at the simple gesture, though two years ago he would probably have been bent over to the side, clutching his stomach because Nico had just punched him in the gut. When their relationship had still been young and Nico hadn 't been as confident as he was now, Nico's height had been a point of contention between him and Will. Now, however, Nico couldn't care less what Will did, as long as it wasn't anything excessively stupid, which sometimes, Will had a knack for. " I was just wondering what it would be like to catch the sun as it came down to kiss the horizon," said Will, pressing his nose deeper into Nico's hair and inhaling the scent of his fiance that he had gotten so used to. The smell that sometimes he had trouble sleeping if he was left without. " You mean what it would be like to catch the sunset?" said Nico, dryly. He craned his neck and looked up at Will. His fiance shrugged before nodding. "Well," said Nico, with a smirk; "That's a very poetic way of saying it." Nico paled as soon as he realized what he had just said. The horror dawned on him and before Will could say anything, he clapped his hands to his ears and said "Lalalalala! Forget I said anything!" Will chuckled and shook his head. He totally hadn 't been about to spout a haiku that he was well aware annoyed Nico to no end. " Apollo kids and their poetry," grumbled Nico under his breath, only to be rewarded with a pinch to his cheek for his grumpiness. "Would you stop that!" he said, swatting Will's hand. He got a pinch to the other cheek. "William Solace!" Will was laughing uncontrollably. Nico crossed his arms and harrumphed. "Aww," said Will; "I'm sorry, Mister Grumpy-butt." Nico looked at his fiance and rolled his eyes. "Let's sit down, Will," he said, untangling Will's arms from around his waist. He led Will to the edge of the wharf before bending down to take off his shoes and his socks. Nico sat down, unable to help the giggle that bubbled out of his throat at the sensation of the foam on the waves flirting playfully with the soles of his feet. It almost felt as though someone was tickling him. "I know what it's like to catch the sun at sunset," said Nico. Nico looked meaningfully at Will, and though his face was serious, his eyes were filled with mirth. "It always feels warm. It always makes me feel loved and cared for—" Nico looked away, a blush creeping into his cheeks; "It also annoys me a lot because at sunset the sun tends to be really grumpy and hungry after a long day's work." Nico looked back at Will, who was looking at him with wonder, that was replaced with a frown soon after. "What on earth are you talki—" Will paused. "Oh." Will looked at the smirk that decorated Nico 's lips and stuck his tongue out. "Who's being poetic now?" he grumbled under his breath. Nico started laughing, which was just what Will needed in order to pounce and tickle the living daylights out of his fiance. " S-stop it!" gasped Nico. He was trying his best to fight Will back, but he was also trying to stem his squeals and keep his balance on the pier. His peals of laughter echoed over the water and it was a generally good time until Nico felt wet fingers wrap around his ankle. His eyes widened when all of a sudden, he was pulled into the Sound. " W-what the fuck?!" stammered Nico, as he clambered back onto the pier. He was dripping wet, the clothes he'd worn to work completely soaked through. Nico glared down at the waves and saw a pair of sea-green eyes just hovering underneath the water's surface, as well as two rows of perfect teeth bared in a grin. " Perseus Jackson!" said Nico, fuming; "I swear to Hades, I will kill you!" Will was so stunned that it took him a moment to process what had just happened. He looked at Nico and started laughing uncontrollably. Will had not expected Percy to be around, though he supposed that he should not have been surprised. Everyone knew that ever since —Well, no one liked talking about what had happened. Nico glared at Will, then smirked. Before Will knew it, he was plunged into the water, too. Will flailed for a moment, entirely disorientated by the way that Nico had pushed him into the seawater. He felt a bubble of air form around his head, then a pair