A/N: Hello there dear readers! Unfortunately, no, this is not the continuation of Three Days in Darkness that I promised, but I've been rather busy at university to do any actual reworking of the next part of the story, No Mercy for the Storm . That will have to wait for a little while, but I'll get it to you as fast as I can. Nico di Angelo never particularly liked formal occasions. The fact that he was having trouble with the necktie currently draped around his shoulders only added to his frustrations. He'd always had trouble with the damn things. His husband, on the other hand, Will Solace, had never had any bones to pick with black-tie events. Nico growled softly at himself. This was the one night that he'd hoped he wouldn't have to deal with the pain of trying to tie a proper Windsor knot. This night was supposed to be a special one. Nico didn't want anything to go wrong. The past year was full enough of fuck-ups. Nico didn't want this particular night to be one of them, too. Everyone that they loved would be present. Everyone that meant anything to either of them would be there to witness the two young men reaffirming their marriage vows after five years of being married. Nico and Will knew that it would seem rather soon for mundane mortals, but since they were demigods and they lived a dangerous life, both of them had decided that they could not be faulted for wanting to reaffirm their vows a bit early. "Will," said Nico after a while. He'd been struggling with the tie for a good ten minutes. He dropped the two ends of the knot. He sighed in exasperation. His fingers were beginning to cramp. Nico had already stubbornly refused as much of Will's help as he could, but if there was one night that he wanted to avoid pain, it was this night. Nico knew that he could be stubborn at times. He knew that he could be downright wool-headed. He wasn't stupid, though, and he knew when to ask for help. "Will, can you help me?" he said. Will grunted. Nico blinked. He had been so preoccupied with his tie that he hadn't noticed Will was having his own wardrobe issues. Nico looked at his husband and saw that Will was hopping up and down on one leg. It looked like Will was having trouble getting his socks on. "One moment, love," said Will, flashing Nico an apologetic smile that made Nico's heart skip a beat. Nico didn't have to wait too long. Soon enough, Will was standing in front of him. Nico looked at Will. Will looked at Nico and shook his head. "You know I just want to help, right, Nico?" he said. A lock of dark hair had fallen across Nico's face. Will took it and tucked it behind Nico's ear. "You don't have to do everything by yourself." Nico shook his head and sighed. He didn't want to argue. Will smiled at Nico sympathetically, but said nothing more. Five years married and Nico didn't have to do much more than sigh to say that he didn't want to talk about something, and Will would promptly drop the subject. Will did it differently, but Nico always caught it. Will would scrunch his face up in such an endearing way that sometimes, Nico couldn't help but press a topic just to see the expression. Will tapped Nico's nose, jolting the son of Hades from his thoughts. "You really should pay attention, Nico," said Will. "You want to learn how to tie a Windsor knot, right?" Truth be told, some part of Will wanted Nico to never learn. It was probably a bit selfish of him, but he liked doing these small things for his husband. Nico nodded. Will smiled. "Alright. Well, you just do this," he said, "then this, and this, and this." Nico tried his best. He really did. Will's fingers were deft, however. They had had years, if not decades, of experience tying bandages. Nico simply couldn't follow the small, nimble movements. "There we go," said Will, touching up his work with final adjustments before letting go so that Nico could examine his tie closer. Nico had to admit that the knot-work was somewhat shabby. Will's own tie, on the other hand, spoke of impeccable craftsmanship. Nico knew that Will had made his look somewhat ugly on purpose. It was a little thing, but Nico appreciated Will all the more for it. Will had intentionally made Nico's tie look shoddy so that it would look like Nico had done it. Suddenly overcome by a swell of emotion, Nico reached out and touched the side of Will's face. "Thanks, sunshine," he said. His voice was soft and barely audible over the sound of the waves crashing against the beach outside their window. "I mean it," said Nico, when Will chuckled. "Thanks for everything." Will gripped Nico's hand in his own. He knelt down in front of his husband and looked Nico in the eyes. "You don't have to thank me," he said, his sparkling blue eyes holding Nico's dark ones for a moment that seemed to last an eternity. "I love you, after all," said Will, dazzling Nico with the very same smile that even after all this time, still made Nico's heart flutter in his chest. Will chuckled at the colour that crept into Nico's cheeks before pressing his lips in earnest against Nico's. When they finally broke apart for air, Nico could only look at Will. He had tears in his eyes. He traced Will's jaw with his fingers. They trembled from the effort, but it was worth it. "I love you, too." Will grinned at Nico. "I know you do, death boy," said Will, patting his husband on the back. "Now come on," he said, "Let's get this tux on you." Nico sighed, but relented. He reluctantly spread his arms and leaned slightly forward so that Will could get the jacket on him. Nico sighed as Will's hands brushed along his arms. When all was said and done, he looked at himself in the mirror. Of course, he looked rather gloomy in his dark grey tuxedo and dress-pants. It was Nico's trademark look. He rather liked it. He also fancied the thought that he looked rather dapper. He had silver-skull cufflinks. His tie-bar was fashioned after his Stygian Iron sword. He was rather fond of it. Will stood beside Nico. He seemingly made Nico glow with shared radiance. He was dressed in the exact same cut and style of clothing. The only difference was their colour and their accessories. Where Nico was dressed in sharp, dark grey, Will was dressed in gentle, pale, milky gold. His cufflinks were different. On his left was the staff of Asclepius, and on his right was the symbol of the sun. His tie-bar was differen,t too. It was shaped after the single golden arrow that had saved Nico's life from the Calydonian Boar. Nico jumped when he felt Will's hand on his shoulder. He looked at his husband. "Shall we get going, then?" said Will. "Don't want to keep our guests waiting, right?" Nico looked at Will. His heart was hammering in his chest. He sincerely could not believe his luck that he had married this man and would spend the rest of eternity with him. "Yeah," said Nico with a tentative smile. Nico didn't know if he was ready to face everyone again after so long. Most of his friends he hadn't talked to in months . Even Hazel, he'd only talked to sparingly. He'd been a recluse. Nico didn't think he was ready, but tonight was a special night. They had planned it long before the events of the past year turned everything upside down. Nico didn't want to fuck anything up. "Let's go," he said. "Care to dance?" said Reyna as she rose from her place of honour at Nico's right hand. She held out an arm to Nico, but the son of Hades did not take it. Nico looked up at her quizzically. His expression was incredulous. The mere fact that Reyna was asking him to dance was ridiculous. Thankfully, however, the ceremony was already done. The entire thing had been short, sweet, and fantastic. Everything had been more than Nico could have possibly hoped for. After everything that had happened in the past year, every misfortune that had befallen him, this night was something that Nico had needed. The reception was also done. The food had been devoured—as food would be in a room of hungry demigods. The cake had already been consumed. Some of it had been smeared on Nico's face. Some of it on Will's. A whole lot of it in Percy's hair. All in all, Nico thought that the night had been a success. Never mind that halfway through the reception, Nico's hand had cramped. He was in the middle of taking a drink from his wineglass. It had slipped from his fingers and shattered against the floor. The sound had shushed the whole crowd. Everyone had looked at Nico. Thankfully, no one had made too much of the incident, and the night had continued without too much of a hitch. Without too much trouble, that was, at least until the time came when the dance floor was opened. Nico looked at Reyna again. Then he looked at Will, meeting blue eyes with his own. Will seemed somewhat concerned by the proposition, but there was one thing that Nico knew without a doubt. Both he and Will would trust Reyna with their lives. They had had to do so on more than one occasion now, after all. Nico raised an eyebrow at Reyna. He gestured at his body. "I'm not really—" Nico trailed off. He was trying his best to search for the proper word. "Up," he said, finally, with a grimace. The feeling of Will's hand on his shoulder confirmed what he dreaded. Will approved of the pun. Nico rolled his eyes at his husband. "I'm not really up for dancing," he said, glaring at Will. Will shook his head and squeezed Nico's shoulder. "No matter," said Reyna with a laugh. The sound lifted Nico's spirits. Hearing Reyna act as though nothing was wrong felt good for some reason. "I'm strong enough for the both of us," said Reyna. The three demigods spotted Percy Jackson walking by. They decided, in a moment, to mess with him. Reyna nudged Nico in the ribs and winked at him. "I'm man enough for the both of us," she said. Nico copped a feel of Reyna's groin. Normally, he would have objected, and Reyna would have broken his arm off, but in the spirit of fucking with Percy Jackson, they put aside their reservations. "No," said Nico, "I don't think you are." Nico, Reyna, and Will laughed when Percy started choking on the slice of cake he had in his hands. Percy waved at the three demigods and awkwardly walked away as he tried to clear his throat. "No thank you, Reyna," said Nico, once Percy had gotten out of earshot. He folded his hands on his lap. "I appreciate the gesture, but I'd really rather not." Reyna shrugged and rubbed Nico's back. "Suit yourself son of Hades," she said. Only Reyna could call Nico 'son of Hades' and make it sound affectionate. Nico smiled in appreciation. "Can I entice my best friend's husband to a dance, then?" Nico laughed. He looked at Will. Will looked as though he was itching to get on the dance floor, but he didn't seem like he wanted to without Nico's permission. "Go ahead," said Nico. "Just save the last dance for me," he said, softly. Will nodded. He bent down to kiss Nico's forehead. "I'll be back soon, love," he said. Reyna looked at Nico. Her eyes were twinkling with something that