A/N: Hello there! This is the first story that I'm publishing on . It's part of a really big series. The majority of its chapters are posted to a different website, namely Archive of Our Own. However, for this particular story, I'm posting the remastered chapters of Three Days in Darkness, whereas the chapters posted to AO3 haven't yet been given a second editing pass. They will be updated at the same time as my chapters, but if you'd like, you can read the rest of the series over there. Nico di Angelo. It was a name that rolled off of Will Solace's tongue so smoothly and easily. Anyone with two ears and a brain between them would have been able to tell that the feelings that dwelt in his chest were far more than just mere friendship. Will Solace wanted to know Nico di Angelo in the way that only a lover could. Will was disappointed. Yet, a part of him was relieved when Nico asked for a moment to talk to Percy and Annabeth. He didn't know why the boy went to talk to the two demigods, though he should not have found it strange. Nico and the two were friends, after all. Will watched the three with longing. There were so many things that he did not know about Nico di Angelo. There were so many things that he wanted to know about Nico. There were days when Will had to wonder whether it was Aphrodite or the Fates being exceptionally cruel, but one thing was for sure: over the years, despite the son of Hades' merely fleeting presence in the camp, Will had fallen for Nico. It was the most intense and powerful crushes that he'd ever had, and it didn't seem to be fading one bit. Will looked down at his hands. They were trembling. He despised those hands. Incapable of wielding a bow, or using any of his father's other gifts. He could work healing miracles with his hands, but he could do only that: heal. One of Will's feet was tapping incessantly on the ground in front of his cabin. He looked at his leg. " Now I can keep a proper beat? " he noted bitterly. " That's just great. " He clutched his thigh with one hand, trying to make it stop, although the efficacy of the action was doubtful.. The hand on Will's thigh was all he could do to stop his knees from knocking together, too. His show of bluster and confidence around Nico was all just that: a show. Truthfully, Nico terrified him, but not for the reasons that Nico would probably think. Will was one of the few people in the camp that didn't fear Nico for his heritage, or his dark powers. He admired those things about Nico. He admired the fact that despite being a son of Hades, Nico had been noble and had come to the rescue of the camp time and again without second thought. Simply put, Will Solace was afraid of Nico's rejection. Will groaned in exasperation. His trembling was not subsiding. He could tell that soon enough, his entire body would be shaking from the nervousness. He didn't want Nico to see him like this. He thrust his hands into his pockets. That didn't work. A moment later, it became clear that there wasn't much sense keeping Will's hands in his pockets. He brought them back out. His palms were sweaty. His face felt hot. He tugged at his collar. Why was he suddenly so nervous? Will's thoughts turned back to the last few days. He'd seen Nico in action on the battlefield. Will had tried his best to not show it, considering they'd been in a life-and-death situation, but the whole time there had been fucking eagles flapping around inside his stomach. Some part of him had been in awe of the son of Hades, especially when Nico managed to off six of the dog-men even in his weakened state. Will closed his eyes and relived the memories of the battle. Nico had been fighting like a madman. He'd never seen anything like it. Even Percy Jackson didn't come close to what he'd seen from Nico. Will had to wonder just how much more Nico could do if he was at his full strength. Lou Ellen was privy to one fact about the battle. Will had been blushing the entire time. From the moment they came across Nico, to the time that they confronted Octavian for the last time, he'd been blushing. Thankfully, Lou Ellen had had his back. Just as soon as they went to disable the onagers, Will had looked helplessly at Lou Ellen. He remembered the way she'd smirked as she wove the mist into a mask for him. He was thankful for her magic. Will's mind turned to the night of the burial rights at the campfire. Nico, dressed in something appropriate for the occasion: his senator toga, had looked so impressive. He'd looked at the crowd as though it didn't even faze him. Nico looked and acted as though presiding over burial rites was what he'd been called to do all his life. Will supposed it was probably something he knew by instinct, being one of the children of Hades. Still, the way that Nico had handled himself had made Will's heart flutter. Will's mind turned to other things. During the days since the battle, he'd seen Nico watching him from the edges of his vision. There was always a strange melancholy on Nico's face. He'd often tried to make contact with Nico, but whenever he looked in Nico's direction, Nico looked away. Will had to wonder if the sadness on Nico's face meant that he was still thinking about leaving the camp for good. Will shook his head. He wouldn't let that happen. He just couldn't . He didn't know why, but he felt so very strongly for the son of Hades, and he didn't think he could live with himself if he let Nico go that easily. Still, Will had not approached Nico those times that he saw the son of Hades. He'd always felt a surge of fear, and then a twinge of anger. Will was afraid because he didn't want to get rejected by Nico, but at the same time, he was angry because Nico had said that no one wanted him to stay. It was a slap in the face. All that Will had ever wanted whenever Nico visited the camp, was for the son of Hades to stay for good. Instead, Will resigned himself to just watching Nico from the distance, too afraid to go near him, and, even during the times he felt more confident, too afraid that he was going to say something he would eventually regret. Will already regretted unintentionally dismissing everything that Nico had gone through over the years. He'd been angry with Octavian. He'd been angry at Nico's insinuation that no one cared enough for him to want him to stay. He'd been angry that Nico thought the camps would be better off if he was gone. Just the other day, Will had had a rather awkward conversation with Annabeth. At first she hadn't wanted to tell Will of anything, but he'd begged her. He told her that he just wanted to show Nico that there were people that wanted to befriend him at camp, people that wanted him to stay. It was the truth. Reluctantly, Annabeth had told him of what she knew about Nico. Will shook his head and blinked away tears. It had been a harrowing talk. Even through Annabeth's second-hand account, he couldn't imagine the pain that Nico suffered. When they were done, Will felt even more guilty for what he'd said. Will stirred from his thinking when he heard noticed Percy's absolute confusion. The son of Poseidon was looking rather distressed and unsure. Will tilted his head in curiosity, but couldn't make out anything that they were talking about. Idly, Will wondered if Nico was confessing previous feelings for Percy. Will shook his head. He reminded himself that not everyone was gay. Will, himself, was still grappling with his feelings for Nico. He didn't understand why they were so strong. He wanted nothing more than to confess undying love for Nico, but at the same time, he didn't want to accidentally scare away the son of Hades if he was incapable of reciprocating. Will took a deep breath. He thought about just the previous night. He remembered the feeling of relief and hope that swelled in him when Reyna showed Nico what Will had been trying to say during that encounter with Octavian. He was welcome. Camp Half-Blood was as much Nico's home as it was Will's. A small smile tugged at the corners of Will's lips as he remembered that at some point during the hug between Reyna and Nico, he'd wanted nothing more than to grow breasts and obtain Roman Praetorship. Will sighed. It was the kind of sigh of longing and pining. He remembered Lou elbowing him in the ribs after the hug, and telling him that he'd just sighed out loud like a love-sick schoolgirl. He'd blushed. Then, he'd realized that he had missed everything else because he'd been staring at Nico for too long. He'd blushed even more. Will blinked. His attention was brought back to the real world. Nico was walking back to him from across the green. The corners of Nico's lips were turned up in a tentative smile. Hands trembling, Will couldn't help but blush as well when he noticed the pink twinge to Nico's cheeks. He grabbed his hand and willed it to be still as Nico approached. A gentle breeze blew past Will's face, and a lock of hair dropped over his eye. With a single motion, Will brushed the blond hair away. At that moment, Nico's eyes had taken a momentary pause from their frantic darting. They had settled on Will's face. Instead of seeing a nervous and jittery son of Apollo, Nico saw a confident and rather good-looking one instead. Will looked past Nico at Percy and Annabeth. The two looked as though they were in earnest conversation. Percy had a baffled look on his face. Annabeth, on the other hand, was shaking, presumably from laughter. "Hey," said Will. He forced his hands to be steady. Then he forced his foot to stop tapping. Will shifted all his weight to the leg that was trembling. He wished with all his might, to all the gods, that Nico wouldn't notice. He felt like a jittery machine. He felt as though all his springs and coils were wound tight, and a single poke would send him bouncing all over the place. "Hey," said Nico. He wasn't really sure how to respond to Will's greeting. He wasn't very good at this whole being social thing, after all. Will's eyes wandered from Nico back to Annabeth. The daughter of Athena stopped talking to Percy for a moment, then turned to face Nico. She smiled as she saw him approaching Will. Then she looked at the son of Apollo. She winked at Will. Instantly, Will felt all the blood rush into his face. Then it spread to his ears. It felt like his face was on fire. Annabeth's laughter was so loud that both Nico and Will could hear it. Nico looked back at Percy and Annabeth. The tiny smile on Nico's lips fell for a moment, but the melancholy was gone almost as soon as it had come. Will took the moment to try and compose himself. It wasn't working. His hands were still trembling. His foot was still trying its best to tap the ground into submission, or somehow dig a tunnel straight through the earth to China. A bead of sweat rolled down the side of Will's face. "Shall we?" said Will. He walked over to Nico, surprised at