Thanks to Fran for her double beta work! I also need to thank Michele, Syd, Ninkita and Jane-with-a-y for giving me their comments. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended . So, this was my entry for the Red Eyed Edward contest. I've asked them to remove it and am giving it to you here. I entered the contest for the concept, and there's no way that Edward biting Bella to change her makes him a Red Eye. That is the HEA for just about every Vampward/Humanella written. Red Eyed vampires feed from humans―their diet must consist of human juice boxes. It's very disheartening to watch the true Red Eye entries be underappreciated. I hope that anyone who reads this will consider it when they go to make their vote. I hope that the readers will go back and give those stories a look because they've sat almost stagnant, with barely a trickle of reviews, for days. There are some EXCELLENT entries and you're completely missing out. . . Now, I want to say that this IS a Red Eye entry therefore the only assurance I can give is: I love for Bella and Edward to live happily ever after … READ AT YOUR OWN RISK! For three nights, I've set this trap. Rickety, broken-down ten-speed propped against the nearest tree, me slumped over in defeat, waiting for a savior to come along. The trail is dark, desolate, not another soul in sight. But it's the soulless I'm after. A twig snapping in the woods behind me makes the anticipation rise, the adrenaline rush. A rabbit hops across the trail to my right, the tension ebbs slightly. Footsteps pattering against the dry dirt in the distance catch my attention. I resume my pose and wait. Left, right, left, right, each tap of the foot bringing them closer and closer. The pace slows, so I look up and begin to climb to my feet in relief. "Finally!" I exhaust. "Could you help me? Do you have a vehicle nearby?" Her ivory skin shimmers in the moonlight, almost the same tone as her blonde hair. Dark eyes are hidden in the shadows, but I can picture their exact shade of crimson. "What do we have here?" She saunters in my direction, already taking on a predatory air. "Please, if you could help me, I've crashed my bike and need to get it out of here somehow," I beg, taking a step back as if I'm intimidated. Her steps slow as she approaches, almost in arm's reach now. "But we could have so much more fun alone, just you and me." Her cool breath brushes across my skin, sending shivers down my spine. My cocky confidence slides into place. "Yeah?" I lift a brow and cross my arms, fingers wrapping around the handle of my blade. "What kind of fun might that be?" She steps closer, swiping a lock of hair away with a cool finger. "Probably not the kind you hope," she murmurs, stepping around me, her hand trailing a path along my shoulder. "I think you have that backward," I reply. My blade glimmers in the moonlight as it sweeps through the air and across her neck. With one surprise slice, her head is lying on the forest floor, fingers still gripping my shoulder. With one more, clean swipe, her hand joins the growing collection. Slice, swoop, slash and body parts litter the trail. A flame ignites, and as I watch her body burn, the sweet stench gives me the satisfaction I crave. She is no more. . . I am the hunter, not the hunted. Born into an underground society of Hunters― vampire hunters. None of their kind even know we exist, except for the Volturi leaders, and even they don't know who or where. We're their exterminators, the ones who take out those who refuse to play by the rules. The unknown police of the vampire world. We're not chosen but born into this life. We're trained from the time we can walk to destroy the invincible. Centuries ago, our master craftsmen discovered that diamonds could penetrate vampire flesh; hence, the diamond blade was born. The blade has been fashioned into arrow tips to penetrate the stone-like flesh, while the shafts ignite our prey, leaving them to burn to a crisp with nothing more than a twitch of the fingers. But for a more personal experience, our craftsmen developed the hand blade. My weapon of choice. With a flick of the wrist, it will slice the cold, hard skin and sever the head, leaving it lifeless in my hands. The thrill of the kill is a rush, the power on which I thrive. It feeds me, pushes me, makes me beg for the next assignment. Sitting in my quarters at the Hunter compound, I suit up for the night to come. I'm on the trail of a rogue, one who refuses to bow to vampire law. He's a despicable bloodsucker who's been elusive, but he won't be any longer … not after tonight. Tonight, he'll cease to exist. A tap on the door causes me to tense. Only when a shaggy, blond head peeks around, do I relax and unclench my blade. Even though we're underground and undetectable, I'm always guarded. Always on the lookout for a threat. A vampire can end your life in a split second; ignoring that fact will only get you killed. "You about ready?" Jasper asks, already suited up, weapons gleaming even with the dim overhead lighting. I turn back to the mirror to appraise myself. Black leather covers black jeans and T-shirt, ending with black, diamond tipped boots—my special, last-ditch weapon were I to, unfortunately, end up in the clutches of a vampire. Running my hand through the scruff on my face, I meet Jasper's eyes. "Are you sure they're going to be there tonight?" He tilts his head once in a curt nod. "My sources confirm their presence." "Your fucking sources?" I scoff, his words grating on me like the edge of a knife. His features harden as if he's made of stone. "Do you doubt me?" I turn and face him, my jaw clenched. "I don't doubt you, Jasper, but your secret sources. These vampires are dangerous and we could be walking into a trap!" He tenses, but doesn't move forward to challenge me. Jasper is a year older than me and we've been training together since before we can remember. We each have our own ways of doing our job; however, this one is particularly challenging. The vampire known as James and his mate Victoria are the targets. Since they're a pair, Jasper has taken on Victoria's demise and left James to me. And while they run together, they'll be taken out separately. Jasper will do his job and I'll do mine. We've been after them for months, spent many nights on their trail only to lose them in the end. All that remains are the reeking corpses left in their wake. Not one, but dozens. Piles of bodies have to be taken care of, leaving families to wonder how their loved ones simply vanished into thin air. They didn't. This rogue vampire and his mate are playing a game, almost as if they know of our existence, but that would be impossible. Our kind, although human, have been guarding the line between vampire and human for centuries. Through a complicated, ancient arrangement, we're able to receive word on each assignment while leaving no one vampire with the knowledge of our existence. It was put in place to keep the gifted vampires from discovering us and wiping us out. I stalk toward the door, holstering my favorite blade as I pass Jasper. "I hope you're willing to bet our lives on your sources ." "Completely," he replies and follows me from the room. When we arrive at the garaging compound, I head straight for my beauty. All sleek black and chrome, she glimmers like my favorite weapon. "You don't think we should just take my car?" Jasper asks, already headed toward his 1969 GTO. With my helmet already in hand, I slip it over my riot of hair and straddle the leather. My answering rev is all he needs to know that I won't be riding with him. Just because we're after a pair doesn't negate the fact that when I'm on a job, I work alone. Not even for Jasper will I break my rules. Leaving the tunnel behind, I break into the nighttime air. The cool, moistness envelops me as I twist the throttle and listen to the echo of the tailpipes roaring into the night behind me. Freedom is a funny thing when you live a life underground … hidden from the human population only to make appearances and pretend to fit in. I don't fit. Sometimes I think the human population is as dangerous as the vampires from who we try so hard to protect them. They're ruthless and vile, killing their own kind without thought or remorse. They'll rob, maim, murder, rape and destroy to have their way. All for the ultimate goal of power, when in reality, they have no power. They'd be corralled like cattle if it weren't for the combined efforts of the Volturi and the Hunters. Bright light cascades around me as Jasper closes in, so I crank the throttle, leaving him to play catch up. The roar of the motor burns in my ears and the asphalt shines slick and black in front of me. Hours later, we pull into the lot of a small pub in-the-middle-of-nowhere town, USA. I survey my surroundings as I dismount from my bike. Neon beer signs hang in the window of the old blue wooden building and as a patron exits with the aid of a friend, honky-tonk music drifts from the open doorway. I make my way inside, not waiting for Jasper to catch up with me. Tricking a vampire to fall into a trap is a risky and dangerous move, much less attempting it with two. He'll do his job, I'll carry out mine and we'll return to our underground world with no one the wiser. My eyes scan the dimly lit area, my whole body tense in anticipation. When my once-over reveals the rogues aren't present, I allow my muscles to uncoil from their battle-ready state and move toward an inconspicuous table in the back corner. A scantily clad waitress approaches me almost immediately. "Hey, sugar." She leans low, exposing her ample cleavage. "What can I do for ya tonight?" I leer at her chest, and then bring my eyes to hers, a smirk curling my lips. "Why don't we start with just a beer for now, whatever you have on tap. Later, though?" I slide my tongue along my bottom lip and sit back. She stays stunned in position for one second before realizing I've dismissed her. Women are so easy, the easiest. With the flash of a smile or the quirk of a brow, they're ready to strip their clothes and let someone they've just met use their bodies. I'll admit I've taken advantage, but it's strictly carnal. While there are women Hunters, I'd never entangle myself in such pleasantries with any of them. I don't mix business with pleasure, and aside from Jasper, that's all other Hunters are to me―business associates. I watch as Jasper approaches the bar and takes a stool near the far end, his eyes steadily scanning the interior of the shoddy establishment. His shoulders slump minutely and he calls for the bartender to bring him a beer. My waitress is back, tits bulging even more if that's possible, a beer landing before me. "There ya go, sugar." She winks. "Just holla at me when ya need anything ." She saunters away, hips swaying in a seductive dance across the rickety, wooden floor. My eyes scour