Author's Note: A silly, romantic diversion brought to you by a Tumblr Ask, because I cannot be arsed to finish anything else that's looming on my horizon at the moment. The Business of Ballroom Severus Snape stood at the corner of the ballroom like a particularly ill-tempered shadow, practically itching to leave. Truth be told, he hated Ministry functions- all these disgustingly smug Ministry bastards in their disgustingly expensive robes rubbing shoulders with others like themselves gave Severus the worst sort of indigestion. Though he had no appetite, he was, in fact, holding an empty champagne flute that he'd unceremoniously emptied at least three times in a nearby bush simply to avoid having to be asked for the fifty-millionth time if he'd like some hors d'oeuvres by one of the over-eager Ministry house elves. He sighed heavily when the champagne flute refilled itself as though by magic and glared at the nearby house elf, who'd frozen mid-snap. With a slight wave of his hand, he dismissed the elf, who looked as though she was about to start boxing her own ears right then and there for displeasing him before disappearing with a sharp pop. Severus took a step to try and explain that this wasn't necessary, but then he realized that since it hadn't worked on all of the house elves he'd grumbled at over the years at Hogwarts for trying to be helpful and making things worse, it probably wouldn't work on her either. The only reason he was at the stupid event was because Minister Shacklebolt (damn him!) had told him that the galleons he'd be receiving along with whatever the bloody award of the week was this time were contingent on his attendance. He looked up at the ornate clock near the far side of the ballroom and sighed. There were still forty-five minutes until midnight, and Severus only had eyes for the Ministry's clocktower. Once it chimed even a single time, he could finally disappear from this godforsaken place like a sour-faced Cinderella. He snorted into the champagne flute at the thought, pretending to be in the middle of drinking it to avoid yet another overstuffed Ministry official who looked like he was about to come over and talk to him. He'd worn his blackest, least-ornate robes, the buttons fastened all the way up to his chin like armor against being considered sociable or in any way conspicuous. He looked over at the other recipients, which were basically a bunch of the members of Dumbledore's Army (the wankers, he thought, all dressed up like they're playing at being like their elders), and some of the other professors from Hogwarts. Minerva had already saved him a couple of times from nosy gawkers, but she was in the middle of dancing with Phineas Fickleboro, the esteemed Transfiguration researcher from Istanbul, and Severus knew that she wouldn't be able to save him if someone happened to find him in his concealed space behind the fat marble pillar in the shadows of the ballroom. A buzzing near his ear made him flinch and he swatted at it instinctively. Unfortunately, he forgot that he was holding the champagne flute with champagne still in it, and ended up pouring it all over the place. There was a loud thump as something heavy hit the ground and a shrill squeal assaulted his ears, making him wince. "HEY! What the feck do you think yer doin'?!" Severus knew that voice. He turned his head slowly, as if this would change the truth of the person who lay sprawled out on her back, her robes drenched in champagne. "Miz Skeeter. Apparently, you have taken my previous instructions to buzz off rather literally," Severus said, stepping back and glowering at her. "Good evening." He swept off, hoping that he looked like he was stomping away in fury instead of fleeing. Skeeter had been merciless since his survival had come to light- following him everywhere during the day and having Prophet interns tail him at night. The damn woman was a pest who was obsessed with writing unflattering articles about him. Normally, Severus wouldn't care. He'd been called worse by friends, after all, and Skeeter was no friend. However, he was also in the process of having several new potions patented, and plans to open his own owl-post apothecary, so he was doing his best to avoid as much negative press as was possible. "Mr. Snape! A word, please!" Skeeter had apparently found her wand and cleaned herself off, for she was following after him at a frightening speed. Severus turned away from her to find that he was mere inches from the dance floor. A murmur of interest filled the room and Severus felt his cheeks growing warm with embarrassment, but at the next bellow from the harridan behind him, he forced himself into the crowd of dancers. Suddenly, someone had taken his hand and he felt himself spun around to find Minerva's laughing eyes and cat-ate-the-canary smile as she led him away from the livid journalist. "Thank Merlin," he said, before he could compose himself, "I was beginning to think that bitch was going to cast a Permanent Sticking Charm." Minerva chuckled. "Well I knew that it would take a fairly extreme situation to get you out into the light of day-" "It's half an hour to midnight, Minerva," Severus replied, unimpressed. "Be that as it may, it's good to see that you're finally putting all those years of teaching Slytherin House to dance to practice, even if it's little old me," Minerva continued, twirling him out and then bending him backwards in her arms. "You do know that I'm supposed to be the lead," Severus said, once she pulled him up out of the dip, his cheeks going slightly pink. "You're three decades too young to lead me anywhere, and you know it," Minerva chuckled as they two-stepped towards the other side of the dance floor. They stopped and clapped politely with the rest of the crowd as the music ended. "Now, then, what are your plans for the rest of the evening?" Severus was about to reply when he felt a finger tap gently on his shoulder and he spun abruptly, his eyes widening with surprise. There, before him, stood a young woman who looked rather familiar, though he couldn't quite put his finger on it. Her hair was short, though ringlets of chestnut brown hair curled around her face in a wild sort of way that filled Severus with a strange heady sensation in his belly. She wasn't heavily powdered or garishly dressed. There was a simplistic, natural air to her that he instantly envied, but she carried herself with a power and confidence that made her look older than her years. Her eyes were golden and seemed to shimmer in the light of the many candles floating above them. Instantly, Severus found himself transported back to his stammering, awkward, teenaged self. "Severus, you're gawking," Minerva politely whispered to him, and he shut his mouth, which had been hanging open and making him look (he was certain) like a total moron. "Good evening, Minerva, Mr. Snape," the woman said, curtseying slightly "Good evening, Miss Granger," Minerva said kindly. "Please, I've told you a hundred times that it's fine to call me Hermione. I feel like a first year when you call me that!" Hermione laughed, and Severus noticed that her teeth were even and white. His mind flashed back to his cruel words about her teeth, before, and he hated himself just a bit more than he usually did. "Old habits die hard, Miss Granger, but I'm sure that there are others who can be more easily persuaded to change their ways," Minerva replied, a very peculiar smile playing across her lips as she looked at Severus and then looked at Hermione and back to Severus again. " What ?" Severus asked pointedly, glaring at Minerva, who waved mildly and melted away into the crowd, leaving him behind before he could stop her. "I'm didn't wish to bother you, Mr. Snape," Hermione said, turning her bright eyes on him and completely stopping his scowl in its tracks, "but I saw you and I just needed to thank you to your face. You saved my life, you see...and-" They both abruptly turned towards a horrible screeching sound. "THERE YOU ARE, SNAPE! THOUGHT YOU COULD ESCAPE, DID YOU!?" screamed Rita Skeeter. Hermione turned away from him for a moment, placing her body squarely between him and the practically rabid journalist, her hands moving up to rest on her hips. And then, an odd thing happened. Though Hermione hadn't made a sound, Rita's expression went from full of fury to bug-eyed with fear. Slowly, she backed away and then, when she'd reached the nearest doorway, she turned and practically ran out of the building as fast as her legs could carry her. Hermione turned back, her face still midway between the intimidating murder-scowl she'd obviously been aiming at Skeeter, but when she finally looked up at him, her face had returned to the almost radiant picture of joy. She had protected him, but not in a way that he'd needed to ask for like some groveling, simpering fool. It filled him with a dangerous, pleasurable warmth and he couldn't bring himself to look away from her. " Beautiful ," he breathed out, before he could keep the thought from escaping his lips, and then, "Shite! I mean...the music is...er...beautiful...and...er...I was just going-" His cheeks burned with embarrassment and he stared up at the cursed clock, which seemed to have only moved a minute or two past the half-hour mark. Damned thing. Hermione laughed, but it wasn't a derisive sound. On the contrary, she sounded so merry that he almost joined in. This was it. He must be going mad. She held out her hand. "If you wouldn't mind, I'd love to have this dance. These Ministry functions are so boring, but it looks like you know what you're doing, and besides, it will pass the time so that we can both get back to our research." This got Severus' attention as he took her hand, leading her back onto the floor as the band began to play a downtempo waltz. "Research?" "Yes," Hermione said, mirroring his lead fairly well, though she was obviously about as rusty as he was. "I'm doing research on Ancient Runes and their usage in perpetually renewable charm energy. Unfortunately, there's not a lot of money in the field even though it'll be dead useful once I finally get it up and running. Hence my attendance at this pompous affair." Severus nearly fell over. It had not occurred to him that anyone other than himself (Minerva, perhaps, but she always enjoyed seeing everyone and was far more social than he would ever be) would feel similarly, much less need the money for ostensibly interesting (although complicated) research projects. Thinking about his own research made him realize something important. "So...er...,you mentioned that I...helped you," Severus said awkwardly. "What, exactly might it have been?" Hermione smiled mysteriously and Severus felt his heart skip a beat. "I'll show you if you'd like...when we're done with this dance." Severus swallowed a mysterious lump that seemed to have appeared in his throat, and he willed his palms not to sweat. The way that she said those words was both seductive and innocuous. It was maddening not to know which it was. And though he was trying very hard to tell himself otherwise, Severus really, really wanted to find out. The song ended as soon as the clock struck midnight and Severus blinked rapidly, wondering where the time had gone. "Thank you, Mr. Snape," Hermione said, curtsying slightly. "It's Severus actually," he heard himself say. "Well, then, Severus-" "Oi! Mione!" The slurred speech came from their left and they both turned to see a stumbling, drunken Ron Weasley being held barely upright by a sheepish looking Harry