Author's Note: This is a one-shot request from choccobun, my team's Beater 1 for this season of the QLFC. Here is her request: Muggle au: "the Prince" is the signature of a well-known graffiti artist. Harry Potter has just turned 18 and is out of the youth detention centre where he's lived for the past three years. He's looking to make a name for himself in the world of street art, and so sets out to search for the Prince in the hopes of becoming part of his crew. What happens when London's best graffiti artist happens to be a middle aged chemistry expert who always works alone and who has no interest in instructing a young delinquent in the finer points of vandalism? Also (and this is from me, the author), NOT SNARRY. Sorry, not my thing. Tag! You're It! "It's more than just a way to mark your turf, Ron," Harry explained, for what felt like the millionth time. "Eh, my brothers have been in the GInger Boys for years," Ron replied wistfully. "They had me climbin' up sign poles since I was a wee lad. I could fit into the small places, see, and was good at hiding." "They caught you last time, mate," Harry retorted. "Yeah, well, that's cuz I had this damned growth spurt," Ron groused, pushing down his hair as though this would take away from his substantial height. "They probably have my sister doing my job now." As usual, Ron and Harry were sitting in the back of art class with all of the aerosol paint cans. Which, at Madam Dursley's Detention And Learning Centre, meant that they each had one, and the cans were so empty that they were nearly all fumes. The art class was mandated by a local government measure to reduce recidivism, or the school would not receive funding, but the class itself was rather sad. The teacher at the front of the class, a Mrs. Washburn, who looked as though she'd attempted to use her surname as a hair treatment, looked as though she was overlooking a class of bedpan-emptiers, not a class full of disreputable youths that had been forced into living out their remaining days as minors in a pseudo-prison environment. Harry sighed and shook his can before angling the nozzle. The spray sputtered a bit at first, but the line was strong as he streaked down and around into the final turn. "It looks like...some kind of squiggly bird?" Ron stared at the picture with a squinty sort of bafflement that Harry couldn't stand. "Nah, see, it's like a ball of lightning with wings of lightning and a lightning strike down the middle," Harry said, running his finger over the drying paint. "Like my alter name. Flashboy." Ron winced. "You sure you want to stick with that one, mate? It gives a bloke the wrong impression. 'Sides, you're fixin' to hit your 18th birthday any day now." Harry sighed, "Yeah, well, do you have any better ideas? Because the only thing about me that makes me stick out in any way is my scar and my messy hair. Other than that, I'm just a scrawny orphan kid from...well, dunno, really. My adoptive guardians were all too happy to fob me off on this place using lies and bribery." "Gee, Harry, are you sure you've used enough lightning?" A feminine voice joined them from behind, and both Harry and Ron turned to see Hermione Granger and her bushy hair towering over them as she chewed an impressively large wad of gum. "Why're you even still here?" Ron complained. It was true. Hermione should have aged out months ago, and yet, here she was, giving them a lecture again. "I'll have you know that I'm working in the student higher education release program, which means that I get special privileges and access that you two blokes can only dream of," Hermione replied, nose in the air. "Besides, I was merely pointing out an aesthetic point. Harry is going to feel rather silly handing in such an unbalanced design." "Who says I was going to turn it in?" Harry pouted, crumpling up the paper and stuffing it in his backpack. "I was just doodling, anyway." "Oh, don't take it like that," Hermione said sympathetically. "I never get things right the first time in art class. It's all about experimentation anyway, isn't it?" Ron snorted in disbelief at her words. If they hadn't saved her from falling off the side of the far wall of the facility in a failed escape attempt back in their first year there, they'd never have stayed friends. Still, they looked after each other and Hermione was an exemplary student for a supposedly degenerate girl who'd talked back to her highly religious mother one too many times and been disowned as punishment. Oddly enough, she was still at least somewhat religious, though she was far more liberal in her interpretation of the holy book. Something about Jesus loving the sinners and hating the sin. Harry hadn't quite been paying attention at the time. "Yeah," Harry said, still feeling a bit chagrined at Hermione's blunt appraisal of his work. "That being said," Hermione said, coming close to them and hushing her voice, "Be ready Friday night. 9:00 AM. I've got a bit of a birthday surprise planned." Harry and Ron immediately perked up. "What sort of naughtiness d'ya have planned, 'Mione?" Ron asked, wiggling his eyebrows suggestively. "Not what you're thinking, Ron, but I promise it will be fun." Ron gave her a suspicious look. The last time Hermione had suggested something fun, they'd ended up being volunteered to restock the library with all the new book arrivals. "Just trust me!" Hermione pleaded. "Fine," Harry said, "but if it turns out like last time…" "It won't," Hermione promised. "Good, now if you don't have anything else to tell us-" Harry started, turning over the next page of his sketchbook. "Here, Harry, this is part of your birthday present. I was going to wait until the day of, but you look like you need it now." Hermione pulled something out and slid it over the desk until it pressed against the sketchbook slightly. "What is this?" Harry picked up both items. "Some sort of ruler thing? And a box….of pencils?" "It's a protractor," Hermione explained. "You'll be able to draw straighter and rounder lines with it. The pencils have different thicknesses so that you can work on different types of textures and shading. You really are a natural artist, Harry. You don't have to throw it all away doing illegal things-" Harry stuffed the gifts into his bag, his expression cold. "I don't tell you off for dating blokes ten years older than you, Hermione. Maybe you shouldn't tell me what to do with my life." Hermione stiffened at this, her expression wounded. "Fine. I guess I'll see you Friday, then. If you're not still mad at me." She moped off towards the front of the classroom and began animatedly helping another student before Harry could go and properly apologize to her. Far too quickly, the bell rang and the class was over. The spray paint was returned and the students trudged through the gray halls to their next class. It was going to be a difficult day. "How is this not immensely illegal?" Harry hissed, as Hermione unlocked the key to his shared barred dorm room with Ron. "It's not illegal if it's not in the rule book," Hermione replied smugly, handing them both badges attached to lanyards that bore the school's depressing gray and black logo. "I checked. Nowhere does it say that students and their friends are not allowed to be out after curfew on their birthday." Ron sniggered at this and Harry simply gave Hermione and impressed shrug. "Well. I suppose not. Let's go, then." They followed Hermione through a series of narrow hallways that were considered too inconsequential to require video surveillance before they finally reached a narrow stairway that they'd never been to before. "It's up here," Hermione said softly, climbing up the stairs and unlocking the door. Harry and Ron stepped through the door, and they gasped with wonder. They were on the roof, which would normally have been rather flat and bleak, except for the fact that Hermione had decked it out with tea lights and a blanket, upon which rested a number of treats and snacks that had obviously been pilfered from the kitchen. A few other guys and girls were hanging out and helping to set things up. A soft melody was playing, at least Harry thought so at first, but it turned out to be Luna, a girl a few years younger than him, singing in her odd, haunting way. It was rather beautiful, he had to admit. Another girl, who they hadn't seen before turned and her eyes widened when she saw Ron. "Brother!" she yelled, launching herself through the air and knocking him on the ground with an over-energetic pounce. "So there you are!" "Gerrof me, Ginny!" Ron grunted. "What're you doing here anyway?" "It involves a whole bunch of explosives and a dragon," Ginny replied mysteriously. " What ?!" Ron yelped. "Not a real dragon, you dolt," Ginny replied. "That's what it's called on account of the big BOOM at the end. S'posed to sound like a real dragon roaring." Harry was rather taken by Ginny's spunky personality, which was rather different than her brother's. While Ron sulked and drank his punch, Ginny nattered on and told Harry about her ambition to paint a two story graffiti mural in a single night. "It's gonna be absolutely brilliant!" she said, her hands making shapes in the air as though drawing it right then and there. Harry took a drink from the cup that Luna had handed to him, her spacy voice telling him something about the contents, and he puckered his lips at the initial sourness, which mellowed out into a sweet, smooth taste that made him feel quite a lot more relaxed about the potential of being caught by the night warden. He had to admit, it tasted good...but there was definitely... something ...in it. He wasn't sure he wanted to ask what it was. "It was that damn chemistry bloke what caught me," Ginny grumbled. "Snape or whatever." " Professor Snape, Ginny," Hermione said, crossing her arms. "He's not all that bad. Just a bit strict, is all." "Strict? Strict ? Is that what you're callin' 'im now?" Ron replied with a sour expression on his face that had nothing to do with Luna's odd beverage. "Bastard tried to mark me down because I didn't turn in my notes with the test! They're bleedin' notes !" "Yeah, and get this, 'e just happened to be in Chinatown when me 'n the twins were usin' our sticky fingers to get the good stuff," Ginny said conspiratorially. "Charlie got away, of course, and the twins are of age, so they just got community service. But here I am, wastin' away in this drab place." " Hey !" Hermione said, her voice sounding wounded. "Hermione, none of us are disputing the fact that you made the roof look downright cheery," Harry said, "It's just that you have to admit all the security doors and bars are pretty depressing, yeah?" Hermione's shoulders slumped, but she looked relieved. "Yeah, I guess you do have a point." Ginny shot a wicked half-smile at Harry and his belly lurched with a strange sensation. He turned his head to look at Ron instead. He knew his friend wouldn't take kindly to him having the sorts of feelings that he was having. He couldn't help it, though. The way her freckles dotted her face reminded him of the expansive summer Milky Way glow above them. "Wait...what is that ?" Harry squinted up at the strange, dark blob that had obscured part of the starry glow, and felt rather silly when