Author's Note: This started out as a super tame story and became more and more M as I continued writing it because of course it did. You know me. _ There's a bit of gender swapping going on, but to clarify the usage of he/she/his/hers, I went by the gender of the character's mind instead of the sexual presentation of their body, if that makes sense? Hopefully it's not too confusing. Enjoy! :D Weird Wednesday Hermione awoke to blessed silence, rubbed her eyes, and stretched. Her tendons popped and protested immediately. 'Ugh,' she thought blearily, 'I feel so old .' Well, she had survived a war, and wars had a way of aging people before their time. Scratching herself idly and yawning as she sat up in bed, she rubbed her eyes again, then frowned. Something wasn't right. She stood and stumbled towards the loo, wondering why she felt so...off. In her haste, she tripped on something in the dim light of her room and caught herself, letting a choice swear word pass her lips. Odd , her voice was terribly deep and gravelly, almost as though she'd come down with a cold. It was only when she stepped in front of the sink and got a good look at herself that she finally snapped fully awake and let out a panicked bellow of profound distress that echoed through the castle. Staring back at her in the mirror was the face of none other than Severus Snape, Headmaster of Hogwarts. Severus growled in annoyance as a long strand of hair tickled his nose. He tried to blow it away and go back to sleep, but the hair was replaced by another, larger strand, which found its way into his mouth. Sputtering, he clawed at his face, only to find that his hands had become tangled in...hair? "Bloody hell!" he cried, in a distinctly un-Snape-like voice, as he struggled to untangle his hands from the snarls of brown, unruly hair. Instead of breaking free, he rolled off the bed with a loud thud. "Are you alright, Hermione?" A familiar voice said. Snape blinked as a familiar face bent over him. "Patil?" he asked. "Oof, you must have really hit your head. You've been calling me Parvati since third year," Parvati said, and Severus felt his face growing hot as he realized that she was wearing nothing but a bra and underpants. "Augh!" He threw his hands up over his face. "I'm fine ! Go...get dressed!" "Hmph." The young woman's face, which sported a silvery scar over her left cheekbone, curled into a frown and she stomped back to her bed. "Prude." Severus frowned and looked around at his surroundings. Something the Patil girl had said suddenly came to mind. "Did you say...Hermione?" Parvati rolled her eyes from where she lay cocooned under her blankets. "Fool me once, Hermione. I'm not in the mood for it. There was a crazy party in the common room last night, and I'm not ready to get up." Forgetting everything, Severus stood, his lips ready to form the words ten points from Gryffindor for an unauthorized party when he realized that he was standing in an oversized t-shirt and his surprisingly dainty toes... Merlin ...they were painted scarlet . He glanced at the toilet on the far wall and sprinted inside, slamming the door. A strangled scream could be heard from inside moments later. Parvati winced from the bed. "Ugh. Why does she have to be such a drama queen?" Hermione was certain that she'd never stop blushing with embarrassment. How was she to know that the Headmaster preferred to sleep... au naturale ? Luckily, she'd been able to find a pair of gray underpants slung over a nearby chair, but putting them on while desperately trying not to look below the waist was an exercise in frustration. She'd screamed a little when she felt parts of her body that had never been part of her before that very morning shift against her thighs, which were far hairier than- 'Don't look, Hermione, just put them on,' she thought desperately. Between that, and using the toilet, Hermione was seriously considering climbing back into bed and going back to sleep until she woke up in her proper body, but she also knew that it would cause more problems . Hermione had some idea how long it took boys to take care of things in the morning, but she'd never experienced it firsthand. Every time she brushed against a silver scar or felt hair where there had been none the night before, she could feel goosebumps prickling up her arms. She was beginning to see why the Headmaster preferred to dress in layers that covered himself from his ankles to his palms when out in public. Oddly enough, she was somewhat surprised at how soft his hands were, despite the fact that he worked with potions ingredients regularly (as was in evidence by the active brewing lab down the hall from his sleeping quarters). Experiencing life from within Snape's body was, oddly enough, somewhat comforting. Going through the banal motions of getting ready for one's day was more than enough to make her feel intimately empathetic for him, especially considering the number of painful-looking reminders that traversed the length of his body (well, the parts of his body she was comfortable looking at without feeling as though she was about to combust with embarrassment). "Another thing to check off the bucket list, I suppose," she muttered to herself in Snape's deep, whispery voice as she buttoned up the last of his many silver buttons. Looking at herself in the mirror, she had to admit, she didn't look half-bad. Sure, the headmaster never brushed his hair, but it was an ingrained habit for her at this point, so his hair fell in satin curtains on both side of his head. She winked and smiled in the mirror, instantly dissolving into hysterical laughter at seeing such a stern, severe looking face stretch into such an out-of-character expression. "I'm ready, I suppose," she told her reflection, trying to muster the courage to leave the room. She grabbed Snape's... her ...wand, and tucked it into a hidden chest pocket she'd discovered while dressing. The wand thrummed against her chest with a discordant tone. Hermione was fairly certain it knew that she wasn't its master, though she also knew it was silly to think such a thing. "Don't worry, we'll find him and figure out how to fix this," she said, stroking the wand gently. The wand let out a tiny cloud of sparks as though it found this particularly amusing, and Hermione had to agree, it would have been hilarious...if it hadn't been happening to her . There were very few things that Severus was unfamiliar with. The usage of a brassiere, apparently, was one of these things. He almost gave up when, somehow, he found the armband trapped under his... Hermione's ...er…breasts. As his fingers brushed against them in the struggle against the damned thing, Severus was very, very thankful that his surge of amorous feelings largely went unnoticed from an external perspective other than the flush across his cheeks. "I worry about you, girl," Lavender said, shaking her head and helping Severus pull free of the constricting torture device. Severus squeaked in a completely humiliating manner and let Lavender help him get the damned thing on. He looked at the girl with grateful eyes, noting that she was still wearing a glamour over the right side of her face where the worst of Fenrir Grayback's handiwork had torn furrows into her flesh. It left her with a halo effect that made her look a bit otherworldly. "What?" Severus asked hoarsely, realizing the girl had continued speaking. "I said, are you sure you don't want us to walk you up to the Infirmary, Hermione?" Lavender repeated. "You're acting awfully strange after your tumble." Severus managed what he hoped sounded like a girlish giggle and smiled awkwardly. "Oh...um...no, I...er...my mind's just been on some...er...things lately…" "Leave her be, Lav," Parvati said, smacking gum from where she was fixing her hair at the vanity next to her bed. "Remember that week she studied without sleeping and started answering questions in Mermish? If she says she's fine, then she's fine." Severus threw on the robes that were laid out at the foot of the bed, eminently glad that they were basically the same as the boys' robes, save a bit of tailoring to make them a bit more form-fitting. He searched around a bit until he found Hermione's wand under her pillow and grabbed her bookbag before heading down the stairs to the Gryffindor common room. " There she is!" Severus froze at the sound of that familiar, irritating voice. "Potter," he growled menacingly, glaring at the boy, who'd looked up from a copy of Quidditch Monthly and waved in his direction. "Mione!" Ron cried out happily, and before Severus could react, the boy bounded over, threw his arms around him, and planted a kiss on his lips. "I love you, you know that, right?" "Oi!" Harry said good-naturedly, "I thought we agreed- no snogging this early in the morning! It puts me off breakfast!" "Ha-ha!" Ron replied sarcastically as Severus stood frozen in place. "Wha-what is the meaning of this... this ….Weasley!" he sputtered as he recovered from the shock of having been snogged (with tongue, no less) by the youngest male Weasley. Ron gave him an odd look. "Have you been up all night again , Mione? I keep telling you it's going to melt your brain." Severus could feel his cheeks growing scarlet with mortification. Of course. The girl was dating... him . He felt his lips pulling back into a sneer out of habit. Though Severus did not claim to know much about picking male suitors, he was fairly certain that Weasley was not particularly high on the Hogwarts list of most eligible bachelors. Of course, he conceded that he was also probably not one to talk, being a lifelong bachelor of the dark bastard variety. "Ooh, Ron, better leave it. Looks like she's in a bad mood this morning, eh mate?" Harry teased. "For your information, some of us do not appreciate being attacked by a great slobbering git first thing in the morning!" Severus said angrily, stomping his foot. Ron shot him an annoyed look. "Well, I for one think you're being unreasonable." Severus glared at him. "If I wanted your opinion, Weasley, I'd ask for it." Ron reddened. "So it's Weasley and not Ron , then, is it? And after you spent all evening mooning about because I wasn't being affectionate enough. You're perfectly insufferable, you know that?" With that, he stormed off, Harry close behind with a somewhat apologetic look on his face. Severus scoffed. He didn't have time for all this drama. Hermione could sort things out once they'd switched back into their proper bodies. 'Granger,' he reminded himself. When had he begun thinking of her as Hermione? He shook his head and hoisted Hermione's bag over his shoulder. He reminded himself that he'd treat himself to a nice glass of brandy when everything was finally over. That is, if they could figure out how to switch back. As Hermione ran towards Gryffindor Tower, she saw two familiar faces. "Harry! Ron!" Hermione called out. Instead of their usual friendly smiles, both Harry and Ron appeared ready to bolt in the opposite direction. It took Hermione a moment to remember that, to them, it must look as though the feared Headmaster was running full-tilt at them. "Severus! What are you doing?" Hermione turned her head to see McGonagall standing behind her with her hands on her hips. "Don't you dare dock points for those two! They've done nothing wrong!" Hermione opened her mouth to explain herself, when she heard the portrait slam at the top of the stairs. "YOU!" Hermione heard her own voice echoing down the