Author's Note: This is a one-shot for Chaser 1, FragileReality, who has requested a Hermione/Lucius fic. I shall try to do Foppish!Lucius justice….ehehehe…. Wayward Wives and Where to Find Them At first, Lucius Malfoy did not know quite what was wrong. His sense of time really hadn't been the same after Azkaban and those…he shuddered violently at the thought... dementors . They'd sucked out all of the pure-blooded confidence that he'd been born into, among other things. The war was over. The Malfoy family had lost most of their wealth, and other than the Manor, most items had been confiscated by the Ministry to repay war debts. Funnily enough, the Manor was technically considered a member of the family, so it couldn't be repossessed like the average property. Ten generations ago, Fernand Malfoy had supposedly sacrificed his twin brother on the land to create the blood wards that tied the land to the Malfoy bloodline. The bones of Aloicious Lucius Malfoy were supposed to be buried under the marble in the sub-basement, but even though the war was long over and Azkaban was behind him, Lucius had never felt the need to go down and check. The Lucius that had been broken free from Azkaban was a quieter Lucius. A more humble Lucius. A hesitant Lucius that was prone to holing himself up in closets and cabinets and rocking back and forth with irrational bouts of fear. Sometimes, he could feel... something ...staring at him, though nothing was ever there when he finally scoured the room with his wand-tip lit as brightly as he could make it. It really didn't help that Draco was living on his own in a flat in London, and Narcissa wouldn't even sleep in the same bed with him anymore. "You talk in your sleep," she'd said coldly, when he'd asked, but she'd taken up the habit long before the war was over. Lucius had no real illusions about the state of his marriage. Narcissa had checked out the moment that her son ( hers , as though he'd been born of her womb alone !) had been placed in danger because Lucius had stormed the Ministry and lost the prophecy to a bunch of teenagers. They'd worked together like a well-oiled machine for the sake of their son during the war, but now that he was gone… "Cissa?" He asked, listening to his voice echo in the empty hall. He flitted around the Manor, even going so far as visiting the eastern wing, which had long been reclaimed by dust bunnies, only to find himself alone. Lucius decided to call for his house elf, but then he remembered. Dobby was dead. He'd learned later that the freed house elf had died thanks to Bellatrix, but that wasn't much of a surprise. Bella always did love killing things that didn't belong to her. Dobby had been his last house elf. In fact, he'd been assigned to care for Lucius since birth. Malfoy Manor had been left empty for half a century, as Abraxas' father had moved to the south of France, and Abraxas had prefered to stay there when matters of importance did not need to be attended to at the Ministry. Lucius had never lived anywhere other than his parents' mansion before marrying Narcissa. He'd only ever gone to the Manor during the summers when Hogwarts was out, and then it was always filled with people, day and night. Abraxas did love his parties, after all, and Lucius had taken after his father in that regard in spades. Narcissa had been irritated when she'd found out that the entire Malfoy household would only be served by one single elf. She was used to at least a team of a dozen. "They go crazy by themselves," she'd told Lucius on their wedding day, "They have to have at least a single family unit, or they start to behave... strangely ." Lucius, who'd never lived in a household with only one house elf, but who had relied almost solely on Dobby since he was still in short pants, had scoffed at the notion. There would only be one elf in their household because….because reasons . Because the half-bloods mostly used charms and magically imbued gadgets. Because the muggleborns were used to doing the chores with their...he shuddered at the thought whenever he remembered... hands . Because most house elves had fled during the first war, and most pure-blooded households were merely holding onto the last remnants of their stock, many of whom were too old to breed. Only Hogwarts still had thriving numbers of house elves, but it was rumored among the pure-blooded families that Hogwarts had exchanged extensive magical protection to the elves in return for their service, and the ancestors of the elves had agreed to tie their bloodlines to the terms long ago when the Founders were still alive. It had been yet another thing he'd been wrong about, and Narcissa had never let him live it down. "Narcissa?" There was, as before, no reply. Lucius looked down at his stained robes and ran a hand across his stubbly chin which was becoming more beardy than scruffy. He didn't grow facial hair very quickly, so he must have been going at this for more than a week. As if finally catching up to him, his stomach growled angrily at him for neglecting it. "Bugger. I lost time again," he muttered to himself, going through his pockets and pulling out his wand. He stumbled down to the kitchen to fix himself something to eat, but most of the food that wasn't moldy was dodgy-looking at best. Lucius sighed and grabbed some floo powder from the top of the fireplace. "Diagon Alley!" he said, his voice cracking just a bit as he stepped into the green flame shakily. He spun away from Malfoy Manor, a familiar sense of nausea rising in his belly. He was thankful that he'd not eaten, after all. Hermione Granger got up from her desk for the fifth time that morning and went to check to see if she'd remembered to turn the sign on the door to say "open." She had and it did. Sighing with irritation, she stomped back to her desk and tried to look busy. The idea for the Point-Me Detective Agency had been Harry's idea, but it had been Dean Thomas who'd finally convinced her that she actually had what it took to be a private investigator when she'd found and rescued his daughter after she'd been kidnapped by a couple of criminals dead set on extorting the now-famous professional Quidditch player. The Aurors had closed in after Hermione had done most of the barely-legal footwork and she'd been paid handsomely for her work as well as a permanent place at the Thomas table whenever she wished to stop by. Hermione had always been gifted in the art of researching various mysteries while in school, and this fact had often saved her friends' lives. Her dogged determination and willingness to bend (and sometimes break) the rules when she felt that it was appropriate was dwarfed only by inability to let something go until she'd seen it through. Of course, this personality trait wasn't always a good thing. She'd stayed unhappily married to Ron even after he'd begun to beat her. If he'd not splinched himself to death while trying to Apparate home after one too many at the pub, Hermione wasn't sure if she'd ever have left him. But what was done was done. Only Hermione knew the full truth about Ron's abusive behavior and the nature of his death, which had been played up as a tragedy in the papers and at his funeral. She let the family gloss over her husband's flaws because there really wasn't any point in dragging him through the mud now. She played the perfect widow, crying perfect crocodile tears, and no one had suspected a thing. Really, though, they were tears of relief. After, she'd nearly had a nervous breakdown- now that she was safe and didn't have to worry about Rose's safety, it was as though her body took the opportunity to feel the past few years worth of horror all in a span of a month. She got through the worst of it, but not without notice. Molly had practically demanded that she and her daughter move into the Burrow, but Hermione had settled with letting Molly take care of Rose while Hermione set out to find work for herself. It wasn't cheap to raise a child all by oneself, especially when one's dead husband had a habit of drinking away all the money. Rose was already three, and Hermione could already see that she was going to have both Ron's red hair and his short temper, which made her sad and somewhat wistful at the same time. A tantrum was far less terrifying when it came out of a short person with a cute little voice who could be put on timeout, after all. Normally, she had at least one or two clients going at once, as the Aurors often referred cases that weren't clearly crimes to her, but the past few months had been slow as hell, and Hermione was getting tired of dusting and rearranging the knick knacks on her desk. Hermione had resigned herself to reading her advanced Arithmancy text for the rest of the day away when she heard the bell on the front door tinkle merrily. She looked up, her face rearranging into a professional smile and froze. There, standing in the foyer with what looked like half of a pasty in his hand, was a very bedraggled-looking Lucius Malfoy, his eyes huge and shiny with a strange emotion that Hermione had never before seen on the normally proud man's face. "You, there!" Malfoy said, his stringy blond hair falling around his face in matted clumps. "Do you find wives?" Hermione stood and gathered her composure. A customer, after all, was still a customer. Even if it was Lucius-sodding-Malfoy. "Yes," she said, her voice unwavering as the cursed scar on her arm twinged with something like a memory. Lucius had been there when she'd been tortured, but he'd mostly cowered in the corner like a kicked dog. If his current state was any indication, he was still but a shell of his former self. "I can't find Cissy," Lucius said, his voice wavering like a lost child's rather than a man of nearly fifty. Hermione took a deep breath. "I can." Lucius sagged onto the couch, his eyes filling with grateful tears. Finally . Someone who could help him. She stepped closer and Lucius nearly dropped his pasty. "Her….Hermione Granger?" He used his free hand to brush his hair away from his eyes and sat back with a shocked expression on his face. " The Hermione Granger?" "The one and only," she replied, crossing her arms and looking down at him with a sympathetic, yet calculating expression. "As far as I'm aware, that is." Food had helped to banish most of the fog that tended to settle over Lucius' mind, but he couldn't help but stare at the woman who stood at least half a head shorter than Narcissa, and whose body was still somehow rather shapely in her ill-tailored brown robes. She was most definitely no longer the obnoxious little chit that Severus had complained about many a time when they'd gone out for a meal and a pint. Her wavy hair only hit her shoulders now, which made her look more mature as well. Lucius nearly choked when he realized what he was thinking. "N...Narcissa...My….wife," he choked out. "Mr. Malfoy, you'll need to speak in full sentences if you'd like me to help you," Hermione said. Lucius pursed his lips together as though about to speak, but suddenly, his vision was blurring and he could feel the sensation of falling. "Please," was all he could manage before Lucius fell