QLFC After Party Drinks Table Prompt: Dragon Barrel Brandy — it takes 150 years for this to be ready to drink, but good things come to those who wait! Write about something which took a long time to happen. Firsts Severus Snape did not consider himself inexperienced when it came to most things in life. In fact, he would say that he'd seen and done far more than he was comfortable admitting. Of course, there were drawbacks. He would never speak of the times he'd torn himself from his bed gasping for breath, his hands clawing around his scarred throat. He would never speak of the nightmare (for there was only one, and it was dreadful), where twin glowing eyes glared balefully down upon him like slitted alien suns and rotted hands slipped through the floor beneath him as though it were water, grasping at his ankles as he ran. They cursed his name in papery whispers that seemed to linger in his ears even as he struggled to slow his hammering heart. It was ironic that he'd been saved, in the end, by the very person who'd gotten him into the whole sordid Death Eater mess in the first place. Lucius Malfoy was a proud, often unpleasant man, but he was dependable when one was in a pinch. Severus considered "bleeding out from a giant gaping hole in one's throat filled with corrosive venom" to be a particularly perfect definition of a "pinch" and Lucius had performed amiably as soon as his son and wife had been sorted. A combination bezoar and Drought of Dreamless Sleep had kept Severus stable long enough to get to Lucius' fancy private doctor in time to save Severus' life. Once he was well enough again, Lucius had given him some money, new robes, and bid him farewell after giving him the name of a bloke who made portkeys to other countries and new identities to go with them on the cheap. Severus knew that the Malfoy family would probably retreat to their villa in France, but he had no desire to join them. And so, he went instead back to the only place he knew. London. Severus was smart enough to use charms to disguise his face enough not to be completely recognizable, but he also knew that Harry Potter's word was considered indisputable fact. As far as the Wizarding World was concerned, Severus Snape was dead, which meant that Severus had to figure out what this new lease on life meant for him. The truth was this: it terrified him. Between the nightmares and the fact that he could not bring himself to go back to his house on Spinner's End on the off-chance that the Ministry came sniffing about, Severus was fairly miserable in the tiny flat that he kept in the south of London. It was quieter here, and further away from the Ministry or wizarding business, so Severus could live fairly undisturbed. He did not have to work, for he still had access to his muggle bank account, which he'd been filling slowly over the years just in case. And so, Severus passed each day in a gray haze of depression and anxiety. Logically, he knew that something had to change, but he couldn't get himself to do anything more than trudge down to the local corner shop for a bit of bread and cheese. In fact, it was on one of these rare grocery runs that he blearily stumbled into another person and nearly dropped his shopping bag. "Oof!" shouted an annoyed female voice from behind the brown paper bag. "Would it kill you to watch where you're going?!" Severus reeled back as though he'd been slapped. The owner of the voice was mostly hidden behind the bag and the loaf of bread that jutted out the top of it. He peered over and gave her his best unfriendly scowl, the one he used on first year students to make them go quiet on the first day of class. He supposed the shaggy beard he'd charmed onto his face probably made him look even more menacing, which he was grateful for, as this would likely be a short exchange. "I could say the same for you...miss..." he replied, looking her up and down. The raggedy-looking sweater and closely cropped curly brown hair made her look a bit boyish at first glance, but her hips swelled out on either side of her waist in a markedly womanly sort of way. The difference in size was accentuated as she put her hands on her hips and scowling up at him. Oddly enough, the gesture seemed familiar, but Severus couldn't place it. "It's Gra-er...Grant, Miss Grant," said the woman, who still seemed a bit irritated, but who appeared to have fallen back on her innate sense of British politeness. "I live across the hall in 2B, so I'd appreciate it if you got into the habit of looking around before bulldozing people out of nowhere. It's not polite, you know." "Hmph," Severus grunted, continuing on towards his door, which was, indeed, across the hall from the door she was pointing at. "I told you my name, so it's only polite to tell me yours, Mr…?" she asked, her head tilting slightly. "None of your business," Severus said pointedly as he unlocked the door to his apartment and shut it firmly behind him. Severus did not mean to run into the young woman again, but there were only so many times that he could use Freshening Charms on his clothing, so one rainy evening, he finally forced himself to trudge down to the coin operated laundry room at the bottom of the stairs. Miss Grant was sitting and reading a criminally thick book, her eyes covered by a pair of unflattering red-framed reading glasses. "I read too often at night by candlelight," she confessed, as he placed a load in the second washing machine. He turned back to see that one of the dryers was already running as well, so hopefully Miss Grant was almost finished. Their complex wasn't very large, so there was only two of each appliance, and Severus didn't want to be trapped down in the small room for longer than he needed to be. "Candles, eh?" he remarked snidely before he could control himself, "were you going for the ambiance factor or did you live out in the middle of nowhere?" She flushed and turned back to her book. "Something like that," she mumbled. There was one long bench between the washing machine area and the dryer area for people to sit and wait for their laundry cycles to finish. Severus sat down and crossed his arms, making sure that he was sitting facing the opposite direction. "You remind me of someone I used to know," she said nervously, many long minutes later. "Oh?" he asked, suddenly feeling the budding sensation of anxiety prickling in his chest. "Yeah, he scowled so much that he wore a groove between his eyebrows," she replied with a laugh. "I seem to recall he was particularly disdainful of dunderheads." "As one should be," Severus replied gruffly, trying not to let her unwavering gaze unnerve him. He, too, was trying not to openly stare at her by this point, while simultaneously trying to figure out where he'd seen her before. She grinned at him, her teeth small, white and even, and he looked away, his cheeks slightly pink with embarrassment at having been caught staring. "Anyway, now I'm trying to turn over a new leaf. Escape my checkered past, you know, that sort of thing." Severus raised an eyebrow at her. "From the look of you, the most checkered thing you have to worry about is that hideous plaid thing you're currently wearing." "Oh?" Miss Grant grabbed an envelope and slid it into the book she'd been reading like a bookmark. "Well, you know what they say, Mr…." "Sharp," Severus said, thinking quickly. "Like the blade of a knife." "Yes, well, Mr. Sharp, it's as the saying goes. Don't judge a book by its cover. That goes more for people than books, ironically." Miss Grant stared at him with large, amber eyes, and Severus was struck by the dark flecks in her irises that stood apart from the other shades of golden brown in her eyes. Severus was about to respond when the dryer buzzed and Miss Grant leapt up, dropping her book down on the bench with a loud thud. As she turned to go to the dryer, Severus noticed that the envelope bookmark had nearly slipped out of her book. Out of habit (for he had accidentally lost his place in a book many times before), he bent down and pushed the envelope back into place, but not before seeing the address on the envelope more clearly. His eyes widened as he read her first name. "Do you mind grabbing that?" Severus blinked slowly and looked up at her, then down again to where she was pointing. He grabbed the sock and handed it to her. "Her..mione…" he said, more awkwardly than he'd thought the syllables of her name in his head, "I saw, on your letter...that's from Shakespeare, right?" She froze, the sock dangling from her hand limply, and stared at him in shock. "Did I say something wrong?" Severus asked, his voice growing more annoyed than he knew he had the right to be. He'd been trying to be civil and she was looking at him as though he'd just suggested eating babies for supper. She shook her head quickly, which only made him more suspicious, and then she backed out of the laundry room with the sock still in hand. "Gotta go," she mumbled, or, at least he thought that was what she'd said. Severus stared at the open doorway, wondering if it was some sort of joke. But then, after she didn't reappear, even after Severus had moved his meager washing from the washer to the dryer, Severus realized that she wasn't coming back. For lack of anything else to do, he picked up her book and opened it to the first page. A somewhat fancy gold foil bookplate was pressed into the inside cover. "Property of H.G," Severus read, tracing his fingers over the raised letters of her name. Again, he had the distinct sensation of deja vu, but he couldn't quite pinpoint the reason why . He flipped over to the spot where the letter-bookmark lay pressed between the pages. He looked through one of the paragraphs, his eyes widening with surprise. This book...it was an herbology compendium. As Severus perused a few more pages, he realized rather quickly that whoever had written this book was not a muggle. Though the descriptions and effects appeared to be rather mundane and it would certainly not be easily noticed by someone who wasn't looking for it, Severus found references to certain herbs and plants that were considered by most muggles to be mythical. It would also be impossible for a muggle to know which would readily available for study or use, and there was a section at the beginning with an address and instruction to send any potential information about inaccuracies found in the book by owl. It seemed unwise to leave the book in the laundry room, especially since it appeared to look rather large and expensive, and besides, Severus reasoned with himself, it wasn't as though it would be too much extra work to walk it back to its owner. He left Hermione's clothing in the dryer. He was certain that it would be a terrible idea to show up with a bag filled with her underthings in them. He looked around and, not seeing anyone, pulled out his wand. With a quick and surreptitious wave of his wand, his clothing was folded and stacked neatly in his laundry basket. Then, he set the book on top and headed back to his flat. He climbed