It was somewhere around 6:00am. I lay in my bed, debating with myself whether or not to wake up. It was the christmas break of my third year of college here, in New Jersey. Usually on a cold, snowy day like this I would be driving over to my parent's house. Except they were away for a month in Idaho, on a ranch visiting those horrible cousins of mine, then, they would go up to Alaska to spend their anniversary together in their favorite winter resort. Next, I would have called my older brother and sister. They were twins, and always doing something fun with each other, if I asked I could usually tag along. But they were on some mission trip, somewhere near the equator. So, I lay in the small bed of my apartment. I didn't really have anything I had to do today. But, somehow, I highly doubted maidens of Gondor slept in, I also highly doubted Riders of the Rohirrim slept in. So, I regretfully rolled out of bed. My apartment consisted of: Two closets, one uncomfortable couch, a bookshelf, a bed, a kitchenette, a coffee table, and a bathroom. One closet was for towels, extra quilts, and my small valuables-box. The other contained two trunks. One full of weapons, and the other full of regular, every-day clothes. Hanging above these were all of my middle-earth inspired garments, from Rivendell Pajamas, to Gondorian Chain-mail. My bookshelf contained all the usual books, but was dominated by Tolkien's works, as well as all of the Peter Jackson films and soundtracks. I had The Hobbit fan art on the walls, and The Fellowship action figures on the coffee table. I had my favorite Lord of the Rings inspired jewelry by my bed, and a 'Speak, Friend, And Enter' decal on my door. I was obsessed with, obviously, The Lord of the Rings. I yawned, then shivered. Winter had come colder than expected, earlier than expected, and, alas and alack the heating was no good in this misleadingly affordable apartment. The room felt like a refrigerator and it was snowing hard outside. I slipped on a lavender pair of slippers, and a thick matching robe. Now that I wouldn't freeze, I could finally begin my day. I stuck the Two Towers soundtrack in the battered old CD player sitting forlornly in a corner, and lounged on the couch feeling generally sorry for myself. My few, not really legitimate friends were all doing other things, too busy for a phone-call or a text. I had always longed for Middle-earth. I would rather be killing Orcs than sit through French class. I had tried my whole life to bring myself closer to that world. At age thirteen, I had started fencing, archery, Sindarin, and Numenorien. A few years ago I had also started rock climbing and had attempted to teach myself Karate. Not to mention a few words of Quenyen, and Dwarvish. I felt like I could safely call myself a committed fan. After listening to all my favorite tracks, I popped in the Return of the king soundtrack, turned it up high so I could hear it in the bathroom, and started to shower. Sadly, I had only been able to shower for three minutes, and was just about to put in hair conditioner, when I heard a tremendous crash coming from my living room area. Burglars!, was my first thought as I turned off the water, dried up in a hurry, leapt into my robe and slippers, and rushed onto the scene. But there was no burglar. A sight greeted my eye's that I never forgot. A young man had just recovered himself from the ground, and was rubbing his injured rump while spluttering un-repeatable words in Sindarin. The handsomely long blond hair was unmistakable. I quenched an excited squeal of delight. Legolas noticed me for the first time. A mortified look replaced the injured one immediately. "My lady, please excuse this intrusion." He apologized in Common-speech. "You are Legolas?" I replied in Sindarin, hardly able to contain myself. Legolas looked surprised. "Please forgive my un-princely use of language as well my lady. I knew not your ability to speak my language. Yes, I am Legolas. What is your name?" His face reddened as he attempted to regain his composure. I thought for a moment, then used the Elvish name I had thought of for myself after learning Sindarin. "Cellin, though I am no elf." "I can see that." Legolas replied. I turned my head sharply, but no he wore not a smirk, but a calm, cool expression. I hurriedly turned off the music, and invited my unexpected guest to sit down. "How did you get here?" I asked, still trying to get over the fact that I was actually talking to Legolas. "I was heading, with Aragorn and Gimli, for the paths of the dead when suddenly, the ground gave way and I landed here." It was very strange. I noticed Legolas looked like he was hungry. His hair was slightly tangled and his clothes dirty and worn. "I'll put on some water, for breakfast." I said as I left Legolas as he admireed a particularly stunning action figure of himself, riding a horse with Gimli. "Now," I said as I returned, "I might have something you could wear, instead of that." I gestured to his muddy garments. Legolas was only too glad as I lent him a Prince of Mirkwood gown I had made, after the fashion of Thranduil's. As he was changing in the bathroom, I looked for something a little more suitable for myself. I had a hard time of it though, for constantly echoing through my mind were thoughts of this sort: "Legolas is in my bathroom. Legolas is in my apartment. Omw, I think I'm still asleep." Finally, pushing these thoughts out of the way I grabbed a lady of Ithilien gown I had recently finished. Legolas emerged looking very princely and said he'd wait on the couch for me while I changed. A few minutes later, as I exited the bathroom, I found him, gazing, in awe at my open email inbox. He had found the laptop, oh dear. I snatched it away, slammed it shut, and slid it quickly under the couch. "What. Was. That." Legolas sounded like he was in a daze. I didn't know how to explain. "It's sorta like bunch of letters, it's a way of sending messages to people." Legolas looked skeptical. "Well, I wouldn't be corresponding with people by the names of: 'percabeth4ever, and marymaryquitecontrary234', they sound like suspicious servants of the enemy to me." He said, looking distrustfully at the spot on the coffee table where the laptop had previously been. "Don't worry about it." I said from the kitchenette as I poured oats into the water to cook. Legolas looked at me in a weird, eyebrows-raised way as I wrapped myself in several quilts. "Why are you doing that?" "It's cold as ice in here." "But it was horribly hot before I came here." "It's still snowing outside though." "I don't believe it." Legolas murmured as he went to the window and drew the curtain. I followed him. As I had indicated, it was still snowing unrelentingly. "Hey!" Legolas exclaimed so suddenly that I jumped. "What?" He pointed to a figure, struggling through the drifts, trying not to get hit as he crossed the busy street. He was tall, with long hair blowing to and fro, and was wearing garments that would have done better in summer. He had both his shirt, and pants rolled up as high as they could go, a sword hanging from his belt, and a cloak rolled up in a bundle under his arm. "Aragorn!" Legolas cried as he rushed to the door to help his friend. "Stop!" I blocked the door. "You can't leave here dressed like that! There is an, um, an enemy you've never even heard of that seeks you, and will do anything to catch you!" Legolas didn't look frightened. "What is this creature called?" "The fangirl." I replied as I pulled on a thick Fellowship cloak and hurried down the hallway toward the elevator. It was Aragorn out there, and he was having a bad time of it. "Aragorn!" I called through the wind as I waved my arms at him. "Over here!" He made for me, and I ushered him under the awning. "Who are you? What is this place? How did I get here?" He choked out between mouthfuls of the snow he had been buried in. "Come inside." Though he was incredibly cold, Aragorn still managed to be suspicious, resulting in the fact that I had to push the reluctant ranger into the lobby and the the hall. "Don't talk to anyone, and keep your head down." I whispered as I pushed the buttons on the elevator, one hand clenching his arm in case he tried to break away. Luckily, only a few people saw us, they were all already familiar with my costume oddities, and Aragorn was too covered in snow for anyone to notice he was a man with long hair in a fellowship cloak that looked suspiciously like Strider's. That would have brought the fangirls. I winced at the thought, as the elevator slowly climbed to the third floor. Legolas had discovered and opened my soundtracks, and was turning the shiny CDs over in his hands, trying to figure out what they were used for. I hoped he hadn't scratched them. "Aragorn!" He cried, as he whirled around to embrace his friend. Aragorn was too surprised to reply. I had a lot harder time with him than with Legolas. Firstly, being the ranger he was, he wouldn't admit that he was cold. I actually could see him shivering, but he brushed me off. I had a Faramir costume that looked like his style, but he wouldn't put it on. "My clothes are fine, and that's too small." Well, he was right about the size, finally with Legolas' urging he changed, and found it, like he had said, far too small. Unlike Legolas' robes, it was made of an incredibly unforgiving fabric. Sadly, the only garment with a stretchy enough fabric to fit him, was a, *sigh*, Galadriel inspired gown. "Oh the humiliation!" He cried in despair as he gazed, horrified, at his reflection in the full length mirror the sniggering Legolas had directed him to. "I'd rather wear no clothes at all than wear this!" "Better not..." I hurriedly sat him down on the couch before he could try it. "Nobody can see you but us, it's not that bad, I'm wearing a gown, aren't I?" Aragorn sulked even more. "But you're a maiden, that's what maidens do." He harrumphed. I put another pot of water on the stove to boil. But the worst for him was yet to come. For, I could smell Aragorn. I could't tell if Legolas smelled, because Aragorn drowned him out. I turned on the shower. "Okay, Aragorn first, then Legolas." At their dismayed looks I added, "Oh come on, it won't be that bad." "I will do it, only if Legolas goes first." Aragorn growled. Legolas sighed, I handed him a towel, and he made his way to his fate. It had been an hour. I started to get worried. "Aragorn, how about you go check on him, he should have been out a while ago." A few moments later, Aragorn returned. "He says he likes it, imagine that! He doesn't want to come out, and I'll be glad to leave him there, it looks as if I won't have to shower after all." Aragorn may have been bigger than me, and more important than me, and I may have been his biggest fan, but I would not allow him to stay in my apartment if he smelled like he hadn't bathed in months. He probably hadn't. "Legolas!" I yelled through the bathroom