Eh, I thought doing a Daughter of Percy (who's a God) and Annabeth story would be interesting. I've read some and it got me thinking..."Hey. What if I did something like that?" Then myself responded, "It would be awesome. So do it." So I said, "I will!" So here it is. Hope you enjoy it. KEEP CALM AND READ ON! Gods: Fate "This is the 57th time this school year, you have been sending kids to the emergency room!" Screaming nonstop in Kleo's face, was her principal. Mr. Schlur. He was behind his desk gripping the sides of his desk and that funny little vein that tends to pop out of his forehead whenever he got angry appeared. Kleo tried her best to bit back a laugh. She yelped when a lady with long luscious honey blonde hair, fierce steel gray eyes and a natural light tan slapped her on the arm with a disapproving glare. That woman happened to be her mother, Annabeth Chase. The strong, I'm Not Playing With You Young Lady You Better Behave Before I Go Nutso On You, kind of mother. She hated when Kleo got in trouble...which was all the time. It didn't matter where she was, bam, trouble starts in a instant. Her school trouble? Well...it was both physical and mental things, okay? Physical, she tended to fight anyone who said anything annoying or mean to her, even if it wasn't a big deal. Mental, she had ADHD and Dyslexia, she was very hyper and jumpy. Very quick to anger, too for some odd reason. She had trouble reading things no matter how close she was. She was just filled with problems. But she just didn't understand them is all. She really wished that someone could at least try or attempt to help her out. Annabeth exhaled sharply through her nose and strained a small smile, "Principal Schlur, I assure you that Kleo meant no harm in doing whatever she did to that poor boy and girl." A scoff came from Principal Schlur, "No harm?" He repeated shaking his head, "No. Your daughter broke Mrs. Lessen's legs in six different places while she broke Mr. Bull's arm in seven . May I repeat? Seven ." "Mr. Schlur-" "Listen, I know that you're a good parent, and I don't want to expel Kleo but the parents are practically begging for it," said Principal Schlur. He sighed softly massaging his temples. Annabeth bit her bottom lip trying to think of something. Finally, that bright brain of hers had an idea. "Let's say we make a deal, I'll somehow get Kleo back to the good and smart girl she used to be, and you won't expel her." Principal Schlur's eyes went from Annabeth to Kleo who was clearly not paying attention. He smirked and shook Annabeth's hand, "Deal. Perhaps this time you'll learn to be less violent," He said pointedly at the girl who snapped out of her thoughts and shrugged at him with a bored look. "Yeah. Okay, bye-WHOA, MOM!" yelped Kleo as her mother yanked her up from the chair bolting quickly out of the Principal's office, into the hallway and finally into the car. Kleo stumbled into the shotgun seat while Annabeth hopped into the driver's seat, placed her seatbelt on and navigated her way out of the parking lot and down the road. Kleo clicked her seatbelt on not wanting to make eye contact with her pissed off mother. But after a few minutes of silence, Annabeth spoke up. "Why? Why in the world would you do something like that?" asked Annabeth with a grumble, "Breaking those kids arms in different places?! Why'd you do that?" "They asked me if I already had my Halloween costume on! I had to do something," mumbled Kleo with a huff and her arms crossed. Annabeth glanced at her daughter with a low sigh. The drive back to their home was silent. Kleopatra (I know it's spelled with a C but I wanted to do something unique, alright?) Anthea "Kleo" Chase, fourteen years of age, was a good and smart kid. That all changed when she hit age twelve or thirteen. During that time, she turned into a rebel, delinquent, hooligan, troublemaker, whatever you wanted to call it. That's what she turned into. Back then it was all straight A's and B's, even though she had Dyslexia and ADHD. She was really smart and knew she got her intelligence from her mother who was very smart as well. But now Kleo's grades dropped down to C's, D's and...oh Gods...F's. She didn't know what was wrong with her, she went to the school Guidance Counselor a lot to express her feelings and stuff. Whenever the question about her father popped up...well, rage and sadness took over. She started to throw things like chairs or trashcans or even desks. She thought she was Bipolar but she wasn't that either. Her mother tried to cover for her many times saying "It's just a phase" or "She isn't like this, I swear" or even "It's just a part of growing up is all" but even with all that, she still was lost. Kleo was a very pretty girl. Cute, beautiful, stuff like that. She had long dark hair that stopped at her shoulder blades, it had a streak of pink in it, she wore mascara and a lot of black clothes, she had fair skin but looked to be very light tan when she stepped in the light, she had steel gray eyes that had a tad of green in them and she sometimes smelled like sea water in the morning time causing her to take two showers just to get the smell out. Annabeth was a architect. So, yeah she went to museums constructing different buildings and statues and stuff. But her favorite, was Greek Mythology. When Kleo was a little girl, she used to tell her different Greek stories about Gods, Titans and Heroes. The Heroes, of course, was Kleo's favorite. She adored how the Heroes were Demigod children of various Gods and Goddesses. Her favorite stories were about Percy Jackson who was the Hero of Olympus and also the Prophecy of Seven. She loved those two. And Annabeth knew those stories from beginning to the end. Mostly because she may have been the heroic Daughter of Athena who saved the Athena Parthenos in the Prophecy of Seven story and because she may have also been the Heroine of Olympus. No biggie. Except, Kleo didn't exactly know the truth of her mother's past. Her mother was a Demigoddess Daughter of Athena. She was a brain-child. And, yes, she does have a belly button if you're asking. Seriously, why in the world would you ask that? Her past involved many deadly quests with a Cyclops, a Satyr and her true love a Demigod Son of Poseidon who turned into a God six years later after the whole Gaea fiasco. Leaving her pregnant with a child her idiot boyfriend didn't know about. But she knew why her dearest daughter was acting out, it was a phase, a phase to finally go to Camp Half-Blood. A camp for Demigod children of any of the Greek Gods. Camp Half-Blood was the Greek camp for Demigod children while Camp Jupiter was the camp for Roman Demigod children. Yes, Romans and Greeks didn't get along due to past references, but now they get along just fine thanks to the whole returning the Athena Parthenos and Gaea fight. She knew it was time for Kleo to go to camp but...she just wasn't ready yet. It was time for her daughter to leave for camp soon. Because she felt trouble brewin', and Kleo was probably the closest person to stop it. When Annabeth and Kleo stepped into their house. Kleo sighed, "Look, I'm sorry, mom. I know that I need to watch my anger and not get annoyed by the smallest things. But I just can't freakin' help it! I mean, what's wrong with me? Just years ago I was goody two shoes, but now I'm Gangster Grandmaster I'll Kick Your Butt. And I seriously don't want to be that. You know that," She spoke softly in a low tone. "I know," said Annabeth, "Listen, how about..." She chewed on her bottom lip nervously. But something made her spit it out, "...how about you go to this camp? It's really neat. It has archery, pegasi-I mean, horses, fun stuff like that. It's actually where your father and I met." "...A camp? You mean a actual camp?" "Yes. It'll be fun, trust me." Kleo thought for a moment then sighed throwing her hands up. "Fine," she said, "But if I get kicked out the minute I walk in...it's going to be your fault." Annabeth frowned slightly, "My fault?" She narrowed her gray eyes at her daughter, "How?" The girl smirked. "Remember? I don't exactly get along with other kids." "Don't worry, sweetheart," The older Daughter of Athena shot a smirk of her own back, "These kids are just like you. But less violent," She soon tapped her chin, "Except for the Ares cabin. Gods, I haven't seen Ares kids in a long time. I wonder how Clarisse and Chris are doing," She thought. Back then, her and Clarisse La Rue didn't exactly get along. Clarisse was the Daughter of Ares and Ares and Athena didn't get along well. So their children didn't get along well. But after the fight with Kronos, her and Clarisse became good friends. Annabeth snapped out of her thoughts after hearing a snap of the fingers that came from Kleo who smiled. "You were doing hat thinking face again, mom," she said with a short laugh. Annabeth looked at her daughter who reminded her of Percy. The hair, the face, the laugh. Everything. "Relax, Wise Girl," Percy's voice rang through her mind. It made her smile just to hear his voice again. To hear the voice of her true love once more. Loud pounds at the door made the two jump and whip their heads at the door. That was weird. Because no one really came by their house. Plus Annabeth didn't really have any friends mostly because she's caught up in her job and her delinquent daughter. So this was very suspicious. Kleo swallowed taking a step forward but her mother stopped her by grabbing her shoulder. Whatever was going on...she wasn't going to let her only child handle it. So she walked up to the door her shaky hand wrapped around the knob, she twisted it and yanked the door open. But no one was out there. She raised a brow looking around for someone, a low sigh escaped her lips as she turned to Kleo who had a blank look on her face. "That was weird," She commented. Her gray eyes suddenly widened in horror. She tried to speak. Warn her mother. But words just didn't leave out of her mouth. Was it fear that was taking over? Annabeth found herself colliding face first onto the floor. A heavy weight was on her back, clawing at it. She groaned trying to get up, but the thing on her back was too heavy and it growled. She recognized that growl. It was the growl of a Manticore. Now that scared her a little because she hasn't seen or fought a Manticore after Dr. Thorn. Her hand struggled trying to reach into her back pocket for her dagger she kept on her at all times. What? Hey, when you have a Daughter who happens to be a powerful Legacy, you have to stay geared-up. Her hand finally found her back pocket and whipped out a sharp bladed silver dagger. She sliced at the Manticore causing it to roll off of her on it's side. It pounced back up, now on it's feet with a hungry growl. The Daughter of Athena was on her feet as well. She had that glint in her