Mating Mark Summary: In a world where one female is mated to a whole coven, the Cullens find themselves drawn to a beautiful badass human, my OC. With the sexual tension so high, how long will the dominate Vampires last before taking this beautiful submissive that gets her rocks off on being ordered around by dominate males? They know what she deeply desires because she is their Mate, and are all too happy to give it to her. To draw it out and change her. To mark their mate and claim what is theirs. ... Her. Okay... My OC is a mixture of Bella, Alice, Esme, and Rosalie. XD I know it sounds alittle wierd... okay Alot. Bella in submissiveness, even more submissive. But as I said, she's badass. She will crave danger, darkness, and she wants to be dominated. Like Esme when it comes to children, very empathic when it comes to them. Rosalie when she angered by stupid human boys. Her power will be a succubus with visions, only hers will be definite. Not like Alice's that is based on choices. She's like a darker version of all the girls. Yess ... Edward can read her mind .. and the Naughty little things she thinks. *wink, wink. Nudge, Nudge.* Her blood won't sing to him. Like Twilight, except she won't be afraid to say 'No' to guys, she'll be prettier than Bella - Even Rosalie, and while Bella has Edward the prude, she will have Jasper the sexy empath God Of War, Edward the (not prude) mind reader, Emmett and his carefree attitude with sexy body, and Carlisle the sexy doctor. They won't be animal drinkers but they will be wearing those itchy contacts to blend in. Her mother died when she was little, and her father abused her up until she was eight, and he to was mysteriously killed. She lived with her Aunt and will live uncle Charlie, but she's not close to him. She's seventeen, and is a mixture of almost everything but mostly Italian. She will attend Fork's high school, a supposed to be nineth grader but Tenth grade with Jasper. Best part is? In all the mist of teenage horny boys that she can't stand, Even more Horny, Dominate, Male Vamps are lurcking in the mist. They know what she deeply desires because she is their Mate, and are all too happy to give it to her. To draw it out and change her. To mark their mate and claim what is theirs. ... Her. *Swoon* I envy her. Well... I guess it's time for you all to meet Alessandra ("Aly") Marie Cortez Rated M (obiviously) :) Romance\ Hurt&Comfort \ suspense I dragged my converse covered feet through the airport of Port Angeles, scanning the heads for my Uncle Charlie's face when the view infront of me disappeared through my black shaded designer sunglasses. White Pale chalky skin. A range of colorful eyes - first blue, then green, brown, and another blue were slowly, one by one, dissolving into a deep black then turning into red. Holding something that got me startled, yet hot and bothered at the same time. The dominate, lustful glint was in them that I always liked for some reason. When it stopped, my feet obeyed as well. I was thankful I was wearing glasses, my eyes get a far away look and they glaze over when I have these visions. I stood there, rubbing my left eye faking tiredness then moved on to my right, thinking. Making it seem like I was tired, which I was so it wasn't hard. I don't know what to make of it. My visions, even though I don't know why I get them, are NEVER wrong. It gets me edgy ... of how accurate they are all the time. Another thing is that I was never the goody-too-shoes girl, yet something about that vision made my panties get alittle creamed. The glint in those red eyes - the hunger, the need to dominate, the lust. I was still an virgin but the truth was I wanted that ... It leaves me empty ... not having sex. I can be a mean bitch when I want to be but that's only with horny boys that don't know what to do with it if they had the chance or with Snot nosed brats, Prisses, who think they are better than anybody and everybody else. I shivered and pulled my olive skinned hand away from my aquamarine eyes that had little gold in them. I ran my hand through dark brown curly chestnut hair that came to my midback and my bangs that covered my eyebrows, and looked down at my black tight t - shirt and dark blue tight jeans. Making sure everything was in it's place as I adjusted my bags in my hands. My Lapis Lazuli ring and my 'A' scrabble ring glinted in the sunlight as it tried to make it's way out of the clouds and through the windows. Nows, not the time to think about the vision... file and save that for later. I finally saw him, and made my way over. After the awkward introducions, as if we were just meeting each other, we went to his Cop Car. I expected this, him being the Chief of Police and all but that didn't stop me from scrunching up my nose. I need to get myself a car. I wasn't rich, but I wasn't poor either. He tried to make conversation but I didn't want to. I never was close to him, even when I was little, so why would he make an effort now? My mother, his sister, died in child birth with me. But when I was with my good for nothing dead beat dad that abused me, he didn't contact me. Nobody did not even my Aunt, and she's the scatter brained person that just got married to my new Uncle, Phil. Someone else to take care of her, not that I mind doing it. It got me learning how to balance a checkbook at age fourteen, make sure that food was in the house, the electric on, and everything. As I kept hearing him talk about how his life has been, I started to feel alittle guilty. He was trying ... even though there wasn't much effort. "I missed you Uncle Charlie, I'll glad I'm here." I said, not being able to fake the truth. I did miss him, and I was glad I was here. The second part was not because of him though, something was here that told me I belonged here. With it. And the feeling that it would accepted me, Consume me - made me feel edgy with anticipation. He smiled, blushed with compliment, and stared robotically straight ahead. I haven't been accepted at all in my life, with my ... gift I was a well known - what word did they use when I was growing up, Ohhh now I remember - Freak. I was too much a Freak for friends, to much a Freak for love ... for comfort ... for a loving family. My mother would have, but she died in child birth. I can't blame her though, things happen, but that's not what my dad did. He abused me, until I was eight when he was mysteriously killed. No body was found, some say he skipped off, but I knew better. After that I skipped from foster home to foster home. A broken house, through the system, and back again. It was a never ending cycle. My Aunt stepped in when I was fourteen. I am seventeen now, going into tenth grade. But being accepted, even if their is a slight chance of it because I wouldn't dare get my hopes up. I shook my head back and forth to clear the images, as we pulled up to the house. Not the time, again, Jeez Alessandra. I followed silently as he gave me a tour, lastly stopping in the room I was staying in. It was not too small but not large either with a bookshelf, a outdated computer on a desk, a comfy bed with a wide range of blues in color, and I was surprised to see my favorite shade of lavender purple on the walls. Huh, seems Uncle Charlie knows me after all. "Sue from the La Push painted the walls.. I know it's not mu-" I felt bad for this, he was taking my awe as me hating it, and so I couldn't let him to continue. "Uncle Charlie it's great. Thank you." I said as if I was a timid mouse that I was feeling. "Your welcome." He said through a cough, as he walked out the door and left. I like that Uncle Charlie didn't hover. I put my clothes away and decided to go downstairs to hang out with Charlie. Seeing him in the livingroom, watching a football game, I smiled slightly. " I like the Patriots. Tom Brady is awesome." I teased him lightly as he was rooting for the opposing team, The Giants. He gave me the wide eyed look that could only be contributed as 'Girl knows football?' My smile turned into a smirk as The Patriots got a touchdown. "See?" I said cheekily, as I turned my back into the kitchen and pulled open the fridge. Ketchup, Beer and a donut. I rolled my eyes, how did this man survive? "Uncle Charlie, can I go food shopping?" I asked as I made my way over to him, my eyes downcast on the white soft carpet. "Yeah, the money jar is on my counter. You could take the Chevy Truck outside, The blacks gave it to me as a gift for you." I was surprised, but I guess it would take me to get a new car and go food shopping. "Okay, thanks, but is there a a car dealership in Forks?" "No, you would have to go to Port Angeles. Do you need money for it?" "Thanks, but no thanks, Uncle Charlie. I got it taken care of." With that, I went into the kitchen to grab money and ran upstairs to get my purse. I left with a thank you to charlie. I guess the Chevy did look like it was one of those trucks that you see in an accident where the other car is torn apart while the truck only has a dent. But I am not clumsy and as I got in and turned the key, I realized I needed something that went over fourty three and didn't sound like a vengeful Lion. I did a quick scan of my future and made my way into the dealership that had what I wanted. Walking in I went around the annoying salesman that was fucking me with his eyes and made my to the blue and black 2011 Camarro. Poping the hood, I scanned everything to make sure it was in top condition. While I was doing so, I failed to notice four new additions but I did feel eyes on my back. "I'll take it!" I screamed out in joy as I turned to the salesman who was shocked and horny. Perv! I'm under eighteen fucker. That was when I noticed.. them. They weren't gawking at me but didn't look away from me either. One was big - muscled like a serious weight lifter with dark curly hair with dark cinnamon brown eyes. Another was taller, leaner, but still muscular and was honey blond with bright electrifying blue eyes. Another was young, he was blond with royal blue eyes, like the others he was tall. The last was lanky, less bulky with untidy, bronze hair with deep forest green eyes. He was more boyish than the others. But all had they all looked alike. Every one of them was chalky pale like snow, and as they stared at me I could see