Author Note: This is the first story I've written in seven years, be grateful I've deleted them. The joys of naïvety and Twilight. I was thirteen at the time we all make mistakes. Due to this please treat this story like a first timer who has no beta. Thank you and enjoy or don't and review. If this is similar to anything you've read before please let me know as I refuse to be seen as stealing someone else's work. I don't own Harry Potter I only manipulate the characters like Dumbledore. Chapter 1: When Will My Reflection Show Violet felt a chill sweep through her and echo amongst the harsh stone of the abandoned room, here she was alone once more to face her 'next adventure' it seemed almost poetic for it to start at the end of her first, but of course nothing as dramatic and life changing as her last. It had been five years since the Battle of Hogwarts and so much had changed; the love of her life found and lost, a betrayal of a sister, ignorance to Mother Magic, the corruption of innocence left alone with no where or one to turn to and the spiders web of knowledge the goblins had kept from her for unknowingly ignoring them for years and then the small matter of breaking into their bank and stealing a dragon, admittedly their abused dragon and hadn't Charlie had fun yelling at Bill for that. She allowed herself a laugh as she looked back as at the time she didn't dare be rude to the man who helped her settle the damages even if it amounted to an obscene figure. So many political schemes and unknown allies, how many bridges were burnt through sheer ignorance due to appalling self esteem and frankly dangerous treatment from the Dursleys' had she set fire to? Through the lack of motivation to challenge Hermione and risk losing a friend. How many lives unnecessarily lost for being in the way, a spare, for the greater good, for things she was 'too young' to understand? Gazing deep into the Mirror of Erised she remembered when a malnourished scruffy brunette first looked lovingly upon her parents and unknown family members for the first time even though an addition or two confused her, of course she recognised those now she knew the truth and betrayal of those once held dear. She shivered as the wind picked up, this whole mess - the gentle way of saying her life, started long before her first confirmation of having her mothers eyes. Ah, but the stone, where her first errors lay. An opportunity for an alliance and the chance to save two lives lost to the greater good, for her to spot the abnormality of Ron's personality, well better to know now then than anyway at least now she had the chance to change things, for better or worst she didn't know but the selfish longing deep within told the truth, at this point she just didn't care. Rivers of silent tears fell as she pictured them happy and whole untainted by the cruel judgement of strangers and friends alike, faith in humanity and the government still in place, the sweet ignorance of what was once the elder generations war leaving them untouched except for the empty seats in the great hall and the odd orphan or relative in prison, the whispers and accusations of what was once a death eater now a respected member of society, a baby girl born in hiding given to the public an abused orphan as a hero and as a scapegoat. Don't get her wrong, Violet would never count herself as smart as Hermione or Snape, she just finally had 65% of the facts she lacked before and for once has enough confidence and direction to go looking for the rest. Not to mention a goal besides kill the bad guy, ah to be young with rose covered glasses, ironic really as she stood in the room she first killed someone without thought, she never really understood how she could be realistic to the real world and yet all trusting and forgiven where magic was concerned, well her personality was probably affected one self esteem issue or potion later. She understood going back that lives would be lost at her hands or orders and hopefully saved, death never got easier for anyone involved however sometimes it was safer to kill or take a wand arm then ship them off to Azkaban only for them to be released and reck misery and despair upon the innocent. Gone were the days of expelliarmus, she never took a life until absolutely necessary and the dreaded green glow never once sparked from her wand, she considered herself grey now she was rid of worry and expectations to be otherwise and was pleasantly pleased to have discovered her family was of the same classification, ignoring her fathers hypocritical school years and her godfathers childhood. More lives lost for the greater goods bigger picture, letting those closest to her and those around them be killed through lack of information and trusting the rats amongst the men. So many mistakes to make up for, too many possible friends left to wander across to the dark under parents instructions and no one to offer the option of no. Gone was the unborn child she unknowingly lost, the brothers and sisters she fought and bled with, the same sisters who finally convinced her of beauty hidden in the baggy clothes and everything a mother should pass on, the brothers who pranked and threatened those who wished to judge or harm. Gone was the man who loved her when lose consumed her, who treated her like she was worth something for her opinions and not her name. All was gone but not all was lost forever, she had the chance to change it all to be herself without unknowingly becoming a ventriloquist dummy. Here stands Violet Vega Potter the unwilling Woman-Who-Conquered, twenty three years old who had lost, gained and lost what really mattered, before a mirror many had gone mad over in the hopes of regaining it all and hopefully protecting them from known and hidden enemies alike. Well at least I'm good at building myself up from the wreckage and adapting to circumstance. Third times the charm to change what she believed the world to be; from muggle to half blood, witch to scapegoat/hero and now twenty three to ten. Violet measured to 5ft 3 a leftover gift from ignorant adults and her cupboard, through training, eventual potions and a reason to live meant her frame had greatly improved from the almost anorexic puppet of her school years- another problem overlooked and excused, another reason to love him for seeing what was within and letting her free. Violet although unsure could almost imagine what she was meant to be, she could still be who he saw and hopefully would be changing very soon. For them, for herself she would become all she could, Slytherin side included! Occlumency shields were needed for this trip down memory lane, through blood, sweat and tears (admittedly four and a half years also) she had built them up after they'd been destroyed by everyone willingly to mess with her head but she'd prevailed and because of this she came to accept the deaths and plot for the future..past oh this will get confusing, without falling into madness and revenge cough Voldermorts Daddy and Violet issues cough . Ha! Another laugh escaped her, oh her mind was never a healthy place too many memories and potions and people trespassing for that! But now was her chance, finally the right spell was discovered after many hours and a kind house elf or two helped her go through the enormous amount of books collected by her or hidden within vaults she had no clue she had ownership to - note unknowingly pissing Gringotts off. Yet Violets chance to use the Ministry banned spell had arrived, a chance to receive your hearts desire as long as you were clear and precise about what you wished for with the help of necessary objects - in this case a time turner she placed on the sand coloured stone in the mirrors shadow and Mother Magics blessing and will. Admittedly the spell was banned due to its use of blood and sacrifice however if this was her time for redemption, for freedom and love. There was remorse for what she would force from the appropriately named Death Stick only comforted that it would never spillfrom her Phoenix feathered wand, with Magics will her soul would be safe and any other moral dilemma was sated. Violet cleared her throat "et lacrimas et dolores, amissum sanguinem et amare, volo ut cor meum, et semel, et iterum per sacrificia damnum. May all my memories be transported back through this time and dimension to my ten year old self the night of 23rd June 1991 locked within my cupboard after a trip to the zoo. Thank you Mother Magic and I pray you find my heart and sacrifice acceptable." A warmth filled her body, a slight breeze through her brunette curls and a light embrace captured her as she aimed the legendary death stick at the mirror, her emerald eyes showed no regrets just acceptance. " Avada Kedavra!" Green light burst from the wand straight to the Mirror and reflected to hit the time turner. It burst into pieces a mixture of golden and green sand flying through the air, breathing in deeply she felt her pulse slow as her world started to darken, no turning back, no regrets just pure belief and hope for a better world. Gasp ! Dragging a deep breath through her lungs Violet let out a shuddering breath as the cold air soothed her throat, she started to cough up violently as though her whole chest wished to escape. Leaning over the side of the travel cot she finally relaxed and soaked up the midnight air. "Oh Merlin! That hurt, ow." Clutching her chest as she started to come back to herself she finally took note of the threadbare blanket scratching her small hands and the lack of light from her astrology lamp, this was definitely not home. Jolting upright Bang ! Violet hit her head on a low shelf that certainly wasn't there yesterday. Conclusively she wasn't in Kansas anymore. "Okay, breath Vi now what was the last thing you remember. I was walking through Hogsmeade it was crisp in the October air, the wind kept blowing hair in my face. I was clutching a chain around my neck, I heard yelling and starting jogging to Hogwarts so I could...get to the mirrorrrrr and travel back. Through. Time. OH MY MAGIC!" Thunderstruck she reached trembling hands to her face and started patting down her body taking note of the short bob hair, oversized clothes and complete lack of breasts it was all starting to come back. "It worked! It actually worked, well I mean there was a chance obviously but it could of ended badly and I'd be left a corpse to be found by the house elves eventually though judging by the dust it could take awhile instead being found half eaten by Mrs Norris unrecognisable except for a dental records that I'm not even sure Aurors check and- Oh Mother Magic what am I saying, I'm alive and back in time and... Short and skinny and I have horrible hair and who on earth lets a child walk around like this how on earth did people ignore the signs in first year, clearly it was a case of see what you want to see." Dumbfounded and clearly surprised Violet finally diagnosed her headache not as an influx of memories but of the left over pain from the hair pulling and being shoved into a wall and later the cupboard by Vernon,