Category: Books » Hunger Games Author: Eliptical Language: English, Rating: Rated: T Genre: Romance/Friendship Published: 09-09-12, Updated: 01-03-13 Chapters: 35, Words: 40,697 Chapter 1: Yes, you're sick A/N: This is my first Fanfic, so plz review! Summary: Katniss is sick and Peeta takes care of her, with the help of Delly. very cute and Lots of fluff! Disclaimer: Obviously, I dont own the Hunger Games. Normal POV Katniss wraps her arms around Peeta's neck. She had collapsed in the meadow after a long night of hunting, and was just about to come home when she passed out. luckily, peeta was out that morning, and had seen her lying in the grass. he had raced over, scooping her up like a baby, her arms instantly wrapping around his neck. He blushed at the automatic reflex to his touch, then took her home. When Katniss woke up, she had the instant jolt of suprise. The last time she checked, she was hunting. now..she was in her room, smelling soup wafting in from down stairs. She tried to get up, but dizzines overtook her and she had to lay down again. KATNISS POV I lay back down, letting out a groan as the world spins out of control. i press the back of my hand to my forehead, which is unbelievebly hot-as hot as Peeta's was in the first Games. My stomach ached, my throat was dry, and I felt hot and achy all over. The room felt too hot, and it was all I could do not to lay down on the cool hardwood floor. I flipped over my pillow, the other side warm and damp. I lay there like that, wondering who was making soup and how the heck I got here in the first place. I also noticed that I was still wearing my father's hunting jacket-which I immedietly took off-then fell into an uncomfortable, restless sleep. Normal POV As peeta pulld the batch of cheese buns out of the oven, he hears Katniss groan. He takes a moment before going upstairs, wondering if it was reallly a good idea to go up there. eventually, though, he does. He finds katniss lying on their bed, her face in the pillow, hair tangled, hands twisted into the sheets. Peeta's POV Caustiosley, i walk over to her. "Katniss? are you awake?" I ask her gently. i recieve another groan in response. "Im going to take your temperature now, okay?" I reply, stroking her shoulder. her skin feels very hot. i begin to feel worried. When she dosent move, I lean over her, kissing her cheek and shoulder. Then, I gently roll her over, looking at her sleeping face. My heart drops. Katniss, the girl who saved my life on numerous occasions, the face of the rebellion, the mockingjay, the person who survived so much in such a short time, now looked like a defeated young girl. Her Hair mangled and plastered to her face with sweat, dark circles under each eye, flushed cheeks, a tired expression on her delicate face, I wanted nothing more than to swoop her into a hug and hold her forever, but i knew i was the one responsible to take care of her. so, instead, i slip the thermometer in her mouth, then pulled her over to my side of the bed. I replaced the sticky, hot sheets with fresh, temerature controlled ones, swapping the decorative pillows with fluffy ones, then turned my attention back to katniss. I scooped her up again, setting her on the cool sheets, then took the thermomenter out of her mouth. 101.5 that wasnt good. I sigh with worry as i slide off the bed, walking to the bathroom. I come out, bearing a bowl of cold water and a washcloth. i set the bowl and washcloth down on the nightstand, then turn my attention back to Katniss. She's still asleep, her face twisted in pain, and im instantly cradling her, willing her to wake up. "Katniss" I whisper to her. she's not opening her eyes. After rubbing her shoulder and whsipering her name, she's still asleep, and by now im just getting desperate, and do the only thing i can think of. I kiss her gently on the lips, and after a moment she pulls back, yawning hoarsley "Don't kiss me" she says sleepily, sitting up. "I'm sick" I smile at her. "Yeah, having a fever of one-oh-eight usually confirms that a person's sick" she glares at me, but is cut off by some coughing. She tries to get up for a drink of water, but i stop her. "You're always taking care of me, so it's my turn. " after some protest, she finally agrees. I get her the glass of water. "Thank you" she says sleepily I smile and go downstairs again, telling Katniss to change out of her hunting clothes as I leave. When I come back after putting the cheese buns in the fridge, Katniss is lying on the bed, her hair still plastered to her face, staring out the window. After a while she sees me and jumps a little. "I didn't see you" she confesses, sitting up. I smile as I look at her. "You're wearing my shirt" I tell her teasingly She glares at me in response. "Sorry if I didnt change into a fancy satin nightgown from the capitol" I chuckle as I walk towards her, then sit crossed-legged on the bed. After a minute, she crawls over to rest her head in my lap. I use the washcloth to clean her face and neck. She has her eyes closed, coughing every now and then. Then I move on to her arms, smiling to myself when I see goosebumps on her arms wherever the cool washcloth goes. She drifts off after a while, and I put the washcloth down and begin brushing her hair out of her face. I undo her messy braid and push all her hair off her shoulders. I put her back on her pillow before kissing her once, then leaving to go downstairs to make a phone call. When I return with Delly behind me, Katniss is up in bed and looks suprised to see us. Of course he would. Delly never comes over. "Hi...Delly" She says hoarsley, looking at me skeptically I shrug in response. "You're mom's in district four, theres no real doctor in 12, Gales not coming back, Haymitch's drunk, so I called Delly to come help me" "With..." She says, more of a question than a statement "Taking care of you" I croon "It's okay, Katniss!" Delly says cheerfully "I'm here to help! You're always so wonderful about taking care of everyone else, Now it's your turn!" I smile at this. of course delly added something cheerful to the conversation. "Is there anything you need now?" I ask Katniss, who looks like she wants nothing more than to sleep. I know she won't, though. Too many nightmares attack her when she's sick. "Im fine" She replies. "O-kay then, I'll be downstairs then" I say, cheesy grin on my face. "Just yell if you need anything, i sware, I'll come running faster than-" "Go!" Katniss interupts, laughing Katniss POV When Peeta leaves, theres an akward silence between us, interrupted only by my coughing. After sneaking a few glances at Delly, I see shes blushing. I turn my gaze to where she was looking and realized that she noticed I was wearing Peeta's shirt. and no shorts. I pull the sheet that was left behind up to my lap, even though it was seriousey starting to get hot in here. Delly snaps out of it, looking at me, embarrased. I smile and wave it off. "Sooo..." I begin "HowareyoundPeetadoing?" She bursts out, speaking so fast all of her words were slurred into one. "Um..." this really isnt the typical question people ask me about our relationship, usually it's teasing about bread and oven jokes, or something referring to us having children. "Fine, I guess" I reply, a blush creeping onto my already-flushed face. "T-Thats good" She says, smiling at me. I wonder why she's so flustered. "Delly, whats up?" I ask her, crawling over to where she was sitting, ignoring the sheet now. "N-Nothing" she says quickly, and I notice her ears turn red "Okay, who is he?" I ask, a sly smile on my face "HUH?!" she cries out, shocked that I found out her secret. after a long pause, She sighs. "Okay.." She begins, a dreamy look is her expression. "Its...Dile. From the Seam" Dile. I remember him, he was in a few of my classes before the games. he had short, black hair, he was tall, with wide-set dark grey eyes, and very thin. It made me smile to think that delly really liked him. I didn't quite remember him in 13, but then again all I did was sleep in closets and behind laundry pipes. "Have you talked to him yet?" I ask, becoming more and more curious. "Yeah...I dont think he's interested though." Guilt crosses her features, her blue eyes looknig at the matress. "Part of the reason I came here was to see how Peeta acted around you, then I could see if Dile..." Her voice fades out, and I smile in understanding. "Ohhh...you want to learn how to flirt" I chuckle. her face reddens at my comment. It was amusing to see Delly, who always knew what to say and lighten the mood, become flustered at the sound of someone's name. Just then, Peeta came in, setting a big plate full of muffins on the bed and smiling. "Eat up" he said to us. I took one of them off the plate and then mouthed to Delly, 'Watch and Learn' she takes a bite of her muffin and watches me. I sigh at my muffin and Peeta notices. "Whats wrong?" He asks me with concern. I smile misheviousley back, then set the muffin down. I go and sit in his lap. "I'm not hungry" I declare, looknig at Peeta. He looks in awe, the tips of his ears slightly pink. He wasn't used to random displays of affection from me, of all people. I rest my head against his chest and look at Delly, who looks at a loss for words, her eyes wide, her mouth open, a half-eaten muffin still n her hand. Who would've thought me- of all people-would be good at this? I guess after four years, I was pretty much an expert. I curl up, looking up at him longingly. Peeta, speechless. who would've thought? I smile, Then reach up and bring his head down to be level with mine. "Cat got your tounge?" I murmur to him. Instead of waiting for a response, I kiss him, quickly. just then, a timer goes off downstairs. I roll off Peeta, and silently he gets up, a light blush evident on his cheeks as he leaves, a small smile on his lips. I turn towards Delly and shrug. "See? it's not hard" I tell her. she still looks dazed, then looks at me wistfully. "Katniss, you're good at everything" she says. before I can protest, she adds, "I couldn't do that to Dile in a million years" I'm about to respond when a fierce pain hits me in the head. I clutch my temple in my hand, massaging it, while Delly rushes over to my side of the bed and tries to help. I groan in pain as my stomach begins to hurt again, Delly rushes to the bathroom, and in an instant shes back with some painkillers and a glass of water. I take the medicine, thanking Delly, then lay down again. Delly sits next to me on the bed, making sure I'm okay. the painkillers must have had morphling in them, because I drift off instantly. When she sees i'm almost asleep, she leaves, the matress lifting from where she was sitting. As she gets to