Chapter One Note: Another story inspired by works of another with my own major changes in the plot. When I focus for too long and too hard on one story I begin to burn out and slow down. This story will be developing along side Creatures Of Myth, as such I hope to have regular update for both stories with greater quality for both. It is my hope that you all enjoy this story as much as you have my other work. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson and the Olympians and if I did I doubt I would be writing this story. 'Thoughts' "Other Language" "Speech" ~Line Break~ Thunder, rumbling in the backdrop of the great Olympian sky. Lightning flashed in the depths of the dark clouds, lighting them as if swords clashed and sparks within their depths. A boy stood chained in the center of twelve thrones, the seats of power for the mighty Olympian Gods of ancient Greece. Short ebony hair frayed out into sharp tips, unruly even without the wind that blew through the enormous room. His arms extended either side of him, held outstretched and taut by the thick chains of celestial bronze that wrapped around them. Toned legs were bound below him as he was forced into a kneel, two thick shackles binding him in place. Two sea-green eyes, like two precious round stones of malachite, scanned over the thrones, each carved with the domains of those who owned them. Two stood empty, one of platinum, carved with the likeness over countless hunts and a crescent moon in the center of the back. Across from it the next empty throne, solid gold with images of Delphi, the great Python being slain, and those wounded and being healed, on the back was a large sun like the ancient Macedonian flag. In the remainder of the thrones resided ten of the immortal Olympian council members. Behind him the two grand doors that marked the throne room's only entrance. Muffled shouting could be heard behind these doors, heavy pounding accompanying it, causing the door to shutter with ever hit. The young boy tugged at the chains that bound him, the resulting rattle echoing around him and throughout the room. Power crackled in the air around him, bound by the very metallic links the secured him before the hearth. Celestial bronze was a metal of divinity, mined from the very depths of the mighty mount Olympus, occasionally able to be summoned by Hephaestus, God of the Forges. This powerful metal, matched only by imperial gold in ability, not only bound the body, but the soul and magic within as well. God, demigod, mortal sorcerer, it mattered little, their power would slowly drain the longer they remained bound. Now he, Perseus Jackson, son of Poseidon, Prince of the seas, bane of the Minotaur, defeater of Titans, conqueror of Kronos, was wrapped so tight in these very chains that every movement ached as his power rapidly left him. Moments before he had been capable of pulling the chains nearly to the point of break, but the effort had drained him far beyond the point of freeing himself. The rattle continued as he once more tried his hand at escape, looking to his father with pleading eyes. "D-dad?" The sea God turned his head, his eyes closed as he refused to meet the identical orbs of his son. The boy called out once more, from his place he could see the hands of his father as they tightly held the arms of his throne, the joint stark white as they wound themselves tight. Poseidon shook lightly, his form wracked with choked back sobs. A sneer formed on the face of the chained boy. "Fine then, now I know how much you really care about me, Luke was right." " ENOUGH! " Lightning raced from the clouds above, striking the floor just before the demigod with a loud crack, leaving a small black mark in its place. Zeus, King of Olympus stood from is throne, earths most powerful weapon, the master bolt, held in his hand with its point directed toward the teen. "Perseus Orion Jackson, what you say is high treason!" Hate filled the eyes of the son of Poseidon, "Treason? Treason? You drag me here, chain me to the floor, talk of killing me, and what I say is treason? The only treachery here is my own father refusing to help me as his brother shoots lightning at me." "Big words for an idiotic boy such as yourself, maybe my daughter actually rubbed off on you. I can only hope the same can not be said for her." Athena insulted him as she had always done, something to do with an idiotic feud with her father. Leave to all powerful deities to hold a grudge for thousands of years and then go so far as to take out their anger on each other's children. The doors shuddered one hard time, a soft yell of his name from a man was heard on the opposite side. The Gods looked anxiously to them, their eyes flickering between one another. Hera cleared her throat and looked to her husband, a warning he took quickly. His bolt raised high into the air bringing down another arc of lightning from the sky, this one much thicker than the first. A fissure formed in the marble floor, a crack leading to the depths of the deepest and darkest hell known to the world; Tartarus. "Any last words before you are exiled to the pit for all eternity?" Olympus's queen, Hera, hated demigods more than anything else. She could see them only as symbols of infidelity, signs that her precious family was not as perfect as she wanted it to be. Demigods born to a married deity, especially her own husband, she hated them the most. So it was safe to say she was not his biggest fan. This was it, the very end of the line. He had heard that most demigods hardly lived into their twenties. He had assumed that most were killed on some quest, ripped to shreds by some ancient monster that managed to best them. As it turns out that is not always the case. Here he stood, or rather was forced to kneel, as the ruling council of the Gods personally planned to banish him to Tartarus. His crime? Not playing into the hubris of these just and benevolent immortals, denying Godhood and a place among them in favor of helping those who needed it more. He had spurned them that day, in their eyes he had declared mortality a step above. A rare gift, one offered to only the greatest heroes and he had refused so that the forgotten and mistreated demigods would be more than just tools to be used and thrown away, and the peaceful Titans that had been locked away due to fear would be allowed to once more roam the earth. Officially his crime was aiding the Titans, by releasing the ones who were locked away for not but being Titans he had added to the ranks of Olympus's enemies. Now he understood why these idiots had so much opposition. Those they looked down upon they treated as common filth, no more than insects beneath their boots. Those that had less power than them, such as the demigods or minor gods were pawns in their little game. Annabeth had once used the word toy-maker, a term describing a god who created something just to toy with it and throw it away. The Titans had always seemed the ones to fit the bill, but perhaps he had been wrong in this regard. Kronos was evil, of that their was no doubt, and he would never have joined the dark King, but were all Titans as truly abhorrent as their King and his children? He met the eyes of Hestia, the flaming eyed Goddess who tended the hearth in silence. Always watching, always silent, forever at the backdrop of the greater scheme of things. Why? Because the Gods were fools, paying little mind to the eldest of Kronos and Rhea. Every veiled conversation, each secret meeting, the backhanded deals made in this very room when they thought themselves alone, she had heard it all. How incautious and witless for them to overlook one of their own. A deep love for the Goddess was in his heart, she was the gentile giant so to speak, the kindest of them all. It saddened him to see her weep so openly as she watched what was to be his death in this farce of a trial. Vibrant eyes returned to the Queen, defiance shining withing their depths. "You will regret this." The ancient tongue of Greece found its way to his lips as his anger took hold, bringing out his instincts as a Greek warrior. The Goddess merely smirked in response. "I think not." With a clap of her hands he was released from his bindings. Before he could so much as bat an eye the crack expanded to just below him and he fell, racing down towards the deepest depths of the Earth. He could hear the doors finally give way to their attackers, a flash of platinum and golden light reaching the corners of his eyes. His saviors had come too late and now he was doomed. A sad smile found its way to his face. 'At least they tried...at least I have someone.' ~Line Break~ Falling, that is all he had done for eight days now. According to myth it would take nine full days to reach Tartarus from the earth, meaning he would soon reach what was to become his new home for all eternity, well if you can call a giant prison older than time and more dangerous than any other place a home. You would think the the Olympians, being the rulers of the Gods and all, would have an express elevator to the place or some form of quick transportation. Perhaps it was part of the torture, nine days to contemplate what had happened to your life, nine days of knowing you were going to hell and there was no turning back. As it turns out when you are hardly afraid of what could lie below, and thus you do not spend the time dreading your future, one gets very bored very quickly when falling into the pit. The first day he had spent cursing the Gods in every way he could imagine, English, Greek, the little bits of Latin and French that he had known, the latter being a class offered by the Aphrodite cabin back at camp and he had said why not. When he had ran out of curses on what he could only assume to be the second day he had begun playing with his sword, riptide. This casual tossing of the honed blade quickly turned into training, seeing as the place he was soon to be was brimming with monsters he knew and ones he had never seen before he figured why not be prepared? After six days of constant self swordplay, and not the fun kind, boredom had ensnared him once more. Now his thoughts moved to those who had tried to save him, the two Olympians barred from entry until it was all but too late. Artemis and Apollo had been enraged when they had discovered the plans of their fellow council members. Both had tried their hardest to help him, the power of their furious blows enough to shake even the mighty doors of the Olympian council with their sheer strength. Those twin archers had been the ones he had grown closest too for a long time now. When Zoe Nightshade, the second in command of the Hunters of Artemis and the Goddess's best fried had died said Goddess had nearly crumbled. When all others had either held little care or were to afeared to