1 Hermione was not the prettiest girl he had ever seen. God knows He of all people could answer to that being the man he was. No pretty was the shiny gloss many young witches wore on their lips to follow a trend that was demanded by the media. Pretty was Witches from all ages starving themselves just so they could come out looking like a scrunched up bag of bones in his opinion . Pretty was to struggle for that flawless straight hair,with just the right bounce. Thus ruining its natural state by applying heat and chemicals and nasty potions. Pretty freaking sweet was a clever maneuver he did that left observers in awe of the great "Seeker's" talents. Pretty were the sparks falling after a harmless little spell. The birds,butterflies, and flowers that come out at spring time. The large gold trophy's he'd won and not the ones he'd lost because of a shitty team. Pretty sweet was the silver and gold he had earned since he was thirteen. Little Hermione was not pretty with her hair in a large brown jumbled confused intertwined mass. Or those boring school robes that were so clean you just knew she was a neat freak. Nor was She with baby fat still clinging to her matured body or that gap between her two front teeth. Certainly not with those knowledgeable sharp baby brown eyes. Flouncing around carrying books ten times her size. No Hermione Granger was not by any means pretty at all. As a matter of fact She was beautiful and beauty that is to say is in the Holder's eye after all. 2 Lost somewhere inside Hogwarts Castle just little over a week after being named one of the Champions. He stomped through the corridor's with a sour expression on his face. Followed closely by a crowd of over giggly irritating Twats in His Opinion. He was practically running away from them and anyone else watching him could see that getting near the hulking dangerously looking pissed off Bulgarian wasn't such a wise thing to do. But these girls weren't the wisest bunch .He let out a deep growl of frustration hoping to scare them off but they just sighed and giggled even more and continued to follow more he kept walking. Then with just a swing to the south He saw the sun. Well not really but it was Her . The one he saw the first day when he walked into the castles Great Hall sitting and clapping by The Chosen One . There she was with her nose steadily in a book walking into what he could see was the schools library. He decided to keep walking on to try and lose the crowd, he did a double back along the corridors. It took some time and he almost got lost himself but he finally got away from the herd that had been following him. Heading back where he last saw her go into he went in himself and discovered he'd been right it was the library. Searching around until he finally found her. He found a dark shadowy place among the rows in front of her where he could see her but she couldn't see him if she looked up . There among the shadows he watched. He watched as the girl sat alone among a pile of dusty old books, studying away in her own little world. While he studied her and oh was she was worth a good study . There were really no words for what he saw to put it simple she was beautiful. Yes quite lovely this young girl was he'd been stalking for the last hour. but yet he still couldn't get the nerve to just go talk to her. Was he afraid to? Him. Viktor Krum. Pride of Bulgaria. No. Never. I mean just how could one go up to his sun and show all his admiration when they didn't even know her name or even how to speak her language clear enough that he wouldn't come off looking like a bumbling fool if he went up to speak to her. Judging by her appearance she was very intelligent .He frowned even more at that thought making his young face look darker and grim. If anyone were to pass by they would run away in fright. Taking another long dark gaze at her he knew just from a view he was in love. He wanted to call out to the wild haired beauty, go up and take hold of her or something anything. Anything at all but he couldn't. Fed up he took one last lingering look at her profile and stalked back out the library into the Birds of prey that had been outside in the halls still confused on how they had lost him. Stalking towards his ship he blocked their giggles out. Thinking to himself that he would do something no he would learn something. Learn to speak in her tongue without sounding like a little fool was a start and that's just what he would do. Two Days Later ''Apppppppllllllaaaa'' wrong again. Once again the moody Bulgarian tried to say the word apple in broken english to himself. He was alone in his quarters hunched over some reading material desperately working on his pronunciation. It had been two days since he last saw her and with Karkaroff riding his back about the championship, the learning of language and, dodging of hellcats. He had little time to track her down again in the library. Besides he'd probably just end up staring longingly at the girl and that would most likely creep her out. Knock Knock. ''здравей'' Shortly after Viktor called out in greeting after hearing the knock a sharp pointy looking young man opened the door. Stepping in a few steps He closed the door behind him and sat down in a very hard looking wooden chair in front of Viktor. ''Kak ste why not come out ?'' Tolga asked. ''чета'' I said sharply wanting to be alone . He glared hard at me for awhile i guess pissed cause I want pay attention to him . Sometimes I swear he's like those Sheep always begging for attention He mused to himself. Or maybe he don't fly straight. Viktor suddenly snapped his head up with that thought and gave Tolga a death glare who felt it was time to leave getting up he opened the door preparing to walk out. Behind him Viktor let out a relieved sigh. He turned around and for a moment looked like he would speak finally with just a shake of his head he marched out slamming the door as he went. '' Hmmph'' Viktor grunted. so called friend is what Tolga was suppose to be . He knew better then that he had no friends, he wasn't trained to need friends or lovers because it wasn't what was needed to catch that gold ball in the end. He learned this all even before he became a famous quidditch player and with that he went back to studying. The Next Afternoon. Viktor stood in silence as his head master paced back and forth in front of him for the millionth time sprouting off about the same things he'd said over and over again before they even left Durmstrang it was a never ending occurrence with the same lines. Win. Best. Dedication. Work. Hardest. No such things as Can't or Won't. Most importantly You must WIN! It was plain to see all Karkaroff cared about was the glory of the win the riches and fame. The rivers could run dry in Egypt but he wouldn't raise an overgrown eyebrow. Hmm mp he was nobody's fool but he didn't care he imagined his Angel while Karkaroff continued his tirade in front of him. Not all treasures are Silver and Gold and he knew that better than anyone. He thought silently. 3 The first task had already passed and like a Pro he did just fine. That however wasn't what he had his mind on right now. Back before the event had even started .Inside the tent he watched as Hermione ( That was her name because that's what Potter called Her) jumped into Potters arms like some kind of heroine out of a cheesy romance novel right before Rita fucking Skeeter took their picture. Proclaiming notions about young love and such before he had enough and told her to leave . Which she did after some awkward not to mention truly disgusting flirting on her part . The worst part was that Hermione didn't even pay him any attention not even a shy glance. So after that he started following her around in the evenings. Which was even harder to do now ever since the Heads announced the upcoming Yule ball. He had his own pack of piranhas chasing him around even harder, but today he managed to get away. That's where he was now. sitting in a dark corner alone in the library where no one could see him but he could see all. Especially the girl in front of him studying once again alone. Luckily because of all the hormones flying around the ball. There was only a few other students there with them. A perfect opportunity really . He studied her a little more figuring how he was going to go about this in his mind. Like he said earlier he didn't won't to look like a bumbling idiot when he went to speak to her and though he complained about girls before and still did. Didn't mean he didn't take care of his urges once in a while. Yes he was quite the charmer when he got motivated and he was good, real good . It was the reason he had so many female fans even though he was rumored to be unapproachable and mean spirited but when it came to other people he was. But he learned to do what his father taught him and that was one thing he kept to heart from his so called bastard. '' Boy if you ever gonna get any with your face you better treat whores like queens and queens like whores'' . That was when he was nine still skinny and awkward. As he got older he understood what his father meant, when he had sex with rich young witches who had important daddies with high connections and were able to get back stage passes so they could meet him. He fucked them like whores. Not soft and slow like you would do with a princess. And they loved it. Same with whores or sluts they wanted to be treated like women not like a bag with a hole in it and he did just that. Hermione he could see wasn't the type to fall over for sweet talk and flowers. All that fake type of shit. That's when it came to him he would have to play a fool a weak fool because that's the type of girl she was. She liked to help out the innocent and weaker ones and he would just have to reel her in on that. With that thought he knew it was time to make a move standing up slowly from his chair he took another quick glance around it was just him and her. Alone. With a dark smirk on his handsome face he stalked in her direction... 'Hello' Hermione looked up from her studying after hearing a strong voice speak from behind her and was frozen in place. Staring straight into her eyes was the famous Viktor Krum. To shocked to respond upon seeing the darkly handsome older student . She simply sat there for what seemed like ages before she finally came to her senses clearing her throat . ' I'm sorry can i help you' She replied softly Very smoothly the tall student brought his arms around to