AN: I blame the fact I've read over 13 Harry Potter fanfictions this week when I was too sick to type. Dang it. Anyways decided to mess with the whole time travel part. Carapace Chapter 2 is almost done, Ghost And the Obviously Crazy Child 9 is getting really long and I haven't figured out where to end the current chapter, it's over 11 pages already and going so at least I'm not slacking. I've not decided how far back this shall go yet, feel free to review or PM me with opinions. General HP, Mauraders era..what do you wish to see? Curious... ()()()()()() The wars did not end with Voldemort. They Began. Twenty years later everyone was complacent after the Boy-who-lived-again had settled in, his family had even gotten through Hogwarts for the most part. Everything seemed to be going well. Until the Dark Lord over the Water in the United States acted up and since that one had grown up in the muggle world during the era of computers and rapid technology actually took over and swept in while the various countries were up in arms over different terrorist groups around the world paired with natural disasters. What was one or two more seeming horrible events that couldn't be explained during that time? It turned out the Dark Lord Faust had gotten his education half in Beauxbaton's summer program and half in the States own school in Salem. Now most every school outside the one in Brazil could claim they'd spawned a Dark Lord and Brazil really wasn't that sort of early schooling system. He'd used the clever muggle system to spread out his followers and 'force' acclimatization. An utterly ruthless abolishment of blood purity standards, the introduction of Dark Arts as just being another form of magic and the truly heinous spells being the Blackest of Arte's now as they were formally called and heavily controlled by only the highest of medical and research staff for 'The public's protection'. Introduction of many 'Pagan Holiday's' that were entirely out of place as traditionally such worship and holidays were tied to the land of the place. Celtic holidays had no business being on American soil, those lands had numerous native traditions and while the blood of those people may call for observation of their own ancestor worship it didn't fit otherwise. Especially in countries which were perhaps more Norse, or Mayan, or the many hundreds of other cultures that existed out there. Squib's were forced into breeding programs to try and bring back the 'lost lines', dangerous creatures were given equal rights and it soon became non politically correct to begrudge them. The entire thing was a dream on the surface. Sadly, like almost all social economic reforms what should have made sense and been for the 'greater good' was highly corrupt and self serving. Not all of the creatures were good after all. Most werewolves were foul and twisted, vicious and bloodthirsty. Most vampires saw humans only as cattle and the obsession that had spawned in the nineties of the 'beautiful beaux' style vampire had only made their work easier. Centaurs were wise and tied up in their prophecies but they also tended to lose control of their tempers and much like their ancient Greek an Roman ancestors, rape and slaughter at will. The lists went on forever. Several new unforgivables were formed, numerous laws passed and right under the Muggle's noses the latest Wizarding War came in on a whisper everyone welcomed without seeing the danger. It had been an extremely sensible seeming and joyful start. What the reality became was a magically twisted version of the classic 1984 novel only focused on magicals. In the end it took little to entirely wipe out the muggles save for the promising minds who would be used for fresh 'blood' in breeding. There were more of them, but EMP's had long been tested as a viable threat to most societies. Growing up Muggle it was easy for Lord Faust Jones (and unlike many he had no shame about his name and origins but Lord Jones didn't sound right to the populace) to simply slam enchantment's in large numbers down on key areas around the countries to obliterate the electrical grid. Everyone was so dependent on technology that it made taking over simple. Most people didn't know how to get by without electricity, cars (as most had microchips or computers running things since the early 2000's) , food transport. The list went on. Local government couldn't even contact it's people. A few well prepared groups managed, but in time they were all tracked down and either put into slave camps or assimilated. After one hundred years people didn't even really remember 'before'. Squibs were highly prized, in a disturbing twist of fate. They couldn't actually use proper magic to be a threat but they could brew potions, utilize magic artifacts where muggles couldn't. They carried magic in their genes and when matched with a better bloodline produced the most astoundingly powerful wizards and witches. In time it became realized Squibs accessed a different type of Magic and it was referred to as a Talent which was always passed on if the offspring was also a squib but lost otherwise. A good squib became like a Veyron car in the old days, exquisite performance tools of only the utmost luxury. Even pathetic twisted squibs were worth entire family fortunes and any family that found themselves with one could turn them over to the Dark Empire's Enforcer's and receive acclaim and wealth. Squibs that had Talent and procreated with another Talented would not have a new Talent but rather the Talents of both parents in turn, and sometimes lesser talents. There were entire groups set up to match Squibs and their Talents to try and breed new Talents. This was the world I was born in. It was hell. If you didn't guess, I'm a squib. I have the supreme misfortune of being born to two squib parents who are both beautiful and Highly talented. An entire lineage that goes back to before the 'Enlightened Period'. My father is a blacksmith, my mother is a potions expert. Not a Mistress of course, because she can't brew the ones that do require magic assimilation assistance or spells added to them in brewing. My father's weapons are sympathetic to the core of a magic user and many choose them these days over a wand. Both of my parents are personally contracted and owned by the Dark Lord Faust's left hand. That's the hand no one acknowledges exists publicly. It's a bad thing. This means from birth I was raised in the Dark Court. I am a squib and I know this, but as some day I will either be matched to another squib of Talent (we call it that since we aren't magical but we have specific skills) or a Wizard of a bloodline that needs an influx...well, I wish I could say I'd been ignored. Both my parents are gorgeous. My father is over six feet, muscular, chiseled features with dark blonde hair and blue eyes. My mother is barely five and a half feet and though she's built more like a tomboy she's a face that were she non magical in the old days would have landed her on magazine covers. They made me. I'm happiest either with books on history or mythology from old or paints, one feeds the other. What I learn turns into my art and my art is my base. Base talent is always clumsy and awkward and not considered a very good Talent but it's what we do to think. I can trap stories and memories and emotions in my sketches and paintings that later on just need a simple influx of magic to become enchanted. My grandparents used this. My father uses it to help sketch out new smithing ideas before he starts and my mother to plan her potions. It's actually a very common Base though more common is using words to think. My parents have been teaching me both their Talent's since I was able to hold my head up and while I haven't' the muscle for my father's craft if I wasn't Talented I can still hammer and shape knives and jewelry. I prefer pour molding, and where he works with metals I prefer stones and glass when I craft, or simple wood as it keeps me from revealing my depth of skill. Attention isn't good after all, and I often hide the expanse of my Talent even from my family... I like sharp pointy objects though so I love learning to fold the metal. It's when my Squib magic Talent I got from him comes into play. Metal wants to move for me, it wants to twist and bend and obey. I don't need muscle to shape it. Just lots of fire and time and the right materials. We keep that quiet though because it's a high level of Talent that isn't normal. And my Sire has no idea how much further I hide from him. My parent's don't really want to let that be found out. Especially because I also got mother's. Yes. Magic Talents from both. It runs in the blood now, I have the family Base from both sides, and I've been experimenting with mixing potions and smithing. Most squibs have a few talents these days, even Metamorphagus is considered a Talent since enough Squibs have it but can't cast spells. All Squibs of good breeding have at least a score of Talent's these days but we don't think about most. The important ones are either the Rare or the High talent's. Those get you matched and observed. My Base is pretty high though, to the point that even if I can't paint photorealism (that means I can't do portraits) I'm kept busy enough creating stories about our "Saviour Faust'' for the little ones. I hate it. The only blessing is I'm often sent to travel to many locations, to sketch places and be told stories of the "Great Lord and Saviour of All Majick Faust'' to put into stories. There are sadly, at least a dozen to two dozen of us that do this. Even the muggle's have children raised on this now. Pretty moving picture books that tell of his grand deeds to bring magic to the magicless and modern political correctness and social reform to the barbaric lost in time magic world. Every muggle hopes to be found a long lost squib or muggleborn or have the potential to be chosen for their minds to mingle with the magicals. No one ever wonders about how Faust may have really come to power. 1984. Seriously. The very fact I've read that book and own a copy by the way, even in an era where most things are electronic as they found a way around magic impeding it..is a death sentence. I read it regularly. It's missing pages, it's still priceless. Without that book, I may have never started to think. I may have never began to wonder. I may have just accepted my number and Ranking and abandoned any hope of individuality after puberty. That was the usual. I can't tell you my parent's names because they didn't have them. They called each other pet names or usually "3920b" and "3082p". How's that for romantic? I called them Parental Units or Egg Donor or Sperm Donor, or Dam and Sire. Mother, father, all those terms were considered to be..non politically correct. You can have a partner of the same gender and not be judged unless they wish you for breeding. Even then two matched couples can form if you have a kind overseer of your matching and often double partnerships and raising of the spawn occurs. My situation was like that once. My Dam and my Dam2 were in love. My Sire and Dam2's Match were both