WARNING: SEMI-GRAPHIC DEPICTIONS OF GORE Draco stared lifelessly at the ceiling fan, listening to it hum. He squinted against the glare of headlights shining through the window blinds as the light danced momentarily across his ceiling. A brief lapse of light in his omnipresent darkness. A pale hand dared to rest on his abdomen, a frail thumb dragging shaky, shaky circles around his navel. He had an egg. In there. Inside of him. He had an egg . He'd been aware he was part veela. He had, like any witch or wizard with veela blood in their veins, come into his inheritance on his eighteenth birthday. But that had been the War. That had been bleeding and screaming and running and hiding. That had been lying and hurting and ducking and obeying. That had been his first and last prayer, the death of his hope, of his light, of his innocence. That had been starving and thinking and dreaming and thinking and drowning and thinking and thinking . And regret. That had been the War. It had been nine years since then. He was twenty-seven, and the War was still with him, still on him. It was like the smoke from his cigarettes, the way it clung to his clothes. People could tell, they could see it. See he was dying. Slowly killing himself with every drag. The War was with him, still on him, but not in him. Because in him, he had an egg. He had run off to live with the Muggles. And he was a bloody good one, because no one knew him, and no one wanted to. He was polite, but distant, so when he smoked, and when he drank, and when he raged and threw things and burned things, it was okay, because Muggles did it all the time, and as long as he cleaned up his mess and appeared apologetic by the next day, when he lied and promised to never do it again, his neighbors laughed and smiled and turned away. Because that's what it was to be a Muggle. No. Not really. That's what it was to be a human. They didn't care. The superego, the part of them that knew they should, did. It's what made them inquire after his health, his job. Was he eating okay? God, he looked awfully thin. Getting any sun? My, how pale. Was he done with that drinking business? That smoking? You know that stuff will kill you. Not faster than an Avada Kedavra. No, this was a slow burning. A gradual torture. The kind he deserved. Self inflicted. And common. Oh, so very common. He would die like anyone else, because he was just like everyone else. When he saw the homeless by the bar, when he saw the poor children selling themselves for their next meal, part of him ached, but a larger part of him wanted another drag, because he was only human. Only, he wasn't. Not really. He was a veela. He only ate things in their most natural state—fruits, uncooked vegetables. But he couldn't eat meat. He'd tried, but it was repulsive, and he thought maybe he had turned vegan, but the urge to have meat was there. And once he fucked up. It was a dog, a mangy thing. A stray. No home, no owners. It dug through his trash, making a mess worse than the raccoons, and how pathetic? It had reminded him of himself, and he'd snapped, and next thing he knew, there was hot blood running from his mouth, and distantly he could hear screaming, hear the animal shriek and wail for help. For mercy. And Merlin, the meat was divine, and his stomach growled like never before, but the dog kept kicking, looking at him with wide, terror-stricken eyes, and he'd dropped it, watched it whimper and scramble off, limping as more blood gushed from the wound where he'd bitten right beneath its ribs. The bite was large. There was no way his mouth was that large, but he could still taste the copper on his tongue, feel it sliding down his throat as he swallowed once more. Draco didn't eat meat anymore. He didn't eat much, really. He was skeletal, and Muggles were fond of baggy clothing, and he had taken to them just as well. They hid him. Hid his figure, his scars, his sins. He was just another one of them. And only when the dog stopped coming around and begging for food did the Muggles leaves their comfortable homes, wondering where the tattered creature had gone. Only after days did they leave out food for it, having just learnt that none had ever fed it because they simply assumed another would. But now, in such a crisis when their consciences were heaviest, they banned together and everyone left out food. Except Draco, because he knew it was likely dead, and the Muggles disgusted him. But he wasn't any better. Not really. He'd killed it, after all. They had all encouraged it, by starving the creature, forcing it to resort to digging out of dumpsters like Draco's for food, but he'd been the one to take the final step by killing it. He was only human. Except he wasn't. He was a veela. But Draco couldn't even sprout his wings. The Healer had initially said there was nothing inhibiting them, that he should be able, but he shouldn't try, because Mr. Malfoy, you're frightfully malnourished. Your body would not be able to withstand them. But after prodding his wand at Draco's navel, he found the ovum of Draco's egg, and realized Draco couldn't release his wings because the veela magic was focused elsewhere. His body was so weakened, all the magic was draining away to keep the egg alive, because by himself, Draco couldn't. Draco would have killed it. Not that there was anything to kill. It wasn't living. It wasn't fertilized, because Draco wasn't having sex, and hadn't been for years. The Healer had said his anus was now a cloaca, an organ found in all birds, male or female. It served as both an excretory opening, and a passage to his internal sex organs, either testes or ovaries. Draco was a male. He had a fully functioning penis and testes, so, naturally, his cloaca had the sex organs he was missing—ovaries. But it wasn't fertilized. It would never fully develop into maturity—if would simply be an egg. He was laying eggs because it was his 'mating season,' because the War was still plaguing his mind, but day by day, drink by drink, and drag by drag, it became easier to ignore, and he had done something right, something that sparked his dry, desolate ovaries into action. The Healer had asked. Have you changed your diet, Mr. Malfoy? You're still underweight, dangerously so, so it must have been recent. I would encourage this change, Mr. Malfoy, because- And Draco had pursed his lips, because he was betting it was the first meat he'd eaten since he was eighteen. That bloody dog. It felt like alchemy. The law of equivalent exchange. He took a bite of a dog, and in return, it gave him an egg. Probably his only egg, considering it would be his only meat, but still. He wondered about if he'd eaten the whole dog. Wondered about what would have happened then. And, staring at his fan, he wondered if that would have even mattered. What if it had given him the egg, and Draco had fertilized it? What if, after eating the meat, he'd felt confident—no, disillusioned enough to seek out a shag? What if some Muggle was inebriated enough that they weren't disgusted by his body, be it his bony figure or his scars, and fertilized the egg? He would have taken a dog's life, and gotten another in return? A human life, from a dog's? That couldn't be. Dogs weren't equivalent to a human's life. But it wouldn't be a human. Not really. The child would be veela. Draco wasn't human, he was veela, but he wasn't any better than the bloody dog, and wasn't that interesting? They were one and the same, except Draco had attacked it. He'd shown mercy, but had he really? Seven years. Seven years since Draco had seen another wizard, save for his discreet, back-alley sort of Healer, but Draco still carried around his wand. He could have killed the dog before he attacked it. He could have healed it before letting it go. But he'd let it run off, because he wasn't worth the magic, and nor was the dog, but the dog was like him, and he was the dog. They deserved to suffer. To scar. To die slowly, each breath bringing them closer to release. But was that his choice? Not really. Draco jerked, and the free hand, the one not over his navel, arched through the air. He threw the whiskey against the wall of his flat, watching it shatter with a sort of detached fascination, fixation, because whiskey wasn't usually his choice of liquor. It made him wallow, and think , and do stupid things, like burn off his hair, or smash the windows because he felt claustrophobic in the dark. But this time... No, this time he wanted to go out. Draco groaned, forcing himself up from his unmade bed like the dead trying to rise from a grave, because his shoulders, pointed and protruding, raised higher than his neck, than his chest, and he had to lean forward to really move forward. He didn't know if he was just drunk or if this was just his life now. The Healer was right. He was weak. Too weak to get up from bed, to put down the bottle instead of throwing it. Too weak to lay his egg, his unfertilized egg, without scarring himself, damaging his bone structure. Nothing permanent, of course, but Draco didn't have the money to pay for any treatments. He wasn't sure if he deserved any, but the whiskey and the familiar melancholy clinging to him like smoke, like fumes, like something toxic, something less toxic than him but just as fatal, convinced him he was sure of one thing. He was going out tonight. He had a dog to find. He had the little sense to pull on a jacket. He didn't zip it up, because the sun hadn't even risen yet, no one was going to see his sickly self, and he couldn't feel it, anyway. He didn't know whether that was just the alcohol, either. But he stalked the neighborhood, hands in his pockets. He began to get twitchy as the fresh night air sobered him, and he pulled out a cigarette. He also pulled out a lighter, because he couldn't even use his wand for such a menial task, anymore. He was too weak, and he didn't have the conviction to cast spells. All his thoughts were too muddled, and he was indecisive. Painfully so. He didn't know what he wanted, especially not what he needed. He acted compulsively, not impulsively, because in his own way, he did rationalize his actions. And rarely was it the right action, and he knew it wasn't, but at least it was a decision, and that's where the indecision came in. Minutes, hours, days later. He didn't know. But he had spat out his cigarette a while ago, and he was feeling the cold enough to have zipped his jacket, and the sun was just barely in the sky when Draco found the dog. Flies swarmed its carcass, the wound green and black and festering. Inflamed. The surrounding fur, ratty and dark, was caked with dried blood and maggots, which had gleefully wormed their way into the tender flesh of the dog's stomach, where Draco could now, very easily, see tens, hundreds of holes where they had burrowed in deep. And then the dog began to scream, and Draco jumped,