Potter had a tail. After the War, Seventh Years returning to Hogwarts—Eighth Years, technically—were forced to share a common House due to lack of additional space for them among their normal houses. This new House was located in an entirely new wing of the school, previously abandoned, but now the Eighth Years' primary base of operation. Boys still roomed with boys and girls roomed with girls, but this time, every two students received a room to themselves. Said rooms were much more like dorm rooms, all containing a kitchenette and private bathroom. This may have been exciting if they weren't also inter-housed, and of-bloody-course, Draco was roomed with Potter. One would expect bloodshed, yes? Even Draco had stocked up on bruise creams and cut salves, but to his surprise, Potter just seemed done. Tired of all the fighting, of all the bullshit. One look into those dead eyes and Draco knew they were one and the same. Ready to move on. And so they did. They lived in peculiar harmony for a few months. They didn't talk, so they didn't argue, and they no longer 'accidentally' brushed each other, so they never fought. By the fourth unlively month, Draco had picked up on Potter's mood swings once a month; his tension, his uncharacteristically (for the new, defeated Potter, anyway) short temper. He wondered vaguely if it was a PTSD thing, or perhaps Potter was experiencing an odd form of couvade syndrome with his girlfriend's menstrual cycle. Looking back on it, yes, it was bloody obviously lycanthropy, but he hadn't seen any other signs, so he'd been blissfully oblivious. It wasn't as though he studiously tracked the cycles of the moon in his free time, so how had he been expected to notice? Notice the werewolfishness, mind you, not Potter's drop in spirits. He was keenly aware of Potter's drop in spirit, which is why he decided to make Potter soup. He'd never cooked before in his life, but he managed to make it with a few cookbooks and maybe Granger had popped in—looking for Potter, of course—noticed him failing, and decided to do her good deed for the day and assist him. She was surprisingly civil, if not a bit tense, but by the end, she seemed to have realized he was just another hopeless teenager and was sniggering at him more than slanting him threatening looks, which was, secretly, minutely better. They were now somewhat friends, but back then, that had been a big step. Potter had returned to their shared room, sniffed, and paused. "Was Hermione here?" he'd asked. Thinking back now, Draco wondered if he'd really been smelling the soup, or actually his friend's scent. "Was," Draco verified. He walked over to the table and placed down two bowls of soup. Potter looked at the two bowls, then back at Draco, eyebrows raised in surprise. Draco, feeling a little embarrassed, hid his feelings with aggression, per usual. He crossed his arms defensively and raised his nose. "You've been being a right arse all week," he sniffed. "Granger may have said something about soup," he lied. Potter put down his bag and sat across from Draco, still staring at the bowl in wonder. "Hermione made this?" "I've never cooked in my bloody life, of course I needed help," he justified, and if he was a tad combative, no one could blame him. Potter's head snapped up, and if possible, his eyes were wider. "She helped you make this?" "She's not an altogether horrid person," Draco conceded. Potter couldn't stop smiling all dinner, and a few days later when Potter sent him a sly, knowing grin, Draco knew Potter must have found out Granger hadn't suggested it at all, he'd been the only one worrying, but couldn't find the annoyance within himself to do more than scowl and tell Potter to shut the hell up. For that, he was rewarded with laughter, but, to his credit, Potter hadn't been quite so tetchy that week. And for the next few weeks, Potter remained rather open. He talked to Draco more, which the blond found more than slightly strange, and once or twice Draco was badgered into staying up all night to help Potter catch up on the work he kept missing. Draco didn't know how he kept finding himself in these predicaments, but somewhere between Potter's shy smile and the disappointment in his eyes when he was rebuffed made Draco cave. He had a feeling Potter knew it, too, the cheeky bastard. But then there was The Night where Draco saw That Thing He Shouldn't've But Did Anyway and now couldn't forget. Potter had been passed out on the couch, a few days after the full moon. This was normal, as Potter often returned to their rooms at ungodly hours of the morning. Draco suspected his late night escapades had something to do with him never doing his work, but didn't comment on it, because Potter never asked Draco where he went every Thursday night. Draco was relieved by this, because he knew that, at this point in their relationship, he might even admit it was therapy. The War still scarred him, but after Luna Lovegood—Loonie, of all people!—had suggested Mind Healer Witterman to him, Draco had been having less nightmares and darkness-triggered panic attacks. Anyway, back to Potter. He'd been passed out on the couch, and Draco had been peculiarly thirsty that night. Naturally, he padded into the kitchen to pour himself a cup of water, and when he passed the livingroom to return to the adjoining hall, froze, because if the moonlight pouring through the window didn't deceive him and he was as awake as he thought he was, it looked an awful lot like Potter had a tail. He may have walked back into the kitchen, discarded the cup, rubbed his eyes, and blinked intensely for a few minutes only to return and find the same thing. May have crept over and lightly brushed the furry appendage with the very tips of his fingers before he believed his eyes. But, that was all it had taken for him to go sprinting back to his room and shutting the door before climbing into bed, heart racing. Draco considered flooing someone. The Headmaster? The Aurors? The... pound? His mother ? Anyone—Draco had to tell someone , didn't he? But he hesitated (a few hours, give or take a few days), expecting Potter to somehow, magically know that Draco knew, to suddenly turn on him, teeth bared and claws glinting menacingly in the disenchanting light of day, but nothing changed. Potter still made extra breakfast for Draco to discover when he awoke hours later—Potter often went for early morning runs. When did the bloke ever sleep ?—still snored obnoxiously during the night, still brushed his teeth for what could sometimes feel like hours. Nothing had changed, so Draco didn't do anything. He wondered if he should—several times a day, in fact—because werewolves were dangerous, right? Potter could be sneaking out every month to kill innocent, to smear their warm blood over his flesh—fur?—to suck on their organs and clean his teeth with their bones. But Draco couldn't imagine that any better than he could imagine Potter's friends—who had somehow grown more protective of him over the year—wouldn't have noticed, let alone allowed him to do that. Besides, Potter and McGonagall were rather close. Surely the Headmaster was aware. So Draco just kept going. Moving on. But this all changed one fateful night, as everything seemed to. It was that week during the month where Potter was his grouchy, arseholish self. Draco was, by now, used to it, and rather found himself looking forward to riling Potter up. He would make it up to him later with some new treat of some kind—he didn't even need Granger's help all the time, anymore—but until then, Draco reveled in the pleasure of so easily getting beneath Potter's skin. When Potter stormed off in a huff, Draco knew he wouldn't be back until the next morning, as always, and settled down to listen to the wireless. He took out some homework and got to work as he sang to himself, only shutting it off when he began reading into his textbooks. He was nearly done by twelve, an hour later than he usually stayed up, which is why he happened to be awake to hear the door opening. Instantly, his hand reached for his wand. Was someone breaking in? Or was it just Potter? A shadow entered the doorway, leaning against it heavily as the person—a man—grunted. Something metallic reached his nose, and Draco stiffened when recognized the scent. "Potter?" he called out carefully, wand at the ready. Draco was relatively assured it was the Gryffindor, but at the moment, it being Potter scared him even more than some stranger. Potter was covered in blood . Had he... hurt someone? Killed someone? Draco hated to doubt the man he'd been rooming with for a year, let alone the Savior, the Golden Boy, but he could clearly make out the silhouette of a tail. The man stiffened. "Draco? You're still awake?" he rasped, voice odd. "I was finishing up some work," Draco explained, unsure. "Are you... alright?" "What? I'm fine," Potter growled, but it sounded more like words spoken between grit teeth than a warning. The blood. It wasn't from some victim—it was Potter's blood. He was hurt. Immediately, Draco lowered his wand strode over, ignoring the way Potter stiffened and made a noise of protest. "Stay where you are," Draco barked at him, and Potter halted obediently as he treaded closer. "Draco, wait! I, um, I'm a mess! I just need to, uh, shower, and-" "Potter," Draco warned, finally turning on the light to illuminate the entryway. Draco got a good look at Potter, who was covered from head to toe in scratches and splotches of blood. "What the fuck did you do ? Come on," Draco hissed, slamming the door behind them, making Potter jump in alarm, before turning on his heel and stomping towards the bathroom. He trusted Potter to follow, and with only slight trepidation, he did. Draco patted the counter and Potter, gawking at him the whole time, hopped up. Draco withdrew his wand and with perfectly aimed scourgifies began cleaning Potter's left arm, a concentrated frown on his face. As the blood disappeared, the cuts looked more like claw marks. Draco skimmed his hands quickly, wrinkling his nose in disgust at Potter's long, sharp nails dirtied with skin and blood and who knew what else beneath them, before moving onto his other arm. "Take off your shirt," Draco commanded after cleaning both arms. Potter did so obediently, grimacing as he jostled his wounds with the movements, but he didn't complain. Didn't make a sound. Potter had distinctly new scarring encircling the space where his neck met his shoulder, little silvery marks like teeth marks. Draco had no doubt they were. Draco ignored the way Potter watched him as he worked. There were bound to be questions, questions Draco didn't feel like asking or answering. There was a long gash along Potter's stomach, and Draco halted. "This one will need a bandage," he announced, absentmindedly running his thumb along the outside of the cut. Skin trembled beneath his fingers, and Draco was reminded his roommate was in pain. Regathering himself, he began rooting around for some bandages, and after giving up and snapping an impatient accio , he was pleased to find a roll of clean bandages in his hand. "First I'm going to administer a strong sticking charm, and when the wound is sufficiently closed, I'll apply the bandage. This is going to sting a bit," he warned. Potter merely nodded, face grim, and his sharp inhale when Draco applied the charm made the blond's initial annoyance with Potter and his dangerous shenanigans morph into worry. He whispered a numbing charm even though most of the pain was over,