Draco Malfoy stormed into Dumbledore's office with ire radiating off his person in toxic waves. Professors with the intention to stop or even retard his objective were dealt a swift snarl and glower as he roughly shoved passed anyone in his way. "Headmaster," the blond growled, eyes flashing dangerously. "For Godric's sake, do not attempt to persuade me that this is the best you can do." "Mr Malfoy," Professor McGonagall began, but snapped her jaw shut when he whirled on her, expression feral. She glared at him with open incredulity. He raised his brows and stared her down. When her eyes uncertainty flickered down and away from his, Draco turned back on his primary target. "This will not do," he hissed when it appeared the Headmaster was content to merely watch him. "This isn't a school anymore, but a base of operation for this sodding War . I will not risk my life, let alone those of my loved ones, for whatever you're hoping will magically happen. Longbottom isn't going to work." "Mr Malfoy," Dumbledore began in that calm, antagonizing voice that set Draco's teeth grinding. "The prophecy-" "Bullshit," Malfoy snapped, ignoring McGonagall when the old bat made a face as though to reprimand him. He wasn't bloody finished. "I'm tired of hearing about this god awful prophecy, because at this point, set me on Voldemort. Even I would stand a better chance than herbalist, pacifist, weak, meek Longbottom ." When the Headmaster merely watched him again, Draco visibly reigned in his anger to continue as calmly as possible—with his jaw clenched and his fists even moreso. "He can't fight," Malfoy ground out, "not enough to win, anyway. He lacks killing intent. He can't use his wand for much for than defensive spells, and the darker arts disturb him to the point of illness. Not to mention that he can barely follow orders, let alone lead an army . I've been training him for months ," Draco stressed, "since the start of 'school', and even before then. He's learning, admittedly, but dangerously slowly. Either he needs even more incentive than, say, the macabre death of all we hold dear in this beautiful world we barely know, or he simply cannot and will not be ready in time. The war is in a few more months, and we just have time to find another Savior, if we move swiftly." McGonagall gaped at him openly. "What you're suggesting is absurd !" She spat the word as if it should hurt, as if her opinion should matter to him. "There's simply no time to train an entirely new Savior!" Malfoy rolled his eyes candidly. "With the right Dark spells, the new one won't even need full training, should they prove as inept as Longbottom. They just need to be able to follow sodding orders ." "And who is they ?" McGonagall quipped, pressing her thin lips together smugly. "There is simply no other-" "There must be," Draco argued, "there must be someone -" "And you're simply going to abandon Longbottom," McGonagall asked, voice snide. "I'm not abandoning anyone," Draco hissed. "I've been driven to this because I won't abandon anyone. In order to save everyone , we need a new Savior. Longbottom cannot do it alone." "Mr Malfoy," Dumbledore interrupted politely. The blond gave the wizard his undivided attention. "There is another." Draco gawked. McGonagall blanched. "Who?" Malfoy whispered, taking an unconscious, ambitious step forward. His eyes were bright, open. All threat slipped from around the boy like armor fitted precariously to a form two sizes too small. "Harry Potter," said the Headmaster. "Harry Potter?" McGonagall parroted skeptically. "Harry Potter," Draco breathed, and simply the name left sparks along his tongue, a buzzing in his ears. "Where is he? Where can I find him?" "How old is he, you mean," McGonagall cut in primly. "War or not, I refuse to sweep some toddler away from his home-" "There won't be a home if we don't win this War," Draco cut in snidely, though he silently agreed. As impressionable as younguns were, as easy as it would be to puppet the child into their favor, Malfoys weren't murderers. "He's amongst the Muggles, I believe," Dumbledore said. And then he shrugged, scratching as his beard as he pursed a lip in thought. "Muggleborn?" Draco asked, surprised. "No," the Headmaster said. Draco frowned. "What do you mean, 'no'?" "He was born from Lily and James Potter, of course, both of whom were wizards." "Then why is he among Muggles-" Draco felt horror dawn on him just as understanding did. "He doesn't know he's a wizard," McGonagall said hollowly, and her eyes, usually alive with either passion or annoyance, dulled. She had hoped, just as Malfoy. She had dared to hope. "Why, there is still hope, my boy," Dumbledore assured in usual, jolly way. Draco wanted to smack him. "What do you mean?" he ground out. It was a physical effort not to let any curses slip from between his lips at the barmy old coot. "He's powerful," the Headmaster said simply, but his eyes lost their jovial twinkle. When he leaned forward, an ominous shadow fell across his startlingly humorless features. "He must know he's not normal, even if he doesn't know exactly what he is. With the correct guide, I'm sure Mr Potter could be persuaded to save the world he's always dreamt of." Draco felt an illicit shiver travel down his spine. "You knew of this boy and never...?" "Surely you haven't been... planning this, Albus." McGonagall chuckled nervously. "Of course not." Dumbledore laughed, but there was something off. Something dark. Draco took a cautionary step back from the man, and the Headmaster abruptly sobered, eyeing the blond intently. McGonagall cleared her throat and shuffled her feet anxiously. "How old is he, Albus?" "Eighteen, just as young Mr Malfoy, here." "And where is he, exactly?" Draco asked slowly. "How can I find him?" The Headmaster smiled. "Why, his High School, of course." "This is insane," Theodore Nott hissed as he tugged his hat further down his face. "I can't believe you're actually doing this." Draco nodded in silent agreement as he tugged at his Muggle clothes with distaste. "Either way," he began grudgingly, "it will surely be a riveting tale to go down in history when I end up winning us the War." Nott eyed him dubiously. "You really think this will work? Malfoy, this kid won't even know what wands are ." The blond sighed solemnly. "Well, it's our best chance, isn't it?" "Neville might-" "Theo." "Okay, fine," Nott huffed, "but he'll at least stand a chance . We'll at least go down fighting." "If I have anything to say about it, we won't go down at all." And with that prophetic declaration hanging in the air, Draco Malfoy walked into Little Whinging High School. Theodore watched him go before shaking his head, casting a Repello Muggletum charm, and mounting his broom to return to Hogwarts, where he would remain until summoned. Inside the school, Draco didn't know where to look, exactly, but assured himself that even Muggles must have some sort of administrative office in their educational edifices. Deciding that was the best course of action, Malfoy tapped on the shoulder of the nearest Muggle. The boy stopped in his laughing with his friends to turn and give the blond a sneer. "What do you want?" he spat. Draco raised his eyebrows, alarmed by the unwarranted hostility. "Where is the nearest administrative office?" he asked as politely as he could manage. The boy sniggered. "The office? It's in the front of the school." "Yes, well, I seem to be a bit lost. Would you mind pointing me in the 'front' direction? Your assistance would be much appreciated." The boy raised an eyebrow. "You're taking the piss, yeah?" "I am, regrettably, genuinely this directionless." With a roll of his eyes, the boy pointed him down a hallway. "S'down there. It shouldn't be hard to find." Draco nodded at him. "Thank you." And then he was on his way. Some Muggles stared as he strode by in characteristic, Malfoy fashion, but Draco paid them no mind. They were meaningless to him, to his objective. When he spotted an office occupied by adults shuffling important-looking papers and sitting behind important-looking desks, he assumed he'd found the right one. He walked right in, and when the door slammed shut behind him, he was just as startled as the adults. Did they not have charms for that? Ah, yes. Muggles. "I apologize for the disturbance," he began, not bothering with informalities, because he was a man on a mission. "I'm searching for one Harry Potter." The adults shared looks with one another. Draco raised an eyebrow. "He does attend this establishment, yes?" "Who are you, exactly?" one woman asked. "His cousin," Draco lied. "Good old Auntie said I ought to just stop by and pick him up from school, you see. Family emergency, and all of that." "Uh huh," the woman intoned, doubt written across her visage. "And what is your name?" "Draco-" Fuck. "Dursley. Draco Dursley." Merlin, that sounded disturbing. "Harry Potter doesn't have any cousins other than Dudley Dursley listed on his file," someone from the back hollered. "I'm a recent addition," Draco continued flawlessly. "We weren't alerted of-" "Very recent," Draco reiterated, narrowing his eyes. A few of the staff shifted nervously. "Mrs or Mr Dursley would have called-" "It's an emergency!" Draco snapped, and a few Muggles visibly flinched back. "I don't have time to waste, so if you would be so kind as to show me to my cousin , I would not be ungrateful." "We can't just-" With an impatient snarl, Draco brandished his wand and shut the blinds on the office windows with a flick, followed by a swift Obviate to the Muggles and afterwards casting an Imperio to one in particular. Yes, he was breaking all kinds of wizarding law, but this was for the greater good, dammit. "Show me to Harry Potter," he hissed. When the Imperioed office member threw open the door to a seemingly random classroom, Draco trusted the balding man had made the correct choice and stepped in. "Um," began the eloquent professor, adjusting her glasses and tucking auburn curls behind her ear. "Who is this?" "Draco Malfoy," the blond introduced himself smoothly, stepping up to her and holding out a hand. The class giggled, and Draco turned his head to raise an eyebrow at them. When he felt a wary hand take his own, he returned his attention to the woman and smiled amiably. "I apologize for the unexpected interruption, but it seems I am to be put in this class, as of today." The woman furrowed thin eyebrows. "Are you transferring from another English class?" "From another school, more like," he replied while releasing her hand. Her eyes widened, eyebrows ascending to her hairline. "Oh! Why-" She turned to the hazy-eyed man still loitering by the door. "Why wasn't I alerted of this transfer beforehand?" "It was unexpected," the blond explained, still smiling. "How could it be-" "Desperate times call for desperate measures," he supplied vaguely. "I don't see how-" Draco's smile remained, but took a decidedly dark turn. She halted in her rebuttal at the sight of it. "I'm sure I could discuss it with you after class, if that would be preferred, Miss." "A-alright," she murmured, eyeing him warily before turning back to the class who had been watching the exchange with avid curiosity. "Class, please welcome Draco. Draco, dear, why don't you take the empty seat in the back." He nodded obediently, but as he walked down the aisle, he waved his wand—disguised in the sleeve of his jacket—in the direction of the man at the door. Said man stiffened and straightened up, glancing around the classroom in a startled, frazzled manner before quickly apologizing for the interruption and fleeing. The blond scoffed at the show before returning his attention