The revenge of a Magical Lord Some unplottable Island Manor. Somewhere within the United Kingdom. July 30th, 2010 11:50 pm with a full moon. A black haired man within a very large hall is working on a large rune array, he is using a device to carve the runes on the stone floor, after a few hours this man is just about to finish with the last line, he looks up to see the many people tied up on the floor, the man starts to laugh madly as he looks around at his prisoners. All one hundred of them as he carves the last line on the stone, he throws the carving device across the room, he walks over to a table where a leaf blower is set upon, he picks it up starts the engine as the leaf blower came to life, he waves his hand to open the windows on the other side of the room. As he starts to blow off the large carved area when he starts laughing madly as the dust and stone pieces are hitting the prisoners. When the rune array was good and cleaned off, he turns off the leaf blower and set it back on the table, he waves his hand around the room to clear the dust. "WOOD ELVES!" he yells and one hundred elves pop within the room, he looks around at the wood elves. "Prepare the prisoners." This man grabs a knife from the table and looks at it as he walks over to one prisoner with red hair, just as the wood elf grabs the redhead man off the floor. He slowly bends over to the redhead man and looks deep into the redhead's eyes as the black haired man slit the redhead man's throat, a woman starts to cry as her husband starts bleeding out. He did the same with the woman crying next to the now dead redhead, he did this to all one hundred of the prisoners when the last throat was cut, he walks back over to the table and cleans off the knife, he set it down on the table. The man looks at the watch on his left arm to see he only has minutes left to grab his stuff off the table and get to the middle of the array. When the rune array is starting to glow a bright white the man stands in the middle of the rune array with a full moon over head, as the runes are glowing brighter, with a flash and he was gone. "Good luck Harry Potter," an older wood elf said to himself. The same unplottable Island Manor. Somewhere within the United Kingdom. August 1st, 12:01 am 1985. Inside this Manor within the same great hall, a spot on the stone floor starts to glow a bright white light as it got brighter there is a flash and Harry Potter is standing there as one hundred wood elves pop into the great hall, as he falls to the floor. The king of the wood elf walks over to the black haired man. "Take him, our shape-shifter has come to us." The wood elf king orders. It took hours for Harry to wake as the elves took care of him, all of the scars were healed even the lightning shaped scar on his forehead is now gone, the now thirty-year-old man starts to shift into many people that Harry thought were his friends, a small smile forms on his face as he woke. "Stay still young one, your body is still changing. Can you control your changing to your true form." The female wood elf said to him. "I think, I can now," Harry replies slowly, his body slowly changes to his true form. Harry sat up on the edge of the bed and slowly stood up, wow that trip took a lot out of me Harry thought to himself as he looks around the room he was in. "Lord Peverell, how are you feeling, you have been sleeping for almost four hours." The king of the wood elves asked when the king places his hand on Harry's shoulder to steady him. "Thanks, I feel better now and hungry. I need to get to my younger self soon, I can feel the pull on my soul." Harry replies as he knew this would happen, his friend the king of the wood elves explained about being transported through time. "Yes, come we have food ready for you." The wood elf king spoke this to him quickly. Soon after Harry ate, he transports to a place he hated with a passion. As quickly as he left the manor he is now in front of the THAT cupboard under the stairs. Harry takes in a deep breath before he places a silencing charm on the top floor and well the whole house. When he opens the cupboard to see his younger self-laying there in pain holding his broken arm close to his chest, five-year-old Harry looks up to see a man standing there as he watches the man kneel down. "Who are..." Young Harry starts to say before to older man cut him off. "Not now Harry, but soon you will know. I will fix your arm and your scars." Older Harry tells his younger self as he waves his hand over five-year-old Harry. All of young Harry's scars are now gone, but one, the Lightning Scar on the boy's forehead. Older Harry quickly sends a spell he learned from the Goblin's to rip the small soul shard out of his younger self, a loud scream fills the air as the lightning scar broke open and young Harry starts to scream out with pain. Older Harry quickly heals the cut, young Harry looks to the older man with bright green eyes that look just like his own, young Harry wipes away his tears with his blanket as he sat there crying. "I am, sorry for the pain Harry, it was unavoidable. Now, when I touch you we will blend together as you know I am your older self, now come out from that cupboard." Older Harry said this to his younger self firmly as he stands up. Five-year-old Harry walks out of the cupboard and stands next to his older self without a word. "Now, my clothes and everything I have with me will fall to the floor, you are a shape-shifter Harry...oh bloody hell, I just about forgot the last part, your bindings." Older Harry waves his hand over young Harry to remove all of the bindings, that old megalomaniac bastard placed on baby Harry. Young Harry felt a heavy weight lift from himself, a great power fills his small body that starts to change to a so called normal size for a five-year-old. Young Harry took off the crappy glasses from his face and threw them into the cupboard. "Thank you, I can see very well now, I feel better too. You are me, but older you look good we look good." Five-year-old Harry said in his small voice now he just stands there with a big smile on his face looking up to his older self. Older Harry placed a finger on the middle part of younger Harry's forehead, five-year-old Harry starts to glow a bright golden color as older Harry fades away with a flash, his clothes fall to the floor. When the light fades away Harry grew to the form of his older self, the clothes younger Harry had on are torn off his body, he falls to his knees grabbing his head with his hands, as the memories fill his head. After a few minutes, Harry dressed in the clothes, five-year-old Harry now looking thirty stood there with a look of determination and a plan, he closed the cupboard door after placing a clone of himself inside, his older self-brought with him. Harry moves up the stairs to the bedroom of his aunt Petunia and her husband Vernon, as he stands there, he pulls out a nine-milometer with a suppressor on it. He then opens a pocket and grabs the magazine, that is full of magical ammo, he slaps it inside the grip of the gun with a small sound of a click to let him know it is locked in. Harry pulls back slide to chamber a round, he sent a silencing charm on Dudley's room before opening the door to his aunt's room. Harry, took his time making the house look like a robbery with the murder of the Dursleys. He cleans out Vernon's safe that had about six hundred thousand pounds, passports, deed to the house and other important papers. None of Petunia's jewelry are worth anything, but her wedding ring is, Harry vanished it along with all the televisions from the house and Vernon's car from the garage, he kept the money. The last thing to do is, shoot two rounds into the clone of himself, with that he transports out just before the old fool apparates into the house. Albus Dumbledore slowly walks over to the open cupboard to see a bloody mess of a boy he thought safe, he wraps up the small boy in the blue blanket a sound of sirens are getting louder, Albus waves his wand to clean out the cupboard he left it with jackets hanging inside and removes the coat stand next to the door. With a small pop, Albus Dumbledore with the small body in his arms apparates out, as the police push open the front door that Harry left open just enough to set off the alarm. Harry transports himself to Gringotts it's only about five in the morning as Harry walks up the stairs to the bank to see two guards open the double door for him, Harry gives a nod to both Goblin guards. As Harry walks up to the only Goblin sitting there working at the desk on a raised platform with a door opening behind, out walks a Goblin, the other Harry knew all too well from his time, the Goblin King Ragnuk walks around the desk. "You, with me shape-shifter," Ragnuk orders as he points to Harry with a turn he starts to walk back to the door with Harry following. King Ragnuk the first sits at his desk sipping on his hot tea with Harry sitting across from the Goblin drinking the stuff called butterbeer, he is watching King Ragnuk drinking the tea waiting for the Goblin to start the conversation. King Ragnuk, places his tea down then he pulls a drawer open takes out a dagger and parchment he sets it in front of himself. "Now shape-shifter, you will cut your palm, let ten drops of your blood onto this parchment to see who you really are." Harry vanishes the empty bottle then stands up, walks over to the desk he looks at the dagger and grabs it, to slice his palm open so ten drops of his blood hit the parchment, as the last drop hits the parchment writing starts to form. Harrison James Potter Peverell Father: James Charlus Potter (dead) Mother: Lily Rose Potter nee Evans(dead) Godfather: Sirius Orion Black (Prisoner of Azkaban)unlawfully Godmother: Alice Longbottom nee Woods (Partial Magical Coma by potions) Heir to The Most Noble and Very Ancient House of Potter. Heir to The Most Noble and Very Ancient House of Peverell. The heir apparent to The Most Noble and Ancient House of Black. Number of Main Vaults: Six Trust Vault 1000 Galleons vault key has been destroyed. All other Potter and Peverell vaults are on locked down, can still receive funds as per Lord Potter. Vaults ledger only available upon request by person and blood. This is all Harry could make out as he is trying to read the parchment upside down when King Ragnuk picks up the parchment to read it, as Ragnuk place it on the desk he looks to Harrison Potter Peverell.