It was a cold day in October. The forecast was warm and sunny that afternoon, a rare sixty-seven degrees Fahrenheit… It was too good to be true. Icy sheets of rain poured from the pale gray sky. It streamed from the dark windows and careened down the gutters, freezing in the streets where the squealing tires didn't touch. Sleet spattered the sidewalks and clung to streetlights where they hung suspended over the wet tarvy. It dripped from the overpass and melted in the roaring traffic, shot from the flying windshield wipers in sprays. For two tires less than four, the freezing asphalt was perilous. It was a 2013 Toyota sports bike, an older model, already filthy and wet. Ice clung to the exhaust, making the quiet roar a sputter. True, trusting the radio forecast was a mistake…But a chance to get out one last time before winter? It was impossible to resist. Now she struggled for control, easing the throttle to a tentative forty…forty-five… fifty. Traffic waited for no one. It was a constant hum, a never ending thrum of engines that meant the people of Minneapolis were busy, going home. Even in the rain, downtown rush hour was a stream of moving feet and voices. The city was a mass of lifeforms living together and alone. The periodic horn meant they were impatient and angry, frustrated at the cold and the rain. It upset their schedule. It slowed them down. If one thing was unforgivable in the city, it was going forty in a fifty mile-an-hour zone. Not only that, but more dangerous than the ice. So she dove from side to side, lane to lane, signaling sometimes, sometimes not, dodging pools and freezing spots. The rain streaked down her helmet and soaked her jeans, slipped down the zipped leather jacket and shattered in steaming gusts off the exhaust. It was Kristy Anderson. Suddenly, a squad of police cars screamed past, and from behind a rain streaked visor, she glanced up. They flashed and squealed, red on blue and she grimaced. What … more? The city was on high alert already, said the news bulletins. They were looking for something…for someone. An escaped convict maybe, a criminal. State patrol were on every block. The newscasters had an absolute hay day. Supposedly, it was all thanks to some powerful 'electric storm', they called it, just a few hours north. Power lines outside the cities were down. Houses were destroyed. Maybe whoever it was escaped in the chaos… Who knew? For the last two days, army trucks drove north and they manned road blocks at all exits and highways leading out of the city, downtown, and to the suburbs, demanding identification. What happened in this 'storm' everyone was talking about? Were they in danger from this something, or maybe a someone? Kristy didn't know. Frankly, she didn't care. The police needed something to keep them busy. She kept herself busy by taking every alley, underpass, and freeway unguarded to keep from stopping. On these roads, it was too hard to halt, find her driver's license, and start up again without tipping the bike. Especially not for something so silly as a roadblock. She was already on the final stretch home… And suddenly, the phone buzzed against her leg. Kristy struggled not to slip out in surprise; the car behind her was edging so close she could see the swinging beanie babies in the back mirror. And then her phone bleeped dismally and cut out. Kristy cursed. It was the last of its battery life! The exit was coming up fast and she swerved onto the off ramp. It led into the city. Buildings scratched at the sky and she turned onto a two-lane backstreet, leaving most of them behind. Work ended early today; it was three o'clock. In a couple hours, dark would fall and she didn't like riding at night. Ahead in the distance was a towering collage of apartment complexes, brick, steel and glass all gray in the cloudy light. That was home. And then she saw him. Instantly, she hit the breaks and the speedometer shot from fifty to twenty. There was a man in the road. There wasn't time! He didn't move. A pick-up roared past, horn blaring, and he staggered back, dizzy. Move! Why didn't he move? He just stood there, hands at his sides, head thrown back and staring into the rain. Water streamed from his chin and… In the midst of the busy streets, a man looked from side to side, not at…but through. His eyes were empty and full. They saw trees of steel and glass. They climbed over his head like great, clawing giants. They were monsters. They were ugly and ominous. They blocked the sky from his searching eyes. He saw people, faces and eyes in machines that roared, honked, screeched, squealed. They shouted at him, things he couldn't understand. He'd wandered…wandered so long. Time, night, day meant nothing. He couldn't remember. They blurred and vanished. Cold flashes shivered through his body and left him huddled against a freezing wall. Flashes of hot, fevered agony left him dizzy and made him disoriented, confused. He could not understand. He could not remember. There was only…this. He lifted his eyes, staring up into freezing rain. He was so cold his fingers were numb. He was hungry and wet; he drank the rain for his thirst. Why was this happening? Was there no one to answer him, talk to him in a tongue he knew? No one to take him and tell him who he was, where he was, what came of him? Or maybe this was his life, wandering…sick, muttled. Maybe this was the world: people who did not know, did not try. People who didn't understand him and didn't care to. People who walked in droves, moved in growling beasts of steel. Why was this happening? He staggered off a curb and stopped, tilting his head back in the falling rain. It ran through his hair and streamed down his face, chilled him to the core. Was he punished for some misdeed in a past life? He didn't know… He didn't remember. And suddenly, the blare of a horn shook his dizzy reverie. "Get off the road, you idiot!" Someone shouted. He backed away, confused. What was this language? Why could he not just focus, make himself understand, make himself see? But the syllables made no sense. Bits and pieces seemed to form words, but even these garbled together in his fuzzy ears. He couldn't see or even think… And then, the world spun out. He turned his head instantly, just long enough to look through a wet shield of glass and into a black, helmeted face. But it was too late. He didn't move. He didn't want to. A screech shuddered through the black tires and marked the pavement, trying to stop, swerve around him. But there was ice and she slammed into him. The handlebar clipped his side so hard he flew back with a grunt of pain and surprise. Cement hit the back of his head and he gasped, stunned. Suddenly, the crash of steel on pavement flipped into a blur, and he pushed himself over, staring as the bike skidded to a stop and the person atop it was thrown to the ground. Kristy's head cracked against the pavement and a snap broke from her helmet. She tumbled to a stop. "Oh God…" came a gasp, but the man didn't understand. He just watched, dazed, clenching his fists in the cold. An instant passed, and Kristy screwed her eyes shut tight, expecting agonizing pain to shoot up her spine. She waited for the sound of snapping bones or the wet, warm feeling of blood to seep through her clothes. The only wet that came was the splash of dirty water shooting from the gutter as a car swerved and stomped on the gas, before flying away. She was crumpled face down. The traffic avoided her legs in the street until she crawled to the curb. "Oh, God…I'm dead." She grunted, fogging the inside of her cracked visor, before grimacing, pulling the strap loose. She yanked the helmet off and hair tumbled into her face, gasping wet clear air. Alive! She looked up and then, panting, she froze. "My God…" The man. Kristy whipped her head around, "Oh. Oh, no." He was down, boots in the streaming gutter. Water gushed over him and he stared at something blankly, shivering, gasping. She scrambled over as fast as she could on shaking limbs. Kristy wasn't hurt…She couldn't believe it, but she could feel it. She was alive! "Are you all right?!" Kristy rasped, coughing violently, before pushing wet hair out of her face to see better. "Sir! Are you all right? I'm s-so sorry! I didn't see you. I-I…" and she trailed off, panting. The man was on his arm now, coughing, pulling himself stumbling onto the sidewalk. She touched his back, offering useless support. His boots slipped out and he collapsed, still coughing. Long, wet blonde hair spilled down his shoulders. Keen blue eyes, foggy and gray in the light, peered past her and down the busy street, as if searching for something, anything, desperately. His mouth was clamped in a stony white line…shivering. She'd never seen anyone like him. He was…he was different. "S-sir? Are you hurt?" Kristy asked softer, touching his shoulder. "Do I need to call the police?" He looked at her then. He had to move…walk, find where he needed to go, who he needed to talk to. But he paused. The human was still here. She was not shouting at him, not pushing past. She was leaning close, touching his arm, asking…something. Why couldn't he think? Why could he not just see her face? It was blurry, like a foggy window. All he could hear was the distant roar of vehicles and the windy rain, the pain in his chest. "Please! Just tell me if you're hurt !" She pleaded, shaking miserably. She was realizing just how close she came to the accident, a real accident. How she could have dragged down the street with her bike, slammed into the telephone pole, twisted and snapped instead of jumping free. It left her shaking and tears streamed down her face. "My phone's dead, but I-I can call an ambulance…or something. I can-I can call the police. Please tell me what to do!" She crouched on the wet pavement, and glances threw their way from the couple across the street. Traffic went on as before. Life was too busy to stop. The two were up and talking... Obviously they were fine. Obviously they didn't need the help of a stranger, the man taking his dog home, the woman late for a business meeting. They scurried on as they had before. "They're g-going to ask for identification and-and social security number, and insurance cards. Do you have them?" she dug around in her own pockets, coming up with a billfold. They tumbled through her head and she forced herself to take control, to focus. The police were supposed to be told about all accidents…no matter how minor. She knew that. But her phone was dead! And the police were so hyped on this 'storm' thing. Should she ask someone to call for her? Kristy struggled to show her billfold to the man, pointing at it, and he just pushed away. He slipped once, but he made it. She didn't know if it was from the pavement or violent coughs, but one of his hands were bloody. Kristy reached out and scrambled after him; he didn't need her. He was against a street sign, supporting himself. Oh, what am I supposed to do now ? Kristy thought desperately. He doesn't understand. The man just stood there, hunched, gripping his bleeding fists. "Come on. Listen to me." She shook her head, standing before him. "Can you walk? Can you get