Boom... Boom. Boom. I listen to the drums with dread. They mean victory. They mean death. Boom. Boom. They've caught something. They have it and they're returning with it. At dusk, between unfettered dawn and the blackness of night, I wonder what poor creature they've managed to catch now. Boom. I turn, peering through the canopy sheltering my seat. "Mes'cala! Mes'cala!" I don't answer. It's not my job to answer. I sit and wait to be told. Braids and feathers burst through the tangle of leaves. I jump in surprise, but she doesn't see. She dives to the ground, knees in the earth. Dirty nails slap flat in the dirt, panting so her ribs heave. "Speak." I say carefully in the tongue she understands. The sharp ridge of her spine straightens under midnight skin. A flurry of gasping, jumbled words fly from the woman's mouth: something about a man, traps, the hunters. Panic races through my chest. … Before I can command her to slow down, enough to make sense, the camp stirs to life. I see them break through the treeline, Chiktata warriors. The chief of them, my second in command is a massive, brawny man and he crashes through first. The whites of his black eyes flash in the light and his full lips are a savage grimace. Scars crisscross his shirtless torso in patterns, in slashes, in rows down his arms like a flayed fish. They are proof of his challengers, of his victories. He is Asad. He is the holder of my secret. "Mes'cala." I raise a hand even as his warriors break through the trees, signaling them stop. With a feral snarl, bearing his filed teeth, he approaches the pedestal alone. "We have brought tribute for Faaruq!" I don't cringe. I don't let it flicker through my eyes. Faaruq is Festival of Blood. They destroy a revered and rare animal, shot by the best bowman, burnt, and then consumed. Sometimes it's an unlucky slave. They pay homage to Triá , God of the fight. "Let me see it." I speak quietly for the first time, shaded under a canopy of feathers. With a flick of his head, they bring it out. And then, with a blink of shock, I find the creature is not an 'it'. It is a he. "Who is this?" I ask sharply. Fear shoots through my fingers and they clench into white fists. "He is not Chiktata." Asad lifts his chin, letting his shaved head gleam in the faint light. I don't know if it's a challenge, a sneer, or just to show the double row of finger bones stabbed through his ears, knit in his throat, dangling from a chain around his massive neck. Each bone was a Chiktata stupid enough to challenge him. "He is a potential rival for your thrown, Mes'cala ." He says the name with thick disdain, like he can barely choke it out. "Look at him." So I do. The warriors drag a limp, bloodied body forward and their dark shoulders part to reveal a man. I narrow my eyes. Long, pale blonde tresses spill down his face and they drop him to the ground. Blood. I get to my feet slowly, glancing around the breathless onlookers. Carefully, I descend the stair, beads swishing in tinks and rustles against my legs. I crouch down next to him…before touching his still form in the dirt, graze black nails over his lean muscular back, his blood-stained arms…bruised knuckles. This is bad. There was a fight. "Where did you get him?" I mutter just so Asad can hear. "A noose trap on the outskirts of the valley." I shake my head slowly. Of course. The traps are everywhere. They keep souls like me in as much as intruders out. "And why is he this…rival you speak of?" Asad snaps his fingers and the warriors grab him, before yanking him upright. I look up in surprise. "His ears…" I freeze. They are pointed. How can they be pointed? That's not possible! "Why did you bring him here?" I hiss fiercely. I stand up and whirl on Asad, spluttering. "You expect this man to be…F-faaruq?" He glances around, before lifting a metal studded brow. His voice drops and he steps close. I fight not to lean away from the foul stench of his breath, like rotting fish, but I can't help it. "He is a child of the gods. How would you like him to speak to the Chiktata about himself?" My heart drops. He is the holder of my secret. He's right. If the man lives, fights, discredits me…it could be the end. I've lied to them, pretended to be something I'm not. I'll burn in their fires. A sick pit forms in my stomach, and I look away. The Chiktata are a brutal and merciless tribe, guided by fierce superstition and traditions banked in fear. I'm their queen because I can't escape. I'm bound by their laws because I'm a daughter of the Gods. Anything less than 'godly' would break that façade. "He…he can't." I whisper. "You are right." And he smiles. "Thus … under your divine will, I will subdue and rid us of this intruder, reinstating dominance over all Chiktata and this 'son of the Gods' too." I bite down on my tongue, drawing blood. "Yes." I whisper faintly. He doesn't answer, not a word. His approving nod is enough. And suddenly, Asad steps around me to shout in a harsh, booming voice. "Build the fires. Ready the feast! We have meat!" . . . . . . Boom… Boom. I clutch the bark of two trees in a death grip, trying to breathe. I can't. All I see is a man…black with blood, unrecognizable, unconscious. I try to keep the memory down, but it won't be kept there. I've tried all day, every minute of today. But I can't. "Hail, Mes'cala!" I look away, wishing I was anywhere but here. The flames are hot and they lap viciously at my skin. They make the traditional, suffocating makeup feel sticky and burning on my face. At least it won't be skin. I tell myself over and over; I won't burn. But I can't stand this torment. I can't stand another death…not the man in the dirt, bloody and helpless. I won't. "Asad!" I hiss, delaying preparing for the ceremony. My throne is empty. " Asad!" I look around, searching frantically. Wild boar turn slowly on skinned spits, roasting on the flames. Chiktata are everywhere, leaping, shouting, drinking. The steady boom boom of the drums drives them wild. Tonight is bloody and it makes them mad. And suddenly a massive, bare back turns in my direction. "Come here." I command, refusing to let the sight of his bared, filed teeth intimidate me. Not this time. This time I can't. "Why are you not in your throne, Mes'cala ?" He spits out the word. It makes me wince; he hates it. He knows it's not mine. "Because I have to talk to you." I shrink back in the shadows, very unqueenly and very un-godly panting. He folds his arms, jerking his mouth on one side…a question, or a challenge, I think. "You must not aim true." I say without hesitation, shaking so hard I know he sees. He drags his eyes up and down my form, taking me in. He knows what terror looks like. He's seen it enough. Why can't I just push it down? Why does it control me? "Do you hear me?" I insist more powerfully. "You must not strike true!" "Why?" I stare at him, before straightening my spine, lifting my chin. Maybe he will listen like this. Maybe nine years of experience, nine years of leading a people blind will make him listen. "Because I tell you to." Apparently not. "What…" he says scornfully. His voice is deep and thick, heavily accented, so low I feel the ground tremble under my feet. "…will you dazzle me with a magic light? Terrify me with tricks and smoke like an old medicine man?" I swallow. "Do not forget Mes'cala, who leads these people ." "I do." " You are a hapless woman!" he snaps, "You sit on a throne! You fooled my people with your tricks and sorcery. I lead them." I clench my fists, staring at him, so furious I feel the smolder in my blood. "It was not you who defeated the Haradrim chieftain, Asad. Don't forget it." I say quietly. "You'd be sailing to fight some worthless war in the north, if it weren't for me-" "- I, " Asad bolts forward a step, so fast I stumble backward. " I would have defeated him in the manner of Chiktata, with blood and victory! Now because of you and your worthless magic, my people run like frightened rabbits before them." "Can I help it I was out of blanks?" I shoot back desperately. "And how long do you think they'd let us alone if we'd actually killed their chieftain?" "My people will feast on blood tonight." He growls fiercely. And then, Asad draws himself to his full height: two meters of scarred, dark muscle. He towers over me, blacking out the fire's light and throwing me in shadow. "Not empty promises of peace. That invader will die, and under my arrow." "You can't!" But he can. He knows he can. His smile says so. I flex my fingers, wishing so badly for a knife… a knife to plunge through his foul, black heart. I wish he weren't strong enough to stop me. I wish it was his, not innocent blood I dip my hands into every Faaruq. I don't have a choice. Unless… unless I can think of something to offer. I look down, searching for something to say…anything, before gritting my teeth. I can't let him die. I have to talk to him. I have to know what he is, who he is…so I can know myself. "If you'll spare him, I-I will repay you." His dark eyes gleam. "How would you do that?" "I…" I look down, heart hammering in my ears. I'm desperate and he knows it. "I'll give you my gun." He just laughs. "Then what do you want?" I shake my head. "You know what I want, Mes'cala ." he bites. And ignoring the screams, the blood-red light flashing through the trees, he moves forward. I have to step back, feel the air behind me until I hit tree. He keeps coming, and I wish desperately I had bullets…real bullets to fight him. But I don't. And when he's so close I smell the blood and sweat on his skin, shaking violently, a scarred hand reaches to touch me. Panic flares and I want to bite it…but I can't. I don't dare. I'm too afraid. "You ask too much." I whisper. The flames lap at his skin, red on black. "I won't!" And it reaches to grab flesh, my throat. I flinch. " That is my price, Mes'cala." "I-" "What will it be, goddess?" he leans close, and I flinch, choking to breathe. "Your son of the Gods consumed… or union with me?" The bark digs into my neck and I search desperately for the ground, feel for it, look for support. Where would I be when he has what he wants? What will happen when he has me? When he's climbed the last step and he's thrust the Chiktata under his feet? "No!" I wrench myself out of his grasp and find it. I gasp for breath, trying to stand up, trying to breathe. But I can't and I stumble. "No…I-I won't." "Then you choose his death?" he demands, so thick I barely understand. I squeeze my eyes shut, panting. How can I let him die? … When I don't know what he is? What I am? An instant of deadly silence follows. I can't answer. "So be it." I think my heart must have stopped.