Strings Author: Faoiltierna Rating: PG-13 Pairing: Legolas/Lindir Warnings: Some suggestive talk about being turned on. Beta: TribalKnight Request: My assignment was to write a Legolas/Lindir pairing, light-hearted, with an archery contest between Legolas and a centaur. And no MPreg. Summary: Okay. Legolas/Lindir, check. Lighthearted…hopefully. No MPreg, easily done. Centaur…there are no centaurs in Tolkien! (Are there? :goes off and checks resources and reference materials:) Nope, no centaurs in Tolkien. Uh. Huh. Okay, I'm going to have to use my imagination! Here is your story, hope you like it! :grin: Written for: Ignoblebard for the Ardor in August Fic Exchange This is of course all Tolkien's. I am only playing in his pool! /…/ is thought * * * is a scene/time shift Strings Lindir looked around the sitting room nervously. The king of Mirkwood had asked to see him after his performance last evening, but he wasn't sure why. /I hope none of the pieces I played offended him. He can be kind of touchy Erestor said./ The king, standing by the window, turned suddenly and pierced him with his glare. "I know you have ties to Imladris, but would you be willing to teach my son how to play a musical instrument?" The bard fumbled a bit, startled by both the topic and king's intensity. "Uh—I have closer ties to Lothlorien, if it pleases your majesty. My cousins are of the Galadhrim." "Celeborn's folk rather than Galadriel's, eh?" the king visibly relaxed. "So you are Sinda like me, then?" Lindir raised his silvery brows, surprised. "Do I look like a Noldo, your majesty?" "You never can tell these days, with all the mixing going on," came the bitter reply. /Such as with your Silvan wife?/ Lindir kept any hint of his thoughts off his face. It was well-known that Thranduil still mourned his late wife who passed away-- "Uhm, how old is your son, your majesty?" "He'll be 1736 on his next begetting day." He blinked. "That's…a bit older than my usual student, your majesty. Most start before their majority." Thranduil cleared his throat. "Yes, well, you wouldn't be his first teacher." "Oh, so he's not a beginner then!" Lindir said, relaxing. "That's—" The king held up a hand to stop him. "You would be the seventh. None of the others lasted even a month. Some cited a lack of skill, others a lack of interest. One dared to say it was a lack of discipline!" Thranduil's face clouded in anger. "My son is a dedicated woodsman and the best archer on Arda—he has discipline!" "If-if I last longer than a month, do you think I could get lessons?" Lindir asked impulsively. "You wish lessons? In what?" "Yes. I am fairly decent with a sword and my knife skills are improving, but to my cousins' shame I have never learned the bow. I would trade music lessons for archery. Your majesty." Thranduil looked thoughtful. "Hm. You did manage to teach those twin terrors of Elrond's, which is why I approached you…yes. If you last out the month, I will have Legolas teach you the bow." *** One Month later… "You've been with us for an entire month, Master Lindir," King Thranduil said over the hum of conversation. It was his habit to take dinner in the main cavern with all invited—it made for quite the ambient noise level, Lindir found. "Yes, your majesty." "How do my son's lessons go?" Legolas's shoulders stiffened, but he did not turn to join Lindir and his father's conversation. Lindir paused. How do you tell a proud father that his beloved son isn't very good? Especially with said son listening? "They're…" He wet his lips and tried again, "Your son's enthusiasm…uhm." He smiled weakly. "He's showing remarkable consistency." "I...did tell you that you were not my son's first music teacher?" Lindir nodded. "Yes, well you are the first to manage even that faint praise, let alone last this long. I believe your archery lessons begin tomorrow?" "Yes, your majesty," he paused, looking at the back of Legolas's head. "I am almost looking forward to it." The king threw his head back and laughed. "I assure you my good minstrel that my son is a far better teacher than he is student!" *** "No, no, stop! Not all your fingers at once! One at a time." Lindir frowned down at Legolas, wincing in pain. "Go slowly, it's not a race. Now, just one finger; gently. That's it. Now, slowly move it up and down. Like that, yes. When you feel confident, go ahead and add a second finger--but don't rush it! That's…better." Lindir smiled down at Legolas who was diligently applying himself to his task. "But you still need to work on your breathing, your highness." Legolas lifted his head and grimaced at the bard. "And you need to make this sound less like I'm giving a pennywhistle a blow job." Lindir blinked at him. "I did no—hm. Okay, you perhaps have a point. Although," he said, feeling a bit malicious, "if that is your technique, then you need to practice that more as well!" Legolas glared at him. "My father asked you to teach me to play a musical instrument, not to critique my lovemaking skills. Why did we have to start with this silly thing anyway?" The master minstrel nodded, ashamed of his outburst. "You are right, highness, I beg your pardon. I am sure your lover is quite satisfied. As to the pennywhistle, it is one of the more simple instruments, one that most have no problem picking up quickly." The glare intensified. "For your information I have no lover. Currently. And do not think I missed that insult." He carefully placed the whistle down, clenched his fists and stormed out of the room. Lindir sighed and began putting away the sheet music. King Thranduil had tried to warn him, but he thought he could handle it. Lindir tucked away the last of the music and put the pennywhistle back in its case. Why did he think this would be easy? The prince was so beautiful, but so obviously disliked him. The king said that Legolas was only doing this because it had been a wish of his mother's. Legolas stuck his head back in the room. "Come on then! This arrangement included me giving you archery lessons in return and I will keep my end of the bargain." Lindir sighed again and followed the blond out through the various communal caverns and tunnels outside to where the archery field lay. /Oh this should be fun. I wonder if it is too late for a sincere sounding apology./ By the time he'd made it to the field Legolas had already strung three bows and was making short work of a fourth. Watching as the archer tested the string, eyes unfocused as he listened to the bow gave Lindir an idea. /The harp is a far more difficult instrument, but he does have a great deal of experience plucking strings. I would not normally—but he's no normal student. Hm./ "All right, Master Lindir, first we need to properly fit you to a bow." "What's wrong with mine?" Lindir furrowed his brow, waving to where his sat, unstrung. "Even from here I can see that is not going to work. I've seen you carrying all those instruments of yours; that bow is underpowered for your strength. Try this one." Lindir blinked as a dark brown bow was thrust into his hand. He started to draw it back, but was quickly stopped. "No, still too weak. And your technique needs a lot of work. Try this one." The next two bows were also judged not acceptable, though Lindir did see a flash of approval in Legolas's eyes when he carefully moved back to the start position after fully drawing the last, rather than just releasing the string. /Dry firing is bad. Now I'm glad for those recruit horror stories cousin Haldir likes to tell!/ Legolas strung a fifth bow. "Let's try this one. If it works, we'll move onto arrows." "Why—right. Arrows." Lindir found it was much more difficult to pull this bow. It had a lovely pale color and was more ornately carved than the other had been. "Hm," was Legolas's only comment. "That'll do. Let's get you some arrows now." Lindir looked at the bow again, more closely. "This—this has your name on it." "Yes, it was my first adult bow." "I—I cannot take—!" He tried to hand it back, surprised, knowing the prince's low opinion of him. "It is just until a proper one can be made for you, do not worry," Legolas said firmly. "Now hold out your left arm." A few hours, several arrows, a more robust arm guard and the joy of striking the target for the first time later, Lindir was chin deep in the hot water of one of Mirkwood's underground bathing pools wondering how crippled he would be in the morning. The water rippled as another joined him in the pool. "How are you feeling, Master Lindir?" Lindir opened his eyes to see the clear blue eyes of his tormentor on level with his, but a few inches away. He started only to immediately regret it. "Wishing we had stopped much, much earlier." He sighed. "Only, I am glad we kept at it until I finally hit something." The other smiled, his face lighting up and taking Lindir's breath away. "It is a glorious feeling is it not? It will be like that again with your first bull's-eye, I assure you." "I—I wanted to apologize for mocking you earlier, highness. It was quite rude of me," he said softly. "Forgiven. And," those beautiful eyes glanced down at the water, then back up, "please call me Legolas? Highness always makes me look to see if my father is present!" Lindir happily smiled at him, feeling instantly better. "Only if you call me Lindir. It felt most awkward being addressed as Master on the archery field when I am so obviously a beginner!" The return smile again lit up Legolas's face, making Lindir's breath catch again. "Deal." "May I ask you a question, Legolas?" "Of course, Lindir." He raised his left arm up out of the water so that the reddened skin was visible. "Where do you keep the healing cream?" Legolas laughed and Lindir felt his heart beat faster. /I shouldn't have apologized—I think I just fell in love./ "I'll show you. I'm sure you will need help getting the sore muscles in your shoulder and back as well." Watching the golden haired Silvan rise out of the water made Lindir wish the pools were much colder. /How am I going to get out and get dressed with him watching me? Thank the Valar I am only looking at his back! …but how I wish it was his—no! Bad thought! Ice! Facial hair! Dwarves! Yes, dwarves…/ he sighed gratefully as the unappealing image started to deflate his rock hard arousal. From over his shoulder Legolas addressed him. "There are massage tables in the next chamber. Why don't you go make yourself comfortable while I go fetch the salve?" "That sounds like a good plan, thank you," Lindir replied, mentally thanking the Valar for their mercy. ****** By the time Legolas rejoined him, Lindir had his leggings back on, a towel draped over his hips and was laying face down on one of the tables. He watched as the prince, now fully dressed, though with his tunic sleeves rolled up, placed a jar on the counter, next to one identical. "Huh," Legolas said, touching the second jar hesitantly, "I thought someone had said we were out. Oh… well!" He opened the container and scooped out some of the cream and set to work on Lindir's back and shoulder. After a moment, he paused. "What is that you are humming?" "An old dwarven love ballad. Just trying to see if I remember all the verses." ****** Next morning Lindir