Title: The Light ofLove Author: Faoiltierna/Perkyandproud Rating: PG Disclaimer: Not mine. Tolkien's estate owns the rights to the characters, places, etc. Plot is mine. Warnings: None Beta: None :-( Summary: A sort of retelling of Elrond's life, through his father's eyes. Written for LOTR Triple Dog Dare, Challenge #5: The Sun, The Moon, & The Stars: All Things Celestial The white ship, diamond dust coat gleaming in the reflected light, passed overhead. Its captain, silmaril shining upon his brow, looked down over Arda as he had each morning and each evening since the Valar had given him this task. With both mind and eyes he looked for his sons, left behind, but never forgotten. * "Ada?" A voice, tentative and young, floated up to him one morning as he passed over Lindon. "They told me you are my ada, Cirdan and Gil-galad have. Elros says they're just telling us that just to make us feel better. I really miss Nana." The Mariner focused on a small form, wrapped in a blanket, standing on one of the palace's balconies. The peredhel below wiped at his eyes using a corner of the blanket. "I would really like to think it is you, Ada. That you are up there, keeping an eye on Elros and I. I love you, Ada, and miss you and Nana." The elfling turned away and started to go back inside. Eärendil poured all of his love through the gem he wore, softly alluminating (lighting up) the balcony. Almost to the door Elrond stopped and looked about, wide-eyed. He tilted his head back. "It is you!" He watched his son as the ship carried him back to Aman, listening as Elrond told him eagerly of how he and his twin had come to be there and what had happened since their Nana, Elwing, had thrown herself into the sea to preserve the silmaril now bound to their ada's forehead. * Each night following, for a week, Elrond was out on the balcony and Eärendil eagerly listened to his son's telling of his day and what new things he and his brother had gotten to try. Then came a night where Elrond did not appear. Nor was he there the following night. A week later, as the Vingilot dimly reflected its master's mood, the slight form of Elrond, bundled warmly and thoroughly, reappeared. "Ada?" his voice was hoarse, "I am sorry I have not been out to speak to you. I caught the chills the healer says, from spending so much time out in the cold night air. Cirdan says that my edain heritage makes me susceptible to illness…so I am not allowed to stay long. I am feeling better now! …Though Elros is not…he apparently caught my sickness and is quite mad at me. He will be all right, though, do not worry! He is just miserable right now and blames me." Elrond's teeth as he grinned upward gleamed in the silmaril's renewed light. Then the smile dimmed again. "Cirdan also says there are storm clouds gathering so I may not be able to see you for a few days. But I know you are up there. I love you, Ada." * Years passed by. Every night that the skies were clear enough to see the stars, Elrond would step outside and speak to Eärendil. Occasionally others were with him and he would introduce them to his ada. Gil-galad, Cirdan (though he pointed out they'd previously met), a young friend named Erestor…Elros however never joined him. One night however, despite the distance, despite the similarity to his twin, Eärendil knew instantly that it was not Elrond who stepped out onto the balcony. Elros shuffled his feet and pulled his cloak tight around himself, disregarding the warm spring air. He looked uncomfortable and did not look up at the sky. It took him several starts before he managed to say anything. "…Ada? …Elrond says that is you up there. I have heard the same stories, but…anyway. He believes. I…I hope it is true. For his sake." Eärendil's older son finally looked up. "Because of your sacrifice I have a choice…the choice to follow my heart and destiny. I am in love with a mortal woman." There was a long pause. "I'm telling Elrond my decision tonight. It is going to be hard for him. His destiny is so clearly among the Eldar. Someday…someday my descendants will be so grateful for him. Be there for him Ada? As much as you can? I…I…" He stopped, rubbing his eyes. Abruptly he turned and reentered the palace. Eärendil's tears fell indistinguishable from the diamond dust. How he wished he could be there for both his sons. Later that same evening Elrond came out. He didn't say anything, but simply collapsed against the railing, sobbing. All Eärendil could do was shine his light down on his suffering sons and pray to the Valar that they feel his love. * The next few brief centuries, Eärendil watched over his sons. Both blossomed under the choice they'd made. The Mariner watched Elros with both pride and sorrow as he forged a strong kingdom, family and legacy on the Isle of Númenor. It was difficult seeing his son grow old. Eärendil took comfort in the fact his son was the father he had not been and died surrounded by his children and loved ones. Elrond blossomed in a different way. No longer a scared elfling he made a name for himself as a warrior, a scholar and as a healer. His friend Erestor by his side he went into Gil-galad's service, eventually becoming the High King's Herald. "I wanted the ceremony to be out here where you could see it, Ada, but the arguments for having it in the afternoon in the throne room were valid. Gil-galad wanted to show how proud he is of me and that I earned my position honestly." Elrond wrapped his arms around himself. "It was…amazing, Ada." He looked up, the light shining down on his face. "But I promise, you will get to witness whatever next momentous happens in my life!" * Passing over the surface of Arda every night, Eärendil witnessed Sauron's bid for power and the growth of his armies. He took great pleasure in shining brightly to aid those who might otherwise fall afoul of the orcs. Those night-living creatures did not like the cold sting of the silmaril's light. But even that light could not stop Celebrimbor's fall and the forging of Sauron's Ring. He could and did cast his light warmly over the new realm Elrond founded, called Imladris. "At least the three elven rings are not tied to Sauron," Elrond said, leaning against the half-finished balcony of his new home. He was taking a break from building it and discussing the current news with his father above as he ate his dinner. He wrapped the remains of his meal in his napkin and set it aside before grabbing another brick. "I appreciate the light, Ada. I've been so busy during the day getting the Healing Hall done, the gardens laid out and the refugees housed that this is the only time I have to work on my rooms. Poor Erestor has been running so many messages back and forth from here to Lindon and back that I fear he might someday meet himself on the road!" Elrond stepped back to judge the effect. "Does that look crooked?" He reached forward and twisted the last brick slightly. "Cirdan sent word that the Valar have sent someone from Valinor back here." He looked up for a moment. "I wish it were you, Ada. Though I admit the light does come in handy right now!" Eärendil twinkled so his son knew he was amused as he laughed. "Lady Celebrían and her mother passed through here yesterday. Celeborn has sent them to Lothlórien for safety. Celebrimbor…Galadriel is taking it hard. It must be a comfort to her to have such a lovely daughter though." Eärendil heard his son's sighs and cast his long sight over Arda looking for his golden-haired cousin, Galadriel. Camped a long days ride from Imladris he found a silver haired ellith distracting her mother from her grief with comments on the many charms of Imladris…including those of its grey-eyed lord. Eärendil smiled down at the two and their escort and promised himself to keep an eye on their journey. Two days later an ebullient and joyful Elrond dragged a tall blond ellon out onto his balcony. "Ada! 'Tis Glorfindel! They have sent me the elf who saved you!" Eärendil looked down into the puzzled upturned face. Glorfindel. His protector and guide from when he was but an elfling, who had given his life so that Eärendil, his mother and the other refugees could make their escape from Gondolin. He sent a burst of light to welcome the other back to Arda and back into his family. Elrond laughed at Glorfindel's expression. "Yes, that really is Eärendil up there, sailing the night skies. I often come out here to speak to him." "I see." It was not easy to bow to someone directly above you, but Glorfindel managed it gracefully. He was not a particularly large elf, though Eärendil knew from experience he was quite strong. He was built more for speed and quick deadly attacks, though in the end the balrog's whip was faster. "Greetings to you Prince Eärendil. The Valar have once again put me in service to your family; to guide and protect your son Elrond and his family…once he has one, that is." Elrond shook his head. "I see you will get along famously with my friend Erestor. He too cannot wait to see me settled!" * The years blurred into decades into centuries. Even though he was quite enamored of her and she of him, Elrond and Celebrían remained but friends, frustrating Lords Glorfindel and Erestor utterly. However, what started as late night walks to discuss their lord's stubbornness eventually turned to things more intimate and Eärendil considered himself fortunate to be the only witness the night Erestor proposed. Though Glorfindel's response woke the house, bringing forth many to congratulate them in the uncommonly bright gardens, Elrond first and foremost among them. It was not until several years later, after the Battle of the Alliance against Sauron wherein Gil-galad lost his life, that Elrond, walking among the trees of Lothlórien with Celebrían, did also propose by the light of his father's star. The wedding a year later was held at dusk and lit only by a father's love. How deeply he wished he could go down there, to hug his son and kiss his new daughter. * In the following years of peace, Eärendil witnessed many changes in his son's life. Elrond became better known for his wisdom and healing skills than for his fighting prowess; the gardens under Celebrían's care flourished and grew; and Erestor and Glorfindel still took nightly walks to discuss everything that happened in Imladris under the sun. Eärendil was grateful to them and made sure their paths were lit, as his son, newly bound, was not often out on his balcony. The night he and Celebrían did come out, to tell Eärendil of the impending birth of his grandsons, it became so bright that the roosters thought it dawn. His son and new daughter then had to explain why, breaking the news to the peoples of Imladris while most were in their night clothes. The official party a week late lasted until true dawn. * As he had the night of Gil-galad's death, but with joy, not sorrow in his heart, Eärendil stayed the Vingilot's movement across the sky as long as he could the night the Elrondioneth were born. Long enough for Elrond to bring them out, heavily swaddled, and introduce Elladan and Elrohir to his father. The twins, as they grew, took up their father's habit of talking to Eärendil as he passed overhead