Summary: Harry Potter wasn't abused physically. However, there are worse ways a child can be scarred. Deprived of light and human touch for the first five years of his life could have made him into a recluse or a psychopath. Or both. Fortunately, thanks to a stroke of luck, he managed to pull through relatively unharmed. Of course if knowing no feeling of love or affection could be counted as being unharmed. [Grey/Hadrian] [Dumbledore/HandpickedWeasleys/Hermione Bashing] [Mature content] Trigger warnings: This story WILL feature heavily suggestive themes, though nothing explicit - I can't really write "lemons" anyway, it always turns out pathetic, so it's probably for the best. They will start appearing around the fourth year, but, since we will mostly skip through the first three years (like, one chapter - one year), you can expect them pretty soon. Don't worry though, they will only be there to develop characters and atmosphere, the main plot is most certainly not going to revolve around relationships and sex. There will be important canon character(s?) death, you might also expect some others meeting their fate as well as graphic violence. Rating M isn't for nothing, so be warned. A/N: While I have some experience in writing stories I can freely admit, that this one is the first I'll be writing in English. It's not my first language, and though I have no problems speaking and reading it, I have never before undertaken something quite so big as this is shaping up to be. So... Please bear with me if you see anything that shouldn't be there or can't see something that should :) That said I will do my very best to avoid errors and misspellings. I'm going to be updating this story probably about once every week or two; the way I see it, it's probably going to be over a 100k words, but it's all rather fluid at this moment, so it might also end up with ~60k or so. Either way, this is going to be the first part of a trillogy. Darkness. Complete, encompassing darkness was all the little boy knew. Ever since he could remember, he didn't see much light. And every time he did see it, it was somehow connected with pain or discomfort. Normally children don't remember their first words or steps. This child, however, was far from normal. It remembered with perfect clarity the first time he managed to speak. It also remembered, that because it managed this feat before another child, it was beaten and immediately shut in it's crib, conveniently placed somewhere dark and out of everybody's way. One would think, that such treatment would lead the child to withdrawal from the world. That it would cause said child to become unstable, shy, closed off and perhaps even a bit psychotic. One thinking so wouldn't be completely incorrect, for it has been this child's way of dealing with trauma for quite a few early years of it's life. But then, school happened. ===#^#=== The education in all of the United Kingdom is quite straightforward, at least when it comes to the so called Compulsory Education Age. The law states, that it is compulsory for the kids between the ages of 5 and 16 to receive education. It is not, however, necessary for it to be done in any formalized way. In fact, quite a lot of parents decide that they will do a better job of it than the structuralised education system, and decide to do some homeschooling. And so it was this dilemma, that this child's guardians found themselves with. It was never a question, whether their own flesh and blood would go to school. It was always supposed to be the best private school available, Smeltings Academy, with excellent teachers, great library, a couple of football, basketball and tennis fields and even a swimming pool. This child, however, was not their own flesh and blood. They didn't want it; they detested it. When they first found it on their doorstep, their first instinct, which they immediately acted on, was to call for the police and get rid of it. They were quickly forced into submission though - no sooner than they took the phone, a tall, weirdly dressed woman appeared and explained to them, that they had no choice but to accept and take the responsibility for the child... Or else. And so they did. Being forced though did nothing to appeal to their compassion. They did the bare minimum, making sure only that the child is physically somewhat healthy and fed. They did not, however, allow it to play with other children, especially with their own. They even went so far as to shut this child in a cupboard under the stairs for a better part of it's infancy. This, however, stopped being a viable option with this child's turning five, and, consequently, becoming eligible to receive education. It's guardians were torn. They could either send it to a public school or claim to be homeschooling it. Both approaches had it's pros and cons. Sending it to a public school would lessen their burden and get them rid of it for at least part of a day. However, especially at the beginning, it's behavior could raise some concerns. It would probably be socially awkward; knowing only the dark cupboard it could also say something it wasn't supposed to, thus bringing unwanted scrutiny of family services to their household, which was to be avoided at all cost. On the other hand, homeschooling would change virtually nothing. It would still occupy the cupboard and be a non-person. This, while not a bad thing, could lead to other set of problems. Namely, they wouldn't really teach it anything. They had no qualifications nor desire to do so. This was fine for the most part of the year, they knew however, that homeschooled children were required to attend end-year exam to evaluate their progress, lack of which could also lead to unwanted attention. Taking all this into consideration, the child's guardians decided to send him to a public school come September. They acquired necessary school utensils and uniform, all perfectly new and well fitting. For even if they were not caring about the child they knew, that should they neglect it in any obvious way, it would come hunting them soon enough. Few short months later, on the eve of the first of September, they shooed their own to it's bedroom. They opened the cupboard's door and motioned the child to follow them. It did. They told it to sit down on a couch. It did. "Boy," the man started. "Tomorrow you are to start attending Public First. We expect you to behave yourself and not bring any unwanted attention to yourself, understood?" He said strongly. Seeing the lack of understanding in the child's eyes, he elaborated. "Public First is a local school. You will be going there every day, from monday to friday, and learn all you can. You will bring good grades, but not overly so. You will be polite, you will not speak out of turn. You will not speak of your home life unless asked for by a teacher. If that happens, you will tell them that you are living with your foster family, that you have your own room and everything you need. You will not mention the cupboard, you will not bring anybody home, you will always come back here immediately after lessons' end. Do you understand?" The child looked at him, and shyly nodded. He continued, "If a teacher or an adult asks you, you live with uncle Vernon, aunt Petunia and brother Dudley. You will try to avoid other children, they are not trustworthy enough. You will control your behavior and not engage in any shenenigans. From today," he looked at the child piercingly, "you are moving to Dudley's old bedroom. But remember, that you will be back in a cupboard should you break the rules, boy." The child nodded eagerly. It would have a new, bigger room! He was overjoyed. It would be amazing, he knew. Dudley's old bedroom was huge, at least million square feet! What would he do with all this space? Oh well, he was sure he could think of something. His head swirling with ideas, he almost missed his uncle's last remark. "Oh, and boy? Your name, the one that you will react to, is Hadrian Potter." ===#^#=== "Hello children, my name is Evelynn Clark, and I'm your teacher. We will be learning many wondrous things together for the next few years," she said enthusiastically. She was a young woman, looking at most 30 years old, though probably much younger. She was of average height, while at the same time being rather slim and well endowed. Were she teaching teenagers, she would have probably been many boys' wet dream. She was, however, teaching prepubescent children, and so had no troubles keeping them concentrated on what she was saying, rather than what she was looking like. She liked to start each new class with an introduction lesson, for she thought it to be a good beginning of a year, as well as helping children to be more open to her and each other. That's why, after a customary introduction, she asked each and every child to say few words about itself. "Hadrian Potter," she called next, looking around the classroom, after about half of the class has already spoken. Evelynn was almost ready to call again, but then she noticed scrawny black-haired boy reluctantly standing up. She smiled at him. "We're ready whenever you are," she said encouragingly. "Good morning," the boy started shyly. "My name is Hadrian Potter. I live in Surrey with my uncle Vernon, aunt Petunia and cousin Dudley," he said and looked expectantly at miss Clark. "Great," she smiled. "Do you already have any friends here?" She would always ask a few questions to help the children open up slightly more. Hadrian shook his head. "No, miss Clark, I have no friends," he said, almost sadly. "But I hope that I can make friends soon!" he said eagerly. Evelynn smiled at him. He wasn't the first kid to express such hope. In each new class there always were those, that for one reason or the other were without friends. She knew however, that fortunately, he would really have to try to distance himself from all of the kids, which was unlikely - and that, sooner or later, he would find himself in his own circle of friends. "Hadrian," she then inquired, "do you have any hobbies?" "I..." Hadrian stumbled for words, slightly panicky. He didn't know what to say. Should he reveal that he had no real hobbies? Or should he make something up? He didn't want risk displeasing his uncle for fear of being thrown back to his cupboard. Finally he decided. "I like reading books." Which was only a partial lie. He never had his own books, but the few times his aunt taught him how to read and write (to avoid him embarrassing himself and bringing attention to her) he enjoyed reading amazing tales and stories that were in the books she showed him. He was relieved to see, that miss Clark easily accepted his answer and promptly moved on to another pupil. Hadrian decided, that being caught like this again was not an option. He would have to research all that was expected of him, like having hobbies, favorite places, foods and TV shows. He could not slip again. ===#^#=== "Hello, I'm Donald," said brown haired tall boy, extending his hand. Hadrian shook it, slightly bewildered that anyone would like to talk to him, but taking it in stride. "Hi Donald, I'm Hadrian." "So... What's up Hadrian? Do you like your first day at school?" Donald asked. And just like that, unknowingly, Hadrian broke one of his uncle's rules for the first, and certainly not the last, time. ===#^#=== "Aunt Petunia?" he asked, seeing her