Soooo, HI GUYS! I'm back with round #2. When I said that the first chapter was always the hardest for me, I was not lying. I wrote and rewrote this chapter so many times even before I finished Troubles with Fairy Tales(TFT as I like to abbreviate it). And you guys have no idea how much I've missed you. I hope all of you had some happy holidays and anything else you celebrate, or just had a happy break from school or work. I really don't know what else to say besides, let's get this party started! Disclaimer: I own nothing except Shelby, Caden, Leila, and any other new characters. Please Enjoy! JPOV Seven long months had passed since all the drama, and life had gone on as normal. Only with a new addition to the pack. Caden had asked to be put in to the patrol shifts. I allowed it, but I made sure to keep him and Leah as far apart as possible. It wouldn't do anyone any good for those two to have a romp in the woods. I cringed just thinking about it. Not a mental image I needed. I'd just gotten off of my own early morning shift. It was noon and the house wasn't quiet at all as I loped up the porch steps. The kitchen was bustling as Esme and Bella ran around making lunch for me and Nessie like they'd gotten into doing every day. Jasper and Rosalie were at it again with the chess. Alice was sprawled on the floor, her wedding planning stuff fanned out around her on the floor and taking up the couch. She was examining two squares of cloth that looked the same color to me. I could hear the piano's sounds flow through the house and I knew Edward was playing. Quickly, I stopped by the room to give him a wave and nod to let him know that we found nothing on the patrol. He nodded with a small smile. For a moment he closed his eyes, lost in his own tune. And then they opened and he smiled at the ceiling. Nessie. I raced over and up the stairs to the room that I shared with her, Edward's old room. As soon as I opened the door, two more color squares were thrust into my face. "Which one?" Laughing, I tried to move her hands, but she stayed firm. "Nessie-," " Which one?" I sighed and backed up a little so I could see the colors. Both were a shade of purple. "Um, the darker one." "Good. Eggplant. I can work with that." Then why'd she ask? I thought. The squares vanished as she moved away from me to show me the room beyond. My jaw hit the floor. "What the hell happened in here?" She was digging in a bag filled with tissue. The tissue went flying around her before she paused to look up at me. "I made such a big fuss about planning our wedding and so far it's only been Aunt Alice planning anything." She shrugged. "So I've decided to start." Various clothes, shoes, books, papers, and pictures were scattered over the previously pristine room. "Nessie, baby, we don't have to be married by this time next year." When she glared at me viciously, I backed up and put my hands up in surrender. "Ok, I was wrong." She sighed and dropped the paper she was holding. "I just want it to be perfect. And be your wife." I went to her and wrapped my arms around her. Her arms wound around my waist as she snuggled her face into my chest. Holding her to me, I felt the tension drain out of her as she sighed contentedly. "Sweetie, as long as you don't leave me standing up there, it'll be perfect just watching you walk down the aisle and then say 'I do'. And I want you to be my wife more than anything, other than me wanting to be your husband." Man, those two words tore at me. Husband and wife. The ultimate label for a couple. I wanted that ring on my finger showing the world that I belonged to only one person. And that was my wife, who also wore a ring to show the world that she only belonged to one person: me. "Jacob," she said, bringing my attention back to her. She reached a hand up to stroke my face. "I'd never leave you up there. If anything, I'm going to be running right into your arms." I grinned. "In heels?" "Don't underestimate a woman in love who's dying to marry the man she loves." We grinned at each other before I tugged up on her waist, letting her know I wanted a kiss. She got the hint and went up on the tips of her toes. Leaning down, I pressed a soft kiss to her lips as she dug her fingers into my hair. Knowing what it would do to me, she scraped her nails over my scalp, making me make a purr-like sound in my chest. She pulled back with a giggle. "I love it when you make that sound." "I know," I whispered. Feeling the need for retaliation, I bent further so that I could reach her neck. As soon as she felt my teeth nibble at her skin, she leaned her head back with a groan. "So not fair," she gasped out. I chuckled against her skin. "But oh so fun." "You are in so much trouble," she giggled, pushing me away. "Why?" "Jacob Black, get off my babysitter!" a voice yelled behind me. I turned around to find Emily standing in the doorway trying to hide a grin. In one hand was the baby carrier holding a sleeping Leila and the other held a diaper bag. "Hey, Em," I said, going for the diaper bag. Nessie went for the baby. "Hey, Jake." Emily came in and sat down on one of the few clear spaces on the bed. She looked exhausted. Leila had been born a couple days shy of two months ago. Nessie and I had agreed to take care of her so that Emily and Sam could have a weekend to themselves and to get some sleep. Since I'd agreed to be Leila's godfather, Nessie had agreed to become godmother, so we took care of her a lot when Emily needed to go on errands and Sam was at work. Nessie had taken Leila out of the carrier and was rocking her, smiling as the baby gripped her finger even in sleep. "She's gotten so big," I said. The image of Nessie with a baby was one of the most beautiful things I'd ever seen. It was different in real life than in her dreams. It was real even though Leila wasn't ours. Nessie was so good with her, always a smile even when the tiny baby became cranky and started wailing. Nessie was quick and sure in her calming methods. She'd been scared out of her mind to hold Leila for the first time, but once they were acquainted? That baby loved her and always calmed when she was in Nessie's protective arms. Emily nodded, smiling at the sight of the two girls. "Oh yeah, but let me give you fair warning. If she falls asleep on you, Jake, she has to stay there or she'll scream when you try to put her in the crib." "When did that start?" Nessie asked. "About a week ago. She fell asleep on top of Sam after he'd passed out on the couch. We tried to put her in the crib." She shook her head. "Wouldn't stop screaming until Sam picked her up again. My guess is it's the warmth." "Probably. I know that I don't like going to sleep curled up next to Jake and waking up cold when he has to leave." I met her gaze and felt my heart warm as she smiled at me. She shrugged. "It's true." Emily grinned at the two of us. "So it's really happening for the two of you, huh?" A blush rose up Nessie's neck to spread across her cheeks. I chuckled. "We're working on the wedding. Alice and Nessie are convinced that it has to be perfect." "Of course it does. The whole preparation is for the guests. But the bride's prep? That's for the groom." I made a sound. "Don't agree with her, Em. I don't need a stressed out fiancée. Those are dangerous, or so I've heard." "Oh, they are." She chuckled at the look I gave her. Then her attention went back to her daughter. "So, you're taking her up to the cabin?" Nessie and I shared a look. I shrugged. "We thought that maybe we could spend some alone time with her." "That's a great idea. She needs to get know the two of you-just in case." Nessie handed me the baby and sat down next to Emily. "Emily, that's a long time coming. You'll have a long time with her." "Not long enough," she whispered. Nessie hugged her and I looked down at the tiny girl in my arms. She'd woken up sometime when we were talking. Her dark brown eyes watched me sleepily as I rocked her gently. It had surprised me at how good with her I was. I'd never really been around a baby that wasn't an imprint. Nessie and Claire had both been special cases. I'd expected Leila to cry and scream for her mom, dad, or anybody other than me. But she'd taken to me quickly. There were even times when we fell asleep on the couch together. And times that she wouldn't calm down until I was holding her. It was almost as if she were already smart enough to know who we all were individually and knew who she wanted to be with at any given time. "The two of you are going to make great parents one day," Emily said, breaking the spell between me and Leila. Nessie and I both blushed. We had to get to the point where we could make the baby first. But holding and seeing Leila had made me want to have kids even more than my embarrassment was holding me back from progressing with Nessie. I wanted her to carry my child. I wanted her to be the mother of my children so badly. And I was becoming more and more comfortable with the steaminess in the bedroom at a faster pace. Nessie really didn't have to tell me anymore that she was ok with what we were doing. The sounds she made and where she moved me told me that she was ok. We were becoming as familiar with each other's bodies as we were with our own. "You think so?" Nessie asked. "Are you kidding? You are so good with Leila. She may be a baby but she loves the two of you. Even though you aren't her mother, your nurturing instincts kicked in. As did Jacob's even though he isn't her father." Mother and father. Two more labels for a couple. Emily clapped her hands on her legs and stood up. "Well, I guess I better get back down there to Sam. He's cooking for me tonight." Nessie hugged her again. "Look, Em, if you need longer than the weekend-," she looked at me as if for permission. I nodded and she smiled. "We wouldn't mind keeping her longer. We really don't have much to do. Jake works down at the shop and runs a patrol every day and I'm just planning the wedding." Emily grinned at us both, but it faded when her eyes came to her baby. "That's really sweet of you, Ness. But this will be the first time I'm away from her for more than a few hours. I have a feeling it's going to be hard." "Well, then, for future reference.