Holy bajeebles! Here we are! Will's story! I am so excited it's kind of ridiculous. I have been waiting for this since his baby story. And, if everything goes right, these stories will be longer than Jacob and Nessie's. I'm pretty sure the kids will have individual antagonists and plots, but some things will tie in together? I think. Honestly, these stories are just hitting me a mile a minute, so I'm not going to know everything way in advance. I get to be surprised like you guys! Woo-hoo! *Disclaimer* Please Enjoy! Four Years after The Pregnancy Chronicles: The Twins April RPOV A loud thump on the kitchen table had me turning around. Maddox was banging his head on the table over a piece of paper. I walked over to him and patted his neck. "Stop. You're going to give yourself a concussion." He stopped, forehead pressed to the table. "Good. Maybe I'll get out of this stupid math exam." Sitting down beside him, I pulled the paper out from under his head. "We've been over this. You know all this stuff, sweetie. Every formula. You're overthinking it." "He's not thinking at all," Ash said as he sat down across from us with a bowl of cereal. Maddox lifted his head long enough to give his twin a dark look before banging his head against the table again. "Ash," I chided. He shrugged. "It's true. I'm telling you, Mom, he has ADD." Maddox lifted his fist, but before he could perform the gesture, I slapped his hand down. "Stop it. Both of you. Ash, you could be a little more supportive. Your brother helped you with your science." "Yeah," Maddox sneered. Ash sighed. "Fine." He held out his hand for the paper. "Let me see, Mom." When I handed it to him and he looked it over, he scoffed, tossing the paper back. "Pfft, dude, you tutor the girls in this stuff. How can you not remember it two seconds later at the desk?" " Because of the girls." Jules skipped into the kitchen, her messenger bag strapped across her body. She walked over to Maddox and hugged him, kissing his cheek. "Just keep your eye on the goal, bro. If you don't, allll those girls will move onto sophomore year without you. I'm cheering for you. You got this." Then she turned to me, kissing my cheek. "Sorry, don't have time for breakfast. Piper and Ava are waiting for me. A little studying before exams. Love you." Then she was off. "Hey!" Ash called. "I don't get a goodbye, see ya later?" On her way out the door, she rolled her eyes but kissed the air in his direction. "Love you, too, bro!" He shook his head and went back to his breakfast. "Really, Dox. You do know this stuff. You just have to concentrate. Clear your mind like Uncle Jasper taught us to do during a fight. Don't panic, which is what you do. This is your last exam. You don't have to be the first one to finish. Use all the time you have. And for God's sake, use your calculator. They were created for a reason." "Deep breaths," I said, rubbing his back as he sat up. "It's okay, Maddox. Everybody has a weak subject. Math is yours. But you still have a chance. This isn't like you, to give up before you've even gotten there." Before he could answer, Will joined us, sitting beside Ash. He was grinning, his black hair flopping into his eyes. "Did I just hear our dear mother say that Maddox has given up? Accepted defeat? Over a math test ?" He leaned the chair back on two legs, put his booted feet on the table, and took a bite of an apple. Despite my grin, I reached across the table to whack his shin. "Get your feet off the table." His grin widened but he did as he was told. "Sorry, Mom." No, he wasn't. He did it all the time when he thought I wasn't looking. Maddox gave him an exasperated look. "Yeah, says Mr. Perfect." Will stood up and rounded the table to drape himself over his brother. "Takes one to know one, little brother. Like Jules said, you got this." He shook him. "Come on, you and Ash come hang out with me and Brayden before exams. It'll relax you to get out of the house, joke around a little." When Maddox didn't move, Will hauled him out of his chair. "Enough moping and low self-esteem. Ash, help me out a little, would ya?" Sighing, Ash emptied his bowl and joined his brothers. He helped Will drag Maddox to the door. With it being exam week, they didn't need paper or books, but Ash did stop at his backpack to grab some pencils and a calculator. "Bye, Mom!" they yelled. "Bye! Good luck! Love you!" "Love you, too!" Once the door was closed, I let out a long breath, sat back in my chair, and enjoyed the silence of the house. WillPOV Ah, the last day of junior year. After this, I'll be a senior. Finally! But more important than me was Dox, who was still sighing heavily as he walked between me and Ash. I punched his arm. "Seriously, man. What is wrong with you?" "I don't want to repeat freshman year." Ash and I shared a look behind his back. " If you fail, it'll be the only exam you fail. You can make it up in summer school and be a sophomore next year. Done and done." He gave me a look. I held up my hands in surrender. "Hey, I'm just giving you options. Better than retaking freshman year all over. It's just one class." "He has a point, Dox. Another option would be making it up next year in your free period. Instead of study hall, retake the math. Sophomore math is geometry. Very different than foundations. But that doesn't matter. You're not going to fail. You know this stuff. So quit your bitching." I laughed. "Where did you hear that?" As the oldest of us kids, I felt responsible for the others. Ash shrugged. "Mom said it to Dad once. Kind of stuck with me." "Yeah, well, don't let them hear you talk like that. Mom will give you that 'watch your language' speech and Dad will be 'listen to your mother'." Maddox smirked at me. "Speaking from experience?" I laughed again with the memory. "Dad got the speech that day, too." They both laughed and it made me feel like I'd helped them in some way. Maddox was always too hard on himself. Aside from being the jock, he wanted to achieve academic success as well. It was hard with all the practices to study for tests, quizzes, and mid-terms. In his freshman year, it was impressive. I didn't do the whole sports thing for school and I'd still had issues adjusting to high school. Of course, my siblings had still been in home school with our grandparents, aunts, and uncles. When Jules had made it to the high school a year behind me, my grades had improved. My family wasn't like a lot of families. For the most part, I, William Edward Black, got along very well with my younger siblings. We were all close. Any secrets kept from each other were rare because we knew each other too well and our parents had taught us to trust one another. And we did. I'd give my life for any of them, and I knew they'd do the same for me. The rez high school was buzzing with excitement. Most kids only had one or two more exams for the day. The rest of the day would be spent signing yearbooks and making plans for "summer". My best friend, Brayden, had his last exam of his senior year today. It would be weird not seeing him in the halls in August, but at least the lucky bastard was free. My dad, Jacob Black, had promised him that he could join the pack after he graduated. Brayden had phased just before Christmas and was itching to run with the pack on patrols. Dad had made it an order that the Quileute pack kids had to finish high school, phase or no phase, before they could run with the pack. That included his own kids. I hadn't phased yet, but I knew that the growth spurts had started. I had to buy new jeans every other week and muscles were popping up faster than my fight training could possibly be producing. Dad always had eyes on me, just in case I was somewhere too crowded or too close to my sister and brothers when I decided to phase. My cousin, Henry, stayed close enough to intervene if needed. "Will!" "Hi, Will." "Yo, Black!" "Hey, Maddox." As we walked across campus, various greetings echoed around. Most of them were guys, some girls. Mostly the girls just clustered together to giggle and stare. I knew why Maddox was popular. He was the best at the sports, the jock of the family. But me? I still couldn't figure that one out. Maybe it was because I was just nice to everyone. Mom always said that I'd never met a stranger in my life. Ash, as usual, received the fewest greetings, but he seemed okay with that, staying behind me and Dox until he could escape into the main building. Before he dashed off, though, he handed Dox some pencils and the calculator. "Hey, Pretty Boy!" Chuckling and shaking my head, I turned around. "Whaddup, Snake Eyes?" I answered, clapping hands with Brayden. I called him "Snake Eyes" because his eyes turned amber when he phased instead of staying their bright green. For some reason, the amber reminded me of a snake. He called me "Pretty Boy" because I was the Alpha's first born son. In the pack, that meant I was next to be alpha. My siblings and I were treated like royalty. Now, I noticed a lot of girls staring at him, which was usual now that he'd phased. He'd gone through his growth spurts and popped muscles like some people popped pills. The girls practically drooled on their cleavage. "What took you so long?" he asked. I nodded toward Maddox, who also clapped hands with Brayden. "Pep talk." Brayden frowned at my brother. "The great Maddox Black needed a pep talk? Over what? How not to be awesome?" "That's what I told him. But no, it was over a math test. Can you believe it?" My best friend shook his head. "I hate to break this to you, but you're the one who tutored my sister." Maddox laughed. "Yeah, I know. Stupid nerves, I guess." Brayden flung an arm around Dox's neck. "Just go through it like a tutoring sesh. If a girl was sitting in front of you asking how to work the problem, what would you tell her? See? Easy." And that was why Brayden and I were best friends. He treated my siblings like they were his and supported them as much as I did. And his sister, Piper, was best friends with my sister. That made her my sibling, too. We were tight. Maddox nodded. "That's not a bad idea. Thanks, Bray." "Hey, that's what I'm here for. You learn a few things after being stuck in this hell hole for four years." He turned to me. "You going to the bonfire tonight?" "I thought that was just for the seniors?" Maddox asked. Brayden waved it away but I said, "It's supposed to be but really anybody could show up. And yeah, I'll be there. Can't speak for Jules or the twins though." "Speaking of your sister," Brayden said, stretching his neck, looking over the crowd, "where is she?" I shrugged. "I don't know. She met up with Ava and Piper. Probably in the library, studying. Jules's exam is