AHHHHH! I'm back! Holy cow! I know you guys have been waiting for this, or at least I hope so. I write for all those who have followed me or will follow me. Now, these stories are tricky for me. However, I have decided to write all the pregnancy stories(PS's for short) before the kids' stories. That way, we won't get confused, because I know I would have. I really hope you enjoy these. And any errors that I've made regarding pregnancy, I apologize for. I have never been pregnant, and I've done a little research but, as you know, shit happens and I get things wrong. *Disclaimer* Please Enjoy! January RPOV I was pretty sure that I was dying. One month pregnant, and I was ready to give up eating for the rest of my life. Except for the crackers and the blood. Carlisle had said that the morning sickness should die down in a few months, but not anytime soon. And at least I could keep something on my stomach. Our fridge was stocked with blood. Not as good as fresh, but it would do. "Ness, baby, if it bothers you so much, stop. I can make my own food." I shook my head, swallowing hard. "Not a chance. I am still your wife and fully functional. This baby just needs to quit being stubborn." "Sounds like someone else I know," Jacob said dryly. Over my shoulder, I tossed him a glare. He held his hands up in surrender with a laugh. "I'm just sayin'. Cereal is perfectly fine with me." " Anyway, " I said, completely ignoring what he'd just said. "You're going down to the shop today, right?" He dropped the subject of me being a pain in the ass. "Right. I gotta tell Frank that we're expecting so he knows what's going on. But also he's letting me train Xavier there so I can get some work done and teach him." I smiled. "You really like him, don't you?" "He's a good kid. Kind of reminds me of myself at his age. Too much responsibility thrown on him. Plus, someone has to teach him to deal with women." Snorting, I turned to look at him. " You're going to teach him about women?" "Hey! I've learned a few things over the years. Just because I'm a one-woman man doesn't mean that you don't teach me things." After putting everything on his plate, I set in front of him and kissed him. "Happy I can help." Once he started digging in, I grabbed a package of crackers and poured a glass of blood. Sitting beside him, I threw my leg over his like always. His hand stroked my calf and shin as he ate, playing over the scars that I'd probably have the rest of my life. "Are we still going to get the ultrasound after we eat?" I asked before taking a sip of blood. "We can if you're feeling up to it. I told Xavier to meet me at the shop at around one, so we have time." I grinned at him. Ever since I'd told him we were pregnant, he'd been doting on me, constantly asking if I was okay or if I needed anything. We still hadn't had our first ultrasound. Well, not one where I wasn't freaking out. Carlisle had barely been able to find the baby the first time because I'd only been about three weeks pregnant. Now, I was a month and a week according to the time line. Jacob and I were still kind of in disbelief that it was actually happening, and we wanted that moment of seeing our baby for the first time. That first ultrasound, I hadn't watched. I couldn't. I'd been terrified that if I was pregnant something would be wrong seeing as how I'd been in a battle for my life against the Volturi and had gotten thrown around a week before taking the test. Besides, that had been to make sure that I was, indeed pregnant, that the home test hadn't lied to me. Seeing the baby without Jacob was just not an option for me. "I think I'll be okay. Plenty of places to stop and throw up along the way. Besides," I said, stroking a hand up his arm, "we need this. We need to see the baby." He lowered his fork. "I'm...surprisingly nervous about this." Still stroking his arm, I smiled. "I know. Me, too. This is pretty big stuff. I kind of never thought it would happen to me, you know? This is one of those things that I always hoped for but figured that it was suited for other people." Jacob squeezed my leg, comforting. "You're going to be a great mother, Ness. I've watched you with all the kids. They love you." "Yeah but this is my kid. It's kind of different." Taking his hand off my leg, he reached across the table to squeeze my fingers. "I definitely know what you mean." Looking back down at his plate, he set his fork down, and wiped his mouth with a napkin. "I think my stomach is empathizing with yours." That made me laugh. "Queasy?" He nodded. "Oh yeah." Smiling, I got up to clean out my glass and put up the crackers. My tummy was now happy...ish. Well, better than it was before. Unfortunately, they needed to rename morning sickness to all-day sickness, especially for me. Behind me, Jacob's phone chimed. "Carlisle said he's ready for us." "Okay. I'm ready if you are." We bundled up and headed out. Shelby, Seth, and Brayden met us at the head of the drive. The dirt road wound around the lake to stop at their cabin across the way. Seth, after having been killed in a fight saving Jacob's life and brought back by Shelby, looked better than he had in weeks. Shelby was a werewolf, a member of the Children of the Moon, an infected type of werewolf. The infection was called lycanthropy, and was what had brought Seth back when Shelby had mixed her blood with his. He'd been having difficulties dealing with the side-effects of the disease, and was learning how to cope with the help of Caden and Calahan, two alpha males who belonged to that type of werewolf. Brayden was nearing three months old and was growing a little every day. He was sitting up on his own, and had even started trying to roll over. Shelby had sent me videos. I couldn't wait for my own memories. "Hey," Shelby said, hefting Brayden in her arms. He was hanging onto her shoulder and looking around, wide-eyed at all the snow. "What are you guys up to?" I shook Brayden's outstretched hand and made faces at him. He grinned and laughed up at me. "Hey, big boy," I said in a baby voice. "You like that snow, huh?" "Oh, yeah," Seth said. "He loves it. Especially hitting me when it lands on my skin." Jacob laughed. "Hey, the world's still new to him. At least he doesn't have much strength yet." "That's true," Seth agreed. "So, where are you two headed?" "Carlisle. We're getting our first ultrasound and a shot of reality," Jacob said. "Let me tell ya, I'm still having issues believing this." Shelby and Seth shared a look and a smile. "It's pretty powerful," Seth said. "I didn't really believe it either, even with all the symptoms, until I saw that ultrasound. Of course, it'll make more of an impact once the baby gets bigger and actually has shape to it instead of just a little speck." Brayden reached for me, and Shelby let me take him. He had his little hat on with the points on each side. It had started to snow again, and he tilted his head back, squinting at the brightness of the clouds. When a flake landed on his pink nose, he sneezed. We all laughed. Shelby walked over to adjust his hat. "So, in a month or so you can find out what it is. Are you going to or do you want to be surprised?" Jake and I exchanged a look. He shrugged. Laughing, I said, "I think we're just trying to wrap our heads around the fact that there's a baby at all. We'll probably decide when the time comes. But, personally? I'd like to know. It would be nice not to call my baby 'it' the entire pregnancy." Jacob's brows pulled low as if he were thinking about it. And then he nodded. "Good point. I agree." Seth laughed. "Decision made, then." "Apparently. So what are the three of you up to today?" I asked, bouncing Brayden as we started walking down the drive. "I'm on my way to meet up with Caden and Calahan," Seth said. He used to say that with shame, but after seeing our support, he realized that it was just a thing for him to do, a way to help himself. We were all proud of him that he'd admitted to a problem and was seeking help to get better. "Brayden and I have a lunch date with my dad and Audrey. I think they're going to tell me that they're getting married. Which would surprise nobody. So, back to you," she said. I rolled my eyes. "Shut up. I'm excited," she said. "We're going to be moms together. Our babies are gonna be about the same age." "Almost a year apart." "I said 'about'. Anyways, what do you think it's gonna be?" Taking the question seriously, I thought about all those months ago when I kept having those weird dreams. The one about the kids kept popping up. The eldest had been a boy, then a girl, and I'd been pregnant with the third in the dream. And Cricket, Aunt Alice's actual niece, had said something about our "first born son". With Brayden playing in my hair, I shrugged. "I don't know. I guess I've always had an image of a boy." Jacob snorted. "That's what your mom said about you. Look how that turned out." Turning to him, I punched his arm. Brayden giggled in my arms. "And aren't you glad she was wrong?" Rubbing his arm, he gave me a look. "Well, yeah. That would have been awkward." As I rolled my eyes again, Seth and Shelby laughed. "What about you, Jake?" Seth asked, still laughin. "What do you think?" He shrugged, but was thinking about it, clearly remembering the same things I had. "It could go either way, I guess. I don't really have a vision of it or anything." Seth clapped him on the back. "You will once you see that ultrasound." "Yeah," Shelby said, taking Brayden from me. "The one we're keeping you from." To my surprise, we'd made it all the way down to the house. I'd been too busy thinking about Shelby's question to really pay attention. They said their goodbyes and took off in different directions in the woods. Looking up at the house, I breathed in deep. Jacob took my hand and in we went. Surprisingly, the kitchen was quiet. Usually, Esme was in here cooking up a storm for the wolves that would stop by to check in. But it made sense that not many wolves came around. The patrols had died down, become relaxed, since the danger was over. Any patrols nearby would be heard by my dad, so there really was no need for them to stop in. Mom was lounging on the couch, reading. Dad was on the piano for the first time in months, playing Mom's lullaby. Aunt Rose and Uncle Emmett were talking about another wedding. Aunt Rose wanted another, but Uncle Emmett was wondering why. Uncle Jasper was breaking in his new glass chess set with Trey, Cricket's boyfriend. Aunt Alice was channel surfing. "Hey, baby," Mom said with a smile as we walked into the living room. "Hey, Mom. It's quiet