Hey, guys! I'm back! Yes, yes, I know. I need to update Alpha's Daughter. And I'm trying! I promise. I haven't abandoned it. However, I want to introduce the sequel to The Choosing. I'm sure people are wondering how I'm going to cause problems amongst my fans with this one. I can tell you that this story is going to be all out for me. I am not going to hold anything back whether it be gory, sexually explicit, or anything else. I want to test my limits and my abilities and this is the best way to do it. If I lose fans, favorites, or followers...well, to each their own. Hopefully this time, I won't be misleading with my summary. This will not be just a romance. So buckle up, buttercups. This one is going to be a doozy. Please Enjoy! The Circle A Month after the End of The Choosing. RenesmeePOV In the crisp morning air, Renesmee Black took a deep breath and let it out in a cloud that streamed from between her lips. She was dressed in a black jogging suit but had shucked the jacket in favor of her tank. She was out early for training. Weeks ago, in the battle with Rex and his pack, Ren had lost a friend, Tiana. Tiana had been a witch; her element had been fire. As she'd lain dying in Ren's arms, she'd transferred her power to Ren. Now, Ren was what was known as an inherited witch. At first, she'd just wanted to ignore her new power. Tiana's instructions had been to let it guide her and for weeks, there had been no urge to use it. But now, when her emotions became high, she tended to burn things with just a touch. "Concentrate," her witch tutor, Vella, instructed now. "There is more to the power than fire. Every witch has the basic abilities, and so will you." Gritting her teeth, Ren held her hand out and concentrated on trying to levitate the rock from the ground. She'd mastered the stick easily. But it seemed the heavier object was more of a challenge. She could feel the fire burn in her veins as a glow started up under her skin. The effort made her shake until her joints hurt. Releasing the tension, she dropped her hands and shook her head. Vella sighed, wrapping her green cloak around her. "Perhaps that should be enough for today. Maybe practice on some household items. Until our next session, I'll try to find another fire witch. They're so very rare, though. I'm sorry I can't be more help, your highness." Ren smiled tiredly at her as she reached for her jacket. "Don't be too hard on yourself, Vella. Your specialty is the forest, not fire. Each element probably reacts with the basic abilities differently. To be honest, I'm surprised we've actually gotten this far." Vella inclined her head, her dark green hair falling over her shoulder. Her skin was a lovely light brown and her eyes were the color of bright moss. "Your graciousness is appreciated. Nevertheless, I will still gather the other witches to search for a fire elemental." "Thank you, Vella." She bowed again, and this time when she came up, there was a beautiful purple flower in her hand. It was a species Ren had never seen before. "For the princess," Vella said. Ren smiled. "She'll love it. Thank you." She took the flower and the witch disappeared into the trees. Ren took a deep breath and started down the path out of the clearing that would lead to where Cris was waiting for her. This park was huge and wonderful for teaching. She and Jacob had run through it a thousand times, but not recently. He and Micah, the king who had offered them and their pack shelter, were making plans to set up Ren and Jacob's new territory. Cris bowed to her as she came out of the trees. "Ren." She smiled at him and put her arm through his when he offered it. "Hey, Cris," she said, patting his hand. "So how'd it go?" "Ugh," she groaned, rolling her eyes. "Terrible. I can get the stick to float. But the rock? Heaven forbid." He grinned. "You'll get it. It takes years of practice to perfect the basics." "Yeah but I have the fire part down." "Of course you do. When a witch is born with an element or affinity, they tend to master that much faster because it's unique to only them. Tiana's power has adapted to you. Think of the element as the advanced intelligence while the basic abilities are less evolved. The fire has personality; the basics are the mechanical frame. You have the personality but are still building the frame." Thinking on it, Ren bit her lip and nodded. "That makes sense, I suppose." Cris patted her hand. "You'll get it. I have every faith in you." Ren butted her head against his shoulder. "Thanks. Do you know if Jacob is going to meet up with Micah?" Cris's expression went blank as he looked down at her and cleared his throat. "Adair called about a half hour ago. Several enforcer leaders from the different districts in the territory are attending the meeting as well. Micah intends to start construction on the wall very soon." Ren sighed as they walked through the park. "Ren, if I may ask?" Ren smiled. "Cris, I thought we were over this asking permission thing? You're like a brother to me. If there's something you want to say, by all means, say it. But to answer your question, I just feel like he needs to spend more time at home. Even though Grace's growth has slowed down, he still needs to be home with her. I understand he doesn't want to seem like we're taking advantage of Micah's hospitality, and I don't want to seem needy, but he's running himself ragged." Cris held her arm tighter and looked out at the woods. "Ren, Jacob loves you and Grace. But because of you, he now loves the pack much more than he did before. Not only is he taking his immediate family into account, but what's left of our pack as well." And that made her feel bad for even feeling jilted at not having her husband around all the time. But she missed him. Grace didn't, though. Jacob often took her with him. She was a daddy's girl through and through and loved following him around. She was also popular among all the wolves, and Ren had a sneaking feeling that many who attended the meetings went home with baby fever. Some days, however, Grace wanted to stay home with her momma, which made Ren glow happily. Today, her daughter had gone with Jacob. They were trying not to rely too heavily on friends and family to take care of her. Ren took a deep breath and tried to let it go. "So enough about me. How are you and Charlotte?" With that, he closed up, taking his own deep breath. "We're…fine," he said lamely. "That didn't sound very enthusiastic, Cris. Do you want to talk about it?" Now he looked down at her considering. "Actually, I would." Ren looked up at him. "I'm all ears." He took a moment to collect his thoughts. "She…she wants to go to the next step. I don't blame her; I just don't know if I can." She frowned. "Mating or marriage?" Huffing a laugh, he shook his head. "No, not yet." "Then what step?" He looked at her out of the corner of his eye and said, "The physical one." Ren's eyebrows shot up. "Oh. She wants...sex." He nodded. "And you're not ready?" She flushed. "I'm sorry. I guess I assumed…we all did." Clearing his throat, he shook his head. "No. The wolf inside me wants to claim her. But the man in me, the person, remembers Hannah." Speeding up, Ren hurried to stand in front of him and took his hands. "Cris, you will always remember Hannah. That won't ever change. But you aren't honoring her memory by holding yourself back. She'd want you to have the family you've always wanted. She isn't here anymore, and I think she's in a better place now. Here, you have Charlotte, a woman who understands your pain. Have you talked to her about this?" He shook his head, his thumbs tracing her knuckles. "No. I don't want to burden her with another woman." Sympathizing, Ren squeezed his fingers. "I understand where you're coming from, but Charlotte already knows about Hannah. She'll understand better if you explain to her what the problem is." Clenching his jaw, he looked off into the trees. The leaves were lush and green from the summer rains they'd had. Birds chirped happily in the morning sunshine and the cool breeze sweeping through the branches. It really was a beautiful park. Lovely for reading or playing with kids. "But how do I fix the problem?" he asked, his tone thick with frustration. "I hate the battle in my head." "Well, do you want to be with Charlotte sexually?" He frowned. "I do and I don't." "You won't be betraying Hannah or her memory, Cris. Look, I think you and Jacob are similar. He held himself back because of what Gemma did to him. He wouldn't let himself heal until I forced him. Maybe the lack of a sexual relationship and Charlotte pushing for one will help you heal even more. I know what kind of woman Charlotte is. For now, she'll be understanding. But the longer you put off being physical, the more she'll think about eventually giving you an ultimatum. At least, that's what I would do. If it were me and Jacob, I would take it as Jacob not trusting me or really wanting to be with me. I don't want to be nosy, and you don't have to answer, but can I ask you something super personal?" Looking around, his enforcer's eyes made sure they were alone before nodding. Ren swallowed. "Do you two sleep in the same bed?" Again he nodded, looking down at her. Ren sighed. "No offense, but that's even more of a strain. You sleep in the same bed and yet you haven't given her any hint that you want to ravish her in that bed." He frowned. "But I do want her." "Does she really know that?" she asked. "Does she know the conflict you're having? Or have you just been holding everything back and only touching her to hold her? When a woman wants a man, she wants what only that man can give her. I'm not trying to talk you into sex. I'm just trying to give you an idea of what she might be thinking. See, she knows about Hannah, so she's probably concluded that that's what your hesitation is about. What's worrying Charlotte is that you won't talk to her about it. Because that is what a relationship is about. It's putting your cards on the table and trusting your partner won't hold some of the crappy cards against you. It took some pretty awful events to convince Jacob that I understood his life hadn't been sunshine and rainbows and that I was committed to him. Of course, any woman in her right mind would have left him and let the pack deal with his transgressions according to their laws, but I'm not in my right mind. I always saw and still do see the best in Jacob. And look how far he's come." Ren squeezed his hands. "Let Charlotte help you, because I believe she can. Just talk to her. Please. You're the brother I never had and I want what's best for you. You deserve it." Taking pity on her, Cris wrapped his arms around her. "I can only promise to try. It's difficult to talk about Hannah with anyone other than you. But I will