Okay, guys! As promised...JULES! And I did change her first name. You'll see in this chapter. I'm so excited. And a little tidbit about the third story? They won't be staying in Forks for the pregnancy! How intense is that? Does it make you drool, wanting more? Me, too! Anywhozzle! I really love Jake in this chapter. Every woman wants a man like that to father her kids. I mean, damn ! So hot. Oh, oh, oh...Leah and Caden are in this chapter. Kind of sad what they talk about, but I feel it's kind of necessary. *Disclaimer* Please Enjoy! April JPOV We were pregnant again. Four months to be exact. But this baby was growing a lot faster than our son, William. He'd progressed at a normal rate, a full nine months even though he was now developing faster outside the womb. He was eating foods that were a month or so advanced for eight months old, trying to talk, and crawling. The coffee table and our legs had become his favorite tools to help him try to stand. But this new baby, a baby girl, was cooking fast. Nessie looked like she was six months pregnant rather than four. Almost as soon as we'd found out the sex, she was having to wear her further-along maternity clothes or my sweats and hoodies. We were currently sitting on the couch in our normal way: her back against the arm of the couch, feet in my lap while I sat with my feet on the coffee table. The only difference from before was that our son was sitting pinned between the bar of his mother's legs and the back cushion. He was currently banging his sippy cup against her knees. She didn't seem to mind. "Well," I said to her while she glowered, "at least you're not craving blood as much as you did with him." She growled. Will laughed, his honey brown eyes staring up at her adoringly. Definitely going to be a momma's boy. He loved her. On reflex, she reached out to rub her hand over his dark hair. "Yeah well, I'm blowing up too fast. I'm going to get stretch marks." I felt bad for the blackberry she viciously pulverized with those teeth. "Seriously, what was in your little soldiers this time?" I choked on the water I'd been trying to drink. She was glaring at me and pulverizing another blackberry. "Well?" "What, you want me to answer that? How do you know it was my...me? Maybe that egg inside you was a super egg. Don't blame me." She crossed her arms over her very swollen belly. "You don't have to be pregnant. I'm blaming everything on you." Tilting my glass at her, I smirked. "Takes two to tango, baby." Her heel dug into my thigh, painfully close to my balls. I jumped. "Hey! Watch the equipment, woman." "Why?" she asked dryly. "I've seen it before...in action." I spluttered again. Will giggled up at his mother. I glared down at him playfully and then scooped him up, standing him on Nessie's shins. "Traitor. You won't be laughing when you piss off some girl and she makes a not so nice crotch shot." Will laughed and shook his arms excitedly, the sippy cup catching me on the temple a couple times. Nessie was laughing while she watched us. Despite her grouchiness, she was excited about another addition to our family. My sister, Rachel, was six months pregnant with her first baby, a girl, too. She constantly said that it wasn't fair that Nessie got pregnant after her and would meet her daughter sooner, but I could tell she was kidding, that she was happy her pregnancy was progressing normally. I was happy, too, because I wasn't sure Rachel would be able to handle an abnormally fast-growing baby and all the pressures to get things ready. We were already prepared after having one baby. Will was still in the nursery paralleling our closet, but we would move him up to the nursery I'd already put together for him on the third floor so our daughter could sleep in the nursery downstairs with us. Will was pretty good about sleeping through the night and we'd want our newborn close by to be able to reach her faster. If the baby kept growing at the rate she was, Carlisle expected her to arrive around the end of June or early July. Not very long at all. She'd be born before our son turned a year old. If our kids went to public school instead of home-schooled, we'd have to say that we got pregnant with her almost immediately after Will was born, like the month that we were cleared to start having sex again. Like the husband and father I was, I worried about the fast development and the health of my wife and daughter. But Carlisle had assured me that both Nessie and our baby girl were perfectly healthy. I worried anyway. But despite that, Nessie still forced me to go to work on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday so that she and Will could have their play dates with Emily and Shelby. She didn't want this pregnancy to be like the first one where she didn't leave the house. Instead, on days that I wasn't at work, we'd take walks around the rez with Will. He loved the beach and all the pebbles, but he was in that stage where he wanted to put everything in his mouth just because he could and liked to worry us. I cold already see that mischievous little glint in his eyes. He'd probably be mommy's little angel and daddy's little devil. But looking at him now, all I could see in him was his mother, despite the dark skin and hair. The honey-colored eyes reminded me of Nessie even though hers were milk chocolate like Bella's. He just reminded me of his mother because of how much I loved him, how much I'd loved him from the moment Carlisle had first put him in our arms. I would do anything for my son, just as I would do anything for his mother. And soon, his little sister. A sharp pinch on my arm brought me out of my thoughts. "Ouch." I looked over at Nessie. She shook her head. "Wasn't me. Your son needs his nails clipped again. But what were you thinking about so hard?" Letting Will go a little, he leaned forward against my chest, head held back as his hands searched my face. "Something like holding him for the first time with you was like me imprinting on you. I loved him immediately, more than I thought I had while you were pregnant with him. And how much I'm going to love this little girl." Grinning, she rubbed her belly. "Yeah, me too. It's weird. Even though I had the dream, I could picture us more with a bunch of boys. Having a girl just seems...foreign." I laughed. "Maybe to you, but I've always wanted a little girl. For my mom, you know?" "Well, with her impending birth approaching, we should start looking at names." Her tone told me that she'd already been thinking about it. "Any ideas?" She shrugged. "I was thinking about the dream. In it, you called her Jules. So...maybe that was a nickname. Julie?" Mulling it over, I shook my head. "No, I don't like that one." "Julia?" "Something longer than the nickname. That's what a nickname is for. Like 'Jake' for 'Jacob'." She gave me a look. "Really? 'Jacob' is only one letter longer than 'Jake'. Anyways, I refuse to name my daughter Juliette." I made a face. "Totally agree with that. Naming my daughter after a suicidal teenager just doesn't do it for me." Will took the opportunity to shove his hand in my mouth and grip my teeth. Giving him a look while he giggled, I pulled it out, sputtering. "That is disgusting, son. I don't know where your hands have been." He just laughed. After rolling my eyes, I gripped his tiny hands and sobered up. "I'd like to try to name her after my mom in some way." We'd already named Will after Billy and Edward. If we had anymore kids, we'd run out of names. "Oh, I've had that covered for ages. I just did what my mom did. I'm not negotiating on the middle name." I looked at her. "What your mom did?" "Combined their names. Sarabella." I had to be the most emotional man on the planet because I was suddenly swallowing past a lump in my throat. "When did you come up with that?" She smiled like she knew I was fighting emotion. "I think it was before Will was born. I just know that's what her middle name will be. What about Julianna for her first name?" Holding onto Will's arms and pulling him away from my body, I held him while he bounced his legs. It was good exercise for him from what I was told, helped him build up his muscles so he could walk. "I don't know. I mean, I like it. I just don't know how it sounds with Sarabella." She said it a few times out loud, testing it. Then she shook her head. "Yeah, you're right. It sounds weird. Doesn't roll right. Damn, I liked that one, too." We lapsed into silence, a small frown between her eyebrows. She looked down at her belly and contemplated. I was more interested in playing with Will. Scooting out from under her legs, I went to lay down on the floor, putting Will on his back, my arms framing him as I rested on my elbows. He gurgled up at me, his four little teeth gleaming. Making faces at him between raspberries on his tummy, he put his hands on my face while he laughed and giggled. Eventually, he got tired of being on his back. So I watched as he rolled over, putting his hands and legs under him. And then he was off, crawling and sliding over the hardwood floors. Unfortunately, he went for the fireplace. Always the fireplace. Going up on my own hands and knees, I crawled after him. "No, no," I said and turned him around. Wrapping my arm around him, I set him on his feet so he could see Ness over the coffee table. Pointing, I said, "See Mommy? Go get Mommy." His face broke out in a grin as she smiled excitedly at him. Laughing again, he sank down to the floor and crawled for the couch. Our coffee table was a big open space underneath so he could move under it. He did. Once he got to the couch, he used it to pull himself up on his feet. Nessie clapped. "Yay! You did it. That's my big boy." She picked him up and sat him down on her thighs, his legs on each side of her belly. Since he was still a little uncoordinated and tended to hit too hard, she held his wrists as she put his hands to her tummy. We both watched his face. Apparently, the baby was moving. It was confirmed when Will's face exploded with joy. Ness let his hands go and he started clapping, a move that made his whole body jump. Crawling around, I moved to kneel beside the couch. Pressing my palm on her lower abdomen, I only had to wait a few seconds before I felt my daughter kick or punch. Nessie winced. "She always gets active when you come closer or when you talk." I grinned. "Daddy's little girl already." "Oh hush," she said not unkindly, a small smile stretching her lips. "What about Julene?" "Huh?" "Her name. Julene. It's different; haven't heard it a million times." "Hmmm, Julene Sarabella Black." I grinned. "I like it." Leaning down over Nessie's stomach, I said, "What do you think?" and pressed my ear to