Ha! Jules and Bray are back! Lots of Piper and Jason, too. I'm so excited for this story. I really don't even know what to say! *Disclaimer* Please enjoy! Picks up right after First Born Son…August JulesPOV Thank god Piper and I shared the same English class at the end of the day because as soon as the bell rang, Piper, Brayden, and I practically ran out of the school. Dox, Ash, Ava, and Gage met us outside the cafeteria. We'd all gotten the pack-wide text from Will. He and Hunter were having a baby! My excitement knew no bounds. But since I still didn't have a car yet, we all had to run. Dad said we'd car shop closer to the end of the year. I could deal with that. He was, after all, buying me a car. Brayden was my protection detail since it hadn't even been a year since I first phased. We both knew I didn't need it, so he claimed that he was also sticking around for the twins and his sister. Even though Jason was always close by, watching over Piper. The text had been a picture of Hunter and Will with their backs to the camera. They were wearing identical white shirts that had "Team Black" across the shoulders in black lettering. Will had a number one on his, jersey style. Hunter's was a number two. And between them, they held a tiny shirt that had a number three. Under the number read, "Baby Girl Coming Soon!" Both of them were looking over their shoulders to smile at the camera. We all skidded down their driveway in the slick mud. Mom and Dad's truck was already here. After hurriedly wiping our feet, we flung ourselves through the front door. Everybody at the dining room table looked up. Mom, Dad, Uncle Caden, and Aunt Leah sat with Will and Hunter. Squealing, I ran to Hunter. She stood up and hugged me back. "Congratulations!" "Thank you." "So what makes you think it's a girl?" Will spoke up. "Aunt Alice sent us these." I looked to the table and saw a matching hat, mitten, and bootie set in purple and pink. I made a happy pouty face while Gage pushed me out of the way to hug his sister. So I went to my brother. And started crying. "I love you, hero. You so deserve this." He kissed the top of my head. "I love you, too." "I, for one," Dox said, "cannot wait to see Will with a daughter. Not gonna be so tough when he's a puddle of goo on the floor." Will flipped him off and the room burst into laughter. Ash clapped Will on the shoulder. "Don't listen to him. Dad has Jules and he's still a badass." Dad chuckled. "It is different having a daughter." Hunter frowned and looked at her own dad. "My father once told me the same thing." She and Caden smiled at each other. Moving back, I stood with Brayden as Piper moved to hug Hunter. Over the months, the two of them had been talking a lot. Piper had gone to her to apologize after hearing Hunter's story. The two of them helped out up at Uncle Walker's camp. I didn't know the extent of Jason's involvement with Piper, but I had a feeling he had something to do with it. Getting up, Mom came over to hug me. "So, what do you think about being an aunt?" "Are you kidding? I'm stoked. And if it's really going to be a girl, I say hallelujah! We need more estrogen in this ocean." We grinned at each other as Dad's phone rang. "Yeah?" He chuckled. "Shocking. Hold on. Let me ask." He held the phone away from his mouth and look around the room before his gaze landed on Will. "Walker says Bianca and Angelica are dying to throw another party, this time for the two of you. Whatchya say?" Will looked stoked. "I'm game." He looked down to Hunter. "What about you? You up for it?" She grinned, green eyes glowing. "Absolutely." Dad put the phone to his face again. "Looks like we're in." BraydenPOV The party was in full swing, food being passed around and people dancing. Jules, Piper, and Ava were all staying around Hunter. Those that weren't dancing were separated into groups by male and female. Standing close to Will, I couldn't help but watch my sister…and her blond shadow. The way Jason looked at her made me think of a leopard watching a group of zebras, trying to decide if it was worth it to hunt them. But only if the leopard and zebra were having a relationship. His stare was hungry as he watched her. And with any other guy that got too close to her, his upper lip would peel from his teeth. "Bray?" Will asked. "What's up?" I shook myself and looked back at my best friend, more like a brother. He was positively glowing. Every now and then, his gaze would search out Hunter, no doubt making sure she was okay. I loved this for him. They both deserved it. And honestly, I couldn't wait to see him with a baby. But I could tell both of them were also uneasy about it. Teenage parents. Nobody else cared, though. Nobody sneered at them that they were too young. Both of them worked, Will full time at the shop. For us wolves, starting a family young wasn't as big a deal. Especially with our support system. I tried to smile nonchalantly. "Nothing. I'm good." He raised an eyebrow. "Liar." And then he looked over my shoulder in the direction I'd been watching Piper. "Ah, Jason?" Frowning a little, I shrugged. "I don't get it." Will shrugged. "Well, they are two very dominant people. It makes sense that he would be attracted to her." "Doesn't mean I have to like it. She doesn't even seem to notice that he's around. I mean, is he stalking her?" "Couldn't tell you. Why don't you ask him?" I shook my head. "It's your night. Don't worry about me." He pushed me. "Go on, man. If you don't, you'll be cranky the rest of the night. And I know you owe my sister a dance. You're not doing that in a bad mood." I smirked. "That an order?" "I can make it one," he countered. Taking in a deep breath, I clapped him on the arm. "Alright, baby daddy, I'm going." Grinning, he rolled his eyes. He couldn't lie. He was loving it. He pushed me away toward the crowd. I pushed through the dancers around the bonfire, keeping my eye on Jason. He was keeping to the shadows around the crowd, watching my sister. But then he froze, head tilting as if listening. He blinked and then turned his head in my direction. When he caught sight of me, he moved away, starting toward one of the cabins. Hurriedly, I got through the crowd and followed him. "Jason," I called. He ducked his head and started walking faster. "Jason!" Running, I caught up to him at the side of a cabin at the edge of the trees. Grabbing his arm, I spun him around. "What?" he growled, ripping his arm out of my grasp. "You know what. We need to talk." "I haven't done anything." His blue eyes were sharp and intense as he looked away. I put my face in his line of sight. "Stalking my sister isn't doing anything? I see the way you watch her. Does she know you skulk in the shadows?" Whipping around, he growled. "I don't skulk. If she looked, she'd see me." "But that's the point, isn't it? She doesn't look for you because she doesn't want you around." His upper lip lifted from his teeth. "She didn't say that." The tone surprised me. It sounded hurt and like he was trying to convince himself. "No, she didn't say that," I assured him for some reason. "What are your intentions toward her?" His gaze was very direct. "I'd never hurt her." "So you do want her?" He just stared at me. Backing him up to the wall of the cabin, I got in his face and lowered my voice. "My sister deserves the best. If you mess with her, you better treat her with respect and have her permission. Got me?" For a moment, he just stared at me. And then, from between clenched teeth, he said, "Got it." "Good. If I hear you've treated her differently, you're gonna know the pain of your own blade." Putting his hands on my shoulders, he pushed me back. "I said I got it. And I don't like being threatened." His eyes flashed, and I caught a glimpse of the soldier he really was. I narrowed my eyes. "Do you know anything about my sister?" Again, he looked away from me. "I would if she'd actually talk to me." Yeah, that sounded like Piper. "Then let me give you a tip. She's a lot more fragile than she lets on." He met my gaze again. "What do you mean?" Sighing, I ran a hand through my hair. "It's hard to get along with her. She acts tough, like nothing bothers her. But she's just like any other girl with emotions. She wants to feel important, and if you can't give her that, then stay away from her." "You really care about her, don't you?" "You have sisters. Don't you care about them?" "Well, yeah, but they can take care of themselves." Exasperated, I shook my head. "It's not about them being able to take care of themselves. Piper can take of herself. We've all had the same fight training. It's about us wanting what's best for them. Females want to be looked after. Piper isn't the only woman who wants to know she's important." He just frowned. I sighed. "I'm sure your sisters would like to know that they're important to you. Look, Piper and I know the culture of your kind of wolf. We were raised learning both ways but we live with the Quileute pack. Therefore we identify more with them. I don't know what your angle is toward Piper. I just need to know that she's being taken care of." I paused, studying him. He was starting to look nervous, swallowing hard over and over, his eyes flickering. "Is she your true mate?" Now his eyes met mine. Different emotions crossed his face. He opened his mouth to answer. "Bray?" Looking over my shoulder, I saw Piper standing there. Her green eyes darted between me and Jason. "What's going on?" she asked. I backed away from the enforcer. "Nothing. Just having a chat. What's up?" Her eyes narrowed, telling me she knew I was lying. "Well, stop whatever you're not doing. Jules is looking for you." Pivoting on my heel, I moved toward her. "Something wrong?" "Nope. She just wants to dance and make out with her boyfriend." Grinning, a sense of satisfaction flushed through me. My sister gave me a look. "Quit puffing your chest out. You look stupid." Ignoring the comment, I leaned in to kiss her cheek. When I moved past her, I expected her to follow me, but she didn't. "You coming?" She shook her head. "Like I wanna see you stick your tongue down my best friend's throat? No, thanks." Smile fading, I looked over at Jason. His eyes were glued to Piper. I didn't like it, but I knew Piper would fight me if I tried to force her away. It was clear she wanted to stay behind with Jason. Plastering on another smile, I nodded. "Suit yourself. Where is she?" Those eyes narrowed again, probably wondering what was up with me. "Probably went back to stand with Hunter." "Got it." I shot one last look at the enforcer before diving into the crowd to find my girlfriend. JasonPOV Piper