*Rubs hands togeth er* Alright. I'm trying something new in the Ness/Jake world. Definitely OOC. Don't worry! I'm still going to update my other stories! I just wanted to put this up to see how well it would fare. So anybody familiar with my previous work should be warned that this is totally different than what we're used to seeing from our favorite couple. I'm just really happy with how this turned out, and my helper was pleased with it as well so I decided to put it up and test the waters. I figured that some of my readers might need a different view of Ness and Jake. I'm hoping that you'll like it, so I really do need reviews to know if I should continue! Oh, and not as much Jake POV in this story. Sorry, that's just how it's coming to me. Ness is a really strong presence in this one. *Disclaimer* RPOV: The bell above the door jingled, alerting Renesmee Cullen from the back that someone had come into the store. It wasn't an automatic bell. Nope, the pack leader, upon moving into town had banned them because sometimes their pitches were too high and hurt the pack's sensitive hearing. She'd only seen the alpha male a couple times but had never interacted with him. A fact for which she was grateful. He was terrifying. "Hello?" "Sorry! I'll be there in a sec!" Renesmee and her mother had opened a bookstore together. The library had long gone out of business and once the pack leader had moved in there was no coming and going as one pleased to Port Angeles to buy books. He'd gated off the whole town of Forks and the Quileute reservation quite literally. Tall walls lined the perimeter. And there was only one entrance and exit. The front gates. Supposedly, they were warded and nothing could get through them without some serious mystical help. So, her mother had petitioned the pack leader, the pack's king, to open a bookstore. Reading was important after all. He'd allowed it, but only allowing them to take from manufacturers he approved of. At least he wasn't a Nazi over what books they could sell. At the moment, Ren was straightening up the overstock room, trying to make it more accessible. Climbing down from the ladder, she brushed her dusty hands on her jeans as she went out into the main room. A girl around her age was standing at the counter. Ren frowned. She'd never seen this girl before, which living in walled off small town was an improbability. Therefore, she was new around here. "Hi," Ren said. "Can I help you with something?" The girl sagged in relief. "Thank God. You seem nicer than the last guy I tried to ask for help." She laughed a little. "Well I hope I am. I'm Renesmee. Most people call me Ren. What can I do for you?" She smiled gratefully. "I'm Mindy. And I am looking for Jacob Black." Ren raised her eyebrows. "You mean the pack leader?" She nodded, the red streaks in her hair sliding in and out of sight. "I'm, uh, joining his pack. A transfer." So she was a wolf, too. Instantly, Ren was spooked but she tried not to show it. "Uh, yeah. The pack is actually settled between here and the rez. Let me try to write the directions. I've never been there so I can't explain from experience." Mindy nodded. "I understand. And you don't have to be scared of me. I'd never hurt anybody. That's how I was raised." Ren looked up from the paper she'd pulled in front of her. "You were born a…?" The girl nodded again. "Yeah. My parents raised me to be respectful of human life. After all, according to some legends, we originated from humans. The very first werewolves were cursed humans forced to live as the monsters they were acting like." Feeling nauseated, Ren finished the instructions and handed them to the girl. "Well, that's what I know. There is a small store at the edge of town closer to the pack. If you get lost, stop in and ask them. They would probably know." The girl looked down at the paper and smiled. "Thank you again. And I'm sorry if I frightened you." She seemed genuinely nice enough. There were a few wolves from the pack who were friendly when they came in, but they still made Ren nervous. She smiled, though. "Maybe I'll see you around. If you like to read, we're the only bookstore around." "I do like to read, so I will more than likely be back." She waved as she left the store. Ren relaxed on the stool she'd collapsed on. Even though she'd lived around wolves all her life, they still made her uneasy. Especially the highly aggressive dominant wolves. They didn't seem to care if a woman said no. They took what they wanted, when they wanted. On that front, Jacob Black had made it an order to his wolves not to take unwilling partners. It was a law for them punishable by death at his or his enforcers' hands. The execution would be public so that the human residents had confirmation the menace was put down. She would know. She'd seen a handful of them herself over the past year or so that the pack had been here. Another reason she was nervous around them? She could see them, as in tell them apart from humans even when they were trying to pass for human. It was like a flickering candle lit up in their skin, and she could see the wolf form silhouetted inside their human form. It was eerie as all get out. But it only worked on infected wolves. Not born wolves like Mindy, which was why she couldn't tell what she was. Sighing, Ren put her head in her hands. At least Mindy was pleasant. It might be nice seeing her in the bookstore. Ren didn't have any friends. She was too busy helping her mom with the store. Besides, practically everyone came here so she still got to interact. What would it be like to have an actual friend? Weird, she decided. Very weird. JPOV Sitting on the throne in the huge cabin created just for special events and meetings, Jacob Black grinded his teeth. Surprisingly, they didn't turn to dust in his mouth. He was irritated that he had to be here at all, but the alpha female, Odette, had called the meeting. She was a vicious bitch trying to force him into finding a mate. She wanted to be his wolf mate, had fought and fucked her way to the top of the females, and had expected to be taken as his queen. He loathed the female though he respected her ferocity in challenges. He recognized the same ruthlessness in himself. Hence the reason he was king. However, mating her was off the table. He'd never mate with a female wolf. It was not a chance he wanted to take. He'd killed a lot of people, wolves, but the prospect of killing his own young was not one he wanted put in front of him. Instead, to slake his lust, he often took willing human females from one of the two towns at times that they weren't fertile. Young from any female wasn't something he needed right now. Not with Odette blowing smoke up his ass. "Odette, give it up," Adair, Jacob's second in command, was saying. "This is a dead horse. Jacob will take a mate when he takes a mate. And you know it will be a human. So whether he decides to mate now, it will not be with you, so why are you bringing this up yet again?" The small French woman faced him. "He could always take a female wolf. It's not unheard of. Besides, he's been our king for well over ten years. He's not getting any younger." Jacob's hackles raised, but he let them duke it out. His second in command could handle himself and had always had Jacob's back since he took the throne. Adair crossed his arms over his massive chest. "And just why would you care if he has any young? You can't bear them for him unless you want to be the one to kill them." She flinched, pain making her hunch into herself. It had been a low blow, but Adair didn't stand down. He was simply reminding her what would happen if Jacob did mate her and she were to birth a young. Children born to male and female wolf couples were close to sociopaths, functioning solely on instinct. They were born in animal form and stayed that way for years. If they could manage to shift to human form, they would only look human. Those young couldn't or wouldn't take orders. Even ordered not to kill under penalty of death, they'd still go through their urges, seeing the humans as food even in their human forms. None of those young were still alive. They'd all been killed by their own parents. Which explained Odette's pain. All anyone knew was she'd had to put down her own son after getting pregnant by her wolf mate. Only the most ruthless and heartless wolves took wolf mates. Even though wolves could sense fertility in other animals, sometimes fate just happened and a young came along. Jacob wasn't so ruthless to be able to kill a child, his own or otherwise. After a couple moments, Odette pulled herself together. Lifting her chin, she looked out at the crowd of a hundred or so wolves. "It's true that as alpha female, I naturally want the strongest mate, our king. What female wouldn't? But it's not just about that. Our king has been good to us since he became our king. Shouldn't we want to see him mated? See him have his young?" Jacob's eyes narrowed. It wasn't like the female to be generous. She made no bones that she wanted to bed her king, so why was she pushing for that king to be mated when she knew it wouldn't be her? Unfortunately, there were murmurs of agreement among the pack. A lot of agreement. Adair looked back at Jacob with raised eyebrows. Though Jacob was king and the pack wasn't a democracy, what his people thought and their views affected his decisions. He wanted what was best for them and constantly listened to their opinions and suggestions. He could tell that if they did put it to a vote for consideration, over half would agree with Odette that it was time for him to take a mate. "Not only that," Odette continued, "but mating a female from this territory would strengthen the ties, make this more our home. Sure, there are a number of us who have taken life mates from here, but our king taking one would unify us even more. We've been here for well over a year, nearly two. And he wants to settle us here. We all seem to be okay, even happy, with that. If we're to stay here, we need to create ties. The pack has. Now, our king should." Now a louder agreement rose up. Adair stalked up the two steps of the dais to bend down next Jacob's ear. "I can't argue with the second part of her logic, my liege. She has a point." "You haven't taken a mate," Jacob whispered back. Adair gave a wry half smile. "This argument is about the king. The king, I am not. Merely the second in command. But should you order me to take a mate, of course, I will." Jacob looked up at him with respect. Adair had been with him every second of the way since he'd joined the first pack, training him in the ways of the wolf. There had come a time when Jacob had saved Adair's life.