Woohoo! Who else is excited for this one? I am totally pumped! And I am not telling you ANYTHING about this story. No hints. So don't ask. Bahahahah! *Disclaimer* Please Enjoy! October RPOV Halloween. Jacob and I had just celebrated our third anniversary. Our son, Will, was two years old. Jules, his sister, was a little over a year. All the kids in our families and packs were gathering around the Cullen house to get ready to go trick-or-treating on the rez and in Forks. Half of Jacob's pack and half of Walker's pack was going to follow us around. Jules was dressed up as Tigger, the costume made by my mother, Bella. Will was going out as a dinosaur, also made by my mother. Shocking. I was surprised he didn't want to go as a car. Next year he'd probably be going out as his dad in a greased up t-shirt, jeans, and boots. I loved Halloween. Seeing all the kids together was just breathtaking. They were the next generation. And to see them all getting along was gorgeous. My mood changed when Tricia came up to me. I'd felt her staring at me all night. I shook my head. "Not now, Tricia. Please. Her eyes pleaded with me. "Nessie. Please. Help me out. If you don't, I'll do it alone." Turning away from everyone, I pulled her with me none too gently. "Tricia, this is not something that you can just jump into," I said angrily under my breath. "Or just decide out of thin air. I mean, have you even talked to Embry about this?" She stopped and pulled her arm out of my hold. "No, I haven't. And I'm not going to. This isn't his decision." "He's your husband. He should get a say. How do you think he'd react to someone infecting you?" The last bit was hissed out so nobody would hear it. For a moment, she gaped at me before straightening her shoulders. "He'd understand." I shook my head. "No, he'd go apeshit. You might be his wife, but I grew up with him. I know how he was before you and how he is now. As an outsider? I wouldn't attack you with a fly swatter. And if he found out I helped you…?" I shook my head again. "No, Tricia. Besides, who would you get to do it? Shelby won't. And Walker laid down rules for his wolves. There's no chance." Which wasn't exactly true. I knew of at least one who would probably sympathize with her enough to infect her. Which was exactly what she wanted. Months ago, she'd come to me begging to help her find a way to stay with her husband longer since he'd accepted the fact that he would have to stop phasing to age and die with her in a normal human lifespan. I'd said no then and ever since. Her ice blue eyes filled with tears. "What would you do if you were me? If you were human and Jacob wasn't? Gritting my teeth, I tried really hard not to sympathize myself. "Don't, Tricia. Don't do that to me." Reaching out, she gripped my arms under my shoulders. "You'd do the same thing, Ness. Don't even try to say you wouldn't." "That's not the point, Tricia." "Hey, ladies." Jacob had come to stand beside us with Jules in his arms. Fly away curls stuck out from her fitted hood. He looked between the two of us. "Everything okay?" His eyes honed in on Tricia's hands gripping my arms. Pulling out of her grasp, I nodded and smiled. "Yeah we're good. Just a woman thing. You know how it goes." As a distraction, I looked at Jules. "Hey, cutie. You ready to go get some candy?" I tickled her neck. She scrunched up and giggled. She reached out for me and I took her. Her arms wrapped around my neck as she squeezed me. "'Uv you, Momma." I squeezed her back. "Love you, too, cutie." Jacob's expression softened. "'uv you, Daddy." Leaning forward, he kissed her cheek. "Love you, too, baby girl." I set her down. "Go find your brother, okay? We'll leave in a minute." "Jue?" Turns out we didn't have to go find him. He was already searching for her. Of course he was. Ever since the night she was born, he was all about his baby sister. Even in a green and black dinosaur costume, he was determined. Cutely determined. His black and bronze hair poked out of his costume just like Jules's. Reaching us, he held out his hand. "Jule, 'ome wif me." "Otay, 'ill." She took his hand and scampered off. "They grew so fast," Tricia whispered beside me. So caught up in my family, I'd forgotten that she was still standing there. I turned to her and nodded. "Yeah, they have. But at least they get a normal childhood. Unlike me. I grew way too fast." I gave her a steady stare. "At least if you and Embry have kids, they'll grow normal like Leila and Henry." Her face tightened up. Giving her one last look, I wrapped my arm around Jacob's waist and we followed our kids back to the group milling around the front yard. "What was all that about?" he asked, lips to my ear. I knew he'd recognized the argument for what it was. I leaned into him. "I'll tell you later." She'd become so insistent that I was feeling the need to tell him. I figured she'd have cooled off and thought about it. I'd underestimated her determination on the subject, however. If Jacob couldn't talk her out of it, we'd be forced to talk to Embry. "You sure?" I nodded. "Yeah." Leaning up, I pressed my lips to his. "Let's enjoy tonight with the kidlets. "Hmm, maybe we can get our spook on tonight. They'll be exhausted from walking around so much." Smiling against his lips, I squeezed his waist and dipped my hand into his back pocket to grip his ass for a moment. "I was thinking the same thing." He chuckled. "Even after two kids, we still got it." "Well, duh. We're a young couple who are madly in love with each other." We shared one more kiss before, surprisingly, Uncle Jasper gathered all the kids around. The adults were surrounding the kids to keep them safe and in sight. What wasn't surprising was that Will and Jules were standing in front. Brayden and Henry, permanently attached to Leila, stood with them. Uncle Jasper was dressed up as a confederate soldier. Something told me that the outfit was wasn't a reproduction but the real deal from his days in the Texas Cavalry. Aunt Alice was dressed up as a flapper girl, her dress shining and headband across her forehead. Uncle Emmett amused everybody with a plastic cape and plastic vampire fangs. With his dark hair and pale skin, he rather pulled off the traditional vampire look. Haleigh had asked Aunt Rosalie if she would dress up as a princess to match her costume. I was still very impressed with the whole Cinderella get-up. She looked as if she should actually be attending a ball in a far off country. My mother and father had gone with the Disney look by outfitting the Beauty and the Beast. One of my all-time favorites. Haleigh was thrilled. She'd dressed all in pink as Rapunzel from Tangled. Her hair wasn't blonde but it was long enough now to qualify. "Alright," Uncle Jasper said in his thick southern accent, clapping his hands together. "Are we ready?" The kids screamed a big "yeah". "Alright," he said again. "Let's march out." He took the lead down the driveway with Aunt Alice on his arm. As one, the kids all followed him, making sure not to run out in front of him. Those were the rules. We'd all gone over them so many times that even little Jules rolled her eyes when I started over. Grinning, hand in hand, Jacob and I followed behind the crowd. Both of us kept an eye on the kids and our surroundings as we walked. Shelby, holding Piper, came to walk with us. Seth was on patrol tonight. As was Embry. "Happy Halloween," she said to us. Her eyes flashed amber as she smiled slightly pointed teeth at us. Happy Halloween, indeed. WalkerPOV Something wasn't right. Of course it wasn't. It was Halloween night. Bad things happened on Halloween. Looking down at the three shredded deer on my land, I couldn't be surprised. That didn't mean I had to like it. I also knew what had done it. Which turned my mood even darker. "Walker, it wasn't one of us. You gave us a direct order." Putting one hand on my hip and the other at the bridge of my nose, I said, "If we were Jacob's wolves with one of his orders, I'd agree with you. But our type of wolf can disobey a direct order. We need to question everyone." Turning to Bianca, I amended, "I need to question everyone." She gave me a look. "You think I did this? Please. After bringing the pack here and begging for you to take over? Why would I do something like this?" Well, hell. She had a point. "Fine. What about Angelica?" Now her face thinned in anger. "Never! She would never do anything like this. I kill a fly and she's all over my ass." "Okay, alright. Fine. We need to question everybody. If that pans out, then of course we'll know it's outside the pack." "What about Jacob's pack?" I gave her a sharp look. "Don't even go there. It's not them. This is their home. They've fought to protect it." Bianca stepped closer to me. "This isn't Forks, Walker. Or the rez. We're outside the town." "I'm aware of that. But it wasn't them. That I know." I met her gaze. "But I'll still tell him about it. Of course, I will. He deserves to know something is back in his territory." Bianca walked around the deer one more time. "I don't know, Walker. It could just be mountain lions or actual wolves. If they're hungry enough, they'll come down here. The deer won't stay too far in the north and they're the prime source of protein. It's not like I haven't seen this before." "Would a pack of wolves take down three though?" She nodded. "If the pack is big enough, yes. It doesn't have to be werewolves. Or-," I turned back to her. "Or what?" "It could be werewolves. If they're just passing through, they could have scented us, recognized that this was our land, and chose to hunt here knowing that it wouldn't be that big of a deal." "Is that more likely?" Again, she shrugged and tucked her short hair behind her ear. "I've seen that too. A lot. It could be a small pack of ten to twenty. These carcasses are pretty clean. Werewolves are meticulous in their eating." Rubbing my temples, I took a deep breath. "Okay, first you try to convince me that it's just regular wolves. Now you want to tell me it's just a small traveling pack. Which one do you think it is?" My aggravation seeped into my voice. Her eyes grew hard. "I'm just throwing ideas out. Now that I'm thinking about it, I'll stick with the traveling pack. It happens, Walker. It happened with us while we were with Edmund. They'll leave the bodies where they know a fuss won't get kicked up over it. With this amount of land, it would be easy for us to just throw the left overs in the woods to decompose. I mentioned the natural wolves so you would calm down." Taking a deep breath through my nose and out through my mouth, I said, "Bianca, I don't need you sugarcoating shit, alright? If I'm truly going to lead this pack and