This coming Monday March 9 th is the one year anniversary of the day I first posted the first two chapters of 'Whatever Happens Here' and so in celebration of that I have the first WHH one shot for you all! This one shot is an accompanying fanfic to my fanfiction 'Whatever Happens Here.' This takes place about five and a half years after part two of the epilogue. The majority of this is told in Katniss and Peeta's daughter Liliana's POV but there is a smaller section towards the end, after the break, which is told in Peeta's POV. While it may be possible to read this without having read the entire fanfic first, I wouldn't read this first if you ever plan to read the fanfic in the future as it will spoil the main story for you. You can find me on tumblr and twitter as cchester1985 and I welcome PM's too. If you are one of my readers let me know and I'll follow you back! I will always make announcements about any future one-shots I will be writing in the WHH universe and any other fanfics I will write in the future on those sites. All credit goes to Suzanne Collins. These are her characters and the world of The Hunger Games belongs to her. **VERY IMPORTANT** In this chapter there are consequences of war. War is not pleasant or peaceful. There isn't anything real gory or graphic in this fanfic but there is war injuries mentioned. There may also be a few things altered slightly from reality based on what works for the characters in this story. There are many characters in this story that are in the military. While much of what I talk about that these characters go through is based off of my knowledge (I am part of a very large military family and I have nothing but the utmost respect and honor for those who are currently serving and who have served in the past), due to the fact that this is a work of Fiction, some things have been altered from reality to accommodate the characters and the story, as well as the names of some places. If you have any questions or concerns please let me know before reading! I will answer all questions! Thank you for reading! I hope you enjoy it! "Liliana! Back here!" I hear my friend Sienna's voice before I actually see her as I scan the two rows of bus seats looking for a place to sit. I make my way down the aisle towards the rear of the bus to where Sienna is saving a seat for me. We've been friends my entire life. She is actually four years older than me but the difference never bothered us. I know that some of her friends don't understand why a seventh grader would want to spend time with a third grader, but they just don't understand. We are more than friends, we are practically sisters. I've always looked up to her and I always will. Our families have a lot in common as well. Part of the reason we are so close is that our dads are best friends. They served in the war together before I was born. "Hey Sienna! How was your day?" I ask as I make myself comfortable for the ride home. "It was okay, I had big test in algebra but I'm pretty sure I did well on it. Mr. Latier said he would have them back to us by tomorrow. How was the first day of career week?" "Well, except for me being tired from not getting much sleep the last few days it was a good day. We had two guest speakers this afternoon. The first was this boy Gabe's mom; she works as an accountant at a bank in downtown Panem. The next one was a lot more interesting I think. He is the physical education teacher at the high school and he's also a decorated veteran like both of our dad's." "Oh yeah? What did he talk to your class about?" "Well he actually told us about being a PE teacher and serving our country. He was active duty in the Air Force for almost ten years and he deployed overseas three times. He was badly injured the third time though and that's when he retired from the military and started teaching." "Oh wow! That sounds a lot like what happened with our dads!" "My teacher Ms. Lyme asked him to talk to us about never giving up, no matter what kind of things might happen in life." "That's awesome! I wish we would have had someone like that come and talk to my class when I was in elementary school. I was usually bored during career week. Our presenters were never very interesting or motivational." Sienna admits. "I wonder if our dads know the man who came to talk to your class today?" "I don't know, I guess it's possible." "Yeah it's possible. Do you remember what his name was?" "Umm.. I don't remember his first name but I remember his last name. It's Castor. Our dads might recognize that, especially since they usually go by last name in the military." Our dads still call each other by Mellark and Hopper most of the time. It's something they've always done so to me its normal. "I'll ask my dad when I get home. Did he go into any details about how he was injured overseas?" I'm kind of surprised that she wants to know so much about this man, but at the same time I guess I'm used to it. Since we both come from large military families we have both grown up knowing many people in the military. We've both been learning about the armed forces since we were little. "Yeah a little bit, but mainly because some of the kids started asking lots of questions about it. He had to have one of his feet amputated above the ankle. He walks with a prosthetic just like my dad. He can still walk and run just like everyone else. Most of the kids in my class were shocked. I don't think many of them had ever seen someone with a prosthetic limb. To me though, it wasn't anything I hadn't seen before. My dad has had his prosthetic leg as far back as I can remember." "Yeah he had it before you were born. I was four I think when our dads were attacked in Afghanistan." I nearly jump out of my seat at her words. "What do you mean attacked?" I shriek as I turn sideways to face her in the seat. "You know... when the tank was hit and our dads were badly injured." She replies carefully as her face fills with worry. I don't understand! What is she talking about? Attacked? It was an accident wasn't it? My dad lost his leg in an accident didn't he? Or... "Wait! What?" It feels like the temperature on the bus just jumped 30 degrees in about five seconds. I feel like I'm burning up and it's getting harder to breathe. "Oh no..." Sienna sighs as she turns away from me, bows her head and braces her palms on her knees. "Sienna, what do you mean 'oh no' and what aren't you telling me? You said our dads were attacked? Pleeease… tell me what you're talking about!" I beg as I begin to feel panic coursing through my body. "You didn't know… I honestly didn't know your parents hadn't already told you. I should never have said anything." She replies regretfully. "Both your parents and mine are going to mad at me." "Sienna, what didn't my parents tell me? How...? What do you know that I don't?" Sienna takes a few deep breaths before turning herself sideways so that she is facing me in the seat. "Listen Liliana... I never should have said that. I guess I will say this since there's no way for me to take back what I've already said - there is more to the story but it isn't my story to tell you. I think it's very important that you go home and talk to your dad and mom right away. You know some of the story because you already know that your dad has a partially artificial leg, but it's a little more complicated than it being just an accident." She sighs again and glances out the window as we turn the corner onto my street. "We are almost to your stop now. You're dad's still at home with your mom, right?" I can't hide the worry in my voice. I wish she would just tell me what she's talking about. "Ye...yeah he is, he said he would be home for a couple weeks. They both have their hands full now and with Landon being sick the last few days it makes it even harder on them." "Well hopefully your dad won't be too busy when you get home. I really think he should be the one to tell you the full story. Please call me later once you've talked to him, okay?" "Yeah I will." As the bus comes to a stop at the corner, I slowly stand up and give Sienna as much of a smile as I can muster up before turning to make my way towards the front of the bus. I'm feeling overwhelmed and I don't know what to think. I guess I won't until I find out what Sienna is talking about. I want to be angry that I've been left in the dark as far as the whole story is concerned but I'm more worried than anything. My dad and I have always been close, so what is he keeping from me? As I begin walking down the aisle I hear Sienna one more time. "I really am sorry, Liliana!" I can't bring myself to say anything, but I turn and give her a final worried glance before getting off the bus. Somehow I manage to keep my composure until I hear the bus begin to drive away from the bus stop and then I lose it and start crying as I take off running down the street towards my house. Our house is only seven houses down from the bus stop so it doesn't take me long to get there even though I'm running with a full backpack on my back. I attempt to wipe the tears from my eyes before I unlock the door but it's no use. My mom and dad will know immediately that I've been crying. I've never been able to hide how I'm feeling from my parents. They care a lot and notice everything. I carefully slide my key into the lock and take a deep breath as I step inside the door. I need to talk to my parents, but what do I say? I don't even know what attack Sienna is talking about. The only thing I do know is my parents are hiding something from me. But why? Glancing around the living room, I don't immediately see anyone and I don't hear any crying but I know everyone's home. Both cars were in the driveway when I came in. Dad can't leave mom to go back to work just yet and Landon has been sick with the flu since early Sunday morning. In the past, I would walk in the door after school and call out for whoever I knew would be home that day, my mom or dad, but with two babies in the house I don't want to be the one to wake them if they are sleeping at the moment. Dad just brought mom and the twin's home from the hospital on Sunday morning and it's been crazy and loud around here since then. There have never been two babies here at the same time, and our