This is a one shot that I've been working on for the last nine months or so. I didn't know it would take me so long to complete this but it's not been an easy story to write. I've had to take many breaks from it. I pressed on, though, because this is personal for me and I wanted to write it. I want to thank christyjosh4eva for sticking by my side throughout the entire journey of writing this and helping me to go on when I nearly gave up. I also want to thank both christyjosh4eva and dandelionsunset for pre-reading this for me! And thank you dandelionsunset for your amazing beta work! It wouldn't be what it is without you! You can find me on tumblr and twitter as cchester1985 and I welcome PM's too. If you are one of my readers let me know and I'll follow you back! All credit goes to Suzanne Collins. These are her characters and the world of The Hunger Games belongs to her. **TRIGGER WARNINGS** This one shot is very emotional! The triggers in this story include depression, self-harm, self-starvation and attempted suicide. This story may not be for everyone and I understand that. If at any point it becomes too much, please walk away from it. ** Katniss' inner monologue is in italics LEAN ON ME I never saw this coming, that's for sure. Well maybe I should rephrase that. After what happened over the last few weeks I knew that things were not going to be normal in my family, at least for a while anyways. What I didn't see coming was Prim actually making a successful attempt at taking her own life. Tonight is not the first time Prim has done something like this, but according to her doctors and psychiatrists, the first two attempts were so weak that they believe my sister is angry with my father and looking for attention. They don't really believe that she wants to end her life. That's not to say that they are not taking her seriously though. She's already been in the psych ward of two different Children's Hospitals and we are all seeing a family therapist once a week as well. I honestly don't know how much any of this is helping, though. It can't be doing much good considering Prim's suicide attempt tonight was more deadly than the last two put together. If she hadn't freaked out after swallowing all of the pills and called 9-1-1 herself she would most likely be dead right now. I can't even imagine... I should have known... I should have said something... When Prim and I got home from school this afternoon, I had a feeling that something wasn't right. Prim just wasn't being her usual self. She immediately went to her room, got her camera out and brought it to me, asking if I would take a bunch of pictures of her. I asked her why she wanted me to take a bunch of photos and she told me that she just wanted more pictures of herself since we didn't take photos very often. I understood what she was saying. It's true, we don't have many pictures of our teenage selves. I don't think I'm very photogenic so I usually avoid being in pictures if possible, and this is the first time Prim has ever asked me to take pictures of her. I had my doubts about her true motives for the pictures but I didn't press her. I regret it now with everything in me. She must have wanted us to have some final pictures of her angry-at-the-world self. I should have known... It's my fault. I didn't prevent this from happening. Maybe if I had done something... or said something, Prim wouldn't have swallowed all those pills and I wouldn't be walking home from the hospital by myself at 6:30 in the evening on a school night. I should never have suggested to my mom that we run to Cartwright's department store tonight. It was because of my suggestion that Prim was home by herself. My mom had mentioned wanting to go look for some new shirts for work the night before, and when I noticed at school that my purse was beginning to wear out I figured that I could look for a new one while my mom did her clothes shopping. I suggested the shopping trip after my mom got home from work and she said that we could go right away. Since I was still concerned about Prim's behavior after school I asked her to please come with us. However, when I asked she said that she didn't want to go. I asked her if everything was okay and she assured me that she was fine and that she would see us when we got home. Wanting to give my sister the benefit of the doubt, I told her it was okay and that I loved her. Then my mom and I left for Cartwright's. It couldn't have been more than forty minutes or so from the time my mom and I left for Cartwright's to the moment that we realized something very bad had happened at home. I had just finished picking out a new purse and was on my way over to the woman's clothing section to find my mom when I heard her name called over the intercom of the store. I found her quickly as she emerged out into the aisle from behind a large rack of sweaters, and as we made eye contact I could tell she was worried just like I was. We both knew right away that something serious had to have happened for a department store to call a customer to the front of the store immediately. We both made a beeline for the customer service desk and as soon as she told the woman behind the counter her name she was handed the receiver of the phone. I watched the expression on my mom's face change from worried to scared and upset and then to horrified and trembling as she told whoever she was talking to that we would meet them somewhere as soon as possible before handing the receiver back to the woman on the other side of the counter. I could tell my mom was trying to hold back tears as she turned to me. "We've got to go. Your sister..." She didn't finish the sentence and she didn't need to. I was pretty sure I already knew what Prim had done. What I didn't know was how severe it was this time. The lady at the desk checked us out in record time and before I knew it we were on our way out the door. I attempted to swallow the lump that had formed in my throat as I dared to ask the question that had been at the forefront of my mind since I heard my mom's name over the intercom. "Mom? What happened? What did she do?" "She... they said something about pills. She attempted again. I don't know all the details yet, they didn't want to say much over the phone but they were at our house and loading her into the ambulance. They want us to meet them at Panem Memorial." My mom answered as the tears spilled down her cheeks. The short ride to the hospital was very quiet. My mom was trying to keep it together long enough to drive but I knew that it must have been extremely difficult for her. I didn't say much because I didn't know what to say. We rushed into the hospital and asked where my sister was. They asked my mother to come back immediately but when they saw me they asked how old I was. "I'm sixteen." I answered truthfully because I didn't understand why my age had anything to do with it. Apparently it did though because the nurse at the desk gave me a sympathetic look. "I'm sorry, Miss, but you must be eighteen or older to visit a psychiatric patient in the hospital." "But she's my sister!" I shouted in anger. "I just want to see her!" The nurse surprisingly didn't even seem irritated by my outburst. Instead she replied with a calm and sympathetic tone which only angered me more. "I understand and I'm sorry but that's the policy. You'll have to wait in the waiting room." "Fine." I replied as I backed away from the registration desk. "Katniss," my mom began, "I'm sorry but if you can wait here for a while I will drive you home as soon as I can leave your sister for about twenty minutes. Maybe you can watch the TV or read or..." "Can I just walk home?" I didn't mean to cut her off but if I couldn't go see Prim the last thing I wanted to do was sit in that dreary hospital waiting room. "Katniss..." "It's what I want to do mom. I'll be fine! I've walked by myself before. Is it okay with you?" She didn't look happy with my decision but I think she understood. "Yeah, it's okay. I'll call home in about forty-five minutes or an hour to make sure you're home safe. Just please be careful!" "I will." "Come here." She pulled me into her arms; both of us were on the verge of breaking down by then. "We'll get through this Katniss. I'm not sure how, but we will. Okay?" I pulled back and met her eyes. "Okay." I wasn't sure though. I'm still not. The domestic violence incident last May and the following month of separation for my parents was one thing, but this is in a completely different category of family problems. Apparently my sister not only doesn't want to be a part of our family anymore, but she's also lost the will to live. After saying goodbye to my mom, I turned and made my way towards the hospital exit. I didn't know what I was going to do or what was going to happen from here on out, but I did know that I had to get out of there. Once I found out that I wouldn't be allowed to go back and see Prim, I felt like I was suffocating in my surroundings. The monotone color scheme of the dreary hospital waiting room only added to the feeling that my world was collapsing in on me. Once I was out in the warm April air I didn't turn around or look back. I couldn't. Whatever this was that Prim was feeling or going though was out of our family's hands now and in the hands of the doctors and psychiatrists that could hopefully help her. There was nothing I could do. I passed up my chance of being able to help her when my mom and I left for the store. I never should have left her... This is all my fault... I've failed my sister... As I cross Kennedy parkway and start making my way home, I don't even think about what I'm doing. There are too many thoughts running through my head. I guess I really don't need to think about where I'm going because I know my way home like the back of my hand. There's three different ways that I can get home from the hospital but they all take about the same length of time, so it doesn't really matter which way I go. I just start walking. Up until tonight, walking around the city of Panem was always something I enjoyed. I don't yet have my license or a car, so unless I ride my bike, walking is how I get to different places. It's good exercise and it usually helps me clear my head. I have a feeling this walk is going to be a lot different though. The thoughts that are running through my head right now are nothing