Harry Potter and The Awoken Court (Harry Potter was lying on his bed again, rereading the letter that had been keeping him going the entire summer.) (Harry opened the letter to read again) IN HERMIONE'S VOICE: "Dear Harry, This summer, Ron and I wanted to personally rescue you from your Aunt and Uncle's home. Ron wanted to borrow his father's car and drive it down himself, but after several arguments, I think I finally convinced him that muggles aren't used to seeing children drive cars, especially without a proper driver's license! Anyway, Ron and I will be coming to you by Knight Bus on the night of August 30th at 8PM. Please do be prepared and have all your things ready for Hogwarts. As a bonus, Neville has invited us to stay over his home for the 2 days before we go to Hogwarts. Neville, as you know, lives with his grandmother in Mayfair in London. So, I'm sure we're going to have a lot of fun! And Diagon Alley is nearby so you'll have an opportunity to get your books for term! I've already gotten almost halfway through most of our books this year and they are FASCINATING. I do hope you are well and that your family has not been too hard on you. Seeing you soon, Hermione" (Harry looked at the packed things at the side of his room, stood up and started to pace the floor) HARRY: (looking aggravated) I hate being here. (Harry proceeded to kick his dresser in frustration) (Harry started to hear steps coming up the staircase quickly and knew what he was in for) VERNON: (opening his door) What THE BLOODY HELL is going on up here? HARRY: Nothing, I yawned and accidentally took a front kick into my dresser. VERNON: Destroy our property will you? No doubt the filth you associate yourself probably give out AWARDS for destruction and looting. HARRY: (smiling) Only the destruction. The looting we do just for the FUN of it. VERNON: (looking angry) Don't you start with me BOY ….(suddenly his demeanor changed) I have been….I mean to say your Aunt has been starting her relaxation exercises in order to cope with all the STRESSORS (pausing to look at him)…that are in her life. And she requires ABSOLUTE silence to do it! HARRY: (smiling) Really…..so….this has nothing to do with your doctor diagnosing you with high blood pressure and Aunt Petunia forcing you to relax? VERNON: (furiously) WHERE DID YOU-! HOW DID YOU-! (In a deadly silence) If I find out you have been snooping through my medical records….I WILL TOSS YOU OUT TO THE STREET and then maybe a family of RACOONS WILL TAKE YOU IN! HARRY: Do the raccoons have a son as obnoxious as Dudley? (seeing the rage about to come out of Vernon, Harry headed him off) Ok, ok, you won't hear another peep from me. I'll be as invisible as a leftover on Dudley's plate….. VERNON: Too right you will. (Uncle Vernon leaves the room and walks back downstairs) (Harry's interest was piqued though) HARRY: (quietly) What are these relaxation exercises they gave him…..? (Harry quietly opened his door, walked down the stairs slowly, and suddenly he heard noises) UNKNOWN VOICE: Now let it go, let it go, huhmina huhmina huhmina. VERNON: (unnaturally calm) huhmina, huhmina, huhmina. (Harry stood in front of the living room, which had all the blinds fully closed shut and stared at Uncle Vernon who was sitting on the floor in front of a small stereo) UNKNOWN VOICE: Now take all your problems in your family life, imagine them all in a box. Now take that box and release it into the Sea. Now let it go, let it go, huhmina huhmina huhmina. VERNON: huhmina, huhmina, huhmina. (Harry restrained a laugh and snort badly and it resulted in a combination of a yell and a cough) (Uncle Vernon opened up his eyes, turned around, and saw Harry. But before Uncle Vernon could explode, the doorbell suddenly rang) (Vernon was distracted by the doorbell and gave him an angry look pointing him to go upstairs. Harry backed up the stairs somewhat, but still stayed within view. Uncle Vernon came to the door) VERNON: (angrily) Who is it!? VOICE 1: (from behind the closed door, spoken awkwardly loud) It's Ron! Ron Weasley! We're here…for Harry Potter! (Suddenly a look of the utmost panic set upon Uncle Vernon's face. He turned around and looked furiously upon Harry's head, which was poking around the side of the staircase from upstairs) VERNON: (yelling loudly) THERE IS NO SUCH PERSON IN THIS HOUSE! LEAVE AT ONCE OR I WILL CALL THE POLICE! (Suddenly Ron started to bang hard on the door) RON: Oy! We've come for Harry, we know this is his home. Let us in now or we'll blast our way in! HERMIONE: (whispering loudly) Ron, stop! You're scaring Harry's family! You remember what Harry said, they're really afraid of magic! (Ron knocked again harder this time accidentally breaking the window pane that was built into the siding of the door) (Like an explosion of realization Uncle Vernon came to the conclusion that Ron had used magic against him. A wave of terror emanated down Harry's spine as he knew what was coming.) VERNON: (yelling) PETUNIA! DUDLEY! WE-ARE-BEING-ATTACKED! (Vernon ran to get the table against the wall and dragged it toward the front door to barricade it closed. Petunia and Dudley appeared from out of the kitchen with Petunia holding a frying pan in her hand and Dudley holding a plate of pie) VERNON: PETUNIA, CALL THE POLICE! ONE OF HIS LOT (pointing at Harry furiously) IS ATTEMPTING TO BREAK INTO OUR HOME AND ATTACK US! (Petunia ran to the phone) HARRY: The police! Are you mad! It's just my friends Ron and Hermione. They were SCHEDULED to come today! They were- (interrupted) VERNON: HOW DARE YOU GIVE OUR ADDRESS TO ONE OF YOUR KIND! HOW DARE YOU PLOT THIS ATTACK AGAINST US! HARRY: It is NOT a PLOT. They were supposed to come pick me up! (BANG, BANG) (Banging now came from the windows of the dining room, which were shuttered due to Uncle Vernon's relaxation exercises) VERNON: WE-HAVE-BEEN-SURROUNDED! DUDLEY BARRICADE THE DINING ROOM WINDOWS! (Uncle Vernon vaulted into the dining room. Harry took this moment to quickly go up to his room, bring his packed stuff down, and try to escape) (Harry had all his things downstairs and was now moving the table that was barricading the door. He moved it out and finally grabbed the door knob and opened the door) HERMIONE: Harry! (Hermione ran in to embrace him and a feeling of calm spread through him) HARRY: Hermione, where is Ron? HERMIONE: Oh, Ron has lost it. He's circling the house trying to find an opening to break into. HARRY: How are we going to London? Is the Knight Bus he- (before he finished his sentence he saw the large Knight Bus one house down to the left) HARRY: Hermione, you go get Ron and I'll bring my stuff to the Knight Bus. VERNON: Oh no you won't! (Harry turned around and saw an irate Uncle Vernon holding a cricket bat) HARRY: (looking frightened) Look Uncle Vernon, (spokenly slowly) I. am. taking. my. things. and leaving to go to school. VERNON: (with madness in his eyes) OH NO YOU WILL NOT! You're going to stay to watch you're freakish friends get hauled off to jail knowing full well IT WAS ALL YOUR FAULT! HARRY: (Harry pulled out his wand and pointed it at Uncle Vernon) Uncle Vernon. If you don't back off, I'll…..I'll be forced to attack you. VERNON: (with a nasty smile and a calm voice) You wouldn't dare... VERNON: We both know that they would throw you out of that freak school of yours and send you packing to that Azkabooon prison. (Vernon and Harry stood in their places in a standoff) (Hermione suddenly returned behind him) HERMIONE: Harry, what are you doing!? We're forbidden from using magic outside of Hogwarts! You'll get into so much trouble! VERNON: Ha! (in a sound of victory) (Hermione looked at Vernon and understood the threat he posed) (Suddenly Hermione put her hand in her pocket and took something out. She tossed the object into the room and BANG, a cloud of smoke appeared and Uncle Vernon instantly fell to the ground. He was unconscious) HARRY: Hermione…..what…what was that? HERMIONE: Oh it was just a potion with essence of Fogsroot and Kelitor. (seeing the look of confusion on Harry's face, she continued) A Knockout Potion. I just read about it last week in our new Potions textbook. Better that than use a spell and get in trouble with the Ministry for underage magic. HARRY: (impressed) Wow, nice one. (laughing) That's a good thing to have in your back pocket! (Harry dragged his stuff and walked to the Knight Bus) UNKNOWN WOMAN: (very perky and smiling) Well hello! My name is Vicky Sidestrong and I will you your hostess for your trip! HARRY: (surprised by her enthusiasm) Hi, my name is Harry. Me and my friends Ron and Hermione are traveling to Mayfair today. I just have a few things to take, just out here (looking behind him). (Vicky quickly jaunted out of the Knight Bus) VICKY: Great! Let me get those for you! Then you can come inside and enjoy some of our new treats. We now serve Butterbear, Pumpkin Juice, Sweet Potato Kettle Corn, and Ice Cream Pop Rockets! HARRY: (smiling) What's an Ice Cream Pop Rocket? RON: Harry! (Harry quickly turned around and saw his best friend Ron Weasley. Harry started grinning and they slapped hands) RON: (grinning) Alright? HARRY: (still grinning) Yeah. You? RON: Bout as well as can be. RON: I think we should get going soon, I think I hear some of those PUH-lease cars getting closer. How do they even arrest you without a wand? HARRY: (laughing) They're got guns Ron. (seeing Ron's confused look he elaborated) Basically a little device that shoots out a small piece of metal into someone's body. RON: (excited) Wicked! HARRY: Not for the person who gets hit Ron (smirking). Where is Hermione? RON: I think she's coming now. (Hermione was running toward the Knight Bus. She then climbs on board and Ernie, the bus driver, closes the door) HERMIONE: (out of breath) Well I was hoping to calm your uncle down by explaining what happened. But when I mentioned that we were going to Hogwarts, it just made him angrier. (Harry and Ron sniggered) HERMIONE: (sitting down) So Harry! How are you! How has your summer been? HARRY: It's been ok. I read those books you sent me….um, well not that "Organization Is Your Friend" book. RON: Oh no! She got you one too? HERMIONE: Well it would help if you both found ways to become more organized. That way you won't have to resort to doing all your work and studies the night before they're due! RON: Well how else are we supposed to get you to give us your notes? HERMIONE: Hmph. (sneering) You know one day I won't be so compassionate and you'll be forced to FAIL. (Ron rolled his eyes) So tell me Harry, what else have you been doing? HARRY: Well, I've been keeping up with the Daily Prophet. Still no word about what Voldemort is doing? (Hermione and Ron both winced at the sound of the name, and another passenger who was sleeping in a bed nearby growled and groaned, but then went back to sleep) HERMIONE: No, not a word. The death eaters and You-Know-Who haven't really launched any attacks yet. RON: Yeah, I heard from dad that Dumbledore thinks they're still trying to fill their ranks and gain more allies before they take on the Ministry….because right now they don't have enough power to win. (BANG) (The Knight Bus was hit by a powerful force, whipping them all forward) HARRY: