The train whistled at station 9 and ¾ths, and I shivered hesitantly as my parents wrapped me up in one final hug. "Please be safe," my mother whispered, gently running her small fingers through my thick and light hair. She kissed my cheek gently. "We know how hard you worked to get here, and we aren't going to let that go to waste." She smiled, and her pearly white teeth shone back at me. My father pulled me from my mother and wrapped me up in a giant hug before kissing my forehead gently. I smiled and grabbed my luggage and my snake's cage. Apollo, my cobra, slithered up the side of the cage. When do we leave? he hissed gently. My tail's in a place that no tail should be. "I really hate to break this up," I whispered, taking a step back. "But the train's going to be leaving soon." As if helping me, the train's "all-aboard" whistle blew and I stepped onto the train, pulling my luggage and Apollo's cage behind me. "Bye sweetheart!" my mom yelled to me, and I smiled back, waving to her as the train pulled away from the station. What sentimental people, Apollo hissed, blinking his eyes towards my parents. Oh, be quiet you, I retorted gently, picking up everything and rushing to find an open compartment. I found an empty one near the back and raced inside, shoving my luggage down. Then, closing the compartment door, I brought out my wand, a long, willowy branch with a phoenix feather, created white, and pointed at Apollo's cage. I whispered a few words and the door popped open, allowing Apollo to slither out and onto the bench. That feels sooooo much better, he hissed with happiness, opening his hood just a little. Just don't scare anybody...please , I begged, taking a seat beside him. I stared at the outside of the train and shivered. I was so nervous. From what I could remember, I was the first student to be attending Hogwarts at Grade 4. I was greatly concerned with who my teachers would be, and if they would like me. Apollo slithered onto my lap and gently wrapped himself around my arm, which always made me feel better. I sighed with happiness and someone coughed. I glanced over and quite literally jumped out of my seat. There was a guy standing in the middle of the doorway. An attractive guy. "Sorry, didn't mean to startle you," he said, sweeping his black hair away from his face. I shook my head and stared out of the window again. "Pretty comfortable?" I glanced back to him and raised an eyebrow. He searched me with his crystal blue eyes. "Takes some getting used to, that's for sure." He held out his hand to me. "Riven Walmium." I took his hand and shook it gingerly. Why did he tell me his last name? I pondered. "Alessandra Therse," I replied, trying to keep my voice from cracking. Wow...great start, Alessandra. I regained my composure and asked, "I take it you've been here before?" Of course he has you idiot! I scolded myself. He's obviously not a first year . "Yep, I'm just starting my fifth year," he said, nodding to me. "I take it you're a first year?" Apollo chuckled on my arm, but it sounded like hissing. "Actually, no," I replied, smiling warmly. "Fourth year. I did 3 years of school elsewhere, and Dumbledore allowed me to transfer here." "Dumbledore is cool that way," Riven laughed with a smile, taking a seat across from me. "Now, don't peg this for a stupid question, but...do you realize there is a black snake wrapped around your arm?" I feigned surprise as I glanced at Apollo, and Riven raised an eyebrow at me. "This is Apollo, my black-necked spitting cobra," I said, gesturing from him to Riven. "Apollo, meet Riven." Hello idiot human boy, Apollo hissed, flicking his tongue at Riven. Remember... I growled back, and I swore, if Apollo could've rolled his eyes, he would have done so now. "You're a Parseltongue," commented Riven, his eyes widening a little bit. I glanced at him with a surprised look on my face. "Do you not know what that means?" "No, not really," I replied. "I've just been able to talk to Apollo my whole life." Riven seemed amused and he responded, "Parseltongues are people who can communicate with snakes." "I don't know if I can do it with all snakes, but I can do it with Apollo," I replied. There was a thumping in the compartment over and Riven and I both raised an eyebrow. "Probably best if we don't interfere," he said, and I nodded. We spent the rest of the ride just talking with each other. Finally, we came to a halt, and I went to grab my bags, but Riven grabbed my wrist. "They get teleported to your room," he told me, smiling. Can I come? hissed Apollo, resting his head on top of mine. I do NOT teleport well. Of course, I replied, and Riven seemed surprised again. "You sound like you're hissing whenever you talk to him." I shrugged and we got up, walking away from our bags and out onto the platform. I gaped. We were surrounded by a little forest, and there was a long path towards a distant castle. "First years over 'ere!" yelled a gruff voice, and I glanced over. It was a large man, both tall and fat, with a kind smile. "'eya Riven! 'Ow's life treating ya?" "Pretty well, Hagrid," he yelled back, and the man laughed. Quietly, to me, he added, "That's Hagrid, Magical Creatures Care professor and gamekeeper of Hogwarts. He may look intimidating, and he can be, but he's really nice at heart." I smiled and nodded, following Riven towards carriages. "Here's how everyone else gets to Hogwarts." He opened the carriage and swept his arm around. "Your carriage awaits, milady." "Thank you, kind sir," I answered with a giggle, and stepped up, having Riven pile in after me. We had two more 3rd years enter and one of them asked, "Who are you?" to me. "Alessandra Therse, 4th year," I replied. "You two?" "Kaity and Liena Pepperjack," they replied, bowing both. "We're in Ravenclaw with Riven! What about you?" I suddenly got a tingling feeling in my stomach and stared silently at the ground while playing with my feet. I didn't exactly know. All I knew was Dumbledore invited me to Hogwarts after he became aware of my...status, and he was willing to help me get better. There was a gentle knock on the side of our carriage, and I glanced up. It was Dumbledore! "Ms. Therse?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. I smiled and replied, "Professor Dumbledore." "Ah yes, I got the right carriage," he smiled. "If you wouldn't mind accompanying me to the teacher's carriage, where we can work out your schedule." I smiled and nodded. "Apollo, unfortunately, will not be able to accompany us." My chest tightened. Why wouldn't he be…? "I'll take him," Riven proposed, and Apollo glanced at me sadly before slithering off my arm and neck and going on Riven, settling angrily with his head on Riven's shoulder. I stepped out of the carriage and followed Dumbledore to a much larger carriage where I was greeted by many older looking faces. "Alessandra, may I introduce to you the teachers of Hogwarts, not all of them of course," he added when I marveled at them. "We have another carriage with all the ones that were not able to fit." He patted the seat beside him and I took a seat just as the carriage began. "Now, you are aware why I brought you away." I took a deep breath and nodded. "You wanted to talk to me about my grandfather," I told him, and he nodded. "We are aware that you are related to You-Know-Who," commented an older looking woman. "Is it ok if we have some magical precautions placed on you in case…" I nodded and took off my outer-jacket, revealing my Hogwarts uniform, and my bare arms. My right arm was burned with the Death Mark, and one of the men noticed. "Why do you wear that mark?" he questioned lightly, pointing his wand at it. "I've had that since I was a child," I replied. "Scared my neighbors." The man nodded and I saw his sleeve roll up a bit. I bit back a gasp. He had one too. The teachers whispered a few incantations, and I felt myself shiver. Afterwards, Dumbledore smiled. "So, I believe you are a Parseltongue, correct?" he asked, and I nodded, smiling. "It's the only way to talk with my snake, Apollo," I replied, and one of the teachers raised her eyebrow. "I hope you know that snakes are not allowed in any of the dorms," she told me, and my heart felt like it stopped. "I'm sorry then," I told them, gulping. "If Apollo isn't allowed at Hogwarts, then I'm afraid I won't be able to attend." "A little drastic measures, don't you think?" commented the man with the Death Mark. I glared at him and rose to my feet. "Apollo is my best friend," I hissed at him. To them all, I added, "Besides my parents, he's my only friend I have." I sat down again and apologized for my outburst. There was a slight coughing and I looked up. It came from the woman who said that no snakes were allowed in dorms. "I'm willing to hold Apollo and Alessandra in my dorms," she announced, glancing at me. "As long as she promises to not let him loose on other students." "Are you sure, Professor McGonagall?" asked the Death Mark man. "As all of you are aware, my house is for those with...serpent attributes." "I am more than sure, Professor Snape," McGonagall replied, and I sighed with relief. The carriage ride the rest of the way was uneventful. Mostly just them discussing plans and putting more protective spells on me to make sure there was absolutely no way I could hurt students or teachers. When we reached Hogwarts, I stepped out and had Apollo slithering up my leg as soon as my feet hit pavement. Alessandra! Apollo cheered, licking my ear with his forked tongue. I was so worried! None of the students would let me go so I could catch up with you. Riven's nice though, but he felt awkward with the two girls and himself. He really missed you. Do you read emotions? I asked just as Riven ran to me, panting. "So sorry!" he gasped, clutching to his knees as his shoulders heaved for breath. "He just...got out…" "It's totally cool," I told him, helping him up. "Apollo just missed me." I smiled. "Come on. Let's hurry to the Dining Hall. I'm starving!" I grabbed his wrist and he winced. "Your hand stings," he whispered to me, and I let go. On his wrist where I touched him was a red mark, and I gasped. "This has never happened to me before," I told him, glancing at him. "Are you alright?" "I'm fine," he said, waving me away. "It's not that bad. Come on." He motioned for me to follow him and I did. Why did you hurt him? Apollo asked, slithering to my other shoulder. I didn't want to! I protested. It must be one of the spells the teachers put on me. This means that I can't touch any other students . I raced after Riven and followed the other crowds into the school. To be safe, I folded my hands together and kept them by me. As I raced forward, the crowds kept shoving me around. I tried hard not to fall down, but then, someone grabbed my hand. It was Riven. "Don't!" I protested, trying to yank my hand away. "You'll hurt yourself!" "It's worth it," he told me. I blushed