Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong to Stephenie Meyer, I've just spent too many years playing with them ;) Rebound Part 1 Jess sighs loudly as I wait for her answer. I know the pressure I keep putting her under is straining our friendship, but I've got this unhealthy preoccupation I just can't seem to say no to. "You promised you'd end it, Bella. It's not fair on Conner." I lower my voice. "And I will. I swear." She scoffs. She's heard it all before. "This," she tells me sternly, "is the last time. The very last. I mean it." "Thank you, thank you." I jump forward, grasp her arms above the elbow and kiss her on the cheek. "I promise I won't ask again." She pushes me gently, holding me back and fixing me with a serious glare. "You owe me, Bella. Big." "I know, I know." "I love you, but you need to stop being such a bitch and let the guy go." I raise my eyebrows, trying to lighten the heavy atmosphere. "Which one?" Jess clearly doesn't see any humor in the situation. "Either. Or both. Shit, be single for a while, it doesn't matter what you do then. Or who." "Ugh, no thanks." The thought of being alone makes me break out in a cold sweat. "You need therapy. I'm not even kidding." "I've had hours of therapy, remember? Think how much worse I'd be without it." She doesn't respond because she knows it's true, Jess has been my bestie since I was four years old. "Well if you're gonna go, go, okay?" She waves me away with a tired gesture. I smile and begin to back away. "And if Conner calls…" "You're with me, but you can't come to the phone. I know the script." "Thanks." I turn away. "This is the last time," she calls after me. I raise my hand without looking back and yank open the door to my truck. ~Rebound~ I'm on my way out of town on the 101 when I spot a figure standing at the side of the road, arm raised as he thumbs a ride. He's tall and slim, and has his head bowed, so only a thick shock of penny-colored hair is on show. "Good deed for the day?" I debate out loud, slowing before I even come to a conscious decision. It's impossible to sneak up on anyone in my red hunk of junk, and he raises his head to watch as I pull up to a stop beside him. I take a good look at him as a huge smile tears across his face. He's my age at a guess, maybe a year or two older, but no more than that. I try to think of a word to describe him as he picks up his bag and runs around to the passenger-side door. Handsome doesn't seem to fit. Hot? Too crass. As he pulls open the door and his eyes land on me, he hesitates. I'm clearly not what he was expecting to see, but he recovers quickly, and as he blinks the answer comes to me. Beautiful. He's beautiful. "Where are you heading?" I ask him. I'm doing a quick risk assessment in my head. I know you can't necessarily tell a psychopath at first glance, but he seems normal enough. That face aside. He shrugs his broad shoulders. "Anywhere." It's a strange answer and one that obviously has a story behind it considering how clean and well-dressed he is. I could just apologize and drive off, but… "Okay," I tell him. My sense of self-preservation kicks in as he begins to load his bag onto the seat, and I hold up my hand. "Before you get in, you should know my father's the chief of police, so if you're a serial killer you might want to wait for another victim." I wait for him to offer some kind of acknowledgement, but instead he laughs. The corners of his eyes crinkle as the sound echoes around the cab of the truck. It's so genuine I can't help but smile, despite the gravity of the point I'm trying to get across. "What? I'm serious." "I'm not a serial killer," he says. I examine his face for the signs of a lie I've learned to look for (and hide). Seeing none, I nod. "Well get in then, Mr Not a Serial Killer." He smiles and settles himself next to me, then turns and holds his hand out towards me. "There's no need to be so formal. You can call me Edward." He wraps his hand around mine, engulfing it with the size and warmth. "Pleased to meet you, Edward. I'm Isabella." I have no idea why I give him my full name. I never use it, I'm Bella to everyone. "Isabella. That's pretty. It suits you." Our hands part and I mourn the loss a little as his words make my heart speed up and my face grow warm. I look away, trying to hide the effect he's having on me. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to embarrass you," he says. Apparently I didn't hide it nearly fast enough. "Trust me, the last thing I'm looking for is romance." My own messy situation comes back to me, making me shiver. "It's fine," I say, trying to reassure him. "And for the record, me neither." I look at him as I shift the truck into gear. "Are you ready?" A frown weighs his brow down in confusion. "Destination Anywhere, right?" "Right." He smiles at me, dazzling me so thoroughly I'm afraid I might not be able to focus on the road ahead. "Yeah, I'm ready. Bring it on." "So where are we headed?" I glance at him with a smirk, before I look back at the road. It's a good job I'm driving, because there's something about him that makes me want to take in every detail of his face and I'm not sure I could stop myself from staring as I committed it all to memory. "What?" he demands, the corners of his mouth turned up too, despite the indignant tone to his voice. "I thought you didn't care." "I don't care, I'm just curious." "Well I'm headed to Sequim, but you're free to hop out any time before we get there." My heart already aches at the thought of never seeing him again. "Why Sequim?" "I'm meeting a friend." It's close enough to the truth. "Your friend lives there?" "Uh… no. He's driving up from Tacoma. "He?" "You don't have girl-friends?" I ask. I glance across as he raises his eyebrows and laughs sardonically. "I didn't mean like that," I clarify. "I meant friends who are girls." "Sorry." His hand is resting on his thigh, and he raises all but the heel up in an apology before letting it fall back down. "Sore point." He turns his head away from me, gazing out of the window. His comment triggers a hundred questions in my mind I'm too polite to ask. I'm sure there's a link between it and the way he's chosen to leave town. Edward sits in silence for a couple of miles. When he does speak it's just four words, then he's quiet again. "I'll come to Sequim." The sign declaring ' Sequim Welcomes You' looms in front of us. "Where do you want me to drop you?" I ask. His silent contemplation eventually faded and we've kept up a little smalltalk for a while. I now know his dad's an ER doctor in Seattle, he's always wanted a motorbike, but never had the balls to buy one (see fact number one), his favorite food is Steak Diane, and he's played the piano since he was five years old. Oh, and he's married. " Kinda...sorta...it's complicated ." Bingo. I don't ask, but I'd place money on the reason behind his strange exit from town being to do with his 'complicated' marriage and his reaction to my mention of girl-friends. "Just go wherever you're going, I'll hop out there." I consider faking a stop, but then I decide it really doesn't matter what he thinks of me, chances are I'll never see him again anyway. I pull into the parking lot and cut the engine. "Well, we're here." "The Holiday Inn?" I turn to look at him. He's looking back, eyebrows raised, then he laughs. "A friend ? Sure. Does your fiance know you're here right now?" I curse the fact I felt comfortable enough to talk about my circumstances, and the anger I feel towards myself projects itself defensively onto him. "Well coming from someone who's in a 'complicated' marriage and finds the issue of 'girl-friends' a sore point, I'm guessing you have no room to talk." His smile fades instantly. "You noticed that?" "You didn't exactly hide it." "Man." He rubs a hand down his face as though suddenly exhausted and a bubble of concern for him rises inside me. "Are you okay?" I ask. "Yeah." He lets out a deep sigh. "You should learn from me though. You can still avoid the inevitable messy ending." "I'm sorry?" "Let me out, turnaround and go home to your fiance." I laugh, not so much at his words but at the fact he has the audacity to sit there preaching to me. "I'm a big girl, Edward. I can take care of myself." He shakes his head slowly as his lips turn up in good-natured despair. "Well don't say I didn't warn you," he says, looking away from me to find the strap on his bag. "I won't be able to, this is the end of the line, remember?" I smile brightly at him as he climbs out, then I gather my stuff together and open the door. By the time my feet hit the parking lot, he's standing beside the hood of the truck on my side, shifting nervously from foot to foot. "Can I... give you my number?" he asks, adjusting his bag on his shoulder. I laugh. "You have to be kidding me." "Uh, no." He's embarrassed, scratching his head and generally fidgeting. "Really?" I'm genuinely having trouble with this whole situation. "Not like that! Fuck, I'm not hitting on you, Isabella." "Now I feel like I should be offended." "No! Don't be offended. I mean-" He grins cheekily. "It's not you, it's me. I'd have issues being the other other guy." I have no words and from the way his face drops I think he has a pretty good idea of what they'd be if I did. "Okay," he says quickly. "I'm just going to…" He steps around me, scanning the inside of the truck and reaching out to grab a scrap of paper and a pen that are lying around in there. "I'm going to leave you my number, just because I want to know you're alright. I mean, one day if…." He looks up at me. " When things do happen to go horribly wrong for you, it's going to be kind of hard to find people willing to sympathize." Looking away again, he begins to write on the paper. "Well thanks for the vote of confidence." He tosses the pen back into the truck. "I'm not going to lie to you." His face is so serious I can't help the dig. "Like you did to your wife and girlfriends you mean?" "Girl friend ," he corrects me. "And I never lied to her." "Oh, then I'm sorry I doubted your moral integrity. I stand corrected. You're not going to lie to me like you did your wife ?" He stands and stares at me, his mouth falling open a little. "Are you really going to stand here and force a debate on which of us has the worst morals?" Annoyance flashes through his green eyes as the line of his mouth hardens. If he looked beautiful earlier, he looks devastating now. I don't reply to him.