AN: As the summary said, it's an idea that just wouldn't go away unless I gave it a home in words. And now it's here to stay. I really hope you like it, because it's fun to write. Oh, and shoutout to two wonderful people without whom the story would be so much poorer: anonymousHippocampus (go read "Camp Echidna") and my awesome, intelligent, and ever-so-geeky beta reader. Thank you so much, both of you. And now, the story, after a short disclaimer break. Disclaimer: I don't own anything, except a copy of all the books and the laptop I'm writing this on. Go thank (or curse) Rick Riordan for creating (and then owning) the Percy Jackson series and its characters. I thought that my day had reached the lowest point it could get when fireballs started falling from the sky. Boy, was I wrong. I had no idea that the fireballs were only the beginning of a day that would go down in history as one of the Worst Days Ever. "INCOMING!" yelled my passenger, informing me of the fact that a fireball was about to hit the ground where I was about to run. Thankfully, the warning came in time, and I was able to dodge most of the explosion, getting only slightly singed in the process. Her hands pounded on my shoulders, and she urged, "Come on, faster! They're catching up!" My breath was too precious to waste on snapping at her, so I just concentrated on running as fast as I could. The scolding would come if we got out of this alive. It took all my focus to notice every rock, tree, bush, branch, and dip that could spell doom for the two of us. As we burst through a clearing, I strained my ears to catch any sign of our pursuers. I was immediately rewarded with sounds of hundreds of breaking branches and rustling leaves, but forced my attention back to the path ahead. I jerked right, just in time to avoid being incinerated by the fireball that impacted right where I was about to leap. The shock wave from the resulting explosion knocked me off balance, and I skidded across the forest floor, right into a tree. However, it only delayed me for a moment, and I went right back to fleeing from our pursuers. The forest ahead grew thicker, and I was forced to slow down considerably. I tried to aim for the areas where the trees grew closest together, several times almost unseating my rider. I felt the sting of numerous cuts open from outstretched branches, but ignored the pain and kept going, intent only on escaping our pursuers. Finally making herself useful, my passenger unsheathed her axe and began swinging it at branches and trunks in an effort to slow anyone behind us down. It worked, and I heard the cries of the wounded behind us. Unfortunately, they quickly changed to yells of determination, which served to help me catapult us to even greater speeds. I couldn't spare the time to glance at my legs, but I knew that they would only appear as blurs to any bystander, though it would be hard-pressed to find one in the New York woods. I saw a stream meandering through the forest, and leaped over it, to continue running on the relatively clear ground there. I didn't allow myself to become distracted with thoughts of safety by the more stable ground, but focused all my senses to warn me of further attacks. Just in time, too, because more explosions began to rock the ground behind me. Water sprinkled down all around, thrown up from the stream by the shock waves. Ahead, I saw an uncharacteristically even break in the forest, almost as if a line had been drawn in the trees themselves. Just before I reached it, I noticed a fallen log. I leaped to avoid it, right over the line in the foliage. Time slowed down. That's how it felt, anyway. I was stuck in midair, moving like molasses. My body wouldn't respond to any commands, and the stiffness on my shoulders told me that my passenger had the same problem. Then we suddenly moved forward normally again, as if we had broken through some kind of barrier. Unprepared for the change, I landed badly and tumbled uncontrollably until I came to a stop. It took the last of my energy to lift my head up to make sure my passenger made it, and then I lapsed into unconsciousness. The first thing I was aware of was a repeated prodding in my side. I swatted at it weakly, and it ceased for a moment, then came back even stronger. I willed my eyes open, and the sight of a frowning girl leaning over me, long hair almost touching my face, made me want to close them. "Ha! You're awake! Don't try to fool me! I saw your eyes open," she told me. Keeping my eyes firmly shut, I mumbled, "Five more minutes," as I let my head go slack and bump against the grass-covered ground. I hoped the ploy would make her go away. "Fine," she said, and I almost relaxed. But then a much harder jab came, deeper in my side. I jumped to my feet and snapped into a combat stance. The offender held one end of a bow, the other end right where my ribs had been a second ago. When she made no further move to provoke me, I relaxed, and studied her a little more closely. She was athletically built, with unrestrained auburn hair, and was wearing comfortable-looking jeans with a sheathed dagger hanging at her side and a bright orange shirt. "Camp Half-Blood. Well, that explains…" I jabbed a thumb at the barrier, "why I didn't wake up dead by monster, and why you didn't just put an arrow in me." I snorted. "Of all the places to accidentally run into, literally, while being chased by a horde of monsters, this would probably be the best." I looked around cursorily before returning my gaze to the camper. "I was traveling with my sister. Have you seen her? She's hard to miss, with the-" "Bright blue hair? Yeah. She's right over there." With the bow, she pointed to a shallow dip a few yards away. The camper laughed. "I've never seen anyone with quite that color hair before." I walked over to my still-unconscious sister. "Yeah. She really likes it, but I have no idea why. Whatever makes her happy, you know?" I bent down, and poked her on the crown of the head, then jumped back none too soon. Her hand smashed right through where mine had been a second earlier. She flipped herself up, and looked around for the offender that had dared disturb her. I waved a hand to get her attention. "Easy. You were knocked unconscious. Are you okay?" She patted herself down quickly, then looked up and replied, "Yep. Everything's in prime condition." "Good." I turned to the camper. "All right. Thanks for waking me up, but it's time for us to go. We've got things to do and people to see." I wave and set off toward the barrier. "Not so fast." All the helpfulness that had been in the camper's voice was gone, replaced by steel. I turned, and she had her bow nocked and aimed directly at my chest. "I don't know who you are, but you're not leaving here so easily. I'm taking you to Chiron." She slowly circled around us, and threatened us into moving where she wanted us to go. My companion stiffened, and began reaching for her weapon. "We don't have to go anywhere!" I put a hand on her arm. "Ree, calm down. Let's not antagonize the nice lady who has the weapon pointed at us," I soothed, then looked at our threatener. "Fine, we'll go with you. Just put the bow down, would you? It's making my skin crawl." "I don't trust you. You'll just run off the second I let my guard down," she said. "Okay, okay. I swear on the River Styx that I'll follow you to Chiron. Happy?" Thunder rumbled. She visibly relaxed, and lowered the bow. "Yeah. It'll be faster this way. Thanks for doing that." We walked in silence for a few yards, then she spoke up again, "What are your names? I can't just keep calling you Spike-wannabe and Blue-Hair in my head. What'd you call her? Ree?" I raised an eyebrow at her and said, "Spike wannabe?" I adjusted my black leather duster. "I'm flattered," I said, deadpan. "But my name's James." I tipped my head toward my companion. "She's Pyleria." I waited expectantly for a few seconds as we walked, and then she finally said, "My name's Cara." "Well then, nice to be threatened by you and forced to go where you want us, Cara." She opened her mouth to reply, but just then we broke through the trees and caught sight of Camp Half-Blood. I'll admit, it is an interesting place, and it's a bit odd to see Greek architecture in the middle of a forest. We went mostly unnoticed until we were almost to the large house on one end. Then we were hailed by a large, loud camper, who was standing outside a red-painted cabin decorated with weapons and boar heads. "Hey, Cara! Nice going, abandoning your post! That's what, the third infraction this week? You're really not cut out for this, are you? Go home! Oh, wait. You can't." her whole cabin burst into harsh laughter. Cara turned bright red and ignored them. Ehh. Not making such a good first impression on me. I never really liked Ares anyway. "Yo, half-wits!" I taunted. "If you had eyes, you would've noticed that she was accompanying us to Chiron! Too bad you can't see very well with those beady little things!" I then began counting down in my head. Four, three, two, one. Now. The entire cabin stared in shock, jaws slack. Evidently no one dared insult them like that, and they didn't really know how to respond. They had just gathered up their surprise, and the first speaker raised a spear as if to charge, when a loud, authoritative voice stopped her in her tracks. "Clarisse! Stop that this instant. Cara did exactly the right thing." I turned to face the speaker, a scholarly, yet still strong-looking… centaur. He was apparently satisfied with Clarisse's look of penitence, and turned to study us more closely. "Miss Jenkins, you did exactly the right thing by bringing them to me. Thank you. Now, please resume your post." Cara nodded, her face returning to its usual color. "Yes, Chiron. I'll get right on that." Chiron motioned for us to follow him back to the house. Once I had shut the door behind us, he cleared his throat. "Since you have never been here before, but have obviously survived for quite a few years, I trust I do not have to explain anything to you?" I wrinkled my brow and asked, "How could you tell?" "You carry yourself like a fighter. Also, I can see the scar on your neck. That would tend to give it away," he said dryly. I rubbed the offending lump of tissue ruefully. "Your instincts are correct, but that scar didn't come from a monster." Before he could ask, I continued. "Well, I suppose we should be polite and introduce ourselves." I nudged Pyleria. She jumped. "Oh! Well, uh, I'm Pyleria Murphy, daughter of a sea spirit." She looked at Chiron apologetically and shrugged. "I don't know which one though. We've even consulted a few seers, and all they could tell us is that he or she has been long forgotten." I stepped forward and said, "I am James Murphy, blessed of Artemis." Chiron raised an eyebrow, and stroked his chin. "I have heard those names before. Pyleria Giant-Slayer. I would never have