Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. This is a O/S. I may add to it sometime in the future. . . Bella. My eyes were focused on the table in front of me, my breathing steady. Stay calm Bella, stay calm and breathe . I kept up the steady chant in my mind. A large hand appeared in my vision, pressing down on the tape recorder. When I looked up to see who that hand belonged to, a pair of bright green eyes locked with mine. "This interview is being recorded and may be used as evidence if a case against you is brought to trial. The time is 2100 hours on Monday, May 12, 2015. This interview is being held at Seattle Southwest Precinct." As he sat down in front of me, my eyes still on his, I blushed. "My name is Detective Cullen; I work at Seattle Southwest Precinct. My role today is to interview you in relation to a suspected offense. I will be making notes during the interview—merely for my reference. Also present, is Detective McCarthy." Tenting his fingers, he looked at me and pursed his lips. "Can you state your full name, please?" My hands shook as I spoke. "Isabella Marie Swan." "And your date of birth?" "September 13th, 1989." Observing the detective, I noticed how his messy bronze hair, along with his piercing eyes, made him look very handsome. "Can you confirm—for the purpose of the tape—there are no other people present in the interview room besides you, Detective McCarthy, and myself?" "Yes. I mean, um, there are no other people present." He nodded and smiled at me. "Now, please remember: you have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law. Do you understand?" "Yes." I gulped, focusing on the table in front of me as I felt his eyes on my face. "You have the right to an attorney. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed to you. Anything you do say may be used as evidence. Do you require an attorney Miss Swan?" "No." "May I ask why, Miss Swan?" "I'm just being questioned, right?" My tear-filled eyes flicked to his. "I'm not being charged with anything, am I?" "No, Miss Swan, you are not being charged. We just have a few questions we need to ask you." After exhaling deeply, I said,"Okay." I basically knew that since I'd phoned Charlie on my way to the precinct, and he'd talked me through what would happen. Yet I couldn't help being nervous. "If you change your mind at any point, let me know and I can stop the interview. You can then speak to an attorney by phone or in person." He stood up and walked to another table, grabbing a piece of paper before turning around and facing me. "At the conclusion of this interview, I'll give you some information explaining what happens to the tapes, and how you or your attorney can have access to them." He walked back to where I was and sat down. "Ok, now tell me. Do you know a Jacob Black?" "Yes, he's my ex-fiancé," I explained, my voice quivering. "Good, Miss Swan." He nodded and leaned forward. "Do you know his whereabouts?" "No. I haven't seen him in a while." "Doesn't it strike you as odd no one has seen or spoken to your fiancé in the last three weeks?" " Ex-fiancé ," I reiterated. "And I don't know; Jake liked to take off sometimes." "There was a history of violence in the relationship, wasn't there? Your neighbors made numerous phone calls to the Seattle Police Department over the past year." He leaned back into his chair, his eyes only leaving mine briefly to write in the small notebook he had placed on the table. "No comment, but what does that have to do with Jake taking off? Is he in trouble?" His eyebrows furrowed as he took notes, his tongue poked out to lick his bottom lip, which was fascinating to watch. "No, he's not in trouble. His father filed a missing person's report, as did his girlfriend, who also reported her car as stolen. It seems Mr. Black borrowed it without permission." "Okay. Well"—I shrugged—"I haven't seen Jake." "When was the last time you saw Mr. Black, Miss Swan?" "I don't know... A little over two months ago when he went to retrieve the last of his things from my apartment." "Did you end the relationship on good terms?" He looked at me intently, like he was trying to see into my head. " Does any relationship end on good terms ? He cheated on me throughout our relationship, and he wasn't happy with the fact I was the one who ended things between us." "You maintain you haven't seen him since he went to your apartment to collect the rest of his belongings?" "No, I haven't seen him since then." "Your neighbors have reported Mr. Black was seen outside your building last month, around the 8th. You didn't speak to him?" "No. I had no idea he was outside; he never went up to the apartment." "Yes, that's what your neighbors said, Miss Swan. He didn't try to contact you? Maybe a phone call?" I shook my head. "No." Damn, Jake was still a pain in my ass even after our relationship was over. "When he went to collect his belongings, did he say anything? Maybe he mentioned he was taking a trip?" "No, but he had no reason to tell me; he's Leah's problem now. I had no reason to question what, where or who he was doing." I'd stopped questioning Jake ages ago. "Miss Swan," the other detective said, causing me to look over at him. "Do you have any thoughts on his whereabouts?" "He's probably with another woman. It's his style, and Leah should know that seeing as she was one of his many other women." "Thank you, Miss Swan. Is there anything you'd like to add before we conclude this interview?" I turned back to Detective Cullen as he spoke, his eyes holding me captive, I shook my head. "Please let it be known, for the record, that Miss Swan shook her head in a negative motion." Detective Cullen spoke, sending me a small smile. "Sorry. No, there's nothing more to add." He offers me another smile. "I'm now handing you the notice explaining what happens to the tapes. The time is now 2130 hours, and the interview is concluded. I'm now switching off the recorder." Detective Cullen stopped the tape recorder and removed three tapes, explaining one was the master copy, which would be sealed. The second was a copy for any officers working the case, if there were one , and the third would be given to my attorney should I have one in the future. "Don't worry, Miss Swan, it's just protocol." He handed me a piece of paper and asked me to sign in acknowledgment of the tapes. Then, he gave them to Detective McCarthy, who nodded in my direction and left the room. "Thank you for your cooperation today, Miss Swan." Detective Cullen stood and offered me his hand. "If I have any more…" He trailed off, clearing his throat when our hands touched and looked down at them. Did he feel the tingle working its way up my arm? "If we have any more questions we will contact you." Detective Cullen looked up and stared into my eyes. "Okay." My voice was low, my eyes never leaving his. I don't know how long we stood there, not talking, just looking at each other, but Detective McCarthy entering the room broke us apart. I jumped back, feeling a blush warm my cheeks. Sending them both a small smile, I left the precinct still feeling the effects of Detective Cullen. Pulling my phone out, I called my father since I knew he'd be worried. He had wanted to drive to Seattle once he learned I was being interviewed, but I told him to stay in Forks, he wouldn't have made it here in time anyway. The phone didn't complete its first ring before he picked up. "Bella!?" he shouted over the phone. "Calm down, Dad; I'm fine," I said, making my way to the parking lot. "What happened? Are you okay? Did they find Jake?" Charlie inquired before exhaling deeply. Once I reached my car, I opened the door and sat, listening while my father got his bearings. "Nothing happened," I explained. "They just asked a few questions, and I'm fine. Detective Cullen was really nice, and no, they haven't found Jake." "Okay. Well, I spoke to Billy, and he said Leah was the one who told the police Jake might be with you because she thinks you guys are shacking up again." I snorted. "Unlike Leah, I would never get involved with a man who was in a relationship." "I know." "Listen, Dad, I have to go; I'm still in the parking lot. I'll call you when I get back home." "Okay, honey," Charlie said. "Are you sure you're okay?" "I'm okay; I promise." "Good, good. Speak to you soon, sweetheart." "Bye." I put the phone in my bag and started the engine. Pulling out of the parking garage, I noticed Detective Cullen watching me. I offered him a smile, which he returned, making my breath catch. Waving briefly at him, I made my way home, cursing my stupidity. As if Detective Cullen would be interested in me. I imagine he's married to some beautiful model with 2.4 kids. Men like him are never single for too long. Once I reached my apartment, I started to relax. Although, the thought that Jake was still messing up my life did make me a bit uneasy. I'd met him when I first moved to Forks to live with Charlie. Being the son of my dad's best friend, it was only natural for us to become friends, too. As we got older, though, things eventually turned sexual between us, especially since Jake is good looking. Then, at twenty-two, he proposed. I should have known agreeing to marry him was a terrible idea. Yes, I cared about Jake—loved him even—but it wasn't that all-consuming, make-your-heart-skip-a-beat love. I only cared about him as a friend, so our relationship was comfortable, and I should have ended it, but I thought my feelings would change. Unfortunately, they didn't, causing Jake to grow cold. He began snapping at me for the littlest of things, and he'd disappear for days. He wasn't cut out for the city life, and that just brought forth more reasons as to why we shouldn't have been together. He would stay at the Rez, and I figured he needed to be there not only for his father but for himself. What I found out later was he liked to visit the Rez so he could fuck Leah. When I attempted to end our relationship, Jake snapped and slapped me. I was shocked at first, deciding it was definitely in my best interest that we end things. Unfortunately, I was a coward. I didn't follow through, and after Jake apologized for the hundredth time, I forgave him. Our relationship quickly grew more volatile, and while he never put his hands on me again, he developed a short fuse. Jake would often scream at me over the smallest of things, and often liked to call me names. Making me feel worthless was his favorite thing to do, which still upsets me to this day since I allowed myself to be treated that way. My ringing phone interrupted my thoughts. It was probably Charlie making sure I arrived home safe. Without checking my caller ID, I answered immediately. "Hello." "Bella!" my mother shrieked. I bit back a groan. I was not in the mood to