If you dont like darker fics I would recommend you give this a miss to be on the safe side. This is inspired by the TV series Dexter so if that isn't your cup of tea then I would suggest giving this fic a miss. I only have a few chapters pre-written but most of the plot on paper. I will be uploading once a week until it is all written then I may update twice a week. Thank you to Sherry who is always there to beta my writing and offer support. Any mistakes in this are mine as I tend to add more after she has been through it. I do not own Twilight or Dexter or any other recognizable aspects of this fic. Edward. The moonlight highlights the streets of Seattle, it's a quiet night; calm, almost peaceful… The perfect setting. Tonight's the night. I had been watching him for a week now, it has to happen tonight. He's not the first and certainly won't be the last. I had been sitting outside his apartment building every night; watching, waiting. He had a routine, a routine that I had down to a tee. "There he is," I murmured to myself, as I watched him leave on his midnight run. I guess being a jock-type individual made him feel safe about running at this time of night. Mike Newton, son of Richard and Vivian Newton. Lovely, salt of the earth family. He's the one that's been questioned in connection with the rape and murder of four women. Not enough evidence. I hate when that happens… but he's guilty; I know it, and so does he. My blade will get a confession from him before the night is over. I follow behind him at a slow, steady pace; the needle tucked into my pocket, ready for him. Gaining speed I wait until we are nearing my car that I parked at the edge of the trail. Then I pounce, my left hand clamping over his mouth, as my right hand sticks the needle into his neck. I watch as his wide shocked eyes roll into the back of his head; the drug taking hold over his body. ~E~ Stripped completely naked and bound to the table. I wake my guest up. "Time to wake up, Mike." I tap his face and his eyes open wide; he pulls at the restraints, panicked, he tries to scream behind the tape over his mouth. I watch as his eyes move around the room, no doubt taking in the plastic covering the walls. "Did they scream, Mike?" I walked around the table, grabbing the portable easel board. "Did they?" I set the board up in front of the table and tack four pictures up. Four girls, beaten and raped by this man. "Look at them," Mike squeezes his eyes shut and turns his head away. "Look before I cut your fucking eyelids off." His eyes open wide and he turns to look at the board. Removing the gag, I listened to his pleas, "I'm sorry. Please, I'm sorry. Oh God. Oh God." "Stop! God won't help you!" I shout, hating his pathetic cries. "Please." "Stop... It's time for the truth." "Please… I'll do anything… Please." Tears start to fall down his face as he begs. "That's good. Beg. Did these girls beg, Mike?" I start to display my equipment, relishing at the fear I see in his eyes. His cries grow louder as he babbles his excuses, "Please. I couldn't help myself, I just couldn't... Please, you have to understand." His sobbing and sniveling disgust's me. Trust me, I understand perfectly. I lean down to look into his eyes. "See, I can't help myself either. But innocent women?" I shake my head. "You did this because it gets you off. You like to fuck women and then kill them." The disgust in my voice is clear and I lean in closer. "You see I have standards. A code I like to follow." I move the tray so he can see the equipment I had brought for him. His eyes took in the bottles of chemicals, small saws, drills, scalpels, and knives of every shape and size. It's an unseemly display of gleaming, sterile metal utensils. Before he can scream again, I tape his mouth back shut, as far as I was concerned he had already admitted to the crime. The details weren't necessary. Putting on my surgical gloves, I spoke, "I guess you could say I've taken it upon myself to rid the world of scum like you." I pick up the scalpel and make an incision on his cheek. Watching the blood drip slowly down his cheek; I caught a bit on my finger, wanting so much to feel it on my bare skin. "You see, Mike, blood tends to get me a little… excited. I guess you could say it's my drug of choice." I rubbed the blood between my thumb and forefinger, feeling the adrenaline start to course through my body. I'm positively vibrating with excitement. Taking a few deep breaths I control myself and smile at Mike. Time to get to work. Cracking my neck, I pick up the saw and turn it on. I watch as Mike begins to panic; his screams muffled by the tape over his mouth. I bring the saw slowly down between his legs and start to remove the very appendage that caused him all this trouble in the first place. I watch as his blood flies from the blade and relish at the feel of it on my arms and face. The splatter of it coating the plastic walls remind me of the abstract art shown in some of the galleries Esme was so fond of. I wonder if people would appreciate it, see the beauty in the red liquid coating the plastic. The very essence that gives life to them. Probably not. The rest of my tasks go without trouble. Mike's screams died off after I had started to remove his toes. Blood loss is a bitch. I bag Mike's body up in several different trash bags ready for disposal and place them in the trunk of my car. Driving through town, I think about whatever made me this way. I'm hollow; empty inside. People fake a lot of human interactions, but I fake it all, and I fake it very well. The problem is; I care about people about as much as I care for my shoes. My adoptive parents have nothing to do with the way I am. Carlisle and Esme raised me well; Carlisle has even taken to helping me with my little 'hobby'. I remember the day he first spoke to me about it, I was twelve. I was helping my father work in his office at home, organizing his files. "Edward, son, there's something we need to discuss." I look up at Carlisle as he speaks. "You're different, aren't you?" I swallow hard, "What do you mean?" " The Turners said Mittens, their cat, has gone missing." I turn away from him, not wanting to talk about this. My eyes stayed on the file in my hand. " I found the grave, son." His voice was soft, but firm. I turn to face him, feeling the anger surface. "That stupid cat kept coming inside our house and mom's allergic, it made her sick. It scratched Alice the other week and it's always meowing. Keeping everybody up at night." Carlisle continues to look at me, "There were a lot of bones in there Edward… And not just Mittens." He walks round the table and places his hand on my shoulder. "How long has this been going on, son?" " A while," I speak between gritted teeth. His arm comes over my shoulder and he pulls me to him. Pulling up to my house I wait for the garage doors to open and smile. I got lucky when I purchased this property; not only because it was situated away from everybody, perfectly placed in the forest, but because not many places have their very own crematory. My house used to be a funeral home in the early eighties, and fortunately for me, the furnace that was located in the basement still worked perfectly well. I had made a private entrance to the basement in the garage, behind the large wheeled shelving unit I used to store tools that I never used. It made disposing of the body's quite easy. Parking in the garage, I opened the trunk and started to remove Mike. I moved the wheeled shelving unit, so I could open the small, hidden door behind it. It took a good ten minutes to get Mike down to the basement and into the furnace. Moving a chopped up body can be quite challenging, especially if you're trying to avoid getting any nicks in the bags. Blood was a bitch to remove from stone floors. Heading into my bedroom I undressed and walked naked towards the bathroom. Showering for ten minutes, I lather up all over, scrub my face hard, then knead the shampoo deep into my scalp. I enjoy the whole experience a great deal. Drying myself in front of the mirror, I brushed my teeth for two minutes before entering my closet and choosing my work clothes for the following day. Everything is organized and precise. Just the way I liked it. My life consisted of routines, Carlisle had taught me how to cover my tracks; everything had to be perfect or I would slip and get myself caught. I'm a very neat monster. ~E~ The next morning I start my daily routine of fifty situps and twenty pushups before getting dressed in my usual neatly pressed black trousers, crisp white shirt, and black tie; they have become my daily uniform. Grabbing my usual bagel and coffee on my way to work; I enter the building at precisely 8:45. Never a minute before or after. "Good morning, Dr. Cullen." I nod to the nurse whose name I don't care to remember and head straight to my office. At the age of thirty-three, I have become well respected in my profession, and I was now the Head of the Emergency Department. Carlisle was surprised when I decided to study medicine, not quite understanding the dynamics between my career and my 'hobby'. Out of his three adopted children, I was the least expected to follow in his footsteps. I didn't exactly have the greatest bedside manner or a tolerance for people, but I could fake it when needed, and Carlisle was suitably impressed with my dedication to my chosen field. It's the side job he didn't care too much for. Hurried footsteps met my ears, and I turned to see a nurse hurrying in my direction. "Dr. Cullen, automobile accident on the 405 at Bellevue. Casualties on route." I thanked the Nurse and headed to the ambulance bay in the ER. I watch as the stretchers start to appear, each one containing minor injuries, turning I follow a gurney with a child on it only to be stopped by my name being called. "Dr. Cullen!" I turn to see a familiar police officer running beside a stretcher and run to join him. "What do we have?" "Drunk driver. He was the initial cause of the accident, I suspect it's a broken leg." I nod to the paramedic as he places my patient in the trauma room and start to check his vitals. Warm breath hit my ear as the officer leans over to speak to me. "Fucking idiot's tanked. Crashed into numerous cars before hitting a post." He pulls me away from the injured man. "Officer," I speak but before I can continue he interrupts me. "Bullshit, Doc, he could have killed someone." The anger in his eyes is clear. "Officer Cullen, if you don't allow me to do my job I will have to ask you to leave."