Thank you Sherry for all your help, including the song choice, I couldn't do this without you. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I am planning to extend this into a multi chapter fic (if that's what people want) but to be honest I have a couple of ideas but nothing written down yet. I have been told to check out Sons of Anarchy for ideas, so that's my plan. I do not post until I have written at least 10 Chapters. I have also written a small piece on how Bella got to the roadside that day. Once its edited I will post. Thank you to everyone who voted for this in the CPS contest. Crimson and Clover. . The Devil's Disciples were my life, those crazy motherfuckers were my brothers. I wasn't in it for the chicks or the money, I loved the violence and the freedom of the open road. It was in my blood. But a month on the road can take its toll on you and I was ready to be home. I was slowly taking over for my father, who had promised to spend more time with my mother. You never truly left the crew unless it was in a body bag, but he was taking fewer responsibilities, and allowing me to take the lead more. Preparing me to take over. Over the years the biker culture has grown, some hardcore, but many consisted of a bunch of pussies with too much fucking cash and not enough balls. Territorial wars often broke out and the cops would stand back and watch, hoping we would take each other out, fucking pussies didn't want to get their hands dirty. Italy gave the world the mafia, China spawned the triad, but America gave the world the bikers. There were rules to follow if you wanted to join. You had to demonstrate absolute loyalty to the club in order to get your patch. Despite what the rumors say you do not have to be a criminal to join, no murder or serious crime had to be committed. Members could spend years in the club without taking part in any criminal activity, but they were far from innocent. I mean it's hard to stay clean while you watch one of your brothers make a drug deal or beat a man to death. My whole crew consisted of over a hundred men, out of those, sixty percent had committed serious crimes. The rest were either rookies that would not last the year or small timers like accountants and people who helped on the day to day running of the business. We had just dealt with the last of our business in Phoenix and we were heading home. It had been fun, but I just wanted to kick up my feet and relax at the clubhouse. It had been one cluster-fuck after another. I had my hands in a lot of pies these days, from drug trafficking and racketeering to contract killing. It was rare that I had to go handle business myself, but when someone is rumored to be talking to the feds, I had no choice but to pay them a visit, goddamn cunt had balls the size of Texas. Thinking about Phoenix made me angry, I needed a goddamn smoke. I pulled into a gas station, the eighteen guys behind me all following. I lit up a smoke and took a deep pull, the nicotine immediately making me feel better. This would be the last stop before home. I watched Emmett and Jasper head straight for the diner across the street, always thinking about food those fuckers. After filling up, I headed inside to pay, picking up a drink and a pack of smokes. That's when some asshole behind me spoke. "What kind of bike is that?" I turned and looked at the guy, he was wearing baggy pants with a wife-beater, looking like some rap video gangster reject. "Harley, Road King," I answered flatly, turning to leave. "Is it fast?" "Yes." I spoke between gritted teeth, I wasn't in the mood for conversing with idiots. I'd only had one smoke and my tolerance was wearing thin. "I bet my car can beat your bike." He and his friends started laughing and nudging each other, that's when I snapped. I slammed the guy with my fist, splitting his lip and busting his nose. The guy recovered quickly and pulled a gun, but before he could do anything, his friends dragged him away. I was not amused at the show of disrespect. No one pulls a gun on me and gets away with it. I followed behind him, pissed the fuck off, removing the gun from the back of my jeans. I hit him over the head, knocking him to the ground and aimed the gun between his eyes. "You pull a gun on me, you better make sure you pull the trigger, boy." I watched as he pissed himself and I laughed. This would improve my mood greatly. There's nothing better than taking your frustration out on some stupid fucker. "Not so tough now, are you?" I could feel someone come up behind me and before I could turn around Jasper spoke. "Come on Ed, there're too many witnesses here, it's not worth it." I gritted my teeth. He was right, I couldn't afford to get caught killing some gangbanger wannabe. After getting away with everything I had, it would be just my fucking luck that I get caught killing this fucking asshole. "You're lucky. This asshole just saved your life." I reached into his jeans and removed his gun. "When anybody pulls a gun on me, it belongs to me." I tucked the gun into my jeans. "Now leave before I change my mind." Aggravated, I lit up another smoke and climbed onto my bike. As soon as I flicked the butt away, I kickstarted it and drove away. I knew the guys would catch up in no time. After about five minutes the sound of their engines met my ears from behind me. Driving down the deserted road, I spotted what looked to be the finest ass I had ever seen encased in a pair of jeans that clung like a second skin. Long flowing brown locks reached the middle of her back. She had her thumb held out as she walked. I waved the guys forward and pulled to a stop on the side of the road next to her. "Hey, need a ride?" I asked, my eyes raking over her body, fuck, I bit my lip hard, so goddamn hot. As my eyes reached her face, I smiled. I was looking into the most beautiful pair of brown eyes I had ever seen. "Well, hello, Angel eyes." She laughed, "Yes, please." She smiled a sexy fucking smile while looking me over from head to toe. "Then hop on, I'll take you wherever you want to go." Her eyes drifted over to the road ahead and I knew she could see a couple of my guys waiting. "You're safe Angel eyes, I promise no one will touch you. You have my word." "No one will touch me?" She raised an eyebrow, "I hope that's not true." I laughed, "Where to baby?" "Anywhere but here," she leaned forward, her lips almost touching mine. I noticed blood on her bottom lip. "Can I come with you?" I looked into those eyes of hers and nodded. "Looks like you're coming to Hollister with me, baby. What's with the crimson?" I looked at her bloody lip. "It's nothing I couldn't handle." She waved her hand, and my fist clenched at the thought of someone hurting her. "You sure? I bet I could make him real sorry." She laughed and hitched her leg over behind me, her arms circling around my waist, and she squeezed. "I'm sure, Clover." I looked back at her in question. "Your eyes are the loveliest shade of green I've ever seen, like Clover." I laughed and adjusted my cock. This was going to be a long ass ride. "Hold on tight Crimson baby." I revved the bike and sped off, catching up with the rest of the guys in no time. We were nearing home and I couldn't wait. The roar of the bike had made it impossible to talk, and the sexy little vixen behind me had been teasing me all the way, brushing her hands over my cock, licking the back of my neck. Her warm center was pushed up behind me and every so often she would rub herself against me. I was finding it hard to concentrate when all I wanted to do was bend her over my bike and fuck her brains out. ~C&C~ The clubhouse was in a rundown part of town, on a small street lined with busted up cars and dead palm trees. It used to be a strip club back in the 70's. There were about twenty bikes parked outside and a few cars, most of those belonged to the newbies. They were essentially gofers until they move up in ranks, that's when they get to ride with us. But in the meantime, their job was to find women for the crew's entertainment and run the small errands that we deemed unworthy of our time. Pulling into the lot and parking in my space, I cut the engine. "Sit still," I ordered her, as I climbed off my bike. She looked like sin sitting on my ride as the wind blew her hair, making my dick twitch. Images of her riding me flashed through my mind. Shaking those thoughts from my head, I picked her sexy ass up and off my Harley, letting her slide down my front, feeling what she's done to me, and holding her against me. "What's your name, Crimson?" I asked, one hand gripping her ass as I ground my hard dick into her front, while my other hand touched the broken skin on her lip. "Bella, Isabella Swan, but I prefer Bella." She moaned as I licked the small amount of blood from her lip. "Mmmm… Beautiful name for a beautiful girl. I'm Edward," I murmured, my mouth busy moving up and down her neck. "How old are you, beautiful?" I picked her up and pushed her against the nearby car. "Twenty-two," she breathed out between pants. "You?" "I'm thirty-three. Do you have any issues with much older men?" "None whatsoever," She whispered. "Good." I put her down and grabbed her hand dragging her into the clubhouse and to the far end corner of the room. I picked her up and put her on the mini stage at the side of the bar. This was my spot, the place where I sat when relaxing, the place I sat when I was being entertained. "I want you to dance for me, Crimson." Her smile was wicked and her hips started to move seductively to the beat. "Fuck me," I muttered. She was spectacular. I reached behind the bar blindly for the bottle of whiskey, my eyes refused to move from her body. I was hypnotized. Her giggle carried over the loud music. She was wicked and knew exactly what she was doing. Crimson may look innocent with those pretty angel eyes and sweet smile, but something tells me she's going to keep me on my toes. Her hands slid up her torso, and I caught her intent immediately. "Don't even think about it baby girl, that blouse stays on. No one sees you like that but me!" I shouted at her. "Jesus Christ." I hissed as she dipped low. My hand palmed my dick. I was so turned on and aching for her. She was driving me fucking crazy. "Crawl to me Crimson baby." She dropped to her knees and slowly worked her way to me and I grabbed the whiskey.