This was a one shot I did for the Trick and Treats contest. Hope you enjoy it. Thank you Belynda for lending me your awesome beta skills and thank you Kara for pre-reading, love ya. Blackbird. October 31st 2016 "Did you have a good time, honey?" I remove my daughter's ladybug headband and slip her nightie over her head. Her little face breaks out into a wide beautiful smile. "So much, Mommy. Sarah said my costume was the best and I got lots of candy." Her words are rushed with excitement. "And I wasn't scared at all. Even when Jane and Alec said the scary monsters were out on Halloween." I can't help but smile. My brave little bug. "That's because you have nothing to worry about." I grab her little hand and lead her towards the bathroom. "Now, let's get your teeth brushed and into bed. Maybe we will have time for a story if you're quick." I laugh as she pulls me along with her. My daughter. My little miracle. I wasn't supposed to have children. The doctors had all said it was impossible for me to conceive after the accident. At sixteen I hadn't been too worried but when I met my husband, I knew I could never give him what he deserved so I pushed him away. "Ready, Mommy." Her dimpled smile brings me out of my dark thoughts of the past. She was my gift. I'm convinced she was my payment for the help I gave them. "Ready." I pick her up and walk into her bedroom, placing her on the bed I help her get comfortable beneath the covers. "Now, what story would you like?" I don't know why I bothered to ask. It was Halloween so I knew which one she would want. "Blackbird, Mommy. It's my favorite." I get myself comfortable. It's my favorite too. "Once upon a time, there was a beautiful girl named Isabella." My voice grows soft as I remember. October 31st, 2007 BPOV When I was a little girl, my mother would remind me each night before bed to be sure to pray to God, for he was kind and just and if I kept God in my heart then he would keep me safe. Things changed after my father died a few years later, leaving her to raise me alone. She never talked about a kind God again. Instead, she spoke of a prophecy, a tale that had been passed down through the family. A tale of a young woman who would be seduced by the Devil, who would have to choose between the light and the dark, for she was the key. If she chooses to accept her place by his side she would be instrumental in bringing the darkness to earth, the Devil would walk among us once again. One night I finally got up the courage to ask my mother why the woman would choose the darkness? "Love," she had said, tucking the covers around me and kissing my forehead, "the woman would choose love whether or not the darkness came with it." Her eyes got the same look she would get when she thought of my father. "Love is worth risking anything for." I remember wondering if the devil could love the woman. He was evil after all, wasn't he? My mother could never answer that question. It wasn't long before she stopped talking about the woman and the devil. She stopped talking to me about anything. Instead, she choose to drink through her grief. I knew she missed my father terribly, but not wanting to leave your barely eighteen-year-old daughter alone in the world should have been enough to make her stop. But it wasn't, and five years after my father's death, I lost my mother. It was just me now. It's easy to see why most of my peers found me strange. I guess some people would call me morbid. What kind of person comes to a cemetery on Halloween? Me, of course. This was my favorite time of year. For some reason, every year I felt more comfortable on this day. At peace. I always found it weird because while most children were fearing the ghosts and goblins getting them on Halloween, I had always felt protected. Like some invisible force was watching over me. I had felt that presence my whole life. Rows of tombstones stood erect, in silence; to the left and right, in front and behind, like a sea of the dead. Some were crumbled with the weathering of centuries, some were smooth marble with new black writing, laid with floral tributes. Most, though, were overgrown and unkempt, for now, even their mourners had joined them under the clay soil. It really was a shame. Would this be me? Would my grave stone be left to rot, no one here to mourn me? I didn't have anyone. No family. No husband. No friends. The only people I really spoke to were my work colleagues. Placing the rose on the grave I look around, feeling as if I'm being watched. Not seeing anyone I turn back and run my fingers over the engraved writing. In loving memory of Charlie Swan Beloved Father and Husband. 1967-2000 "Hi, Dad." I sit and cross my legs, feeling the wet grass soak through my jeans. "I miss you." Rain starts to fall, spattering the headstone, making it appear darker. "I feel so alone." My voice is soft and low, but for some reason, my confession sounds loud in the silence. Charlie died in a home invasion. He was the Chief of police in my little hometown and had been called to a break in. The intruder had managed to sneak up on him and shoot him in the back. I was old enough to understand what had happened but I couldn't understand why God would allow my daddy to be taken away from me. My Grandmother Higginbotham used to tell me I was special, that God was paying extra special attention to me. She made me pray regularly for me to be saved; from what I never quite understood but I prayed nonetheless. But God didn't care; if he did my daddy would still be here and my mother would not have left me all alone. A crow flies low over my head, making me flinch and lands on my father's grave. It stares at me, its dark eyes appear more aware than any bird I have ever seen. Its loud caws, rattles, and clicks were mesmerizing to listen to. "Creepy bird." The sky darkens and the rain gets heavier. Lightning strikes, making me jump. I sigh, I guess I need to head to work. "Bye, Dad." I stand and walk through the cemetery, pausing as I spot the crow sitting on top of the gate, its little beak pecking at the iron. I suppress the shiver as its eyes continue to watch me. Pulling the gate open slowly, not wanting to disturb the bird. I freeze staring at my hand. Deep red covers my palm. Blood. Where the hell did the blood come from? The crow cries and I watch as it continues to peck at the gate. Blood drips down from each place the crow pecks making me cringe. I'm frozen, my eyes trained on the creepy bird. Then I feel it again. Someone is watching me. I look around the cemetery, not seeing anyone, then movement catches my eye. On one of the old apartment buildings overlooking the cemetery is a tall dark figure, its dark long coat blowing in the wind. I stare, feeling a strange calming sensation run through me. My eyes feel heavy and my body feels weightless, it's an unsettling feeling and I begin to feel scared. What is happening? I need to get out of here. I need to get to work. With great difficulty, I turn and run. EPOV I watch as she flees from the cemetery, her heart beating in fear. She has no need to fear me as I mean her no harm. Once a year since she reached the age of five I had visited her, watched her as she grew. She would be mine. My anchor to this mortal world. A vision of her future flashed before my eyes. My little Blackbird. The rain falls harder, then a rumble of thunder crashes above me. Someone's not very happy. I look up and smirk. "What's the matter, Dad ?" I frown mockingly up into the dark sky. "Is the big bad Devil getting too close to one of your pets?" I shake my head. "It doesn't matter. She will be mine and there is nothing you can do about it." I can't help but laugh. "Free will is such a bitch." Today is October 31st. It lies exactly between the Autumnal Equinox and the Winter Solstice, it is theorized that ancient people, with their reliance on astrology, thought it was a very potent time for magic and communion with spirits. The veil between the worlds of the living and the dead was said to be at its thinnest on this day; so the dead were invited to return to feast with their loved ones. It's a time to honor the friendly dead, to propitiate the restless dead and remember to send them off and to set or reset very clear boundaries between the living and the hungry ghosts. It's a time to look into the future, if you dare, because linear time is stopped when the hollow hills are opened. If you were the more adventurous type, it is also the perfect time to seek me out. Communion with the dead was thought to be the work of witches and sorcerers back in the day, and for the most part, they were right. Many of the witches communicated with the dead, summoned them to help with their bidding, to grant them power. On Halloween, hags who were greedy for power, bored with the little magic they possessed would summon me to help them. Who better than the Devil himself to grant them everything their dark little heart's desires. I would be conjured for a short while to help a witch but my time on earth was limited and I only had enough time to grant them their wishes before I was dragged back down. Except for Halloween, it was the one day where the veil was so thin it allowed me to pass through and stay. Midnight to midnight. One witch in the early sixteen hundreds had possessed the gift of foresight, a handy little trick if you wanted to know something before it happened but not very helpful when you wanted to curse the local villagers who were hunting you. She had wanted my help, she had wanted vengeance for her fallen sister witches and in return, she would give me her soul - which included her little gift - when she left the mortal world for the afterlife. With her gift, she saw me with a young woman. This young woman would become something meaningful to me and I would mean something to her. Whatever it was would allow me to walk amongst the humans all day, every day; it would allow me to stay . It had taken me five years to find Isabella and when I did I soon realized that the witch was right. This little human girl would be important to me. Something I never imagined. Her family knew. There was a story passed through the ages. The story of the Devil and the woman. It seems Isabella is going to love me. Something I am used to from the darker people in society, but not from someone so innocent. Isabella, for all her suffering, still had a light within her. She still possessed an air of innocence that most young women lose when coming into adulthood. Orphaned and alone, she did have a