bA/N: A dollar short and Day (month) late, story of my life. It's been so long since I've posted anything I feel like I'm popping my FF posting cherry. I'd like to thank Chrissi for bidding, the awesome storyline, and not sneaking in my house to stab me in my sleep for taking my sweet time finishing this. And thanks to Kat for pre-reading :). I hope you all enjoy... now on to the warnings. Part One Contains: Urinating into a national...treasure?, a Winnie the Pooh reference, Adult language... no seriously, I'm practically the spokesperson for the word fuck., unlawful use of tin foil, stripper glitter, anaphylactic shock, surprise sex, Marijuana usage, Seth the pervert, batman panties, uh yeah... on with the show./b center... /center bLa Push, Washington/b Jake walked around the rusty bus in front of Sam and Emily's cabin, kicking the tires. "Alright, everything's a go. Get 'er packed up." Paul nodded. His gaze moving to Jared and Kim sucking face beside an equally disgusting visual of Leah and Quil rounding second base. He shivered at the sight before looking back to Jake. "Where's Seth and Swan?" Jake threw another bag in the bottom compartment of the bus. "If I had to guess, they're below that cloud of smoke behind Sue and Charlie's. Fuck, Paul, you're a wolf... ifollow the giggling/i." Paul flipped Jake off and threw his hand up at the newly arrived Embry, before stomping into the patch of trees between Sam and Sue's. The glassy stares that met him were no surprise. His nose wrinkled at the smell of weed and the half eaten bag of onion flavored chips on the ground between Seth and Bella. "Hey, dumbshits, Jake says we're ready to leave. Please tell me you two have packed." Bella shoved an entire potato chip in her mouth before speaking. "Why, yes, oh fearless fuck face, we packed last night." Seth snorted. "And we've bid farewell to the parental units." The duo then turned to each other, mock scowls and fingers pointed. Seth adjusted an imaginary Charlie style gun belt. "Now, Bells, do no hesitate to use the can of pepper spray. Hit a boy in the 'bad touch' place if he tries to get fresh. Oh, don't talk to strangers EVEN if they asks for help finding a puppy or have candy. That's how these perverts work nowadays, playing on your feminine qualities." Seth finished drinking his Vitamin R and threw the pretend can over his shoulder. Bella's face changed into a soft smile. "Sethy Bug, I know that such a sweet boy like you doesn't think about things like this. But, sometimes women, ifloozies/i, will try to use your innocence so they can touch your no-no. No one is allowed to touch your pee pee, Seth. I want you to call mommy if you think someone is bad. Mommy will be there in a second. And no puppies or candy, Charlie is right about that. We love you both." Paul shook his head as Seth slipped the glass pipe into his pocket. "I have no clue how you two get away with every damn thing. Come on, let's go." Sam and Emily stood on the porch of their cabin, saying their goodbyes to the group of delinquents. Sam's eyes moving from each of theirs to the bus, fake smile plastered on his face. Emily waved as the others boarded the bus. "You all have fun! Sammy and me are going to work on wedding plans and practice making babies!" Sam's face paled, his eyes wide staring at his bare feet. They walked inside the house once the hunk of metal carrying the pack turned the corner. Emily excused herself to the bathroom, Five seconds later Sam bolted out the back. center.../center They had just passed the La Push border when Jake heard the thump of a flat tire. He began to slow down when Sam's running form came into view through the folding doors, beating his hand against the side of the bus. Jake pulled the lever to open the entrance. "What the fuck are you doing?" Their alpha threw himself onto the steps of the bus. "Don't stop! Go, go, go! She can still catch me!" He scrambled from the steps, walking between the goodwill sleeper sofa beds that had been bolted on the sides of the bus. He found eight amused faces looking back at him. Paul lifted one eyebrow. "Explain." center.../center bLater that day- Seattle, WA /b Sam ran a hand through his inky black hair. "So she was all i'RSVP's, changing table, breastfeeding, spring color palette'/i and I was like i'fuck this, I gotta go.'/i I'm still not sure how the imprint broke." He looked up at the smiling faces of the pack, Embry's playful shove causing him to relax. Quil grinned down at Sam. "Welp, somebody get alpha here some shoes. We got shit to do, Bella wants a picture of a hat or something." The group filed out of the bus and made their way to the huge metal cowboy hat and boots. Bella snapping pics of them all. She squealed when she spotted the cowboy cutout you could stand behind for photos. "Jake! Go over there!" She pointed at the cutout with excitement, until she noticed the girl standing behind it. Bella slid behind Paul, using his body for cover. "Fuck my life, why the hell is Jessica here!" Paul looked over his shoulder at the frantic woman. "Who the hell is Jessica?" She huffed and rolled her eyes. "You iknow/i! Big titty Jess, I went to school with her." Paul glanced over to see Jake and i'big titty Jess'/i with looks of adoration on both of their faces. "Swan, I think we've got bigger problems than you running into someone you went to school with." Bella slowly peeked her head around Paul's bicep. "Jesus, fuck! Not the iI-word/i!" "Yup." Paul nodded, dragging Bella by the arm to follow the others over to Jake. "He's met her before! Why is he just now imprinting?" "Pretty sure he's never noticed her face, Swan. He's been talking to her nipples for the past two minutes." Seth grinned at Paul and nudged Bella with his elbow. "Just listen to them." "...so tan and hot. I want to take you home and cuddle." Jessica swooned at Jake, running a hot pink nail over his stomach. Jake nodded, his head moving up and down with the movement of her boobs. "I wanna squeeze you, stick my face between you and just ibrrrrrrrrr.../i" His head moved back and forth, lips blowing a raspberry. Leah, Kim, Embry, and Sam doubled over laughing. Jared looked at Quil with tears in his eyes. "The fuck? Did he just say that?" Quil fell into a fit of giggles, nodding. Jessica's hand cupped Jake's cheek, smiling. "I would love that! We should go to my hotel." She grabbed his hand, Jake following like the puppy he was. Embry wiped his eyes still chuckling. "So, since we're stuck here for a while might as well go to the strip club." Paul, Seth, and Sam followed him, Bella and the couples walked back to the bus. center.../center Later that night, Bella woke up to the weight of a shifter sitting on her thighs, two hot hands covering the fabric of her batman undies, and Seth's voice singing. "... you know what to do with that big, fat butt...wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, WIGGLE!" Her arms flailing around, she tried to dislodge her step brother from her ass cheeks. He finally plopped down beside her. "What in the flying fuck are you doing?!" He grinned. "Just call me your two a.m. wake up call, sunshine." Bella huffed, shoving her head back into the pillow and closing her eyes. "Go away, Seth." He slipped the blueberry blunt from his pocket, holding it a few inches from her nose. "Oh, okay. I'm sure you need your beauty sleep. Paul, Sam and me will go take care of this." He chuckled when her nostrils flared, scenting her favorite flavor. She growled. "Fine, I'm awake. Where's Embry?" Sam sat down on the sofa mattress, smirking while wiggling his eyebrows. "He is in the company of a stripper by the name of, iMidnight D-light./i" Bella snorted, slipping on flip flops and gesturing to the door. "Dear god." center.../center Leah woke to find her little brother being spooned on the bed by Sam, who was being cuddled by Paul, and all three of them with an arm around a sideways Bella and Embry. The cocoa puffs sticking to their underwear-clad bodies made her chuckle. When she noticed the stripper glitter covering Embry, it turned into a full out laugh. The three bottom wolves jumped at the sound, sending Bella and Embry flying through the air just as Jake and Jess walked in the door sucking each others faces off. Embry and Bella landed right in front of the new arrivals with two loud thumps. "Thank god. Can we get the hell out of Washington?" center.../center bGrand Canyon, Colorado /b Two days, seventeen bathroom stops, and sixty-seven paper plates later, the pack arrived at the Grand Canyon. Jake, Quil and Jared gazed at the jaw-dropping, majestic beauty of nature. Quil scratched his balls. "That's a big fucking hole." Seth cackled. "That's what she said!" "Wanna see who can piss across it the farthest?" The sound of three zippers lowering and Seth's comment had Bella and Kim's faces scrunching in disgust. "What the fuck is wrong with all of you? This is one of the wonders of the world!" Jared looked over his shoulder at her like she was slow in the head, his voice full of sympathy. "It's Not really a wonder. The river caused the rock to erode, now there's a big fucking hole. That's how it happened, Bella." Bella threw her hands in the air before stomping off with Kim. Two hours later all that could be seen, had been. The girls and the pack - minus Paul - were waiting around the vehicle. A few minutes later the missing member arrived with a plus one. "The fuck is that?" Jake asked the obvious question. Paul grinned. "My new dog, Killer. He was hanging out by the dumpsters checking out all the fine bitches walking by on leashes, something I can appreciate. So, we made friends and he's coming with us." Bella squealed, running to the dog. "He's so cute! Look at his tail! We should name him Fluffy! That's right, you're the most iadorablest/i puppy there ever was." Her hand was a few inches away when 'Fluffy' snarled and snapped his teeth at her. Paul threw his head back, laughing menacingly. "Good boy! Oh, such a good boy, Killer. Don't take that shit from her. You're just like Daddy. Let's go get you some treats!" center.../center bTen Miles from Roswell, New Mexico/b Everyone had gathered to stare at Jake's ass, currently hanging out of the still smoky engine compartment. He sighed, easing his upper body from the tight space. "Not much I can do now, I'll run into town and hopefully have the parts by morning." The others started setting up a little campsite, Kim, Jess, and Seth leaving down the deserted road with Jake. Quil rubbed his stomach after the ithirteen/i campfire hotdogs he inhaled. "I'm gonna go for a run, gotta watch my figure." Embry snorted. "I'll join you." After a few minutes of staring at the fire, Paul and Bella stood, looking at Leah, Jared, and Sam. They both huffed at each other before walking in opposite directions. center.../center Jake walked from the parts store. "No luck, truck doesn't deliver until noon tomorrow." Kim and Jess bounced on their toes. "The night's still young. Kim and I found a club a few blocks away. Can we go dancing, Jakey?" Jake chuckled, following the girls and Seth. "What's the worst that could happen?" Four bottles of Patron later, Jake was sober and