The first time it happened was a complete accident. The school day had begun like so many others. As Peeta washed down his dry toast with milk he'd watched his father pull muffins the color of autumn out of the oven. For just a moment he allowed himself to be wistful over what one must taste like imagining the cinnamon and butter melting in his mouth. The seasonal specialties never made it to the stale bin and he'd always wondered about the food that smelled of his favorite time of year. He immediately felt guilty because though he wasn't eating pastries right out of the oven he certainly wasn't hurting for food. He wasn't starving or near death. Not like she had been. He walked by that apple tree every day. Sometimes he'd still see her there and it made his stomach ache. Just last month the branches had been filled to bursting with dusky red fruit. Fruit that had been baked into pies and folded into danish and pressed into cider that Peeta couldn't wait to taste warm once the snow came. Just two years ago he thought it would become the marked grave of the silver eyed girl who'd stolen his heart. As he'd passed it this morning with its skinny branches and a few apples lingering stubbornly on its limbs Peeta couldn't help but smile. Because since that afternoon it reminded him of her and how she was still alive and stubborn as well. How he even though he could still see her collarbone above her threadbare sweaters her hair has started to shine again. He loved how it hung down her back now in one braid instead of two. Smiling Peeta let the gate slam behind him and stepped onto the road. He knew in some small way he had helped her survive. He'd protected her, and he liked that. Trudging the long way to school he pulled the brisk fall air into his lungs. It was cold and burned inside the pink tip of his nose and still tasted like the spice and pumpkin from the bakery air. The schoolyard was filled with footfalls and loud greetings that made the cold morning cloud in front of small faces. Peeta looked past those like his, pale and freckled and fair in the early slants of sunlight. Instead he searched for her… for Katniss, and was disappointed that by taking the long way he must have missed her. He swore to take the short cut from now on. Peeta was good in school. Not exceptional because he had a tendency to drift off in his own mind from time to time. An entire world seemed alive inside his head and he often felt the pull to disappear there. He never wondered why that was but he knew. Deep down he knew. He'd inherited his father's warm smile and blue eyes or so he was always told. Sadly smiles often hide the darkest sins and secrets. In a home that smelled of sugar his life was often anything but sweet. So these worlds, the ones only he could see were safe and he took to drawing them to make them real. His favorite class was history. It had nothing to do with the droning dialogue about the dark days or the delicate system of the Districts. No it had everything to do with the fact that Katniss Everdeen sat one row over and one seat in front of him. She sat near the window more often than not staring outside. That was pretty convenient since it gave him ample time to stare at her. He liked how she seemed framed by the tree beyond the glass. Its leaves burned in his favorite color making her hair seem like coal. It was here. This class and this moment that it happened. That something in the day inevitably changed and altered what would happen in the night. The teacher's voice was a buzz hazy and distant in his head as Peeta sketched lazily across the paper on his desk. If someone glanced at the movement of his fingers they would see lines and shadows maybe but it was still indistinguishable to a stranger's eyes. But he could see it. A slender neck. A freckle behind an ear where wisps of hair had just the slightest curl. A long fall of heavy hair so dark it looked midnight black against the autumn horizon. It was like a wave coming apart from the crown of her head over her shoulder. Biting his lip he glanced up once more to get the angle there just right when his pencil stopped. Katniss moved slightly in her seat and tugged the hem of her sweater down. It was at least three sizes too big and worn so the neck was stretched out. When she moved the collar fell to the side just enough that her shoulder was bare. Peeta swallowed and the moisture in his mouth felt thick as he his heart began to pound. Her skin was bronze and there, there on her shoulder was a thin cream colored strap. With a start he realized what it was as his speeding heart fell into his belly only to race like the thunderous feet of a thousand horses. It was a bra. Katniss was wearing a bra. He swallowed again and felt blood climb his neck and fill his cheeks as he looked around the class. For what he wasn't sure and felt ridiculous because no one else had a clue what was happening to him. Shit. He was looking at part of Katniss Everdeen's bra. That covered actual breasts. Oh god her breasts. With a small sound leaving his mouth he felt a rush of blood between his legs that made him sit up quickly and hunch over his lap so suddenly his pencil fell and rolled across the floor. Like it happened in slow motion he watched it hit her worn boot. Then a slender hand with dirt crusted nails and delicate fingers picked it up and she turned to him. With nothing more than a lift of an eyebrow she held it out. Peeta looked stupidly from her hand to her face and back again before leaning forward himself. It was inches only but the moment felt like minutes. Because those gray eyes were locked on his the entire time and when his fingers brushed hers he had to suck in a mouth full of air. He wasn't entirely sure when he stopped breathing. Blood climbed his neck and filled in his cheeks, without a doubt he was as red as a strawberry in high summer. When he just nodded in thanks he couldn't help the wide shy smile that made his lips lift and his cheeks round. He looked down trying to get control of his heart and the ever stubborn problem that only seemed to grow in his pants. But when he glanced up again he saw a small twitch of her lips as well and he decided that if he was reaped at that very moment he would have died happy. Her eyes. Her neck. That almost smile followed him home. It protected him from his mother's voice and kept him up as he drew late into the night beside his lamp. It haunted him when he tried to fall asleep. His face was buried in his pillow, each deep breath drawing in cotton and the dry soap used for the wash. The window let in just enough of a breeze to blow the hair at the back of his neck giving him goosebumps. It made him think of the small hairs he had sketched that afternoon and the color of Katniss's skin beneath it. He imagined running his fingers there where her neck met her shoulder and what it would feel like. He just knew it would be the smoothest thing he had ever touched. He pictured his skin pale moving further until his fingertips hit that slender strap of material so bright against her dark skin. Peeta thought of lifting it and feeling the skin underneath and when he wondered what she would do if he pressed his lips there he groaned into his pillow as he became instantly rock hard in his pants. This wasn't the newest problem but it had up until very recently been only a morning issue. One that would go away after he left the warmth of the shower before heading down to breakfast. Bunching his pillow tighter beneath his head he took a deep breath and when his eyes closed tight all he saw was gray. Big gray eyes and lashes the color of soot across her cheeks and her lips chapped and pink smiling at him softly. He rolled onto his back. He imagined her smile becoming a blush as he eased that strap off her shoulder to gather in her elbow. His heart began to race and he shifted on his sheets uncomfortably. With his hand still on her bare shoulder he saw himself moving until he pressed his lips to hers and imagined her sighing into his mouth. This made him rolls his hips suddenly and when his hardness hit the seam of his pants he gasped loud into the quiet room because it felt so good. Lifting his head he looked at his brother's across the room sound asleep. Turning off the lamp and covering himself completely with the blanket he closed his eyes again and slowly started rolling his hips up and down. Katniss's hair in his hands. Saying his name in between desperate kisses. His fingers on her waist, up her back, oh shit beneath her shirt. With a grown Peeta's hands tightened into fists at his sides and he bit his lips to not make a sounds as he continued to thrust dryly against the rough linen growing harder and more desperate each time. Breathing became difficult and hot and sticky beneath the blanket and when finally he imagined what her small breasts must look like he came. Pleasure like he didn't know existed shot down his spine and curled his toes and minutes later when he was no longer dizzy and could once again remember to draw air into his lungs he realized that his pants were wet and uncomfortably stuck to his skin. After he cleaned up he wasn't sure whether to feel relieved or guilty but he slept harder than he ever had in his life. Right as he drifted off he couldn't help but think of Katniss. A girl her hardly knew but swore he loved; whom he couldn't help feel like would always be important. He fell asleep with a smile on his face. The first time it happened it was an accident. Every time after that was not. For the next three years Peeta Mellark watched Katniss Everdeen. Wanted her in the naïve ways he could imagine and dreamed of the day he would approach her. Her body changed. His too. His shoulders stretched as did the subtle flare of her hips. When she would leave the bakery and her game bag bounced against her side he found himself so captivated he would have to lean against the doorframe. Her breasts rounded into a promise of something that could fill his hands. This only led to him thrusting into his palms early in the morning beneath the showers spray or under the sheets at night. He tried to stop, flushing in shame and guilt when she'd walk into class most mornings. But his body was a traitor to Katniss and Peeta was a traitor to his body. It was a vicious desperate cycle year after year as he failed to summon the courage to approach her. It was always going to be tomorrow. He never realized that tomorrow was coming. When it finally did, it rolled in across a train track and through the air from a microphone.