I took my love and I took it down Climbed a mountain and I turned around And I saw my reflection in the snow covered hills Till the landslide brought me down I know the blur of green outside is a tree line full and thick, and just past the yellow is the smooth black tar of asphalt and interstate. I like that I can't quite focus as the jeep I ride in tops out at least ten miles per hour above the speed limit. It's just color, my favorite, and shapes, and shadows. Like a painting that I can't make out up close but if we slowed down or I backed away it would all make sense. Don't think of paintings. My eyes drift closed when I draw in a deep breath of stale recycled air and press my cheek to the warm passenger side window. The heat and humidity as we pass through southern Alabama is relentless even through the thick glass. When we stopped for gas it felt like standing over cast iron and someone had just lit the burner beneath us. The air was pure steam and the pavement under our feet made my flip flops stick when I rounded the station to use a bathroom that I'm pretty sure belonged on an episode of CSI. I might have a future as an acrobat with the way I was able to contort my body to pee without actually touching a single surface. We are only a few hours out. At this point in our trip my stomach should be quivering with excitement and I should be singing along to Jimmy Buffet at the top of my lungs ready to kick start the summer trip my friends and I have been planning for months. Instead I feel nauseous. Dread heavy and thick swirls like fog through my abdomen. I didn't think he would come. I've hardly seen him all year and fueled by utter selfishness I am panicked by what his being here will mean. Panic just makes me uncomfortable. Being uncomfortable just makes me frustrated. And frustration just makes me angry. I don't know why anger makes me feel better. Why blaming him for how I continue to feel makes any sense. He gave me what I asked for. I just thought that by now I was supposed to be happy. I keep waiting to feel light, and relieved. The feeling never comes. The group of us agrees to meet before dawn at the BP near 65 south. I walk out with a hot chocolate in my hands biting into a cinnamon roll. As the waxy icing melts on my tongue I refuse to compare it to any I have eaten before. Then I see him. Smiling that smile I would know in a crowd of thousands all full pink lips, straight white teeth, and disarming shyness. Peeta's standing next to Finnick's truck, a large duffel at his feet while the tall bronze idiot gestures madly in a way that I'm sure means he's embellishing a story in a way only he could make attractive. I study him for a moment. His blonde waves are dark near his face and ears meaning he's showered not long ago and he's wearing a dark blue faded t-shirt that stretches over his tri-ceps and lays flat over his toned stomach and the top of his frayed khaki cargo shorts. Since I'd frozen at the sight of him it isn't until I remember to move my feet that he notices me. His eyes widen a little, a blue betraying the shade of the sky that once the sun rises will stretch endlessly towards the horizon. He licks his lips and nods softly. "Hey Katniss." Looking at anything but his eyes directly I whisper. "Hey." The silence in the dewy morning air is suspended and thick and every second just breathing becomes more difficult. With the precision of a sharpened weapon Finnick cuts through the tension. "I convinced Peet to get off his ass and come with us. The dumbass has been MIA all fucking summer. Look at him. He's so pale I am tempted to perform CPR right now. Seriously dude have you seen the sun at all since school ended?" With a lift of his hand he rubs the back of his head pulling the soft blonde strands with his fingers. It is something he has always done when he's anxious and makes his hair stand up. The result should be ridiculous but has always been boyishly charming instead. "I've kept busy man. The bakery and everything." With a roll of his eyes Finnick pats him on the back. "Well it is time for some fun man. Katniss we all good?" Both pairs of eyes turn to me one green and the other blue. For a moment all I can think is together the colors of their irises will shame the hues of the ocean we are destined for. Then like a wave has crashed over me I blink and nod on reflex. I mean what else can I say? We've been broken up almost a year now and I haven't even seen him in months. These are his friends too. My attempts to avoid him at all costs seems selfish in retrospect but I yearn to stick with it. I don't want him here, or there, or hell even this close. Everything that makes sense when I'm alone moves and bleeds and confuses me when I know he is close enough to touch. He smiles at me again and turns to throw his bag into the bed of Finnick's truck leaning in to greet Annie through the window. Taking a deep breath I throw my unfinished breakfast into the trash. The pastry suddenly tastes like ash in my mouth. " Brainless! Come on bitch let's hit the road Gale just pulled up, the gang's all here!" Johanna's dark head leans out the driver side rolling her eyes at me in a way only I could find endearing. But it makes me move. I flip my braid over my shoulder and tap the top of Gale's mustang as I walked past him. He grins and gives me a quick salute. As I climb into the battered up red Grand Cherokee I feel the burn between my shoulders. Like the center point of a flame as blue as his eyes, when he looks at me I've always felt like I was on fire. "What's up your ass?" Johanna quirks an eyebrow at me and takes a long draw from the Marlboro light between her lips. Scowling I just stretch my bare feet across the dash and look back outside. "Seriously? You are going to let bread boy being here fuck up your entire mood? It's almost been a year! Just forget he's here and have fun." I snort and cross my arms over my stomach. With a final flick of ash and the stub of her cigarette released into the wind she turns to me again her eyes narrowed. I can hear the judgment in her voice. "You were with the kid for three damn years and what you don't think you can be fucking civil? Peeta didn't do anything wrong Katniss and as much as I am proponent for looking out for number one even you aren't this selfish. This was supposed to be his trip too. Snap the fuck out of it. " I flinch a little at her words but she's right. I hate that. Johanna has never been one to break it to me gently. That is why she's still around. I appreciate straightforward no matter how fickle my own behavior so often is. When I was fifteen I looked up to find Peeta Mellark watching me in quad. I don't know what it was about that day that made it different from the countless fluttering bashful glances he had sent my way that year. He was two years older, seventeen and golden and social and so many things I wasn't but that day I smiled back feeling my belly shift and my skin flush. Is it normal to fall so fast so young? I guess it doesn't matter really because we did. Three years later we fell apart, or I broke us, or ran I don't know. I just needed to breathe and for everyone to stop telling me they knew what the rest of my life would be. A year later and I still don't have a damn clue and if anything I am more lost and more frustrated than ever. My mood is irrational. I find that to be the case more and more each month honestly. I was supposed to feel free right? I'd had almost a year of space and life and I was supposed to be flying like some metaphorical bird by now. Instead sometimes I feel like I am going to suffocate just sitting alone. Like I am being buried alive like my father but there is no mine above my head. Just a waste of memories, a lot of questions, and pain. The only way I know how to react to any of it is anger. Why aren't I happy yet? Oh, mirror in the sky, what is love? Can the child within my heart rise above? And can I sail through the changing ocean tides Can I handle the seasons of my life? Oh oh I don't know, oh I don't know We breeze through the beach town where one side has luxurious condominium structures and five star seafood restaurants and on the other tourist shop after shop lined with surfboards, sharks teeth, and shot glasses. In flashing neon I read one that advertises air brushed t-shirts buy one get one free. With a deep breath I try not to think of a faded oversized t-shirt folded in the back of my dresser drawer. One that is covered in fluorescent tacky handprints and tells anyone who reads it hands off property of Peeta . We had laughed like idiots when he picked it because it was ridiculous, and cheesy, and we both knew I was no one's property. I swore I would never wear it but he had just grinned at me those blue eyes shining when right there in the store he pulled it down over my head and before I could even say anything else he kissed me, and kissed me, and with me cackling with laughter against his lips he picked me up and carried me all the way out to the car. I slept in it almost every night for three years. It wore thin, started to tear, and the words just slowly faded away. Just like us. At the sound of gravel beneath the tires I wipe away the tear that found its way down my cheek and look up at our train of cars winding down the drive. We park in front of the house. It's enormous with a sloping roof, glittering windows, and two large palms flanking its sides the color of sand dunes. Madge went away to school upstate so she won't get here for a few days. But taking in what will be home for the next week I can't help but be grateful that for once I kept my pride in check and accepted her suggestion to use her family's beach house. It is a hell of a lot nicer than the condos I was looking at. As I step out of the car to stretch the smell of sulfur settles for just a second in my nose before being blown away by the warm salty breeze. I can already hear the waves. The violent crash of them against the sand at high tide matches my mood. Walking around the car to get my bags I see Peeta doing the same. Then he turns and sees me and once again we both freeze. His eyes put the