Silent night, Holy night All is calm, all is bright 'Round yon virgin , mother and child Holy infant so, tender and mild Sleep in heavenly peace, Sleep in heavenly peace Peeta POV Trees rushing beyond my vision blur together. Not at a dizzying pace, but in a soft gentle way. My forehead is pressed to the glass and I register the intense cold from outside. It is in immediate competition with the steamy interior of my Dad's SUV. He has the heat cranked up high making it both hard to breathe and stay awake. I think I can make out the lyrics to silver bells from the speakers in front but my mind isn't really ready to focus just yet. The winding forest lined streets have given way to what I can only guess is the center of town. So this is Panem? I see the town market on a convenient corner next to a bookstore, florist, and butcher shop. At the end of the street my Dad points out the Bakery he bought to take over. To start over I should say. I close my eyes and lay my head back against the seat. Not in the mood for the picturesque landscape I sigh. A fresh start my father has said. Like all of our problems have anything to do with our surroundings. I know better. My family like the picture perfect town outside has proven time and time again. What it looks like from the outside hardly matters because inside it's a fucking mess. Once we seem to have crossed town I notice the distance between homes growing and the road starts to narrow. We cross a small bridge. A beautiful man made interruption in all this nature. The river beneath rushing with the clearest water I have ever seen. The forest opens up to reveal a small farmhouse. Charming and simple with its sloped roof and curving covered porches. It could be made of ice from this distance as every eave is shining with it. I let out a relieved sigh when we park both resigned to get out of the hot car and relieved to finally be able to put some distance between myself and my thoughts. The slamming of our car doors echo loud and severe throughout the trees. The sound is intrusive and makes me cringe. Upon closer inspection I see signs of neglect in the home. Unpainted shutters flank the windows, the chain on the porch swing is rusted and the seat uneven. Leaves from the previous autumn pile up around both my ankles one real, one false. They have gathered on the porch but never escaped, confined between home and freedom. I know the feeling. "Hey Pete! Go on up and pick either of the rooms at the top of the stairs and then come give me a hand with what you can. "My Dad smiles wide as he says this and I try to return it as best I can. I know he really wants this move to work out. I really wish I could give him what he wants. I nod and grabbing my duffel from the back ease open the front door. The quiet creak is a welcoming sound. Like a greeting that's rusty and uncertain. Because the inside of the home is as frigidly cold as the outside there is no smell. Growing up in a bakery I have always paid most attention to my sense of smell when I walk into rooms, buildings, even the arms of people. My father smells like cloves and yeast and makes me think of loud laughter and comforting hugs. My childhood bedroom was a strange combination of bubble gum, sour gym clothes, and freshly opened baseball cards. Which I guess is the culmination of three boys sharing a room. As I ease my way up the stairs I realize how strange it will be without them. Definitely be quieter, I think with a smile. But why does this thought make me suddenly so very lonely? My leg throbs and aches as I reach the top of the stairs. I know the intense cold only makes it worse but it's still not something I'm used to. The first bedroom I come to on my left is the larger of the two. Wall papered in pale creams and floral pinks it obviously once belonged to a young girl. At the end of the hall is a smaller room painted pale green with a large window facing the forest. My breath catches at the view as I set my bags down. There is a canopy of ice and snow as far as I can see. I'm certain that come spring the contrasting greens and shadows will be just as compelling. But it is the rusts, and vibrant oranges of autumn I suddenly wish to see. My fingers itch to paint it and I know this is the room I want. On a heavy exhale where my breath spirals in front of my face I relax briefly for the first time. I settle on the iron framed bed, elbows on my knees, head in my hands and look down at my feet. Inside of one boot the foot is hard, cold, it's foreign. I close my eyes letting my mind drift briefly. Crystal clear I can hear my mother's voice angry, always angry inside my head. I can feel the sweat dripping down the side of my face mixed with the blood pouring from above my eye. I can feel my heart pumping in my temples with the adrenaline coursing through my veins. I'm staring at her across the kitchen that day, her face sour and pinched, the rolling pin still clutched in her hands. My own hands had fisted by my sides, my breathing erratic as I tried to control my own anger. I was so tired. Tired of feeling as worthless as she wanted me to believe, and so tired of the belittlement and manipulation in her voice. Sick and tired of it all and realizing I was no longer a little boy she could scare. I realized as I stared into her now widening eyes that I was done in every way with the woman in front of me. She could read it in my expression and she regarded my body language warily. I remember feeling like I was going to come apart shaking with my rage from the inside out. Taking steps closer and closer across the bakery tiles until I was one step away. Close enough to see fear reflected back at me for the first time. It was that fear that snapped me back. I turned on my heel and headed out in to the November cold and the truck my father passed down to me just a year before. I knew I had to go before I did something I could never come back from. I didn't want to be like her but knew I wouldn't be able to stop if I began. There had been too much pain for much too long and it had built up within me like a fuse as I peeled out of the parking lot. After that my memory gets a little fuzzy. I know it was cold; we had had several inches of sleet and snow the night before. I know I was fighting tears and that combined with the blood was making it hard to see. I tried taking a turn too quickly and lost control over an embankment. My truck flipped two times before coming to rest against a tree. I'm told I was pinned for over an hour followed by an ambulance and six hours of surgery trying to save my life and failing to save my leg. My heart stopped twice my father told me. He had watched it stop in the ambulance once himself. I hate that. Knowing that he had actually seen me die even for a moment. He had done such a good job not seeing or trying not to see over the years. That's how we got here. He couldn't hide anymore. My parent's divorce has been finalized for two days now. With my brothers away at school it's just him and me. A new start he said. How do we begin again with the past hanging over us? I sigh and open my eyes. The sun is setting and the night is reflecting my face back at me through the window. I look up and my heart falters when I realize that reflected back at me are not my own blue eyes but a pair of intense silver. Eyes that belong to a young girl standing behind me. I jump to my feet turning so quickly I nearly lose my balance. There is nothing there. My eyes dart all around the room, my hands rubbing my face in disbelief because I know what I saw. I look at the hairs on my arms standing on end along my pebbled skin. "What the actual fuck?" My voice in the room bounces back at me as my heart rate finally begins to slow. Shaking my head I turn to leave the room. I down the stairs two at a time aching leg be damned. This is fucking fantastic not just crippled but losing my freaking mind. It takes the better part of the week for my father and me to both unpack and settle into a routine. I'm left mostly to my own devices as his time is spent at the bakery. He seems optimistic about it and I'm selfishly glad that it gives us some distance. I have always been close to my father. He is a loving and hardworking man. I think that's why I did all I could to protect him to be honest. I wanted to protect him from the truth. I know we have some healing to do. I can only hope there is enough time and space for it to happen. Being alone as much as I am the house doesn't feel empty. Truth be told I'm not entirely sure this feeling isn't simply in my mind. I saw a girl. I was not alone in my room. Am I going crazy? The haunted sense could be a fabric of my imagination since that first night here. Yet interspersed among my nightmares, the same I have had since I was a boy is a new dream. It's a face, solemn and serious with flashing silver eyes. I know it's not real but I welcome this new dream every night. Kantiss POV He's having another nightmare. This one seems worse than the others. Sweat has beaded upon his lip and along his hairline. The moisture is making it curl ever so slightly and appear darker in the moonlight. I watch him toss and turn a grimace upon his face. It looks like he is in pain. I don't know why I watch him every night. Curiosity I suppose. I thought he saw me. He did. I know he did. It has felt like so long. So long since someone looked at me. So when it happens it can be a heady thing. I stand here watching him sleep every night. I have nowhere else to go that's true but even I know my fascination is strange. There seems to be some connection between me and this boy. That alone is odd because I no longer know who I am or what happened to me. I know I am here but not. No recollection of my past. I have little sense of time. Strangest of all is I seem to merely exist without purpose. Until this boy arrived I even lacked the ability to feel. I think that is why I watch him. Day after day and especially at night. Watching his face reflected as it is now by the moon, he can go from such peace to such