Paper Not Blood Day Eighteen The water is hot, like needles pulsing and beading against my skin. With each breath steam fills my lungs and spins in my head. I'm panting hard, eyes shut tight, with my hand braced against the wall, and pulse beating in time with the rapid movement of my wrist. I have been doing this more and more. I can't seem to help it. The air is saturated with the smell of her vanilla soap. I taste it on my tongue. I imagine her standing here water streaming and parting down her body, her delicate fingers running along her skin. Just minutes ago I felt my heart stop. I swung open the bathroom door catching us both by surprise. She gasped, and I stared. So much skin, flushed from heat, curved breasts pinched and shadowed beneath her towel, a bead of water from her dark waves running down her shoulder and collar bone before disappearing beneath the clean cotton. I wanted to follow it with my tongue. Her silver eyes were wide, innocent, filled with uncertainty and framed by dark spiky lashes. Eyes that make me feel like I'm fucking drowning. I wanted to watch them darken; make them roll back in her head. I wanted to rip that damn towel off her body and drop to my knees to see if she tastes as sweet as the soap she uses. Just the thought ends it for me. My stomach contracts, I groan into the spray, and watch my toes curl into the tile; watch as my release disappears down the drain. I drag my hand across the steamy mirror, and reveal my face one angle at a time. This has to stop. I don't know what the hell is wrong with me. She's a sweet girl, and lately she's become a trusted friend. Someone I am able to confide in. I should have some fucking respect, and not jerk off to her like some horny fifteen year old just because I saw her in a towel! I let my head fall back and rub my hands roughly across my eyes. But Jesus she's gorgeous. My hands drop heavy to my sides. Gorgeous….and up until a few months ago you sick fuck she was technically your stepsister. Throwing on a pair of jeans I try to remember more of that day. The wedding announcement was a surprise to me, the day a flurry of places to be and things to do. It was balmy and mild, just a few friends and family, soft spoken promises, and a red velvet cake I decorated myself. That's about all I recall. I suppose I didn't have it in me to pay much attention, or care really. I mean I was happy for my Dad; it was nice to see him thinking of himself for once and trying to put his life together. But at eighteen my universe was small, self-centered. Boxes had already been packed, and mentally I was hundreds of miles away fulfilling as many clichés as possible. The few weeks between the wedding and looking at my childhood home in my rearview were a blur. The house I left was now full of women. I had smile and charmed; all the things that have always come so easy when I met them for the first time? Prim was sweet, golden with big blue eyes always shining and peaceful; but Katniss was like a shadow. Darker in color, quiet and with a veil of guarded sadness in her expressions. She wasn't much bigger than her sister though she must have been what fourteen…..almost fifteen at the time? I just remember knobby knees, a long braid, and that she seemed perpetually unhappy. I figured the change was hard on her and gave her space. To be honest I just didn't want to take the time to do much else. Once I left I saw her maybe twice a year, a handful of uncomfortable Christmas's, and a long weekend the summer after I left. I loved the city, and being on my own. Finally I was free of all the shit that weighed me down, while I growing up. For the first time I felt like I could breathe. So the decision to stay at school during breaks was easy. I had no reason to look back when so much lay ahead. Three years later they are getting divorced; it is for the best he tells me. Too many ghosts in one house. Prim and her mother are moving back home, and Dad says this is a good thing. When I ask about Katniss I set everything in motion. That one question becomes the catalyst that changes everything. She's starting school. Here. In fact she's too proud to ask herself but she is looking for somewhere to stay until the dorms open up a month from now. I don't know where the offer comes from. Maybe my incessant need to be helpful, or my residual guilt that I haven't been around when my dad's life has been coming apart. Doesn't matter really, the second the offer passes my lips I can tell that it is what he is counting on. Besides it's a month. It will be strange since we hardly know each other, and she's my sister? No. Was my sister? Stepsister. Fuck it doesn't matter, being able to help lifts that residual pressure from my chest that I have somehow let my Dad down and that's good enough for me. Day One I'm not prepared though, to open the door and feel life punch me in the solar plexus. She's taller, not much but enough that her lean legs seem endless. Her thighs are tan and athletic disappearing beneath her denim shorts. Her hair falls past her shoulders shining and raven dark in the sun, brushing against the slight swell of her breasts. It's her face though that stops the air in my lungs, her face with wide eyes molten and gray, high cheekbones, and a full pink mouth that scowls at me. Words never fail me. They materialize out of thin air anytime I need to turn a situation or moment in my favor. Yet here, on my doorstep…nothing. Just me, my open mouth, and seconds of excruciating silence where I think I make a sound in the back of my throat like I'm in pain. This is such a fucking bad idea. I don't see it at the time, but on this sunny day, as she crosses the doorway with a tentative smile, I change. She changes me. In the minutes, hours, and days that follow, cracks that run deep beneath my skin begin to heal, and there is nothing I can do about it. Day Three She smiles today. Not the slight lift of lips, or determined line I'm used to seeing. This is new. It transforms her. Bright eyes, and full cheeks, a flash of straight white teeth flush against her wet pink lips taking my breath away. It's Saturday, the one day of the week that my body will never let me sleep past dawn. I'm up to my forearms in flour, lulled into peace by the rhythm of my hands, and the hiss of coffee as it drips bitter and dark into the pot. She surprises me, doesn't make a fucking sound when she walks. "Good morning." Jumping slightly I spin around. "Hey…..did I wake you? Coffee?" She drops her head slightly. Waves, the color of cocoa falling like a veil in front of her face. "No…thanks. What are you making?" I watch her small fingers brush her hair behind her ear. I wonder if it feels as soft as it looks. Clearing my throat, I turn back to the counter and put the pan in the oven. "Cinnamon rolls… are you hungry?" Her laugh is short and soft. "If you learn anything about me over the next few weeks it is that I am always hungry." Standing and rubbing the sweat from my face, I turn and smile. "Well then I think we'll get along fine, besides old habits die hard and maybe I'll eat a few less sweets if someone is willing to share." She's biting her lip and that's when it happens. She snorts, giggles and it's high pitched and ridiculously girly before her lips part into a smile so wide I can't help but feel my face return it. My cheeks actually hurt I'm grinning so hard. Her head is thrown back before she points at me. "Ummm you have some…..…." Her smile only grows as I wipe my cheeks, my nose, and chin coming no closer to cleaning the mess on my face then when I started. I feel a flush begin to crawl up my neck but freeze altogether when she leans forward across the counter, and slowly runs her thumb along my cheekbone. "There, I got it." Her skin is cool against the heat of my face. Her breath warm against my cheek. I can smell the mint of her toothpaste, and the vanilla on her skin. Her thumb and her laughter stills. I'm frozen in her gaze. It feels like I could fall into her dark eyes. Everything is so still, but seconds later she pulls away and I feel dizzy. I realize I've been holding my breath. It shakes out of my chest as she jumps from her stool and makes an excuse to leave the room. I watch her go, slender shoulders in a tank top and baggy sweatpants. Leaning my hands onto the counter, I close my eyes and whisper roughly into the room, "I am so fucked." Day Seven She's easy to talk to. There is a peace to her silence, her stillness. At first I thought she might be unfriendly, guarded in a way that you can't penetrate. It's not true though. She's just careful, she takes her time; be it to speak, to smile, to let you see who she is. It makes me desperate to know her. With me lying on the couch, and her stretched across the floor on her stomach, we talk. Well mostly I talk. She listens, and doesn't seem to mind. With her head pillowed on her arms, she smiles at my stories, and furrows her brow if the subject turns serious. I fall silent for a moment and close my eyes. Her whisper is soft, "So why did you never come home? After they got married I mean." I suck in a breath; waiting to think of the right way to answer. "I guess it never really felt like home." She asks, "Was it because of us? When we moved in was it just too uncomfortable for you?" I open my eyes. "What? No! God no it was nothing like that….just, do you know anything about my Mom?" She shakes her head, so I continue. "My mom she, well she was the type of person that if she was going to do something, or be something, she did it to the fullest. There was no in between. Foot to the floorboard, and no speed limits, no stops, and no horizons. When she was happy or affectionate that was great, but when I was really young she was rarely happy. I have actually never met a more miserable or angry human being. They fought all the time my parents. It almost seemed like the fighting was on outlet for her, until that wasn't enough and she found a new one, me." "Peeta….." I shake my head. "It was rarely physical. Though sometimes I wished for it to be. A bruise on the cheek stops stinging. Words though, they cut deeper and heal slower, weigh heavier, until eventually they sink you. It went on for several years with only me in the middle. My brothers, they were already gone. I'm the late miracle baby that no one really wanted. That's why I didn't come