Peeta POV I can feel the sweat at my temples already. It turns the hair by my ears shades darker than the blonde waves stuck to my forehead. It also beads on my upper lip and runs down my back between my shoulder blades each time I punch the bag. The impact sings up my arm and burns across my taped knuckles. It feels good. With muscles loose I bounce on my toes and don't even look up when the ancient metal door in the back corner swings open and slams shut. The noise is loud, the wind sending dust into the streaks of rising sunlight that slant through the windows. It floats like a thousand fairies through the stale air. When I pull in a deep breath it tastes sour on my tongue and smells of sweat, leather, and the copper of blood. I love it. Falling back and balancing on my weak leg I send the bag swinging with a side-kick and have to stop my hips from rotating into an immediate roundhouse. With a frustrated clench of my knuckles I remind myself for the countless time that I can't move that way anymore. My back leg just can't take it no matter how fluid and instinctual the motion still feels. I accept my body's limits. That doesn't stop the rage that burns like venom in my veins every time I have to remind myself. I direct it into a cross punch that rattles the bag on its chain before yelling without looking up. "You're fucking late!" She throws her bag to the floor, the rip of tape the only sound in the room above my breathing as she wraps her hands. I know a scowl graces her lips without turning around and can practically feel her eyes shooting daggers into the back of my neck. A smirk finds its way to my lips. There are few things I love more than pissing her off. Punching the bag a final time I turn and run my hands through my hair. It flings sweat into the air and makes it stand up over my forehead. She's braiding her hair off her face and shamelessly I take my time appreciating her from head to toe. I'm past giving a shit and even though every word out of her mouth pisses me off I can't help but appreciate the view. Toned bronze shoulders, a flat stomach rippled in subtle muscles that lead to hips and an ass that only the god's above could possibly be responsible for. Whether she is still neat and put together like now in tight yoga pants and a faded sports bra or disheveled and dripping sweat at the end of a work out Katniss Everdeen looks good enough to make a man hungry. Too bad I'm pretty sure she tastes bitter and would be followed by immediate indigestion. We've been at this arrangement for going on six weeks now and most days I don't have a damn clue why I'm doing this. I am obviously certifiable. Because as much as I like looking at her, Katniss Everdeen is miserable company. The fact that she hates me doesn't help matters. I'm starting to think the feeling is mutual. When she tightens the band of her hair and then bends over to kick her stuff under the bench I watch the way her muscles tighten and feels my pants respond in kind. Turning quickly I punch the bag again. Yeah. I should really fucking hate her. Katniss POV God I hate him. How his blue eyes put my back up. One second they bore into me with disgust and seconds later undress me and I forget how to breathe. I hate the way his back actually glistens with sweat as it ripples and rolls every time he moves. God forbid he ever workout with a shirt on. Only two more weeks. Nationals are only two weeks from today. I can tolerate anything for fourteen days. Even Peeta Mellark. It wasn't always this way. Once upon a time he was just a halo of gold curls and big blue eyes that I occasionally found following me across classrooms and hallways. We were always in the same grade in school. We just existed in different worlds. I was a ghost as dark as the shadows and the waves of my hair. I existed on the outskirts of popular crowds and teacher recognition. Not Peeta. He was District High's golden boy with a charming smile. Intelligent and empathetic words fell from his mouth second nature and were always the right ones to say. He had the devil's wit and the hair of an angel with friends in every circle and hordes of girls to moon after his voice and the strain of muscles beneath his t-shirts. We existed in different stratospheres. Until the day we didn't. When I was fourteen I stole some bread. The same two loaves slid across the counter to me by the blue eyed son of the baker. I knew I didn't have the money for it. I knew it was stupid at the time but I'd challenge anyone to think straight through desperation and hunger. My mother was by that time on about month four of floating through life in a fog and as a skeletal excuse for a human being. Her sheets and her prescription medication being her only concern left me with a nine year old sister, no money, and empty cupboards. I can't remember how I came to be standing in front of the bakery counter that day. There are just colors. Bright frosted confections in shades of lemon and lavender, buttery cookies glittering in sugar as fine as glass, and his eyes. Eyes that made the blue of the summer sky seem lacking. Peeta smiled. It was warm and just the right amount of shy and I just remember my stomach one moment flipping and the next full of a dull ache as the warmth of yeast and sugar filled and taunted my nose. He slid the bag of bread across the counter as I asked for cheese buns to distract him and with the heat of bread against my chest I backed away frantic and wide eyed towards the door. I'd just reached it when he turned his smile falling away in confusion and swiftly turning to fear as a woman came through the door leading to the back room of the building. He looked from her to me and back again and when she noticed me her voice froze the air in my lungs and I turned and ran. The last thing I saw was Peeta raising both his hands and stepping in front if his mother shielding me from her eyes his mouth moving a mile a minute. I was approached the next day and called into the school's guidance office. Peeta was there as were his parents and my mother. Refusing to look at me he just messed with his hands and kept dragging the bangs of his hair down across his forehead. It didn't matter what he did I could see the black swollen patch of angry skin beneath his eye. Someone hit him. He claimed he got into a fight. Since I was so young and since Peeta had insisted it was his idea in the first place no major punishments were going to be pursued. "It was just some bread after all." Mr. Mellark had said with a smile. Ashamed and seething in my seat I stared at my shoes. The small hole at the toe of my worn boots suddenly became fascinating while I cursed life, and my father for dying, and my mother for wasting space here instead. I cursed the unfairness of everything fate seemed determined to throw at me and as an angry tear slid down my cheek I decided to curse the blonde boy who sat silent feet from me for getting involved in something that was none of his business. It was determined we both needed an outlet for discipline and anger. I was known to walk the school halls with a chip on my shoulder by that time but Peeta? What anger? I mean come on… fight my ass anyone in the room could feel the violence radiate off his mother. The only fist he took to his cheek had to have been hers. Still as an unlikely trio our parents shook their heads in agreement and a deal was struck. Mr. Chaff had an old friend who owned a gym and we were to spend three afternoons a week finding a healthy way to expend our aggression for the remainder of the semester. That was that. Kickboxing was suddenly a part of my life the same day in many ways it turned around. My mother came back to life that day. Some debts you can never repay. We trained at the same gym beneath the same coach. Abernathy's Club is small and dingy and as decrepit and aging as the bitter albeit endearing alcoholic whose name it bears. I was good. Peeta was great. It was like he was born for it and a damn prodigy with arms thick and fast and fists that threw his opponents to the ground like they weighed nothing. He was a smart fighter, loud but fast on his feet he would fight with his head as much as with his hands and more often than not walked away with a triumphant fist in the air. I wanted to hate him for that too. But he was mesmerizing to watch. He could take any hit. An uppercut to the chin, a jab to the eye, his head might snap back or to the side but all it took was a resolute set of his jaw and he was ready to retaliate. It was like he didn't feel pain, or he was made of stone… like he didn't feel at all. He became first in the state that very year. At seventeen he placed fourth in the national championships. By the year we turned eighteen and only months after graduating high school Peeta Mellark was declared the national champion by Panem's Kickboxing Association. He was the youngest victor they had ever had and within six months had signed endorsement deals and on as a professional kickboxer with a club in Capitol City. It took only six short months for that to all fall apart. An illegal maneuver performed by a competitor took out his leg. Ligaments were torn in three places and his bone was broken in two. He would never compete again. Even the victorious sometimes get a raw deal where fate is concerned. He moved back home where his title and the questions of what could have been followed him around like a suffocating ghost. Haymitch let him rent out the apartment above the gym and his father let him come back on at the bakery. He worked and he healed. Worked and trained. For what I don't know. The small limp in each of his steps betrayed the lack of future for him in the sport. What little softness to his features fell away along with the boy that used to charm and smile. It left behind a complicated man full of edges and angles whose eyes were haunted by shadows. I would see him still twice a week as I continued to train. Sometimes the skin between my shoulders would burn and I knew he was watching me. I've felt the fire of those blue eyes for years. See my climb might have been slower but by our senior year I was at least an established name in the ring. The three years following graduation my column of wins outnumbered the losses enough that a championship belt loomed full of glorious potential in the near future. Championships meant winnings. Winnings meant possible endorsements, and endorsements meant paychecks inflating the