Over the rim of my coffee cup and the sizzle of bacon I watch my son come into the kitchen. His hair hangs in his eyes because he needs a haircut but it's the same white blonde he was born with. I always thought it would get darker with time but seeing as he's nearing his nineteenth birthday that doesn't seem to be the case. His green eyes light up when they see the stack of pancakes next to the stove. Scratching a hand over his stomach he walks over to grab one off the top and I promptly smack him on the hand with the spatula in mine. "Fuck! Dad!" Rolling my eyes I sigh. "Dude. Get a fucking plate and pretend I raised you to behave like a human being. And watch your mouth." He rolls his eyes but smirks at me as he pulls plates out of the cabinet. We sit at the table and I smile watching him shovel food into his face. He'll probably be driving me crazy in a few weeks but for now it's nice having him home. "Dad can I ask you a favor?" I raise my eyebrows as I swallow a long pull of lukewarm caffeine. It reminds me of when he was a baby and I never got to my coffee when it was still hot. "What's up?" He drags his bacon through the swimming pool of syrup on his plate but doesn't look up. "I sort of started dating this girl. Well she was a friend first but the last couple months we just kind of started something else." "Okay….fuck Rye is she pregnant?" His heads pops up with round eyes. "What? God no! Jesus Dad!" My heart rate levels a little and I rub my hand over my chest. "Thank god. Sorry you just aren't even looking at me so I thought it was bad." He shakes his head and without consciously noticing mirrors my movements with his own hand to his heart. "No. It's not bad really I just don't know how to ask." "Rye. Just ask. Hit me man I promise I can handle it." A sigh leaves his lips and I notice the shine of syrup on his chin. "Well Katniss…" "Her name is Katniss?" "Dad!" "Sorry. What about Katniss?" Taking his napkin he starts to tear it into little pieces beside his plate. "Katniss is home for the summer too. But her mother…well her home life from what I gather isn't great and she's been working all semester to save for an apartment but her car broke down and…" "And?" His big green eyes meet mine and look like he's bracing himself. "And I was kind of hoping she could stay here. You know just for a few months until we go back to school ya know?" "You want your girlfriend to live with us for the summer?" He drags a hand nervously through his hair making it stand on end and shine impossibly from the morning sunlight slanting through the window. "Well she's not technically my girlfriend." I raise an eyebrow at him. I know my son. Keeping it in his pants is not his strong suit. I bought him his first box of condoms when he was fourteen just in case. Girls have come and go in a blur of giggles and ponytails around here for years. What I can say for my child is that he has varied tastes, seems to treat them well, but also bounces out the second another pretty smile comes around the corner. In other words he's a horny little asshole. "So you want your friend to stay with us for the summer to help her out?" He sags a little in relief and nods his head. "What happens if ya'll break up? And don't give me the she's not my girlfriend Rye you just said you were dating." "Katniss is really cool Dad. I promise it won't be a big deal." "What about her parents? I don't see her father being exactly okay with his eighteen year old shacking up with you for months?" He rolls his eyes and in my mind I'm smacking him upside the head because I swear the kid has only been home twenty four hours and I've seen that eye roll more times than I can count. "Her father died when she was little and Dad no one is going to care. Besides she's not eighteen she's twenty." "Ahhhh an older woman." He wiggles his eyebrows and I can't help but grin at him. How the hell is he this old again? Digging my palms into my eyes I sigh. "Fine. Yes. She can stay…but in the guestroom!" He's already pumping his fist and hissing yes next to his chair. "I'm not kidding Rye! You are not disrespecting this poor girl here and I am not going to let you make me a grandfather three rooms down the hall. When you're here attempt to keep it in your pants." Nodding his head he punches me in the arm. "Thanks Dad. I'm gonna go call her and let her know." With a whoop he leaves the room. I look across the table and laugh to myself. His plate and milk sit in front of his chair, the table is sticky with syrup and of course he would never have thought to pick up after himself. Welcome home. I can hear his voice travel down the stairs as I load the dishwasher. I can't help the smile that spreads across my face. Hearing him and tripping over his shit makes this house home and I've missed him so much this year. It's always kind of just been us. Us against the world and we are quite the pair after all these years. I don't look back often but when I do it shocks me that it has been eighteen years already. I remember thinking that having a baby would be the end of my world. Now it just feels like it is when life began. I remember sitting stunned silent and scared shitless. Wrapping my letterman jacket around Glimmer's shaking shoulders and trying to tell her it would all be fine. It wasn't. Her pregnancy was hard and I wasn't really around. Without the baby growing beneath my own belly it was hard to wrap my head around it. So I spent most of the year being sixteen and pretending it wasn't real. Until it was. We didn't want to know the gender. She decided to give the baby up for adoption. I remember actually being relieved. When she went into labor I was there because it was the right thing to do. I had to remind myself of that each time she squeezed my hand and again when I thought I would pass out just from the idea of the pain. Her stomach was this contracting mountain beneath sterile hospital cotton. Each time it clenched and her voice rang through the room I wanted to run. Until I didn't because behind her voice I heard another. It was screeching and desperate. She lay back exhausted and I moved forward drawn to tiny limbs and a furious pink face. White fuzz covered his pink head that they swiftly covered with the tiniest hat I'd ever seen. His. I had a son. I had a beautiful son who I think the minute I heard his voice I knew. I was a goner. I will be grateful to Glimmer every day for the rest of my life. For making this miracle with me, for growing him beneath her skin, and most of all for the day she sat with me, tears streaming down her cheeks and told me she wasn't ready to be a mother, but if I was ready to be a Dad she would sign the papers. I came home with a baby carrier, a package of diapers, and my son. When he was a month old we moved out and into a one bedroom apartment that my own father helped pay for Rye's entire first year. It's just been us ever since. I mean I've dated. There was even a serious girlfriend or two over the years. One whom I contemplated asking to move in at one point. Well I contemplated until I found her pressed against some other asshole's mouth and car in the Target parking lot. I'm still not able to smell stale popcorn without getting this irrational feeling of rage. It's been a pretty dry run over the last couple years though. Getting Rye through to graduation just kind of took over with soccer practices, and SAT prep and this past year I've been working myself hard expanding the bakery. Trying I guess to fill the hours so I wouldn't pay attention to the silence of an empty house or the loneliness of an empty bed. It's been a long time since I've felt that heat of instant attraction. Such a long time. That thought has long left my head by the next afternoon. The itch and ache of needing someone is not something I have time for which is why what happens next takes me completely by surprise. The doorbell rings and the thunder of my son's footsteps down the stairs makes me cringe. "Dad! That's her. It's Katniss!" He jumps the last three steps and swings open the door. I hear muffled voices as I brush the flour from my hands and go to introduce myself. Rye releases the small body he was hugging and says he'll get her bags before jogging away and finally revealing the person that belongs to the limbs. It's like being hit. My stomach clenches beneath the heather gray Henley I'm wearing. One that is about two shades lighter than the two eyes that meet mine. I picture smoke and storms and feel like I can smell the rain when she smiles at me shyly. Her hair is like nightfall and brushes her chin and collarbone where it falls in waves across her back. Reaching her hand forward she says, "I'm Katniss." Her hand is small and smooth in mine and feeling it slide against my skin makes me want to sigh. She smiles again and I feel like I need to sit down. "Thank you so much Mr. Mellark. I'm not sure how I will ever repay you for this." Swallowing I drop her hand and try to wipe the charge of pure lust that burns my palm on the rough denim of my jeans. Rye returns and grins at me and then down at Katniss. He offers to show her to her room and together they climb the stairs. I purposefully do not look at the curves of her thighs and ass as she takes the steps, but I don't miss the look she gives me over her shoulder with once again the same sweet smile on her pink lips. Fuck. Just…fuck. As I predicted the romantic aspect of their arrangement is over fairly quickly. Rye is quick to say it is because they found they are just much better as friends. I wonder if it has anything to do with the strawberry blonde he was grinning at stupidly when I surprised him for a caffeine fix at the Starbucks where he works. I might have overreacted when I found Katniss crying as she left the bathroom. Assuming my hormone driven son had cause the poor girl pain I flew off the handle at him in the garage. By the time I calmed down and they both had assured me that the friendship decision was mutual and she was not upset I felt foolish. I also tried really hard not to think about her eyes and how when she blinked one tear ran down her cheek to her lip. About how much I wanted to reach up and wipe it away with my thumb. It turns out that Katniss is