I let myself get sucked under and begin to count inside my head to stay calm. There's another sixty seconds according to the watch on my wrist and relaxing I let the tide take me out. A few bubbles leave my nose and I know I can do a minute. I've run, and thrown up, and tread water, I can do this. With thirty seconds left it all goes to hell. Because when my chest begins to burn and I close my eyes I'm not here anymore. Instead I'm sixteen and being drug along the ocean floor unexpectedly ripped away from the world above water and from the life I knew in general. Because on that afternoon the sea had a mind of its own. Working with fate, or Poseidon, or Mother Nature it waited to select a soul meant to die. Turns out the odds were not exactly in my favor. I tell myself to calm down and I keep trying to count but my heart pounds angrily against my ribs insistent and determined to beat bloody from my body in panic. But I can't come out of it. The flashback hits and it hits hard. Being dragged, pulled, and held down. That is what I remember. My legs were like lead and salt stung my eyes and when in panic I tried to fill my lungs ocean rushed in. I couldn't breathe and oh how it burned until I thought my chest would burst. The harder I tried and clawed and opened my mouth to scream more water poured down my throat, filling my head with an almost euphoric high. That part was worse than the pain of my nails in the sand and the anguish of kicking and getting nowhere. Because as I ran out of air my body felt peace. But my mind was frozen in panic. Those final seconds as I drifted down the sun cut through bubbles. I could see the light shimmer fragmented by the water and the white clouds in the sky above it. I couldn't help but think it was truly beautiful. Then my body quit fighting while I was trapped inside it…every second knowing that I was about to die. I thought of Prim and how she was laying on the sand. How minutes before she had smiled at me with a ring of chocolate around her mouth and more dripping from the ice cream cone in her fingers. I wished I had hugged her one last time. The thought of my mother burying someone else she loved made my stomach hurt and I wondered if I would see my daddy again. If there really was somewhere else to go after this. Memories of school flashed through my head and of Madge and her soft smile. I hoped she would find someone else to sit with at lunch. Someone who could appreciate her careful laugh and who would watch old musicals with her until the sun came up in her family's living room. This lead to thoughts of Peeta. Peeta her older brother who I practically grew up alongside and whose smile makes his eye crinkle in the corners and seemed to be the only human being able to charm a laugh from my chest when my father died. I think of the how much that meant over the years. The years he made us both miserable and flicked the braids off my shoulders and chased us across their back yard playing freeze tag. Or the way he looked this afternoon gold and gleaming watching from his tower. How he teased me standing there perfect and shirtless and how my cheeks had blushed a brighter red then the new shorts he wore. I thought of why these past few months Peeta Mellark's smile has made my heart fall into my stomach and the empty ache of my chest nearly unbearable. Because he saw me as a second little sister while I dreamed of him kissing me goodnight wondering what it would take to make him see me. As my body settled onto the sand and the waves rolled above me I realized I would never know. My eyes started to close and it began to feel good. So when I saw him through the water I think I smiled. Because his eyes put the ocean to shame and if heaven sent me an angel they gave him Peeta's face. I decided I liked that as I spread my wings to fly away. Something was beating my chest. It hurt. It hurt and I wanted it to stop. I was so tired. The peace was going away and pain was creeping in and my mind chased it. But the lightness of the water was gone and there was no current towards angels or my father left to follow. My lungs were on fire and I was still trapped in my body and someone was hurting me. Then I heard Peeta's voice screaming my name. Cursing my name. Begging my name and yelling at me. No I didn't want the pain I wanted the water. I wanted to fly. Please. " Fuck Katniss!" No please. " Come on god dammit!" Let me go. Let me go Peeta. " No! No Katniss I can't do this! Fucking fight! Fucking fight Katniss!" I tried to go. I was ready and I almost felt my father take my fingers when suddenly water rushed from my lungs like an inferno and air rushed back in like broken glass. I gasped. My eyes flew open and all I could see was blue. Blue sky. Blue eyes. Peeta's eyes and spiked eyelashes wet with desperate tears and saltwater. As I drug air in and felt Prim crash into my bruised chest I watched his face crumple and his head shake. He wrapped his arms around both my sister and I and mumbled into my hair, "Fuck you. Fuck you Katniss." "Katniss! Katniss what are you doing?!" Peeta drags me up with his arm around my waist and with an angry tug he pulls me through the surf and doesn't let go until we are both on the shore the sand wet and stiff beneath my feet. "What the hell was that?" Pushing my wet hair out of my eyes I narrow them at him. Judging by the look he gives me back he really doesn't give a shit. "You had thirty seconds left and you panicked!" Water clings to his lips and runs down his nose as he angrily pinches the bridge of it. I watch a bead drip from the hair above his ear and travel along a vein in his neck and down over his shoulder. It mesmerizes me even as I try to catch my breath and let embarrassed anger build a stone wall in my chest. Brick by brick I stack it until my voice drips with disdain he doesn't deserve and hatred that I know is actually a joke. But my spine straightens as I look at him. "I didn't panic." He scoffs. "Oh you fucking panicked. You only have two weeks till the test Katniss." "Oh my god seriously Peeta! Do you really think I don't know that? Do you honestly think I could ever forget the damn test? I couldn't forget it when you ran literally on my ass for three miles every morning for the last two months. Or when you tell me I'm slow every other afternoon when we swim to the pier and back. Or like now when you get in my face and basically tell me this is a lost cause!" Turning away from him I dig the swimsuit out of my ass not giving a shit about dignity as I try to march dramatically through the sand. That doesn't exactly work and within a few steps I feel his fingers cold from the ocean wrap around my forearm and spin me around. He pulls me hard enough that my hair whips around and I actually fall into his chest with my arms pinned between us, my palms flat against his skin. Normally his eyes look like the blue of where the ocean meets the horizon. Never have I seen a more stunning color but right now they are a shade darker. His jaw is clenched tight and he lets a hot breath leave his nose and I am so close it hits my cheek. For some reason it makes the skin on my arm pebble. "You wanted this Katniss. You've talked about it for three years and I didn't have to be here. In fact I don't have to come back. But I've never said you are a lost cause. I believe you can do this. But I promise you it won't work if you can't get out of your head." "I'm not in m…" "Shut up." My mouth falls closed but he keeps talking. "You think I don't know you? I can see it in your eyes. You broke out of the water just now and you were sixteen again." For just a second the panic is back and it really pisses me off so I bite my words as I glare at him. "I almost died Peeta. Kind of affects a person." His fingers tighten for a second on my arms and his nostrils flare but he doesn't say anything. When he does his voice is tight and low and I can feel it deep in my belly. "You think I could ever forget that? I was there too Katniss. I remember every minute of it. I was supposed to protect you. You almost died because of me." His mouth comes closer with every word he says, "I found you. I had to drag you through the water counting every damn second knowing that as they passed it might be too late. I laid you pale and still on the sand and it was my ear that could hear your heart growing faint. I have never been so scared in my entire life. So don't you believe for a second that you were the only one affected that day. You don't get to fucking say that." My heart is racing for some reason and I can feel his as it beats from his sternum into mine we are so close. I blink at him as he searches my face. I don't know what he is looking for but his intensity makes it impossible to look away. The sun brings out freckles across his nose and cheeks every summer. It makes his hair streak and his eyelashes that tangle when he blinks almost white against the soft gold shade of his skin. He's always been beautiful. I have to remind myself to forget it but it is impossible when his face is this close. I don't know where the words come from but they fall from my lips anyway. "Why?" I whisper, "Why were you so affected Peeta?" There is a heat here that's never existed before and something in his eyes that I swear I've longed to see for years. I watch his throat roll as he swallows and his tongue pink as candy licks his chapped lips. "I care about you Katniss. I always have." I watch him. His eyes drift from mine and then to my lips and back up as his fingers become soft upon my arms. I feel his thumbs making small circles beneath my elbow and my stomach clenches. When I lick my lips while watching his mouth a small sound leaves his chest and my eyes flash to his and fuck he has never looked at me this way. Never looking away I ask, "Is that all?" I lean forward a little as he stares at me. He blinks and I begin to rise up onto my toes as he pulls me slowly up his chest. Our skin is wet and slick and cold. Just as my eyes