Author's Note: Hey to my readers. Basketball season's finally over! Normally I would never say that but I had issue with some people on my team so, in a way, this is a breath of fresh air. I love basketball so thanks to my best girl on the team. She's about my height and she is the only person who kept me sane and she's the only person I didn't take down. Love you! Here it is. Have fun readers! Author's Note: I don't own the Hunger Games, Big Brother, or anything else you recognize. "Hello, my name is Effie Trinket. This is the very first season of Big Brother: Panem Edition," Effie Trinket announced as the camera panned out. "In a minute, 19 house guests from all over Panem will enter this house and leave one by one until only one remains. They will be crowned the winner of Big Brother and walk away will $500 000. Welcome to Big Brother!" In the Everdeen home, Primrose hands Katniss a book. Katniss opens the book and sees a invite with her name written on it. "Oh my god! Prim! I'm going to Big Brother!" Katniss yelled. Katniss: Hi my name is Katniss. I am 24 years old. I was born and raised in district twelve. I'm not much of a social butterfly but I'm going in this for my little sister Prim. "Wait. This is an invite. Why isn't it a key?" Katniss asked. Peeta was standing behind the counter at his bakery. He handed someone a box of cupcake before they handed him the money and a card. Peeta raised an eyebrow before opening the invite and seeing his invite to Big Brother. "No way!" he yelled. Peeta: Hey. Hi. My name is Peeta. I am 24 years old. District twelve is my home. It always has been and it always will be. And I'm so excited to be going to Big Brother! Gale laid on his couch as two of his younger siblings ran around him. Rory, the oldest of his younger siblings walked in shuffling through mail. "Letter for you Gale," he muttered before dropping the letter on Gale's chest. Gale opened his letter and saw his invite to Big Brother. He shot up. Gale: Yo. I'm Gale. I am 27 years old. District twelve born and raised. I have three sibling who I have to watch over all the time so I kind of need Big Brother. Madge was flipping through a magazine when her invite fell out. She picked it up and looked at it and screamed. Madge: Hi everyone! Madge is my name and Big Brother's going to be my game. I am currently living my 25th year of life. District twelve is the only place I've ever called home. I'm uber excited to be on Big Brother. Glimmer sat at the nail salon getting her nails done up with glittery pink gel when on of the workers placed her mint julep down next to her along with her invitation to Big Brother. "No way!" she squealed. Glimmer : Hello TV world. My name's Glimmer and I am 27 years old. It's not a surprise to me that beautiful me made it on. I mean, I'm district one raised. Who wouldn't pick me to be on TV? I was made for it. Marvel sprinted through the mud before diving for the football his friend just threw. He picked it an looked back before running into a tree. A laminated card fell onto his face. He picked it up and saw it was his invite to Big Brother. "Ya man! I'm in!" he yelled. Marvel: Sup people! Marvel here! I'm a 26 year old from district one who people often mistake for being a six year old. And I'm going to warn you now that I'm extremely loud! Cashmere and Gloss walked down the streets when they see two cards with their names on them. They look and see their invites to Big Brother. "We're in!" Gloss laughed before high-fiving his twin. Cashmere and Gloss: I'm Gloss. And I'm his twin sister Cashmere. We are both 31 years old. We are the double trouble twins of district one. Clove walked into her kitchen with a scowl on her face. "Cephas. Jett. You have three seconds to explain yourself," she yelled at her two brothers. "Well I guess we should start with the fact that you have a second big brother," Cephas stated. Clove cave Cephas a weird look before he tossed her a card. She looked at it and screamed when she realized it was her invite to Big Brother. Clove: Hey. My name's Cloverfield but if you call me that, prepare to die. It's Clove to everyone outside of my family. I'm 23 years old and I expect to be one of the youngest people their if not the youngest. District two is probably the only place you'll ever be able to find me. I'm going to take a break from my brothers and win Big Brother. Cato was sword fighting with dummies. When he cut the head of one, a piece of paper fell out. He hung the sword on the rack and picked up the piece of paper. He looked at the paper and nodded before picking his sword up and swinging it around some more. Cato: I'm Cato. I'm a 27 year old from district two. The only real reason I want to go to Big Brother is to meet the girl of my dreams. Enobaria was at the dentist when her dentist gave her a card. She saw it was her invitation to the Big Brother house. "Sweet," she muttered with an open mouth. Enobaria: My name's Enobaria. I'm from district two and I'm 32 years old. And we're done here. Brutus was trying on wigs. He found one he liked and looked at the price tag. It said to look at the mirror again. He did and he noticed his invitation to Big Brother. "This is awesome," he said. Brutus: Yo. I'm Brutus. I'm a district two man who has been here for 34 year, also known as my whole life. Big Brother, here I come. Finnick and Annie walked together holding hands on the district four beach. They reached their blanket and sat down. Annie opened her basket and pulled out two cards. They were Finnick and Annie's invitations to Big Brother. "We're going to Big Brother!" Annie squealed before pulling Finnick into a huge hug. Finnick and Annie: Hi. I'm Finnick and I am 29 years old. Hi. I'm Annie and I am 28 years old. We are from district four. Plus, we have been a couple from nine years now and I'm still waiting for Finnick to propose. And I'm excited for Big Brother. Foxface was jogging on a track listening to music. She stopped and started to dig inside of her bag for her water bottle. She pulled out her invitation to Big Brother. She started flipping it around in her hands to make sure it was real. "No way. I'm in," she laughed. Foxface: Hello my dears. My name is Finch but I've been called Foxface for 18 years. I'm from district five and I am 23 years old. I'm really hoping that there will be someone my age there. I do not want to be the youngest. Johanna was building a fire in the woods. She turned on her heels and grabbed some newspaper. She also saw a colored piece of paper. She grabbed it and saw it was her invite to Big Brother. "My life has just been made!" she yelled. Johanna: Yo losers. I'm Johanna and I come from district seven. I'm 32 and that's all you need to know. Thresh was walking up to his half-sister Rue. Rue casually pulled out a card and held it out To Thresh. "What is that Rue?" Thresh asked. Rue stayed quiet so Thresh took the card and looked at it. It was an invite to Big Brother. Thresh: I'm Thresh. I'm a 27 year old from district 11. That's it. Haymitch was to the bar. He just polished off his first drink. "Another one my good man!" he called to the bar tender. The bar tender came and placed a beer in front of him on top of a card he placed down first. Haymitch picked up his drink and looked at the card. He smiled when he saw it was his invite to Big Brother. Haymitch: Hey there. I'm Haymitch. I am a district twelve boy and I always will be. I'm 33. I'm too awesome not to be in Big Brother. Maysilee was braiding her long blonde hair when their was a knock on her door. She fastened the end of her braid and turned to face her door. She saw someone slide something under her door. She got up and and picked up the card. "I'm going to Big Brother!" she yelled. Maysilee: Hey! I'm Maysilee! I'm a 32 year old from district twelve. I'm really excited to go to Big Brother and I hope I can make some life-long friends. "Well you've met them. Now let's bring them out," Effie smiled. Everyone applauded as the house guests came down the stairs. Both Glimmer and Cashmere stumbled many times on their giant high heels and long dresses. They all lined up and Effie turned to face them. "Hello house guests," Effie greeted. A chorus of hellos greeted her. "Are you ready for this competition?" Effie asked. Everyone started to say yes. "Then head inside!" Effie yelled. Everyone turned and the group headed inside. Everyone started off to the bedrooms. Clove dropped her bag on a bed right before Foxface set her bag on a bed next to Clove's. Cato set his bag on Clove's bed. "Sup?" he asked her. "F*** off," she barked. Cato picked up his bag and walked out of the room. Cato: God. What's this raven haired beauty's problem? I just want to be with her. "Nice," Foxface laughed. "I'm Foxface by the way." "Foxface? Is that your given name?" Clove asked. "No. My real name's Finch but I've been Foxface for almost all my life," Foxface explained. "Sweet. I'm Cloverfield but call me Clove if you value your life," Clove smirked. Foxface started to laugh. "I can tell we're going to be friends." Clove: I didn't come to this game to make friends but I may very well be friends with this girl. She seems a lot like me in ways. Foxface: I really want to be friends with Clove. She seems really cool and we seem to be alike. "Everyone come to the living room," a loud voice yelled. The two girls exchanged a look before heading to the living room. They flopped down on the couch side by side. "Let's start introductions. Say your name, age, and something about you," Johanna stated. "I'll start. My name's Johanna. I'm 32. And I've been friendless my whole childhood because kids my age were scared of me." "My name is Cato. I am 27. And I've already developed a crush on someone in the house." "My name is Peeta. I am 24. And I've worked in a bakery my whole life." "I'm Glimmer. I'm 27. And I model." "I'm Cashmere. I am 31. And Gloss is my twin brother." Cashmere: I decided to tell everyone that Gloss is my brother because people will eventually find out any ways. It will be better for our game in the end. Gloss: I think Cashmere's making a mistake by telling that we're twins but it's too late for me to stop her. "I'm Gloss. I'm the same age as Cashmere. And I'm her twin." "I am Gale. I am 27. I love hunting." "I'm Madge. I am 25. And I won beauty pageants all my childhood." "My name is Katniss. I am 24. And I am here for my sister,