AN: Hey y'all! I'm back with another story in the series that began with ButterflyRainbow's Cat & Kitten stories. I hope you like it. This tale picks up directly following chapter 34 of "The Ties That Bind." FAMILY TIES Chapter One The Morning After The magical creature hovered over the baby beds that held the future of the McGonagall line. Large golden eyes gleamed with joy as two tiny bodies dreamed. The smell of magical newborns in the air caused the elf to shiver. The scent causing a small burst of tingles throughout the tiny creature's body. The chemical reaction that the odour caused in the elf's brain re-enforcing his fierce loyalty to their mother. The Witch of the Light. Snuggled up cozy and warm with their baby blankets, the two infants radiated an innocence that brought forth a loving smile to crease Doodleberry's lips. A tentative claw reached out and touched the softness of the warm covering. A gift from their muggle grandmother. A girly pink emblazoned with lightening bolts for the Little Miss. A witch who would one day do great things. Whether for good or for bad, that remained to be seen. The elf knew that with the right guidance, she would grow up to be just like her mothers. Awesomely powerful, noble and true of spirit. The elf turned his gaze to the other bed. A bed that held the small master. The hope of the wizarding world. A soft blue blanket patterned with stars kept the young sir warm. A wizard who would, one day, guide the wizarding world to peaceful times. For now, they were just two babies. Michael and Michaela. The son and daughter of Minerva and Hermione McGonagall. The young elf's Mistress and her Lady-Miss. The small creature wondered which of his family members would receive the honour of caring for the younglings. His primary assignment was to Lady-Miss, but since no elf had been chosen as of yet, he'd decided that he would watch over the little ones until another was chosen. A tiny pop was heard, then another's voice, "Doodleberry whats yous doin' 'ere? Yous supposed to be lookin' after Lady-Miss. Shes just finishes birthing!" The small creature turned to gaze up at the taller elf addressing him, "Papa. No ones comes to watches so I's do it." Izer smiled lovingly at his son, "Tis alright. T'will be your mother whos comes. Go now." The older elf raised a clawed hand and gestured for his son to go to his charge, "You's watch over Lady-Miss." The young elf nodded, his large ears flapping a bit and departed with a tiny pop of his own. Izer shook his head, very proud of his son's diligence but not so proud of him leaving his primary charge. Never mind that the Mistress was with her wife. He levitated upwards to gaze down at the infant offspring of the Mistress and her Lady-Miss. "So's yous two will be the ones eh?" Doodleberry reappeared in the master suite of the Headmistress' quarters. He knew that as long as the Mistress was here, nothing would harm his Lady-Miss. Silently he padded over to one side of the large mahogany bed. Lady-Miss always slept on the left side. Quietly, he levitated up just enough to see that all was well. He didn't count on two piercing emerald eyes meeting his own large gold ones until it was too late. A tiny squeak escaped his mouth as he backed away a bit. "What are you doing here?" The Mistress hissed, trying not to wake her exhausted wife. She'd been keeping her own vigil. Watching over Hermione, her precious, precious wife. Doodleberry whispered, "I's just checkin' to makes sures Lady-Miss is alright." Minerva nodded, "She is fine. Sleeping." With a nod of his own, the tiny creature disappeared. Positioning himself atop a bookcase against a far wall. From his vantage point, he could see both the Mistress and her wife. Curling up, he sighed contentedly. Minerva gazed down at her sleeping wife. Her heart ached with the sheer amount of love she held for her amazing mate. Gently, she reached down and moved a bit of unruly hair that had fallen in Hermione's face. Smiling softly, the older witch placed a sweet kiss on her wife's shoulder and settled back down. A strong, protective arm holding the smaller witch's body close to her own. Elsewhere in the castle, in another chamber several floors below the Headmistress' tower, another bedroom stirred with a sound. GURGLE GURGLE GURGLE. A snorting groan rumbled from beneath bright yellow bedsheets patterned with bumble bee's magically buzzing over wildflowers. The linens shifted as a large body moved. GURGLE GURGLE GURGLE. A grouchy voice muttered, "Dammit Dumbles go feed it!" Another bit of movement as a smaller body moved under the sheets, "I cannot." Cornelius Honeyduke popped his bald head out from under the sheets, "Why not?" Dumbledore peeked out from the under the sheets as well, "I'm naked." The large candymaker frowned, "So?" "You'll see me." Cocking his hairless head, Corny grumbled, "You didn't seem to mind last night?" Dumbledore pulled a naked arm from under the sheets and scratched his long white beard, "I was randy then." GURGLE GURGLE GURGLE. "Oh for pity's sake!" Corny bitched as he threw the sheets off and stood up. Tall and completely hairless due to an unfortunate taffy pulling accident, the big man turned to face his lover. His morning stiffy pointing directly between Dumbledore's wide blue eyes. "You are beautiful you know. You look like a work of art. The one in Rome done by that muggle Michelangelo." Corny snorted, "You're just saying that because you want me to find you something to calm down that raging stomach of yours." Dumbledore sat up, the sheets falling to his waist. Grinning, Corny pointed at his lover's nakedness, "Besides. With all that hair I can't see anything anyway." He turned and walked out the bedroom door in search of something to sooth Dumbledore's gurgling tummy. The older wizard grinned as he watched Corny's perfect ass disappear out of the bedroom door. Yes. Life was good. In a well appointed London flat, another set of bed sheets were stirring. Not with the sounds of waking up, but with another set of sounds altogether. These sounds were ancient. As old as the trees but younger than the mountains. The soft sound of moans and whimpers. The noise of urgent grunting and heavy breathing. The whisper of panting gasps. The sounds of love making. "Oooooooh God Ro!" Jean Granger moaned deeply as a powerful orgasm washed over her senses. The sounds of grunting became louder, needier. "Ahhhhggggg! Uh... Jean, Jean! JEAAAAN!" Jean Granger's mocha eyes sparkled with the overwhelming love she felt for her lover. Her partner... her fiancee. As the silver spike haired witch on top of her drove her pelvis into her heat with one last groaning thrust, she smiled her joy at the sounds Ro was making. It made her feel so complete, so happy and content knowing that she could please Rolanda. "I love you." The dark eyed woman whispered. Her arms and legs wrapped tightly around Ro. "Love you too Muffin." Jean grinned at the endearment. She felt Rolanda gently slide her engorged anatomy out of her sex. Ro was so gentle, so careful with her. She treated Jean with respect, adoration, playful tenderness and deep abiding love. For the first time in her life, Jean Granger felt complete. "I'm not too heavy for you am I luv?" Her thoughts were interrupted by Ro's whispered question. She answered without words. Tightening her arms and legs around the muscular body of her lover. A sweet, tender kiss was placed on the skin of her neck as a contented smile turned up the corners of her mouth. She could feel the soft spikes of Ro's hair tickling the skin of her jaw and chin. She felt the deep intakes of breath press into her breasts. She felt the hard, wetness of Ro's engorged pearl pressing against her mound as she ran tender hands down the soft skin of a muscular back. Her fingers trailing through the perspiration brought on by her love's exertions. She was joyously happy. Movement from her lover caused her to ask, "What?" Ro slid to one side of Jean and said, "Don't wanna smush ya." Snickering, Jean brushed her fingers through those enticing spikes, "Never." She glanced at the clock on the table next to the bed, "What time do you have to be back?" Yellow eyes looked at the glowing red numbers on the clock face, "I have first years at ten." Nodding, Jean began to sit up, "Well then I guess I better get the coffee made." With that, the two women began to prepare for the new day. Ginny Weasley-Potter scrunched up her nose in disgust. Her husband stank of dragon dung. Pushing him away from her body she growled, "I thought you washed your hair?" "I did Gin. Twice, I swear." Lip curling, Mrs. Potter snarled, "Well wash it again! You stink!" She grumbled various colourful words at her mother for causing her husband to smell this bad. Harry Potter reached for his glasses as he sat up. Molly Weasley had hexed him but good! Running his hands through his messy black hair, he brought his fingers to his nose and sniffed. Yup... Dragon dung. "I guess your mum isn't ready to forgive." Ginny shook her head, "We hurt her feelings." Sadly, green eyes connected with crystal blue, "I know, but you know how crazy it would've been? The press would've had a field day with this one." He pretended to hold up a newspaper and stated, "Boy who lived knocks up the red haired girl." Ginny smiled at his antics, "I love you, but you still stink. Go wash." She leaned over and pushed his shoulder a bit. Harry stood and turned to face his wife. Smiling as he watched her eyes darken as they took in his muscular nakedness. "Come with me?" Smiling, the red haired woman gracefully rose from the bed and followed her husband to the shower. George Weasley sat at the kitchen table and watched his mother bustle about preparing breakfast. He was sipping on a black coffee and drumming his fingers on the old wooden table. There had been a lonely restlessness about him since the conclusion of the events at Camlaan. He brooded. A lot. So much so that Molly had enlisted the council of her daughter. Ginny would be finishing her schooling in several months and would be joining Hermione's practice as an Aura Therapist. It was Molly Weasley's considered opinion that her son needed help. Ginny had sat with George for hours talking about the events that led up to Hermione's abduction and the battle that took place. Especially focussing her energies on a certain blonde. Candi Barr. George couldn't get the voluptuous witch out of his mind. Or his heart. He hadn't felt so alive since before Fred was killed. He'd fallen for the American witch and fallen hard. Unfortunately, the fact that her mother was insanely bent on destroying Minerva McGonagall sort of put him off a bit. That and the fact that Candi was Tom Riddle's illegitimate daughter. Yes, that little fact put him off a teensy bit too. Never mind that he was hopelessly in love with the woman. The fact that she seemed to realize just how insane her mother actually was and tried to stop her in the end had helped. He remembered the look in Candi's eyes when he'd appeared in front of the clinic with an unconscious Hermione in his trembling arms. How she'd jumped to his aide when his legs would no longer support his own weight. There was good in her. He knew it. Molly watched her brooding son from the corner of her eye. She worried about him the way all