AUTHORS NOTE: Okay! So this is the one shot I have been working on! I don't know who were the four voters on my poll but I give you all a big thanks! :D I decided to do One shots the selected guys :P So I would love for you all to check out my other stories. I NEED YOU ALL TO READ THE BOTTOM AUTHORS NOTE WHEN YOU FINISH READING THIS STORY! I hope you all will enjoy reading this. So if you ever get bored or want something to read, check out my other stories :P This is my first Peeta/Katniss so I hope you like it :D I'm Falling For You (KPOV) I step out from the doorway of the school. The air is nice and cool, a good way to clear my head. I look up to see Peeta Mellark's looking at me from across the yard. I would notice this. I have had a crush for him since elementary, up. But why would a guy like him, like a girl like me? He wouldn't. There are much prettier, popular, girls out there. Like Cashmere, Glimmer, Foxface, Clove, Wiress, and Delly. I hear the way all of the girls gush about him. It makes me jealous to no end. I hate the feeling but I can't help it. I might even love Peeta. But we never talk. He saved my life once. And it's the day I will never forget. He is a selfless person and that's why I like him. I don't care to much for the looks. But I do feel insecure when I am around one of the popular girls. I really need to get over this silly little crush. It's never going to happen. Or so I think. When I look back, Peeta is standing in front of me. He brings his hand to the back of his head awkwardly. "Hi.. Katniss." He tries to start a conversation. I try to keep my smile from showing. Not now! I scream in my head. It's no use, the smile won't leave. "Hi." I continue. "So, ummm… can I walk you home?" He asks me. I smile and nod. We start down the drive in of the school. "So… I was kind of wanting to know if there was any less awkward way to say, Do you want to start hanging out?" He asks me. I inwardly and outwardly smile at his words. He wants to hang out with me? My insides seem to twist and contract. "Well. Yes." I tell him "We can start hanging out?" He asks while bringing his hand back up to his head. I smile and nod. He smiles and turn to me. "Do you have homework tonight?" He asks. "Nope." I tell him. He smiles. "Well then can we go somewhere to talk?" He asks me. I nod. He walks over to the old bench that separates the part of town. I live down town. So we walk towards the bench. The cool air has me pulling my jacket closer to my body for warmth. But I make sure Peeta doesn't notice. "So… What do you like to do?" He asks me. I smile. "I like to look at the wildlife." As soon as I say this, snowflakes prickle my hair. "What about you." I ask him back. He smiles. "I like to bake and frost the cakes at the bakery." He tells me. I look at him surprised. "You're the one who decorates the cakes?!" I ask, astonished. I thought a girl would have done that. I guess there are things I don't know about Peeta. "Do you like skating?" Peeta asks me. I smile at him. "I've never been skating before." I tell him. His face shows shock. I laugh. "You have never been ice skating before?" He asks again. I shake my head. He takes my hand and pulls me up to my feet. "Well then we have to. Okay then, go home and you can get ready to go. Meet me back here." He winks at me. I smile and I run off to my house. Peeta stays at the bench for a couple seconds before running off to his house. What will I need? I ask myself. I open the door of the house and run up to my room. I'll just dress warmly and comfortably. I decide. After I have my outfit on, I put on my hunting boots then run out of the house. I run to the bench to see Peeta already sitting on it. He smiles. His blue eyes shine. His scarf wrapped around his neck, his jacket that hugs his body deliciously, and his jeans. Oh his jeans. Peeta smiles at me and takes my hand. He starts off in a walk and gradually, when we get closer to our destination, we speed up. I laugh as I see the sign. The Trinket's Skate World Of Fun! Peeta pushes through the doors but he decides we should roller skate first. He pays for the skates and helps me put them on after he has his. "You excited?" He asks me. I laugh nervously. "I'm not that excited to bust my ass on that floor." I tell him with a grin. I looks up to me with a mischievous look in his eyes. "Don't worry." He winks at me and he guides me onto the floor. He instructs me to walk like a duck. I try so and feel like a retard at the same time. Soon enough I get the hang of this movement and he instructs me to add a slide. Now I'm flying around the large oval and overlapping Peeta. I hear him laugh after me and I slow down to we can skate together. He grabs my hand and we skate together. Somewhere along the way, Glimmer, runs into us and we both fall flat on our asses. "Seems like your falling for me already." Peeta winks at me. "Pft… Please. I did not fall for you. You tripped me." I wink back. He smiles and we both burst out laughing. We end up staring in each others eyes. Peeta slowly leans in and I do to. Then the Glimmer girl 'accidentally' trips again and smashes me to the ground. My cheek hit's the ground and I hear a loud crack. Peeta gasps and immediately pushes Glimmer off of me. He lands with a grunt and she gives Peeta, what I can guess, puppy dog eyes. "Peety! Kiss me! Not her!" She exclaims and pouts. I hold my cheek before getting up on my own. I go to the ring but I turn back around the last second and deck Glimmer. "Stay away from me bitch." I growl and I go to the seating area. Peeta follows me and sits down next to me. "That was an impressive punch back there." He compliments me. I can't help the grin the threatens to crack my face. Peeta smiles back and we get up. "Do you want to try ice skating now? Or do you want to go back and take another shot at Glimmer?" He asks with a wink. I smile at him and run of the ice skating office. They hand us the right skates and we go out. But the blades are ridiculous. I end up falling more that once. "Here, just glide Katniss. Like when you sneak up on people, or slip into the classroom so your not noticed." Peeta encourages me. I think back to all of my classes. Coming into the room. Slowly gliding in the darting to the nearest seat available. I follow these steps and soon I look like a professional. Peeta tries to catch up with me as I over lap him. Over and over again. I giggle as I see him fall but when he doesn't get up I get worried. I skate back as fast as the ice will let me move and I slide down next to him. His ears are red and I slowly push on his shoulders. "Peeta? Are you okay?" I ask hesitantly. When he doesn't answer me, I panic. I violently shake him. "Peeta you can't do this to me!" I scream. I have loved him for so long! He can't just die or something when I finally get to talk to him. That's not right. "Peeta! Please wake up! Please do something! I love you." the last part is barely audible. Suddenly his head pops up and he grins at me. "Worried?" He asks, his grin getting even more wider. My cheeks get a dark shade of red and I turn around from Peeta, terribly mad. I take of f the skates and stomp my way out the door, forgetting my shoes on the way out. "Katniss! Katniss wait!" I hear Peeta yell for me. I don't care if the cold air slices through me with each step. I don't care if every cold burst of air almost knocks me over. I have to get away from here. From him. Why would he do that to me? I thought he was dead. I almost when to the limit with hysterical. I feel so stupid. And I even admitted my love for that fool! I hope he didn't hear me. But luck has never been on my side. I feel a warm hand clasp onto mine and bring me to a halt. My breathing is stuttering while the wind blows my hair in all different directions. I slowly make my eyes meet Peeta's and I see his travel down to my feet. He gasps when he sees my red, swollen feet buried in the snow. He picks me up and puts me underneath his jacket. I may not be the smallest person but I fit perfectly, huddled up against Peeta like this. I can feel warmth from Peeta's body spread to mine and he runs. But not towards my house. Towards his. I know because I watch sometimes when he goes home. I always catch him watching me too. But I never say anything about it. Now as I look up to Peeta's pure blue irises, I seem to be falling even more in love with this boy than before. "Katniss, I'm sorry." He tells me once we make it into the warmth of his house. He kept insisting on me staying until the blizzard has gone but I never really had a choice. His family is out. He tells me that they won't be back for another week or two. I just nod and sit down. He takes a seat in front of me and sighs. "I really am sorry, Katniss. I didn't think I would scare you that bad. Please forgive me." He pleads. I can't hide the grin my face takes over when I see his puppy dog eyes. I sigh. "Alright fine. I forgive you. But I have a question… Did you hear… everything… I said?" I question, my heart beating like a caged animal, about to be let free. He looks up to me with a grin. "Yes… Katniss.. I heard you. Even the last part." He whispers. His hand reaches for mine and I sigh. Now he is going to tell me that he can't be with me. That he doesn't like me. "I love you, Katniss." He tells me and my mouth drops open in shock. Peeta fidgets nervously. I stutter for a while before I just stay quiet. Holding his hand. It seems like forever before I can finally comprehend words. "So what does that make… us?" I ask. Peeta shrugs and scoots closer to me. "What ever you want us to be Katniss." He tells me. Way to make it easy on me. I think to myself. "I want to be yours Peeta." I tell him. His eyes widen before his face takes over a grin. He scoots even closer to me.