A/N: It's SUMMER~! I've survived! Yay~ … I don't feel it. Warnings: Graphic content (Is it? It isn't, in my standards anyway), slash (maybe?), AU, my (as always) perfect grammar *sarcastic*, emotionally unstable!Harry, Dark!Harry, Language. Set the summer after fourth year. Dementors in Surrey never happens. Disclaimer: Have you tried listening to music underwater or watching a movie underwater? I would never buy earphones ever again if someone made a headset that uses water as its speaker. It's better than having a home theatre. :::…~~~-0-~~~…::: Harry Tom "Speaking" " Spells." :::…~~~-0-~~~…::: Insane laughing echoed around the small cupboard as viridian green eyes briefly flashed red. "Tommy said it's fine. Tommy said it's time~" Harry Potter let out another laugh that slowly receded into spontaneous giggles as he caressed an ebony black wand in his hands with fascination and awe. He grinned maniacally as he heard the loud bang coming from above. Harry giggled. "Dear Uncle Verny's here. Finally-" He let out another giggle. "Finally~!" "BOY! Stop lazing around and get your freakish self out here!" It was followed by several bangs to the door to his cupboard. Harry let out another giggle that went unheard by his dear uncle. Harry had never felt so excited all his life. Well, that is unless you add the time he went to Hogwarts for the first time and to find out that he could learn about magic. Magic is so wonderful! He could do all sorts of things that he could dream of! And Tommy was proud of him too! The thought of his Tommy brought out a bright smile from Harry who still ignored the loud bangs on his cupboard door. He was not worried about Uncle Verny, and besides, thinking of his dear Tom Tommy is far more important. Far, far, far more important than his ugly Uncle Verny who, in his personal opinion, looked far better with his entrails decorating the walls or, Harry thought excitedly, made into a necklace hanging around Aunt Petty's very long neck! Obviously it needed to be preserved in a glass case for all to see. It would make for a wonderful display! Harry had always wanted to see all of these happen in real life, not just in his mind, but Tommy said he needed to wait until he can protect himself properly. Harry always got sidetracked because of Dumblydora's game and some of the other subjects that he found very interesting, but Tommy still managed to make him be interested enough to also search for any ways to protect himself. He had a sneaking suspicion that Tommy prodded his mind about that but he didn't care. Tommy only looked out for him. And now. Now, now, now, now. He let out a giggle. Now he can finally set things straight! No more enduring anything other than eating, sleeping, and taking care of personal matters inside this wretched house! Unfortunately, Tommy still doesn't allow him to use his Uncle Verny as decoration. He pouted. Well, at least he found an alternative that was fine with both him and Tommy. "BOY!" The enraged roar was followed by his cupboard door being wrenched open. He was met by the angry red face of his dear uncle. Harry wrinkled his nose slightly, thoughts of how much blood must be rushing to his uncle's face to make it go red like that ran around in circles inside his mind as his uncle yanked him out, making him fall to the ground with a thud. Attack him, Harry. A blood-thirsty smile spread across his red lips as Tommy gave him permission. Without the hesitation that his façade possessed, Harry swiftly punched his dear uncle in the face, temporarily stunning the man. Harry wrinkled his nose in disgust as he felt his uncle's fat face and maybe a bit of his saliva. Ew. He would need to wash his hand later. Preferably with his relatives' blood. That would make your hands even dirtier than it already is. Harry mentally stuck his tongue out. I do what I want, Tommy. Stop calling me Tommy. No. Their conversation was stopped when Harry heard a screeching noise that he thought came from two vehicles colliding—oh. It was his Aunty. Harry looked up the stairs and grinned at his Aunty Petty's pale, ugly form. "FREAK! WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU'RE DOING?!" Harry was rubbing his ears by the time his Aunty was finished. He felt his glasses crack. "SHUT UP!" Silencing wards were activated around the house. He silenced his Aunty as well. Harry changed his mind. Aunty Petty was not a horse; she's a very ugly fork that has a voice that equals that of a fork being scratched to a blackboard. He shuddered. Yes, no need to insult a relative of Unicorns by comparing Ugly Aunty Petty with them. If she were an animal, she would be a whole new specie. He sent a tripping jinx to his Aunty who was glaring accusingly at him, causing her to fall down the stairs and making her unconscious upon the harsh impact. "Ickle Duddykins is the only one missing for a family bonding~" He sung. Harry skipped his way to the second floor, deliberately stepping on his Uncle and Auntie's unconscious bodies. He passed his bedroom that was full of locks with a cat flap as entrance for his food. He rolled his eyes as he remembered—actually, he really can't remember any food passing through that. Just as well that Uncle Verny never installed it there. He felt a flash of anger from where Tommy usually stayed in his mind whenever he's not asleep. Tommy, not that it's not cool, but stop making my eyes flash red whenever you interact with me. Dumbydoor almost caught it one time. And Ronnickins. And Hermyger. And Gin-gin. And- I get your point, so stop enumerating them. And it isn't something I can control. I've been stuck with you for a long time now that my magic, scarce as it is, has been absorbed by your soul. That's why I'm half mad as I am. He whistled a random tune he heard when he passed a funeral earlier that summer as he made his way to Ickle Dudders' room. He grinned as he reached his destination. His mind fought on whether he should let Duddykins sleep on or to wake him up. With a nod that is far exaggerated than needed to be, Harry pushed the door open forcefully, ripping it off its hinges and creating a loud bang that startled the occupant of the room. Harry shouted jovially with a grin that showed too much teeth, waving his hand widely. "Good morning Big D!" Dudley jumped up, pushing a bottle that suspiciously looked like alcohol under his bed, forgetting that he was still holding a pack of cigars. Harry frowned depreciatingly. "You know, Big D, cigarettes aren't good for your health. Does Aunty Petty know?" Dudley seemed to have realized who just entered his room and he turned red, much like his father did. Harry merely smiled cheerily. "I take it she doesn't? Too bad. She would have scolded you then you would place the blame to me then she would blame me then I would tell the truth as I know it, not that she would believe me, then she would be angry then she would screech about how my freakishness affects her precious Dudders then Uncle Verny would hear and get angry then I would get another beating then I would be locked up in either my cupboard or my bedroom-" He was cut off by a glass bottle colliding with his head. The bottle broke and the cuts on his forehead started to bleed. Harry's smile froze as he stared in blind fascination at the shattered bottle on the floor as if it was a particularly interesting piece. Not even Diddikins' shouts snapped him out of his trance. Slowly, ever so slowly, a drop of blood fell to the ground and Harry watched it fall down. Red bled over green as Harry felt Tommy get angry. No, not angry. Tommy was furious. As furious as he always was whenever he received one of his 'punishments'. Harry let Tommy control his body and watch as a sickeningly red jet of light hit Dudley, promptly making the blond scream. Harry had gotten much harsher blows than being hit by a glass bottle. And Tommy didn't control his body just to punish the one who did it. As fast as it started, Harry felt himself be in control of his body once again, ending the curse as well as the screaming, leaving Dudley a sobbing, whimpering mess. It wasn't that I didn't. It was because I couldn't. The resurrection of Voldemort, or rather, the contact with his magic, may have strengthened me a bit. I can only do this for a few seconds, though. Harry nodded happily as his Tommy explained. Then he turned to Dudders' twitching form. "Does it feel good, Big D?" Harry asked, grinning. "To me, it does. Do you know what it's called?" Harry sauntered over him and used his bare foot to roll the body. He bent down and caressed Dudley's cheek. "It's the cruciatus curse. One of the Unforgivables. Still don't know the real impact of it?" Harry summoned a spider from the corner of the room and promptly enlarged it, doing all of this without even removing his gaze from Dudley's terrified ones. " Imperio. " Intoned Harry as he made the spider crawl all over Duddykins. He stopped the spell and grinned. "That one can make it possible for me to control the mind and make the victim do whatever I want. Don't worry, I won't use it on you," A thoughtful expression crossed his face before nodding to himself. "Yet." Harry giggled at the horrified expression on Dudley's face. "There's another one but I don't think I want to ruin the surprise." He let the spider scuttle away in its enlarged form. The thought of muggles spotting the spider made him laugh madly. He forced himself to calm down as he would not be able to accomplish anything if he continued like this. He levitated Dudley, an occasional giggle leaving him as his excitement grew. "C'mon Dudders. Uncle Verny and Aunty Petty are waiting for us downstairs for our family bonding!" Harry bounced his way down, purposefully bumping Dudley on the railings. Once he reached the first floor, he was met once again by the angry face of Uncle Verny who was holding his bleeding nose. Broken, most likely. "YOU'RE GOING TO GET IT NOW FREAK!" Harry watched in curiosity as his uncle turned a darker shade of red. Harry wondered if he could die because of- wait, right, it is possible. His uncle is obese and is prone to high blood pressure. That was what the muggle doctors said. So if because Uncle Verny was obese and is capable of dying because of high blood pressure, then Aunty Petty is the opposite- Stop losing track of your surroundings, Harry. I do not lose track of my surroundings! He proved this by hitting Vernon, who was about to attack him again, with a stunning spell. A loud thud was the result and Harry giggled slightly. "Let's go to the kitchen Dudders!" He then hopped over his uncle's body and deposited the limp, but not unconscious, form of Dudley Dursley on the kitchen table. Making sure that his capti- ehem, his cousin can't escape, he skipped to the living room. Using his wand for the first time, he directed his magic to the television and made it etch runes around so it would show what he was seeing. He turned it on with a flick of his wrist and his eyes lit up in confusion when he saw the endless image in the screen that was bound to happen when you place two mirrors in front of the other.