"Shake It Off" by nocturnalbeauty for Christy. But I keep cruising Can't stop, won't stop grooving It's like I got this music In my mind Saying, "it's gonna be alright". " Shake It Off" by Taylor Swift Dancing was my life before I got married. It's not that my husband forced me to quit dancing, but he made me realize that I needed to get my priorities into perspective and put my home life first. So I did. For a few years, I was the "perfect" housewife and - when Claire was born - mother. Though our marriage wasn't as stable as I would've liked before having Claire, she became my sun. My world revolved around her, and her alone. Gone was my dancing and, soon, my marriage. Michael was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer when Claire was about to turn four. His diagnosis was made too late and he was already in such an advanced stage, that there was nothing doctors could do about it. He was gone within three weeks. Claire and I were heartbroken - but she took his death the hardest, and went as far as giving everybody the silent treatment. I enrolled her in the local Head Start as well as ballet lessons as soon as I could, hoping the activities would help her open up to me again. With her away for most of the day, I would lock myself in the basement - the space Michael had converted into my dance space when we'd first bought the house - and dance to the soft music for hours on end. Claire spent close to six months in silence. No matter how many activities I signed her up for, or how many therapists I took her to see, she wouldn't open to anyone. Her love for dance developed every day though, and that gave me hope. Instead of trying to talk to her, I started taking her to the basement to dance. Together, we would dance for hours on end until we were either too tired to continue or our stomachs were rumbling. She may not have been expressing herself with her words, but she did so with her movements and the music she chose. I couldn't afford to lose myself in the grief, so I threw myself into work and dance. I learned to split my time between dance, the upcoming studio, and Claire pretty evenly. I'd drop her off at the Head Start around eight, drive over to my sister's office to work on studio plans, pick Claire up and take her to Madame Russo's Ballet Academy. If Emily and I finished the day's work, I'd stay and watch Quinn's lessons. If not, I'd be back in time to catch the end and take her home. We remained on this routine for another six months and the first anniversary of Michael's death was upon us in an instant. Just as suddenly as Claire opened up to me, she shut back down. Emily and I did everything in our power to help her, but she refused to be helped. She spent that week in a comatose state, barely moving. One night, after putting Claire to bed, Em and I sat by the fireplace with a cup of warm tea. "I just don't know what to do anymore, Em. She was fine for a little while, and now she's back to this. I hate seeing my baby like this." She patted my hand. "She'll open up when she's ready, Bella. It'll take time. Things were becoming somewhat normal again, and today threw her off track. She'll need this time to re-adjust." I nodded thoughtfully, gnawing on my bottom lip. "I hope you're right. I can't take it." We were quiet for a short while. I ran a hand through my messy hair and looked at Emily. She appeared to be lost in her own thoughts, a small dip appearing between her eyebrows. "I know, Bells. Maybe with our studio opening up soon, she'll come out of her shell." "Maybe." We left it at that. She finished her tea, picked up her scarf and coat, and made her way out to her car. "Give Quil kisses for me, will you?" "Of course! I'll even bring him with me tomorrow." I nodded, and blew a kiss at my departing sister. In a blink of an eye, her car disappeared around the corner of our street. I quickly shut the door and locked it. Turning off all the lights, I walked towards the back of the house but stopped at Claire's bedroom to give her a final kiss for the night. She was sleeping peacefully in her bed, the moonlight washing softly over her. Her blonde curls were splayed over her pillow, and she clutched the blanket tightly to her chest. For once in the past few days, she looked peaceful. "I love you, little bird." The next few days passed by smoothly. Claire and I kept to our routine, and even got to spend some time with my nephew. It wasn't until Thursday evening that Emily called again, saying there were new investors for the studio but they wanted to see us dance before making anything final. She offered to have Jessica - her babysitter - watch Claire as well. I was fine with that. We were meeting early Friday afternoon to finalize a routine for the investors. I had dropped Claire off at Emily's house with her husband, Sam, earlier and was now stuck in traffic. The radio was on, still playing Claire's current favorite Frozen soundtrack. The soft melody of Do You Wanna Build A Snowman surrounded me, and I couldn't help but think about Claire. People are asking where you've been They say "have courage", and I'm trying to I'm right out here for you, just let me in We only have each other It's just you and me What are we gonna do? … Do you wanna build a snowman? For the first time in over a year, I allowed my tears to be free. In those few minutes to myself, I allowed my emotions to wash through me. My daughter shouldn't have to be grieving the loss of her father - she should be learning how to ride a bike with him, maybe even playing soccer. As the light turned red, I pressed my head against the steering wheel. Things should be so different for us. I shouldn't be a widow at 25. I shouldn't not be grieving the loss of my husband, like my daughter. I shouldn't be… relieved that I can dance freely again without him restricting me. Angry tears rolled down my cheeks. I wiped them away quickly. Traffic moved around me, and as did I. I moved seamlessly with everyone around me. I found myself parking in front of Swan Dance in no time, right next to Emily's car. I could see her talking to a man inside the building. He was tall and well built - not huge with muscles, but defined enough. I sighed, picked up my purse, locked the car, and made my way inside. Around me, the space had been transformed. What before had been cracked drywall and falling ceiling tiles now was a sleek and modern dance studio, with a reception area and desk towards the large window in the front building. There several doors along the hallway, but one stood out to me. I stood in front of a hot pink door with a silver plaque on it. Written in cursive font was, Bella Swan . I felt the urge to open the door and let everything go. And I did. I stripped of my coat and purse, and plugged my phone into the stereo. The music was soft, peaceful. Before I knew it, my feet had carried me to the middle of the dark room and I was twirling along with the melody. I was letting go, finally - letting go of the past, and my worries. Everything was going to be cleared soon enough, I could feel it deep in my bones. Soon, I'd have my little bird back, and I'd be in a good place to focus on the studio and making her life as amazing as could be. Soon... We'd be free. Time at the studio flew by, as it usually did when I was dancing. Looking at the clock, I noticed I'd be tight on time to take Claire to her lessons. I decided to ask Emily to bring her over, and we'd give her a lesson ourselves. Emily agreed, saying it would be good for her to spend time with us together. While she was gone, I adjusted the lighting and changed the playlist. Claire didn't like dancing to "gloomy" music, she liked having upbeat music to dance to. My thoughts were interrupted by a knock on the door. "Come in," I said. From the other side of the door stood the man I'd seen Emily talking to when I'd arrived. Seeing him up close, I noticed his hair had a bronze tint to it and he had the most dazzling emerald green eyes. He was tall - well over 6 feet tall - with a solid build. He wasn't beefy, but his muscles were defined. I could see them straining against his white t-shirt. "I was hoping you would come back out so I could introduce myself. I'm Edward Cullen. Ms. Uley called me in to do some woodwork." He held his hand out to me. I took it without a second thought, his much larger hand wrapping around mine. "I'm Bella - Emily's sister." A smile graced his lips. "A beautiful name for a beautiful woman." I couldn't contain the giggle that escaped me. "Thank you." We stood there, staring at each other, for I don't know how long. Next I knew, Emily walked in with Claire hot on her tail. "Hi, mama." That had been the most she'd said within the last week. "Hey, baby. How was your day with Quil and Jessica?" She just shrugged her shoulders. "I see you've met Edward," said Emily. I nodded. "He's been so helpful with the stage for the younger kids. It's coming along great." Edward smiled sheepishly. "It's alright." "It's awesome. You'll see it when it's done, Bells - you'll love it!" She had a huge grin on her face. "Plus, I designed it myself." I burst out laughing. "It isn't funny." "Of course you'd love something you had a great influence in doing, Em." I looked at Edward. He was looking at Claire, who was on the opposite side of the room from me, but a smile graced his lips and his eyes shone. As she danced, his eyes never parted - they stayed on her with her every move. Though my gaze would alternate between Edward and Claire, my main focus was on him. He looked mesmerized by her, in awe. I was aware of how charming my daughter could be, but I'd never seen her have this kind of effect on anyone. Oddly enough, I didn't mind it. It warmed my heart to see him looking at her that way, knowing Michael would have crushed any dreams she may have had about dancing before she even began. Hours flew by, and by the end of the night, we were all exhausted. I'd already locked up the studio and had our things in the car, my purse over my shoulder, and Claire buckled in her carseat. She was so exhausted after she'd danced for hours, and later ate pizza with Em and Edward while I did some paperwork. She'd fallen asleep as soon as her head hit the car seat head cushion. I shut the car door and took a deep breath. Beside mine was a dark blue pickup truck. Edward was leaning against it, smoking a cigarette. "Let me take you to dinner." I looked at him, shocked. I could feel my face