A/N: A present for percyyoulittleshit who seems to love this au so I wrote gross, fluffy, sappiness because she deserves it Annabeth stares at the tower of cupcakes and does the math in her head. She's twenty five dollars under budget for this month. That's more than enough for a cupcake and, if they're any good, it's enough for a cupcake a week. Annabeth's tight monthly budget is always at the back of her mind, reminding her that a few dollars here and there add up to be a new sketch pad or better pillows. Her stomach reminds her, however, that it's past lunch and that rice and chicken can only be made so many ways. Her stomach clenches and the sight of the little mounds of sweet frosting makes her mouth water. Hunger and a sweet tooth win out. Annabeth pulls the door open and and winces as the bell rings sharply above her head. The wave of warm air hits her and she inhales deeply. A small hum of pleasure escapes her. She can smell vanilla, strawberry, and lemon over the smells of flour and freshly baked cake. Her taste buds flare up and she fights the urge to check if she's drooling. Instead she focuses on the decision she's about to have to make. In front of her is a case filled with desserts. There are cupcakes and individual sized cakes beside platters of cookies, brownies, and things she's never seen before. Annabeth even spots several types of fudge. Everything looks fresh and delicious and ready to be devoured. She's perusing the choices and weighing the pros and cons of each dessert type when she notices a strange similarity between most of the desserts. Almost every one of them has a splash, or is entirely, blue. Blue sprinkles, blue frosting, blue chocolate chips, blue everything. A plate is covered in blue chocolate chip cookies while another is nearly hidden under blue brownies. Annabeth has her brows furrowed and is nose to the glass attempting to find one item that isn't in some way blue when she feels a gaze on her. She glances to her right and spots a guy about her age peering over the counter at her around a register. "Welcome to Sally's Bakery, is there anything I can help you with?" The line sounds rehearsed but sincere. "Why does everything have blue on it?" she asks without standing up. Probably not the best way to start off a conversation with a somewhat attractive guy that works at a bakery, but Annabeth is here for food, not a guy. "Personal preference, I guess. I like blue food," he says with a touch of embarrassment. "So you made all of this?" Annabeth says with a hint of skepticism and gestures to the food behind the glass. "Most of it, my mom and sister make some too." Annabeth puts together mom and Sally, making this the son. "So you and your sister both work for your mom?" It hits her that she's ignoring the food and focusing on the boy. "No," he says with a chuckle. "My sister is only five, she just helps out before school some days." Annabeth nods like she should have realized. She turns back to the case and scans the choices again. "Anything in particular you're looking for?" Annabeth hears the squeak of shoes on linoleum and guesses he's walking over. She spots a pair of worn out and flour covered jeans appear on the other side of the case. "A cupcake, but I'm not sure what type." Her eyes jump between the types of cupcakes. "Anything in particular you like?" He too leans over and starts examining the cupcakes. "Strawberry," she says and hopes he'll have something to satisfy her craving. "Sorry, no strawberry. I have some lemon ones with vanilla frosting though." He points to one of the largest groupings of desserts. "They're really popular," he says with a touch of excitement. "Okay, one of those then." She gives a curt nod and straightens. He pulls a cupcake and shuffles over to the counter. Annabeth follows him and fishes a five dollar bill out of her purse. She pushes the money across the counter and eyes the cupcake while he punches a button repeatedly. Annabeth hears what sounds like a curse muttered under his breath before he hits the register and pushes the button again. When it fails to do anything he lets out a low growl. Annabeth meanwhile can't take her eyes off the cupcake she can't seem to actually purchase. "You can eat it," he says and pushes the cupcake closer to her. "Thanks," Annabeth says with her hand already closing around the treat. "You seemed pretty hungry." He comes to a dead stop as soon as he's finished saying the words. "Not that you look- I mean I didn't- you were just eyeing that cupcake and- I'll- I'll stop talking now." He turns back to the register and manages to pry the drawer open. Annabeth gives him a harsh glare before focusing on the cupcake. She gingerly peels the paper away and takes her first bite. The icing melts into a sea of sugar and vanilla. It's the perfect density and blows away every tub of icing she's ever secretly eaten with a spoon. A wave of lemon follows the vanilla that is slightly tart and balances the frosting. Annabeth decides that Sally's Bakery is actually Elysium. Annabeth fights the urge to wolf down the cupcake and enjoys the second bite. "Worth it?" He asks and holds out her change. Annabeth nods vigorously and takes the change before using her hand to cover her mouth. "This is incredible, I'm surprised I've never heard of your bakery before." Manners tell her she shouldn't talk with a mouth full of food but she's not waiting to eat the cupcake. "We're still pretty new and still building a customer base," he says with a shrug. "Do you have any cards? I've got a couple friends with major sweet tooths." "Yeah," he says excitedly and his eyes light up. "Here." He grabs a handful of business cards and holds them out to her. "I'm Annabeth," she introduces herself as she takes the cards. "Percy," he says with a smile. "Well Percy, I'll see you next week." Annabeth returns the smile. "Next week? What's next week?" Percy's eyebrows scrunch up and he stares at the ground. Annabeth let's out a small laugh that stops him from scrutinizing the floor. "I'll be back for another cupcake," she explains with a shake of her head. "Oh, yeah, okay. Next week." "Bye, Percy," Annabeth says with another shake of her head. "Bye." It sounds almost like he says it mournfully. Annabeth pulls the door open and starts counting down the days. ~oOo~ The door swings open and the bell rings above her. Annabeth glances at Percy and gives him a quick smile before zeroing in on the cupcake section. Her stomach growls in eager anticipation. It had been difficult to keep it quiet during the lecture that seemed to last forever. Annabeth has a working hypothesis that the clock in the lecture hall gets stuck on the hour and it takes an extra twenty minutes to dislodge it. She lets out a breath and smiles to herself. Class is over for the week, leaving nothing but a cupcake and the weekend left to enjoy. She gently presses a hand against the glass and scans for this week's choice. The lemon cupcake last week was delicious and left her wondering what other confections Percy and his family have created. Annabeth spent the better part of the day making a list of flavors to try while leaving room for seasonal flavors and new recipes. Currently salted caramel and double chocolate brownie are at the top of her list, awaiting a visual inspection to select this week's winner. "Already have something picked out?" Percy's voice drifts over the case to her. "Just taking a look before deciding. I'm thinking I'll try the salted caramel this week." Annabeth lifts her hand from the glass and presses a single finger in front of the cupcakes of choice. "Oh," Percy says with a hitch in his voice. Annabeth glances up and sees he's holding a tray filled with a new type of cupcake. A mound of white frosting sits atop a vanilla cake with specks of red dotting it. Placed gingerly at the top of all of it is half a strawberry with its tip buried in the frosting. "Is… is that a strawberry cupcake?" Annabeth stands up and examines the cupcakes. There's a dozen in total and Annabeth can't find even a crumb out of order on any of them. Each is perfectly frosted, the strawberries are a beautiful crimson, and even the baking cups are pristine. "I figured we should have one… I mean, strawberry is kind of a basic flavor," Percy says and holds the plate out a little farther. "First one's yours." "First one?" Annabeth eyes him warily. "You mean besides the one you already had?" "No," Percy's eyes go wide. "I didn't have one I swear." "Then why are they're only twelve? I know you make enough batter for thirteen just in case." Annabeth crosses her arms and cocks her head slightly to the side. "I put one aside for my sister. When she found out what I was making she demanded I save her one." Percy glances away and Annabeth spies a tint of read in his cheeks. She uncrosses her arms and takes a cupcake from the tray. Reverently she peels off the paper and takes the first bite. The frosting is lighter and has more of a hint of vanilla than a full flavor. The batter is spongier, more of a short cake. It also tastes like strawberries have been baked into it. Annabeth is ready to admit it's just become her favorite cupcake when she takes a second bite and nearly drops it. The center of the cupcake has been cut out and filled with chunks of candied strawberries. A sugary glaze coats every piece and has slightly soaked into the cake. Every reservation Annabeth had about Percy's skill or the bakery have dissolved on a tide of sugar induced bliss. "Percy, this is incredible." Any concerns about talking with a mouth full of food are overridden. "You really like it?" Annabeth hears more than a hint of doubt in his voice. "Are you kidding me? I've already considered three ways to steal the rest from you." Her voice is steady and serious. Percy lets out a laugh and seems to relax. "You don't have to steal them, you can have them." Percy smiles bashfully. "All of them?" She eyes him and the cupcakes. "What's the catch?" She hardens her gaze and reads Percy's face. "No catch!" He blurts. "You gave me the idea, I figured it was the least I could do, I mean you're at least partially responsible for them." Annabeth watches him another minute and weighs her options in her head. "I'll take half, minus the one I already ate. Cut the others up and give them out as samples. Tomorrow you'll sell out of them." She nods at her own words in approval. "That's- that's a really good idea." "I know," she says proudly. "I came up with it." Percy boxes five up the cupcakes but Annabeth pulls one from the plastic clamshell and pushes a five dollar bill towards him. Percy looks at it in response like he's been given a dirty sock. "Take the money or I'll buy another type of cupcake." She sets an edge to her words to be sure he gets her drift. Percy isn't as clueless as he seems to be and puts the money into the register and pulls out the change. Annabeth gives him a smile when he hands it over to her and he rolls his eyes in response.