"Captain Grace! She's been spotted!" Jason stepped out onto the deck of his ship, H.M.S. Jupiter. The sun hadn't risen yet and the sea took on the pale tone of the dead left at sea. Jason noticed the men looking over the starboard side of the ship. There, standing faintly against the horizon, was the ship they were after. "Mr. Zhang, load the starboard cannons, and ready the long bores." First mate Frank Zhang nodded and turned to convey the orders below deck. "And Mr. Zhang, have the port five pound guns loaded." Frank stood for a second before shouting down the second order. Jason pulled his eye piece and judged the distance between the ships. "Afraid She's going to slip around you again?" Jason grimaced at the woman's voice. "She's listing and somehow still afloat, she shouldn't be much to deal with." Jason turned to the speaker. "There is a Spaniard aboard by the name of Valdez. He is good, he may very well keep the ship afloat another few weeks. As for the guns, I won't take the chance. Three months of skirmishes with Her and suddenly we catch her sitting in shallow water? No, this is another ploy." Jason adjusted his petty coat and rechecked the distance. "Mr. Zhang, we should be in range soon. When the gunners are aimed have them fire the long bores. Keep the ship within distance but out of range of their guns." Frank nodded and moved below deck, he would watch the cannons himself. "Three guns will take a while to bring the ship down. You could soften Her up first, then move the Jupiter in and use the main-" Jason spun on her. "I have chased The Argo II for months, I have faced her captain in combat multiple times. That ship is not here by accident, they would not have sailed here without a plan. You have risen far within the Queen's Navy, but you are not a soldier, Reyna. You have a mind for tactics but no experience. This is my ship and you will not question my orders, is that clear?" Reyna stood her ground and kept her gaze fixed on Jason the whole time. "They say you cannot catch the Argo II, they claim you are a defective and poor captain, that you should be stripped of your command and sent to home. I came to help you put an end to this pirates charades and mockery of the Queen's Law. If you do not want my assistance..." Reyna finished with a shrug. "You are here because you saw a chance to take part in the destruction of a vicious and well known pirate. This is as much about personal glory as it is helping me." Jason's face was calm, his words spoken with truth not malice. Reyna's eyes flitted across his features, never finding anything to steady on. When she had scrutinized his words and measured his expression she nodded and took a step back. "We should be within range," Jason announced to the deck. He turned back to the small ship struggling against the sea and squall. As the guns fired their first shots Jason noticed a green tint that touched the features of the ship along with the red and orange of the cannons. He glanced over his shoulder as he listened for the sound of cannon balls landing. The men cheered when a crack resounded across the waves. It would take just shy of two minutes before the guns were ready to fire again. Jason studied the water off the port side of the ship, there as a smudge against the horizon was an unmistakable figure of a ship. Jason ran the calculations in his mind. The ship was of good size and a fair distance off, yet he felt it would be quick. Years of experience were all he could judge that off, yet that was enough. "Port guns ready! Take aim and prepare to fire!" Jason shouted at his crew. They were well trained and snapped into action without question. The guns were run out and cannon crews readied. "You knew something would happen," Reyna said appearing beside him. Jason nodded. She was smart, she had plans, and she never maneuvered without an escape route. "Mr. Zhang take command of the port guns, fire when in range. Starboard guns maintain fire on the Argo II," Jason turned to address Reyna. "This isn't the most creative of plans but it will be effective. The Argo may be able to slip away while the second ship closes on us." Reyna nodded understanding. Jason turned back and watched another volley of cannon fire strike their prey. They had inflicted heavy damage on the ship over the past month but they had taken their fair share. He feared the best he could hope for was the Argo would take more damage and would have to be run ashore for a time. He turned back to the second ship and realized it was closing at a pace quicker than he had guessed at. He knew the ship would be fast in the water, but this was too fast. The port cannons fired at the mystery ship and it responded in kind. A round tore through the railing near Jason and showered him in splinters. His skin prickled but he was lucky and that would be the closest he would get to injury and come out ahead. Several of his crew were not so lucky. Splinters were more dangerous than the pounds of steel that caused them. "Break to port! Drop sails and ready starboard for a broadside!" Reyna appeared at his side again. "Two ships with that speed..." She needn't finish the thought. "I will board them if I must, I believe you are handy with a blade?" Reyna nodded. "Then I suggest you equip yourself, we will have only one chance before they slip away and I will not be caught in the open against two ships that can out maneuver us. Long bored cannons can do little to help us now." Jason had requested the six rifled cannons so that he could stand off against the Argo and be out of range of the lighter ships guns. They were best used in a static battle, where distance could be maintained and a single target could be trained upon and followed. Reyna found herself a sword and Jason gave the order for grapples and ropes to be laid out on the deck. Rifles and blunderbusses were brought out from the armory and knives glinted in the morning sun. The Jupiter turned and headed back out to the open ocean. The starboard cannons raked the enemy ship with a last volley. They were not chased but Jason kept the crews at the guns and the ship at full speed. ~xOx~ She stood at the helm of her ship and watched the H.M.S. Jupiter let loose a broadside on the ship closing quickly on them. She ran the options in her head again but stayed the course. She believed her plan to be the best course to take. When the Jupiter was not followed the last remaining option left and she was stuck. Her plan was all that would possibly keep them alive. Leo had done his best to keep the Argo II afloat this long and his repairs would only last another two weeks at best. She had been cornered and left with three options. Running wouldn't have worked and she was a pirate, not a military fighting ship, that left the myth. The mystery ship let the Jupiter flee and came at them with the same vigorous pace it had gone at the Queen's Navy. She clenched the railing and waited. "Should we run out-" "No!" She snapped, cutting her first mate off. "We can't pose a threat, Piper. They can run us down and blast us apart. We act wounded and let them board." The other girl swallowed and glanced around at the rest of the crew. They clenched at knives or pistols. Some readied spears and axes. She hoped they wouldn't be needed. The ship closed on them but the cannons stayed quiet. They came aside the Argo II and ropes and grapples descended upon them. Within seconds a score of men were standing on her deck, weapons at the ready. She realized how old the ship was. The style of the ship and its wood working were long outdated. Nothing like this had sailed in hundreds of years. She placed a hand on her blade and looked over the boarding party. None of them stood out against the others. They were all ragged and hunched, their arms thick and hands scarred. Their skin was weathered like all sailors but they held an aura of stiffness, of age. Then one stepped away from the rest. He was dark skinned and his hair was as dark as night, but it was his eyes that took her. "Who is your captain?" he growled softly. She was not quick enough to stop Leo. "She is a consult of Neptune, a daughter of Athena, sister of Calypso, and spirit of the sea itself. She is the dread pirate Chase." Leo boasted to the man. She swore to herself, Leo was too loud of mouth. "I am Captain here. Annabeth Chase." She stepped before the raven haired sailor. "Daughter of Athena and sister of Calypso," Annabeth felt the venom in the name. "I doubt that, Zeus would strike down such an abomination. A child of Titan and a god would be a sight to see though." His eyes filled with malice. "They are words spoken about me, my crew takes pride in the stories about me, but stories is all they are." She glanced over the men standing near the fabled captain. "You know your Greek mythology well, this is my ship the Argo II." He cackled. "Oh I know it too well, girl. The Argo, you give your ship an interesting name." "The Argo II." Leo corrected. "Watch your mouth boy, or I'll give it as a gift to the sharks." He spit at Leo. "As for the name of this ship I care not. I only want to know why you came to this island and drawn me here." "Drawn you here? How could we do that?" Piper spoke up. He gave a wicked grin, "Ask your captain. She knows well what this island is and why I came. She counted on it I think." "The stories give you little credit." Annabeth said appreciatively. "Try and woo me with words, see what it gets you. The last time I listened to such sweet talk it led me here, so you can stuff the act. As for those stories, well love makes a man stupid, and love is what cursed me." Annabeth realized her mistake quickly. "Besides, sorrow and bitterness are wise teachers, and I've had years to learn." He laughed again as if his own pain brought him amusement. "We will leave the island, I have no interest in anything on it. I only sought safety for my crew." She knew lying would only anger him so she spoke half truths. "And that safety came when I appeared with my ship and chased off the fool Brit. You used me Chase, don't think I don't see that." He leaned in and hissed the words, "but I have little concern with that, what I care about is that you brought be here. That I cannot let go so easily." He grinned in her face. Annabeth nodded, "Very well then. Fire!" Her crew acted faster than the other sailors did and the cannons ripped into the larger ship. Leo cut the line and the weights shifted to their new bearer. The larger ship lurched and the Argo II righted from its list. The sails dropped and the ship began to move away. Piper used her blade to