Frodo trailed Aragornreluctantly into the examination room, the papery gown that was all that stood between the Hobbit and complete nudity flapping around his legs and making him feel quite as if he were wearing a dress. There were no ties to hold the flimsy garment shut over his swollen belly; Frodo had both hands fisted in the material in an attempt to preserve his modesty. Not, he thought dismally, that it would matter in a few moments when the examination commenced. As if reading his thoughts, Aragorn proffered the nervous Hobbit an encouraging smile as he patted the table that stood in the center of the room. Frodo eyed it dubiously, taking in its length—far too large in his opinion—and the fixtures that stuck out at either side, the purpose of which Frodo could not fathom. "Must I?" he queried, feeling suddenly very uneasy about the whole thing. Aragorn laughed and nodded, reaching down to assist the unenthusiastic Hobbit up the step and onto the table. "I must inspect you thoroughly, Master Baggins. Especially," he added with a slight tone of disapproval, "as you waited so long to come to me." "But I did not think it was possible," Frodo protested, blue eyes dropping to his distended belly. "It was not supposed to be possible." "Possible or not, it has happened." As he spoke, Aragorn gently took hold of Frodo's left wrist, thumb pressing over the pulse point there. Frodo kept still and silent, perceiving that Aragorn was making some mental observations. A few more minutes were spent in relative silence as Aragorn checked Frodo's eyes, ears, throat, heart, and lungs, punctuated only by a soft word from the King or an answer from Frodo to some question Aragorn posed. It wasn't until Aragorn truly began the intimate part of the examination that things began steadily to go downhill. "Now, lie back, please, and open your legs." Aragorn's voice was stern, but as always, very kind. He knew that his patient was nervous in spite of the trust he placed in the King of Gondor and the medical technology the White City possessed. "What?" Frodo said blankly, feeling utterly scandalized at the prospect. "Why?" "So that I may examine you," the King answeredas if it were the most normal thing in the world to be saying such a thing to a Hobbit—a male Hobbit at that. "I must perform an internal as well as external exam, Frodo. I assure you," he added when he saw the other's dubious expression, "it is a quite normal procedure. Every pregnant woman must go through this exact sort of exam." Frodo looked even more unhappy at this pronouncement, but he did lie back, however unwillingly. Gently, Aragorn guided his legs up and apart, placing each foot in one of the contraptions attached to either side of the table. Frodo felt as if he had been laid utterly bare now; with his thighs spread like this not even the over-sized gown could protect his modesty. Aragorn, however, seemed unfazed. "Now move down until your bottom rests upon the very edge of the table," Aragorn instructed calmly. When Frodo did not seem inclined to comply, he repeated himself in a no-nonsense way that had the Hobbit acquiescing and wiggling his way down the table, thoroughly discontent with the entire situation. "You now must open your legs for me, making sure your knees are asfar apart as possible." If Frodo had thought himself embarrassed before, it was nothing to the heat Aragorn's words inspired. He would be completely exposing himself to this man who, however trusted and admired, was not a fellow Hobbit. And even worse at this time—a male. Somehow, that made the situation ten times worse in Frodo's eyes. And then, too, was the unpleasant realization that such exposure would mean Aragorn noticing the heavy amounts of discharge down there— soembarrassing in that moment that the Hobbit could hardly stand it . . . After a long pause during which Aragorn seemed to have an infinite amount of patience, Frodo yielded – at least in his view. He did, after all, let his legs fall open. The catch to this was, of course, that it was to an extent that Frodo considered proper, but which was insufficient for Aragorn's examination. "You will have to spread your legs further than that, Frodo." The King's voice, while gentle as always, was firm and just the tiniest bit reproving. The Hobbit looked utterly mutinous as Aragorn forged on in that same gentle voice, "Drop your knees as far as you possibly can. Once you have done this, I will fold your gown up above your hips and begin the examination." With the same reluctance that had pervaded this entire exchange thus far, Frodo complied with Aragorn's wishes. The position he found himself in was far from comfortable. The devices on either side of the table ensured that his legs remained spread, and his gown had been gently pushed aside to leave his private parts utterly exposed. He found neither the cool air that now brushed over his genitals nor the feeling that he was stretched wide and utterly open to Aragorn in any way enjoyable. The scrape of wood on stone drew Frodo's attention to Aragorn, who was pulling a stool over to him. To his seemingly endless embarrassment, and somewhat mounting horror, the stool came to a rest directly between his spread legs. A place that, Frodo assumed, would give Aragorn an excellent view of all that he had laid open to examination in the last several moments. Frodo's mortification soared to new heights in that moment. Aragorn had warned him, yes, but he had not quite comprehended the full meaning until now. Had not quite understood that an external exam involved being looked at and touched in places only the hands of his lover and himself had explored before. And speaking of hands, he perceived with a start just how large Aragorn's were. This, Frodo realized as Aragorn began to speak, would be very uncomfortable indeed. "Once I have washed my hands thoroughly, I will coat them in a substance that should make things a little less uncomfortable for you as I examine you. Though it will feel a little cold at first." As he spoke, Aragorn suited actions to words, coming to sit upon the stool when he was finished. "I will take a quick look at you on the outside, and then insert two fingers into your vaginal opening, so that I may get an idea of how things are going. I will also examine your vaginal discharge for signs of abnormalities or infection. Do you understand?" Feeling horribly abused and cringing inwardly at each repetition, so bluntly administered, of terms that were far too anatomically correct for his taste, Frodo nodded in affirmation, feeling his body tense slightly in reaction to the thought of those man-sized fingers entering him. Wood scraped on stone again as Aragorn moved far, far too close, making Frodo squirm in an instinctive wish to close his legs against what he regarded as the King's prying gaze. "It will go easier for you, little one, if you do not tense up so." Damn Aragorn and his gentle voice, Frodo thought savagely even as he nodded, concentrating on relaxing the muscles that had automatically tightened upon the realization of Aragorn's proximity. "I am going to touch you now." He felt gentle hands brush the place that had metamorphosed over the last six months, forming a new, intimate part of his anatomy. Now, with Aragorn's fingers parting the folds of his secret place and the man's eyes fastened upon that area, his embarrassment was immeasurable. He had not thought it possible to blush so hotly, but his face felt as if it were on fire; surely it must be glowing like the beacons on the heights. He bit his lower lip, glancing to the side in an attempt to distract himself—to little avail—from the sight of his widespread thighs and the King bent between them. "You are lubricating . . . and your vulva is a bit swollen, which is normal during pregnancy. No significant irritation or redness . . ." Aragorn palpated the tender flesh, rubbing and exploring in a way that, Frodo felt, was quite inappropriate. The feeling intensified as the fingers carefully parted the inner folds and stretched wide his opening for Aragorn's scrutiny. "I will be as gentle as I possibly can, Frodo. Especially as your hymen is still intact." At Frodo's wide-eyed, questioning look, Aragorn elaborated, "It is the maidenhead, a barrier that is usually broken when a woman first engages in sexual intercourse. As, obviously, you have never had sex as a woman does, yours is still unbroken." Completely dazed, Frodo nodded, wishing Aragorn would stop talking and let him be. But no one with the power to grant such wishes seemed to be listening, for the human continued to speak. "Now, I will need you to bear down and push, much as if you were having a bowel movement." At Frodo's expression—one of mixed confusion and distaste at the comparison Aragorn had just drawn—the King explained, "It is a way to test the pelvic floor and perfectly routine in an examination such as this. Trust me, Frodo." Sighing heavily, Frodo gave in and did as he had been told. Aragorn seemed satisfied with whatever results this action had produced for he moved on—making the Hobbit jump slightly as the large fingers moved down and parted his buttocks. He made a half-protesting, half-outraged noise which Aragorn, this time, seemed incline to take in stride and without comment. "Tell me, have you experienced any itching or burning in this area?" The tip of a finger pressed lightly against the Hobbit's anus, making Frodo shift and squeak a little in protest. "Answer enough," the King said, apparently deciding it was best to spare Frodo from answering aloud. "I will give you something to help with that problem before you leave here today. It is another very common pregnancy issue." Aragorn's soft voice urged him to relax and then quite abruptly Frodo felt the lips of his sex being parted and the feel of two cold—a little cold indeed!—fingers entering him and sliding in deeply. It was a tight fit in Frodo's opinion, not entirely eased by the substance on those fingers in spite of the copious amounts Aragorn had used. Distracted by his own discomfort, he only vaguely heard Aragorn's request to tell him if he experienced any pain or tenderness throughout this part of the examination. After what felt like an eternity of fingers that poked and prodded from within and without, they withdrew. Even as they did, Aragorn's free hand slipped over Frodo's belly, palpating gently for a few minutes before he withdrew for the moment, nodding to himself. Aragorn studied his fingers, going so far as to sniff the mix of lubricant and vaginal fluid coating them. Frodo watched this with an almost hopeful expression, thinking the worst might be over. "Everything appears quite normal," Aragorn announced after a moment, turning away to wash his hands and then, to Frodo's dismay,re-coat them in the slippery substance once more. "I must perform another exam before we proceed, Frodo. This time, however, I must place one finger in your vagina and the other within your rectum." All the poor Hobbit could think was Ah, but of course . Aragorn seemed to divine Frodo's utter unhappiness at the prospect and gently rested a hand on one of the Hobbit's bent knees. "In any pregnancy, there are certain things that must be checked in such a way—I assure you; you are not a unique case in this instance. I will be as swift as possible. Now, if you could just relax for me . . ." "That," Frodo said a little acidly, "is easier said than done." Still he did try; an effort that was utterly pointless