" I would rather die a meaningful death … than to live a meaningless life." The cool feeling of the salty sea came across my face as I dove off the docks with my weaved bag in hand. There could never be a more joyous feeling than the one I experience everyday out here in the wide open sea. A long time ago it was once called the Gulf of Mexico in the old world, before it became Panem. In truth I'd rather be back in those times than here, I'd be free to play in the waves to no end. District 4 was my home and I'd formed a deep connection with the ocean and the people around me. Today is the Reaping Day, where one girl and boy are chosen from each district to travel to the Capital and fight to the death in an arena. I wanted to get out on the waves if this was my last time. Maybe I was being paranoid. There are thousands of names in that jar, what are the chances that it could be me? I was just a simple fisherman's daughter, there was no way. I felt so at peace in the ocean, almost as if I had no worries but of course I did. The 70th Hunger Games were approaching and the reaping today would only bring it closer, there was no use in delaying the inevitable. "Alana! Alana! Alana, the Reaping is about to begin! We have to hurry!" a girl from shore yells out. A simple turn of my head and I flash her one of my award winning smiles, so gentle and kind along with a bit of playfulness and rebellion. Her dark hair flowed wildly as she tried to catch my attention and show her urgency through her deep green eyes. "Oh come on, Annie. Live a little. We have two hours until we have to show up." Annie Cresta was probably one of my closets friends in District 4, I could tell her anything and trust her to understand. I met her a long time ago, maybe when we were 7. Even then I loved the sea and happened to cross paths with her out along the shore where she was collecting seashells for her mother to use. I remember the first thing that interested me was how bright her eyes were compared to my dull brown ones. I was just a simple little girl with tan skin, golden hair with natural highlights, and deep brown eyes back then. I can't say I'm much different now either. "No, that was two hours ago! Sara told me to come get you! Lotus's already waiting." Straining my neck I was able to make out the town's clock which read 11:45. When did it become so late! I was about to swim to shore when I felt an approaching wave on the tips of my fingers as I lightly brushed them against the surface of the water. "Alana, come on!" Annie yells but it seemed so distant right now I don't think I heard. Slowly closing my eyes, I could feel the slightest movements. I immediately dive down into the water when I see a large wave forming on the horizon. I dove under the wave before it had reached me so I could easily maneuver myself to a safe position. Once I did it felt like I had entered a whole different world. The coral reef and colorful array of fish always left me in awe. It was hard to believe that such a beautiful thing could exist in Panem. My head broke the surface as I looked at shore to see Lotus standing with her arms crossed. It wasn't hard to tell she was overly pissed at my lack of punctuality. Lotus had been taking care of me along with my brothers and sister ever since I can remember. My mother had died of illness about a year after Aqua was born and Lotus came filling in that empty void. She could practically be considered my second mother. Knowing that I would get a earful if I didn't go I start to swim to shore where I was met with one of Lotus's fierce glares. "You and Annie better hurry if your going to make it to the reaping. Go now and you might just make it." she says ushering me in the direction of town where the reaping would be held at noon. "Sorry, Lotus!" I yell over my shoulder as Annie and me make a dash towards town, with me lingering behind only to grab a dress I had stashed earlier in the bushes. A smirk appeared over Annie's face as she noticed this. "You were expecting to be out that long." she almost accused me as I did my best to dry off with a towel I had hidden. "I would be lying if I said I wasn't. It was just a precaution really, encase I were to stay out too long." Just as I slipped on my dress over my head, I came face to face with a beautiful white hibiscus flower. "I thought it would go nice with your dress." Annie stated innocently as a large smile grew on my face. "Have I ever told you how much I love you, Annie?" I ask slipping the delicate flower into my hair. "Once or twice." I could tell how scared and nervous she was for the upcoming reaping, even I was. I had just turned seventeen about a week ago and qualified even more for the games while Annie wouldn't turn seventeen until about a few months from now. If I were to be chosen for the games I wouldn't show any weakness until I was alone. I knew how competitive and violent these games got and the wimps were the first to go. I finally dried my body off enough but hair was still damp and wet and it was too late to dry it off completely before we got to the center of town. I'm always used to my hair being wet so I didn't see any difference but I could tell Lotus might. "What do you think, Alana? And be honest with me. What if one of us is chosen this year. I've been having this weird feeling ever since they mentioned the reaping." I lift my head so I could look Annie in the eye. "Everything will turn out right. It's like what Lotus and Sara always always tell us, the closer we look at things the more our perspective changes. It's the same right now. There's like what, a thousand different names in that bowl." She seemed a bit more reluctant about the reaping now but I know that I said that to comfort us both. That feeling had been on my chest awhile and I knew it couldn't mean anything good. "So what do you want to do after the reaping? Lotus isn't going to make you have lessons because you were late again, will she?" she asks. We had just arrived into town and were on our way to the center where the reaping would be held. "I don't think so, but I wouldn't mind. I love reading although she still kind of forced that habit onto me. How about we go to the ocean. I know you've been looking for more shells to use in those bracelets of yours. I've been eager to see the finished result." I say causing a smile to appear on her face, the same one that could light up any room. She was just an all round cheerful person to be around. "Really? Well when I finish you'll be the first person to see. To be honest I didn't think you remembered that." "Why, Annie? How could I forget? You've only told me six or eight times, each day for the last month alone." I say with a smirk playing onto my lips. She's known me long enough and been around me long enough to know I'm pretty sarcastic. Laughing, she nudges me in the side before taking off ahead of me to where Sara was impatiently tapping her foot and looking back and forth worriedly while occasionally stopping to gaze at her watch. Once she sees us her face brightens. "Girls, you're here. I was getting worried. All the other children are already inside. I was afraid something had happened to the both of you." A warm embrace comes right after as Annie and me are pulled into Sara's arms. Sara is a 24 year old woman and teachers down at the school and would always look out for all the children in District 4. Everyone adored her and she was actually a previous victor of the 63rd Hunger Games. She won by her incredible knowledge and the fact she was one of the best strategist. Luckily we made it just in time for us to give our blood and separate into our age groups. I tried to contain my bit of laughter as Scarlett made her way across in a horrendous yellow outfit, complete with wig, that deeply clashed with the rest of District 4. "Welcome, welcome all to our annual 70th Hunger Games. Now I know you don't need me to remind you of the rules but regulation is regulation. Each year one boy and girl between the ages of 12 and 18 are selected to participate in a momentous event, the Hunger Games. Now the lucky pair chosen will have the privilege to travel to the Capitol in order to compete for a chance to be this year's Victor. Shall we begin?" No one dared to speak to the dismay of Scarlett. "As tradition states, ladies will be going first." she says will making her way over to the large fishbowl on the right side of the stage, the left side if it were to be from Scarlett's perspective. Knowing Scarlett I was certain she was creating suspense when she wavered above the thousands of slips of paper in order to get to us. Finally after the long silent torture a name was drawn from the bowl. A name was announced and it was certainly not one I expected at all. "Alana Covecrest!" The name that was called was none other than my own. This couldn't be happening. There was just no way that District 4's escort, Scarlett, just called my name. Hunger Games were brutal, filled with violence and gore. Twenty-four kids went into that arena and only one made it out alive. How could I compete with that. There was just no way. "Alana Covecrest?" All of the girls around me give sorrowful looks as they made a path for me to the stage. Looking around I saw some of my closest friends looking at me as though they were planning what color shrouds I would be wearing for my funeral. "Well come on honey. The stage is over here." Scarlett says in her preppy Capitol accent almost causing me to grimace. Somewhere in my brain I wandered what would happen if I tried to make a break for it right now, run and run until I reached the ocean. Anything was better than the fate I was currently faced with. I kept telling myself this was a dream as I slowly walked to that dreaded stage in front of me. My emotion was impassive as I walked on stage but anyone could tell I was somewhat confused. Scarlett turned and gave me a large smile. "So you're Alana Covecr- why you're all wet? Never mind that now. I'll be your escort to the Capitol this year…again. Don't get too excited because we still have to choose our male tribute. Did you have anything to say?" I slowly shake my head while looking out towards the crowd. In the crowd I could make out Annie's tear stained face along with Aquamarina, my