"MAID OF HONOR! HEY! YOU! GORGEOUS BRUNETTE IN THE SLINKY SILVER DRESS! COME HAVE A DRINK WITH YOUR BRIDE!" Ginny yelled over the remixed Weird Sisters song playing over the club's speakers as they danced. Hermione swung her hips to the beat and jumped as Ginny wormed her way through the throngs of people. "GINNY!" Hermione screamed as the two girls connected their fingers. Ginny smiled and turned to head towards the bar. They danced their way through the crowd and collapsed at the bar while Ginny summoned the bartender. Ginny wore a short, white lace dress and strappy espadrilles and a tiara to match. Hermione was a huge contrast to her female best friend in a sequin dipped silver halter dress that hugged every curve perfectly with matching sky high stilettos. The bartender arrived and gave Hermione an impish smile. "Zabini! What in Merlin's name are you doing here?" Ginny asked. The dark skinned Italian smiled. "I know the owner." he said simply, pouring two apple martinis for the best friends. "You know the owner?" she replied, looking skeptical. Blaise nodded. "A wealthy young bachelor and old school mate from Hogwarts." he called back. The music died down and he handed the girls their drinks. "So this is why you left the Ministry. I always wondered. Seems no one really knew why." Hermione interjected, earning a look from Ginny. "That's the way we Zabini's like it. Keep the world guessing what our next move is. Enjoy your night ladies." he said, winking at Hermione. She blushed and took her drink as Ginny grabbed ahold of her hand to weave back through their fellow partygoers. "Hermione, I know he was a slimy snake back in school but he is really cute. You should flirt with him." Ginny said, sipping on her martini as they reached a table. Hermione scoffed. "Gin, this is supposed your hen party, not a matchmaking endeavour." she replied, shaking her head at the redheaded witch. "Wouldn't be a hard match to make. He couldn't take his bloody eyes off you." Ginny retorted. "Gin, don't be ridiculous." she answered, sipping her drink as they sat on a green and silver couch. "Ok, just because my brother is daft does not mean you're unattractive. You're a knock-out, Ron's just a tosser. So get yourself a man who knows what he wants… which is you." Ginny replied. Hermione blushed. "You're barmy Gin." she answered. Ginny shook her head and surveyed their fellow partiers. Across the club, Blaise was talking to the club owner in hushed tones. "Granger? Where?" came the aristocratic drawl of Draco Malfoy. Blaise chucked his chin towards their V.I.P. section where the brunette danced on Ginny and Luna. He shook his head and looked at the Italian. "Sudden fancy for muggle-born Zabini?" he asked, picking up his frosted glass and taking a long, slow drink of the amber scotch inside. The Italian smirked back at his best mate. "Nothing sudden about it my dear Malfoy. I've had a repressed crush on our brunette bookworm since our Hogwarts days." he said, currently on break, drinking his own glass of scotch sparingly. "Seriously? Merlin man, I thought you had standards, or a type at least." Draco answered, eyeing Hermione with a newly piqued interest. "Coming from the man whose type was anything with a gender classification of woman?" Blaise chided playfully. Draco took another long drink of his scotch. "Sod off Zabini. How about we start a game of truth or dare with Granger and her friends?" Draco said suddenly, eyeing his friend over the rim of his glass. Blaise smiled. "Looks like the Snake Princess already did. Look." he replied, pointing towards the group where their friend, practically sister, Pansy Parkinson was walking up to the two former Gryffindors and their Ravenclaw friend. "What in the devil is she doing?" Draco asked. "Haven't you heard? Our darling Slytherin sister is shacking up with She-Weasel's youngest big brother." Blaise answered, eyeing the gaggle of girls knowingly. "Has Pansy gone mental? That's social suicide! How do you know that by the way?" Draco asked, turning back to his best friend. "I'm a bartender. I hear everything. Plus I was here the night Ron and Pansy hooked up." he supplied, looking back to the group. The two men watched as Pansy and Ginny hugged. "Ginny! Hermione! I'm so glad i could make it! How are you both?" came Pansy's high pitched squeal as she reached her newly found friends. She hugged them both and plopped down with them. She smiled at Luna, even though she barely knew the blonde beauty. "I'm so glad you could come Pans!" Ginny said, leaning her head on the elder witch's shoulder. "Me too Love. So what have I missed?" Pansy asked, looking from Ginny to Hermione and back. "Your former housemate flirting shamelessly with Hermione has been about the most entertaining thing to happen thus far." Ginny said, sighing in resignation. Pansy looked to Ginny in shock. "Draco finally made a move? Wow only took him a decade." she muttered in response. "Draco? Bloody hell no. She meant Blaise." Hermione cut in before Ginny had a chance. "Blaise was flirting? Blaise doesn't flirt. He prefers his women come to him." Pansy replied, looking Hermione up and down. "Well, he winked at her and kept looking at her." Ginny continued, eyeing Hermione knowingly. "Bloody wanker has lost his bloody mind." Pansy retorted, eying Blaise and Draco from across the club. Draco nodded to her in acknowledgment and she returned it. "What do you say we invite the boys to play truth or dare? Harry's meeting up with you in a few minutes isn't he?" Pansy asked, turning towards the bachelorette. Ginny nodded. "He and Ron and the boys were supposed to be done at eleven and then come here. So should be anytime." Ginny answered. "Won't that be a bit unfair with so many men to us 3 girls?" Hermione asked, flummoxed. Pansy smiled and shook her head. "You let me worry about that. I happen to spot two or three Hogwarts alums across the club. Let me network them and suck them in. You just focus on your piece of Italian chocolate ok Hermione?" she chuckled as she looked from the brunette to the Italian. Blaise made eye contact with Pansy and smirked. She returned it and nodded. "Alright." Hermione resigned. "Magnificent." Pansy said, slapping both girls on their knees and standing. She then walked away to gather a little mini Hogwarts reunion. A half hour later, Pansy had collected Lavender Brown, Parvati and Padma Patil, Cho Chang, Marietta Edgecombe, Astoria and Daphne Greengrass, Tracey Davis, Millicent Bulstrode, Eloise Midgen, Demelza Robins, Victoria Frobisher, Adrian Pucey, Marcus Flint, Draco, Blaise (who was on a brief break while his apprentice bartender took over), Marcus Belby, Cormac McLaggen, Graham Montague, Ernie MacMillan,Terry Boot and Anthony Goldstein. And minutes later, Harry, Ron, the twins, Neville, Dean and Seamus arrived. Harry walked over to Ginny and walked to sit behind her. She leaned into his embrace and he kissed her temple. Hermione smiled at them and at Ron and Pansy as he did the same thing as Harry had. Her best mates were happy. It made her happy. She inadvertently made eye contact with Blaise who blushed. "Alright, so who wants to play a bit of truth or dare?" Pansy asked to the assembled 32 people. Everyone raised a glass and cheered. "Excellent," Pansy continued, "Now this game is to celebrate my future sister-in-law Ginny's hen party before she marries Scar-head next week. So let's have fun shall we? Who wants to start?" Pansy asked. Ginny raised her hand. "I want to say I'm in but my break will be over shortly as my apprentice has to be home soon." Blaise voiced before Ginny could begin. Pansy threw him an incredulous look but nodded hesitantly, exchanging a mischievous look with Ginny. "Fine. Ginny, go ahead." Pansy said, gesturing towards the younger witch. Ginny tapped her wedding dress white nails against chin rhythmically. Then she settled her eyes on Draco. "Malfoy, truth or dare?" she said, grinning evilly. Draco's eyes shot up to meet the bride-to-be's. He schooled his face into cool indifference and said "Truth." with practiced confidence. Ginny grinned and then sent a sidelong look towards Hermione. "Ever had a threesome? If so who with. If not who would you pick out of this group?" she asked, her eyes dancing with excitement. Draco dropped his eyes to the plate full of shots Blaise had brought over when Pansy roped him in. He lifted one to his pale lips and downed it. "Never have but if I had to have one, I'd pick Granger….and Astoria." he said, reclining backwards against the couch on which he sat as his eyes raised to stare directly into Hermione's. Molten amber met molten silver and he smirked before licking his lips lasciviously. "In your dreams Malfoy." she whispered, looking into her lap. "How did you know?" he said back and her eyes were on him again. He loved the eye contact. It made him wish they were making it while she was sucking his rod. He felt a familiar growing and adjusted himself against his casual dress trousers discretely. "Hmmm who shall i pick…. Pansy… truth or dare?" he said, smiling at the girl he called his sister. She smiled back confidently. "Truth." she said suddenly hesitant. This was odd for the former Slytherin Princess as she usually exuded cool confidence. "Obviously there's no money in the Weasley name, what was it that attracted you to the Weasel?" he asked, eyeing his sister with an evil glare. Pansy huffed. "If you must know asshole it was because of how sweet he was to me. I had been on a date with Zacharias Smith and he treated me poorly and Ron swooped in and made me feel better." she stated sharply. She turned her gaze to at the unsuspecting crowd around her. "Blaise, truth or dare?" she asked, her eyes finally resting on the Italian. He looked at his nails in disinterest before taking a slow drink of his scotch watching his former housemate. "Truth." he answered simply. "How long have you had a hard rod for Hermione?" Pansy asked. Blaise choked and sputtered and his empty glass fell to the floor, rolling to a stop underneath the opposite couch. "What?" he asked. Pansy smiled evilly, Slytherin pride revamped. "How long have you had a hard rod for Hermione?" she repeated, not breaking their eye contact. Hermione's face flushed. "Since fourth year." he answered, his eyes flicking towards the brunette beauty. "Ginny, truth or dare?" Blaise said, eager to get the attention off him. Ginny stiffened. "Dare." she said, not one to back down from a challenge. "I dare you to make out with your future sister in law." he said, his eyes travelling to Pansy. Payback was a bitch. Ginny shrugged and then with one small glance towards her brother grabbed Pansy by the neck and kissed her hard on the mouth. Pansy grabbed the back of Ginny's head and Ginny made her way onto Pansy's lap. Several men in the group wolf whistled and catcalled. They pulled apart after several long minutes. Ginny climbed off Pansy's lap, sat back down and smiled at Blaise. He watched, amused. Ginny added to moment by licking her lips. Pansy too, smiled. "Merlin Babe, she's better than you." Pansy joked, tossing a look back to her fiance before kissing his cheek and whispering 'only joking.' "Now, as per the directions of my boss, I must return to the bar. Have fun you lot." Blaise said, standing and turning to walk away. Ginny turned a mischievous eye towards her maid of honor. Hermione looked up at her best female friend and scowled. She shook her head in a silent warning as Ginny whispered conspiratorially with Pansy before clearing her throat and turning towards Hermione. Hermione pretended