A/N: hey all. Hope you enjoy. This idea came from my beta, Breannae-Malfoy. So i dedicate this smutastic fluffyness to her. ? you Brea. Anyway enjoy and please review. I love hearing what you guys think. :) -MP Hermione Granger walked through Diagon Alley after work one evening, her curls dancing on the buoyant autumn wind. She tucked them behind her ear as she walked and pulled her peacoat jacket closer around herself. She had spent her lunch break that day craving a new book. She rounded a corner and her prayers were answered. Her favorite Diagon Alley shoppe was lit up invitingly. Flourish and Blotts was always empty this time of evening and tonight was no exception. She walked in and nodded towards the shopkeeper as she walked towards the potions book section. She had been experiencing a stalemate in the sack lately, given her breakup with Ron. It had been a mutual end. They had realized that after the war, they hadn't much in common. So they went their separate ways. But Hermione hadn't been able to find someone else to share her bed. It wasn't a necessity, she was comfortable by herself but she missed the companionship. She missed having someone to snuggle up to. So here she was. She found the book of potions she had been searching for and grabbed it, walking towards the magical romance novel section. She didn't hear the door to the shoppe open again. She didn't see the tall, aristocratic banker walk down the aisle towards her. His rich cologne wafted through the shoppe but she was now immersed in perusing the novels. She found one about a muggleborn girl who fell for a wealthy healer and it piqued her interest. She added it to her arm beside the potions book. "Lonely night Granger?" came a drawl she knew all too well. She rolled her eyes and turned to stare into the expensive suit of none other than Draco Malfoy. "What do you want Malfoy?" she asked, not looking up from the book she was currently skimming. It was about a girl who began a torrid affair with a lonely, engaged banker. Hermione snorted at the irony and all but threw it back onto the shelf. "I was actually looking for a book and saw you and thought, 'why not go taunt Granger for old times sake? ' Is this really how you spend your nights? Trashy romance novels and a fruity red wine? My, my...how the mighty have fallen." he said, in mock shock from behind her. She rolled her eyes again and turned to pad away from him. "Sod off Malfoy. Not all of us can have Mummy and Daddy pick out the perfect pureblood spouse for us. Some of us end up single. How is the future Mrs. Malfoy by the way?" she asked, her voice rampant with sarcasm. "Pregnant with the heir to the Nott family fortune as it were. Filthy slag was stepping out on me our entire engagement. So I, like you, my dear shrew, am currently single." he said, grabbing up the book she had thrown down. Hermione snorted indelicately. "As if you're the poster child for a healthy, faithful relationship." she retorted as she walked away from him. "Contrary to popular belief, I don't enter into a relationship unless I know I can be gentlemanly and faithful. Love, relationships and marriage aren't to be taken lightly. Besides my mother would have my bits if I was anything but gentlemanly." he replied, enunciating the last word as he followed her. "Aww, how sweet. Mummy's perfect little Dwaco." she snarked, giggling to herself. He scowled at her. "You know, Granger if you want to know what bankers are like in bed, you could just ask for a hands-on demonstration." he whispered as he came up behind her, ignoring her taunt. He blew on her ear, causing some ringlets to come loose as his hand grazed her rump. She turned around to face him and tucked them back behind her ear. She schooled her face into casual indifference. "I don't care to know, if I did I would've picked up the book. I don't need hands-on experience. " she muttered as he moved closer to her. "Come on Granger, I'm single, you're single; I'm rich, you're rich… what do you say? We'd both benefit from the situation." he said, touching her hip and smiling impishly when she didn't immediately hex him to bits. "Money means nothing to me Malfoy." she answered weakly. "I know what you'll be saying when you give into that inane curiosity of testing out the merchandise. We both know that your plucky little brain only put that book back because of the irony of the situation in that moment. Give me one chance to show you what all that chatter was about in the girls lavatory back at Hogwarts. I wasn't 'the Slytherin Sex God' for no reason. I earned that title with every moan, whinge and whimper of ecstasy I made those girls feel. And deep down in your soaking wet knickers you know your little wheels have been churning out scenarios ever since. You probably think of me as those delicate slender digits push between your folds every night while you read your smut. What do you say we diffuse this sexual tension between us and just get it over with already." he whispered, leaning in close so his lips hovered millimeters above her own. She was loathed to admit she was speechless. His hand had moved from her hip to undoing the buttons of her jacket. "Have you gone mad?" she uttered, staring up into his slate colored eyes. They were half lidded and almost black with desire. "Mad with lust perhaps, but otherwise I'm just as sane as you are. Now.. open up Granger." he said, pulling her coat open. His eyes began a silent appraisal of her outfit. She wore a black pencil skirt that hugged every ever loving curve she had developed, and a tight navy n white pinstriped shirt that barely concealed her lace navy bra. She had it fashioned so it created a positively delectable dip of cleavage. His hands shook against his desire to grasp them and knead them. Hermione watched him curiously. Draco smirked at her before kissing her full and hard on the mouth. She didn't respond at first but as he deepened it slightly, tracing her lips with his persistent tongue as he pinned her to the bookshelf behind her; she threw caution to the wind. She grabbed the lapels of his expensive trench coat and pulled him down into her. He kissed her with such ferocity she was sure he was intending to Incendio her. She pulled away and muffled a moan as he kissed along her cheek to lick her earlobe. "What about the shopkeeper?" she asked, working overtime not to moan out loud. He nibbled into her pulse point. "Temporarily petrified." he whispered as he ghosted his lips down the column of her throat to lick the dash of cleavage exposed. She bit down on her lip nearly hard enough to draw blood. "That's totally barbaric." she replied, as he fisted her hair in his hand. "So is what I'm about to do to you." he whispered as he pulled on her shirt, tearing it from her body with a resounding rip. He let out an uncharacteristic wanton moan as he saw the peaks of her tiny nipples through the lacy material of her bra. He felt himself stiffen to full mast. He looked into her eyes and she nodded as he dipped his head to lick at the hardening buds through the material of her bra. She moaned loudly as his hands pulled up her skirt while his tongue licked and sucked her nipples. When his hands had bunched her skirt around her hips one hand moved exploratorily under the dress to discover the bare mound of her womanhood. "You naughty, naughty little bookworm. No knickers? That's delightful." he whispered against her breast. She moaned at the sensation of his breath against her breast and her hands dove to tangle into his hair. His hand moved farther to flick her clit with his index finger and part her folds delicately. He took the tip of his middle finger and circled around her entrance thrice. She mewled and scratched his scalp. He chuckled against her breast. He nearly came from how wet she already was as he slid his finger inside her gently. Her head rested against the bookshelf behind them as she shrieked. "Oh sweet Merlin Malfoy." she whispered as he pulled her bra down so he could suck on her nipples properly. He laved his tongue on her nipples obsessively. He bit down gently and his finger got wetter. "Call me Draco, Beautiful or God if you prefer." he chuckled to himself. "Do you intend to tease all day or are you going to get on with it?" she asked between moans as he moved his finger slowly in and out of her. "Right now I want just one thing." he whispered as he took his finger out slowly, looking into her eyes and licking it. She moaned for the millionth time as she watched him lick her own juices off his finger. "And what is that?" she asked as he stood, leaving her standing there disheveled. He leaned in close as he polished his finger off, leaving his lips open ever so slightly. "Right now the only thing I want to do… is taste you." he whispered as he kissed her again, grasping her jaw and held her face to his in a passionate kiss. Their tongues danced a dance for dominance as she pulled at his belt. He let her do what she wanted and before he knew it his trousers and boxers were at his ankles. "Seems to me it's only fair if you get a taste, so do I." she answered, her eyes glittering with want at his hard cock. He reached behind her and unzipped her skirt so that it floated down to pool underneath her black, patent leather stilettos. When he did she dropped down into a squat and stroked his turgid length. He was maybe a foot long at this erect state, pale as alabaster marble, with a pale pink head. She smiled as she licked the head before swallowing him into her throat entirely. "Wear your 'fuck me' shoes did you Granger?" he muttered, struggling around a growl of ecstasy as she sucked with the perfect mixture of pressure and pull. She pulled him out of her mouth and looked up at him. "Every girl needs a pair of confidence heels, or at least that's what Lavender and Ginny tell me." she said, making painfully sexy eye contact before kissing the tip and sucking him down her throat again. He growled again and she began stroking him as well. He fisted her hair into his hand and rested it against the back of her head, easing her further slowly. She made a small gagging noise and pulled back slightly. "Well they make you arse look bloody fantastic." he said as she stroked a bit faster. She pulled him out of her mouth and looked up at him again. Every time she looked up at him with those eyes he got harder than before. "Thank you." she said before shoving him back into her mouth quickly. He groaned and tossed his head backwards. "I never thought I'd say this considering they like to lecture me but those lips are bloody amazing." he said, just above a whisper. She looked up at him and he could see a mixture of lust and anger in her eyes and it was intoxicatingly erotic. He closed his eyes and she sucked harder and faster and he felt his cock begin to twitch. Hermione felt his balls contract as she massaged them and