A/N: hey all its Ariel again. This song was inspired by the song Pornstar Dancing by My Darkest Days. Hope you all enjoy it and review! ❤MP Draco Malfoy was one of, if not THE most eligible bachelor in Wizarding England at twenty-eight years old and yet here he was walking down a street in muggle London, looking for an escape from the world he had grown up in. He looked no part a muggle, dressed in Madam Malkin's finest tailored suit, expensive French shoes, with his hands balled and fisted into the pockets of his trousers. He wore a sullen expression. He turned another nameless corner and came across the solution to his problem. He saw the reflection of the neon in a puddle at his feet and as he looked up into a neon pair of breasts with exaggeratedly big areolas he felt drawn in. He walked towards the sign with a spring in his step. Even though the building looked ready to collapse over, he couldn't move away. He entered the establishment and noticed everything looked to be dipped in cheap velveteen material. He paid ten muggle pounds to the bored looking man sitting in the booth at the front and moved down a dark hallway into a large, dark room. He noticed a stage of sorts set up opposite him. Scantily clad women were everywhere. Yes , Draco thought he might quite enjoy this place. Neon and black lights set the mood. He sat down at a table near the front and waited for a waitress to service him. A woman who looked like a more buxom version of the She-Weasel in a bikini came up to him and asked what he wanted to drink. "Do you have firewhiskey? Or scotch on the rocks? I'll take either." he said to the girl before handing her a banknote. Music played faintly in the background and he sat, waiting for his drink. He didn't know how he'd ended up here. He knew his parents wanted him to marry some ditzy pureblood chit he couldn't stand the company of...but why had that led him to a muggle gentleman's club? He hadn't the foggiest, but here he was. The redheaded girl brought him his drink and he relaxed, drinking it down. He caught the girl's attention and signaled a refill. She nodded and went to the bar to place his order. Twenty minutes later a voice came over some sort of announcement system. "Next up we have the amazing, curvy, delectable Amortentia." came the excited man's voice. Amortentia? Surely… no. It could be merely a coincidence. Just because it sounded familiar didn't mean she was a witch. He just happened to have the whole of the wizarding world on his mind so he was drawing unnecessary parallels. A circle of spotlight focused on the stage in front of Draco and he looked up curiously. There was a chair in the center of the light, with a long-legged, bronzed, brunette beauty perched sexily on said chair. Half her face was concealed by a black fedora but he could make out a pair of painted red pouty lips that made him wet his own in want. A melody began to play. He didn't recognize it, but that wasn't saying much. His knowledge of the muggle world was limited, to say nothing of, muggle music. He noted it was a rock song but beyond that he couldn't guess. The lyrics stuck out to him though. The song was about strippers, how fitting. As he pondered the lyrics, something beautiful happened. The brunette moved. Her stems stretched out on either side of the base of the chair and he noted her hips beginning to wiggle into the seat of the chair. He sat back in his own chair and relaxed. She stood up sharply and stood to the side of the chair. He noticed then that her outfit was a black fedora, a pin-striped vest, and a black lace bra n thong. He felt his cock stiffen slightly. She had stockings that seemed sheer yet glittered in the spotlight. She wore black sky high stilettos with spikes and grommets scattered haphazardly on them. She swung her hips seductively and walked confidently to the pole in front of him. "She wraps her hands around that pole…" She twirled around the pole thrice and then dipped into a squat, making sure he had a full view of her arse. Draco wanted to touch her but he hesitated. She was like fluid in the way she moved. He noticed her hair was a bob of sorts and her hair was the color of milk chocolate, with streaks of caramel. It struck him as oddly familiar but he shrugged it off. Her face was one of true beauty and the way she did her eye makeup made her amber colored eyes pop. She began to use her heels to climb up the pole to the beat of the music and shake her head back and forth at the top. She curled her right leg around the pole expertly and slid down it until she was doing the splits in front of him. She crawled towards him and curled her finger in a come hither motion. Draco sat up and had to restrain himself from kissing her as she dipped her head down to his to kiss his cheek. She pulled up and teased him by undoing the first button on her vest. She eyed him coquettishly and he nodded. She slowly drug out every motion, undoing each button before throwing it across the stage. She danced in the middle of the stage and before he knew what to think her stockings were coming off with tortoise slow movements. There she stood, clad in only her bra, hat, knickers and heels, dancing without a care in the world. She spun around as she did her bra came off. Every time she turned Draco got an eyeful of her perfect, firm, sculpted arse. It was so bloody perfect he wanted to take a bite of it. When she finally turned around Draco stiffened to full mast. Her perky breasts were perfect as well. Salazar's saggy balls, does this woman have a flaw? Anywhere? He thought to himself as he watched her continue to dance. Maybe the muggles know what they're doing when it comes to these...establishments. Her nipples were caramel like the streaks in her hair, and they were so perky Draco just wanted to wrap his lips around them. He wanted to know her but he didn't know how much it would cost for a private dance. He noticed the song had a pop vibe to it as well as rock but he still didn't know it. He called over the ginger waitress. "Something you need handsome?" she asked, setting a fresh scotch on the table and sitting in his lap. "How much for a private dance?" he asked, his eyes not leaving the dancing girl onstage. "The dollar decides how far you can goooo..." She grabbed the pole and arched her back, leaning away from it. He felt himself twitch. Her hips swung in time with the music and Draco looked at the waitress still on his lap. "Each dancer sets their own price. When she gets finished with her feature I can ask for you." she said, pushing her large assets in his face. He nodded and kissed her cheek. "Sounds excellent darling, thank you." he responded smoothly. The girl nodded and left his lap. Draco relaxed in his seat again and discreetly rubbed his erection while watching her. She walked around the pole and then did a sort of glide Draco found it extremely sexy. As she came back around to face him, he found the fedora still covered her face. She dropped into a squat and wiggled her hips and she stood back up. Draco wanted nothing more than to hold firmly to those hips while she ground into his lap. As she did she pulled down her underwear slightly. Draco fished inside the pocket of his suit jacket and found a twenty pound note. He sat forward and placed it on the stage. Her eyes flashed towards him and a smirk worthy of Salazar Slytherin himself crawled up her face. She strutted over to it, swinging her hips with exaggeration. She bent down to pick up the note and their eyes met. He noticed again that they were amber and they struck him as painfully familiar but he couldn't place them. "Thank you." she said above the music. Draco about came in his trousers. Her voice sounded as if it was transfigured from silk itself. "My pleasure you statuesque goddess." he replied, holding her familiar eyes a moment longer. She placed the bill between her teeth, winked at Draco and then slowly slid her knickers off. Now completely nude, she dropped into a split and pulled herself up on the pole as the song came to an end. She stood, took a bow, collected her clothes and walked offstage. She looked at Draco again and walked back to their dressing room. The ginger waitress followed her. Draco waited patiently picking at his fingernails while some dancer danced to "Crazy Bitch" by BuckCherry. As the song ended the ginger waitress reappeared and walked over to him with determination. "She say's five million pounds." the ginger waitress stated flatly. Draco's eyes bugged slightly but he pulled out a muggle checkbook. He may be a wizard but his career provided him muggle business opportunities so he had copious amounts of muggle money. He handed the cheque to the ginger haired waitress and she walked away. As soon as she disappeared behind that curtain again his pulse went into overdrive. Surely she would say yes cuz he paid her offer but she could still say no . A few moments later the woman returned. She nodded at him and he stood. She took his hand and began to lead him to the private rooms. He walked behind her and discreetly watched her arse sway as the dancer's had. She stopped outside a black door and motioned for him to enter it. He did as bade and walked into the room. He looked around and it was nothing special really. There was a big, comfy armchair in it that reminded him of the ones at Hogwarts. He sat himself in it and waited for 'Amortentia' to come in. She finally entered and Draco was not disappointed. She wore a red dress that clung to her every curve before stopping just short of her womanhood. The vee neck plunged nearly to her navel and Draco got another glimpse at her perfect nipples and he hardened at the sight. Atop her head sat the black fedora. She looked him up and down and smirked to herself. She shut the door behind her and he watched her pull out a wand to cast a locking spell. Then she cast a spell to make music play. "So you are a witch then? I have to admit I wondered when I heard your stage name." Draco said, trying to catch her eye as she walked behind the chair he now sat in. Knowing she was a witch made him a mite nervous if he had to admit it. "Oh please Draco. Are you going to tell me you don't remember little ole me? We were classmates...at Hogwarts." she replied simply, her silky voice making Draco even harder. "What house?" he asked, stiffening his back against the chair. She laughed a melodious yet evil laugh. She leaned over the left arm of the chair and kissed his cheek. "Do you really think I'm going to make it easy for you? You're a brilliant man Draco… you can riddle this out." she whispered as she ran her fingers down his arm. He shivered. "We were in the same year?" he asked, not letting his eyes leave