(A/N: This story is in response to Paladeus Challenge 11: "The Fairy Queen's Personal Army". I've had the idea for a while and decided to work on it when I take a break from The Twisted Wand. Because I have received many reviews and PM's about it, the way Luna acts in the first few chapters will not be how she acts throughout the story. If you do not like the way she acts early on keep reading and see if the way she is acting by chapter 10 isn't better.) Disclaimer: My house belongs to the bank, my work belongs to my boss, Harry Potter belongs to JK Rowling and this disclaimer belongs to DerLaCroix. Tempest of the Fae Chapter One: Santa's last gifts 0-O-0 Hermione walked into the kitchen to find Harry Potter, her best friend and just about anything else you cared to name, tied to a chair and stripped to his boxers. He was glaring at the blonde who stood by the counter, a large bowl in her hands and a look of concentration on her face. Hermione sighed; it looked like it would be one of those days for her. "Luna dear, why did you tie up Harry?" "Do I really need a reason?" Luna asked with a quick glance up from her bowl. "I suppose not but I figure you have one anyways." Hermione grabbed a banana and began to peel it; she smirked at Harry as she did so. Luna must have silenced him as well because he only gave her a mock glare back. "Well, he didn't want to let me make pudding for breakfast. Clearly, he's gone insane and is only useful to us now for the sex." Luna said as she set the bowl down and began to search for another ingredient. "You mean he can't cook anymore either?" Hermione asked, trying to sound put out. They had found it was best to just play along with Luna when she became like this. Hopefully, in a few hours, she would be closer to normal. Luna paused. "No, he can still cook. Cooking and sex." Hermione ignored Harry as he made a noise of protest. "Sounds like one of your bad novels. You know he'll get you back when you release him." "Oh, I hope so." Luna shot Harry a seductive grin before she returned to the bowl. When the pudding was finished Luna released Harry. He summoned his clothes and quickly dressed. Then as Luna was about to take the first bite of her breakfast he waved his wand and the ropes that had bound him jumped up to wrap around her. Luna was pulled back against the chair, her bowl taunting her from the edge of the table. "Harry!" "Just a little revenge," Harry said as he turned to dig through the cold cupboard for the bacon. Luna began to rock back and forth, leaning forward on each attempt as far as she could. The bowl was just out of reach. Harry shot a sticking charm at the chair legs, Luna jerked as the chair's motion was suddenly stopped. Despite her best efforts it refused to budge. "Hermione!" "You brought it on yourself. Must you two play in the kitchen?" Hermione asked though she did enjoy their light-hearted games. They were a good distraction. Well, when Luna was just playing. The loss of her father had hit her hard and the blonde had never fully recovered. "Must we? Probably not, but why risk it." Harry began to make himself and Hermione a real breakfast. While Luna could survive on nothing but sweets the other two preferred a bit of real food now and then; and he defiantly wanted a full breakfast for what he had planned for the day. Hunting Death Eaters should never be undertaken on an empty stomach. 0-O-0 That evening Harry stepped into Potter Manor and collapsed onto a couch. He'd barely set down before Luna was on his lap curled against him. He and Hermione had agreed some time ago that Luna had to be part cat. Of course, that conversation had arisen from the fact that if they didn't find other things for her to do she'd spend time most nights running around, thankfully between the two of them they were able to distract her. Not that either of them really considered distracting her a burden, they enjoyed it too. Luna leaned up and kissed him. "How did it go?" "Not good, there were only new recruits out; no one worth going after," Harry said as he reached down and stroked Luna's hair. Normally she and Hermione would have gone with him to scout out Serpents Alley, England's new, and only, magical shopping district. However, both were still recovering from injuries received the previous month. "Maybe next time then," Luna mumbled into his chest. What neither would say was that it had been over a year since they had managed to take anyone important to Voldemort's operation. Hermione walked into the room, drying her hands on a towel. "Alright you two, up. Dinners ready." Harry's head jerked up and he looked questioningly at Luna. He loved them, he truly did but neither could cook. Luna's definition of edible, at least beyond sweets, was questionable. And Hermione just could not cook; make a complex potion with her eyes closed? Sure, she'd won a few bets doing that. Boil noodles? No sir. Luna smiled. "Take out." "Thank Merlin," Harry whispered. "Actually thank Dr. Lingling's Chinese takeout," Hermione said as she pulled Luna off of Harry, and then helped him up. 0-O-0 After dinner, Luna begged until they agreed to play Quibbler with her. It was based on a muggle trading card game she had found when they still lived in London. She painted magical images of creatures from her late father's magazine and assigned them health and attacks. Over the years she had expanded the game to several hundred cards in all. Of course, since she made the cards, in nearly every game they played she had some surprise for them. Luna had once tried to craft figurines for the game when that failed she had settled for small illusions tied to each card. Quibbler had proved a welcome distraction for them from the war and the winner's prize was nothing to sneeze at either. Actually, even the loser never complained about giving the winner their reward. Though Luna had been known to play dirty, such as removing her clothes in strictly non-strip games. After that time Luna had begun to make her cards impervious to liquids. As they sat at the table Luna pulled out her newest deck. "Normal strip rules? An article of clothing for every hundred points lost then favors?" "That depends," Hermione said as she gave Luna a critical eye. "How many clothes are you wearing?" The first time Luna had suggested strip Quibbler Hermione was convinced it was because she was wearing a different amount of clothes than them, well she was, it had just turned out to be less. To this day they had never finished a game of strip Quibbler. "I'm wearing the necessities," Luna said when Hermione raised a questioning eyebrow she elaborated. "Necessities for other people; I know how much you two like to drag it out." "All right," Hermione said. Luck was with Harry and he drew his Snorkark early into the game. Within three rounds Hermione had lost her socks, Luna had lost her socks and earrings. Harry had almost gotten Hermione's shirt off as well but she'd been saved by one of 'Fudge's old time Goblin Pies'. Then on Luna's next turn she drew her card and began her evil laugh. It would have put any muggle super villain to shame and fit right in on a Saturday morning cartoon. "The game is mine, I play, Santa!" She threw the card onto the table, and a cloud of soot rolled out of the chimney. Instantly Harry, Hermione, and Luna had their wands out. The three wands were trained on the opening of the fireplace as something moved within the chimney. The fireplace wasn't connected to the floo; in fact, it was warded against such travel. It wouldn't even expand enough to let someone through, instead, it was supposed to contract. Still, as they watched the opening seemed to grow and a pair of black boots appeared. They kicked as whoever they were attached to struggled to free themselves. Suddenly the fireplace yawned open as a short round thing rolled out. Honestly, its appearance reminded Harry of a young Dudley, at least in weight. The white bread ruined that image though. The red suit was a bit confusing as well, not good for sneaking around in. Hermione let out an exasperated sigh. "Luna I know you want to make your cards more realistic but honestly, give us a warning or something?" "That one isn't mine. This one is mine." Luna said as she gestured down to the three inch tall Santa on the table next to her card that appeared to be flexing. "But that means..." Hermione started, she never got to finish as Luna pounced on the intruder. "Hey now, ow, I'm still attached to that, no, ow." The figure said as Luna finally claimed the bag that had rolled out after him and jumped back. Hermione looked between Luna and the intruder. "Luna?" "It's all right, it's just Santa," Luna said as she began to struggle with the thick knot holding the bag closed. "But you said…" Hermione started again. "I said he wasn't mine. He's the real Santa." Luna explained absently, most of her attention of the bag as her tongue stuck out in concentration. "And you're the real Luna, no one else is ever rude enough to tackle me and steal my bag like that. Really I thought you would have learned after last time." Santa said as he stood and dusted himself off. "Last time?" Harry questioned. He kept his wand raised but relaxed his aim. Luna pouted. "Santa was mean to me." "Was not! At twelve she somehow managed to get the drop on me, literally. She was crouching on the mantel when I arrived; only a few children in the world can even see me so I was understandably surprised. Then she tried to crawl into my bag!" Santa said. "I was trying to get my presents and a ride to the North Pole. I had it all planned out too, Butterbeer for the reindeer so they'd take me to your secret workshop. I'd charm Mrs. Claus, bribe the elves with cookies and promise vacations to the yetis." Luna explained. "Have you ever sent a yeti on vacation? It's not easy. Last time they went to Florida and now they have a whole legend around them, call 'em Sunk Apes or something. A few of them partied too hard and passed out in the swamp." Santa retorted. "Well, there was no need for you to curse me afterward," Luna said with all the dignity of a five-year-old. "It wasn't that bad." Santa waved off her complaint. "Not that bad! I couldn't play in the snow for the rest of winter! It all melted as soon as I touched it! Daddy thought I had caught Jamaican fever." Luna said. Harry and Hermione traded glances, each wondering if they'd been potioned. This couldn't be real, even with Luna. Finally, Luna succeeded in opening the bag but pouted when she realized the only thing inside was a rolled up parchment. "Where are the gifts?" "What powers my bag?" Santa asked patiently. "Fairy magic of course," Luna replied. "Exactly, so if it is empty that means?" Santa prompted. Luna took a step back and began to shake, immediately Harry pulled her to him. "But, but then that means…" "Sadly yes. Fairy magic is all but gone." Santa's solemn voice rang hollow with regret. "Will someone explain what's going on?" Hermione demanded. "Yes,