BLACK SUN SUPERNOVA A post-Breaking Dawn, Twilight fanfiction, written by 'Whimsical Darcy'. Disclaimer: I do not own the 'Twilight' series or any of the respective characters created by the wonderful Stephanie Meyer. This is merely a work of fanfiction written by a devoted fan, who can't get enough of vampires and shapeshifters and romance. I also do not own the sng lyrics in this chapter: "We'll Meet Again" (composed and written by Ross Parker and Hughie Charles) and "Halfway to Heaven" (by The Morning Benders / POP ETC). A.N. Hello readers, and welcome to the first chapter of 'Black Sun Supernova'. Please note that this fanfic incorporates elements from both the books and the films, and will be written solely from Renesmee's POV. Also, as the rating suggests, the story will (eventually) contain mature themes. Depending on how things turn out by the end of the story, I may or may not return to it from Jacob's POV. But that's skipping waaaay ahead... For now, though I have a vague idea of where I want this version of the story to go, I'm a very organic writer, so even I don't how how the final chapter will read yet. I do however, very much intend to upload a finished fanfic that I can be proud of. I've never published any Twilight fanfiction before, but I've written loads of unfinished musings ever since I fell in love with the books and the movies over ten years ago. I recently re-watched the entire film series (thank you Netflix!) and realised that to this day, the two characters I still want to re-visit are Jacob and Nessie. Breaking Dawn ends with their story just beginning really, and I'm still keeping my fingers crossed for Meyer to write the official version of how their lives develop together. For now though, hopefully my imagination will fill an empty gap. Most importantly, hopefully you'll enjoy reading this journey as much as I enjoy writing it. I'm a sucker for rarely sharing my writing, so all I can ask from you in return, is to please be constructive if you're going to flame. So without further ado... Chapter 1: "To the Forks that I know" So will you please say "Hello", to the folks that I know; Tell them I won't be long. Dame Vera Lynn's vintage voice crackled from an antique Gramophone of rich mahogany and bronze, which had been gifted to me on my 4th Birthday. By human standards, that means I'd been 10 years old, even though I was already re-working my way through Shakespeare's plays and sonnets. Grandpa Carlisle said that the record player had been salvaged from the nineteen-thirties, but I think he'd paid a decent sum of money to have it restored to its current, perfectly functioning state. Upon unwrapping the birthday present, I remember transcending from being absolutely amazed and elated, to feeling incredibly sad. Can you image how many lives this one, single object had lived through? I had suddenly wished that I had the power to re-live memories by touching objects, and ultimately, it made me sad to think that those memories were now lost to the passage of time. Dad had held me then, and told me that there are memories in music too, if you listen hard enough. I guess you could say that my fascination with sounds from a bygone era officially sparked from that day forth. I'd listened to this particular song a dozen times before, but today, it provided a melancholy soundtrack to my bitter-sour mood. I may not be quite so antique as the gramophone, but I'm certainly an 'original' teenager. Much like the somewhat out of place object that garnished the corner of my square bedroom, I had spent the whole seven years of my life – well, that is to say, almost seven years; never quite feeling as though I fit in with the rest of the world's décor. My family liked to tell me that the feeling was mutual, because they didn't fit in either. The thing is, as much as I tried to be 'one of them', I was always perpetually caught between two worlds: Vampire, and Human. They'll be happy to know, that as you saw me go; I was singing this song. With a heavy sigh, I broke my stony silence to meticulously study the various google maps displayed in separate window tabs on my laptop screen. My gaze following the Calawah River as it cut through the small township known as 'Forks' on its path towards the endless forest. The Olympic forest had been my birthplace and, despite my many global 'study vacations' as dad and grandpa liked to call them; it had been the one and only true home I'd ever known. We'll meet again, don't know where, don't know when; But I know we'll meet again some sunny day. This was the part of the song where Dame Vera Lynn was wrong. It would be a long, long time until the Cullens would be welcome in Forks again, or Washington at all, for that matter. According to Grandpa Carlisle, the undeniable patriarch of the family, it would be a good hundred or so years before we could ever return to our preferred home. His hospital co-workers had been questioning his flawlessly un-ageing complexion since before my mom had been turned, so the 'healthy lifestyle' excuses was like saying pigs could fly. Carlisle had looked amazingly good when he was 'almost touching forty', so you can imagine what they thought now that he'd finally celebrated the big 4-0. There was no way he was just using anti-ageing creams. Hello big-city plastic surgery, bye-bye small-town integrity. To the youngest member of the household, aka me, it was just further proof that being physically frozen in time for all eternity isn't always all it's cracked up to be. Eventually, you have to make yourself disappear, and become nothing more than a memory. Keep smiling through, just like you always do; 'Til the blue skies, drive the dark clouds far away. My mother's gift of chocolate brown eyes shifted to the next map on the screen, and I felt my nose involuntarily scrunch like I just caught a bad odor, as I recalled everything Carlisle had said about 'Randolph County, West Virginia'. He'd called a family meeting about a week ago, and carefully broken the 'good news' to me using very carefully selected words. I realised then that I was the only family member who didn't already know what Carlisle was gearing up to say. Even Jake hadn't managed to convince me that this was the first time he was hearing about the scenic rivers and waterfalls; the caverns to explore and plenty of forests full of wild game for hunting, not to mention tall mountains to scale. Just like I'd done a week ago, when I first found out where we'd be relocating to; I matched Carlisle's words to the places on the map he'd referred to, like the Tygart Valley River, the Monongahela National Forest and the Allegheny Mountain. I'd get to see for myself just how amazing the views where in exactly six days from today, when we moved right on the edge of a small town called 'Mill Creek'. Population: 716, and counting. It sounded to me like the prime location of a 1970's horror film, so a guess a family of supernatural beings would be right at home. Our residence there was so far deemed to be 'indefinite', and Carlisle said the last time he'd visited was roughly 2-300 years ago. It would be 'just like Forks, but a lot smaller and with a little less rain', he'd said. In other words, it wouldn't be like Forks at all. "Great." I'd said, in what had probably been the driest tone of all time. Carlisle had stressed how we all knew we'd have to leave Forks eventually, but that didn't mean I was happy or ready for that time to be now . "It all sounds… great. So I guess I should start packing then." I think they all knew that I was struggling with the whole concept of leaving Forks for good, and in their own way, everyone had tried to be supportive over the chaotic days that followed as we organised the move. Alice took the time to tell me about Elkins, which was the main city of the county, and dad had chipped in to tell me we'd be just in time for the 'Heritage music festival' filled with sounds from Old Time, Blue Grass and Cajun to name but a few. Rosalie and Esme said they'd help me redecorate my room, and were planning to set up their own interior design business. Meanwhile, Jasper and Emmett were pretty 'stoked' about all the bears waiting to be wrestled with for dinner. Finally, mom had been biting her lip over the prospect of eventually studying at the liberal arts college in Elkins. All in all, there was something there for everyone. I was just yet to get excited over whatever was waiting there for me. "Well, well… if it isn't Grandma Nessie." The familiar, slightly gruff voice of my best friend suddenly cut through the bellowing 1930's chorus, and instantly tore my gaze away from the glare of my laptop screen. My door was wide open, which pretty much meant that I was happy for anyone to disturb me, so he hadn't bothered to knock. My gaze settled on him, trying not to greedily linger on the blue and white baseball t-shirt that hugged his innately muscular torso like a second skin. At around 6'5", Jacob cuts a pretty imposing figure. Even when he's oh-so-casually leaning against my doorframe, like he's done countless times before. I thought that as I grew taller, he'd stop being so huge. I'm now 5'11" tall but still waiting for the other part to happen. If Rosalie was here, she'd no doubt be commenting on smelling his dog stench from a mile off. To me though, he smells… earthy ; like redwood and pine and solid oak and… maple . He just permanently carries the scent of nature with him, along with the occasional musk that I liked to call 'man-smell', otherwise known as damp socks and sweaty armpits. I didn't mind though, and man-smell or no, so long as my mind was elsewhere, he could still occasionally sneak up on me like he just had. Jacob doesn't just smell nice. He's like… the sunlight too. Seriously, I could already feel his comforting warmth reaching out to me. Then he flashed me his trademark, toothy grin, and I felt myself shudder. Not because I was cold – I'm never cold around Jacob. It's just, that expression of his, combined with his overall aura and being; it has the annoying power to disarm me at the worst of times; like when I should be retorting with something clever and witty, rather than gazing up at him in my blank stupor. "You gonna let Nessie come outside and play, or you gonna sit in your rocking chair all evening?" There was supposed to be a late summer storm brewing, which was the perfect excuse for Vampire baseball. It was also potentially the last game of baseball we'd be playing in Forks. As I glanced out the window though, all I saw were overcast skies in varying shades of grey. In other words, it was the usual Forks skyline with a chance of a summer monsoon. "Are you sure there's a storm coming?" Smiling back at him, I folded my arms under my modest chest, which hadn't grown past a B cup. I often wished I could be a little more curvier but, at least I wasn't totally flat. "I think your wolf senses are acting up." His smile broadened a notch. "Oh I can't wait for you to eat those words." Wrinkling his nose then at the bad