UPDATE ON HOLLOW HEARTS! Hey guys, a lot of you have been asking me to update, HH though I haven't really gotten around to it for 2 reasons: 1, My parents bought me The Sims 3 and I am so addicted! And 2, this one-shot! It's pretty long, and it was inspired by my gameplay on Sims 3 university. Hopefully you guys can forgive me, and hopefully, I'll be able to update HH in 2 days. "Mother, how long until we arrive at the college?" I ask. My mom, Bellona, was driving me to new beginnings at the so-called 'best' University there is to offer. My sister Hylla, has been currently attending this school for 2 years. Right now, this is my first year, as my sister is taking her third year. She is actually supposed to be in this car with us, though she got free Summer Housing included in our father's donation. It's probably the only thing he could contribute that we will accept. "We're here!" Mom announced with joy. I look through my window, and saw the beautiful campus. The grass was a freshly evergreen color, and it surrounded a mystical, ancient-looking fountain. The main education building, along with the houses are all styled with a Greco-Roman structure. Once my mom parked her car, I exited the vehicle. "Do you have everything?" She asked. "I've got everything planned mother. The moving truck has already dropped off my stuff in the house. I will contact you tomorrow." I reply. With that, I hugged her through the open window, and in minutes, she left. I take a look around the students, and everyone seemed so different. There are the sophisticated, the educated, the wild ones, the class clowns, the athletic, and much more. I take a look at my map, and found the Roman House. Hylla suggested I should take a house, since dorm-rooms are apparently obnoxious when there is such small space along with a wild-card room-mate. Suddenly, a blunt force hit my back. I started losing my balance, until a hand caught my arm. "That was a close one!" He said. The guy is tall, and has dark hair that makes his green eyes stand out. He pulls me up, and I regain my balance. "Thank you..." I say awkwardly. He shoved his hands in his pocket, as I just try to read him. Seems like a typical college guy. I'd say in a top fraternity, probably taken, and perhaps a modest athlete? "Um, I'm Percy." Percy introduced. "Reyna." I simply reply. I take a look at the information papers I printed out. Unfortunately, it didn't list my house mates. I would want to ask Percy if he is in the Roman House, though I feel like it would give the wrong impression. I looked up from my papers, and found Percy trying to peek at what I was reading. "Oh, you're in the Roman House! I'm in the Greek House, although I have a friend who is the R.A. in yours. His name is Jason." How did he see that? That information was clearly located on the bottom of the page. Sharp eye I guess. "I see. Well, is he responsible." I ask. Percy slanted his hand, gesturing "Eh." "The two of us had a 'competitive' start, though we're cool now. Hey, if you need help any more help, feel free to ask me." I nodded, and with that, he walked away to a girl with blonde princess curls. Girlfriend. ... "Jason, Jacob, GRACE!" Gwen shrieked. God, I wonder what the problem is now with the drama queen. "What do you want Standall?!" I shouted back at her as I run frantically up the stairs. I only got here 10 minutes ago, and it's unbelievable that she has a problem during the first 10 minutes of college. No wonder the rest of the RAs chose something other than this house. Once I reached Gwen, she was soaking with strawberry milk. I couldn't help, but laugh. As a reward, Gwen shot daggers at me. "This. Is. Not. FUNNY! First 10 minutes, and I'm already assaulted by our double trouble!" She let out a frustrated sigh, as I heard uncontained laughter at the floor above. I climb up the stairs, and the chuckling stopped as my arms were folded on my chest. "Seriously guys? I am finally the RA. You can still prank people in this household, though keep it to a minimum, and don't make it so messy!" I commanded. Dakota and Bobby, looked at the hard wood floor, and glumly nodded. A loud knock sounded from the front door, and just as I turned to tell Dakota and Bobby that they need to clean up their mess first, they were already at the bottom floor. ... I knock 3 times on the door once again. No one answered, although I heard very loud footsteps going down some wood stairs. I stood at the front door patiently, until the door flung open. Two boys were leaning on the door frame, though both of them failed miserably at looking cool. They both ended up falling down, and it revealed another person behind them. Tall, muscular, blonde, and...mesmerizing blue eyes. I shook my head a bit, and tried to look at the guy in the eye without getting lost. I am here to learn, not to be with boys. Hopefully this household contains another proper female. The blonde boy, was soon shoved before he was able to greet him, causing him to fall ontop of the other two boys who fell down. Apparently the person who shoved him, was actually a girl. She had brown hair, and some pretty fit muscles, but why does she smell like strawberry milk? "Hello there new girl. I'm Gwendolyn, though call me Gwen or else I'll rip your throat out." She said with such a charismatic tone. I awkwardly shook her hand, and then pointed at the boys. Gwen quickly realized my question. "Well these boys are the dumb, dumber, and dumbest. Also known as Dakota, Bobby, and Jason." Jason. The RA. I think it's the guy who Gwen shoved. "Well I am going to bring you to your room, while these idiots struggle to untangle themselves from each other's limbs. Once again, I am Gwen, who should be the rightful RA in this house. Your recommendation to the Council will be grandly appreciated." Gwen said while taking my wrist, and bringing me up the stairs. When we came to a stop at the end of the corridor in the second floor, Gwen pointed at my room which was next to Gwen's room. "There is a bathroom in between our rooms, so just keep that in mind before you decide to go inside there without any fabric covering your womanhood. If you need anything else, I'm just a bathroom away." And soon after, Gwen left my room. The movers already put my furniture inside. My bed, dresser, side table, desk, basically everything was already setup! It's only Saturday, my classes start at Monday. I should probably spend these 48 hours to explore campus. Hylla is also trying to convince me to join a sorority. The possibilities have expanded. ... I shot death glares at Dakota and Bobby. Not only have they embarrassed me in front of our new female housemate, they also could've gotten my RA title stripped from me if a Council member saw the incident. "Look, if you think you screwed up so bad at your first impression, then just go upstairs and do a do-over." Gwen suggested as she walked into the den. I rolled my eyes at her. "Maybe I wouldn't have to do a do-over, if somebody didn't push me!" I retort. Gwen grinned at my anger. "Stop acting like a child. Can't a girl get over excited when the only other female in this house, arrives?" I sigh. Gwen has a point, though I know the real reason why she shoved me. In RA training, the Council said that they can only accept one first-year RA. Gwen and I were the only two, and it became a battle. Fortunately, I won. Unfortunately, she lives in my house, and she is going to stop at nothing to get my position. I finally stood up from our comfortable purple couch, brushed away any dust on my shirt, and then headed to Reyna's room. As I reached the second floor, I heard a lullaby being hummed. It was coming from the new girl's room. When I walked closer to the doorway, I saw a glimpse of Reyna folding her clothes, and neatly placing it in her dresser. I slightly tapped the cracked open door, and the humming came to a stop. Reyna opened the door and her hair which was in a one-sided braid earlier, turned into a messy bun, that just emphasized the cute dorkiness of her lazy yet comfortable outfit. She was wearing a baggy violet sweater, along with denim shorts and converse. Before I could even let a word out, Reyna spoke. "Are you here to fall in front of a door again?" She asked. So much for forgetting the first impression. "No, um. Just giving an official greeting from the RA...Welcome to the Roman House?" I quickly added. Reyna just raised an eyebrow at me, with an unamused look. "You have no idea what you're doing here, do you?" "Nope." She popped a small grin after my response. "Maybe that Gwen girl should be the rightful RA in this house. Seems to me that you are clueless of what your responsibilities are in this household." Reyna then started closing the door, and I knew I had to save my image in her eyes. "Uhh, You look beautiful." I blurt out. Idiot. "What?" She asked with an irritated attitude. I was going to explain myself, though Reyna started talking before me. "Look, flattery isn't going to get you anywhere in the real world. Sure, it could give you a couple of shots, though you'll still have an empty-mind of what to do. Also, if you were flirting with me, I came here for education, not for dating. Besides, I would rather date someone who actually knows and takes care of their responsibilities." Immediately after that, the door slammed in my face. Just do a do-over, they said. It'll go fine, they said. ... I wonder how I even handled that. Keeping eye-contact with that boy is very difficult. I put away the last of my clothes, and take a look at my room. Everything was in it's place, and there was no jumbled up mess. I'll go wander around Campus for a bit I guess. My hands grab my phone, and I quickly run downstairs. When I got to the first floor, I found my housemates all relaxing in the lounge. The first person to notice me was of course Jason. I dismiss his glances at me, and hurry out the door as soon as possible. I was able to get out, though in my first two steps, the sound of someone clearing their throat was occurring behind me. "Where exactly are you going?" Jason asked with a raised eyebrow. I took a deep breath, and then turned around. "It's none of your business." I retort. Jason just smirked. "As RA of your household It kinda is my business." God, of all the times he actually knows how to do his job. "Fine. I'm going to explore campus, and I would like to do it alone." I turned back around to head on my way, though Jason quickly ran in front of me. "I will accompany you then." I glared at his response. "No thank you. You are the last person I want to spend the rest of the day with."Jason put a hand on his heart and had a dramatic expression on his face that meant, 'Hurtful!' "Ouch. Someone is not exactly a college socialite." He