Stephenie Meyer owns Twilight. I'm borrowing her characters, dressing them up in MARPAT, and giving them some guns. For those of you reading OPERATION: Break the Dawn , you might remember some hints being given about a specific operation in 2007 that brought the team together. You also might remember some things Edward said to Bella after he'd interrogated and shot Colonel Laurent. This "extra" provides a little glimpse into some of what happened in 2007. A little bit of back-story, if you will. Any warnings given in the main story (see Ch1) certainly apply here. Approach carefully if you're squeamish. Scooterstale , as always, did her beta magic. MISSION: Ghost Early February, 2007 Somewhere Deep in the Safēd Kōh (White Mountains) Afghanistan "What is your name?" Edward didn't answer. Instead, ignoring the bearded man in the off-white lungee, the captain kept his eyes glued to the dirt floor, took a slow, even breath, and fought against the wave of nauseating pain that came when his chest expanded. It was a losing battle, however, as he knew it would eventually be, and after a few more agonizing breaths, Edward's forearms flexed in involuntary response. The moment he shifted, the coarse rope binding his wrists slipped, and a second man on the other end of the pulley – another tribesman, but this one barely twenty – tugged out the slack, yanking Edward up to his toes, stretching his arms toward the ceiling until his left shoulder popped with a sickening crunch. Hands behind his back, his interrogator slowly paced a faded red and black patterned rug, waiting until Edward's breathing turned to harsh, shallow pants. He nodded once to the younger man holding the rope, and the tension vanished. As Edward's knees hit the ground, the man repeated his question in heavily accented English, "What is your name?" "Last name, You," Edward rasped, bent in half at the waist. Glancing up for the first time, he glared at the Taliban elder in open disgust and spat. "First name, Fuck." The elder's eyes flitted back to the younger man, and with no other warning than that, the rope pulled taut, jerking Edward off his knees and back to his toes. There was another grating pop! in his left shoulder, and for a split-second, the world went black. When his eyes opened again, spots of color danced across Edward's vision, but in his periphery, he still caught the reflection of torch light off a thin rivulet of scarlet racing down his bare arm from where the rope bit through his skin at his wrists. "Let's try this a different way, shall we?" The interrogator resumed his slow pacing, eerily calm despite the damage being inflicted on the Marine before him. "Your shirt had two bars on its collar when you were captured. You are a captain in the United States Marine Corps, correct?" He paused. "You may nod if speaking is too difficult." Edward gritted his teeth. "Yes, I am." He coughed up something metallic, and the room spun. "So that's Captain Fuck You to you." A third man that Edward hadn't realized was there stepped forward, and he instantly recognized him as the tall, wild-eyed militant who'd delivered the hard, booted kicks to his ribs when they'd finally taken him down in the canyon. Now, this same one smiled a row of crooked teeth that promised nothing but more of the same. Before he made it to Edward, the older man waved him off with a harsh command in Pashto that Edward only half understood. "You Jarheads, I think they call you… such belligerence," the elder mused, swapping back to English as he stroked his pepper-gray, wiry beard. After a moment of consideration, he turned and reached over to a simple, handmade wooden table positioned against the adjacent wall of the carved out mountain cave. On it were a dozen sharp metal implements that made Edward want to vomit. When the elder turned back, in his hand, a thin, jagged blade gleamed bright. "We'll get to your name in a moment. For now, Captain, tell me how many men were with you." Despite the penetrating cold of the cave and the fact that he'd been stripped down to only his utility pants, fat beads of sweat rolled down Edward's forehead, dripping into his eyes. Twisting his neck, he wiped his face on his bicep. "None," he said. The forked tip of the scaling knife touched bare skin between the cracked ribs of his left side. "You're lying to me. I do not like liars." "No, I'm not." Edward flinched when the blade began to part his flesh, and when he looked up, he stared into a pair of shrewd black eyes that he knew he couldn't fool. But he lied anyway, because there was no way in hell he'd give up that information. "I was alone." Edward's Adam's apple bobbed. "Out for a stroll. You know… taking a little hike through the mountains. Getting some fresh ai–" Late February, 2007 Somewhere Deep in the Safēd Kōh (White Mountains) Afghanistan It was sometime before dawn when Edward woke. He knew it only because the mouth of the corridor that led from his small chamber – a space not much larger than the closet in his bedroom back in Vienna – to the other, larger chambers in the network was still pitch black. It was quiet, too, with only the muted hum of the distant diesel generators reverberating through the cold stone floor beneath his back. Without permission, as it always happened when he was alone, a dozen faces flashed through Edward's mind, a never-ending circuit of people he knew he'd never see again. The Marines he'd known for years and led into these godforsaken mountains. The only family he had left – Carlisle and his caramel-haired Aunt Esme with her subtle smile and slight stature. When the soft voice of the aunt he called his second mother started gently speaking in his ear, reciting the books they'd read together when he was six, alone and afraid of the dark, Edward slammed his mind shut. Gingerly placing his palm over the maze of wet, seeping wounds to his abdomen he'd earned over the past few weeks – gashes and gouges that wouldn't heal because they weren't allowed to – Edward attempted to sit up. Mid-way, as his muscles contracted, hot, razor-sharp pain shot up his spine, searching out every part of him that still functioned. " Fuck! " he gritted out, collapsing back to the ground, sucking down lungfuls of stale, pungent air spiked with diesel exhaust. As his torso expanded, fresh trickles of warm wet slid down his sides, no doubt further staining the thin, ragged, mite-ridden pallet they called a bed. The other wounds – the burns across his back, the fractures, the multitude of purple-black bruises that covered his body and went bone-deep – were now just dull background noise to the viciousness of the slashes and stab wounds that the elder seemed to favor when he refused to cooperate. Blindly – out of will more than anything – the captain reached to his left, skimming the floor until his fingers found a small, pointed rock at the base of the wall. His fingertips crawled up the wall, pausing on each small, quarter-inch long tick. " Thirteen, fourteen, fifteen," he counted, finally stopping when he hit twenty. "Twenty days…" Eyes watering, Edward swallowed as he picked up the rock to mark yet another day in hell. "God, if you're listening, please help me…" His fingers trembled and his head fell back, popping against the floor. "Or just kill me… Have mercy and let me get it over with." Late March, 2007 Somewhere Deep in the Safēd Kōh (White Mountains) Afghanistan "Bring Captain Cullen." A pair of young, olive-skinned twenty-somethings, both in a mix of traditional Pashtun dress and secondhand camouflage, hauled Edward up by the armpits, uncaring of the barely-healing injuries that split back open and gushed fresh blood when he moved. When his head lolled against a thin, bony shoulder, Edward's eyelids fluttered against the light. "Put him there," the interrogator said, pointing to a narrow, olive drab canvas cot in the center of the room. The block, white Cyrillic script still littering the center said the thing was as old as Edward. Edward hit the canvas hard. Working up enough saliva to speak, he stared at the cool, unperturbed elder who settled into the chair beside the cot. "Seen Osama lately?" he slurred, as the man produced a slim glass syringe filled with the clear, viscous liquid that made Edward's skin burn. When the needle punched into the blue vein inside his elbow, the captain didn't even wince. "While it does feel a bit like cheating, you're much more forthcoming this way," the elder explained, as though they hadn't done this already before. "You're less of, as you like to say, an asshole, as well." Edward's eyes rolled. "Fuck you." The man chuckled, and the sound of it was like razor blades slicing across Edward's nerves. "I like that you still have some spirit, Captain. You are more interesting than others I've encountered. You're resilient. A tough nut to crack, if you will. I like challenges." "Good luck with that." Edward's eyes narrowed. "Maybe if you'd give me a name, I'd be more willing to talk. You finally got mine after all." The interrogator folded his hands in his lap. "You may call me Teacher." "How about goat fucker?" Although Edward had his suspicions that he'd somehow stumbled onto Mister Pain himself, the current Minister of Intelligence. The man's angular jaw ticked, which as far as Edward was concerned was a win, but all he said was, "As I said, you have spirit. I respect that." As the chemical surged through his body, fire lit through his limbs and his gut churned. A minute or maybe a day went by, Edward wasn't sure, but then abruptly, his muscles locked. With a gentleness that repulsed, the elder or Minister or whoever he was rolled him to his side, just in time for him to expel the thin, foul-tasting broth he'd just gulped down to the floor. "How do you feel?" Another violent spasm hit Edward's gut, forcing a hard shiver through his limbs. Fighting the nausea, counting silently back from ten, he stared up at the stone ceiling, following the dark striations that cut through the soft beige. "Just peachy, Teachy. May I have another?" Mouth curving at the corners, the elder didn't address his sarcasm, but instead changed direction. "You speak in your sleep. Did you know this, Captain?" Weak, but still with enough strength to turn his knuckles white, Edward's fists tightened around the edges of the cot. "Nope. Guess I do now. Good thing I'm boring." "For instance, last night, you conversed with your father." Increasingly sluggish and dizzy from the heavy cocktail of barbiturates, Edward's head tilted to the right toward his interrogator, but his eyes overshot and landed past him on the now-familiar table of metal implements. Licking his lips, dry and cracked from dehydration, the captain spoke before he even realized it. "He's dead." The man's bushy eyebrows lifted. Edward shifted back toward the ceiling, trying to make sense of a pattern that really wasn't there. A familiar set of bright green eyes, set in a blurred, indistinct face and framed by dark coppery hair stared back at him. "Died when I was 15," he said after a moment. His fist curled tighter around the cot's frame. "Killed in action." When the man didn't speak, instead urging him on with a minute nod, Edward's lips began to move again. "He was a major. Was doing a unadvertised recovery op in the Balkans during the war." "What about your mother?" the interrogator asked, as Edward felt something tacky being spread across one of the long, fresher gashes along his side. Something hot prickled his skin,