I have a friend who had a birthday on the 26 th ….she wanted some Draco / Hermione, so I pulled this off my hard drive and dusted it off. It's kind of based on Taming of the Shrew...with a modern dramione twist of course. I will warn that the updates will be slow…I'm finishing a long fic, editing my next real-life book, and I just got a new ghost-writing job! (yay). But I do promise that it will get done. And Happy Birthday G! The Taming of the Ferret Chapter One: Narcissa Malfoy paced around her husband's office as his eyes followed her. He kept himself rigidly erect but he drank his firewhiskey with a speed that belied any pretence of ease. The fire glowed green for a moment, and both Malfoys looked at their visitor. Hermione Granger cleaned her robes with a quick flick of her wand and raised an eyebrow at Lucius. "Please sit down Miss Granger." "I'd rather stand." Narcissa sighed and glared at her husband. Lucius nodded. "Whatever makes you feel most at home Miss Granger." Hermione rolled her eyes at both of them. "Your letter said that you had information that could help me get my Centaur Rights Bill passed…" Lucius nodded and motioned his wife to the other chair. Narcissa sat down. He looked up at the young witch who was his only remaining hope. "I can do a great deal more than that Miss Granger. I can guarantee that your law will be on the books by next week if you will help our family out of a difficulty…" He saw her eyes narrow. "Nothing illegal I assure you, Narcissa and I are simply trying to break a very old curse and we have very little time left to do it." Hermione looked somewhat appeased. "What kind of curse?" Narcissa sighed. "One that comes from my family line I'm afraid. We had no idea that it would follow the bloodline after the Black surname was lost with Sirius…" Lucius frowned. "The Blacks cursed their offspring with an age limit on marriage. If they don't marry by age twenty-five they sicken and die." Narcissa flicked her wand at the wine decanter and a glass floated to her hand. "Draco is dying." DMHG Narcissa watched the younger woman turn pale. "We need someone to marry him, today, this very hour, and since Eighth year you've been his closest friend." Hermione's jaw dropped. Lucius sighed. "I know this seems odd, but Sirius Black found a loophole…he married a girl and they parted after living together for a year and a day. According to Andromeda he never touched the girl. All the spell requires is a legal marriage. " Narcissa took Hermione's hand. "Do this for him and I will give you anything that's in my power to give…" Lucius continued. "With the Malfoy name behind you'll be able get legislation through that would never get a second glance. As my daughter-in-law, you'd have the ear of Wizards who would never give a Muggle-born the time of day…and no matter what happens our family will always support your efforts." Hermione held up her hands in a stopping motion. "What does Draco say about all of this?" She looked around the room, as if she expected him to come strolling in. Lucius put his hand on Narcissa's as she stifled a sob as she explained. "He says he won't do it. We found out a month ago, and I started throwing him together with pure-bloods and half-bloods. He didn't take it well." Lucius frowned. "You mean he threw a temper tantrum. He dumped a cake over one young lady's head. He transfigured that other one's bracelet into handcuffs. Then the stupid boy went to his house in Wiltshire and hexed all the windows and doors closed and warded the floo. He wouldn't talk to anyone, quit his job at the Auror office by owl…" Hermione nodded. "I heard about that…Harry was worried, but Draco said he just needed some time to think. He sent me an owl and mentioned that you were pushing him to wed and that he was hiding out for the foreseeable future." Narcissa laughed and for a moment she sounded like her crazy sister, Bellatrix. "He was just pushing everyone away before…" It turned into another tearless sob half-way through her sentence. Lucius continued. "We finally had a house elf crawl into a box of deliveries from his grocery story the day before his birthday…when we got him back, he was delirious with fever. Narcissa and I have tried everything at our disposal for the past three days…but this is the only thing that can save him." Hermione frowned. "Can I talk to him?" Narcissa stood. "I'll take you to see him, but he hasn't been conscious for 48 hours." Draco was lying in his room, his face gaunt and pale with a fine sheen of sweat across his brow. An elf was bathing his forehead with a cold rag. "Is there any change?" The elf turned his rather aristocratic head. "No change Mistress. The young Master doesn't even mumble in his sleep." Hermione couldn't help herself. She went to him and knelt by the bed. "Draco…Draco can you hear me?" No response. She turned to Narcissa with fire in her eyes. "How are we going to get married if he's not even conscious?" In the end, their 'marriage' was signed into being in the study under the rather nervous eye of a Ministry official. The little man kept looking at Hermione, as if trying to discern the presence of an Imperious curse. Once the contract was signed the two…no three…Malfoys breathed a sigh of relief. Hermione looked up at her new father-in-law. "How is what we just did even legally binding?" Lucius smirked. "You forget, our laws are geared largely toward perpetuating the pure bloodlines. Draco is technically living under our roof and unable to sign contracts at the moment, therefore his power of attorney was automatically transferred to me as the head of household…and now to you, as his wife…of course since the curse has been lifted, you won't have that power more than a moment or two…" "I just hope Draco doesn't hate me." Narcissa nodded. "It is my hope that he'll eventually forgive us all. One of the requirements of the spell is that you live under the same roof for the year. I'll get you a set of guest rooms here, but you and Draco can arrange something as far as housing goes…" Lucius tied a series of letters to no less than six owls that were waiting. "Your Centaur Rights bill will be brought up for a vote tomorrow. I've called in enough favors to get it through." Hermione sighed. That wasn't really how she'd wanted to get her legislation passed. "Well, isn't this cozy…." A snide voice from the doorway drew her attention to Draco's skeletal form. She went to him without thought. "Draco…" Her friend did not meet her with a welcoming smile. "What did they offer you? I would have thought that you of all people couldn't be bought, but I suppose that everyone has their price…should I assume my dowry is being paid in rare books…?" Hermione grinned and hit his arm, lightly. "Wish I'd thought to demand that…" Draco didn't grin back. "Why couldn't you respect my decision, just this once?" He was glaring at his parents. Hermione was the one who answered. "Because you were being stupid." Draco turned back to Hermione. "I didn't want this." She put one hand on her hip. "Don't be such a drama queen. So you have to have me as a roommate for the next year and a day? It isn't a fate worse than death." "Says you." He snarled and turned to his parents. "That's what you told her? That this was just for a year?" Narcissa sighed in frustration. "That's all it has to be Draco." Draco smirked. "Did she know about the bonding spell on the parchment?" Hermione narrowed her eyes at her new in-laws. "What. Bonding. Spell?" Narcissa snapped. "The one that allows the two of you to have a sham of a marriage instead of the kind where I get grandchildren out of this business." She glared at her son. "It's a very mild bonding, the kind that was required at a marriage when the curse was set." Draco's glare was pure venom. "And tell her the rest mother. Tell her how she can divorce me after a year and a day…but the bond is to death till us part…" Narcissa slammed her glass of wine down on the fine wood of her husband's desk. "That bond is a small price to pay for your life Draco. The two of you will always be close, will always feel each other's pain and pleasure…but it doesn't force anything on you that you didn't already have. You've been friends for years." "We were friends, of our own free will. How is she supposed to move on after the divorce…do you think a new husband will feel comfortable with me knowing her inner moods…or knowing every time they make love? Oh don't flinch mother, you and father did this after all." Lucius pulled his wife closer. "You could have picked someone Draco. You had the chance. There were any number of girls who would have been happy to marry you." Draco snorted. "You mean they would have been happy to marry the family vault." Lucius acknowledged that fact with a single raised brow. "You left us with very little time and few options to save your life. I had hoped that you would see this choice as something of a departure for your mother and I…when we had to make a choice to save your life, we chose someone who makes you happy." Draco looked ready to argue but Hermione stepped in. "And for my part, I'm rather annoyed that you didn't tell me any of this yourself." Draco turned on her. "That would be a cheerful conversation…Oh yeah by the way, my pure blood status has once again risen up to bite me in the ass and I'll be dead by the end of the month…and you know what would have happened if I'd told you. You'd be in this exact same position…" "Except you wouldn't have gotten so ill before we arrived at it. See, you really should have just told me and saved everyone the trouble of dragging you off your deathbed." Draco's eyes widened and his body seemed to go slack. "I'm too tired to argue with you. I'm getting a shower and going to bed. I assume Mother, that you've found my new wife a suite of rooms?" Narcissa nodded and an exceptionally angry Draco stalked off (the effect was somewhat offset by the slight wobble as he tried to climb the stair.). Lucius sighed. "I suppose that went as well as could be expected…" Hermione was toweling her hair when she heard Draco knock lightly at the door to her 'rooms' (which were actually larger than her rented flat). She supposed the new bond was responsible for knowing it was him. "Come in." He was wearing black pajamas. He shrugged when he noticed that she'd noticed. "Mother threatened to hex me if I put on real clothing. She thinks I took a sleeping draught." Hermione frowned at him. "You should have taken it Draco, you look like hell." He sighed. "I will take it, later. But I needed to apologize to you. You did exactly what my parents knew you would do, rushing in and saving me without thought for yourself." She rolled her eyes as he sat down on her bed. "You are an idiot. I'm your friend. Of course I'm going to try to save you if I can. Even if I'd known about the bond I would have done it." He turned over and