Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or its characters. That honor goes to Stephanie Meyer. This story just popped into my head and wouldn't leave so I decided to write it all out in hopes that thoughts about it would stop popping up while I was trying to write more of my other story, Blind Love. I am pretty sure this will end up being three insanely long chapters so bear with me, please. Thanks! Hope you enjoy it! Chapter 1: Volterra I am an idiot. That is the only explanation for why I am here now, once again putting my life on the line. There was a time when I would have rushed right in, no care as to whether or not I would make it out alive. Now, however, all I can think about is how stupid I am for listening to her and getting myself into yet another situation where death is almost a certainty. Even as I push through the crowd of people wearing red cloaks to get to him, I am wishing for a dark private alley and blowtorch to use on his ass. And then I saw him, at the base of the clock tower just as she , Alice, said he would be. The selfish, suicidal fucker is going to get us all killed. "Edward!" I screamed, throwing myself at his concrete body. "There you are!" In a lower tone, so only he - and every other vampire in the square, if there are any - could hear. "Get your soon to be sparkling ass back into the shadows Edward!" "Bella?" Edward said dazedly. "You can't be here. You're dead." "So dead people have pulses now-days," I rolled my eyes, sarcasm practically dripping from my tone. "Good to know." "Bella!" Edward wrapped his arms around me - ugh, really! - and pulled into the relative safety of the clock tower. "You're alive! How?!" "Fucking pixie doesn't know shit," I muttered, struggling to get out of my ex's tightening grip. "And Rosalie is a total bimbo. I was cliff diving you moron!" "You're alive," Edward murmured, rubbing his cheek against the top of my head, his grasp not relaxing once. "You're alive!" "Let me go Edward!" I ordered, continuing to struggle. "Fuck!" I swore as his arms tightened again, no doubt bruising my already sore ribs. First CPR from an adolescent werewolf and now this? I seriously don't think my bones can take much more pounding before they crumble...or that's how it feels anyway. "Feisty for a human," a heavily accented voice said nonchalantly from the shadows. What?! It's dark in here, and it's not like I have vamp-vision or something. Come to think of it, why didn't Edward - or Fuckward, as I have taken to calling him in my head - hear these two coming? So much for superior vampire senses. Humph! "Dibs." Did whoever it is just call dibs on me? Really? I guess I should be flattered but all I feel is pissed. "Hey, not cool, Dem," said a deep baritone resonated. "I saw her first." Are they toddlers? Why do I feel like these two would get along really well with Jake and the boys? Maybe I'll introduce them, if I don't die that is. Meanwhile, Fuckward, in all his infinite wisdom - note the sarcasm - constricted his clasp on my ribs further, this time I actually hear the bones crack. "Edward," I choked out. "Let...go." Suddenly he drops to the floor shrieking, clutching his head. Oops. Did I break him? Hell, his screeching is annoying. I look towards the new comers, taking a few breaths, relishing the feeling of air flowing into my oxygen starved lungs. Given that two of the three vamps are not-so-gentle giants that must have been body-builders in their human lives, you would think I'd feel intimidated or scared but nope, not even a dash of fear. Just morbid curiosity. I look at the third cloaked figure and smile a little, she is a cute little blonde girl, no more than thirteen physically, and she is currently glaring at Fuckward. Guess I wasn't the one to break him...too bad. "Find something funny human?" The girl hisses, her crimson eyes glaring holes in my chest. The two giants had moved around me at vampire speed and now held a groaning Edward by the arms. "No," I shook my head sadly. "It is just that you were turned so young...it must be hard on you. And you dropped Fuckward with just a look...that was pretty awesome - been wishing to do that myself for a while." "Umm...I suppose," the girl blinked, a confused expression forming on her face as she rose from her crouch. "Come, the kings wish to see you." While the girl and I were talking one or both of the Goliaths wrapped Edward in chains and now the vampire named Dem - probably a short form, but hey, its a name - had the bronze haired bozo lugged over his shoulder. Fuckward was sputtering indignantly, yelling at the giant to put him down. He finally got so irritating that the girl, whose name I learned was Jane, shoved some sort of metallic ball-gag into his mouth, effectively shutting him up. I wonder if I could get one of those...maybe it would work on Jacob? Nah...he'd probably just turn into a wolf and swallow it whole. When we came to an uncovered duct Jane jumped in first, followed by Dem and Edward who was still reenacting a sack of potatoes. "Grab on human," the second giant, the one with the baritone that sent shivers up and down my spine, whispered into my ear. "If you do not wish to be treated the same as your...mate." I did as he said, not bothering to correct him about Fuckward's and my relationship. I winced as the movement pulled on my injured ribs. We landed softly, surprisingly so for such a huge being, and he let go quick, as though I was on fire. I wonder if I smell bad or something...I did just arrive from an 18 hour plane trip so I guess it's possible that I don't smell too fresh. "Come," Jane nodded to the shiny metal doors I hadn't noticed before. We boarded the elevator and the doors closed, entrapping me with four bloodthirsty vampires; brilliant idea, that. If the vampires don't kill me, the annoying elevator music playing just might. After what seemed to be hours - I know it was only a few seconds but you can't really blamed me for embellishing...have YOU ever been in trapped in a box with several beings that would love nothing more than to drain you of every drop of your blood? No, I thought not - the doors opened once more and I tumbled into what looked to be a receiving area, the vampires following more leisurely after me. " I fratelli sono stati in attesa per il vostro arrivo, Mistress Jane ," the human receptionist grinned, waving us towards the heavy wood doors. I wonder if I should let them know I speak Italian? Nah. [The brothers have been waiting on your arrival, Mistress Jane.] "So the Volturi hires human help...huh," I said, trying to wrap my mind around the concept. "You going to change her?" "Maybe," Dem shrugged, gosling the vampire-burrito on his shoulder. "Or she'll be dessert," Jane smirked evilly. I think that she was trying to scare me but I just wanted to offer her a lolly-pop. I get that I am screwed in the head but with my life, who wouldn't be? Instead, I copied Dem and shrugged, acting like I didn't care, because, really, I don't. Edward and his family had broken me beyond repair - or that's what Jake said when I left Forks with Alice, turning him down for the umpteenth time. "M-un-ses!" Edward mumbled around the metallic ball-gag. I really want to know where they got it - seriously, it was totally handy! "Shut it Fuckward," I said, tucking my thumbs into the pockets of my skinny jeans. "It's your fault we're here in the first place." The five of us moved into the throne room where I spotted Alice standing off to the side. Dem dumped Edward onto the floor beside me and Alice rushed to his side, ripping at the chains binding his limbs. I watched them, eyes narrowed, hoping that the bindings wouldn't be easy to remove. Unfortunately they were and Edward bounced up, racing to my side, wrapping his arm around my shoulders in a possessive manner. "Let me go Edward," I growled, attempting to move out of his grasp. What is with this guy?! Leaves me for six months and now he is all clingy? I don't think so! "Why love?" he blinks, then smiles, the same smile he used to dazzle me back when we were together. "If I'm right, the reason we're here is because you, in your infinite idiocy, tried to get yourself killed via the vampire kings," I started slowly, not looking at the other vampires in the room. I realize that I am making a spectacle but as I don't expect to make it out of here alive, the least I can do is expose how utterly mindless this cretin is. "I thought you were dead, love," Edward sad trying to get his hands on me again but I backed away a few steps. "I can't live in a world without you in it." "Carlisle once told me that Lord Aro had the ability to read every thought you have ever had in a single touch," I continued, glancing at the dais where three male vampires were seated, before returning my eyes Edward and Alice. "Is that true?" "Yes, it is!" The middle one chirped cheerily. I recognized him as Aro from the painting in Carlisle's study. His long brown hair and widow's peak enhanced the blood-red of his eyes. He was handsome, in a way, but not really my type. "Let me guess, Edward. You let Lord Aro over there to read you to convince him to kill you, right?" "He did," the second of the kings, Marcus, said, in a bored tone. Now him, he is hot - slightly rugged with curly black hair and a five o'clock shadow. "In that case, Edward, you not only exposed yourself as a law breaker but also your family. Do you not care for the other Cullens at all?" "How do you know about the law?" Edward stammered, ignoring my question. I rolled my eyes in response. "I'm not stupid, Eddie, that's how." I shrugged and continued, "Plus, if there is one thing every vampire movie in ever made got right, it is the need to keep humans ignorant of your existence. That is, if you don't want to end up in labs or annihilated or something." "A smart human," one of the vampires grumbled. "Who knew?" "You didn't answer my question, Edward. Why would you expose Carlisle, Esme, Emmett, Jasper, Rosalie and Alice to the Volturi's censure just to get yourself killed. There are easier ways you know. And how about my family and friends? Did you think about them at all? Or how about the people you were going to expose yourself to hmm?" "You were dead," Edward muttered. "I just wanted to die." "No," I examined Fuckward, an idea popping into my head as I gasped, looking between Edward and Alice with horror. "Holy shit." "What?" A voice carried down from the dais, the member of the Volturi royalty making himself known. I didn't look at the kings, refusing to move my eyes off my ex-boyfriend and so-called best-friend. "Out with it girl." "Did you two plan it all?" I asked sadly, adrenaline exhausted, the pain in my side rolling off me in waves. "Why? Why would you do all this just to make sure I died? And that the others went down