"Be careful my love, or you shall catch flies." Eowyn jolted, spinning around and clutching the soft linen blankets she had just been taking to the healing halls. Faramir's eyes were twinkling as he fixed her with a steady gaze. To her relief, he was not judgemental, nor was he offended at the object of her attentions. The blankets that she held would have been in the healing wards minutes before (altogether nearly half an hour if she was inclined to be honest with herself) had she not come across the sight which lay before her. The war had been won at Sauron's gates, and the fighters had been afforded a generous respite within the walls of the White City before their long journeys home. However, many had caught only snatches of sleep here and there. Whether this be down to black dreams wrought from the lingering imprints of shadow, was each man's own business; yet it was clear all were determined to help repair the City. Though it would be weeks before the proper reconstruction would begin, all were giving a helping hand in clearing away rubble and debris, and building temporary housing for those who had lost their homes in the siege. After the third day, even the hardiest of warriors had been forced to retire for a full day's rest. Eomer, Faramir and Gimli had eaten and slept most of that day away, only to rise to eat again, and fall into their beds soon after. Aragorn had soon followed their example, handing the smaller of his duties (as he had not seen his coronation yet) to a handful of good, honest Lords of the House with his approval, and after filling his belly, he had slept all day and all night. But the sun had brought a new day, and there was still one from among the hardiest warriors who had yet to take his rest by dawn. Though not one to admit such things, Eowyn had always held the elven companion of Aragorn and Gimli with an awestruck respect, which had only been cemented when she had witnessed his skills in battle, and of course the manner in which he had dealt with their horses in Rohan. She had been stunned when Arod – a notoriously temperamental mount who required much mastery – had borne a new and alien creature, without saddle or reigns, and moreso when the horse had sought out its new master after Theoden had been recovered from Saruman's grasp. She had watched Legolas whisper a strange tongue into Arod's ear, smiling sweetly into the horse's mane, and send him easily back to the stables. Whilst Gondor was being steadily cleared, like the others Legolas had flitted to wherever he was needed; between the healing halls and clearing great sections of the crumbled wall, consoling scarred warriors, and even she had heard many maidens tell, saving a young girl's stuffed toy – the only memento left of her destroyed home – from a particularly high tree. Yet unlike his friends, Legolas had not stopped. He had not slept at all from what she knew, and she had seen him eat on a very rare occasion, only joining Aragorn and Gimli with a handful of berries and a small slice of bread, scampering off before anyone else had finished. So if she were to be fully honest, the sight before her didn't surprise her at all. She had entered the small hall, always full of activity, and after a moment of getting her bearings (not quite sure which direction the healing halls were again), she had noticed the general noise was somewhat dimmed, though not absent. One sound in particular which caught her ear, was the tittering of a small group of women to her right. They hid their smiles behind their hands and gazed across the hall. Thinking they were being cruel – perhaps about another woman's skirts – she had given them a sharp look and they had hurried off. But when she had looked again, she had seen how mistaken she was. On a cushioned bench, lay a lithe figure with a golden head. So tall was he, that his legs, from the knee down, dangled gracefully over the arm of the bench. At the other end, his fair head rested on a slender hand, the other arm cast above his head and over the arm in mimickery of his legs. His face was in full view, unobscured by any falling strands of his hair. And Eowyn was struck. Though the feelings that had been stirred by Faramir were strong and permanent, she was no fool. She was a woman, and thusly more than willing enough to concede to the devastating beauty of this elf. His skin, so much paler than hers, out-shone the snow of last winter, whilst his hair she was sure would strike the sun with jealously. And his face was so...beautiful. With his eyes closed she could see his lashes glitter against prominent yet delicate cheekbones. His lips were slack with sleep, and parted only so slightly. They were as the opening leaves of the rosebud, and perfectly pink. Yet one could not look at him and called him feminine. The lines of his arms and shoulders, and the obvious strength in his legs dispelled any such notion the men - of Rohan and Gondor alike – had been inclined to make about one of the fair folk. And this was how Faramir found her. Staring like a child. "I- Faramir, I -", she had stammered, flustered and embarrassed. But the man had only laughed lowly and taken her hand. "Fear not, Eowyn. If my only competition is an elf, then I can only be grateful that I am held in such high esteem in your affections," he teased. Her cheeks coloured prettily and she smiled, priding herself on meeting his eyes, and not glancing to the floor like she had seen several other ridiculous females do when they were around a man they admired. "I mean nothing by it, my Lord Faramir," she murmured. "But...just look at him." Faramir laughed. "Aye it is easy to be struck by the First-born I think. Throughout the city I've seen people openly looking at him with such awe. We are not alone in our admirations I think, Lady Eowyn. Though he must be exhausted." "Aye indeed. I had believed elves to be deeply private creatures, and here he sleeps in the open." "True, but more than that dear lady, he sleeps with his eyes closed." Eowyn furrowed her brow and narrowed her eyes at Faramir, sure he was making a joke at her expense. As her lips formed a thin line, Faramir's grinned in response as he chuckled again, and held the flat of his palms up in surrender. "Peace, shieldmaiden!" he smiled. "I do not try to confuse you. Do you not know?" "I shall if you tell me," she replied, arms crossing her chest. "It was your dear brother that told me." Eowyn arched her brow at this. "That elves sleep with their eyes open. He was recalling his travels with the three hunters, of a time when our elf gave the men quite a fright. I asked Lord Aragorn about it and sure enough he confirmed it. For an elf's eyes to be closed in sleep, means that they must be very tired indeed." Eowyn's expression changed from stern, to amused, to concerned throughout Faramir's account, and by its end, was clutching onto her blankets again. "Aye of course he is!" she hissed. "The poor thing has been running around after everyone scarce taking any heed of his own needs." She unfurled a blanket, hurling the rest of the bundle into Faramir's arms and scurried forward. Gently, so as not to wake him, Eowyn placed a blanket around Legolas's middle, carefully tucking it into place so as to block out any drafts that swept through the hall. As she patted him affectionately, she heard a gravelly chuckle that was distinctly not Faramir's. She looked up to find Gandalf the Wizard laughing at her antics. "Though you intentions commend you my dear," he said. "They are wholly unnecessary. Elves feel the cold a lot less keenly than the rest of us. Why, on Caradhras, he gallavanted about in his tunic and boots whilst the rest of us shivered under heavy furs!" Eowyn did her best to hide her blush and walked back to where Gandalf and Faramir stood together, which only served to make the old Istari chuckle harder. "But do not be embarrassed, Lady Eowyn. You would not be the only one who has felt compelled to look after the greenleaf. He seems to inspire motherly concern in almost all those he comes across. Shall I tell you the story of his first meeting with the Lady Arwen?" "Lord Aragorn's betrothed?" she asked as she took the wizard's arm, and together with Faramir they left the hall. "Aye the very same. Though this was a very long time ago, before Aragorn, or yourself, or even your great great great grandfathers were born!" He laughed at their surprise. "Do not ask me his age. Elves count time differently and I'm not sure which you would understand better. Best ask the leaf yourself if you feel so inclined. Now, as I was saying. Legolas was but a child on his first visit to Rivendell, even in the eyes of man. He was only just learning his speech if I remember the story correctly, and very unsteady on his legs," Gandalf laughed. "Arwen herself was a little older, though not by much. She could talk fairly well and had long since learned the skills of walking, though running was more her sport. She was what you would see as little more than a toddler. Perhaps six years to men. Her father and mother, the Lord Elrond and Lady Celebrian, had taken Arwen and her two older brothers, Elrohir and Elladan, into their study one afternoon, to explain that in a few days, a very important visiting delegation from Lasgalen would be arriving, and with it would come the King and Queen with their new elfling. Now, relationships between Rivendell and Lasgalen, though generally good, have been the most tried and tested of all the elven realms in recent times, and so the visit would cement the peace and goodwill between them that had prevailed for the last century. Elrond and his wife impressed upon their children how imperative it was that they be on their absolute best behaviour, and they had all promised quite solemnly to do so. The day of the visit arrived, and the family, and all other elven Lords and Ladies gathered to welcome their visitors. At the head of the group of elves, was the elvenking, Thranduil Oropherion, and soon behind him followed his wife, Queen Liniel, though she was without an armful of child, as everyone expected." "Where was the child? And what does this have to do with Legolas meeting Arwen?" asked Eowyn, becoming impatient with the Wizard's way of storytelling. "I am coming to that my lady. As Thranduil dismounted, he greeted Elrond and his family in the usual fashion. As he bowed, young Arwen noticed something mightily unusual about the form of his back. She looked up to her mother to ask the question, but a soft shake of the head kept her silence, and when the King greeted Arwen herself, she was perfectly polite and didn't mention a thing. However, then her father asked; 'My good king Thranduil, Queen Liniel, it does me good to see you again mellyn-nin. But I do believe there is still an introduction to be made. Tell me, where is the princeling? This House desires to greet and welcome him always, to Imladris.' Arwen was very excited at this, as she had never seen another elfling before. She was the youngest in Imladris you