A/N: I do not own Lord of the rings, not one 'lil bit, I do own Evelyn though. Estel in elvish means hope. Brunwethiel means faith. Enjoy! (I've tweaked the story line a little, so the first chapter has been rewritten so to speak, and has had things added to it.) -\-\-\-\-\-\- Evelyn waded through the tall crops of the Shire, although she was no hobbit. She was in fact half an elf but she had been sent to find a young hobbit named Frodo Baggins by request of Gandalf the grey, to help him on his journey to Bree. She came to a halt as her heightened senses picked up a soft rumbling coming towards her. Evelyn knew in her gut that whatever it was that is wasn't evil, but she no longer trusted anyone, so she drew her sword from her belt and held it defensively infront of her. The rustling grew louder until four very small figures came crashing through the long crops and tumbled carelessly to the floor in a big heap at Evelyn's feet. "I'm sorry!" a hobbit with dark hair shouted getting to his feet and dusting down his cape, holding his hand out for her to shake. "Its okay" she smiled taking his hand and shook it out of kind gesture. The hobbits looked at her for a moment as she was not dressed in what women usually dressed in. Her dark chestnut hair was pulled back into a simple braid, showing off her pale cheeks that were scattered with many small scars. She wore knee high boots, with black leggings, and a grey tunic with a black leather corset over the top, their eyes widening at the sword she had strapped to her belt. The sword itself seemed to have an evil glow to it, one that even made one of the hobbits wince and quickly check his pocket. "Miss, are you an elf?" one of the halflings asked. "Pip! Don't be rude you haven't even given her your name" a light haired hobbit hit who she presumed to be Pip over the head, "Sorry about him he was never one for manners, I'm Merry Brandybuck and this is Peregrin Took, over there is Sam Wise Gamgee and that is Frodo Baggins" he said pointing to each of them. She chuckled as she helped Sam to his feet, "I'm Evelyn, and it's a pleasure to meet you all, and to answer Pip's question I'm only a half elf" she said pointing out her rounded ears, instead of pointed ones like elves usually had. "Well you're certainly as beautiful as an elf" Frodo smiled up at her, but despite his smile, she could tell his face held a darkened expression, which she could only put down as to whatever it was Gandalf had told the young hobbit. "Thank you Master Frodo, and I'm glad I have run into you, for you see Gandalf sent me to protect you on your journey to Bree as I was already in the area" she explained as they started walking through the crops again. "Gandalf sent you?" Frodo's eyes lit up. "He did indeed" she laughed lightly at his reaction. They heard a dog bark in the distance and shouting and turned to see a farmer's tool being held high above the crops and a deep threatening voice shouting after the group. "It's farmer Cotton's; run!" Pippin shouted sprinting away with the others following quickly behind although Evelyn didn't really have to try for to keep up with them. Evelyn quickly over took them and came to an abrupt stop at a small hill edge, and held her arms out catching Frodo, Sam and Merry before they fell off, but as Pippin came hurdling towards them it was enough force to send them all toppling over the edge, rolling until they ended up in a heap at the bottom, covered in dirt and golden leaves. "Is everyone okay?" Evelyn asked helping Frodo to his feet. "We're fine Miss" Sam replied taking her hand to help himself up. "Please just call me Evelyn" she laughed as Merry and Pippin lunged to pick some mushrooms growing at the bottom of a tree. Frodo walked over to the road they were now on and felt a chill down his spine and he could have sworn that it was shrinking. "We shouldn't be on the road" Evelyn spoke quietly as she walked to where Frodo was now standing, and saw the familiar scene of what was about to occur. "Get off the road!" Frodo yelled as they all heard a loud and terrifying screech. The four hobbits all hid quickly under a giant root of a tree, all huddled closely in the hope of remaining hidden, while Evelyn hid behind a nearby tree listening out for the thing which pursued them. She quietly drew her darkened blade and held her breath as a Nazgul dismounted its black shire horse and stood over the hobbits hiding place. Evelyn quickly peeked from the tree and felt a sharp pain tear its way through her shoulder which threatened to scorch her arm if the dark figure came any closer. She could have sworn it knew that the hobbits hid below the tree but before she could think Sam had grabbed a bag of mushrooms and threw it in the opposite direction making the Nazgul flee. "Come we must go!" Evelyn said urgently running from her hiding place. "Frodo, that thing was looking for something, or someone?" Merry asked raising an eyebrow. "I must go to Bree" he pleaded silently with his eyes, showing the seriousness of the situation he was in with his desperate gaze. "Then you should take the Ferry, it's the quickest way follow me" Pippin shouted sprinting into the forest with the rest following quickly behind. As they ran as fast as they could, and just as a small wooden ferry came into view, a group of dark hooded figures rode swiftly towards them, gaining on them with each stride there horses took. Evelyn knew the hobbits would stand no chance out running the ringwraiths so she turned round facing the riders before shouting, "Go! I will stall them!" Evelyn again drew her blade and blocked a hit from one of the riders, trying desperately to ignore the searing pain that the hooded figures caused in her shoulder. As she battled with one of the ringwraiths, she did not see the other come up behind her and cut her forearm. She turned around and shoved the Nazgul as hard as she could and sprinted after the hobbits that were now on the ferry while re sheathing her sword. Evelyn took a running jump and gracefully landed on the wooden ferry next to the terrified hobbits. "Evelyn you are hurt!" Pippin exclaimed pointing at the deep cut on her arm that was starting to soak the sleeve of her tunic with blood. "It's nothing, are you all okay?" she asked covering the wound with her hand so the others couldn't see it. "I think we're all fine" Sam spoke, "what were those things?" he asked watching the figures retreat into the dead of night. "They are Sauron's nine riders, all were once men who received a powerful ring which corrupted them, and moulded them into Sauron's servants" Evelyn answered in a pained voice as she too watched the figures retreat into the darkness. After an hour on the lake which the group spent in a comfortable silence, they finally made their destination and walked to the gates of Bree where Frodo knocked loudly on heavy wood of the door. A small window opened on the door as the gate keeper poked his head through, "What business do four hobbits and a woman have in Bree?" "We need a place to stay, our business is our own" Frodo replied calmly. "Calm down, I just have to ask these questions when it be this time of the evening, you don't know what dangerous folk walk the streets at this time" the gate keeper replied opening the gate for the group to walk through. They walked through what looked like a ghost town. All the shops were closed and an eerie shadow lingered around the whole street as they walked to the pub with the sign of a unicorn and the words 'Prancing pony' arched over it. "We're here with Gandalf" Frodo told the book keeper at the front of the pub. "I don't know a Gandalf" the man replied scratching his head in confusion. "Err; he's quite tall, dresses in grey, long beard, pointy hat?" Evelyn described in the hope that it might jog the man's memory. "Oh yeah! I know him, Gandalf the Grey! Yeah, he hasn't been here in over six months" he nodded checking his books. "Six months!" Sam shouted, "I thought he was going to meet us here" "He was" Frodo said disheartened. "I'm sure Gandalf has good reason for not meeting you here" Evelyn said reassuringly, "Gandalf always keeps his word unless it's of life or death situation, now go get a table while I book a room for us" she pushed the hobbits over towards the table area. "Can I get you Sir's a pint?" a bartender asked walking up to their table. "What's a pint?" Pippin whispered to Merry. "I don't know" he whispered back, "But we'll have five!" he told the man. When he returned several minutes later with the beverages, Merry and Pippin's eyes widened at the sheer size of the drinks, it was nothing like the drinks they had back at the Shire. They downed it in minutes and walked back to the bar to order more, where as Frodo and Sam sat there slowly sipping their pints, and staring at the man hidden in the shadows a few tables away from them. "Who do you suppose that is?" Sam asked. "I don't know, excuse me!" Frodo grabbed the bartender attention, "Who is that man over there?" he pointed towards him. "He's a ranger, been coming in the past few nights, and likes to go by the name Strider. Eerie sort of bloke if you ask me, best not to talk to him" he replied and walked over to another table. "That's him over there!" Merry said rather loudly to a group of men, "Frodo Baggins, comes from the Shire" Frodo stood up immediately and went to run over and stop the blabbering fools when he got knocked over by another person making him crash to the floor, the ring flying out of his grasp and up to the air, but as he went to catch it, it slid onto his finger making him disappear entirely before the whole pub. People around him all gasped, but quickly went back to what they were doing choosing to ignore the strange phenomenon. Within seconds of Frodo taking the ring off his finger a strong hand grabbed his shoulder and pulled him to his feet. "That is no ordinary trinket" the ranger said before pulling him towards the stairs, "No one must know you here" "Sam where's Frodo!" Evelyn panicked when she came over to the table and only seeing three hobbits. "A ranger took him up them stairs just now!" Sam said worriedly. "Come we must get him" she said running up the stairs and drawing her sword not knowing who the ranger was. She barged through the door at the top holding her sword tightly, "What have you done with Frodo, and I swear to Valar if you've harmed him you will wish you were never born" she said darkly gripping her blackened sword tighter. The man turned around slowly holding his hands up in a surrender position but as soon as she saw his face she dropped her weapon and gasped covering her mouth with both hands as her eyes widened in surprise. "Estel?" she asked shocked. He too seemed equally surprised with a