Annabeth POV I met her when I was 7. We moved into the house next door. On that day I met my best friend. Thalia Grace was rough around the edges but she was my best friend. 7 Years ago. Thalia-Annabeth-7-Jason-6-Percy-12 ! "Annabeth come help unpack." My step-mom, Helen yelled. "Okay" We just moved from Virginia to California. My name is Annabeth Chase and I am 7 years old. I live with my father, step-mom, and twin step-brothers. I went to unpack my new room. It is painted a light purple, with a light green bedspread. My step-mom, Helen, helped me pick it out. It took us 2 days to fully unpack the entire house. We were currently eating a late lunch when the doorbell rang. "I'll get it." Helen announced. She went to get the door. Then called back to us, "Guys come meet the neighbors." We walked to the door, well Dad and I did, Bobby and Matthew ran. We went to the door. "Hello, I am Helen Chase this is my husband Fredrick and daughter Annabeth, these are the twins, Bobby and Matthew." Helen introduced. "Why don't you come on in." "Alright." They followed us into the living room. "My name is Callie Grace, this is Zeus my husband, Thalia our daughter, and Jason our son." Callie explained. "Mom what about Percy, you can't forget him." The girl, Thalia explained. "Sorry, their cousin Percy usually stays with us. His home life is not the greatest." "I am sorry to hear that. He must be very happy to have you as a family." "I hope so, he doesn't talk much." "How old are you? I am 7." Thalia asked me. "I am 7 too. Do you want to go to my room?" "Okay" she followed me upstairs. "This is my room." "It's cool." "Thanks." "How old are your brothers?" "They are 2." "Cool. Jason's 6 and Percy's 12." "Cool. Were is Percy?" I asked her. "With his dad. He usually stays with us but Uncle P has him since he is off." "What about his mom?" "She used to live in New York with her husband Gabe. But he went to jail and she was declared unstable to take care of him. So he came to live with his dad in Kansas. But Uncle P, is in the military so when he isn't here Percy stays with us." "Thats sad." "Yeah but he's cool." "Does he go to school here?" "When he's here, but he is staying with his dad and probably won't be back until March." "Okay" !back-to-the-Now!Thalia-Annabeth-14-Jason-13-Percy-19! That is how I met my best friend. I didn't meet Percy until the next year, his dad wasn't deployed until the following August. Thalia and I were then 8, Jason was 7, and Percy was 13. I went over to Thalia's and met him. !6-years-from-then!Thalia-Annabeth-8-Jason-7-Percy-13! "Hey Annabeth you want to come over today?" Thalia asked me while in my driveway playing with sidewalk chalk. "Sure, but let me ask Helen." She nodded and I went inside to ask. Of course she let me. So I went back outside and we walked over to Thalia's. We went upstairs to Thalia's room and there was this loud rock music playing. Thalia walked down stairs to the basement, over to the door that was always closed, well since I have met Thalia. The source of the music. She banged on the door and yelled through it since it was locked, "Turn the music down I can't hear!" She yelled. Then the door opened and revealed a boy with wild black hair, and bright green eyes. "What?" "Turn the music down. Annabeth is over and it's too loud." "Whatever." He went back inside and turned the music on again, not turning it down. "I'll tell Mom if you don't." Thalia threatened. The boy then yelled back through the closed door. "Go, tattle to her, she's not my mom." "Fine! I will." We then went back downstairs to tell Mrs. Grace. "Mom, Percy has his music way too loud and I asked him to turn it down and he won't. He also said that you're not his mom again." "Okay, I'll handle it. But to be clear I am not his mom." "Yeah but you should be." She smiled then we went back upstairs. "Sorry. That's Percy, you know my cousin, his dad was deployed again and he came back here, he is usually really nice but when his Dad leaves he can get grumpy for a while." "That is okay. I am sure I would be like that if my dad left. But I would stay with my step-mom, why doesn't he go with his mom?" "She is in jail. He hasn't seen her since he was 5. He's 13 now." "Wow. anyway what do you want to do?" We played until dinner then Mrs. Grace called for us to come and eat. We went downstairs and joined, Mrs. Grace, Mr. Grace, and Jason. "Where is Percy?" Mr. Grace asked. "He wouldn't leave his room. I told him I would bring his food up to him later." Mrs. Grace explained. "When will he come out? Is it going to take 2 months again like last time?" Jason asked. "I hope not buddy. But we will have to see. I think it gets harder for him each time." Mrs. Grace told. We continued eating until we were full. Then Thalia and I went back upstairs, but Jason followed us. "Jason go away!" Thalia yelled at him. "No, I want someone to play with and Percy won't let me come in and he won't come out." "Then let's go talk to him he needs to be around people." They got up and walked down stairs to Percy's room. Thalia knocked on the door. "What?" He called. "Percy let us in." "No" "Please? I want you to meet Annabeth." "No!" "Come on we will do what you want." "No Thalia go away!" "No, we are coming in whether you like it or not!" Thalia ran back to her room and got a lock pick and started to pick the lock on his door. She got it open and we went inside. He was laying on his bed and was on a computer emailing someone. "Who ya emailing?" Thalia pressed. "No one! I told you not to come in! Don't you listen?" he yelled. "Yeah but I didn't want to. Plus Jason wants someone to play with and your a boy." "Go away!" he yelled once more. "Fine!" I yelled back. "Sorry he's not usually like that. It's just that his dad was deployed again. And he got news that his mom is getting out of jail soon and wants Percy to come back to live with her, so he has to think. Is what mom and dad say. "Oh it's fine." We continued playing until I had to go back home. School started the next week. So I have all my stuff ready and I am excited to go to 2nd grade. !THE-NEXT-WEEK-START-OF-SCHOOL! Today was the first day of school. I met Thalia by the bus stop with Jason and Percy. "Hi guys!" I greeted. "Hey Annabeth" Thalia started, "Who is you teacher this year I forgot to ask you. Mine is Mrs. Jones" "Cool mine is too, who is yours?" I asked Jason. "Mr. Jacobs. Percy yours?" Jason answered. "I'm in middle school we don't have one teacher." Percy said in a grumpy voice. "Sorry he still isn't happy." Thalia whispered to me. "It's fine." We continued waiting. Finally the bus pulled up Percy was the first to get on and The bus driver greeted him. "Hey Percy good to see you! How long you staying this time?" Joe asked (aka the bus driver.) "Good, you? I don't know exactly but they think he will be back around Christmas. So a short deployment, But then he has to go back 3 months after that. So who knows I might stay here or go back home with him." Percy explained. "Well you know we are all here for ya. Good seeing you." Then Percy got on the bus and we followed. Thalia and I got a seat together, Jason sat with his friend Leo, and Percy sat in a seat alone. "Is Percy going back with his dad after Christmas?" I asked Thalia, I still didn't know him well but I felt like he was my older brother. "Well we aren't sure. Uncle P, his dad, said he might be back for Christmas and Percy is counting on it. But sometimes things get changed. One time he was to be back in Spring but he got deployed somewhere else and didn't get back till winter. Percy was bummed. Like last year Uncle P was supposed to go back in March but it got pushed back to August. It's hard on Percy but he won't let anyone know that." Thalia explained. "Oh. Just wondered." "Lots of people do." We then pulled up to the school and Jason, Thalia and I set off for the Elementary school while Percy went to the Middle School around the block. We went to our assigned classrooms and found the seat with our name tag on it. Luckily I was somewhat close to Thalia. Mrs. Jones introduced herself and we did circle where you say your name and something about you, whether it's your family or something you like. But this time she had us do both. It went like this, "My name is Annabeth Chase, I have 2 twin brothers that are 4 years old, and I used to live in Virginia." Then Thalia went, "My name is Thalia Grace, I have a brother Jason who is in first grade and my cousin Percy lives with us sometimes. Annabeth is my best friend." Everyone did that and got to know each other. Then we just did exercises like that the rest of the day. Next I knew it was time to go home. We went to get on the bus and I noticed that Percy wasn't on there. "Hey Thalia were is Percy?" "Oh he gets out of school a bit later than we do so he rides a different bus home." Thalia explained. We continued riding then the bus finally lurched to a stop at our bus stop. We got off and walked home. I went inside my house and told Helen, my step-mom, that I was going to Thalia's she agreed and I left. I got inside to find Thalia and Jason sitting at the counter on their home with a plate of snacks. I helped myself as this was practically my house as well. About 30 minutes later while we were watching TV the door opened and closed. In walked Percy with 2 guys behind him. They went straight down the stairs to where I am assuming Percy's room is. I heard talking and laughter coming from down there. Thalia got up and motioned for me to follow. I followed her to the basement where Percy's room was located. Thalia knocked on the usually closed door. "What?" Came a voice thru the door. "Let us in we want to play too" Thalia yelled. The door opened and out came Percy his smile fading to a frown. "No guys I am hanging out with my friends go play with each other." He explained. "Come on Percy it's like we haven't seen you forever. You never play with us anymore and I miss you." Thalia pleaded. "I said no. Now shoo!" He closed the door but Thalia opened in again. And walked in I followed and saw percy sitting on his bed, a burly black kid in a chair next to a guitar on a stand in the corner. There was another kid sorta pale and emo looking. "Hi, Beckendorf, Hi Nico!" Thalia greeted. "Hey Thals" the Beckendorf kid greeted, Nico just nodded. "Please we haven't seen them for