Author's Note: New story. Will try to finish this one. Disclaimer: This is a derivative work and as such I make no claim of ownership or copyright for any of the characters, settings or events derived from other works. All such intellectual property remains the property of their respective owners. Foreword: As her husband launched out of bed upon the first strike of his phones 6:00am wakeup alarm, Lucy Dexter couldn't help but feel that such zeal was laughably inappropriate. Not only was it snowing – for the third day in a row, it was the Winter Solstice – the shortest, coldest and in her opinion, meanest sounding day of the year. It was a time to for sleeping in, a mug of hot cocoa and maybe a good book in bed she thought to herself, not the sort of morning athletics she'd seen her husband demonstrate minutes ago. Snapping out of her daydream she realised he was already in the shower. It had always been one of the things that had amazed her – just how fast he could get ready. It just seemed so… out of place for an actuary. But then again that's what had intrigued her about Steven Dexter – he had always been the strangest combination of painfully ordinary punctuated by brief yet fascinating hints of something else, something darkly mysterious. After eight years of marriage the mystery faded –she often wondered if it was just her imagination, But there was always something preventing her from doing so. Something small, the tiniest shred of a hint. But something nonetheless. Today it was how fast he got out of bed. "Honey, I'm leaving, remember 7:30 tonight", the sound of her husband's departing remarks woke her from her reverie – the strangeness of the morning already forgotten as she groaned at the thought of getting up. The morning was too cold. Her day could wait. She rolled over and feel back asleep. Steven grinned as he exited the apartment. He could tell that today was going to be special - some sort of intuition, a sixth sense of sorts, he didn't dwell on how he knew. He just did, and he was looking forward to it. He whistled all the way to his car, stopping only to remove his coat, spreading it across the back seat of his BMW before hopping behind the wheel. He frowned for a moment when he looked down at the bespoke three piece suit he was sporting. It looked good. He just hoped it didn't look to good. It wold be such an amateur move to give himself away like that. As he pulled away from the curb and joined the morning traffic he pondered how solid his disguise was. He knew it could be better. But he liked nice things. It was a fine line, and he was pushing the limits, the penthouse apartment, fancy cars, watches, bespoke suits and gadgets weren't cheap – and actuaries didn't make that kind of money. But then again his wife didn't know their finances, his friends didn't pry and it's not as if the IRS could come after him. The thought made him laugh as the traffic in front of him cleared and he gunned the accelerator tearing off as he felt himself press back into his seat. It was exhilarating to see pedestrians and other cars shrink to dots in his wing mirrors as a sharp wind whipped his face through the open windows – but he soon reigned himself in. Immunity or otherwise, attracting attention was bad for business. He did miss the thrill of field work, but he had moved past that now. Bigger and better things for me now, he thought to himself. The rest of the trip passed uneventfully and he soon felt himself pulling up into his usual parking spot – three floors underground and opposite the elevator, rank had its privileges. He walked into the elevator. "Good morning Mr Dexter", the elevator chimed following it retinal scan. The elevator doors opened as he reached ground floor. As he stepped out into the foyer he had to admit the entrance was impressive – Two massive marble archways crisscrossed the room with jagged lighting edged down both in solid god. Atop the arches an eagle was perched majestically, a long bolt of lightning in both claws and the stars and stripes hanging across its body. The grandeur was simultaneously inspiring and intimidating - he couldn't help but wonder who had to be blackmailed for Washington to fund such extravagance. Walking through to his office he could almost imagine it was a normal day – well as normal as a day could be in his line of work, men in suits saluted as they walked past, secretaries greeted him and a humdrum of conversation carried through the place. Steven wasn't fooled – his gut had never let him down before, he'd be dammed if it happened now. As he passed the large stained glass window at the end of the foyer he couldn't help but stop to admire it. It was a brilliant hue of white with the word's BOLT written in solid gold lettering beneath the agency's seal – the bald eagle clutching a lightning bolt. Write below the agency's name, in smaller letters was the inscription 'For King and Country' written in the same clear golden font. The inscription had always puzzled him. The country part made sense. But America was a constitutional republic – there never had been an American King and he highly doubted they were paying homage to George III. When he had first arrived he had asked his tour guide, a now retired operative about the inscriptions meaning. He had received a story about how "for president and people" wasn't catchy enough. It sounded thin, but he got the feeling that he further questions on the issue would not be invited. As he once again turned to head for his office he couldn't help but feel that he was missing the inscriptions importance. He had one hand upon the handle to his office when his suspicions were confirmed. "Mr Black wants to see you", his secretary told him as she got up from her desk and walked over. "Me. Now?" He asked. This was highly unusual. He saw his boss, Mr Black once a month for a progress report and briefing and that was it. Mr Black never broke routine. Something was up. "How did he contact you", Steven asked, genuinely curious. Mr Black had no secretary and It seemed unimaginable that he would deliver such as message himself. "Dead drop. The Letter was on my desk when I got here." She replied glancing at her watch, "You should go. Now." "Yes. Best not to keep him waiting," Steven replied in a light hearted tone, but secretly he was worried. He'd heard stories that didn't bear repeating. Stopping outside Mr Black's office Steven hastily wiped the newly accumulated sweat off his hands before straightening his tie and fixing his hair. He wasn't normally nervous – but nothing about this was normal. He steadied his nerved, reached forward and grasped the steel handle, pulling the mahogany door open. Inside sat Mr Black, tall, and rakishly handsome, he looked to be in his early forties, hair slicked back and a double breasted suit hanging immaculately of his broad shoulders. "You wanted to see me", Steven ventured attempting to modulate his pitch. "Indeed I did Mr Dexter. The target has been located. I want you to bring him in personally. Your transport has been arranged" Mr Black spoke evenly in a calm but confident tone. "That is highly unusual sir, I'm not a field agent anymore. And I can't just disappear like that." "That was not a request. You will go. Dismissed." To say Steven was glad the meeting was over would be an understatement. Mr Black possessed a casual air of menace he really did not know how to deal with – and now it seemed his Christmas was completely fucked. He had barely made it back to his office when he was once again intercepted again. "Mr Dexter, I'm in charge of your travel arrangements for your trip. If you'll follow me." The vice was curt and neutral with barely a hint of an accent. And worst of all Steven had never seen the guy before. He knew everyone – it was his job to know everyone. Heck his life depended on it and here in ten minutes his life had been turned around. He couldn't help but wonder why he had thought today was going to be a good day. The airfield he took off from didn't exist. Well at least an official sense. Off course it existed physically. That wasn't new to him. Neither was the sleek black C-17 Globemaster he had taken off in. He had ridden in plenty back in his company days, and back in the service before then. But this jet had been retrofitted with plush upholstery and finishing's so that it looked more like a Lear jet than a military vehicle. It was hard not to feel out of his depth. New faces, new equipment and a mission he still knew next to nothing about. It was as if the real game was occurring twenty levels above him and he were just some pawn that was being moved into place as an amusing feint for one of the puppet masters. He hated it. On the ride over he had managed to get off a quick call to his wife to let of an excuse for his absence. It was weak. Something about the crown account wanting figures redone before Christmas – he'd claimed he'd be at the office day and night. He doubted his wife would believe it. He wouldn't have believed it – the bullshit was paper thin. He turned again to face the screen in front of him and replayed the briefing. They really did skimp on the details. All he knew was that two geologists had stumbled upon something – an anomaly of sorts and the analysts thought it was related to the X-ray they'd been tracking for the last 12 months. The secrecy of the operation required someone of rank - and someone had decided that someone was Steven Dexter – and so he was bound for the Canadian wilderness. There was one bit of good news, a Mr Smith and Mr Brown would be rendezvousing at their landing sight to help him carry out the mission. At least that way he could delegate the messy parts. The Jet landed at Fort Yukon in Alaska. There was an uneventful transfer from the jet to a Blackhawk painted in a mottled grey and white camouflage pattern – it appeared the Canadians weren't exactly in the loop about the operation. He didn't like the sound of that – the level of secrecy meant something big was going on, big things rarely ended well. Smith and Brown had been waiting for him on the helicopter. He doubted those were their real names. Smith had close cropped black hair. Brown had short brown hair gelled across his face. Both men wore aviators and combat fatigues with standard issue M16s across their backs and M9s in their hip holsters. They looked young but carried an air of professionalism with them. Steven had no idea where they were from but he guessed they were some military covert ops division – that would have been the easiest place to get men on such short notice. On reflection though the organisers of the escapade he was on didn't appear to have any particular problems with requisitioning resources. As he sat down opposite the two men Smith had reached forward and handed him a silver briefcase stamped with an all too familiar crest – an eagle clutching a lightning bolt. He scanned his fingerprint onto the close and as the briefcase popped opened