Hi All! Here is the first story in my collection of Fairy Tales using some of our favorite Hunger Games Couples. Know that I am still taking suggestions as to what fairy tales and couples to use. I hope you enjoy this first part! : ) Hunger Games and Fairy Tales The Baker-Part One (Adapted from Cinderella) Once upon a time, in the faraway land of District 12, there lived a kindly baker with his wife. They loved each other very much, and tried again and again to have their first child. After waiting for so long, a baby was finally born, a boy with small tufts of blonde hair and blue eyes the color of the clearest ocean. They named him Peeta, and the two parents lavished their son with love. Sadly, the baker's wife died suddenly when their little boy was still a gangly toddler. Although grieving, the father knew that his young son needed a mother's care. In time, he met a woman who herself had two sons that were now without a father. So, he married her, and brought their two families together. Peeta was excited to have a new mother and two older brothers to play with. He came running down as they entered the house. "Hi! I'm Peeta. Are you my new family?" The woman cast a nasty look at him, but quickly hid it. "Why yes, my dear. I'm Alma, your stepmother, and these are your stepbrothers Cato and Marvel. Say hello boys." Peeta looked behind her to see two boys, taller and older than he, and looking him over. They both smirked at him. "Hello…Peeta." He suddenly had a feeling this was not going to be as easy as he thought. But, as he saw his father gleaming at seeing the entire family together, the young boy decided to make the best of it. He followed them all into the dining room for the meal. From there, his new mother and brothers made every effort to be polite and loving in public. No one seeing them would ever suspect that they were anything but caring toward Peeta. In private, though, he was constantly scolded by Alma. Cato and Marvel would take his toys and tease him about any little thing they could. It made him feel miserable, but he continued to put on a happy face for his father's sake. The only joy Peeta found was in helping his father at the bakery. He learned about creating the most delicious loaves of bread and buns. He was taught the best frosting techniques, where the baker eventually said was something his son was more skilled than he at. He loved the practice of designing and creating the most beautiful cakes. Sometimes, Peeta was even allowed to deliver some of their goods to the people of the district. He loved being able to meet new people and see their joy in the food he brought. One day, his father asked Peeta to deliver a basket of cheese buns to the palace. It was a special request, so he was careful and spent all morning baking until he got them perfect. Peeta was to enter the gates and go directly to the service quarters, where he would knock on the door and give the basket to whoever answered it. Peeta was thrilled to be able to see the palace this close up. His excitement was so great that he practically skipped all the way. As he came to the gates, he let the guards there know that he was bringing a delivery from the baker. They allowed the boy to enter, and told him to go towards the left where the service entrance was. Peeta smiled and thanked them, walking in that direction. He was halfway there, when he all of the sudden heard a voice singing to the right of him. If was sweet and clear, more beautiful than anything Peeta had heard before. He stopped to listen and see who the singer was. It was a girl, about his age, with dark hair braided behind her, and grey eyes the color of smoke. She was wearing pants with a leather jacket, and in her hands was a bow. She was picking up an arrow, and he could see the archery target yards in front of her. All the while, she was softly singing a tune of some sort. She was pretty, and her voice transfixed Peeta so that he was practically glued to the spot where he stood. While her voice was beautiful, it also sounded sad. He wondered why. As she turned around, the girl noticed Peeta. He was afraid she would call the guards on him, but instead, she smiled and walked closer to him. "Hello," she said softly. "Who are you?" "I'm Peeta," He was hesitant about what to say to this girl, but he was so drawn to her, that he had to continue to conversation. "What is your name?" "Katniss," the girl replied. Peeta did a double take and blinked in shock. This was no ordinary girl. This was the princess! He was unsure what to say next. He must have let too much time pass, though, because she spoke again. "And what are you doing here Peeta?" At least this he could answer. "My father asked me to bring an order of bread to the palace. Would you like to try a cheese bun? It would cheer you up." He held one of the tasty treats in front of him. Her face lit up. "Thank you. That's really kind." "It's easy to be kind to you," Peeta replied without thinking. She blushed at his words, but took the bun and practically gobbled it up. The sounds that came from her told Peeta that Katniss really liked it. "That was the best thing I have ever eaten. I do feel better. How did you know?" "Your song just seemed sad. I just wanted to make you happy." The princess looked pensive. "My father is very sick. They tell me he might not make it much longer." Peeta could hear the worry in her voice. "I'm sorry. I know what it is like to lose a parent you love." Katniss smiled at him. She appreciated that he understood. "Do you know anything about archery?" Peeta laughed. "No, but I would be happy to learn if you want to teach me." She took him over to where she had been and put the bow in his hands, trying to show him how to properly hold it and shoot. He gave it a few tries, and eventually at least got the arrow onto the target, even if it was on the edge. Katniss clapped at his small success. There was an awkward silence for a moment between them as they both looked at the ground thinking of what else they could to each other. "Well, I better deliver the rest of these," Peeta said, although not wanting to really leave. "Thank you for the bread…and the company. I guess I needed them both," she said to him. "You're welcome, princess," he replied, proud that he could bring some joy to her. "I'm glad you liked it. I'd be willing to make them for you anytime." "I hope you'll come back again," Katniss stated. "I hope so too," and Peeta turned away to go about his task. Behind him, he could once again hear the princess taking up her tune. He noticed as she sang that even the songbirds above in the trees had stopped their own sounds to listen to her amazing voice. He went to the door and gave the basket of buns to the cook who answered the door. Peeta walked back out through the gate and couldn't help but turn his head to get one last look. His eyes caught hers looking at him, and she raised her hand in goodbye. Peeta smiled and did the same, and in his heart knew at even eleven years old that he was a goner. He didn't dare tell anyone he was in love with the princess. What would the point be? There was never a chance he could one day win her heart. That was impossible. But it didn't stop Peeta from doing little things to show his affection. When an order came from the palace, he would always stick a few extra cheese buns with it. Sometimes, he would put in a drawing he had done, simply signed with a P. He hoped that Princess Katniss would find it and somehow know it was from him. He hoped that he would get to go to the palace again, but he was never asked to make a delivery again. Peeta was in a pretty happy place at this point, until the unthinkable happened. His father suddenly got sick and before he knew it, the baker was gone. When he died, Peeta ran from the bedside to his own room and sobbed until the emotion was all drained out of him and he fell asleep. He was completely out until there was a rustling sound and a sharp beam of light hitting his eyes. He looked at his clock and saw that it was 5:00 in the morning. Trying to focus his eyes on the blurry figure in front of him, Peeta finally made out the figure of his stepmother. "Get up, boy. You have to dress to go to work." "Work? What do you mean stepmother?" Peeta was completely confused at what she could mean. "The bakery. You need to go and open the store and begin baking all the goods," the woman looked at him like this should have been completely obvious. "But, father died just yesterday. I didn't think we would open the bakery today," he thought his argument made sense. He couldn't understand how she could want to do this. Shouldn't there be some time to grieve? "Well, you thought wrong," she spit at him. "Each day we don't open is money lost, so you get up, put some clothes on and go bake and sell." With that she simply walked out and slammed his door behind her. Peeta didn't know what else he could do in the situation, so he got up to put on a simple white shirt and comfortable pants. Finding his baking apron, he headed downstairs and out to head to the bakery. When he got there, the feeling of loss hit him painfully, but Peeta made himself go in and start the ovens. The work definitely kept his mind busy and held back the pain, but he could feel his father's presence constantly as he kneaded the dough. People came in and would give him sad looks and their condolences, but none of them made him feel any better. He would curtly nod to them and continue his work. When it was closing time, Peeta settled the register, locked up, and headed back to his home. Alma, along with his stepbrothers met him at the door. "Where is the money?" she immediately questioned. Peeta held out a bag. "Here," he said. She immediately grabbed it from him and opened it to count it all up. "We have already had dinner, but you can eat from the scraps in the kitchen," she told him without even looking up. "Thank you stepmother." Peeta trudged away, overcome with the coldness of it all. This became the routine of his life. He would rise long before dawn, heading out to begin the baking, and only coming home way after dark to only give over all that he had earned to his stepmother and her sons. They took every bit of money made and lavished themselves with fancy clothes and other luxuries, while Peeta just worked and his own clothes became worn and ragged. When he obviously had outgrown what he wore, he begged and pleaded with her to get him something new. Alma would find things