Hi all! I am trying out a new story idea here. Hopefully if you like it, I can continue on. Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games stories or characters Destined Chapter 1-Prologue KATNISS "You have got to be kidding me." I tell my two best friends who are looking back at me in complete seriousness. "We are not going to play this." "Come on, Katniss! It'll be fun, I promise." Delly pleads. "What could be fun about some stupid board that you ask questions to that gives you answers that make no sense?" I retort. "So that we can find out about our futures, silly!" Madge puts her two cents in. "Don't you want to know what is going to happen to you?" "I prefer to let life go on naturally, thanks." I scowl and roll my eyes to let them both know I am serious. "You won't let us ask it just one little question?" Delly has turned on her voice you can't say no to. At this point I know that I am not going to win the argument. After waiting what I feel is an appropriate amount of time, I give a huff and give in. "Alright…one question." "Woohoo!" Both of my friends clap their hands and get up. They walk to a closet and get a box out from the top shelf. As they come back, the word Ouija becomes clearer. This is such a bad idea. I should have known from the start that agreeing to come to a sleepover at Madge's house to celebrate her 13th birthday would result in some form of humiliation. The evening had started out alright. We ate pizza, had ice cream and painted out nails. We watched Top Gun for a while until the volleyball scene was over and then suddenly found ourselves bored. It was then that Delly and Madge suggested playing some games. We tried Truth or Dare for a bit, but none of us felt very daring and truth got old pretty quick. It was then that Delly suggested getting out Madge's Ouija board. It was old and had been Mrs. Undersee's as a girl and Madge swore by it as always giving the exact truth. Of course, I didn't believe such nonsense, but it was fun to let Madge go on. That is, until now. The girls decided that I was the one who needed to know something about her future. So, here I am waiting to see the ridiculous results of this exercise. The box is laid down on the floor and the lid taken off. Together, Delly and Madge take the wood board out of the box and lay it out on the carpet. They look at me at that point, obviously waiting for some kind of response. "Well?" Madge asks. "Well what? I respond sarcastically. I really am clueless as to what they want from me. "What question do you have that you want the board to answer, Katniss?" Delly asks a little more calmly, "I don't want to know anything, Delly. Really." I give her a look of desperation. "If you both so anxious to find out my future, you decide what ask it." "OK." Delly takes the little triangle and places it above the board. "I'll do it. Let me think a minute." She closes her eyes for about ten seconds and then gives a big smile before opening them again. "I've got it!" she shouts out. She places her hand on the little triangle piece and begins to concentrate. "Oh Ouija of great wisdom," she begins in some outrageously strange voice. It takes everything in me not to begin laughing. "Please bestow upon us the answer to our question." She waits a minute before continuing. Delly looks at me then back at the board with a gleam in her eye. "We wish to know if there is a boy out there who loves Katniss." Nothing happens for about five seconds, and then slowly the little piece begins moving in Delly's hand. It goes forward a little, and then makes a distinct turn towards the left, eventually coming directly upon the word YES. I roll my eyes again. This is too much. "You're obviously pushing the piece." I say. "I swear I'm not!" Delly replies sweetly. "Can I go on?" I think for a moment then let her know. "Why not? It's not like it's for real." My blonde friend nods and turns back to concentrate on the board. "Oh Ouija. Who is the lucky boy who secretly loves our dear friend?" This voice she is using is so ridiculous that I can't decide whether or not to laugh or be spooked. Once more, the triangle takes a few seconds before beginning to move. It once again heads left toward the word yes, but stops on the second row of letters at P. It stays there for a moment before sliding again, now towards the right and to the upper row of letters and coming to the letter E. Next, it circles around a few times before landing on the letter E again. "That means two Es," Madge comments. I am absorbed now as I watch the pointer continue to move in a sharp diagonal until it stops on the letter T. Holding my breath now as a thought is coming together, it gels as I watch the piece move towards the left and know without a doubt where it is going to land. On the letter A. Peeta. I let out a little gasp, and sit there when all of the sudden the piece quickly goes to the word GOODBYE and drops completely. Both Madge and Delly turn to look at me, trying to see my reaction. I'm so unsure what to think. What occurred was nothing what I was expecting. I knew that my boy crazy friends had been trying to figure out for months who I liked. The truth was that there wasn't anyone I thought about in that way. Ever since my father died I have been so focused on surviving and feeding my family that I hadn't even considered boys and dating. Even so, most everyone assumed I liked Gale Hawthorne, a family friend and hunting partner. But that wasn't true. We just got along well. It was his name, though, that I thought would be what Delly would cook up the Ouija to produce. Turns out, I was wrong, and it churned out one name that I would have never suspected to see. Peeta Mellark, the baker's son and a classmate of mine. I have never actually talked to him, but I am in his debt. He is the one who by feeding me bread when I had no hope left that gave me the strength to stand up and take action to provide for my family. His act gave me the confidence that I could do if myself, and I have been forever grateful. But he loves me? That is absolutely impossible. How can you love someone you don't even know? He's never even showed even a fraction of interest, other than that one moment. There is no way he could feel that about me. I don't know what motives are behind this, but it is just silly. I must have been lost in my thoughts for a while, because Madge speaks and brings me back to the present. "Katniss?" I shake my head a little. "Sorry, just got lost in thought." I answer, and then decide to end this. "Look. I don't know what all is going on here, but this is nonsense." "You don't think that Peeta could be in love with you?" Delly asks. "No. I don't." I reply honestly. "He's never even spoken to me, or even really looked at me for all I know. How could he be in love with me?" "Maybe he's afraid to show how he feels," Madge offers. "You are pretty intimidating, you know." I give a huff of frustration. "This is just a silly board game, okay? Even if by some remote chance Peeta Mellark is in love with me, it doesn't matter. I'm not in love with him." "He really nice." Delly argues. "Yes, everyone says he is," I answer, "and maybe someday we could be friends…" Suddenly, Delly gives a quick "Oh!" and our attention is drawn to her hand where the little board piece is distinctly moving. We all look down to watch it as it is trailing upward and toward the right, and stops on the word NO. It remains there for a few seconds, and then begins again. First to an M, followed by an A, two Rs, and a Y. The board spelled out MARRY. "Katniss," Delly says in all seriousness. "I think the board was answering what you said. It's telling you no because you and Peeta aren't going to be just friends. You are going to marry him!" She gives a little squeal of excitement at her interpretation. Madge starts shaking her head vigorously up and down, beginning to join in her enthusiasm. This whole scene rubs me the wrong way. "Well, whatever the board is trying to say, the board is wrong." I stand up and place my hands on my hips to show my determination. "I am not going to marry Peeta Mellark or anyone for that matter. You know that." Ever since my father had died over a year ago and I had seen how it affected my mother, I had vowed never to marry. I didn't want to love someone so much that I would completely lose it if they were gone. I watch as the two girls look at each other in silent conversation. They obviously come to an agreement and Madge answers. "Maybe that's so, but the board has always been right before. Why not now?" "Because I say so." I reply curtly. "I know you may think that," Delly states. "But I don't think you should rule anything out yet, you know? You're only just 13 now. You might give love a chance someday." She walks over and places a calming hand on my arm. "Don't worry about it. Just store it in the back of that brain of yours for future knowledge." My anger leaves me at her calm and optimism and I finally smile. "Alright, but I think that is enough for one night. Let's get some sleep, okay?" They agree and we all get our pajamas on and brush our teeth. As I start to get into my sleeping bag on the floor, I yawn and snuggle in. I am just about to fall asleep when I hear Madge whisper in the dark. "Delly. What was all that about? I thought you were just going to get Katniss thinking about boys liking her. What were you doing with all that stuff about Peeta and marriage?" There is a faint rustling of sheets. "That's just it Madge. I swear I wasn't. The piece just suddenly moved in my hand without me doing anything." "You mean it was really working?" "Maybe. It felt so weird in my hand. I had no control of it at all." Delly explains. Madge gives a low whistle. "Katniss and Peeta. Who would have thought…" "Yeah, I know." Delly replies. Then it gets silent. Before I slip into deep slumber I have one last thought. I'll show that there it is nothing but just a silly game. I am not going to fall in love with Peeta Mellark. But the last picture in my head as I drift off is of blonde curls and blue eyes. PEETA I am trying to focus on my work sweeping the floors of the bakery, but my eyes can't seem to stop glancing across the square at Madge's house. I know she's there and I can't help wondering what is going on. Especially now that Delly knows how I feel and said she would