December 1980 If anyone had peeked out their window on that fateful little street in the wee hours of that fateful December morning, they mightn't have believed their eyes. The man ambled effortlessly through the slushy snow that covered the sidewalk, unconcerned with the flakes still falling rather rapidly. His midnight cloak swirled in the wind, twirling gracefully around his legs as if to send him sprawling across the pavement. The haughty figure did no such thing, just continued strolling sedately toward his destination. The small halos of light filtering down from the lampposts every few feet didn't bother him at all. He seemed, if one didn't know better, to be a successful business man out for a stroll after an extremely late running meeting. His eyes swept across the numbers tacked above each garage as he passed. He carried on past number twenty, Dorian Road as well as numbers twenty one and twenty two. It was outside number twenty three that he came to a resolute halt, his attention firmly settled on the front walk. His boots clicked on the pavement as he strode forward and his lips pulled up into a smirk as he caught sight of a cat nestled on the front porch swing. "Fancy seeing you here, Minerva." The gray tabby cat glared indolently up at the man as he settled himself beside her, the swing moving lazily beneath them. The man's light teal eyes drifted toward the front door behind which the occupants of the house slept soundly. After a moment, he turned his attention back to the cat, only to find that it had gone. In it's place sat a regal woman in flowing gray robes, her eyebrow raised and lips pursed in annoyance. "Why exactly is it such a far fetched idea? It's not as if this is unimportant and that blonde brown noser wasn't up to the task. So, here I am." He fought back a smirk at her playful insult. "And I trust you've completed the task I assigned you. Despite our understanding, it wouldn't do if people started accusing me of favoritism." "Of course I finished it. She's just waiting for you to bring it to her." The man chuckled lowly as his arm snaked its way around Minerva's shoulders, his fingers lightly sifting through the long, dark strands of her hair. "Excellent! Though I do believe she can wait another moment or two. I've been neglectful of my duties to you." It was her turn to smirk as his fingers dropped the lock of hair and wound themselves through her tresses, tugging her lips towards his with a startling ferocity. It was over as quickly as it had begun. Minerva glared up at the man who now stood in front of her looking as unruffled as one could possibly be. She, however, decided she needed a moment or two to calm the slightly erratic beating of her heart. "You do realize that you'll have to refrain from using 'it' as a descriptor, don't you my darling? This is, after all, a little girl we're speaking of." He extended a hand and gallantly pulled her up. He crooked an arm and wrapped her hand around it, casually starting for the front door as if on a merry summer stroll. A quick flick of the wand previously stowed away in a pocket rendered the door a pretty way to keep out nothing but the weather. The duo stepped through the entry in silence and glanced at their surroundings. "This is most disappointing. I had imagined something a little more...grand." Minerva shook her head at her companion. Disentangling their limbs, she prowled through the first floor of the house. The man waited patiently, his hands clasped behind his back as he bounced excitedly on the balls of his feet. "If you've finished, my dear?" A haughty sniff was cause for him to roll his eyes indulgently as he made his way to the narrow staircase. The lush carpet dampened their footsteps as they ascended and he paused to wait for her on the landing. They faced five closed doors, dimly lit from the moonlight streaming weakly through the window at the end of the hallway. The man stepped to the first door and twisted the knob. He backed away as he saw a nicely fitted loo. "What are you planning for them?" He glanced behind him at the open doorway where Minerva leaned against the frame. He crossed the hall and peeked inside the room. There was a bed containing two lumps, one of which was snoring unreasonably loudly. Two jets of green light flashed in the darkened room and the offensive noise abated. Minerva spun quickly, hands on her hips as she glared at the man. "Was that necessary? Honestly!" Her words ran together as she mumbled under her breath and he turned away from her scowl. The door to his left contained a non descript bedroom set, obviously for guests that rarely came given the musty staleness of the air. He found what he'd been searching for behind the next door. The moonlight shimmered through the gossamer curtains covering the windows, illuminating a room decorated in various shades of pastels. His footsteps were muffled in the thick purple rug as he approached the small crib, his eyes narrowed as he finally laid eyes on his prize. She was tiny. He couldn't recall ever seeing a child quite so small, though his range of experience was vastly limited. Her tiny fists rested beside her head and her mouth formed a small 'o' as she breathed deeply in sleep. "Would you like me to take her?" He glared over his shoulder at the teasing smirk highlighting his companion's face. "I am perfectly capable of picking her up. I do believe I've had sufficient practice in the last six months." He turned back to the tiny girl, startled to find her eyes wide open. The color reminded him of the one Muggle indulgence he liked to pretend he didn't care for. They were cognac, the light amber color swirling with too much intelligence for a baby. "This is her?" The man was more grateful than he could say for Minerva's perfectly timed interruption. "It would seem a waste of time if it wasn't." She 'hmmm'ed' behind him as he reached into the crib and lifted the little girl into his arms. Those startling eyes swept over his aristocratic features, seeming to study the man who currently held her. "She's beautiful." Minerva smiled as she stroked the soft skin of the baby's cheek. A small blue flash lit the room and the older woman drew back violently. "She shocked me!" The man roared with laughter as the girl giggled, her tiny feet kicking at the blanket she'd been swaddled in. "I do believe that was her way of saying hello. Wasn't it, my darling little firecracker?" Minerva watched in horrified fascination as the man bent forward, his nose rubbing gently against the baby's. Her small hand reached up to swat at his cheek, and all he did was laugh. Minerva was slightly unnerved. "Alright, I think we've kept them waiting long enough. Come along then." With a soft crack, the man and baby were alone. An unexpected swell of emotion bubbled in his chest as he stared down at the tiny bundle in his arms. "You and me, my little firecracker. I'll lay the world at your feet and together we'll rule them all." There was a soft pop of apparition and then they were gone, leaving nothing but an echo of the tiny girl's giggles. Across the countryside, the man appeared in the center of a lavish library as several pairs of eyes swung toward him. "My Lord! Is this her?" A woman approached quickly with a man trailing in her wake as they peered down into the bundle of fabric cradled in their leader's arms. Rolling his eyes, he sighed dramatically. "Are there other children to kidnap that I've forgotten, Bella? I've no idea why everyone keeps asking me that!" Soft chuckles met his ears as another man stepped forward. "Isn't she beautiful, Lucius?" "Indeed she is, My Lord." The blond bent over the tiny bundle, his finger reaching forward to stroke her cheek. Much like when Minerva had attempted the motion, he drew back sharply as a blue flash lit the room. "Bloody hell!" "Lucius! Language!" A blonde woman, her hair nearly matching that of her husband, scolded gently as she glanced down at the sleeping infant in her own arms. "Well, now you've done it. He's awake." With a heavily put upon sigh, she stood up and made her way toward the small gathering. The small boy in her arms blinked sleepily at his mother, his fists rubbing at his face as he yawned. "Cissa, I've told you before. Draco should be in bed at this hour." Narcissa Malfoy glared at her husband as she shifted their son to her hip. "I'll have you know that your son is the most fitful sleeper I've ever seen! He's nearly always up at this hour." The older man, whose mere name inspired fear strong enough that hardly anyone dared say it out loud, laughed heartily. Four sets of eyes widened as they gaped at their leader, while a fifth merely raised an eyebrow in surprise. Lord Voldemort was not the type of wizard prone to loud bursts of laughter. "Ah, my friend. It is never wise to argue with your wife regarding matters of anything, except perhaps Quidditch. They will inevitably be right and then you shall never hear the end of it." He tugged gently and wrapped Minerva in the arm not cradling the little girl. She sighed at the slight pressure of his lips on her hair, then joined in 'oo'ing' and 'ahh'ing' over their tiny kidnapping victim. Unused to sharing the adults attention, Draco burst into a fit of dramatic tears. His pale face flushed in anger and large crocodile tears slid down his cheeks, his fists lashing out spastically as he screamed. Voldemort leaned toward the child he doted on like a grandchild, unaware of the dangers such close proximity. It happened in an instant, though the moment stretched in an odd sort of suspended reality. The girl's tiny hand latched onto the flailing boys arm and his wailing halted abruptly. The two tiny children stared at each other, his grey eyes drilling into her lovely warm brown. The air crackled with uncontrolled magic as a flare of light sparked between them. "It may be wise to refrain from enforcing the familial connection between these two, no matter how comfortable Blacks are with marrying their own cousins." Voldemort smirked as he handed the girl to Bellatrix. The woman's face was twisted with terror as she shifted the baby awkwardly in her arms, her wide eyes bouncing from Voldemort to her sister in turn. "Relax, Bella. She's a baby, not a dungbomb." Lucius reached forward and gently lifted the child into his own arms, demonstrating the easiest way to hold a baby. "Come, Rodolphus. She won't break." Voldemort and Minerva retreated to a small sofa near the fireplace as Lucius and Narcissa tried to instruct the Lestranges on infant care. "Are you going to tell them she's a mudblood?" Voldemort shook his head. "Not unless I'm forced to. There will be no stopping us with her on our side. I'll not run the risk of corrupting the bonds that need to form." Minerva nodded thoughtfully and snuggled against her wizard as she watched the young couples. Bellatrix was seated on the carpet, her dress fanned around her legs as she rested the baby against her body. Narcissa mimicked her pose, letting Draco wiggle around on the plush carpet as he attempted to reach his new playmate. Lucius laughed when his chubby hand found the girl's foot, his son tugging on the appendage until he'd managed to crowd his aunt's