1978 Camille Greengrass was a wide known beauty in the Wizard society, with her golden locks that looked like melted sunshine and her emerald green eyes. Thus, it was a true pity, and a nasty scandal to the name of Greengrass, that she married off to some nameless squib, a cook, they say. And very soon after that she disappeared from the Wizarding society, never to be seen again. Rumors came that she died giving birth to her second child and that the poor little boy did not survive either. It was assumed that she had only a 1-year-old daughter left and she, with her papa, have left England and are now living in France. And for years to come, even those gossiping ladies have never ever heard of them again. 1985 Lynessa Vance knew that she is a witch, of course. You can't possibly hide it with so many weird things happening around her whenever she gets emotional. She came to the knowledge of it at the age of four, when she first performed accidental magic. Although the girl does not remember what really happened now, she remembered it was not a pleasant event. She was following her papa everywhere, as usual, when this particularly irritating customer walked into her papa's restaurant. It was pretty much clear that he was there to find fault with them and did not intend to really eat anything. His presence broke the harmony in the restaurant and other customers begun to get impatient. Lynessa could clearly sense her papa's anxious and anger, she didn't know why exactly but she assumed the cause was this smirking man sitting in the chair in front of her. He seemed to be quite pleased with himself and to be enjoying the compressed anger on her papa's face. In her memory, her papa was always kind and patient, always loving and caring. And it was painful to see the anger on her papa's face and the struggle he has to compress it. Rage, a blinding rage came flaring from her chest, her visions went into a blazing white and there is this buzzing in her ears that she could not hear anything else except for that. All she knows is that she want to punish this disgusting man and she want him to hurt, to scream, and never appear in their life again. The moment passed in a second, and when she regained the control of herself, she heard a loud gasp, and a dull thud. The smirking man was now grasping his shirt, his face pale and covered in sweat. He has fallen from his chair and is now twisting and turning on the carpeted floor. People begin to scream, someone called the ambulance, and there was some doctor rushing forward to check the man. It was diagnosed that he is having a heart attack and that he must be taken to the hospital at once. Everything else passed in a blur, and after what felt like a few minute, the mess was cleaned up, and the restaurant was working like nothing has happened an hour before. Lynessa didn't really know what had happened. All she was aware of was that although that man was gone, her papa didn't look relaxed. Instead, there was worry and concern in his eyes and he wasn't smiling. She didn't know what to do, for the first time in her life she felt powerless and confused. She didn't understand. The man is gone, why isn't papa happy? There was a loud clash, and all in a sudden, the glasses in the nearest table started to explode. Tablecloth started flouting wildly as if there was a strong gust of wind sweeping across the room. People were panicking, and started rushing toward the exit. However, they couldn't make it. The door was somewhat sealed and the light went out. As everything was covered in darkness, Lynessa could only make out some hooded figures appearing from the darkness without loud pops. There was a sweet scent in the air and by the thuds around the room she knew people are falling to the ground. The hooded figures went around the rooms, shooting some strange light toward the unconscious people. Lynessa was both amazed and afraid. Thus, when a hooded figure came for her she let out a panicked scream, but did not shrink or try to hide. It was as if her legs are glued to the spot, not really willing to take her away. The hooded figure was clearly surprised by her scream, and whispered something under her breath. Lyn couldn't make out what she was saying, and she didn't really bother because there was a soft stream of light coming from the tip of the stick-like-thing the figure was holding in one hand. From the faint light, she could see that around the room, the other figures are all holding similar sticks like this one, and that the strange lights she saw earlier come from the tips of those sticks, just as this soft glow. The figure in front of her took down her hood, and Lyn could see that this was a young woman, with dark wavy hair over her shoulder and a pair of clear blue eyes. She smiled kindly to the little girl, and shouted something in French. She then saw the tall man standing behind Lyn in the darkness, with one arm held protectively around his daughter. They soon started talking in French, and Lyn could see her papa frowning and nodding to this woman, they soon seemed to reach some sort of agreement. The woman gave Lyn a warm smile and then walked back to her companions. The light went back in the small restaurant and Lyn squeezed her eyes shut from the sudden light. When she opened her eyes again, the figures are nowhere to be seen. Later that night, Carlyle Vance introduced his 4-year-old daughter to the Wizarding world. The Vance left the small French town three years later, and is now residence in the small town Bray. Since after that incident, people seemed to come to their restaurant less and less. It was as if their subconscious was telling them that that place wasn't safe even though their memory had been erased. Lyn was upset for a little while, but was herself again after a few days. She didn't have much friend anyway, besides, back in the UK, her papa seemed to be happier. They are now living in She couldn't follow him everywhere now because he was working in an Inn under the command of a really talented chef. She now had to go to primary school with children her age and make her own friends. She liked school, and, though she is not willing to leave her papa, is contend with her own friend, and had became extremely close with a boy called Loring Hunknown, who had shoulder-length light-brown hair, sapphire eyes, and a mischievous grin. Their friendship started with a fight, which happened the first time Lyn set foot in the school cafeteria. Loring, who was already a well-known prankster in the school, quickly noticed the new girl sitting alone, with a plate loaded with nothing but a single piece of buttered bread and some cut fruit. Surely no girl at such a young age would possibly consider dieting, unlike the teachers. He couldn't resist his curiosity, and there's something else of her that made him want to get closer to that girl. With a cheeky grin, he loaded his already full plate with more food and started walking toward the strange girl. Seating himself across her, he was just about to pull out his prank when the strange girl suddenly looks up, with an expression as if she smelled some unpleasant. Lyn was irritated. How could anybody ever swallow something like that! The soup are watery, stews gluey and overcooked, even the spaghetti somehow sticks together. The fruit are okay, but she suppose it would be quite impossible to spoil them since all they have to do is cut them into chunks. She had to force some bread into her stomach to stop it from growling or it would be quite embarrassing. She was just about finished when a plate full of these food was set in front of her, and the sight of all those food give her an unpleasant feeling in her stomach. Growing up with an excellent cook as her father, she has never ever encountered such disgusting food. She jerked her head up, and saw a surprised face of a boy a few years older than her. He swallowed, hesitantly reaching out one hand:' Hi, I'm Loring. Call me Lory if you want.' Lyn, however, didn't take his hand, for it was covered with gravy that had spilled out of his overloaded plate. The boy was oblivious to this. He extended his outstretched hand and gripped firmly on Lyn's right hand. She frowned, slapping off his dirty hand, trying hard to restrain herself from yelling, quickly stood up to put away her plate. Loring was honestly bewildered, in no way could he understand the strange girl's weird behavior. Ever since he was little, he had always come along the girls with his mischievous smile and charming words. Those who didn't buy it were all pranked to submit, but that is not important. He stood up, forgetting his untouched food, jogged to chase the girl that had nearly gone from sight. By the time Lory finally caught up on Lyn, the girl was rubbing her hand frantically under a running tap. Her brows furrowed, her lips thin and her jaw set. Although from experience Lory knows it is best not to bother them at this moment, he couldn't control himself. This fuzzy little creature seemed to be able to tickle on his nerve and makes you want to irritate her, just to see her angry face. Thus, Lory Hunknown made the most unwise decision he had ever done in his short life: he put his hand on the girl's white shirt. The consequence of destructive, following a series of kicking and screaming, with Lyn shouting something about getting the disgusting thing off her shirt and how dare he ever touch her again with those gravy on his hand. Her hair seemed to be flying from her furious and her punches are harder than they looked, leaving the poor boy crouching on the ground, neither able to fight back under his moral code nor able to escape. They were finally separated some ten minutes later by a couple of concerned teachers, and were both taken to the teachers' office for some hours' worth of scolding. When that stern woman finally let the two go, the first class in the afternoon was within minutes. Lyn wasn't angry anymore with this boy, it fact, her curiosity has gotten a better hold on her. Why for God's sake did this strange boy bothered her in the first place? According to his explanation in the teacher's office, he meant well. Well, now is the time of interrogation. She would spare no effort in squeezing the truth out of him. Lory is frustrated. The teachers are just being unreasonable. He was the one who got beaten to death and now he is also the only one who got detention? He ruffled his hair and sighed. His thought was interrupted when the strange girl slapped him on the shoulder, quite hardly, to be fair. He yelped in surprise, which was answered by a snort,' Well, were you listening for the past two minutes?' Honestly, he wasn't. Lyn let out a huge sigh, 'I was asking you why you bothered to sit on that table in the first place. According to the teachers, it's not as if you have nowhere else to sit. Besides, I'm sure my expression didn't look inviting then.' She was starting to admire her skill at abbreviating sentences effectively. The boy