Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Written for the May to December Contest. When I Wasn't Looking by My-Bella & Eternally Addicted "Mom," Bella attempted for the tenth time. If she could just get an opening, then she could tell her mom all about the latest article she'd edited for the college paper and how it had been picked up by an actual news agency. Renee continued jabbering as if Bella hadn't spoken. "The decorations are absolutely fabulous and Esme is nearly floating with excitement. She cannot wait to see you. Carlisle too. He went on and on about how it's been far too long since he had a proper conversation with his god-daughter." "Mom, while I appreciate the invite—" "Do not for a second believe you can skip this event, Isabella Marie. Carlisle and Esme are our oldest, dearest friends and they have doted on you since the day you were born. And don't worry about being the only younger person in attendance. There will be plenty of eligible men there for you to meet." "Mom." "If not for dating, then for networking, Bella." "You know I love seeing Esme and Carlisle, but—" "This is the last we'll speak on this," Renee insisted, reaching the tone that let Bella know she would henceforth be talking to an impenetrable wall. "You will show up, participate, and be thankful you have these wonderful people in your life. Are we clear?" Bella made a last ditch effort to prevent the night from being fully horrid. "May I extend the invite to Rosalie and Emmett?" "Certainly. Just make sure Emmett wears a jacket and tie. And pants." "That's implied." "I've met him. It's not." Bella pushed her lips together to keep from laughing in agreement—and from the image of Emmett taking his pants off after a particularly filling Thanksgiving lunch and the dismayed look that had been on her mother's face. "Alright, my dear one, I have to get going. Your father will be home soon and we're meeting his coworkers for dinner and drinks. I love you. Keep up your grades and most importantly keep your eyes open. You never know when love will arrive." Bella sighed in resignation. "Love you too, Mom. Give Dad a kiss for me." She dropped her cell phone to the couch cushion beside her and stared hard at it, trying to figure out the chances of successfully getting her Wednesday night back if she pleaded her case directly to Esme. Renee was constantly exaggerating so this open house might not be a big deal at all. "But if it is, then I'm not going to be the one to break Esme's heart," Bella said aloud. She grabbed her phone and dialed Rosalie. "How much do you love me?" "You know those hot rocks where you walk across them and come out the other end more enlightened and shit?" "Yeah?" "Yeah, not that much." Rosalie laughed heartily at her joke. "What's up, Bee-Bee? What do you need?" "Next Wednesday is an open house at Esme's boutique downtown and I have to attend, no excuses or exceptions allowed. Would you and Emmett please come with me?" "The usual deal? Help you with your mother and ward off the thirsty boys?" "Yes. You know, I wouldn't mind if I thought for a second I'd meet my type of guy." "The twenty-three year old guy you want is already dating a guy he wants or he's with his high school sweetheart girlfriend. The single guys our age want to party and play the field because as they see it, the end of fun is looming ahead of them and it'll be time to pick a suitable wife all too soon." Bella sighed, knowing it was true and hating it all the same. "So what do you say? I'll owe you both. Top shelf liquor and your favorite take-out food." "Done," Rosalie enthusiastically agreed. "Dress code?" "Jacket and tie for Em and specifically mention pants and how they must remain on at all times." "Got it. Heels for you?" "Yeah and the dark blue dress with the lace shoulders and trim. The very second I answered the phone, my mother told me to pull it out of the closet and take it to be pressed. My promise that it has zero wrinkles was worthless as usual." "You hate that dress." "And my mother loves it all the more for it." "Buck up, Bee-Bee. I'll be there and you can never have a bad time when I'm around." "This is the one truth and constant in my life. Can't I just marry you?" "Hmmmm … Married to you and sleeping with Emmett … I quite like the idea of Emmett as my mister." Bella laughed with Rosalie and then the two friends said their goodbyes and got back to their nights. Bella spent the rest of hers finishing her essay, and after a hot shower she crawled into bed with hopes of drifting right off. Instead she spent a couple hours re-weighing the pros and cons of her top three internship choices before falling into a fitful sleep where her dreams were haunted by hundreds of men in tuxedos on bended knee holding out identical boxes with the same gold ring in every one of them. '**************************************' The ringing of his phone forced Edward to take a much needed break from grading essays. He smiled at the name on the screen. "You've been awarded an all-expenses paid romantic trip for two. Where do you go and who do you go with?" "The where simply cannot be anywhere else but Paris, the most romantic city in the world," Esme answered. "As for the lucky man escorting me, it would most certainly be you—except for the pesky fact that I am madly in love with Carlisle." Edward laughed. "Of course. Once again proving that all of the good women are already taken by the equally good men." "Now, Edward, you know I don't like to hear such a defeatist attitude coming from a man as wonderful and handsome as you. Your someone is out there and you'll find her when you least expect it, probably when you're not even looking." He highly doubted that but knew it would do no good to say so; Esme was a hopeless romantic. "Shouldn't you be getting ready for your open house instead of making predictions about my love life?" "Hmmn ... Both are equally entertaining," Esme teased. "However, I do actually need something from you for tonight. May I please, please borrow the antique bronze swan bookends I sold you last fall?" "Of course. But you'll have to swing by the house and pick them up. The key is still in the same place. Oh and double check that the gate closes behind you. The latch has been giving me trouble. I'd offer to bring the bookends to you but I've got that meeting with Jasper." "How is the manuscript going?" "Slowly. I have an idea of the tone I want but so far everything I commit to paper falls far short." "I'm sure it's just a matter of nerves. Take a few days away from the entire thing. Go outside and talk a long walk. Let your mind wander while your eyes take in the beauty. When you return to it, I'm sure you'll find it much easier to move forward." "I'll give it a try." "You do that. I'm going to rush off now. I have swans to collect and a dress to squeeze into." "See you tonight, Gorgeous Lady." "Don't be late, you big flirt." "I won't," he promised. He looked at the time on his phone while ending the call and realized it was much later than he'd thought. He quickly gathered his things and left. He couldn't afford to be late for his meeting, not with the way Jasper was punctually anal. Edward managed to arrive at his friend's publishing office with a whole four minutes to spare. Jasper didn't see it that way. "You're late again." "Only by your standards." "Which are the ones that count." "Jasper, how is it we've managed to stay friends for so many years?" "My monochrome vision is a compliment to your ability to see all the colors in the rainbow. Now that we have that out of the way, where are you at with the first chapter?" "Nowhere, honestly. I was talking to Esme about it earlier and she suggested my perpetually blank page might be from how much I care about doing this project the right way." "I agree with her. Also, it's my duty as your friend to remind you that I told you the schedule you had created for yourself was too rigid and short. You are a dreamer with a perfectionist streak that rivals my own. You require freedom, not walls." "How do we fix this then? I don't want to cause delays for you with all you've got going on." "Let's agree to put a pin in the due date of the first two chapters. Whenever you get them to me, you get them to me. This way, I can focus on those projects nearing completion. And on finding an assistant who can actually assist me." "Still no luck?" "Do you know I had an interviewer yesterday who told me he couldn't accept a yearly salary of anything less than sixty thousand dollars? Do you have any idea how long it took me before I ever made sixty thousand dollars? The youth of today want it all now. They lack any form of a work ethic." "Come on, Jasper. You can't make a blanket statement like that based off of a small group. I see plenty of students who are just going through the motions but I also see many who are working like crazy to achieve their goals. It's an issue of dedication, not of age. All you have to do is look at my life for proof of that." "You're right. Older is most definitely not always wiser." Jasper reached for a folder on his desk and opened it up. "While I've got you here, I'm going to pick your brain. Let's start with your stance on supernatural romance. Creepy stalker vibe or the only way to find a dedicated life partner?" '**************************************' On the ride to Esme's, Bella attempted to share her pro-con list of internship choices but Emmett commandeered the conversation and demanded an explanation for how anyone could find the end of the book Gone Girl fitting. He was still confused fifteen minutes later when the Town Car pulled up in front of Esme's boutique. "He may have been screwed up in his own way but he never killed anyone," Emmett argued while helping the ladies out of the vehicle and onto the crowded sidewalk. Bella countered by saying, "It could be argued that he killed the emotional piece of Amy when she attempted to show her true self and he immediately rejected her. He caused the fracture in her psyche which allowed her to become unemotional and capable of calculated murder." Emmett opened his mouth to argue but then reached for the boutique's door instead. "To be continued after I wrap my mind around that very scary perspective," he said as he waved Bella inside. She entered the store and then immediately turned back to let Emmett know she disagreed with his choice of "scary" as a descriptor for her argument. Instead of seeing Emmett, her field of vision was composed of a broad chest covered in a dark blue button up with a black tie and grey suit jacket. "Excuse me." The voice was deep and smooth and didn't sound the least bit put out that she'd nearly run him over. "My fault entirely," Bella said as she lifted her head to get a look at the owner of the voice. Broad