Originally for 2013's Age of Edward contest, I withdrew it early on due to my lack of confidence! Here it is again. Disclaimer: All publically recognisable characters etc. are the property of their respective owners. No copyright infringement intended. Many thanks to my beta, A Jasper For Me, and to Lolo84 for pre-reading. The Mayfair Mistress England, 1925 I emptied my brandy glass, relishing the rich burn spreading through my chest. Our laughter and chatter had grown louder as the evening at the Whitlocks' Belgravia mansion progressed, and there were no signs of it stopping. "It's a shame Bella couldn't be here tonight," Jasper said, pouring us more drinks. The ladies had left for coffee in the drawing room a while ago, leaving us four gentlemen around the mahogany dining table with our brandy and cigars. "She always brings something extra to our gatherings." My heart flipped in my chest at just the mention of my love's name, even though to me she would always be Izzy. "One has to love those Yanks," Benjamin said, swilling his glass around, "even if they do have some baffling ideas. Prohibition? Thank Goodness the House of Lords like their drink too much." He shook his head as we all chortled. "I know what you mean about Bella, though; she's not like most upper-class English girls. My Angela being an exception, of course." Michael laughed. "Maybe it's because Bella does something else with her time other than spending money and gossiping. Even if I do find her work a bit too abstract for my taste." I exhaled a plume of smoke, adding to the cloud already hovering above us. "I find her art very inspiring." "I bet that's not the only thing about her that you find inspiring, Masen," Jasper said, grinning wryly. "I wouldn't know what you mean, Whitlock." There were snickers all around, thinking they knew the truth. They didn't, not really; no one knew the depth of our relationship. Up-tempo jazz began playing from across the hall, a sign the party was kicking up a gear. It would be another late night. "Gentlemen, shall we join the ladies?" Jasper suggested. We murmured our agreement and I stubbed out my cigar, following the men through to the opulent drawing room. Sisters Alice and Angela, their dark bobs adorned with richly-beaded headbands were attempting to dance the quickstep around the furniture, a little squiffy from all the champagne. This is what we did, living a carefree life of luxury. Although outwardly the best of friends, I knew from experience and observation that the ladies thrived on rivalry—who had the finest silk stockings or the most decadent frock, the most fashionable shoes or expensive perfume. And my wife always set out to impress. I sat myself down on the arm of the deep blue, thickly-cushioned chair where Rosalie perched. Of course, she looked as immaculate as ever, with her lips a dark red and her short blonde hair crimped into a marcel wave. She wasn't smiling, though. Then again, that wasn't much of a surprise. Perhaps Michael was taking Jessie to Paris, or maybe Angela and Benjamin were to sail for New York for their honeymoon. Whatever the problem was, I was sure it would cost me. I knew without doubt if I didn't indulge her sulking, I would never hear the end of it. "Are you okay … darling?" I whispered, the false endearment bitter on my tongue. "I'm fine, Edward," she snapped. "I've got a terrible headache from the champagne and the music isn't helping." "Do you want to leave?" Before she could respond, Alice's excitable voice filled the room. "Oh, what a good idea! Say everybody, why don't we head on to the Kit-Kat club?" I shook my head while everyone else shouted their approval. "Rosalie isn't feeling too well. I think we'll have to pass." "No, Edward, you should go," Rose said. "I'm only going to take one of my pills and go to sleep." I frowned. "I'm not sending you home alone." I may not have liked my wife, but I was ever the gentleman. "Ed, you can go with Rose in the taxi and then meet us there," Jasper said. Secretly I was pleased with the idea. In fact, I was over the moon. Rose was in a much better mood once we headed off from the Whitlocks', and I suspected Alice was part of the problem; unlike most of the society harpies, she was a lovely woman, but sometimes she could be a bit much. I made sure Rose was safely inside our Mayfair mansion, letting our butler, Caius, know he need not wait up, before heading for the Kit-Kat club in the West End. As usual it was full of the cream of London society dancing and drinking under the ambient lights. It didn't take me long to spot our group, quaffing more champagne, and I took a quick turn on the floor with Alice, Angela and Jessie. When it was nearing midnight, I made my excuses, saying I wanted to check on Rose. She wouldn't know when I came in as she was always dead to the world after taking one of her pills, so it bought me some time. The journey to the Mayfair flat was filled with thoughts of Izzy. God, I loved that girl, and tonight had been torture without her. My trousers had tightened uncomfortably by the time the taxi pulled up outside, and I hurriedly passed the driver a crown from my wallet, the silver coin glinting in the moonlight. I took the rain-slicked steps two at a time and rapped my knuckles on the midnight blue front door, leaning against the jamb. Even from outside I could hear the mellow jazz notes floating through the air from her beloved gramophone, and I smiled at the familiarity of our little love nest. Her footsteps on the floorboards came closer, and as always, my heart skipped a beat when she opened the door. Unlike most women, she had kept her rich, chestnut waves long, instead opting for faux-bobs when the need arose. I loved that about her; running my fingers through the silky strands of her hair as we lay tangled up in bed sheets was pure heaven. Tonight she had her locks pinned atop her head with a deep blue headscarf, matching her paint-splattered bib-and-brace overalls. Her face was untouched by any cosmetics and she was still the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She could compete with—and beat—all the other high-society girls when it came to dressing up, but at home she preferred to be comfortable. "Izzy," I whispered reverently. She hesitated only a minute before her eyes, rich like milky cocoa, looked nervously over my shoulder. "Quickly, come in." I followed her inside and as soon as the door had closed, I had her pressed up against the wall, our mouths fused together in tantalising passion. She began pushing my dinner jacket off my shoulders, and I moved my lips to her neck, tasting her sweet, fragrant skin, like apple blossom and vanilla. "Edward," she moaned, her head back against the wall. "God, I missed you, Izzy." I pressed my erection into her centre. "I've been hard all night for you, sitting through all that damn politics and business talk, when all I wanted to do was come here and lose myself in you." Without stopping our frantic kisses, we manoeuvred our way to her bedroom at the back of the flat, the sensual jazz notes filling the air with our kisses and groans of passion. In desperation for each other, we shed our clothes quickly. I swore under my breath when I saw what she was wearing underneath: a baby blue, silk brassiere trimmed with ivory lace, and short, matching knickers. "Oh, I forgot," Izzy giggled, feigning innocence. "The Honourable Edward Anthony Masen has a thing for naughty lingerie." I began pulling off said lingerie, growling, "Believe me, Izzy, there is nothing honourable about what I'm about to do to you." Pushing her down on the bed, I began feasting on her dusky pink nipples, feeling her fingers tugging at my hair as she moaned and whimpered, driving me crazy. I slid one hand down, feeling how drenched she was for me, and pushed a finger inside her. So tight. "Edward, please," she cried. I swelled even more at the sound of her begging; I loved how vocal and liberated she was. "You want me, sweetheart?" "I need you." I rolled us over so Izzy was straddling me, her sex just inches from my tip. She sank down slowly upon my length, her slick, tight heat making me moan and throw my head back in pleasure. "God, Izzy. Every time feels so damn good!" I placed my hands on her hips as she began to undulate sensually above me, setting a steady, long and deep rhythm, palming her own breasts. She quite simply left me breathless with her ethereal beauty as she moved, a sheen of sweat on her alabaster skin while her long, dark tresses tickled my thighs. Our hands joined in mid-air as I thrust up inside her, causing her to cry out. "I love feeling you so deep inside me, Edward … ungh … oh yes!" God, what her words did to me. I was immersed in pleasure with every movement and noise she made, never having enough, always wanting more. I sat up, bringing us level, our eyes never breaking contact as we moved together. Her sweet, tight sex was driving me to the brink faster than I wanted, but that was always the case with Izzy. I wanted to stay inside her forever. Unable to stand the slow pace anymore, I flipped us over so I lay between her thighs, both of us breathing heavily, as she uttered words that drove me crazy. "Do it, Edward; take me hard." I couldn't stop the growl in my throat, and I smashed my lips to hers. As we kissed frantically, my hips rolled and I began to pound into her. With every thrust I felt a tightening in my abdomen, my climax building higher and higher. I sucked her earlobe, flicking it with my tongue, and whispered, as I often did, "Love you, Izzy." That was all it took for her to clench around me, her cries of ecstasy filling the room. I thrust hard three more times before I withdrew, releasing on her stomach and breasts in a blinding flash of white-hot pleasure. "Christ, Iz," I panted, my arms giving way. We lay there for a minute, catching our breath. I didn't know how it was possible, but every time just got better and better, and I fell more in love with her. With a tender kiss on her lips, I rolled over so as not to crush her. I heard her sniffle. This had happened a couple of times before and as usual, before I could pull her to me, she was out of bed wrapping a sheet around herself. "Darling," I called, watching her walk through to the lounge. "Don't call me that." Her words, so full of pain and anger, sent a knife through my heart. I never wanted to cause her pain, but it was all I seemed to do. The soft jazz was cut off mid-note. "Please, Izzy?" After a few moments she appeared back in the doorway, clutching the sheet in one hand and a lit cigarette shakily in the other. "You should go, Edward. I shouldn't have even let you in; this was a mistake. It's always a mistake!" "This could never be a mistake," I said fervently. "Just come here for a minute." She took a drag on the cigarette. The way she bit her lip and frowned showed me she was warring with herself. Finally, she sat down beside me, pulling her knees to her chest. "I mean it, Iz. I do love