Hello! I've been absent from writing fanfic for a long time, but I'm back! This is an old one-shot that makes me cringe in places, but it is what it is :) Parisian Fairy Tale Everyone knows what it's like not to belong. For some of us it's the little things, like being picked last in gym or being at a party where you don't know anyone. But for some of us, we feel like we don't belong on the big scale. It's everywhere you look, every minute of every day, from the moment he kisses you goodbye in the morning 'til the moment he collapses, spent, on top of you at night, and every moment in between. I stared out of the window of the private jet at the downy white clouds, feeling old before my time. At twenty-one years old, I felt like I should have found my place in the world. I had everything a girl could wish for, from the sporty Porsche Cayman and the Manolos on my pedicured feet, to the Manhattan penthouse and the five carat diamond on my finger. Why, then, did it feel like I have nothing? "Isabella?" I broke free from my musings at the sound of Jessica calling my name. "Sorry, what did I miss?" "I asked why you look like someone kicked your Chihuahua. This is your bachelorette party, loosen up!" She raised her glass of Cristal and promptly refilled my own. I took a sip, knowing I would need it to get through a long weekend with this pack of hyenas I called friends. I slipped the mask back on and gave her an enthusiastic grin, clinking my glass against hers. I glanced around the decorated cabin. Everywhere I looked, phallus-shaped objects hung. Balloons, whistles, party horns … everything was a penis. I was seriously considering switching teams at this point. Apparently money could not buy taste when it came to bachelorette parties, especially those organised by the Alaskan goddesses, Tanya, Kate and Irina. "Alright, listen up, ladies!" Tanya called from the front of the cabin, sheets of paper in her hands. "I've just spoken to the captain-" A chorus of wolf whistles rang out, knowing her penchant for men on the side. "He can captain my ship any time," she purred, provoking a round of cackles as she tossed back her blonde hair. "But, I digress. We will be landing in Paris in thirty minutes! I thought now would be a good chance to go over the itinerary. We're staying at George V, of course. Tonight is dinner and drinks, possibly a club if we feel up to it, but as for tomorrow … Moulin Rouge!" " Voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir?" Jessica and Lauren sang, dreadfully out of tune. I zoned out as I looked down at the timetable before me. Shopping, spa, more shopping … jeez, this was one of the most cultural cities of the world. We could have stayed in New York and done all of this! I'd been to Paris before, hell, I could speak fluent French by the time I was ten, but I'd never really had the chance to explore. It looked like I wouldn't get to this time either. Paris was a hive of activity as usual, the whimsical streets full of people revelling in the end of the working week. One thing I loved about this city was the size, so much smaller than most major metropolises. It felt so much more intimate, almost magical, the lights along the boulevards reflecting on the Seine, glittering like pixie-dust. If fairy tales did exist, this would be the backdrop for sure. I climbed in the first chauffeur-driven Rolls-Royce with my closest 'friend', Charlotte. She wasn't a bad person, a little vapid and snobbish, but unlike the others she seemed to care about me and how I felt. The others couldn't tell whether I was laughing or crying inside, but Charlotte seemed to sense my mood. "So, how are you really?" she asked as the car pulled away from Charles de Gaulle airport. "I'm okay," I lied. She arched a perfectly-waxed eyebrow. "Look, Isabella, I wish I understood better. Really, I do. I mean, Michael's rich, he looks after you, and your dad obviously approves of him. You're set for life, you never have to work or worry about money. So, I won't lie and say I understand your unhappiness, but I will say this; I'm here to talk to if you need to vent." "Thanks, Charlotte," I said, giving her a little smile before pulling out my phone and sending a quick text to Michael, telling him I had landed safely. An hour later, we pulled up outside the George V, its sparkling glass doors with ornate black and gold edging emitting a golden glow from within. We checked in and went to our rooms while the bellhops set about bringing in the luggage. I was glad I had insisted on my own room; some of the girls wanted the 'bachelorette party experience' of sharing, as if they were roughing it somehow. I barked out a laugh at the thought as I took in my opulent surroundings. I was in the most romantic city in the world, in one of the most luxurious hotels, but these facts did nothing to warm me inside. I felt like an outsider looking in, even though this was what I'd been raised to expect. I had parents, but not a mom and dad. I'd had toys, but no one to play with. I had intelligence, but I was told higher education was a waste of time. Quite simply, I grew up in a world where money bought everything, but it couldn't seem to buy me a place in the world. A place I fit. And yet soon I would be chained to this non-life forever; the thought made my stomach lurch. Pushing the loneliness and melancholy away, I set to organising my clothes. Years of watching nannies unpack clothes for me had ingrained the behaviour, so I hung up my designer gowns to keep them from creasing and put the rest in the drawers. When all my clothes were away, I realised I would have to rush to meet the schedule, so I grabbed my toiletries and climbed in the vast shower stall, enveloping myself in the honey and cinnamon scented soap. When I was done, I wrapped myself in a fluffy bathrobe and went to pick out my outfit. I really wished I could just wear jeans, but the girls would have my ass if I did, so I chose a short, teal Donna Karan bandage dress, sleeveless with a square neckline, and paired it with nude Christian Louboutins. I blow dried my long, chestnut locks straight and applied the least make-up I could hope to pull off with the girls. It was nearing 7 PM, so with one final glance in the mirror and a spritz of perfume, I grabbed my black wool coat and my clutch and was out the door. As soon as we left the two-Michelin-star restaurant, Le Cinq, we climbed into a limousine to take us the short distance down the Champs Elysées. Walking was deemed far below us, apparently, and Jane was afraid we would be robbed by the 'hoi polloi' as she called them. I couldn't refrain from rolling my eyes at that. The car rolled about thirty seconds down the street before we reached our destination, Bound Bar, renowned for its cocktails. We were led upstairs to the VIP area, naturally, and all sank into plush chairs around two large round tables. I set my clutch beside me, when suddenly I heard the most exquisite male voice. It was rough while smooth, like the richest, darkest chocolate with cream filling melting on your tongue. "Hello, ladies," it said, the accent British. Oh holy Jesus. "My name is Edward, I'll be your server tonight. Anything I can do for you, please let me know." I lifted my eyes, letting them travelling over his black pants, his tight black t-shirt stretched over his muscular but lean body, showing his well-toned arms. His strong, angular jaw was covered in light stubble, and his lips looked soft and kissable. Atop his head was a shock of messy dark hair that reflected red streaks under the ambient lighting, but finally, what caught my attention were his eyes. I couldn't tell the colour from here, but the moment our gaze locked, I felt a physical jolt run through my body, as if jump-starting my heart. Home. That's what they felt like, as if I'd suddenly remembered who I really was and had been living a lie the last two decades. It was like recognising a part of myself I didn't know I'd lost until just now. He cleared his throat, smiling politely at our group but never taking his eyes off me. "So, can I get you girls anything?" Tanya spoke up, which didn't surprise me. "Oh honey, you can give us anything you like." All the girls giggled while I continued to stare. He chuckled along awkwardly. "Well, you've come to the best place if you're looking for cocktails." "I don't know about the tail, but I'm certainly looking for c-" "Tanya!" I hissed. After much laughter from the girls, we all gave Edward our orders. I decided on a champagne cocktail since I'd been drinking bubbles earlier and didn't feel like mixing it with hard liquor. "So, Isabella," Irina said when Edward walked away from the table. "Now that we're out of the hotel and can let our hair down, we decided it's time to give you a couple of little gifts!" I held in my groan at the thought. "First of all, open this," she said gleefully, handing me a flat, silver-papered box. I opened the lid and this time I did groan aloud. Inside were white and silver fairy wings with 'Bride-to-be' spelled out in Swarovski crystals. "You've got to wear it!" Chelsea insisted, reaching back to help me attach it. After the wings came a little magic wand to go with it, and then a serious present; a baby blue silk and lace garter to be worn on my wedding day, just one month from now. A combination of that reality check and the alcohol I'd consumed with dinner made my eyes sting, and the girls aww'd and ahh'd, mistaking my glistening eyes for joy and gratitude. I did thank them profusely though, because even though they were pretentious, stuck-up and self-centred, they were doing something nice for me. A flute of blackcurrant fizz was placed in front of me, and I glanced up, meeting Edward's gaze. I could see now his eyes were the most unique pair I'd ever encountered, almost turquoise with an emerald rim. Just like him, they were beautiful, but whereas earlier they sparkled, now they looked pained. I scrunched my eyebrows up in confusion. He nodded to the wings on my back, and gave me a sad smile. "Congratulations," he mouthed. I nodded my thanks and turned away from him, away from those captivating eyes that enveloped me like a welcome embrace. It felt so utterly wrong to do so, I almost felt my heart splinter. As the girls and I chatted and laughed, I kept my mask in place, not letting anyone see the turmoil I was in underneath. I subtly watched Edward as he worked over at the bar, drinking him in as he chatted to a leggy blonde waitress. White-hot envy ran through me, which was completely irrational, but real all the same. "So, Isabella," Charlotte said, sinking down into the empty seat beside me when some girls got up to dance. "What's going on between you and Mr. Sex-on-Legs?" "What do you mean?" She laughed. "You've been eye-fucking him all night!" I blushed a little, finishing the end of my drink. "He's hot, anyone can see