Disclaimer : I do not own any aspect of J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter franchise, nor do I own any aspect of Neil Gaiman's Stardust , and in this verse, I'm honestly just spewing out a bunch of crud about various fantasy elements. Basically none of this is of my creation, but many elements I have twisted and altered slightly only for use in the story. I apologize beforehand. AN : I'm very very very nervous posting anything remotely related to Harry Potter or the otp of otps, since this is my first time trying to tackle writing about HP, and I haven't written anything in ages , so I guess my excuse is that (1) I tried, and (2) this is just a dump for any random idea that pops into my head. Also, as I do realize that there are other Stardust!AU works out there (you should check them out, they're very nice), I shall say now that I have no intention of copying any elements of anyone else's fanfiction, so please be aware that there are definitely similarities! But I'll try to add more original content as well, and eventually change the (currently) cruddy title. Warnings/Other : Rated 'M' for bad language and possible darker themes later on, but if anything too explicit comes I'll try and write it beforehand. Also, the characters are kind of OOC - my apologies. This Stardust AU will have book references, but'll probably follow the movie plot more. Also, this is my attempt to stick to a slow burn-style kind of fanfiction, and I have no idea how it will work out, but I hope you'll bear with me! Much love. Summary : When Harry makes the rash promise to retrieve a fallen star in order to win the heart of his love, Cho, he finds himself in the company of a temperamental blonde boy, venturing across foreign lands and facing adversity at every turn with witches, royalty, and hunters alike on their tail. He did not sign up for this. Stardust AU. Draco/Harry Your Heart in Exchange for Mine by nightofowls Are we human because we gaze at the stars, or do we gaze at them because we are human? ― Neil Gaiman, Stardust part 1: gathering roots in the undergrowth The village of Little Whinging, Surrey was a quaint little village. For centuries it stood in solitude, a dash of grey amidst dappling undergrowth and woodland. What lay north of Little Whinging was unknown to most, for it was sequestered to the mainland by a single stone wall ― an unimpressive structure, weathered by centuries of rain and shine, built from huge hunks of stone and running for miles and miles ― so many so that not one had ever traversed its entire length and discovered where its ends lay. Little Whinging was a very normal village, and many of its inhabitants were proud to say that, thank you very much. Said inhabitants were as grey as the wall that lined its upper borders and just as drably dressed. Some were snobby, uppity, and self-righteous in their own manner; others were kind and mild-mannered and soft in the eyes. All in all, the folk of Little Whinging were very normal, very normal indeed. Very rarely did outsiders intrude on the calm provincial sanctity of the place, and when they did their appearances often disturbed the town for days on end, for that was simply how much peculiarity the town lacked. There was only one road out of the village, a long, winding path so rarely taken that it had been beaten down and sun-baked and dusty for years, and was only wide enough for one traveler's load. If one took the road down south, one would eventually end up near London, after a day or two's journey. To the north was only the wall. On the outskirts of the village was the meadow, and all the villagers knew that lay beyond the wall was another meadow, which on a rare occasion bloomed with daisies on a hotter summer's night, and a copse of dense forest. That was it. That was all they had ever been told, and hence was all they had ever accepted. Needless to say, ignorance is bliss. And the nice, normal people of Little Whinging, with their plain ways and extra-ordinary lives, were blissfully unaware of whatever lay beyond the wall ― so it had been for years. The sparse few on this side of the wall who were privy to the truth knew that what lay on the other side of the wall, beyond the greenery, was in fact another world altogether. If you had ventured through the hole in the wall, past the vast undergrowth and the trees, you would venture into the realm of Grimmauld, which is an entirely separate world unto itself. Grimmauld is, essentially, a world of magic. It is a world of love and war and hope, a realm of the fae and other creature folk, and fantasies of kinds unimaginable. In Grimmauld, shadows came to life and people rode dragons rather than fought with them. Hypothetically, if you were to cross the wall, through the meadow on the other side, and pass through the dense thickery of the forest, you would find yourself atop a hillock overlooking Diagon Alley, a vibrant marketplace brimming with wonders unknown to our world and filled with anything you could ever dream of. That is the closest hub of Grimmauld to the human world that there is ― and even so, for centuries, barely a soul knew about the existence of Grimmauld. After all, if you told anybody about a magical world just beyond your grasp, just past the plain meadow and the even plainer trees on the other side of the wall, who would believe you? The only way to access Grimmauld from the human world ― or, rather, the plain and ugly world of the mundane ― was the bridge in the gap in the wall, which was guarded on a daily basis by a taciturn old man named Argus Filch with more wrinkles and limp, stringy brown hair that anything else, who had been posted by the gap in the wall for as long as most anyone could remember. He was a grouchy old soul whose unwavering persistence to stand guard by the wall, lest some naughty youngsters made to trespass, kept him sitting on his rickety old stool with his disgustingly mangy cat Ms. Norris and his small triangular sandwiches through rain and shine, sleet and hail, and more. His determination to keep to his duty was one that was unparalleled elsewhere: keep any and all people away from the gap in the wall, at all costs. No exceptions. So it was. So it had been for centuries. Until, one day, everything changed. At eighteen, life was good for James Potter. That's right: at the ripe age of eighteen, on the burgeoning of adulthood, James Potter, son of Fleamont and Euphemia Potter, was at the prime of his time, so to speak. His father had passed on the family business to him, and he'd had a lifetime of experience working around town ― in fact, his recent accomplishments in Quidditch had gained him widespread recognition among his peers and had secured him a relatively lucrative position as a Chaser for a nearby team. He was surrounded by friends and family and all that was familiar, and was a fairly cheery and likable young man with a keen eye. His pleasant brown eyes and easy smile turned several heads as he entered adulthood, and he was to be engaged to the daughter of the local flower vendor, Marlene McKinnon. Needless to say, life was good. In fact, all was swell for James Potter. Except that it wasn't. James Potter was a frightfully curious lad with an eye for adventure and trouble. He was restless. He craved something intangible, a concept that he could never fully grasp. He couldn't settle down just yet; the mere thought of living through the same routine every day for the rest of his life unerringly unsettled him. He needed more . He wanted adventure, a challenge, a change . One day, the gods above gave in to his incessant wishful thinking. Let it be said that James Potter was a curious soul. What lay beyond the wall forever danced beyond his reach, and his dogged persistence to discover what really lay among the forest one day led him pacing to the gap in the wall. As he neared, he noticed the ever-grumpy Argus Filch blearily keeping vigil, perched on his rickety yellow stool. As he cast a sparing glance at the seemingly innocuous fields on the other side of the ashen wall, James could see the tell-tale path into the woods lit by fireflies flitting idly in the grove. He grinned, his shoes squelching in the mud, which had been dampened by an earlier bout of spring rain. The moonlight cast an ominous shadow over Filch's wrinkled features. James could make out the keeper's eyes glinting beadily at him. "Oh," Filch groused, squinting and turning away with a grunt. From the corner behind him, his mangy cat Ms. Norris hissed at the presence of a potential intruder. "You again, Potter." James cleared his throat and blinked as innocently as he could manage. "Filchy―" he began, wincing when Filch narrowed his eyes further. He darted a glance at the grass on the other side. Then, as endearingly as he could wheedle out: " Filchy ! You know I'm a good kid! There isn't even anything there! Why can't you let me cross?" "Oh no, no, no," Filch grumbled, his voice scratchy and sly. James could almost smell his ratty old-man smell from where he was standing, in straight sight of the gap. The meadow was so close he could almost touch it, if only he reached out a few more steps... "You aren't crossing, laddie, and that's final ! Besides, if there's nothing there, how come you're so desperate to cross, hmmm ?" Filch pursed his lips. James made a face very typical of a youngster denied a wish. More wheedling: "My mother's trying to marry me off again ! To Marlene McKinnon ! Merlin, Filch, it's just a meadow ― can't you just let me through? Not even for a minute? Pleeease ?" "That won't do you no good, Potter!" Filch bared his extra tooth, derogatorily stabbing his index finger in James' direction. "Learn to listen to your elders! I said no, and that's that! You won't be no exception, boy." But James Potter would not be denied this. Curiosity was calling to him. He paused for a moment, biting his lip and looking the picture of utter defeat, and linked his hands together behind his back. "So," he pouted innocently, and faked a jaunty whistle, "that's... your final call?" Filch nodded. "That's the final word, laddie. Now you go hurry off home. Your parents'll be worried sick." He grunted as he got up off his stool and shuffled over to James, making shooing gestures with his hands. "Hurry off! Go, boy!" For dramatic effect, James clutched his chest. "Well," he admitted defeat, closing his eyes with a dramatized sigh, "that does sound decisive. I suppose you're right, Filchy." "Of course I am," the old man grumbled in irritation, huffing and settling back down in his trusty chair. He leaned back against the stone, his pipe emitting puffs of acrid smoke that cascaded heavenward. "Now go away, Potter. Or go find another rabbit hole." "So be it!" James announced, crossing his arms and sauntering away slowly. "G'bye, Filch." The old man only huffed and let his lids fall shut, hoping to filter out any more annoyances. James sauntered a few more cautious steps away, before whipping around and making a sudden dash for the entrance. Filch's eyes popped open, his pipe smoke shooting out urgently and clouding