We are such stuff As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep THE TEMPEST, Act IV, Scene 1 I've thought a lot about how I might die. I'm not being melodramatic: I'm a diabetic transsexual with a crappy immune system. There was a time when visits to the hospital were an annual tradition for me. I've caught antibiotic-resistant infections, horrific stomach flus, and more, and the diabetes has not helped. Leaving that aside, there's still an unsettling amount of violence against transgender people in this world, and I've had to face the possibility that I could be assaulted or worse simply because of who and what I am. So. I've thought about it. I don't really have a comprehensive list, but if I did, 'global pandemic' would be near the top. Your superflus, your Ebola outbreaks, your zombie viruses. Next, your more ordinary infections. Homicide somewhere below that, among the various accidents. Below heart attacks and car accidents, above lightning strikes, plane crashes and shark attacks. Shark attacks are actually at the bottom of the list. I don't like to swim in the ocean anyway. Maybe an epic battle. It's on the list. Fighting for someone or something I love. I'm a pacifist, mostly, but I'd fight for the right cause. I could see myself dying for someone I love. I'd probably die quickly, but hopefully not without any kind of honor. What I really couldn't have foreseen - and should have, considering how much I love to read - is that I would die in a bookstore, having accidentally sent a doorstopper of a hardcover toppling directly onto my own damned head. Although really: did it have to be the tenth anniversary edition of Twilight ? There was nothing but a dark void for a while. Then, gradually, sound returned. The low hiss of an air conditioner in a neighboring seat. The rumble of airplane engines. Sensation: the edge of a flimsy armrest poking into my skin. A kink in my neck. The general discomfort of an airline seat. My hips shifting to try and ease the squirming sensation near my groin. My eyes snapped open, though my brain was still half-asleep. I was on a plane. Sunlight streamed through the window. And I needed to use the bathroom. Badly. Though I still felt disoriented, I carefully unbuckled myself and stood, stooping to avoid hitting my head on the overhead bin - although for some reason I didn't feel as cramped in the airplane's cabin as usual. I murmured an apology to the woman next to me, who got up to let me pass, and found my way to the restroom, quietly thanking the universe at large when I found it vacant. I stumbled in, locked the door, and pulled down my jeans, dropping into the seat. Something seemed very weird about all this, and I was pretty sure the problem was in my pants. I rubbed at my face. My nose felt strange. I couldn't feel my glasses. Suddenly, everything snapped into focus. I prodded at my face - I wasn't wearing glasses at all. My nose was much smaller. My brow seemed smoother somehow. I felt along my upper lip, where I'd had a mole since birth - nothing. My chin, where I'm plagued with tiny bristly hairs - it was smooth. My skin was soft, dry and smooth. It didn't feel anything like what I was used to. I slowly angled my gaze downward, lifting my shirt - a sleeveless top, pristine white with lace accents, nothing like anything I could remember owning - and looking between my legs. I definitely did not remember getting one of those, and since it had been one of my life goals for the last twelve years, I'm pretty sure I would have. Shutting my legs, I looked up at the ceiling and did my business, trying very hard not to think about it. At all. When I finished, I awkwardly got to my feet and got myself together, washing my hands in the crappy little airplane sink. Then, taking a deep breath, I looked up at the mirror. I was pale. That hadn't changed. But my skin was clear and unblemished. The face that looked back at me was, frankly, prettier than the one I was used to. My nose was smaller, slender, cute. My eyes were wide and expressive, a deep chocolate brown. I wasn't wearing my glasses, but somehow I was seeing more clearly than I had in years. My lips were a bit thin, but soft and not unattractive. There was still a little baby fat in my face, making me look softer, younger. My frame was slender, with notable curves, nothing spectacular. I looked at my arms: none of the moles I knew, none of the little kitten scratches I'd picked up over the last month or so. I was wearing a silver watch with a brown strap on my left wrist, but no other jewelry, even though I usually have a watch on my right wrist, a Power Rangers communicator on my left (because I'm a nerd), three rings and two necklaces. Above all else, though, as I looked my reflection up and down, I could tell that I was clearly shorter. The ceiling was a good six inches or so higher than it should be. I didn't need to slouch or duck my head at all. None of it was right. This was obviously a dream. My reflection broke into a smile, showing straight white teeth. This was a dream, and I was aware of it. That meant I could do what I wanted. I turned toward the door, opening it. I took a high step into the air in front of me, leaving my foot off the ground, fully intending to start levitating. I moved forward. And then, suddenly, I pitched forward, slamming into the lavatory door on the other side of the aisle. "Miss!" a uniformed flight attendant exclaimed, hurrying up to me. She grabbed my shoulders, helping me straighten up again. "Are you all right? Are you hurt?" "Ow," I muttered, but it was really no more than a dull ache where my arms had hit the door. "Oh, uh - sorry. Lost my balance. I'm okay." The attendant frowned dubiously. "Why don't I help you back to your seat, miss? We're going to be starting our descent soon, anyway." "Okay," I agreed, my cheeks burning as I walked with her back to my seat. My neighbor got up again, giving me a curious look at my escort, and the attendant watched as I buckled myself in, finally nodding and moving back to the front of the cabin. I sat in my seat for a moment, marveling briefly at how much roomier it seemed, then spied a backpack crammed under the seat in front of me. Tugging it out, I zipped each compartment open in turn, finding a wallet and a passport in one of the smaller compartments. Opening the passport, I found my new face staring back at me. My eyes flicked to the given name. ISABELLA MARIE SWAN It took everything I had to keep from laughing. That just wasn't possible. This had to be a dream. But I'd tried levitating and it hadn't worked. I tried reaching behind my back, thinking, It's morphin' time! I tried to will Falcor into being outside the window, soaring among the clouds. I tried to will the whole plane away, replacing it with the familiar streets of home. Nothing. I looked at the passport again. ISABELLA MARIE SWAN That definitely wasn't right. Text always shifted in my dreams. I'd heard once that you couldn't read in dreams - that wasn't true for me, but the text never stayed the same . My eyes scanned the rest of the passport. Date of birth, sex, place of birth, signature, it was all there. I scanned it again. None of it had changed. I shoved the wallet and passport back in the backpack, then dug in the main compartment until I found a dog-eared paperback. Wuthering Heights . I rolled my eyes, but opened it to a random page nonetheless. For two months the fugitives remained absent; in those two months, Mrs. Linton encountered and conquered the worst shock of what was denominated a brain fever. No mother could have nursed an only child more devotedly than Edgar tended her. Day and night he was watching, and patiently enduring all the annoyances that irritable nerves and a shaken reason could inflict; and, though Kenneth remarked that what he saved from the grave would only recompense his care by forming the source of constant future anxiety—in fact, that his health and strength were being sacrificed to preserve a mere ruin of humanity—he knew no limits in gratitude and joy when Catherine's life was declared out of danger; and hour after hour he would sit beside her, tracing the gradual return to bodily health, and flattering his too sanguine hopes with the illusion that her mind would settle back to its right balance also, and she would soon be entirely her former self. Keeping my thumb in place, I closed the book and put it on my lap, shutting my eyes. I slowly counted to a hundred in my head. Then, opening my eyes, I opened the book again to the same page. For two months the fugitives remained absent; in those two months, Mrs. Linton encountered and conquered the worst shock of what was denominated a brain fever. No mother could have nursed an only child more devotedly than Edgar tended her. Day and night he was watching, and patiently enduring all the annoyances that irritable nerves and a shaken reason could inflict; and, though Kenneth remarked that what he saved from the grave would only recompense his care by forming the source of constant future anxiety—in fact, that his health and strength were being sacrificed to preserve a mere ruin of humanity—he knew no limits in gratitude and joy when Catherine's life was declared out of danger; and hour after hour he would sit beside her, tracing the gradual return to bodily health, and flattering his too sanguine hopes with the illusion that her mind would settle back to its right balance also, and she would soon be entirely her former self. That wasn't possible. I could not be Bella Swan. This had to be a dream. But it wasn't shifting at all. It was grounded. Coherent. I couldn't fly. I couldn't turn into a superhero. I racked my brain and remembered, suddenly, standing in the bookstore, trying to tug a paperback by Seanan McGuire out of a shelf that had been crammed too full. There were hardcovers on the top shelves of the section, facing outward to entice customers. The tenth anniversary edition of Twilight was there. The shelf shook as I tried to get the book I wanted free. The frontmost copy of Twilight was already balanced on the edge. It fell over. I looked up in time to see it falling directly onto my face, but I couldn't move fast enough, and then - the void. So maybe this wasn't a dream. Maybe I was dead. Maybe my brain was sputtering and dying, smashed and swollen by all that Stephenie Meyer had wrought, and this world represented my last dying thoughts. I looked around the plane. It was awfully full. No one looked dead. There was no blackness fluttering at the edges of my vision. No sign of the Grim Reaper. I saw a perky-looking brunette in jeans and a black tank top across the aisle, and for a second my spirits soared - but no, she didn't have the telltale eye squiggle, she wasn't wearing an ankh, and I could see a vivid purple streak in her hair that didn't really match any of Death's appearances in the comic. I couldn't see anything that