THE SHOEMAKER'S DAUGHTER by Soledad Disclaimer: The main characters, the context and the main plot belong to Professor Tolkien, whom I greatly admire. I'm only trying to fill in the gaps he so graciously left for us, fanfic writers, to have some fun. Only the original characters belong to me. Rating: G – R, varies from chapter to chapter. This particular chapter is rated G. Series: "Sons of Gondor", a series of individual stories. Prequel to "Shadows of the Past". Archiving: Stories of Arda, my own website and Edhellond. Everyone else – please, ask first. Pairing: Boromir/OFC, but most certainly not a romance. Author's notes: This is a bookverse story, focusing mostly on original characters. The whole reason for writing this tale in the first place was that I wanted to take a look at how common folk lived in the late Third Age. Their names are simply made up or borrowed from medieval sources. As for month and day names, I let them use the Bree-version of the Shire calendar. It seemed plausible, as they are supposed to be the indigenous people of Gondor. I tried to remain as true as possible to both Tolkien and what we know about the High Middle Ages. A great deal of research went into this tale – more than a year worth of it. I want to express my heartfelt thanks to the members of the Edhellond group, especially Isabeau of Greenlea, JastaElf, Jillian Baade, Lasse-Lanta, Nerwen Calaelen and Tolkanonms, for their invaluable help with medieval architecture, medieval clothing, mule and horse lore and many other topics. Without their selfless efforts, this story would never have come together. Beta read by Lasse-Lanta, whom I owe my never-ending gratitude. All remaining mistakes are mine. CHAPTER 1 – HOMECOMING Halabor, a small fishing town near Cair Andros, in the year 2996 of the Third Age Contrary to common belief – and despite their long presence in these lands – the Dúnedain were not the majority of Gondor's population. When the first ships of Númenórë began to visit the southern coasts, they found a great number of indigenous tribes. Many of these people mingled with the Men of Westernesse thorough marriage, but even more of them remained in their own towns and villages, kept their own lands and customs, even though their leaders accepted the rule of the Dúnadan Kings and their successors, the Stewards. Halabor, a small yet ancient fishing town on the western bank of the Anduin was an exception. The town opposite the southern end of Cair Andros had Lords that could trace their ancestors back to the foundation of Gondor. They belonged to the lesser nobility, granted, but they were of Númenórean blood nevertheless, and made their ancestry all due honour. Originally, they hailed from South-Ithilien. The family settled near Pelargir in the last century of the Second Age and had extended lands in that province. During the Third Age, they were forced to retread westwards from the Anduin and to settle first in Lossarnach. Then, led by a Lord named Ostoher, they moved to the village Halabor and built a castle on a cliff reaching above the Great River – actually more a fortified noble house. But Ostoher also had the great ramparts built, which protected the town from the road's side, the two gates and some other fortifications, so that his subjects could live in relative safety. This happened roughly six hundred years ago, while Gondor was under Steward Barahir's rule. For a considerable length of time, Halabor was a strategically important little town, and its Lords benefited greatly from this importance. Until Steward Túrin the Second, worried over the recent attacks by the Haradrim – attacks that culminated in the Battle of the Crossings of the Poros in 2885, which could only be won with the help of the Rohirrim and at the high cost of the lives of King Folcwine's twin sons – decided to establish a garrison on the nearby isle of Cair Andros. In the same year (the year 2901) in which the secret refuge of Henneth-Annûn was established in Ithilien. Unfortunately for Halabor, this caused a change in the major trade routes, so that traders turned away from the town and headed directly to Cair Andros thereafter. Halabor sank back to unimportance, and its Lords lost the major part of their incomes. The same held true for the saddle-makers, the weapon-smiths, the blacksmiths and many other guilds. The slow migration into economically better-supported areas began at this time and never truly ceased. In the recent years only about seven hundred people lived still in Halabor, and those were mostly old men, widows, small children or crippled veterans of Gondor's constant – although not voluntary – warfare. The only income of the people came from fishing and boat-making. The fish of this reach of Anduin, where the arms of the Great River rejoined again at the southern end of Cair Andros and became as broad and calm as a small lake, were considered a delicacy, and the trade of the boat-makers was much sought after. Still, even the boat-makers often migrated to the big havens, to Linhir, Pelargir or Harlond, where they could work in the shipyards and support their families from afar with the coin they earned. Henderch the Brave, who was now standing in the watchtower of Rollo's Gate (the north-eastern entrance of the town), was one of these people. A native of Halabor, he had been a fisherman and a boat-maker as his father and grandfather before him. At the age of twenty-four, he went to Linhir to become a master of his trade and to support his elderly parents, as the Lords of Lebennin paid their shipwrights rather handsomely. When his parents died, and Rhydderch, his younger brother – one of the boatmen of Cair Andros – was slain in a bloody skirmish with Orc raiders, nothing held him in Linhir anymore. He went to Minas Tirith, joined Gondor's army and served in the garrison of Osgiliath for eight years. After a crippling injury damaged his right shoulder so badly that he could neither fight nor work as he used to, he returned to Halabor. At Lord Orchald's request, he took upon himself the difficult task of organizing the defence of the town. Lord Orchald, as his sires before him, made great efforts to attract war veterans, as Wardens, the voluntary town guards made up of local men who had their own trade and family to care for, were no longer enough protection. The Lord gave the sorted-out soldiers abandoned houses and privileges, in exchange for setting in Halabor, marrying one of the widows and defending their town as well as they might. Since the Lord had been a renowned and respected warrior himself, quite a few men followed his call. All the Wardens still needed was an able leader. And in Henderch, they had finally found that leader. The Chief Warden had only returned to his hometown half a year past, on the third day of Solmath (1). Finding the house of his parents in the Old Port of the Fishermen too big to dwell in alone, he sold it to the widow Dorlas, Old Craban's daughter – the midwife of the town, who needed a place of her own – and moved to the House of the Wardens. This spacious, two-floor structure was imbedded in the town wall on the other side of Rollo's Gate and served as a kind of garrison for the unwed Wardens who had no close kin in town or did not want to live on their own. It had a shared kitchen and dining room, a small armoury, sleeping chambers, a smithy in the cellar and even a stable, which could be entered through a wide, trellised gate, next to the gateway. The outer wall of the House of the Wardens was covered with evergreen: ivy, woodbine and other creeper plants. In the bright days of Mede (2) it was a pretty sight, and Henderch felt more at home here, surrounded by his comrades, than he could ever have felt in the long-abandoned house of his parents. He had become accustomed to garrison life in Osgiliath. In this way he could also keep an eye on the most vulnerable part of the town: the road along the western bank of the Great River. Although the strong ramparts protected it against attacks coming from the land, the town was still dangerously open to the river in the ports. Only the Lord's castle had fortifications of its own to shield it against an attack from the waterside. Thus the easiest entry for any enemy was through the Steep Path – a narrow street, leading from the Old Port of Fishermen directly to the Marketplace. And once the enemy got there, the fate of the town would have been sealed. The castle could hold out alone for a little longer, but the townhouses, built from cheap, small stones – small enough for a man to hold them in his cradled hands – and wooden beams would have no chance against either Orcs, or Easterlings. Therefore, while the Wardens had only two guards at Nurria's Gate (the south-western entrance), they always kept double watch in the North. Henderch liked second watch. It began always in the third hour in the morn and lasted 'til the ninth hour in the afternoon(3). It was the warmest time of the day, and since he had been shot in the shoulder with that Southron arrow last Wintring (4), his shoulder always felt strangely cold. Sometimes this affected his whole right side, laming his sword-hand at the most inconvenient moments. No matter what the healers tried, nothing seemed to help, although young Lord Boromir had not shied from the effort to send him to Minas Tirith, to the Houses of Healing. But not even Ioreth, the wise-woman of Imloth Melui was able to help him. Thus Henderch had no choice but leave the army and return home with his generous discharge. Sunshine seemed the only thing that truly helped, which was the reason why Henderch so frequently volunteered for second watch. The upmost chamber of the watchtower could become very hot in the summer, especially in the dark blue gambeson worn by all Wardens, and the steel gorget covering their neck and the top of their chest and shoulders could literally glow when exposed to too much direct sunlight. The other Wardens – especially the local ones who never fought in the army – often complained about this, but Henderch did not mind. The hot metal – almost burning his skin, even though the quilted cloth of his gambeson – felt so good on his ever-cold shoulder like the near-forgotten touch of his mother's hand. Glancing down to the Steep Path again (a keen-eyed man could see from one end of the small town to the other one without effort from his vantage point), the Chief Warden detected a lonely figure coming up swiftly from the Old Port, taking two steps at once in his hurry. It was a lanky young man, wearing a leather torso armour (the sort that was riveted with small metal plates, preferred to full mail here) over his fine, forest-green skirt. His dark breeches and knee-high, fine leather boots spoke of a noble – and wealthy – background. He also wore a white, sleeveless surcoat over his armour, from the finest, thin wool, with the emblem of the Lords of Halabor on his back, a sword-belt with the matching sword attached to it, but surprisingly, also one of those rolled hats with a piece of fine cloth draped over one shoulder that had become so fashionable in the court of Dol Amroth lately. The combination of practical armour and latest fashion would have looked silly on most people, but the young man somehow managed to wear them with an ease that made them look natural. He also managed