Sea-Flower by Soledad Disclaimer: The characters, the context and the main plot belong to Professor Tolkien, whom I greatly admire. I'm only trying to fill in the gaps he so graciously left for us, fanfic writers, to have some fun. Andrahar belongs to Isabeau of Greenlea and is used with her generous consent. His father, Isfhandijár, and the rest of their family are mine, however, as is their entire culture, created after the template of Ancient Persia. Rating: Adults I think. Too much politics and violence for young readers. Author's notes: The history of Umbar and the peculiarities of its society are based on Lalaith's article "The Third Realm in Exile"… more or less. I added my own twists here, so the end results are quite different. In some places, I consciously chose a point of view opposite to that of Lalaith's, just because it served the story better. Agannâlo means Death-Shadow in Adûnaic; I decided that would be the name the Umbari would mention Mordor by. Urîd êphalak is supposed to mean Far-Away Mountain and is a name for Orodruin in Adûnaic, which I have tried to create based on the Ardalambion website's data… whether it is grammatically correct or not is another question. The Cult and its supposed leader is based on a rejected idea of the Professor himself, as presented in the last book of the HoMe series. Beta-read by Larner, whom I owe my gratitude. Chapter 01 – Umbar The people of Gondor liked to declare that Umbar was the oldest and most wicked city of the Realm. A Corsair stronghold full of renegades and Haradrim bandits, they said. A centre of dark cults where Sauron – and before him Morgoth – had been served willingly and most ruthlessly, ever since the Númenórean seafarers had begun establishing landing and trading points along the southern coast of Middle-earth – small settlements that eventually grew into cruel vice-kingdoms. Those kingdoms and strongholds had left many rumours in the legends of Men of which Elves knew nothing – it was only known among the Wise that at least three of the Nazgûl had been recruited out of them. Only Umbar had, however, acquired a special position in history and made a name for itself – and not a good one, at least as far as Gondor was concerned. As always with rumours, all this was both very true and utterly false at the same time. To begin with, Umbar was not part of the South-kingdom; had never truly been, not even at the times when Gondor had managed to besiege it or take it by force. Neither was it merely a city; it was a sovereign realm of its own, the inland boundaries of which had once extended as far as to most of the length of the River Harnen and the Ephel Dúath on the North, as well as the edge of Khand on the East; and they had included the desert inland area of Harondor, once the southernmost province of Gondor, before a great plague would have stripped it from its inhabitants. In these days, nearing the end of the third millennium of the Third Age of Arda, Umbar had somewhat fallen from its ancient grace. The Realm that had once – successfully – competed the fledgling Gondor for power, had been reoccupied and rebuilt under Haradric sovereignty… which mostly meant that the Consuls of the Realm had to serve the interests of the Southron bound of independent realms, mostly by becoming Corsairs again, in the old, cruel tradition of the Castamirioni, although on a considerably lower level. Unlike the supreme high-sea galleons of Númenor (or later those of the Ship-Kings of Gondor), their fleet consisted merely of dromunds, and ships of great draught with many oars – one hundred of those in two banks, in fact, which were served by slaves – and with black sails that would belly in the slightest breeze. However, these were keel-less ships, restricted to coastal drift and unable to cope with the rough waters of Belegaer. Still, Umbar possessed the greatest fleet in Middle-earth, and few other vessels could hope to face their warships – or outrun them – in these days. Only the proud Swanships of Dol Amroth, built with the help of the Nimîr stood a chance; them and those of the Nimîr themselves, mooring in the Elf-haven of Edhellond that lay in the Bay of Belfalas, above Dol Amroth, where the River Morthond reached the Sea. As the power of Agannâlo had begun to gather strength and influence again, and even the Urîd êphalak had burst into flame anew, Umbar had fallen under the domination of Zigûr's dark servants. The people of Gondor said that the Corsairs had long ceased to fear the might of the South-kingdom, and they had allied themselves with the Enemy, their lore-masters seeking to gain evil knowledge from the Dark Lord. Which, once again, was very true and yet utterly wrong. Yea, they had allied themselves with the Haradric realms, under whose overlordship they were nominally standing. And there were many dark cults and accursed temples in Umbarlond, the actual city, also known as the Haven of Umbar. From the fire-worshipping of Bakshir to the snake-cult of Khambaluk and the animalistic superstitions of Zipangu, every Haradric belief had taken up residence in the Bazaar and the haven areas. But the true dark cult of Númenor, the one that had led to the Downfall of Westernesse, the one including black sorcery and cruel rituals and even the burning of Men on Zigûr's altars, was no longer present in the Realm… at least not officially. 'Twas the unofficial presence that had worried the Consuls of the Realm lately. And that was also the reason that brought them together in the Zadan'n Abrazân , the House of the Steadfast , the ancient fortress of Umbarlond: to discuss the immediate problem, the likely ramifications and how they might find a way out of the trap… if that was at all possible. 'Twas the year 2968, in the Third Age of Arda, and – save from the occasional Corsair raid along Gondor's coasts – Umbar had known relative peace for more than eighty years. At least where Gondor was considered. It had been less than fifteen years since the inland areas have been severely raided by the forces of Bakshir. The second-largest Haradric realm had even besieged Umbarlond itself, and it had taken First Consul Herucalmo great personal sacrifices – namely to send his own daughter to the kha-kan 's bed as a concubine – to placate the enraged Haradric warlord and persuade him to take his booty and go home. That had led to a lasting peace between the two realms… at least until lately. For rumours had reached Lord Herucalmo that k ha-kan Isfhandijár had died in the previous year and his legitimate sons had driven out and killed all his concubines and their children. Which meant that Rothinzil was most likely dead, and they no longer had a supporter in the kha-kan 's house – whoever might be filling that particular office right now. That also meant that Umbar as a whole and Lord Herucalmo himself needed another strong ally to better their chances against their Haradric overlords. He had invited Second Consul Manwendil and his lady to the Zadan'n Abrazân , as there they had no reason to fear spies. While the city was showing a definite Southron flair, due to the long exposure to the various Haradric realms, the Zadan'n Abrazân was an ancient relic. It was a fortress raised in the late Second Age in the characteristically monolithic style of Númenor. It had been hewn into the living rock of the stone coast and stood partially in the water of the Bay. The keep itself was a hundred and thirty-five feet high and had a diameter of almost a hundred feet. The crenellated stone wall encircling it rose as high as eighty feet, and eight round, stocky towers, each of them ninety-feet high and crowned with a steel cap, protected it. Four millennia had the Zadan'n Abrazân lasted already, and aside from adding a few comforts of more recent times, it had not been changed all that much. Its stone grey and withered with age, it was still the same unconquerable fortress. No enemy could ever set foot beyond its defences, unless by treachery. And no-one would even think of betraying the First Consul, unless they had a death wish. Like most Umbarian nobles, Lord Herucalmo, too, had a townhouse in the city. Yet he preferred the keep of the Zadan'n Abrazân , not wishing to be constantly reminded of the death of his wife and the loss of his daughter. The townhouse had been their realm; now it was but an empty shell. Besides, Lord Herucalmo was the one responsible for defences and warfare, while Second Consul Manwendil was supposed to care for trade negotiations and civilian affairs. It had been time-honoured tradition since the days of the Ancient Realm that Umbar would be ruled by a pair of consuls; mostly, yet not exclusively men of high birth and standing, as ancient Númenórean right allowed a female child to follow her father in power if she was the firstborn. These nobly-born rulers counted back their ancestry to the King's Men of the Second Age, the ones called the Black Númenóreans by their Gondorian cousins. Never had one of them proclaimed him- or herself as the King or the Queen of Umbar, even though they'd considered themselves the true representatives of the last legal King of Númenor, regarding the Heirs of Nimruzîr (Elendil) as usurpers. Legend even spoke of some surviving relatives of the Line of Elros (or Ar-Gimilzôr, as they preferred to mention their ancestor) among the local nobles who claimed the governship. Whether that had been true or not, no-one could tell all those millennia later. In any case, the overlords of the Haven had created a system not unlike that of the Ruling Stewards of Gondor, claiming to rule "in the King's absence". By the King they meant Ar-Pharazôn the Golden, of course, whose rule they glorified, enshrouding the dark events of the past and magnifying the power and greatness of Westernesse in memory. Oddly enough, this attitude had led to the birth of a cult that foretold Ar-Pharazôn's triumphant return from the West. Followers of that cult expected the King to reclaim the throne of the unified Reams in Exile – all three of them – in some distant future. The current rulers of the Realm, Lords Herucalmo and Manwendil, did not subscribe to this messianistic cult; nor did they join to that of the Death Eater, the revival of which they had watched with some consternation for quite some time by now. They were warlords and merchants, respectively, and did not want to tighten the leash binding them to Agannâlo – or to the Haradric realms – more than it might seem inevitable. They had to consider their moves very carefully, though, for the number of Zigûr's spies had been slowly yet steadily increasing in the recent years. They could almost literally feel the iron grip of Zigûr tightening around them. 'Twas high time to seek out alternate routes that would not bind them quite so tightly to the fate of Agannâlo. A discrete knock on the Great Hall's door woke Lord Herucalmo from his dark musings. Master Indilzar, his castellan, stepped in and bowed respectfully. "Lord Manwendil and his lady wife have arrived, my Lord," he murmured. Herucalmo nodded. "Let them be escorted here and see that refreshments are brought to the Hall," he ordered. "Where is my son?" "Young Master Caliondo is on his way home," answered the castellan. "The Gimilnitîr has sailed into the Haven less than an hour ago. The young master will be in a presentable state shortly." "Good," said Herucalmo. "We shall need his insight; and that of Captain Atanalcar.