Shieldbrothers by Soledad Disclaimer: The main characters, the context and the main plot belong to Professor Tolkien, whom I greatly admire. I'm only trying to fill in the gaps he so graciously left for us, fanfic writers, to have some fun. All other unknown characters belong to me. Rating: Adults only. Genre: Erotica, PWP – whatever. Series: None, but the vignette belongs to the "Sons of Gondor" story arc. It is a side product to my story "The Young Knight", set between chapters 17 and 18, but not really a part of it. Just an AU-version of the possibilities. Summary: Having lost against Boromir in the final round of the tournament in Lossarnach, young Lord Herumor, the Heir of Halabor, finds an unexpected way to pay ransom for his arms and his horse. Author's notes: The main story was written for the Edhellond Group as a Christmas gift for 2006. The esquires' speech pattern is based on a similar formula in Sir Walter Scott's "Ivanhoe". When Boromir reached his pavilion, victorious and proud, albeit sore from the hard encounters during the joust, Faramir, who served as his esquire with the permission of their royal grandfather, relieved him from his armour and placed food and wine before him. Donning a long robe usually worn by Gondorian noblemen at home, Boromir dug into his food with ravenous appetite – understandable, after the exertions of the day. He had scarcely finished his meal when Faramir stuck his head through the entrance of the pavilion again. "Brother," he said, "five esquires desire to speak with you. Each of them is leading a barbed steed." "Wanting to ransom the armours and war-horses of their masters, no doubt," Boromir rose from his table. "I shall speak with them." He stepped forth to the front of his pavilion, where he found in attendance the esquires of all the champions he had defeated, easily recognisable by the colours and coats-of-arms of their lords; each of them led his master's destrier , loaded with the armour in which the defeated knight had fought that day. "My Lord Boromir," said the foremost of those young men, with the silver dragon of Erellont's House embroidered upon the breast of his black surcoat, "according to the rules of the tournament, I, Duartane, esquire to the new knight of Erellont's House, Herumor son of Orchaldor, make offer to you of the horse and armour used by the said Herumor in this day's passage of arms, leaving it with your nobleness to retain or ransom the same, according to your pleasure; for such is the law of arms." The esquires of the good knights Borondir, Idanach, Benniget of Lossarnach and Narion of Lebennin, repeated nearly the same words (which were the customary ones spoken on such occasions) and then stood to await Boromir's decision. "To you four, sirs," replied the Steward's son, addressing those who have last spoken, "and to your honourable and valiant masters, I have one common reply. I should do ill to deprive them of steeds and arms which can – and no doubt shall – be used best in the defence of Gondor against the dark forces. I could end here my message to those noble knights; yet said defence is bound to ever-rising costs, as you know all too well. Therefore, I shall be grateful if your masters would, of their courtesy, be pleased to ransom their steeds and armour for that purpose." "We stand commissioned, each of us," answered the esquire of Benniget of Lossarnach, "to offer twenty gold pieces in ransom of these suits of armour; and another ten gold pieces in ransom of the horses, each." "'Tis sufficient," Boromir nodded. "Half the sum the present necessities of the garrison of Osgiliath compel me to accept on their behalf. As of the remaining half, I ask your masters that it should be used for the fortifications of their own hometown and for the needs of the good men who defend them." The esquires made deep obediences and acted as they had been told. When they were gone, Boromir turned to Herumor's esquire. "From your master," he said, "I shall accept neither arms nor ransom, for it would be wrong to deprive a young knight of his hereditary armour, and no payment of coin should be taking place between the Houses of Mardil and Erellont, both of which have sailed with the Elendili from Númenor. Tell him I asked that he would visit me here tomorrow, ere he turns in and we shall discuss the matter in person, as it is proper." The esquire made a deep obeisance and retreated, following his companions. Boromir re-entered his pavilion, thoughtful of the possible risks he was planning to take with young Herumor. "Faramir," he said to his brother, "'Tis a matter of some delicacy, and I shall count on you in this. When Herumor pays me yonder visit tomorrow, you must see that no-one can get within earshot during his stay – not even your own self." Faramir gave him a hurt look. "You never had secrets from me before." "'Tis not a secret," replied Boromir, "just very… private. I might tell you about it eventually; when the time is right. For some matters, you are still too young… though you shall not always be." That comforted Faramir, knowing that his brother would never make promises he had no intention to keep. Thus the youngling promised to guard his brother's tent on the next even, and they both turned in to rest. On the next day, shortly before sunset, Herumor came to Boromir's pavilion as asked, wearing the colours and the emblem of his House rather than his old Dol Amroth uniform, signalling that he was a grown man now, the Heir of his father. Boromir offered him whine, which he politely refused, saying that he wished all his wits about him when discussing matters of honour with his future liege lord. "For you had me defeated, fair and clear," he said, "and yet you refused to accept either my horse and arms or my ransom. Therefore I must assume tat you have something else in mind for me, though what that would be, I cannot imagine. I would be greatly relieved if you spoke your mind bluntly." "Very well," Boromir nodded. "I shall be blunt with you then, though doing so will be taking a risk on my side; a risk greater than just giving you a reason to repulse me." " Repulse you, my Lord?" asked Herumor in surprise. "Why should I ever feel such way for you?" "Because you were right," Boromir sighed. "I do desire something from you, but it is not your horse or your arms, nor is it your coin, which your House does not have in abundance in any case." He hesitated for a moment before admitting. "Nay, Herumor, that which I desire is your person." Herumor might be young and sheltered all his life, but he was no fool. While in Dol Amroth, he had heard rumours of Southron nobles who preferred to share their bed with young men (or even boys), and he had also heard muted whispers about Master Andrahar's supposed preferences, although no-one had ever been able to provide any hard proof for that . He had not expected, however, such an approach to come from a young Gondorian knight of his own age – and from his future liege lord, at that. "You ask me to whore myself to you as a ransom for my horse and my arms?" he asked in quiet outrage, his face pale with wrath. "Nay," replied Boromir. "I ask you to share pleasure with me the way shieldbrothers do sometimes. I have told your esquire that I accept neither arm, nor ransom for you. That will not change, whether you decide to fulfil my desire or not." Herumor shook his head in honest confusion. "Then I cannot see what the true reason for this meeting is," he said. "I know there are men who seek pleasure with other men, rather than cleaving unto women, but I am not one of those." "Are you sure?" Boromir stepped uncomfortably close to him, took his face in big hands and kissed him on the mouth; not in the manner how a brother would kiss a brother but in the manner one would kiss a lover. Herumor went rigid with shock when one of Boromir's large hands slid down the front of his body, reached between his legs, and grabbed him roughly through the fine woollen fabric of his breeches. "If you are not one of those men," murmured Boromir, fondling his rapidly filling manhood through his clothes, "then why are you getting harder than steel under my touch?" Torn between mortal embarrassment and shameful pleasure, all Herumor could do was to arch into that confident touch and groan in despair. When Boromir finally let go of him, painfully hard and almost in tears with shame and unfulfilled desire, he needed all his strength not to scream. "There are men," said Boromir with infuriating calmness, "who can find pleasure with both men and women, and you seem to be one of those. Such men can have a wife and a family and be wedded and bedded happily, while still bond themselves to a shieldbrother, not by oath alone but also by body. I am not asking you for such a bond – not yet in any case, for you are still very young, we both are, and you need to find your way yet. All I ask is that you share yourself with me, for one night only." "And what if I refuse?" asked Herumor warily. Boromir shrugged. "Then we shall forget that this discussion has ever taken place. I shall certainly not force myself upon you – although I do believe that you would take great pleasure from such encounter." With those words, he gave Herumor's still uncomfortably tight breeches a meaningful look. Herumor blushed profusely. It would have been useless to deny that Boromir's touch had excited him greatly… and that from the battle between shocked repulsion and pleasure the latter had come out victoriously. "Do you know what men do when taking pleasure from each other?" asked Boromir quietly. Herumor nodded. "I doubt there is any esquire in Dol Amroth who had not sought out The Fragrant Garden in the library at least once," he said. "The pictures are rather… informative. It looks painful, though." "It can be, if the one who is doing the taking is impatient, uncaring or clumsy," Boromir admitted. "I assure you I am none of those things. You have nothing to fear, even though the first time can be a bit… uncomfortable, I am told." "You…" Herumor hesitated. "Have you ever done this before?" Boromir nodded. "Not often, but yea, I have. Sometimes a very young soldier is so frightened before battle that he seeks out comfort by someone in whose strength he trusts. Or they are so highly strung after a vicious fight that they need to wear all that heat off somehow. I have never done it with one I truly desired, though." Herumor shook his head again, still very confused. "I cannot even guess what you see in me," he said. "Do I look like a girl to you? Is that why you wish to treat me like you would treat a woman?" "Oh, nay, 'tis not what I wish," Boromir laughed. "I do not want you because you look like a girl; for you do not . I desire you for your comeliness, aye, but also for your bravery and strength. And I shall not treat you like a woman, but as a shieldbrother, who is my equal in everything but station, and that counts nigh to nothing when we share pleasure." "If it counts so little," said Herumor boldly, "then why should be you the one doing the taking and not the other way