Tales from Halabor by Soledad Disclaimer: The main characters, the context and the main plot belong to Professor Tolkien, whom I greatly admire. I'm only trying to fill in the gaps he so graciously left for us, fanfic writers, to have some fun. All the original characters below belong to me, though. Genre: General Rating: G – R, varies from story to story. Series: "Sons of Gondor", a series of individual stories. A side product to "The Shoemaker's Daughter". Timeframe: There isn't one in particular. The date is usually given to each individual part. Summary: Independent little stories, featuring various inhabitants of Halabor. Archiving: My own website and Edhellond. Everyone else – please, ask first. INTRODUCTION This series contains independent vignettes featuring Halabor, an imaginary little Gondorian fishing and merchant town that lies on the western bank of the Anduin, opposite Cair Andros. For years, I wrote similar vignettes in the form of an Advent calendar, but the stress to produce a new story for each of the twenty-four days of Advent was getting too much. So I decided to write and post future Halabor vignettes in irregular intervals, whenever inspiration would hit. Those who are familiar with Halabor will no doubt find names and characters they have seen before. But there will also be new ones. In a town with 700-1000 inhabitants, there are many stories to tell. Unlike in earlier cases, there is no common story frame for these vignettes, save from the fact that they all take place in Halabor. The only common fact they contain is that each one mainly features young Lord Herumor, the heir of the Lord of Halabor, in various situations where he is getting familiar with his future duties and subjects. Some basic background info for those still unfamiliar with the settings: In the beliefs of the Old Folk, Nurria is the local equivalent of Yavanna. The Old Folk is the people who lived in Gondor before the arrival of the Númenóreans – and that most likely made up the major part of the local population. I made them related to the people of Bree (from afar), which is why they use the Bree-calendar and the same names for the months or the days of the week. The names they bear are usually old Cornish or Celtic names – I could not come up with so many original ones on my own, and I wanted them to have linguistically related ones. To make it easier for my readers to find their bearings, I will eventually post a timeline and a list of the most important characters, places, guilds, etc. Welcome to Halabor and enjoy your stay! Soledad PART 01 - THE ROSE HARVEST Summary: Young Lord Herumor visits the annual rose harvest on the oil merchant's fields. Summer came early in the year 3002 of the Third Age to Halabor, a small Gondorian fishing and merchant town that lay at the western bank of Anduin, opposite the southernmost edge of the isle of Cair Andros. Here, where the sheer rock upon which Lord Orchald's castle had been built many hundred years ago thrust into the body of the Great River, the water was as wide and calm as the Sea, and people simply called it the Lake, even though it was none, for the undercurrents ran deep below the surface and did not re-emerge from all that calmness but farther south, where the vellum-maker's workshop stood. With the coming of the summer came the season of the rose harvest. Thrimidge (1) had already been very warm this year, and Lithe (2) proved even warmer, thus the rose gardens were in full bloom at the beginning of the first summer moon, which was an unusual thing, but not entirely unheard of. There could be no doubt whatsoever that the harvest would be finished 'til the Summer Days (3), and that the yield of rose oil and rosewater would be exceptionally high this time. It also meant that the wives and daughters of many a poor farmer would have much work – and thus earn good coin for their families – at the beginning of the summer. Harvesting roses was women's work; one had to be small to do it more easily, with small hands and agile fingers, and one needed great skill and experience to avoid the ever-present thorns as much as possible. Even so, no-one who had ever harvested roses could avoid small injuries or even long, vicious scratches on their bare arms. Sleeves were generally rolled up or pinned back, as clothes could not mend on their own as living flesh could, and the poor womenfolk rarely had spare clothes to replace the ones torn during the back-breaking work in the rose gardens. Said gardens lay near the river bank, joining the herb gardens of the Infirmary from the east and the crop fields of the same Infirmary from the north. Further eastward from them stretched the lavender fields, which also belonged to Master Faelon, the oil merchant of Halabor, who not only traded in spiced and scented oils but also produced a great variety of them, prominently walnut, hazelnut and almond oil and vinegar, but also rose and lavender oil, rose water, various spirits made of hazelnuts and juniper or even pine seeds. He had his oil shop on the ground floor of his townhouse, but his warehouse, his oil mill and the still rooms were out here, amidst the rose and lavender fields, as it was easier to bring the majority of his products directly to the Old Port, where his barge lay at anchor, ready to ship his much sought-after wares to the South: to Minas Tirith, to Linhir and Pelargir, sometimes even as far as Umbar and Nah-Harad. The making of rose oil and rosewater had but a short tradition in Halabor. The craft – and the skills needed to practice it – had been brought there by Mistress Eirendel, the wife of the old oil-merchant, from Linhir, one of the chief towns of Lebennin, which lay right above the mouth of the River Gilrain. To the present day, Mistress Eirendel supervised the rose harvest personally, despite her advanced age. She was a tall, imposing woman of Dúnadan blood – albeit of common birth – who ruled her fragrant empire like an exiled queen, as much as she had grown fond of her home as time had gone by. She had brought the roses from the South, too: a rich, particularly fragrant sort called the Haradric Damask that grew surprisingly well in Halabor's colder climate. Unlike the local varieties that were white or yellow or pale pink, mostly, her rose gardens turned into a fragrant, moving sea of deep red and vivid pink at harvest time – a sea that threatened to swallow the busy workers among the bushes. As always, on this Meresdei (4) the harvest had begun at daybreak and proceeded 'til about the fourth hour of the day(5). As always, Mistress Eirendel had stood next to the door of the still rooms all those hours, tall, erect and dark-clothed, despite the warmth that could be felt even in this early time of the day, her raven hair, coiled in heavy braids on either side of her fine-boned face, barely touched by the frost of age. Only the slightly shrunken flesh of her cheeks revealed that she was not longer young, mayhap beyond what was considered middle age for the Old Folk, not though for her own Dúnadan kind. Her hands, though strong and shapely still, betrayed her with swollen knuckles and seamed veins, showing that in spite of her elegance, she was used to hard work all her life. "'Tis always best to harvest the rose petals while the dew is still on them," she explained to the new workers who had come to the harvest for the first time this year; due to the excellent weather, more hands were needed than usual. "The heat of the day would cause the fine oils to evaporate into the warm air. See that only the rose petals are taken; no green bits are allowed." Young Lord Herumor, who had come in his father's stead to oversee the rose harvest this year, watched with interest as the workers carefully shook the harvested rose petals from their wicker baskets into large canvas sacks, which then were loaded with the same care onto small, too-wheeled carts, on which they made the short journey from the rose gardens to the still room. "Care must be taken not to bruise the rose petals," explained Mistress Eirendel, seeing their young lord's honest interest for the process, "or else they would begin to ferment before their time and the whole day's harvest would be lost. These are delicate flowers. But feel free to go with the workers, my Lord, if you want to see what will be done next." His curiosity piqued now, young Lord Herumor followed the workers to the still rooms, which joined the oil merchant's warehouse on the opposite side as the oil mill. Once there, the sacks of rose petals were unloaded from the cart and unceremoniously dumped on the smooth, cool stone floor of a large, empty room. "Here they will ferment for a while," said Mistress Goneril, who was not only the daughter-in-law of Mistress Eirendel but also her niece, at Herumor's questioning look. "Decomposition helps to produce more fragrant oil inside of the rose petals." "How long does it take?" asked Herumor, taking a deep breath. The room was incredibly aromatic already, making it hard to breathe. It was also quite warm in there, thus he shed his light cottee hurriedly; the open-necked, fine linen shirt he wore underneath was more than enough to serve proper decorum. "Several hours," replied Mistress Goneril. "'Tis better to heat up the steam jacket when 'tis not so hot in the outside anyway." Herumor eyed the already two feet thick rose petal mattress with dreamy eyes. "It would make a bedding beyond belief," he said softly. Mistress Goneril laughed. "And it would ruin a day's hard work beyond help," she answered. "I must ask you to stay away from it, my Lord. Rose petals are very delicate." "That is what your aunt told me," said Herumor. "And she was right, of course," she replied. "That is why we cannot extract the oil with the help of steam. Once hit by the heat of steam, the rose petals would form mush, which does not permit complete distillation." "How do you do it then?" asked Herumor. "We do it with water," Mistress Goneril led him to one of the still rooms, where the distiller – a large copper container that could take about a hundred gallons of water – stood in the middle. The container was surrounded by the steam jacket, into the bottom of which the steam was introduced through a copper tube. "First we fill the still with water – fortunately, the creek that operates the oil mill has enough of it, and we can simply pump it right into the still rooms," she explained. "Then we fill in the rose petals, about one hundred pounds of it, packing the still to the top, to overflowing. The steam then causes the water inside the pot boil. If we heated the pot by direct fire, we would burn the rose petals, as the water inside would evaporate as the process goes on, and the rose petals would contact with the hot sides of the still." "And that would be bad, right?" asked Herumor. Mistress Goneril nodded. "One thing you never want to do, my Lord, is to burn your raw material." "And heating the pot this way you can prevent that?" Herumor was still a little doubtful. "Oh, aye, that we can indeed," she waved in the general direction of the pot. "You see, our still is a two-storey operation. First we load the rose petals into the top of the