Title: The Web of Darkness Author: Soledad Fandom: Forgotten Realms/LOTR crossover. Genre: Action-adventure/Mystery Rating: Teens, probably will get higher later, for disturbing stuff happening in war. Disclaimer: Middle-earth and its inhabitants belong to Professor Tolkien, whom I greatly admire. Drizzt Do'Urden belongs to R. Salvatore. I am just borrowing everyone and everything for some fun. No copyright infringement intended, no money made. Dedication: to JastaElf, for her birthday. Many happy returnings, Jasta! Beta read by Larner, thanks. Part 01 The Nazgûl Lord withdrew from the mind of the wounded spider and killed Shelob casually, with a simple mental order. She was of no use for him anymore, and he did not want any other sorcerers to find his trail in case the creature survived her severe injury. For a moment, he felt something akin to regret. His relationship with the creature – indeed, with Shelob's entire kind – had gone on for an Age and a half. He would miss the excitement of walking the dark corridors of their minds... the chance to learn their deepest secrets. Granted, the Giant Spiders of Mirkwood were barely more than animals; only their ability to speak set them apart from the other foul beasts that had slowly filled the forest through the past thousands of years. But even they still possessed shards of racial memory that reached back, way back, through the endless tunnel of time, to the birth of Ungolianth the Gloomweaver herself. And through them, the Nazgûl Lord found Shelob, whose memories, while dulled, were vast and detailed. All the Nazgûl Lord needed was to get into her mind and look for what he needed – or simply wanted – to know. Shelob was the last true descendant of Ungolianth; she might not remember all that once had been, yet the memories were still slumbering in the shadowy recesses of her mind, waiting for a skilled sorcerer to dig them out and study them. For an entire Age had the Nazgûl Lord searched and studied those memories. He had always been fascinated by the tales of Ungolianth, the Great Spider, the mysterious entity who had been born from impenetrable darkness, had an insatiable hunger for light, murdered the Two Trees of Valinor and dared to deny Melkor himself, the first, the true Dark Lord, to whom Sauron had been a mere servant. It was generally believed that the Nazgûl had accepted the Nine Rings because they wanted to serve Sauron – out of fear, out of respect... or out of greed. Well, that might have been the reason for the other eight, but most certainly not for their leader, the one who once had been Murazor, a bastard prince from the royal house of Númenor, the second son of King Tar-Ciryatan, he who called himself Ar-Balkumagân in Adûnaic(1). Murazor had been a young man of barely sixty – young for a long-lived Númenórean, that is – when he first sailed to Middle-earth, discontented with his status as an unacceptable bastard and hungry for power and adventure. It had taken but three more years for him to follow the call of Sauron to Mordor. Thus he had known the One Ring nearly all his life – had seen it all the time upon Sauron's hand. Understood its power... and desired it. He had become a student of Sauron's, with the single goal to outdo his master, both in power and knowledge. He had studied the noble traditions of his own people as well as the dark arts and become a figure almost as feared, admired and hated as his master. Almost. But almost was not enough for him. He wanted more. And when he finally received his Ring, becoming the very first of the Nazgûl, for a moment he actually believed that he had reached his ultimate goal. Only to realize that he had been trapped in servitude for eternity. Indeed, the had received the gift of eternal life. But it was a life in slavery, without any hope to escape. That moment of recognition had been the birth of his immortal, unwavering hatred towards his master, fuelled by the knowledge that his existence was now forever dependant on Sauron. He could not destroy his master without destroying himself... unless he got his hands on the One Ring. 'Twas a bitter hatred, not unlike that of the first generations of Orcs towards their Dark Lord, whom they served with clenched teeth and curses. But the Nazgûl Lord had once been a Man of Westernesse, and Men of that realm were a resilient lot. And cunning. He had gotten at least some satisfaction out of his status. Unrecognised by all – after all, near fifteen hundred years had gone by since his birth – he had watched Sauron standing in the cavernous council room of Armenelos, behind King ÛÛAr-Pharazôn's high throne. Had watched Sauron growing in power and influence in the court. Had watch the human sacrifices burned to ashes in Melkor's temple. Had listened to Sauron's whispers about the Undying Land and how the Men of Westernesse had the right to that... and to immortal life. The irony of the whole situation had not been lost to him, who had actually received immortal life... and wished he had not. Not this way at least. But he did watch the drowning of Númenor, his home of old that had never accepted him, just because he had been born in the wrong bed, with grim satisfaction. The fall of the Realm of Westernesse had, in a certain sense, set him free for the new tasks that were waiting for him in Middle-earth. He could not free himself from servitude, that much was true. But he could – and did – use his master to reach is own goals. And while Sauron was hiding or sleeping between defeat and rebirth, the Nazgûl Lord was learning and seeking tirelessly. Oh, no, not for the Ring. As long as the One was lost and slept undetected, the Ringwraiths were more or less on their own, and he enjoyed his temporary independence. He knew it would end eventually, so he tried to make the best of it. He spent century after century with honing his skills as a sorcerer... and learning as much about Ungolianth as he could from the slumbering memories of her progeny. He knew that the true power of sorcery came from the same ageless darkness that had once given birth to the Great Spider: from Móru, the primeval night. Could he manage to find a way to tap into that darkness, no-one would be able to best him anymore. Sauron would be his servant, and he would be wearing the One Ring. Deeper and deeper had he forayed into Shelob's unconscious memories, seeking his way to that unbelievable void – and found something else. Something he would never have expected. He discovered that there was a different kind of existence; a whole new world, similar to and yet utterly different from the one he was living in – if his existence still could be called life . A world in which Ungolianth, or at least an entity like her, was worshipped as a dark deity by a folk that called themselves the Drow . Dark Elves; creatures that made him understand what Melkor might have intended when he began to turn captured Elves into Orcs. The Nazgûl Lord loathed and despised Orcs. They were mindless beasts, driven to uncontrolled massacres, just for the sake of destruction, killing and maiming to fill their bottomless bellies and to continue their hideous race for another miserable generation. Melkor had obviously done a less than perfect job on them and Sauron, in two whole Ages, had been unable to improve them a bit. The Nazgûl Lord felt the same disgust for his own master. Someone as obsessed with power as Sauron had been all the time should have put some effort into making better servants. At least Saruman, lying weasel though he was, had made impressive headway with his Uruk-hai breeding program. The Uruk-hai were stunning warriors, and the Nazgûl Lord fervently hoped to get his hands on them, once Saruman had been dealt with. But they still could not even come close to the Drow, with their artful cruelty, dark beauty and incredible abilities. All these were traits the Nazgûl Lord found worth studying. And so he decided to run an experiment – to summon a single Drow away from that other plane of existence and plant him into Middle-earth, so see what kind of havoc he would wreak with the peoples of Rhovanion. It had to be a male Drow, and a warrior, not a mage. The Nazgûl Lord did not want any competition. A sorcerer or a priestess would prove too much even for him to handle. Besides, male warriors were easier to catch outside the heavily warded boundaries of their underground cities. They were sent to the surface from time to time. And it had to be Rhovanion. In the vastness of the Wilderland, a stranger like that could run free undetected for quite some time. And testing a Drow's abilities against Orcs, Wargs, Giant Spiders and, of course, Wood-Elves, promised to be interesting. He would put his subject through increasingly dangerous tests, and if the Drow proved himself, he would bring over more of them to this plane and build his own army in Dol Guldur. He had to act quickly, though. In a short time, he would have to empty Minas Morgul, in order to go to war against Gondor. Once the last realm of Westernesse was destroyed, its cities levelled and its remaining people enslaved, Sauron would calm down again and send him back to Dol Guldur, to keep an eye on the northern realm. By then, he would have to know whether a Drow army could be the basis of his personal power. Khamûl would keep an eye on the experience for him. But he needed to start it without delay. He decided to travel in his true form, as a shapeless wraith. He hated doing so, for it reminded him how he had lost everything but his knowledge and willpower during the long millennia of his existence, but it was the fastest and most secret way. If he was quick enough, he could be gone and back within the day. And no-one, not even Sauron who was obsessedly looking for that Ring of his, would learn about his short absence. "Take my belongings back to Minas Morgul," he ordered is personal servant, a mute, white-eyed slave from Far-Harad, who could get in and out without even the other Nazgûl spotting him. "And keep my chamber locked 'til I return." Not even waiting for the man's nod, he jumped off the highest tower of Cirith Ungol and flew with the speed of thought to the North, where his true fortress, the dark tower of Dol Guldur stood, in the dense forest of Southern Mirkwood. Drizzt Do'Urden of the ancient house of Daernon N'shezbaernon had completely succumbed to the primeval hunter that had been trying to take over his body and soul for a very long time. He had become a creature of pure instinct now; a survivor against all odds, a predator among other predators. He even ceased to remember the times when he had been something else. Something more. He no longer knew how long he had led this solitary existence of hunting and being hunted; of killing in order to avoid being killed. He no longer knew that he was still young for a Drow Elf and could go on this way, like some mindless beast, for another four hundred years, if not more. He had forgotten having ever been anything – or anyone – else: a person of conscience of strong principles, which in itself had been quite the contradiction for a Drow Elf. Drow Elves were born of chaos, lived in chaos and served the chaos