EMISSARY OF THE MARK (Aka: How Elfhelm Went to Rhûn, Saved the Day and Got the Girl) by Soledad Disclaimer: Middle-earth with all his parts and peoples, especially the Rohirrim and the Dúnedain, is not mine. I wish they were, but let's face it, they are not. They belong to the Great Professor Tolkien, whom I've been admiring for the last thirty-odd years of my life. Yes, I am actually that old! Nor do I make any money of this. Dou you think I'd still work if I did? Now, on the other hand, the peoples of Rhûn are all mine. Their history, their customs, their twisted personalities – I developed them for my own fantasy universe in the early 1980es and simply adapted them to Middle-earth for the sake of this story. The story plot is mine, too. When I wanted to do something more original, I started to think about Rhûn. We know literally nothing of this part of Middle-earth, except that, and I quote Aragorn, "the stars are strange" there. Then I brought out the map from The Unfinished Tales and saw a huge land, reaching from the Iron Hills to Khand, trapped between Mordor and Dol Guldur... and it strongly reminded me of a certain part of my own universe. I decided to use an old concept of mine, complete with tribal struggles and tragically-fated characters and a fully developed story plot, to write an action/adventure story. I also wanted a fresh and underused LOTR-character for this story, one that was not yet tugged through all that now so fashionable smut; one that was practically unknown, with little to nothing personal background, so that he would blend in with my original characters, but still known enough even for those who only knew the three books of LOTR to get interested in him. And since I always loved the Rohirrim, I chose Elfhelm. I made him Éomer's kinsman from Eastfold, gave him a complex family background and sent him on an important quest, negotiating some peace treaty with the Prince of Rhûn. Chapter One: The High Symbel Author's notes: This is a simplified version of Chapter 1, without all the weird Old English phrases and expressions. The original version, which is also several paragraphs longer, can be seen on the edhellondawards LJ community. A few remarks before you start reading (boring, I know, but maybe helpful): 1) The religion of the Rohirrim is entirely my creation, made up on the basis of the pagan Anglo-Saxon beliefs. The Angelseaxisce website was a great help with the rituals. 2) Frána son of Gálmód was a name first considered (and then rejected) by Tolkien for Wormtongue. I found it in the HoME-books and created the character. 3) Idis, Théoden's daughter existed shortly aside (or, at some point, instead) of Éowyn. Since it is explicitly said that Queen Elfhild died in childbirth, I made Idis a bastard child, who was acknowledged by her father nevertheless. 4) The Lady Aud, Théodred's wife and the rest of Erkenbrand's family are my OCs. About Aud's fate see: "Ice Blossom". x Edoras – the 4th day of Eostre-monath (1), in the year 3014 of the Third Age It was late noon when Elfhelm son of Hengest, the Marshal of the garrison of Edoras and that of the Household Guard of Théoden King, finally managed to set out for the golden hall of Meduseld. He would have come earlier, but he had to break up a short but ugly fight between a few warriors under his command, who already had celebrated the return of spring with a few tankards of mead beyond their endurance (and that meant a lot among the Riders of the Mark). Then he had to regroup the next watch, as one of the wounded had been supposed to be on duty within the next cycle. Truth be told, he could have had his second-in-command to deal with his men. Not only was Ahaewan twelve summers older than Elfhelm and fully capable of keeping an éored of more or less drunken warriors under control, he had also been appointed to celebrate the feast of Eostre with them in the garrison, while the ealdormen and the King's thegen s were called to the royal table in Meduseld. Usually, Elfhelm would have left things in Ahaewan's most capable hands. But today he felt somewhat restless, and – strangely enough – getting in the middle of a brawl helped to set his mind at ease. Unfortunately, this also meant that he had to return to the town house of his own family, on the other side of Edoras, to put on something more appropriate than his mail shirt and the tunic that had got stained with the blood of his fighting, drunk warriors. To his relief, his kin had already left for the feast; the last thing he wanted was his father seeing him in this shape. He washed himself quickly, put on some finer clothes, and hurried off to climb all those endless steps up to the doors of the Golden Hall. 'Twas a wonder in itself that he did not come too late. Which would have been a very bad thing indeed. This was the night of the High Symbel, held in the Golden Hall by Théoden King himself – one of the greatest feasts of the year, and Elfhelm had been invited by his King to celebrate Eostre at the royal table, as he was the son of one of the most powerful ealdormen of the Mark, aside from being the Marshal of Edoras. The festivities had already begun in the early morning. A procession by torchlight had been held around the whole city. The boundaries had been beaten with besoms and birch sticks, to drive away ill wishing wights that might cause illness by man and horse, playfully swatting at the laughing and shrieking children in the process. Unwed lads had been chasing the maidens to pour buckets of water all over them ensuring this way that they would remain beautiful and fertile for their future husbands. Now quite a few hours later, the same children were still roaming the streets, wearing wreaths of new green upon their heads, begging for eggs on the doorsteps of the houses or seeking for hidden eggs in the gardens. The maidens, now in dry clothes again, were singing in the houses, while making their own preparations for the feast. The lads were standing in small groups, talking, jesting and drinking, or wandering from house to house, so that each and every one could sing a self-made song under the window of his beloved. The whole town was full of music and laughter and mouth-watering scents, and Elfhelm smiled in delight, seeing the happiness of the people he was oath-bound to protect. They might be living in dark times, but Eostre had returned to the Éothéod , and mayhap, just mayhap, the upcoming year would be better than the previous one had been. The Marshal quickened his steps and finally reached the stone-paved terrace at the head of the long stairway that led from the gates of Edoras to the doors of Meduseld. There he stood for a moment, looking straight in the laughing blue eyes of Háma, the Doorward of the King and also the doorward of the High Symbel – meaning, that during the feast it was not only his duty to guard the doors, but also to welcome the guests as they arrived, and to prevent the uninvited from entering. Elfhelm found that Háma was the perfect choice for all those tasks. The man could only be described as… imposing. The men of the Mark were all tall and strong, but Háma could only be compared with the ice giants of the old saga s. He towered over the Marshal, who was no Dwarf himself, looking twice as big in his polished armour as a common Rider, his heavy braids flowing down his broad back like molten gold. He barely fit under the doorway with the high helmet upon his head. "Welcome," the Doorward said with a broad grin almost splitting his handsome face in two, using the traditional words of the rarely spoken old dialect. "Théoden-King greets his knights in friendship. Welcome, my Lord. Be thou hale.' "Be thou hale," replied Elfhelm in kind and clasped forearms with the Doorward in warrior fashion. "I hope I am not late," he then added, switching back to the common dialect spoken in these late days. "Almost… but not quite," answered Háma, stepping aside to allow him entrance. "The blowhorn has not sounded yet. But you need to hurry up." Elfhelm nodded his thanks and entered the Golden Hall. It was brightly lit with torches, the long tables arranged in a U-shape, the open end to the doors, and already set. Théoden King sat on his usual place, in a great, gilded chair upon the dais at the far end of the Hall. The guests were still standing along the walls, on both sides, waiting for the horn-call that would signalise the beginning of the symbel. A young esquire came forth with a wide copper bow and a white cloth, bowed to Elfhelm and held the bowl before him, so that he could was his hands according to custom. He did so and thanked the lad; and barely had he finished, when another esquire stepped forth and blew a beautifully-crafted ceremonial horn. At this sign, a thin, dark-haired and pale-faced man in rich garment – Gríma son of Gálmód, the chief counsellor of the King – rose from the steps of the dais where he had been sitting at Théoden's feet and took upon the task to get the guests seated. Sternly seen, this was a little… unusual, as the symbelgifa – the host of the feast – was supposed to do that. But Théoden's health had not been what it used to be lately, and it seemed only reasonable that he would be spared this small task, so that he could save his strength for the later, more important one. Still, Elfhelm felt strangely uncomfortable to see the counsellor act in the King's stead. He knew not for certain, why, but it made him feel… uneasy. In the meantime, the celebrants were seated at the King's table, according to their rank and seniority in the gathering. Thus Prince Théodred the Brave was seated to the right of his sire's chair, while Théoden's sister-son, Éomer son of Éomund, barely old enough to sit among the grown warriors, sat to his left. On Prince Théodred's other side sat his wife, Aud of the deep eyes, with her father Erkenbrand, the Master of the Westfold and lord of the Hornburg, while to Éomer's left his sister, the Lady Éowyn sat – tall and slender and proud, called Steelsheen among the men of the Mark. She was clad in flawless white, and a blackened silver clasp, adorned with the likeness of the White Tree of Mundburg – an old family heirloom from her grandmother, Morwen of Lossarnach – fastened her cloak on one shoulder. She had been officially introduced to the court during the latest Yuletide feast and still seemed a little uncertain about her place among the noble women. Elfhelm smiled fondly, remembering a long-limbed and very determined little girl who had wanted naught else but to be taught how to wield a sword – and learned she had it, marvellously. There were few Riders who could have matched the skills of Éowyn Éomundsdaughter, shieldmaiden of the Mark. Gríma stepped up to Elfhelm's side now and escorted him to the table where his kin had already been seated. His father, the maegtheow (2) of Clan Éowain and Lord of the Eastfold, sat opposite Erkenbrand, next to the Lady Éowyn, with his firstborn and second-born sons and their wives, and there was also a seat left free for Elfhelm, on the side of Idis, his brother Adhemar's wife.