I lay on my bed just staring at my ceiling, just stare at its pale white pigment trying hard not to fall asleep because if I do, They'd come back, the nightmares. So I try, my eyes burn from keeping it open. I inhale sharply, bruising my parched throat, my bitten nails dig through the side of my thighs; I have to stay awake, I have to. I bite my chapped lips hard till it bleeds and reach my tongue out to its bitter taste. I sit up and turn my head to Peeta's house. He's still probably painting; we victors do our best not to fall asleep. He came back months ago, I first saw him planting a primrose bush on the front of my house. He looked at me as if to ask my permission if what he's doing is okay, I just gave him a curt nod then retreated back inside. I lie back down and listen to the fast pace of my heartbeat; I stare again at the ceiling. There's nothing special with it but it's pale and lifeless and that's what I want to be right now. I failed. The darkness seeped through the pale white pigment of my ceiling until it's all gone. … … … I'm walking cautiously in the woods, Gale trailing behind me. The weather's not good today so we better hurry and get the trapped rabbits or squirrels in the snares that Gale set up. I stopped. "Hey, what's the matter Catnip?" Gale asks. I shake my head and murmur, "Nothing, let's go." "Here Catnip, I'll lead, I think I got something large today." Gale says, changing our path and heading left to the nearby creek. Gale starts to run and there are noises, so much loud bangs coming from our back. "Gale! Gale! Slow down or they'll hear us!" I urge Gale under my breath. I don't know who 'they' were but all Gale does was look back at me with this wide smirk on his face. I scowl but I still follow him. Gale finally stops and he's blocking the snare's view so I can't see it. "Gale, what's the matter with you?" I ask him and he guffaws. I look at the snare and it's not a rabbit or a squirrel or any particular animal we always catch, it's Prim. "Katniss! Katniss!" Prim shouts while her eyes are just staring at me with pain. Gale's laughs start to increase, exceeding Prim's screams, it grows louder and louder until it feels like it's punching my head, I look at him and shout "What's the matter with you Gale? What's your problem? Why are you doing this?" I clutch his sleeves and his face contorts and he becomes Snow, I instantly smell the poisoned roses covering the smell of the blood dripping out of his mouth. I let go of him. "Why Katniss? Is something bothering you?" he comes closer to my face as I move away. He laughs again. I scream. I try to block out his words, crushing my ears with my hands, digging my nails to the side of head. I scream louder. I look at Snow again and his face is contorting, he turns into Coin. "You're useless Katniss, you're weak." Coin taunts. I look at Prim again and she's burning, there's fire around her and she starts to scream again, she's screaming my name again and again "Katniss! Katniss!" and I can't do anything, I can't move, the ground's starting to swallow me, it's holding me down so I start to scream. … … … "KATNISS!" I open my eyes and Peeta's eyes are staring back at mine. Peeta grasping both of my shoulders, my body covered in cold sweat. "Peeta! Prim's in- Prim's in danger! Peeta, we have to go to the woods! She's there Peeta!" I shout at him but all he does is stare back at me with this forlorn face, his eyebrows knitted together. His arid eyes holding back tears. His mouth pursed as if he's biting it inside, he exhales deeply then looks at me directly. "Prim's safe now Katniss, she's safe..." Peeta whispers to me as he holds my face in his hands. I remember... I lost Prim. I failed her. I didn't save her. Then I did something I've never done for months, I hugged him. I clung onto Peeta and let go. I cry for my sister, I cry for Peeta, I cry for everyone I failed. He softly soothes me on the back and whisper sweet white lies. "Everything's fine Katniss, I'm here, I'm always going to be here." He says, kissing the side of my head. "You- You're not always going to be here Peeta…" I say, my voice breaking. "I am, I will always be Katniss, if you'd let me." He let goes of me then stands up. He turns to go. "Peeta." Silence came before he finally looks back. "Don't go, just stay here with me, please." I say to him, moving to make space for him. He sits by the edge of my bed as he discards his prosthetics and lies on my bed. We face the ceiling. "Do you know I want to be like that?" I ask him with a whisper, he snickers. "You want to be a ceiling?" he asks. "Yes." a long pause came as I said that then he bites his bottom lip knowing what I meant by that. He stares at me and says "You're already like that." He reaches for a lock of my hair and twirls it in his fingers; he whispers, "Will you please, stay with me too?" I closed my eyes and turn to him, resuming to my old place on his chest, just listening to its rhythm like I did long ago, he wraps his scar-filled arm on me and I curl unto him. We sleep, we sleep unsteadily and unsure but we were able to rest. … … … Everyday we have this routine, Peeta, after waking up, immediately goes back to his house to bake; he sleeps in my house now after that night. I, well, when I wake up it's difficult for me to get up, I curl up in my bed and stare at the pills on my bedside table, I told them I didn't need it and it's useless too because I am never going to take those pills. I found no reason for me to ever get up from that bed until I smell the cheese buns that Peeta always bring for me, he's the reason I stand up; he's still taking care of me even after what I did to him, I was the one who gave him so much pain, but he never gave up; I don't get it, he surely doesn't love me anymore so why? After showering, braiding my hair and dressing up to my usual hunting clothes, I go down. I see this plate full of cheese buns on the counter with a note that says: Good morning Katniss! - Peeta. The corners of my mouth turn up a little bit; he's the only one that makes me smile. I lean on the counter and eat a couple of cheese buns. Buttercup suddenly comes in, he doesn't stay here or maybe I just don't notice him but sometimes I can hear him scratching Prim's door, he's still waiting for her, I get mad at him at times, I scream at him, shouting that Prim's not here anymore but even after that, I feel sorry and I'd let him sleep beside me; I threw him a few of cheese buns. Once I finished, I go to the woods without my bow. I don't really hunt now, sometimes I still take home some rabbits and/or squirrels from the snares but usually, when I go to the woods I just sit on the highest branch of a tree and think. I think of Prim mostly, I also think of Finnick and how Annie will have a son that won't get to meet his father because I failed them, I think of Cinna, I think of Portia, of Madge, of all the people that died because of me and the family they left behind, I think of them and say sorry over and over again. I try my best not to jump over from that branch and just end it all, I think of Peeta when that happens which was always, I think of Peeta and how I could still make it up to him; he still has flashbacks, there were times when we're eating our dinner then he'll just shout at me to go away, I wanted to help him but he lashes at me so I have no choice. While sitting high up, I look at the other trees surrounding me, the dull sunlight slipping through the leaves, the flutter of the birds' wings, I listen to the mockingjays' passing alternate sweet melodies, I sigh deeply and dig my nails on the branch of tree I am sitting on, the forest's like a codeine to me. I try to recall each detail of Prim's face, I do it every day because I'm afraid of forgetting her, I need to recall the exact way she speaks, I need to recall her voice, her sweet gentle voice that could wipe away all the bad things in the world; I need to recall her blue innocent eyes; I need to remember the exact way she laughs, or how she would do her best to make you better. Her strength. I have this fear that I'm maybe losing her completely; losing the memories I had with her. I quickly got down from the tree and ran, I ran to the Victors' village, I didn't even mind the weird stares of the people, I just ran straight to Peeta's house and without even knocking, I got in, he's not in the kitchen, it means he's painting. I hastily ran up the stairs and got to the room where he paints. He's there standing, yellow and blue paint smudged all over his hands, his disheveled blonde hair has red paint on some parts of it. "Peeta.." I say his name with a gasp, still exhausted from running. He immediately released the brush he was holding and took hold of me before my knees buckle down, my body's still weak. "Katniss, what's wrong? Are you hurt? Why were you running?" Peeta asks question after question so I cut him and say "I'm okay, it's just, I thought of Prim." "I know you miss her Katniss, I do too." Peeta says to me. "I know, I'm just worried of losing her, the memory of her and I thought maybe we should write about her.. about everyone that we love, you could even draw or paint them and we'll compile it so we can make a–" "–a book, a book for them..." Peeta continues my sentence. "Will that be okay?" I ask him. "Okay? Katniss, that's brilliant! Do you want to start now?" he says this with a smile I didn't know I was waiting for, his crooked smile. "Yes." I reply with a simple nod. Peeta asked me how would I want him to paint Prim, I told him about a memory, when Prim and I would play at this very special garden our own minds created, it was just in our minds that our house was full of flowers and life, that's what I do whenever Prim's gets scared or worried, I make her remember about our special place. Every now and then he asks some questions about the place, he asks me to describe the whole memory. Like how was the day from that memory, was it warm and sunny, were there many flowers around, what's the colour of the flowers, what do the trees that surround them look like, were there many cluttered leaves on the