Take this kiss upon the brow! And, in parting from you now, Thus much let me avow: You are not wrong who deem That my days have been a dream; Yet if hope has flown away In a night, or in a day, In a vision, or in none, Is it therefore the less gone? All that we see or seem Is but a dream within a dream. I stand amid the roar Of a surf-tormented shore, And I hold within my hand Grains of the golden sand- How few! yet how they creep Through my fingers to the deep, While I weep-while I weep! O God! can I not grasp Them with a tighter clasp? O God! can I not save One from the pitiless wave? Is all that we see or seem But a dream within a dream? ~ Edgar Allen Poe, A Dream Within a Dream -.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.-.- Draco Black was not having a good summer. In fact, if there were a worst summer ranking, his summer would be right up there as a probable winning contestant. Things had started off innocently enough. He'd left Hogwarts and met Tracey Davis in Hogsmeade. She had brought along several things relating to Muggle culture and they had grabbed a quick lunch so that Tracey could explain a few basic things before they ventured in the Muggle world. Draco was an attentive student, taking in the information with a blank face and nodding when appropriate. When they left Hogsmeade, things continued relatively well. Tracey helped Draco buy a Tube pass, charging it up with enough cash that he likely wouldn't have to recharge it for the rest of the summer (though she explained how to, in case he needed to). They took the Tube to central London, where Tracey had found a reasonably-priced flat of a university student away for a summer internship. The student met the two of them at the flat and showed them around before they negotiated the rent and settled the deal. It was made clear that anything in the flat was available for Draco's use, including the food and cleaning supplies, except for the student's personal possessions placed in a locked bedroom. Draco let Tracey do most of the talking, as he barely understood a word (refrigerator? new appliances? laundry machine?). She assured him the price was very good, and the space was clean, if small. The student handed them the key and left with a smile, first month's rent in hand. He didn't even have to sign anything, as apparently Tracey's older sister was his new landlord's close friend. Tracey began a second house tour, this one specifically geared toward the house's technology. Draco learned about light switches, how to use the bath, the various gadgets in the kitchen…it was a novel experience. Draco was amazed at the Muggle technology. Sure, some things were less efficient (namely, laundry) but overall, he was impressed. Draco unshrunk his trunk after removing it from his pocket. It was locked with multiple privacy charms, so he had no apprehension about leaving it in plain sight. He unlocked his trunk and hefted a small purse of several thousand pounds, sufficient to live out the summer. At Tracey's urging, he withdrew five hundred pounds and they left the flat. Tracey introduced him to all the relevant areas nearby, as well as the shopping centers where he could buy clothes, food, and other necessities. Draco made some basic clothing purchases, they ate dinner out, and then Draco walked Tracey to the Tube, where she headed to her home for the night after they agreed on a meeting place and time for the following day. Draco returned to the flat and began casting basic magical protections and wards. He made sure to erect a ward that allowed him to cast magic inside the flat without it being detected as underage magic. All in all, Draco was not overly thorough on the protection wards, because no one would look for a former Malfoy in Muggle London. That was likely the start of things taking a turn for the worse. However, Draco was blissfully unaware and slept well in the flat's spare bedroom. The next morning, things continued along a similar track. Tracey introduced Draco to the wonders of a mobile phone, the Internet, and television. They went to the nearest mobile service provider and opened an account for Draco. He decided to select the cheapest phone, knowing that when he returned to Hogwarts it would be useless. Fortunately for Draco, the cable and internet services were already provided and paid for in the flat, as he likely wouldn't have indulged in them if he'd been required to pay. The previous day's instructions on laundry and cleaning were put to use, and Draco discovered that he absolutely abhorred cleaning and especially laundry. He didn't intend to do it again for the duration of his stay, preferring simple charms to the manual labor. Next on the agenda was cooking. To his surprise, Draco greatly enjoyed the task, finding it comparable to potions. Tracey, who deemed herself a decent but basic cook, admitted that his skill at cooking probably surpassed her own already, simply because of his precision when following recipes. Days passed and Draco adapted to the new lifestyle. There were occasional moments where he was completely baffled by some element of the Muggle lifestyle, but for the most part he was able to blend in fairly well. Tracey began to search for summer positions that Draco could manage with his tentative grasp on Muggle experience, and lack of job experience in general. It was difficult, but eventually they found an older couple, Mr. and Mrs. Evans, who owned a bookstore and small cafe and were looking for temporary help while their eldest daughter was recovering from an accident. They agreed to hire Draco and he worked there in the afternoons and evenings, when one of the owners was vising their daughter. After Draco had obtained a job, Tracey had stopped visiting Draco every day and they instead communicated via text message whenever Draco had a question. It was mid-July when the trouble-free routine ended, and the hellish summer began. He had gone for a jog in the nearby park that morning, taking in some fresh air and getting out of the flat, where he spent most of his time when he wasn't at the bookstore. He was enjoying the quiet morning until, all at once, he wasn't any longer. Likely, he was no longer enjoying the morning air because he was face down on the ground with a splitting headache. He knew right away that this wasn't any sort of normal headache: it was too sudden and too intense to be anything but an injury- or magical-induced headache. Either he had some sort of brain tumor, or his Sight was screwing him over again. Draco would bet on the latter. He struggled to rise to his feet, but suddenly blacked out. When he came to, a small group of people hovered over him, speaking obnoxiously loudly and getting too close to him to be comfortable. The pain was gone, as abruptly as it had arrived. Luckily, no one had yet called an ambulance (he didn't need the added expense) and he waved away their concern, stating that he was recovering from the flu. Draco went straight back to his flat, unlocked his trunk and removed its protective spells, and withdrew the Seer manuscript he had discovered inside the Chamber of Secrets at the end of the last school year. He had remembered reading something about headaches briefly…ah, there it was. Seer's First Rule: Control the Sight before it controls you. When a Seer's powers develop or increase in scope, visions are sometimes blocked temporarily because the Seer's Sight is too undeveloped to comprehend the vision. If this takes place frequently enough, the Seer will begin to have painful headaches, which can be life-threatening if not dealt with. To resolve this issue, the vision block must be removed. Several methods of removal have been discovered, but all are dangerous. The first, a Potion, requires rare and expensive ingredients and can only be used if the Seer is of legal magical age and a legacy Pureblood (involving a connection to generations of family magic). Another method, meditative training, is effective but dangerous to the Seer, as it involves deep meditation (notes on page PVII) and immersion into the magical Sight. Such deep immersion can lead to horrific visions, mental stress, injury to the Seer, or even insanity. The last known method, and the most dangerous, is the Immeo Recuso spell, which allows the caster to enter their own psyche and physically dismantle the Sight block. It is recommended that the Potion be attempted first, if the Seer meets the conditions. Although dangerous, deep meditation is less hazardous than the Immeo Recuso spell and should be attempted next. If all other options fail, the Immeo Recuso spell can be used. Draco skimmed the rest of the section, but found nothing else about the headaches. As he flipped to page PVII, he wondered why, rather than right after he had been "adopted," he had begun to suffer the headaches weeks later. Having read the text, he asked for a week off from work. After Draco mentioned that he had collapsed in the park, the older couple readily reassured him that they would be fine for a week, urging him to take care of himself. That being taken care of, Draco gathered supplies for a week's trip outside the city, knowing that seclusion would be necessary if he was fooling around with magic. He headed out to a isolated camping area early the next morning and made sure that there were no other campers nearby, taking time to enter deep meditation. He should have known better than to continue learning about his Sight slowly, content that the Seer items he had received from Kalistos would be adequate protection. He didn't immediately notice anything was wrong when he awoke. An intense vision had come over him, longer than any of those he had experienced before. Upon awakening, however, he couldn't remember anything but snatches of color and blurry faces. However, when he tried to sit up, his entire body was weak and stiff. An aura of magic lingered around his tent, and he found his body…changed. He had lost weight, his mouth was dry, and his voice came out in a rasp. Draco tried to gather his things, but his physical strength was depleted after a little bit of movement. A sudden, intense burst of thirst came upon him. Reaching into his pack, he greedily drank from the water bottles he had brought along, careful not to choke. Hunger pangs also shook his body, so he ate slowly so as not to get sick. He had turned his mobile phone off, hoping not to be disturbed, but he reached for it now, intending to call for help. He was unsure that he would be able to hike out, let alone take his gear along. As he held the power button and the screen switched on, Draco's stomach felt as if it had dropped out of his body. He had come to the campsite at the end of June, intending to stay for a week. His mobile phone informed him that the date was August 24. It had been nearly two months since he had left London. To make matters worse, he had no idea what had occurred, or if he would continue to have debilitating headaches. He immediately entered his contacts menu in his mobile's menu, thumbing down to Tracey's number. Right before he pressed the call button, though, he hesitated. His mobile abruptly acquired service, allowing flood of voicemails and missed calls to pop up across his screen. Draco quickly tapped a few buttons and listened to the voicemails, frowning when he heard the concern in Tracey's voice. The notion