Disclaimer: Everything but the OCs is Tolkien's. Warning: Some violence, nothing super graphic. Background: Númenor, the land founded and first ruled by Elros, the mortal brother of Elrond Half-Elven has lost its original virtue. Its people long for the immortal life of the Eldar, despite their great life spans and turn from the Valar. Elves are no longer welcome and their language is forbidden. In the West, the Lords of Andúnië still secretly cling to the ways of their fathers and in the East in Rómenna, those who openly honor the Valar and respect the elves gather. They are known as the Elendili, the Faithful. It is in this chaotic and darkening world that Elendil and his sons are born, from whom the Kings of Gondor and Arnor are descended. Chapter 1 – The Herald Queen Inzilbêth looked anxiously behind her as she entered the courtyard of her uncle's palace in Rómenna. She could only hope that her husband had no news of her flight, for Ar-Gimilzôr was a hard man and there was now no love between them. For a time perhaps he had been entranced by her beauty though she had wed him only out fear for her family, for she was of the faithful who yet honored the Valar and welcomed the Eldar among them. Even this slight hold upon him had long since passed, though her beauty had not yet faded. It was their children that now caused the open rift between them. Their eldest, Inziladûn was like unto his mother, fair of face, courteous and kindly, more like Elros then many of his latest forefathers. The younger, Gimilkhâd, however, was the child of his father, handsome and prideful in appearance, he openly disdained the Valar and of elves he would speak nothing but evil. It was for the sake of her eldest that she now sought the wisdom of the Lord of Andúnië. The long years of seeing only the arrogance of his father and friends and their slurs of the Eldar were at last taking their toll upon her child's spirit. No longer did he seek out his mother for tales of the Eldar days and songs and lore of old. Now he sought the company of the rich and the proud, and her heart bled within her to see the innocence of her child tainted by the court. Gracefully, she dismounted and handed her horse over to the care of the waiting servant, keeping her veil bound about her face. From the outside the palace seemed void of light and sound, for dark drapes covered the windows and no laughter or light-hearted chatter rang out as it had once. Silently she slipped within, keeping to the shadows until she reached Eärendur's private chambers. She did not knock, but slipped within his study, blinking in the light. She looked up and her eyes widened with astonishment and horror. She, the queen of Númenor was staring into the face of her husband's greatest fears. An elf sat in the light, it pooled gleaming on his golden hair and lit his fair face with a rosy glow. He stood and bowed. "Queen Inzilbêth" he said softly, his voice hushed and musical "Please have a seat while I seek out your uncle." Inzilbêth was too astonished to protest as he disappeared through the doorway. Her head pounded miserably with this newest worry. She had defied her husband to seek out her uncle, only to tangle herself in the dangerous company of an elf. If the king should hear of her doings this night… The queen was not afraid of the elf because of his race. In fact under happier circumstances she would have been glad to see at last one of the Eldar, it was merely her fear of the prevalent hatred for elvenkind that worried her so deeply. She was startled from her thoughts by the entrance of the Lord of Andúnië and the elf. Eärendur was a handsome man, tall and dark-haired, reminding her sharply of the king's short-comings. However, his noble features were clouded with worry and a little fear as he looked down upon his niece. Even though the Lords of Andúnië had never openly shown their commitment to the cause of the Elendili ( Elf-friends ), they were looked upon with suspicion by the kings, a suspicion that could now become a charge of treason should any of the so-called King's Men hear of it. The very speaking of the elven-tongue had been forbidden and was harshly punished in these sorry days yet he was harboring and elf and not any elf, an elven prince. Even worse he feared what evil would befall the prince should he be discovered. Though his own punishment would be far from pleasant, the elf's would be much worse. Eärendur sat heavily, the golden prince, calm and seemingly unconcerned by his danger beside him. "Inzilbêth" he began tentatively hoping that her presence meant that she was yet untainted by the ways of the court. "Uncle Eärendur" she responded readily enough, "I come seeking your counsel for the sake of my son." "Prince Inziladûn?" he asked confused. "Inziladûn is becoming proud and arrogant, the ways of the court are turning him from us." she said sadly, "He seeks out the company of the king's men. I fear for him, he is turning against all that I have taught him, I know not how to reach him." Her cry was desperate, pleading for the soul of her child. Eärendur sat silently as the elf glanced at the two. "Perhaps, I may aid the prince." he said softly, breaking the silence. Uncle and niece looked at him startled. Eärendur opened his mouth but the prince spoke before him. "It is a risk, I know." he stated, "But it sounds as though your son needs a shock, something to wake him from his complacence and ill-companions. He must see that the lies and rumors about both my people and the Lords of the West are untrue. If I were to speak with him…" "Absolutely not" interrupted Eärendur, "If the prince has truly turned your life would be in danger your high…" he broke off, his face pale. Inzilbêth looked at the elf with renewed interest. "May I inquire as to your name your highness?" she asked curiously. The elf looked deep within her eyes, his gaze seeming to pierce her very thoughts. He smiled. "There is no deception in your heart" he said, glancing reassuringly at Eärendur, "Still it would be best you did not know my true name, the fewer who know the better, though I mean no discourtesy to your honor, your majesty. Please, call me Eldarcáno and forget that you ever heard my title." his voice was kindly but grave. The queen nodded but she could not help wondering about the identity of the royal messenger. Eldarcáno turned to her uncle, silencing his objections with a wave of a long-fingered hand. "Eärendur, my friend" he said firmly, "I am well aware of the possible outcome of my venture, but to have another king like Ar-Gimilzôr will bring the wrath of the Valar upon Númenor. If you wish the land of the star to endure something must be risked." Eärendur's eyes still showed his numerous misgivings but he did not gainsay the prince. Eldarcáno turned back to the queen. "How can I find your son, where none will see us?" Inzilbêth thought quickly, the palace was far too dangerous and she could not send him to the Harbor of Andúnië without observation. "He enjoys hunting in the forests of Andustar, but he usually takes several companions. He never goes alone and even if he so desired the king would forbid it." "I doubt not that I can avoid the notice of his companions." said the elf thoughtfully, a smile dancing in his eyes, "And if the meeting should go ill, it gives me several days to escape from their hands." Eärendur winced, "Pray Elbereth that it goes well, my friend. I do not want to even imagine the evil that they would do you should you be discovered." Eldarcáno smiled at his grim tone, "Surely, you misdoubt my abilities, my friend. If I am caught and kept by a pack of court younglings I will not complain of my treatment!" Prince Inziladûn rode ahead of his friends as they crashed through the virgin forest. His handsome face was alert and concentrated as he followed the swift feet of a great buck. But though he deftly guided his horse over fallen branches and around the trees in his path he failed to notice that his companions were no longer behind him. Neither did he note that he had left the path in his pursuit. The buck vanished into the distance, the white of its gleaming coat disappearing among the green of the forest with surprising ease. Inziladûn reined in disappointed and turned expecting to see his friends. He was in a deep clearing, ancient trees lifting their imperious crowns to the sky rose far above his head while about him the grass grew in a thick carpet. The only sounds were the merry tinkling of a hidden rill and the soft rustle of leaves in the wind. No bird call broke the peace of the glade. Entranced, he stood looking about him wonder. Some unknown sense made him turn and there beneath the spreading arms of the greatest of the oaks stood a figure. Majestic and breathtaking as the tree above him, he stood perfectly still, his golden hair shining and a faint light shimmering about him. He was tall and slender of form but with an air of power and strength hanging about him. Surely, this was one of the Valar themselves, and so thinking Inziladûn knelt upon one knee. A merry laugh rang out and the figure advanced towards him shaking his head. The prince stood slowly. "I am not one of the Valar that you should pay me such homage" he heard the melodious voice saying. He looked up and started upon seeing the face. Flawless skin, deep grey-green eyes filled with the wisdom of thousands of years, the slightly leaf-shaped ears. An Elf. Inziladûn stumbled back, his mind conflicted between the tales of his mother and those of his newest friends. Elves are the firstborn, wise and fair, aiding men with their knowledge and skill he heard Inzilbêth's voice in his head. But other, newer and stronger memories awoke also elves are prideful and arrogant, flaunting their immortality in the faces of men. They remain aloof, abandoning men to their fate when they do not seek him out and destroy him. Never look them in the eyes lest you be cast under their spell. If you should ever see an elf my son bring him to me. They will try to ensnare you in their lies, do not listen or you will never be seen again… The prince's head snapped back up, avoiding the elf's eyes as his father's warning sounded through his memory. Had not this elf separated him from his friends and brought him here alone? "Prince Inziladûn" the golden-haired one said bowing slightly, "Will you hear what I have to tell you?" Inziladûn nodded as he thought desperately of some way to outwit the deadly creature before him. Elves are swifter than the diving falcon and seldom caught unless you gain their trust. The prince forced his face to seem fascinated rather than repelled and listen attentively to the elf's warning, trying to ignore the sinking feeling at the thought of his own duplicity and the caging of such a magnificent creature. Eldarcáno put all of his passion and fears for the well-being of Númenor into his plea, hoping that the young prince would see his earnest desire to aid him and his people, to reawaken the slumbering innocence of the boy, to make him see where their faithlessness and pride was leading.