Title-Yeah, Yeah (Bonfire) Author-Jypzrose Rating- NC-17Disclaimer- I do not own the Hunger Games Summary-Rye Mellark is back and Primrose Everdeen is ready. A/N-Title from Joe Nichols song Yeah. Except the Bonfire part. That's mine. And the name of the town is a Gone With the Wind reference. Rye Mellark … Primrose Everdeen was standing outside of Johnson's Pharmacy , rifling through her purse for her keys when she heard the distinctive throb of a Harley Davidson Streetglide. Not that she knew much about motorcycles in general. But she knew that was his motorcycle. She tucked herself back under the awning, out of the bright, summer sunshine overhead and watched as he rode past. His jean-clad legs were stretched out in front of him, the denim hugging his thighs in a way that should have been illegal. His gray t-shirt strained across his chest and arms; defining the chest she used to dream about when she was younger. Hell, she still did. His gloved hands flexed on the handgrips and an unexpected wave of heat spread through Prim at an alarming rate. She suddenly felt flushed and it had nothing to do with the humid day. Rye had left Twelve Oaks the day he turned eighteen. No one could blame him. The Mellark's family dynamic was the worst kept secret in town. Madeline Mellark was a nasty, hard woman that had wanted so much more for her life than to be tied to a small town, a small town bakery and a small town man. But the second she came up pregnant with her oldest son, Graham, all that changed. Quick as you please, her father had her carted off to the justice of the peace with Bram Mellark in a starched white shirt to make an honest woman of her. It had taken three years for Rye to come along. Everyone figured that was it. But apparently, not long after Rye was here, Madeline partook of a bit too much spiced hard cider at the Christmas festival, and bam, nine months later the youngest Mellark, Peeta was born. After that, her temper became legend and the only thing that kept the bakery in business was the proximity and the town's loyalty to Bram and the boys. Although the days Madeline worked were usually the slowest. When Rye left, he went three towns over to Seven Springs, got a job on a farm and only came home on holidays. Prim had been twelve at the time and had felt her burgeoning heart break when she watched him ride out of town on a much older motorcycle than the current one between his thighs. Her crush hadn't exactly been secret, her sister Katniss had scowled about it all the time, telling her she was too young for such things. Of course, Katniss had been much older before she even let herself think about love. Her first attempt had been disastrous. Her second, with Peeta Mellark, was going much better. Prim, for the most part, could forget about her little infatuation. Until, like now, he came riding into town looking better than a man had a right too. She could see the glint of his blond hair under his helmet, knew the eyes under his sunglasses were as blue as the ocean with stabs of brown around the pupils. She could see the farmers tan he sported proudly and could imagine the ridges of his abdomen hidden under the soft material of his shirt. Yeah, times like these, she was a goner. Only before she was too young to do anything about it. Not anymore. "Prim, what are you staring at?" Prim jumped a mile high at her aunt's question. She'd been so wrapped up in watching Rye, she hadn't heard the door open behind her. She turned to look at the older woman and couldn't help but smile at the knowing smirk on Juniper Johnson's face. Primrose merely looked back where Rye was parking his bike in front of the bakery diagonally across the way from the pharmacy her aunt owned. "Didn't figure it would be long b'fore he showed back up. What with Madeline off to Florida and all." Twelve Oaks had been in an uproar when the news got out that Bram Mellark had finally tossed his wife out. Speculation ran rampant, but only the Mellarks-and the Everdeen/Johnson/Abernathy's-new the truth. "He always said that was the only way he'd come home." Prim reminded her. Rye loved the bakery. Peeta loved the bakery. It had been understood for years that once Bram decided to retire, the bakery would be divided amongst the two boys. Graham had no interest in it, something that Madeline had nourished. So he'd gone off to become a doctor or something in New York City. He didn't get home much. Most people thought that was a good thing. It was also pretty telling that Madeline didn't go to New York to live with him, but to Florida to live with her sister. "So, you going to go over and say hey?" Juni asked, her tongue tucked firmly in her cheek, her green eyes sparkling. Prim laughed and shook her head at the woman that raised her and Katniss, along with their uncle Haymitch when their parents were killed in a car accident. "I'll let him get settled. Then I might just do that." Prim glanced at her watch, her eyes bugging when she realized the time. "Besides, I have to get back to work." "Tell Dr. Aurelius I said hello." Juni told her with a wave. "Will do. I'll see you at dinner." Prim rushed the opposite way of the bakery with a quick wave to her aunt, thoughts of Rye still whirling in her head. "There he is." Bram walked around the counter when Rye walked in, helmet tucked under his arm, gloves in one hand. Rye smiled that famous Mellark smile and stepped happily into his father's arms. "Hey dad." Rye closed his eyes as he took in the strength and love that always seeped into him when he was in his father's presence. It made him almost forgive the man for the years he'd stayed with their mother. "Good to see you son. I'm so glad you're back." Bram stepped back, his faded blue eyes sparkling with tears but his smile wide. "Peeta!" "Yeah, dad." Peeta called. "Come out here." Rye put his things on the counter and waited for his baby brother to step through the kitchen doors. As soon as he did, the grin that split Peeta's face was enough to light up deep space. "You're here!" Peeta practically launched himself at his brother, their hug decidedly not manly at all, but neither cared. In truth, it really wasn't that long since they'd last seen each other. Rye had only been about an hour away and he and Peeta were too close to not try to see each other regularly. But that was different. Rye was home now. For good. "I'm here. How's that beautiful scowling fiancé of yours?" Rye asked when they stepped apart. He felt the sting of tears in his eyes but he chose to ignore them. Peeta grinned again, this time with a euphoria Rye wasn't sure he'd ever feel. "Perfect. Can you believe she said yes?" "Not at all. I mean, you're short, ugly and always covered in flour. And god knows you can't shut up. Not sure what the attraction is." Rye teased, earning a roll of the eyes from Peeta. "Boy's why don't you go in the back and catch up. I'll cover the front." Bram gathered Rye's things and pushed them into his middle sons arms then steered them both back into the kitchen. He knew the grin he was wearing would be on his face for the rest of the day. His boy was home. "Hey did my stuff get here?" Rye didn't have much. He'd lived on the farm he worked on in a small, furnished apartment. His personal affects were small, but just bulky enough not to fit on the bike and require him to hire a company to come get it. In a very, very small truck. "Yeah. We had the movers unload it upstairs. Man, not even a bed?" "My place was furnished. You're moving into Katniss' soon. I'll steal yours. I'll just steam clean the love juice out." "That's gross, Rye." Peeta squished his nose up in distaste. "Yet probably accurate." Rye smirked. He snatched a cookie off a cooling rack and took a bite, savoring the explosion of cinnamon and sugar on his tongue. Snickerdoodles, a family favorite. "So tell me, I haven't gotten all the details yet on the exit of Madeline. When you called and told me to get my ass home, you left out important details. And dad ain't talking." Peeta had moved back to the cake he was working on, his hands never faltering in the intricate string work he was piping even as he glanced up at Rye. "The night I told them I'd asked Katniss to marry me, she freaked out. I mean flipped. Told me I was no son of hers for marrying that drunks' slut niece and didn't I care about our family name?" Peeta waved a hand dismissively, but Rye could tell her words had hurt him. Another strike against the woman that had given them life. "Problem was, Katniss was there. We'd invited them over to dinner and she just ripped into Katniss. We knew Madeline wouldn't like it, but…" Peeta shook his head in disbelief. Rye caught the small flare of pain that passed over his brother's face. Always that one that wanted her approval and always the one that never got it. Rye sighed and motioned for Peeta to continue. "I thought Katniss was going to get her bow and put an arrow between her eyes." That put a smile on his face. Rye would have loved to have seen that. "I told her if she didn't like it, she didn't have to come to the wedding or see her grandchild." "Shit. You knocked Katniss up?" Rye interrupted. Peeta nodded, grinning again. No one had told him that yet. "No wonder Madeline had a melt down." "Yeah. That's when she went to hit me." Rye's eyes widened. It was no secret that their mother liked to hit when she was displeased. But she hadn't done it since the pair of them had gotten taller than her. And definitely not after they'd both started wrestling. "And here's the funny thing," Peeta paused in his piping, his face going distant as if he were thinking of something long passed instead what had just happened last week. "Katniss was already up, getting ready to wrestle Madeline out the door. Hell, I was even ready to knock her on her ass. She never got to me." "What? She trip over her broomstick?" Peeta snorted at that and shook his head. "No. Dad grabbed her. Like, snatched her hand out of the air, whipped her around and told her that if she couldn't be happy for the blessings in her life, she could just get out and let the rest of us be happy instead." Rye didn't believe it, not for a second. Not the man that spent more time making excuses for his wife than protecting his sons. Rye loved his father so much. But he couldn't help but see him as weak. "I'm serious, Rye. Something changed that night. She was out of their house the next day. Off to Aunt Rooba's." "Bet Aunt Rooba is so happy about that." Rye shook his head and sat on the stool next to Peeta. "I'm happy for you, man. Everything you've ever wanted is happening." "And now you're home. So it is everything." "Ugh, don't get all mushy on me, bro." Rye reached over and cuffed a hand on the back of Peeta's head and laughed. "I think I'm gonna