Disclaimer: Harry Potter and all of its subsequent characters belong to J.K. Rowling. I just play around with them. A/N: Hello, dear readers. This idea has been floating in my head for a really, really long time. This is the sequel to Sword of Slytherin . Now, I'm going to be writing this, however, a little differently from how I usually do. Each chapter will follow a specific couple for the ball. The first one being Harry and Luna. I'll admit that I am horrible when it comes to writing Luna, but I try. :) So I apologize if she comes off a little out of character at times. The reason I'm writing it this way (with each couple getting a chapter) is because I feel like this is the best way to incorporate everything I'd like to in this story. So, without further ado, enjoy. :) Nargles I stare down the hill towards the front gates near my friend Hagrid's hut. It's over. It's finally over. Voldemort, the dark wizard who murdered my real parents, is dead. His faithful followers, confused and dazed as they are, are for the most part captured and being led away by the Aurors with a few lying dead in the Great Hall. Mum's people after her are gone with Mezra's death too. I, the Boy-Who-Lived or the Chosen One as some have dubbed me thanks to the Prophet , am finally free to live my life normally. Right? I smile when I feel a familiar hand on my shoulder. I glance up and nod at Dad as he glances down at me. We can be an ordinary family now: Dad, Mum, Dray, El, and me. Hell, I can just worry about Quidditch and girls instead of who is out to get me this year. No more suffering nightmares of people taking my second chance at happiness either. I can finally be a normal fifth-year Gryffindor! "Ah, good," the headmaster suddenly murmurs near me as he walks past flanked by Professors McGonagall and Flitwick. "The students have returned. Let's get them resettled in their rooms before we inform them of the events, shall we?" I glance towards the growing masses of students heading up the hill towards us. It seems like a lifetime ago since Draco and I handed our little sister off to Fred as the whole school evacuated. Was she all right, I wondered as I waited to see her usually cheerful face in the crowd. The whole battle, if one could call it that, seemed to last only a second in my eyes, but I knew it wasn't in hers. One moment Draco and I were cowering outside an empty classroom wondering if Dad and Mum were alive, and the next I was throwing a wand to Draco and watching him then kill Mezra with the Sword of Slytherin. Snorting, I shake my head. My brother the hero. My eyes then find Hermione and Ron in the crowd. Hermione's waving at me with Ron looking at me strangely. I'll have to ask him what that look is all about. I then see Blaise and Theo before finally the twins with Angel in hand. All of them are rushing up towards us. I can't help but smile wider at this. They're all safe. We're all safe. "Harry!" Hermione shouts before she hugs me tightly. "Are you all right? Are you hurt?" "Jeez, Hermione. You're worse than my mother with him," Ron drawls, shaking his head. "He's fine. Can't you see that?" I glance down when I see her glare directed at him. One of these days he's going to learn to keep his mouth shut when it comes to things like that. I mean, he has to at some point. Doesn't he? "What?" Ron frowns, looking at all of us seemingly confused. "She is. I mean, I can't help it if the truth hurts sometimes." The moment I hear the hard whack, I close my eyes. Ron, you idiot. "Blimey! What was that for?" he grumbles, likely rubbing the spot she hit. "If you can't . . . honestly, Ronald! Sometimes I just want to . . . ugh!" Her eyes then dart up to my dad. "I apologize for my actions, sir." She then glances towards me and gives me a sad smile. "Harry." And with one last dirty look at Ron, she turns away and storms towards the castle. "What crawled up her knickers and died? Merlin. I didn't say anything wrong." Ron then glances at me. "Right, mate?" I, however, am not going anywhere near that comment, so I remain silent. Another voice, though, speaks from next to me. "Ten points to Gryffindor." My eyes widen when I hear my dad awarding Ron points. I glance up at him in shock. What in the actual Nine Hells is happening? Dad agrees with Ron? Since when? I stare at Dad, wondering if maybe he has a concussion or something. There is no way he agrees with Ron. None. "See? Even Snape agrees with me! I didn't do anything wrong!" I watch my dad's smile contort into his 'Oh, really' face then and feel my heart race. Oh no. This is not going to be good. "You're once again mistaken, Mister Weasley," Dad drawls coolly. "The points I awarded were for Miss Granger, not you." "What? But that's not fair! She hit me!" "She defended herself," Dad corrects, leveling a glare on him. "And you're lucky that she only slapped you, Mister Weasley. She could have very well cursed you for that and all your heirs." "But I didn't do anything wrong!" Ron argues, throwing his hands up into the air. "And that right there is why you will never be a worthy suitor for Miss Granger." "Suitor?" Ron glances at me before he whirls back outraged. "You don't know what you're talking about, Snape. Hermione loves me. Maybe you're just too—" Recognizing Ron's temper flaring instantly, I step in front of him and Dad. "Ron, stop." For the love of God, I add in my head, stop before you get us both killed. "No, you stop, Harry," he growls at me. "I didn't do anything wrong. Why doesn't anyone see that?" He shakes his head before he too storms away. I sigh as I watch him leave. I'm certain I'm going to hear all about it later tonight when I'm in the dorms, so I don't go after him. That can wait. "Harry?" a soft voice murmurs softly close to me. I turn instantly and smile when I see my little sister Angel. "Hey, El." I step forward and feel her arms wrap around my neck at once. Fred gently hands her over to me the rest of the way before he and George head up to the castle with Blaise and Theo. "Where's Draco?" Her warm brown eyes stare deep into mine. "He's with Mum." I can tell by the look she's giving me that answer won't suffice. "They're in the hospital wing." Her eyes widen into large saucers. "No, no, it's okay. Everything's fine. I promise." Oh, please don't start crying, Angel, I plead in my head. I hate when she cries. Actually, I hate when any female cries. "Draco and Mum are fine." I suck at this whole big brother thing. I really do. "He's just keeping Mum company. That's all." Angel's eyes dart behind me, likely to look towards Dad to see if I'm telling the truth. "They are both fine," Dad says next to me. "Are you sure?" she asks. "Positive." With a quick nod, she accepts Dad's answer and rests her head on my shoulder again. I smile when I feel her start to relax. It's strange, but I like knowing she feels safe. I don't know why, but I do. When I notice Dad turn and head towards the doors a moment later, I know my time is up. Though, to be fair, Dad had told me that we were only there to collect Angel and then head to the hospital wing. But I can't help but feel sad for some reason. I mean, I honestly have no reason to feel this way. I have two loving parents and a brother and sister now. And we're all alive and safe. So, why do I feel incomplete still? What more could I possibly be wishing for in life? "Harry?" El whispers as we near the front doors, her breath tickling my neck. "Yeah?" I ask, turning my head towards her while still walking. A moment later, I connect with someone that hadn't been there just a moment ago. My arms wrap protectively around my little sister even tighter to make certain she isn't hurt, as all thoughts are on protecting her. As soon as I'm certain we're both fine, I glance to see who I ran into. And I stare. "Hello, Harry," the soft, dreamy voice says, swirling around me briefly. Unable to think, I continue to stare into the silvery-gray eyes. So much life is in her eyes. So much innocence too with maybe some fierceness as well. I can't help it. I just keep staring into the mysterious orbs that are her eyes. "Harry?" I hear Angel say, clearly confused by my behavior. "Luna." Her name rolls off my tongue so naturally. Luna. Sweet Luna. " Sweet Luna?" Dad's voice echoes in my head. My eyes dart up to him and notice the raised eyebrow. Uh-oh. I forgot about our link. However, a second later, when I feel Luna's hand rest briefly on my arm, my eyes dart down to her hand. She's touching me. Like, really, she's touching my arm. My eyes then narrow. She's done that before, though. "I'm glad your family is safe now." Luna then smiles, and I, in return, stare back at her like an idiot. "It was nice seeing all of you," she says, her hand moving from my arm, before she then leaves. "Merlin, help us all," Dad mumbles, his hand resting on my shoulder in order to steer me towards the door. "Come along, Harry." Naturally, I obey. I can feel Mum's eyes on me every now and then through our dinner. However, I keep my head down and continue to pick through my food. Around me, I can hear Draco going on about something with Angel, but I don't catch what it is. Not that I really care after all. In fact, in my head, I keep replaying my encounter with Luna earlier outside. I mean, why did I act all stupid with her back there? Luna's my friend. Well, sort of is my friend. I mean, we went to Mum and Dad's wedding together. Oh, Merlin, this is confusing. Is she my friend or isn't she? "Harry?" I blink before glancing up. "Yeah?" It's then I notice that everyone but Mom and me have left. I sigh and hang my head. "Sorry," I mumble. "What for?" I glance back at her and sigh. "For spacing off." I then shake my head again. "Dinner was good, Mum. I just, I don't know, I guess I wasn't hungry or something." She snorts, rolling her eyes as she grabs my plate. "It's the 'Or something,' love. Let's be honest there, all right?" My head falls forward dejectedly. Here she was, having made all of us dinner, and I could not even pull myself out of my own thoughts long enough to eat it. I'm a horrible son. It's official. "Oh, will you cease with the dramatics?" she drawls with another quiet laugh. "It's fine. I'm not mad, Harry. You're a teenager. You're perfectly in your right to stare off and contemplate the confusing world at the dinner table every now and then. It's fine. Really." She then turns her back to me and heads to box up my leftovers. I don't deserve having such a kind mum. I really don't. Holding in another sigh, I