AN: It's origin story time! I was scrolling through my ancient archives of stupid fics I wrote, when I found this gem. I wrote it for my BF when she came back from a roller skating trip and begged me to write a fluff fic. 1. It might be a little cliche, but I hope it's good enough to make you smile. 2. I edited this all myself. There will be bugs. 3. I tried writing this in present tense instead of past, which I'm more accustomed to. Once again, there will be bugs. 4. VERY IMPORTANT READ THIS: It's an ongoing joke between me and the friend I wrote this for that instead of bleeping out a cuss word, we honk like a goose. I thought: Oh what the heck, I'll keep it K rated for once. So anytime you see the word HONK, feel free to replace it with any cuss word you want. Or the comical sound of an angry goose. :) Yes. I'm weird like that. Happy reading! (o-O-o = flash back/flash forward.) Five seconds after entering the building, Nico decides that he really hates roller skating, for a number of different reasons. Reason Number 1: Putting on Roller Skates. "Um, Nico? Maybe you should sit down…" "I'm leaning against the wall Solace, I'll be fine." "No, seriously Nico. That isn't safe." "Ye Gods Solace, they're just shoes! I refuse to be defeated by sho-" BANG "(Insert very angry HONKS here.)" "Told you so." You may ask why Nico has allowed himself to get dragged into agreeing to go to a rollerskating rink. Well, it started one day earlier... o-O-o "What in Hades are these Solace?" Nico stared at the large, deformed boots with wheels on them Will had just clunked down on his bed. "They're roller skates!" Will chirped. "We're going skating!" "No, we're not," Nico said bluntly, as he sat up and pushed the scuffed-up boots off of his blankets. "Yes, we are! Since you refuse to ride a bike, or, as you put it, 'Get anywhere within five feet of that death trap-' " "It's just not humanly possible to balance on something two inches wide!" "And since it'll be several months before it gets cold enough for any lakes to freeze over so I can teach you how to ice skate, we're going roller skating." Nico sighed. "Solace, why are you doing this to me?" "It's a fundamental part of childhood to learn how to ride a bike!" Will proclaimed firmly, in such a way that Nico knew he would never get him to deter from this belief. " You never learned how to ride a bike Nico. You are incomplete. And you've probably never gone ice skating-" "I have! Once," Nico said defensively. "Over seventy years ago." "See? See? That doesn't count! Over seventy years ago doesn't count! So that leaves roller skating. I've already cleared it with Chiron, so you, me, Lou Ellen and Cecil are going to the rink tomorrow." "No." "Awww! But Niiico!" Will whined, giving Nico the pouty lip and the big blue puppy dog eyes. Nico tried to ignore the fluttering feeling in his stomach when Will gave him the big blue puppy dog eyes. Key word: Tried. "No. I refuse to allow myself to be forced into a pair of shoes with wheels attached to them. That is the stupidest idea ever. Who even invented these things?" he questioned, nudging the roller skates with his foot. "We'll go for gelato afterwards." Nico paused, considering. "And Mc. Donalds for lunch?" Will wrinkled his nose in distaste. "Ugh. Please no." "Please yes." "What about Luigi's? It's this great Italian place downtown. It'll be a lot healthier than Mc. Donalds. But that's not saying much, anything's healthier than Mc. Donalds." "I'll be the one to judge if the Italian food is real or not. Not that that means I'm going," he added. "Of course not. But trust me, they're real. It's family owned, and the original Luigi, the current owner's great great grandfather, lived in Italy before he moved to New York and started his restaurant. It's got family recipes and everything. It HAS to be real." Nico smiled just a bit at Will's enthusiasm. The blonde seemed unconscious of how he bounced on the balls of his feet as he talked, like an excited child at Christmas. "I'll consider it." "What!? But Nico! Exercise is very important for a balanced lifestyle! Pleeeeeaaaase!?" "I'm definitely not going if you're going to whine like a little kid." "For me?" "Absolutely not." Will pouted. "Meany." "Thank you, I try." "I don't know what you have against trying new things." "I try new things! Sometimes." "No you don't." "Yes I do." "Name one time you tried something new." "Hmm…" Nico tilted his head, in contemplation. "I tried living at Camp instead of out on the streets. That counts." "No it doesn't!" "Yes it does!" "It so does not!" "Yes, it does!" "Coming home to the place you've always been welcome does not count as trying something new!" "It's a new lifestyle, it's close enough!" "No it's not! You just don't like trying new things!" "Yes I do!" "No you don't!" "I do!" "Fine then!" Will said with a triumphant grin. "You'll prove it by going roller skating with me!" "Yes Solace, I- wait, what?" "Too late! You already said yes!" Will raced for the door of the Hades cabin, calling, "I'll meet you under Thalia's tree at seven o'clock Friday, nice and early. See you later Death Boy!" over his shoulder. And then he was gone. Nico sat there with his mouth agape for a few seconds, processing what had just happened. " SOLACE! " o-O-o Reason Number 2: Percy and Jason. Despite all of Nico's protests, complaints, and threats, Percy and Jason are now tagging along with their respective girlfriends. Nico wouldn't mind hanging out so much if it wasn't for the fact that they're watching him and Will like hawks, waiting for something, anything to happen... o-O-o "WILL ASKED YOU OUT ON A DATE!?" Nico winced at the sheer volume in his cousin's voice. "No he didn't! Jeez Jason, just scream it to the world why don't you?" "WILL SOLACE! ASKED! YOU! OUT! ON! A! DATE!" "No. He. Did. Not." "YES HE DID!" Jason screamed, laughing hysterically. "Jason, he didn't. It's not a date, Lou Ellen and Cecil will be there." "So it's a double date!" "No it's not. Lou and Ceil are just friends. Just like me and Will are just friends. There was never any mention of dating. Ever. At all. So sorry to disappoint you, Grace." "What's this about dating?" Piper asked as she strode through the doors of Cabin 1. "Nothing." "WILL ASKED NICO ON A DATE!" Nico groaned and buried his face in his hands. "NO HE DIDN'T JASON." "So did he or didn't he?" Piper asked. "He so totally did!" "Not! He did not!" "Except Nico won't admit it!" "I can't say I'm surprised," Piper said with a smug smile. She sat down on the lower bunk next to Nico while Jason dangled from the upper one. "It's been two whole weeks with you two dancing around each other like daisies." "Two weeks of absolute TORTURE!" Nico protested, getting up off the bed and pacing madly. "First there was stupid Solace with that ridiculous infirmary stay; then Percy decided to tell THE WHOLE HONKING Camp he's not my type-" "And now every one except Will knows your gay," Jason sing-songed. "Because Will says he's not going to judge you based off of insubstantial rumors and gossip," Piper finished for him. "Trust me, just about my entire cabin has interrogated him on this." Nico couldn't help but smile, partially from the mental image of Will being cornered by half a dozen gossip-starved Aphrodite campers, but also because that seemed like exactly the kind of thing he would say. Nico subconsciously added this to his ever growing list of reasons as to why Will Solace was just freaking amazing. "I personally think he's just trying not to get his hopes up in case you turn out to be straight," Jason muttered sullenly. "Which he shouldn't. Because you're not." It was then that Nico realized he was supposed to be ranting about how awful the last two weeks have been, so he stopped smiling. "Quit interrupting me guys, I'm in the middle of a rant. So now practically EVERYONE at Camp is shipping us-" "MY OTP!" "Shut UP Jason! I swear Piper, if your cabin mates try locking us in a small enclosed space ONE MORE TIME-" "You know, they'd stop bothering you if you'd just kiss him already." "Absolutely not! Out of the question! And then there's the fact in itself that I keep getting locked up in small enclosed spaces with dorky Will Solace and his infuriating grin and his annoying optimism and stupidly adorable dazzling blue eyes and his fascinating sprinkling of freckles and, and…" Nico trailed off when he saw Piper sniggering and Jason hyperventilating. "HONK. I just said that, didn't I? HONK! What the HONK is WRONG WITH ME?! I sound like a gods-damned middle school girl! And to top it all off, by the gods, I CAN'T STOP THINKING ABOUT HIM! WHY CAN'T I STOP THINKING ABOUT HIM!?" "Because you're in loooooooove!" Jason drawled. "SHUT UP JASON! I'm not asking you! Piper, WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME!?" "I'm sorry to tell you this Nico," Piper said, not looking at all sorry. "But my boyfriend's right. You've got it really, really bad." Nico sat back down and buried his face in his hands again. "HONK. Whyyyyyy. Meeeeeeeeee? Ye Gods, whyyyy meeee? Hasn't Cupid tortured me enough already?" "You're being overly dramatic Nico," Piper said in a reassuring manner. "Honestly, crushes aren't tortuous. It's nothing to beat yourself up over or be embarrassed about." The glare Nico gave her made Piper blanch and a small squeaking noise escaped the back of her throat. "NOT the right thing to say to him Pipes! Sorry Neeks, you know she doesn't know about your bad experience with her step-brother," Jason rambled, in a desperate attempt to save his girlfriend from his cousin's wrath. Nico just sighed and fell back on the bed muttering about how the fates love laughing at him, the world must hate him, and cupid is a total HONK. "Bad experience with my step-brother…?" Piper questioned. "What are you-" "I don't want to talk about it." Nico's frigid tone left no room for arguments. "Right. No talking. Got it." "Okay," Jason said, floating down from his bed. "It's a double date then!" "It's not a double date Jason. It's not even a date." "You can deny it's a date all you want, it won't matter. It'll still be a double date, because me and Pipes are coming along!" "NO YOU ARE MOST DEFINITELY NOT! Besides, Lou Ellen and Cecil aren't dating either! It can't be a double date without two couples, and they don't qualify." "Oh fine. You four can deny your date-ability, but it will still be a double date because…" Jason's tone took on a sinister air. His glasses reflected the light and concealed his eyes, which gave his grin a more maniacal appearance than the goofy-fanboy look he usually wore when discussing his cousin's love life. "I'm calling in…" Then he ran out of his cabin screaming, "PEERRRCCCAAABEEETTTHHH!" and Nico raced after him, brandishing his sword and shouting, "NO! ABSOLUTELY NOT! I REFUSE TO HAVE BOTH OF YOU BREATHING DOWN MY NECK AS I MAKE A FOOL OF MYSELF IN SHOES WITH WHEELS ON THEM! JASON GRACE GET BACK HERE! " Piper shook her head with a smile. "Boys. They're such idiots at times, but you gotta love them." o-O-o Reason Number 3: The Floor. The floor is an absolute mess, no matter which part of the building you go to. In the skate rental section, it's a stained