AN: I know it's been a while. I'm sorry for the delay, and I hope this is worth the wait. This chapter sets the groundwork for what comes next, but by the time it's over, many of you will want to throw things at me. Please be patient. Be aware: the images get a bit graphic here, and I apologize to anyone who might have been in Anchorage on that fateful day. I hope I did it justice. I owe special thanks to BellaMed. She pre-read, helped keep me motivated, and has turned out to be a lovely new friend. And thank you to Starpower31/Bella and Alice's White Rabbit from Project Team Beta. Their help was very much appreciated. Friday, March 27, 1964. EPOV I smiled as Carlisle fidgeted in his seat again. For him, being the immortal that he was, it was practically jumping up and down. I'd rarely seen him this excited about anything. It was unusual, and I was taking perverse pleasure watching him. "I'm still not sure why you need this piece of equipment, and why you can't just wait to have it delivered," I said to Carlisle for the second time in as many hours. Thankfully, our trip from Denali to Anchorage had been uneventful. The pilot had dropped us at the end of the runway before taxiing away to refuel and reload supplies. Adjusting my hat and buttoning my overcoat, I looked around the private airfield. A few small planes were off in the distance, but I didn't see the truck we were supposed to meet. As much as I enjoyed spending time with my father, I was not thrilled at the prospect of spending three slow days driving back over rutted Alaska roads. At least the snow had stopped and the wind had died down, making it easier to see. Unfortunately, there didn't appear to be much happening on this dreary Friday morning. One small plane was just touching down on a runway to the north of us. A few scattered outbuildings had people milling about, but it looked like business was slow. When Carlisle had said we were meeting his delivery, I'd expected a bustling area of commerce. Instead, I'd found flat land and runways cleared of snow, but not much else. I turned when I heard a door open. A scrawny young man of about twenty-five walked toward us. He moved quickly, and I soon realized his motions matched his thoughts. His mind worked faster than most I'd seen. Not only had he received notice that our delivery was late, but he'd anticipated Carlisle would be upset with the delay. He'd already worked out ways to help us deal with the inconvenience. I smiled a bit, trying to keep track of the stream of details, and Carlisle sent me a questioning look. I shook my head to indicate it wasn't important. "Are you Dr. Cullen?" the man asked. He'd walked out of the main building, which I considered main because it was slightly larger than the others and had smoke rising from the chimney. Carlisle and I walked toward him. "I'm Dr. Cullen and this is my son, Edward." We shook hands during the introduction. I loved the convenience of living in Alaska. Handshakes were easier without having to make up stories about why my hands were so cold. "I'm Steve," he said and kept talking, barely pausing to take a breath. "I'm pleased to meet you. We just got a call from the shipping company telling us that your delivery will be late. The truck carrying your machine hit an elk and won't be here until tomorrow. If it gets here by noon, we can get it loaded; otherwise, it'll have to wait until Monday because of the Easter holiday." "The equipment wasn't damaged, was it?" Carlisle asked, interrupting him. My father had a one-track mind when it came to new technology for his practice. "No, sir. They said there was damage to the truck, but the driver and the cargo are fine. I hope you don't mind, I called one of the hotels in town but they wouldn't promise you a reservation. You'll have to talk to them when you get there. Ask for Stuart and tell him I sent you. We have a pickup truck we use for errands, and you can borrow it for the night. It's not fancy, but it'll get you there. Will you need a map?" My attention wandered while I listened to Carlisle thank Steve, tell him we didn't need help with our bags, and accepted the keys to the truck. On the other side of the airstrip, the small plane I'd seen landing had come to a stop. I was surprised to see it was a military plane. A member of the airport staff was standing outside waiting for the passengers to appear. While Steve's thoughts had been fast but orderly, every thought in that man's head was a jumble of dread, centering on one of the passengers in that plane. His inner tirade was shouting through my head; he might as well have been waving a giant red flag in my direction. The first to emerge from the plane was a military officer in full uniform. He straightened his coat and looked around with a sneer before smoothing his expression and looking at the next person to emerge. I'd expected a junior officer to be accompanying him, but I was pleasantly surprised. My first glimpse of the woman was her leg, but it was a truly amazing leg. It was perfectly shaped and would put the best sculpture to shame. The skirt was just the right length to make me want to see more. I held my breath until the other leg emerged and she climbed down. The petite brunette was in an olive-green uniform, like the officer, but she was less decorated. I wished I'd paid more attention when Alice had talked about the strides women were making in the armed services; at least then I'd have a better idea of her rank and role. She awkwardly pulled on an olive trench coat while managing to not lose hold of a steno pad and pencil. Another man, presumably the pilot, descended and stood at attention near the plane. The officer shot off rapid-fire questions, first to the pilot, then to the man from the airport. He didn't wait for answers. He just started yelling about the poor state of their welcome. The junior officer scribbled notes on her steno pad and studiously tried to keep up. Mentally, I reached out to this odd little trio, hoping I could get past the airport employee to find out about the young woman. The pilot was concentrating on remaining at attention and answering quickly. He was hoping that the officer, who he had mentally named The Dick, would get a ride into town soon and let him fly back to base. Several memories ran through his head, and it was obvious this was not the first time he'd been berated by The Dick. It had occurred often and could be about anything: the weather, the size of the plane, even the coffee. The degrading memories eventually morphed to bloodthirsty daydreams of running the landing gear over The Dick and parking it on top of his chest. The image made the pilot smirk, and his shoulders relaxed. As the officer continued to rant, I decided that The Dick was a perfect name, although I'd never repeat it to anyone. The officer's mind was awash in his own desires. I'd only encountered a few other people with thought patterns that selfish. I'd turned my concentration to the young woman when something drew me back. While The Dick was busy berating the airport staff because their car wasn't ready, he was looking at her. In his mind's eye, he was attempting to coerce her into bed, acting as though he had an interest in her romantically. He'd tried before, and it hadn't worked. She'd always managed to outsmart him, getting out of the situation somehow. Now he had her away from the base. If sweet-talk didn't work, threatening her job would probably do the trick. He had three objectives for this trip: resolve his office supply problem, meet the Senator to discuss funding, and get Private Charles into bed. It didn't matter whether she wanted him or not. His thoughts were borderline sociopathic, and I looked her over, wondering if she knew the danger she was in. Within a fraction of a second, I decided I wanted to protect her. I couldn't explain it, and it seemed crazy, but there was something unusual about her. I'd only seen her for seconds, across a cold, semi-deserted airfield, but I want to protect her. The Dick had called her Private Charles. It wasn't enough; I needed her full name. I started thinking of ways I could refer to her in my head, but I couldn't come up with anything that would fit. I wondered if she knew what his intentions were, but I couldn't get any information from her. Her mind wasn't blank. I'd encountered that before with the desperately ill. I tried again, but there was no running verbal commentary as I found in so many people's thoughts. There were no visual images either which I sometimes found when people process information intuitively. Closing my eyes and taking a deep breath, I concentrated so hard that my hands started shaking, but there was nothing. For all I could tell, she wasn't there. The wind picked up a bit, and she pulled the collar of her coat tighter, looking around. She scanned the area slowly before settling on me. I knew it was too far for her eyes to see me clearly, but I couldn't help believing she was staring at me, sizing me up and measuring the distance. Her attention was pulled away when their car arrived. As the large, dark-blue Lincoln Town Car navigated around piles of snow and pulled next to them, the officer began a new round of abuse. He entered the car first, leaving her to fend for herself, and when she was seated, the man from the airfield closed the door and tapped on the roof, indicating the car could leave. "Better her than me," the pilot muttered. He was relieved to be away from the officer and happy he'd received orders to head home. Carlisle had watched me gazing at the young woman, misinterpreting my interest. He looked from me to the car and back again before chuckling and shaking his head. I'm glad to see you appreciating the beauty God put on this earth. I made a gruff sound under my breath, cutting off his editorial comments. "We need to leave now," I hissed, walking toward the beat-up red pickup that was ours for the next twenty-four hours. Our only luggage consisted of two small bags, and we didn't really need those, but it was good to keep up appearances. We waved a last goodbye to Steve and walked to the old truck as fast as we could without raising suspicion. My father would want to know what the rush was about, and I needed to think for a moment. It was time for a distraction, so it was best to go back to his favorite subject. "You didn't answer me," I said when we were on the road. "What's so important about this particular machine?" I had the gas pedal pressed to the floor, but the truck was barely managing the speed limit, and even then, I had to swerve around a moose in the middle of the road. Between the elk that wrecked Carlisle's shipment and this moose, it seemed the animals in Alaska had a death wish. "This is the first piece of medical equipment based on radar and sonar technology," he practically gushed. "It's revolutionary. For the first time since the x-ray, we'll have another option