Dominoes AU: FIFTH YEAR. Implied pairing: as is expected. It's a one-shot to prove that I am not dead – TKWS. This is based on a trope that makes no sense. So the story shouldn't make much sense either. It was late one evening in November 1995, when Hermione Granger, the cleverest witch of her generation, Prefect and Boggart of the Weasley twins, Ron Weasley's personal scolder and Molly Weasley imitator in Hogwarts, Neville Longbottom's personal and friendly in-House intimidator, protector, best friend and personal angel-cum-nagger of Harry Potter, 'frequent and book-respecting user of the library'-brownie-points-amasser and obsessive notes-and-lists maker, was to be found in her favourite haunt in Hogwarts – the library. She was of course, jotting down notes while rifling through several shelves-worth of books strewn on the table she had commandeered. The OWLs were coming up, damn it! She looked around covertly, though not too well, as if fearing that someone had heard her cursing even if it was in her head. "Granger..." Hermione froze. This was the worst case scenario that she had feared. She was alone, in a castle where the authorities were singularly useless as far as protecting her and other muggleborns, and who had recently become even more oppressive with the Ministerial interference, and she was now cornered by her worst schoolyard enemy, one Draco Malfoy. Her wand was immediately in her hand as she turned to face him. Alone she could take him on quite easily, and twice on Sundays. Unfortunately, Draco was a coward, a dirty evil cockroach and a Death Eater in the making * who would always go around with his legion of bodyguards. She fervently wished that Harry's promised five minute checks on the Marauders' Map came by soon. It was – once she was able to assert control over her fight-or-flight reaction – quite underwhelming to find the idiot alone. "What do you want?" she growled. "Please..." Malfoy beseeched submissively, with his hands raised and palms open. "I just need to talk." "We have nothing to talk, you filthy son of a Death Eater!" "When my father hears of this..." started Draco. That calmed Hermione a lot. So long as Draco made that threat, it meant he was going to be impotent and cowardly as always. Draco however shook his head. "Please, Granger...Hermione...I need to talk to you!" Her calmness dispersed with the four winds, Hermione brought her wand up and pointed it at the blonde-haired ponce again. "I don't care what you want to say!" She just wanted to escape. She strained her ears for the sound of steps, ones that were distinctive for either of her best friends, as she held Draco at wand point, while surreptitiously inching away to a position from where she could run unimpeded by the library furniture. "I m trying to be polite, okay, you mud..." sneered Draco. Once again he brought his reaction under control and shook his head. "It seems your knowledge of the English language is just as lacking as everything else," scoffed Hermione. In his anger, Draco made a gloriously stupid mistake. He grabbed her wand arm, making her unable to cast a spell at him. In the next, he was stunned and bound by an invisible pair of figures behind him. A rustle of a cloak being shed told her that it was Harry and Ron. "What took you so long?" she cried as she grabbed them both in a hug to hide her shakes and shudders, an attempt that was entirely doomed to fail. Ron looked bewildered at the crying girl. He was a good friend and all, but worse than his best mate at calming any crying person, let alone girls. He just held her limply. Harry on the other hand rubbed her back, whispering soothing words into her ear till she finally calmed down. "Now do you realise why we told you not to stay here for so long, alone?" Harry asked. He was angry, largely with Malfoy, and also a little with her. "I am a big girl! I can fight back! I can decide..." "You can, of course. But this isn't an ideal world where they take your security seriously. Umbridge will either sweep the matter under the carpet, or will have you thrown into Azkaban for attempting to trap the scion of a respected pureblood House!" Harry growled back. "And I am talking about safety in numbers. Having anyone from our class, girls or boys, would have been alright!" "But the OWLs..." she protested. She knew it was a weak argument. "Bugger them!" growled Ron. "They are about seven months away! They are not worth...this!" "Don't you dare make it out to be my fault!" retorted Hermione, eyes flashing angrily. "I am not. But security is not just a right! It is also a responsibility! You're so clever aren't you? Why don't you use those brains for a change?" While once she would have upbraided Ron for chauvinism, the truth was that as bluntly as he had said it, he was right. The Ministry had brought the war inside Hogwarts. And ideals had no place here. She looked away. "Ron is right, Hermione. This time Malfoy was miraculously alone. Can you count on that again? Even you can't fight back if he has his cronies hold you down physically or take you wand away. You're a great witch, but not as physically strong as they are." Hermione had to back down in the face of her friends' rational fear and logic. They were capable of that as well. Over the next week, Hermione was extra careful, which was good, considering that Malfoy had tried to accost her several times over. Thankfully, there was always someone with her to ensure that he couldn't do anything. A side effect of this was that Harry's and Ron's paranoia was triggered. With a natural predilection towards distrusting the git, they were always shadowing Hermione to hex Draco at the slightest provocation. It was better to be safe than sorry. And hexing the git was admittedly fun. It was a way to get back at Umbridge and Malfoy and whoever else. Harry went one step ahead. He needed to get to the bottom of this matter. He needed to talk to Sirius. The old dog would know the best way to handle this situation. Unfortunately, the fireplaces were out of the question. Dumbledore had done nothing to clip Malfoy's wings till the year before. He had his own clipped this year. Moreover, the old man wasn't looking at him. He didn't trust McGonagall enough to convince her of the gravity of the situation either, and Snape was out of the question. There was no way to contact Sirius through them. He had had no letters, Sirius had told him, because the Ministry, which obviously knew the address of the Dursleys well enough to send Dementors there, was tapping his mail. So sending anything by owl-post to anyone was out of the question. It was as he pondered the question that he was disturbed by a being that turned out to be the solution. Dobby was still cleaning the Gryffindor tower. A quick description of the problem had Dobby pointing out to him that he could go to the steps of Grimmauld Place by elf-express on a Saturday, once he was out of the castle's bounds. Well, he had the Marauders' Map for that. A quick discussion with Ron helped keep Hermione in the tower. The twins were wonderfully deviant when given the task. While Dobby dutifully waited on Harry, the following Saturday, the green-eye boy and his godfather had a solemn discussion. In the end, Sirius suggested a very clever idea. Harry or Ron could disguise themselves as Hermione using the Polyjuice Potion. There were several places in Knockturn Alley where one could get it. He promised to have it delivered someway. "How am I to know when you are going to deliver it?" "Hmm...I was going to give this to you around Christmas, but you need it now." He handed Harry a communication mirror and taught him how to operate it. "You could have given it to me before, you know?" whined the godson. "Well I had to enchant it first, you know? It was James', and it had a few of the enchantments, but most had worn off." "Oh." Suddenly, there was a sound to the side. Kreacher was creeping around. Draco had done them a favour by kicking his paranoia into gear. "Call him here, Sirius! And make him stay here! He could be spying on us." The elf grumbled as it was forced to stand in front of its hated master. "Who's he going to spy on us for?" scoffed Sirius. "You said that Narcissa Malfoy is your cousin, as is Bellatrix. Can he choose to do their bidding if, when you tell him to get out, he goes to their place?" Sirius rapidly lost his colour. He sharply turned to look at the elf which was snarling at his godson with undisguised malice and seemed about to attack him. With such hatred as he had ever felt, Sirius aimed a kick at that thing. It was ironic how the girl for whom they were making protection plans and was passionate about treating elves well, could be betrayed by one of them. Of course, he wasn't indicative of the general house-elf populace, just as Sirius' reaction was not indicative of his nature. He was looking at the elf as a person capable of decisions and treachery, and was reacting as he would to Peter Pettigrew. The elf, of course, cringed away. Sirius grabbed him by the throat and shook him violently. His mind was working a mile a minute. Somewhere along the line, his anger combined with his predilection towards vicious pranks. Kreacher was under his command. "Listen here, you little shit. From now on, you will take orders from only me or Harry. You will not find a loophole in my orders. You will not try to circumvent my orders. I know you're too intelligent for your own good, so you understand what I mean. You will follow all orders exactly in the spirit in which they were meant. You will never meet any Malfoy from now on. You will not meet or take any Orders from the Lestranges. If you ever see the Lestranges, you will strip them of any possessions including clothes, burn them in my presence, and then hang their dead bodies upside down in Diagon Alley." He dragged the miserable elf to the family tree and with it as the witness burned the Malfoys and the Lestranges off it. By the end of it, Kreacher was attempting to kill himself by banging his head on the walls and the floor as hard as he could in protest. "You will not harm yourself!" Kreacher stopped mutinously. "You will not take orders from the portrait of Walburga Black!" continued Sirius with his tirade. "You will not support Voldemort..." "...also known as Tom Riddle," prompted Harry. "...also known as Tom Riddle," agreed Sirius. "You will be loyal to me and Harry only. You will collect every Dark Artefact that my parents might have collected, that Regulus might have collected, or which may have belonged to Voldemort or Tom Riddle and bring it to me, TODAY! We will go to an open field and destroy EVERYTHING!" When Sirius finally stopped, he had expected Kreacher to drop dead, instead of going into peals of ecstasy. Instead the elf hugged him crying about the bad Master helping him destroy the bad locket as Master Regulus had ordered, before turning and disappearing. Within minutes, everything started appearing on the table in front of Sirius. "Are you as confused by that as I am?" "Absolutely," answered Harry. "Well, you know, if it works, you can order him to fetch Pettigrew from wherever he is. Just make sure that those branded idiots don't know