Bill's Law Chapter 1: A Unfortunate Accident Disclaimer: I own nothing from Harry Potter. All characters and ideas are solely the property of JK Rowling (Long live the Queen) and all that stuff. I am a huge fan of the death eater express. I know this isn't really strictly Death Eater material but I'm at the mercy of the muse. Hope you enjoy and don't forget to drop a comment or a like! Chefke Saint Mungos Hospital, Sunday 11:00 AM Bill Weasley paced the floor in the hallway outside the Saint Mungo's Spell Damage and Repair Unit impatiently. His father was inside with his mother. He didn't think he had ever been more terrified in his life. His forehead was sweaty and his clammy hands still clutched a tiny bit of parchment with a short terse note from Fleur that he had received two hours prior. Mum's potion exploded. We're fine. She had no idea who anyone was when she came to. She's at Saint Mungos with your Dad, who she doesn't recognize. She's in the Spell Damage Ward. Go love I'll hold down the fort . -Fleur He had waited for over an hour outside the door, pacing the whole time and only finally sat down at the stern request of a frustrated receptionist. He sat in one of the many yellow colored waiting chairs that lined the walls of the hallways alongside George, Ginny, and Charlie. They each took turns stealing glances at the end of the hallway where two great blue doors would swing open periodically emitting a red robed Healer or a patient being wheeled about in a chair. The patients were mostly all victims of permanent spell damage with hollowed cheeks and reflective eyes, one had drool dripping down his chin. However, it wasn't the rare patient that made them uneasy; they collectively cringed every time shrieks made it through the silencing charms on the double doors. George would clench his fists in his lap his face getting whiter as time passed. He was no doubt relieving the horror of losing Fred all over again. He was pretty sure Ginny was wearing nothing but a bathrobe. She had pulled her legs up to chest sobbing quietly. When the shrieks made it through the wards she would sob harder her whole body shaking. She was shaking so hard Bill had to spell her robe to stay closed. On closer inspection he realized it was actually a men's bathrobe, undoubtedly Harry's robe, thrown haphazardly over of a very short dark green lace teddy, that would give his mother a stroke. He shook his head in exasperation. She peeked up at him puzzled. "Mum, will freak when she sees you in that." He murmured so that their brothers would not overhear. She rubbed her eyes and smirked a little. "Harry and I were... well I mean it's quite obvious what we were doing when I got the call." He snorted at his baby sister. That was Ginevra Molly Weasley. Always flouted convention and doing whatever she was told she shouldn't. Her and Harry were too perfect a match for each other to ever split up and quite honestly his parents loved him like a son enough that they never mentioned anything to either of them. Sure they were frustrated but they never said anything to either of them. He sighed and kissed her head just as two Healers walked through the double doors. They both snapped up at the healers as they whispered avidly to each other passing them without so much as a glance. Ginny had arrived with Harry shortly after he had finally found the spell damage ward. Harry had deposited a sobbing Ginny into his lap kissing her and murmuring apologies as he was met up with Ron and rushed through the double doors with a Healer. Ron had been waiting for Harry as they were part of the Auror protection detail for his mother. All family members of Ministry employees had Auror protective details whenever there was an incident since the war ended so few months ago. Minister Shackelbolt had insisted that family members was one of the many way innocent people had been forced into Voldemort's cause. They would injure a family member and then lure the Ministry member into room and either Imperio them or coerce them using the ill family member as leverage. An alarming number of Healers had there Hearlership revoked and sent to Azkaban for their involvement in the coercion of Ministry members. Harry had even called a had even Order meeting about it. They were all genuinely surprised at the amount of Death Eater's that were found after the war. Death Eaters that had either monetarily backed Voldemort or Magical Tradesman that never got involved in the day to day fighting but still supported Voldemort and offered their talents to him. The more people came out of the wood work the more surprised they all were that they won at all. There were entire groups of Healers, Curse Breakers, Aurors, and even people in Dad's department. They were still uncovering people and small groups as time went on. A lot of Wizards had fled Europe all together and retreated to Australia whom took all the Wizards without question and refused to cooperate with the Ministry. One of Kingsley's first major act as Minister was banning all Australian nationals from Europe as well as travel to Australia, along with the other Heads of Countries. Even the English Muggle Parliament had joined in on the cause cited a mass prison break out and exodus to Australia and their governments lack of involvement. It had been a hard decision to make considering that Hermione's parents were still in Australia. Several Aurors had left undercover the week before to try and retrieve them. They had missed several check ins and the Weasley's were all worried about Hermione. Mum had been fretting over her and insisted she moved into the Burrow. After several disputes with Harry his mom triumphed and Hermione moved into Ginny's room. Ginny didn't mind since her room was basically vacated anyway. Hermione had spent the last four days in her bed sobbing over her parents missed anniversary and the missed check ins with the Aurors when his Mom and Fleur had decided to throw a party to cheer Hermione up. They had invited all of Hermione's Hogwarts friends and Order friends as well. The party was under the guise of being a Graduation party for the few Eighth year students that had gone back to complete their education. Hermione had actually graduated the week before and there had been a rather large Hogwarts scale graduation ceremony and party then. However, she had refused to go because Academia was something she inherited from her parents and in her words, "If they cannot be here to see me graduate then I will not graduate." Bill had wanted to point out that since they were muggles they would not have seen her graduate anyway but he kept that to himself. Instead she spent the day with Ron at her parents home eating junk food and watching the Muggle telly that Ron was enamored by. When his mother had found out she had began to plan the party with the help of Fleur. His Mom had started to panic when she realized just how many guests were coming and had enlisted Andromeda Tonks as well George's not-girlfriend Angelina Johnson. Fleur had gone over a half an hour before with Victoire to help and calm her down . Victoire favorite person in the whole world was her granny. When she was throwing a screaming fit and neither parent could get the veracious toddler to quiet down they flood Granny over. Granny would walk into the room and Victoire's shrill screaming would screech to a halt, her eyes would widen, and her arms would outstretch towards her favorite person in the world, a slow smile creeping up her fat little cheeks. His mom was the same, when she was getting unseemly or hysterical his Dad would drop into their kitchen and grab Victoire no matter what she was doing. Once she had been in middle of a bath. George had been the one to pop and had scared Fleur so badly she had hexed him into Saint Mungos. . Ginny placed her hand in his disrupting his thoughts. He had been trailing his scar on his face. Greyback had been viscous about his mauling in the Astronomy Tower. He supposed he was lucky, had Greyback actually intended to turn him he would have bitten him and moved on. Instead he had wanted to tear him to pieces and eat him. This had been part of his testimony after the war. He had laughed and had taken such pride and glee at what he had done that several members of the Wizengmot had lost their lunches at his detailed description of his many attacks. Ginny pulled his hand away from his scarred face and he smiled thankfully at her. Greyback's claws had gone so deep they had tore at his bone. It was excruciating when he poked at it. He had developed a tick that his mother thought was a form of PTSD, that involved poked the damn thing with his fingers when he was stressed. Fleur had been a right mess when she had dragged him to St. Mungos and the Healers could do nothing for him. "It's going to be okay, Bill. It's Mum." George murmured from his other side, gripping his hand at his side. Ginny had let his hand drop limply into his lap as she scrambled off of him and onto the vacant chair next to him. She threaded their fingers together and squeezed their hands until it hurt. He nuzzled her head into his shoulder. George, on the other side of him was breathing deeply. He was still learning how to live without Fred. He was constantly pausing during sentences waiting for his brother to finish whatever his thought was. It broke everyones hearts all over again every time it happened. George had abandoned the Joke shop after the funeral and if not for his friend Lee Jordan the whole place would have gone under. Lee had moved into the basement and had taken over. He didn't ask for a salary or commission. Bill thought back to all the summer vacations when Fred and Lee hung out and he wondered if there had been something more than friendship with the two. His mother must have thought so because Lee had been a permanent fixture at the Weasley house since the war ended, so had Angelina. She had held George during Fred's funeral and stayed with him the nightmarish week after. George had broken everything in Weasley Wizarding Wheezes in a fit of rage one morning and Angelina had sat with him until his rage turned to sadness and the two fixed the Joke Shop he and his brother had built. Angelina was an honorary Weasley same as Hermione, Harry, and Lee. Charlie stood up abruptly from next to George. He had been silent since the end of the war. The only time he spoke was to firmly tell his mother he would not cut his hair. Bill thought he blamed himself for Fred's death. That if he had been there earlier Fred would not have died. He knew that he had been speaking to a Muggle Healer for the mind and that it was helping him tremendously. He still lived in Romania but he came home every Sunday and had already arrived to help with the setup for the party. "Anyone want Coffee or something to eat? I need to stretch my legs." They all nodded and Ginny requested a muffin or two. George smirked at ruffled her hair before returning to staring at the large swinging doors. "I Love you Gin. You know that right?" She smiled and hugged