Her legs shook as she cried out. Her voice was muffled by Lucy's hand covering her mouth. He smiled softly at her as he pulled her under him covering her with his warmth. Muggle hotels were always freezing. She trailed her fingers across his chest lazily. He kissed her forehead and spooned her like he knew she loved. She knew she loved him and he her. They had met on their Prefect rounds. They had spent the better part of a year being courteous and quiet towards each other, being a Gryffindor and a Slytherin. One perfectly ordinary day they had rounded the corner to find two students shagging in a broom closet. After sternly reprimanding them and giving them both detentions with a notification to their head of house they were escorted back to their common room. "Sheesh, that was embarrassing." He said once they were back on patrol. "For us or for them?" She quipped. He smiled wryly. "Did you see that position? I didn't even know that was possible! They probably found it in the Magerie's Kamma Suttra. I would think two Raveclaw's would be too sensible to do anything but missionary..." He had trailed off noticing the coloring in her face. She was an embarrassed virgin who had no idea what he was talking about. He stared intently at her face and then promptly burst put laughing. "You're a..." She grabbed him and yanked him into a small empty classroom. It looked like it hadn't been used in years. She yanked the door closed behind her backing into an old dusty Teacher's desk. "Sshh! Not so loud would you?! I paid a lot for Michael to circulate that rumor!" This only made him laugh harder. "Why... Why..." She folded her arms across her chest as he laughed. She waited staring at him stonely until his laughter subsided into a ridiculously handsome grin. "So, are you going to tell me why you paid a creep to ruin your pure blood reputation? You know they call you free wheeling Molly in the Slytherin Common Room right?" She stared at him defiantly. "You orchestrated that too?!" She smiled despite herself. Despite that she was in a closed classroom with a boy she was not betrothed to. It went against her very pure blood nature. "My father had an arranged marriage for me straight after school. It was the only way I could get them to drop the match. It was my brother's idea actually." His smile dropped. He was a pure blood he would know what it was like to be forced into a marriage to someone you didn't know or like. "I'm sorry." "It's our society. I would never force this upon my children." "Me neither. As it is, I have it easy. Women..." He trailed off. "Are worth no more than house elves." She finished. He grimaced. "I'm happy you're fighting this. You deserved better than Dimitri Karkaroff." She sighed and settled herself onto the desk. "I know, as did my brothers. They always protect me from my father's blindness. Losing my mom was rough on him. He really thinks he's doing what's best for me." "Thank heavens for your brothers." She smiled. "They're real trouble makers you know." She smiled fondly. "Yes. It started as them trying to get me to laugh. Now it's just their way of dealing with life." An uncomfortable silence settled between the two of them. He would know what she was speaking of. Everyone did. Families were divided and everyone was picking sides. This Dark Lord was a blight on the Wizarding community. "Is it true?" She blurted out. "About your family?" He shifted uncomfortably and stared at his feet. "It's not your choice is it?" He shook his head. Her heart went out to him and before she could stop herself she enveloped him in a hug. "I'm sorry." She murmured and then froze. She was hugging the equivalent of a complete stranger. A Slytherin. She peeked up at him. He was looking at her quizzically. She started to withdraw when she felt his arms tighten around her. "Stay." He croaked. She did. The next several months were a blur as they slipped in and out of classrooms kissing when no one could see them. It had started out innocent enough, he had offered to educate her when he found out she had never been kissed and she had laughed him off. Once they started kissing they spent every night making out in a different classroom. She was a master at charms and hexes so they were never discovered. When the end of the year came she charmed a two books so they could write to each other. It was charmed to only answer to the other and so no one else could read it. He had been very impressed. That summer started off awkward, there were no rounds for them to go on or empty closets or classrooms to kiss in, but still they spent hours together. They wrote to each other about their fears and their desires. They bared their souls to each other. They had fallen in love without even realizing it. When July rolled into August the Death Eaters made their first move. Fabian's girlfriend had been murdered along with her entire family. Their was a huge mark over her house. The Daily Prophet ran the story before Fabian had heard from the Auror's or the Order. The next night she went into Gideon's room and confessed everything after he swore his secrecy. She knew their affair would go nowhere. Gideon had told her as much. Gideon had also implied that he might be using her to get at the Order. It had broken her heart enough that she had cried for days before going back to school. Gideon had stayed with her while she cried and had taken her to the train. She saw him as he boarded the train. Her heart broke a little and Gideon squeezed her arm whispering words of encouragement. They had planned to meet up on the train in July. She surrounded herself with friends and stayed in her compartment hating herself the whole trip. Once she got to school it got easier, they were not on the same rotation for Prefect duties so they did not see each other and they only had Arithmacy together. He wrote to her constantly begging for her to meet up with him but she refused to answer. Eventually she burned the book. She wrote to Gideon daily. She had given her owl to Prewett for Order business so she went up to the Owlery daily. It was the day after Halloween when she was sending Gideon his letter than she met him. She jumped as he stumbled from behind several cages. She caught him as he fell, he was very clearly drunk. 'Lucuis? What are you doing? We could be seen!' "Does it make a difference?" He slurred. "You won't speak to me or see me anyway. There's nothing to see or be seen." He reached for a bottle and she vanished it away. Thinking quickly she transfigured him into a watch and slipped him into her pocket. It was advanced transfigurations but she was good at transfigurations. She rushed out of the Owlery and snuck into Medi Witches office. She grabbed two Sobering potions and liquid replenishing potions and ran to their dusty old classroom. Transfiguring him back she stumbled to catch him as he fell. She fell ungracefully to the floor his head in her lap. He opened his mouth and she stuffed the potions down his throat before he had a chance to talk. She waited calmly as he properly came to. He blinked several times and blinked. He looked up at her silently as she threaded her fingers through his silvery white hair. Her hair could never be this soft or straight. 'Molly.' He whispered. 'Lucius.' He opened his eyes to look up into hers. She could see his heartbreak clearly written there and suddenly she realized what a mistake coming here had been. She knew what was coming and she dreaded it. 'Why?' 'Fabian's girlfriend. Please don't deny it. I can't bear it.' She croaked. He closed his eyes a pained expression echoing across his face. 'My father... I know he was there. Along with the other Death Eaters. They wanted me to go as well. Father wants me to take the mark." She stayed silent not trusting herself to speak. What could she say really? "I don't want to. I'm scared Molly.' His eyes filled with tears and she leaned down and kissed him. For the first time it wasn't frantic or hushed. She kissed him slowly pouring all of her love and sorrow into their kiss. Knowing that she would soon join the Order and he the Death Eaters. They would be on the opposite sides of a war, they would likely kill each other family members. She mourned the love they should have been able to have, kissing before classes, going on dates, and talking about him with her friends. He sat up not breaking their kiss pulling her into his lap. She felt small there, vulnerable. Their lips fused together softly and when they came up for air he paused before leaning back. "I love you." She whispered. "I know." He whispered back and lifted her up kissing her again. He settled her down onto the Teacher's desk his arms around her waist tugging her closely to him. She smiled as she felt him against her. She wrapped her legs tightly around his waist. He broke the kiss and looked at her questioningly. "Molly?" She smiled shyly. "Only if you want to." "Molly you can't take this back." "I would never want to." He didn't argue any further. He kissed her lips as she tore his robes off. She was about to undo her robes when she realized they weren't on. He was kissing a line down her neck that was making it hard to concentrate on exactly where her clothes went. She whimpered as his hands slid inside her. She felt herself pulse against him. "I want you Lucy. Please." He smiled at her new name for him. "Where?" He teased his fingers moving rapidly in her. She moaned as her body arched under her. She was about to cry out when he covered her lips with his own and kissed her. He smiled at her as she came down from her high. She squirmed in his hold. "Please?" She whispered. "Are you sure Molly. It's going to hurt. The first time always does." "I want it with you. Please." He carefully lined himself up to her. She smiled at him nodding at him to go on. He slowly went in inch by inch. She winced at the intrusion and he almost stopped. She pushed herself down on him to stop him from pulling out. He groaned and collapsed on her. She started to go up and down ignoring the sharp dull pain she felt. His head was sweaty on her neck and she held his neck tightly as she slid up and down. He held her tightly around her middle coming with her name on his lips. He buried his head into her shoulder murmuring her name over and over as she stroked his hair. They never had sex again in school but there were many many Hogsmade weekends. Her friends noticed a difference and so did his. The two were happy in their little bubble. She had written to Gideon to tell him what happened. He had been supportive like he always was. He also sent her a huge bouquet of flowers and chocolates with a card that said, 'Happy having sex day!' She was furious. Lucius had thought it was hilarious and thanked him personally in a letter. But happiness couldn't last forever and soon school was over and they