Prolouge A man with raven black hair stood before fourteen beings each of which looked sad to see him, "Please carry our powers with you….." The man who spoke had a black cloak shrouding him from light almost as if he was just a black vortex void of any life, "We, the Primordials, have blessed you with all of these powers; train well and maybe one day you can hope to defeat…." The man said before an earthquake shook the room, "You must go now….!" The man said as he sent a blast of pure energy towards the raven haired man causing him to fly out of the room and into an abyss. The raven haired man was floating through space confused. He had no idea where he was, but was enthralled by what he saw. Planets floated around him many seemed to dazzle with life while others were void of any and all life. He passed stars that shined blue and orange and eventually he found one that was all gold causing him to fall in love with the planets, but he had to go. He continued shooting towards a small planet and eventually he made it into the planet's atmosphere. He continued falling until he fell into a mountain and was surrounded by lava. The man soon felt exhaustion overcome him and he passed out. _1000 years later_ A rumbling could be heard as a village looked horrified at the mountain before them. It soon began to shake and eventually erupted causing the whole village to panic. Lava and molten ash over took the small village and the towns people screamed as the very flesh on their bodies melted at the intense heat coming from the mountain. A while after the village had been destroyed a man walked through the scorched streets staring at the ash around him. The man had raven black hair and deep sea green eyes that almost looked emerald. He had muscles that could be seen even through his loose fitting clothes. He was tall, about six foot three, and he seemed to walk past the village oblivious to the smell of burnt flesh. After a while of walking he came upon another city that mystified him. Buildings that were carved out of stone stood tall and proud. There were several men running around as a leader instructed them to do so. The man continued to walk through the city and eventually a scout found him and attacked him, "ποιος είσαι?" The soldier said as he grabbed the man and put his hand behind his back, "Δεν θα ζητήσω και πάλι, ποιος είσαι?" The man still spoke in a language that confused the raven haired man, "Θα σε πάρω να Λεωνίδα και θα ασχοληθεί μαζί σας." The man said as he pulled the raven haired man along. Several minutes later the man had dropped the raven haired boy on the stone floor, "Σπάρτακος, ποιος είναι αυτός που μου έφερε?" A tall man with brown hair said to the scout, who had brought the raven haired boy in, "Κύριος Λεωνίδας, αυτό το αουτσάιντερ ταξίδευε γύρω από την πόλη, έτσι τον έφερα εδώ για να σας." The scout said as he bowed, "Ποιος είσαι ο γιος?" The brown haired man said as the raven haired man looked at him. "I have no idea what you are saying." The raven haired man said as the king laughed, "Ah I see you speak Latin, very well, my name is Leonidas the person who brought you in is Spartacus he is one of my finest warriors." Leonidas said gesturing towards the scout, "Can you tell us your name and what you are doing in our fine city?" The man looked at Leonidas and frowned, "My name… it is something I do not remember, and I recently have awakened from my slumber and journeyed here first." The man said as Leonidas smiled. "Very well, I will take you in as my son, and your name shall be Perseus." Leonidas said as the man nodded, "As well, we shall train you in the arts and combat, and the ways of the Greeks." Perseus smiled and Leonidas turned towards Spartacus, "Καλώς ήρθατε στην οικογένειά μου Περσέα!" Spartacus lifted his shield and bowed. _13 years later_ "Perseus you're fighting is beyond me." Spartacus said in Greek as Perseus laughed at his teacher, "You laugh at this, but it is true you have been gifted by the gods with faster learning." Spartacus was about to say more when trumpets were sounded near the deepest hole. "Spartacus as much as I enjoy this trivial matter I believe a messenger has come let us hurry to the pit." Perseus said as the two rushed towards the trumpets sound. As they came to the pit they observed a Persian messenger talking about the army that would befall Sparta if the city did not hand itself over to the Persians. "You see Leonidas it would be your best interest to forgot your title as King and give it to my immortal lord." Perseus looked at the man who had claimed him as a son with wandering eyes "Father…" There was so much he wanted to say, but when the king turned to look into the deep sea green eyes of his son Perseus knew his father was going to do something rash. "Look around you Persian." Leonidas said extending his hand towards the people around the pit, "These people are my brothers and sisters at arms, and these people are free; they are not some slaves for your silly 'immortal' king…" "Speak your next words carefully King of Sparta." The Persian stated with a small grin that made the king frown. Leonidas pulled his sword out of his scabbard, "Oh Persian, I have indeed chosen my words carefully." He pointed his sword towards the messengers throat, "I'll send a message to your king. "You dare threaten a messenger?!" A yell escaped the old man, "This is outrage, propaganda!" The king laughed, "My intentions have been set since the moment you stepped foot in my kingdom to threaten me; this is my declaration of war!" Leonidas through his sword down and the kicked the messenger into the pit. His screams seemed to coincide with his guards as they to were tossed into the giant hole. Perseus looked at his father with respect and admiration, but sadness, "Father what now?" He asked as the king turned to his son. "Perseus, the answer is quite simple, we prepare." _several months later_ Percy stood next to King Leonidas as they prepared their troops to fight the 'god' of Persia. They stood on an open field with their enemy to the north and some three hundred Spartans behind them; each thoroughly trained by the best of Spartans. Many looked young but all knew what they were getting themselves into. "Spartans!" King Leonidas roared making sure each of his men could hear him, "Tonight we prove that even some 'god' king can bleed!" Bashings of spears on shields could be heard as the deadly Spartans clambered together looking at their opposition. Across the battlefield in a throne fit for a god sat a brown skinned man. He looked at the Spartans with a smirk before speaking from across the desert. "King Leonidas I will give you and your strong men this opportunity." He waved his hand in a panzy matter before opening his sly eyes, "Put down your weapons and submit, join me and my kingdom, and help rule the world!" Leonidas looked at Percy before looking at his men and nodding, "Silly Persian 'god' my men and I have chosen victory over some petty defeat." He shouted causing everyone to shake except for Percy, "Know your place Xerxes!" A very sinister red aura surrounded Leonidas enveloping him in the spirit of war he shoved all his might into a throwing spear and chunked it at the head of the 'god'. The spear was so fast no mortal could have dodged it, and by the luck of the God's Xerxes barely tilted his head. However, the spear clipped his ear causing red hot blood to spill from his head. "KILL THEM." Xerxes roared as arrows flew towards the Spartans blanketing the sky in darkness. "Turtle Formation." Leonidas calmly stated as his men hoisted their shields in a dorm formation which was used to block the arrows as they harmlessly bounced off of the golden shields, "CHARGE!" The battlefield was a mess as every Spartan seemed to plow through the army of Persia like they were butter. As they made it closer the enemy seemed to get larger as the Spartans kept going through their enemies. Percy seemed to be a whirlwind as he slaughtered anyone who got in his way heading towards the throne. However, left and right spartans kept falling, dying at the hands of the persians which infuriated Percy to try harder, and kill even more people. His sword slid through the enemy's armor as if it was thin air. Eventually Percy and Leonidas made it to the tower which Xerxes sat upon. Leonidas charged the tower steps which made Percy yell after him, "Wait!" He cried as the king of Spartans was cut in two by five assassins cloaked in darkness. "Look spartan your king and your people have perished even though you have reached my throne!" Xerxes started laughing before waving his hand to the assassins to end the spartans life. . "You…" Percy said as vapor escaped his mouth making him look like a dragon, "You all should DiE !" The assassins started to come towards Percy but before they could move each of their heads exploded causing brain matter to spew all over the steps. Xerxes face contorted as it looked like Percy was just walking up the steps. "W-what are you?" Xerxes voice said to Percy who did not reply as he just continued to casually walk up the steps, "S-stay back!" Xerxes was fearful of his life as Percy stood right in front of him, "W-wha.." There was no more of Xerxes he just ceased to exist there were no ashes, no blood, just no traces of life. " Puny fake God. " Percy looked at the emptiness, and then turned his head back to the desolate desert. It took him three seconds to kill everything in his sight. There was no more happiness no more people just emptiness, emptiness and Percy. Tears flowed out of his eyes even though he did not know he was crying. He started picking up all of the Spartans bodies, and placed them on their shields. That is when everything hit him and he cried. He cried for so long it was surprising the desert had not turned into an ocean. He looked at his dead comrades and shook his head in recognition. He took out his gladius, and began carving the names of each soldier making Leonidas's name the largest. He then cried until he nodded his head. He snapped his fingers and all of the bodies and shield disappeared and he knew where they were. He knew that they were home. The years passed quickly and Percy wandered the Earth equipped with his sword and sorrow. He tried to think less of the world but occasionally he would save a person or two. Until almost 406 years had passed and he ended up laying in an alleyway on a fateful day. "Hello sir." A man with stunning eyes and brown hair said as he held out his hand to a young boy maybe 14 years of age, "Would you like a better life?" Percy looked up at the man and gave him a smile before taking his hand and pulling himself up. "My name is Spartacus." The older gentleman said as he looked at Percy expectantly. "Percy." The boy said and Spartacus smiled. "Well Percy follow me!" He then went through the city of Rome with Percy following