Quick shout outs to peopel who got this update rolling as fast as it did. DarkGamer159: for coming up with several ideas and the title Necklace Of Tears: Who inspired the idea of the Fates. His story linked at bottom Also Rick for letting me write some cool shit that should be-ahh Pertemis. "Gabe, open up." A loud knock came from the oak apartment door, "It's time for us to collect, open up." The man who had hit the door in the first place could be described as the typical mafia lackey: black oxfords, black slacks, a white collared button up shirt, and a black sports coat. He didn't seem to happy as he continued to beat the door, "Well if you aren't coming out…" The man kicked the door down, "I guess I'll be coming in." The place didn't seem to be upkept and as the man and his comrade walked through the house they could hear strange noises coming from the kitchen. *Bam* *Bam* *Thwak* The men believed that Gabe was over in the direction of the strange noises so they went to check it out. *Bam* *Thwak* "What are you doing, Kid?" The man asked a black haired boy. He was staring intently at the kid as the boy turned around. "Just the usual, sir." The boy looked at the intruders who had waltz into his home, and shrugged. "Your step dad, why are you hitting him?" The man asked as the murky green eyes of the boy looked up at the man. "Well, sir, when I got home he was hanging here." He referred to the pig like man hanging by a noose over the kitchen, "So I tried hitting him." The boy replied as he hit the body to show the men what he had been doing. "Why is what I am asking." The formal man who was staring at the child with cold eyes stated. He caught a glimpse of a scar on the boys neck. "Well I thought, for all I thought for all of the times he hit me, why not pay him back, sir." The boy's eyes were trained on the man who shook his head. He reared back and punched the boy on the cheek, successfully causing blood to run down his nose, and puddle onto the floor. "That is called a real punch." The man said as he turned towards the lifeless corpse of Gabe, "You make sure to straighten out your body and as you go to deliver the killing blow, pivot so that all of your momentum comes cleanly out." The man reared back and swung at Gabe. As he hit the body it began to swing. As it came to a stop, blood began to flow down the rolls of fat, and puddled onto the floor. "Henry what are you teaching him at such a time!" The man's partner exclaimed as he looked at the corpse, "You shouldn't be touching it!" The man looked at his partner like an idiot looks at a math quiz, "Oh, you're right." The bald partner shook his head, "Well shit, I guess we'll need an extraction team to clean this up." The man walked towards the door before turning to look at the young boy, "Look kid." He said pointing to the lifeless corpse, "Look carefully, this is how the loser of any battle looks like, whether it's your studies or fighting this is what a loser looks like. So whatever you do be strong, and never be a loser." As the two gang members sat outside the bald man looked up at the house, "Crazy kid right?" He muttered, "Beating up his step dad like that." The other man scoffed. "The kid was abused too, he wasn't raised with love from his parents so he knows no /such feelings." The man, Henry, muttered as he took a drag from his cigarette, "Even so that kid…" The man looked up towards the apartment room, "He could throw a punch he knew exactly where that man's vital points where." The other man looked on in shock as Henry took another drag from his cigarette before sniffing it out. "The truth is mother…. I wanted to live with you." The black haired boy said to what was assumed to be his mother, "I'll study hard and not be a nuisance." The boy looked at the woman as they road in the black coupe. "I wonder if that will really be enough." She muttered to herself as they rode, "Percy, do you really want to live with me no matter what?" The woman asked the boy doubt in her eyes as she looked at him. "Yes." It was a weak reply, but he was almost adamant on it. He had not been with her for the beginning of his life, and he wanted to get to know her better. He was happy that he could finally spend time with her. Instead of being beaten by his stepdad who didn't love him or even want him for that matter. "Really?" She again whispered to the window as the two rolled up too a fancy apartment building. The two walked up to the elevator and began ascending to the eighty sixth floor. As they made it to room one thousand seventy six they were greeted by a nasty site. Inside was a man injecting things into his arm and when his mother saw it she started to quiver, "Nathan…" She whispered as she stepped into the awful place, "I haven't had that in like forever do-do you have anymore?" She asked as the man laughed before holding up a baggy. "Do you want?" He asked her as she walked over to him, "It's the usual stuff." He looked at her expectantly as she got on her hands and knees and began pleasuring him, "Oh my!" He yelled, "You're actually doing this with him in here." The man couldn't help but laugh as the boy looked at the pair with shocked eyes. "S-s-stop." The boy cried in a muffled whisper. As he watched the sight with his murky green eyes. Slowly he understood why his mother was constantly ask him if he really wanted to be living with her. " Stop ?" The man replied as he stood up, "I said I didn't mind you staying here if you weren't going to be a nuisance, but in my opinion." He reared back and kick the kid in the stomach sending him flying into the living room coffee table, "You are being quite a nuisance." The man walked over to the boy and dumped boiling water onto his face, "Brats should learn to sit down and shut up and do what the fuck they are told." He kicked the boy again, but this time into a wall. The first thing that hit Percy's senses was the smell, and when he looked over to his right he saw the corpse of a young child slowly rotting away, "Damn I should've taken that out by now." The man said as he caught a whiff of the smell, "I'll just add it to the list once I'm done with you." The man started chasing the boy, and caused Percy to panic. 'Remember throw the punch like this.' The teachings that were instilled by Henry only hours ago played through Percy's mind. He got into the same stance as Henry and waited for the monster of a human to come, 'Remember kid, this is what a loser looks like.' Flashbacks of Gabe's dead body flowed through the mind of young Percy as he threw a swing at the man successfully hitting him in the jaw. "What?" The man said as he tried to take a step, but couldn't move, "What did you…" He looked st the boy with pure fury, "I'll kill you, I'll rip you limb from limb, I'll…" "This is what a loser looks like." Percy's monotone voice echoed through the room as he grabbed an ashtray from behind him. The man looked at the boy with fear, but what could he do, he was only seven. Oh how wrong this drugged man was because Percy began to beat the ashtray into the mans skull. Blood splattered all over Percy as he continued to beat the man successfully releasing his body into the realm of Hades. Yesterday a report Cale in of a man being killed in his own apartment on the eighth sixth floor of Sunnyside Apartments. The man had been beaten to death by a blunt object, and a boy was found in the same room with an ashtray in his hands whilst covered head to toe in blood. He is now under protection. In the apartment of twenty eight year old Nathan Farway was vast amounts of cannabis and mummified bodies of children also were found. The suspect, who lived together with Nathan, Sally Jackson, was arrested on charge of suspicion illegal drug use and illegal corpse disposal- the boy under… Percy was in the hospital laying in his bed as he looked at a woman sitting down in front of him. She was pretty to say the least with black hair, and a slender form. Behind her was a stocky detective looking man who was staring intently at the boy. ""Yes, that's right." Percy said in his monotone voice, "I hit him in the head again and again and again with an ashtray." He stopped to look at the two people, "And then the man became unable to move." The stocky man behind the woman was appalled by what the boy had told the two of them, 'Prime age for remembering things too, poor kid.' "A-and you couldn't stop this from happening?" The woman stuttered to ask the boy. Percy's eyes became blank. "If I hadn't killed him I would've been killed." Percy's words and the way he said them impacted the two people who had never seen a case such as this one, "Uh...Umm" Percy looked at the two adults who nodded for him to go on, "My-my mother… What has become of her?" The two detectives looked at one another, 'She's in a trauma ward kid and probably going to be issued into the asylum.' The man thought looking at the kid. "Well...She's not in a good condition." The lady said as the boy looked back down at the sheets, "I'm sorry." The boy nodded and the woman felt horrible, "Well, young Percy the courts is thinking of putting you in an orphanage that I run, and I was hoping that you could put your trust and hope into me for the time being." The lady said with a smile. Percy only nodded as he was to busy with his tainted emotions to care. The woman smiled at him, "You'll get used to the life at the orphanage in no time Percy." The lady said was she smiled at him, "Everyone there is so bright and good that I'm sure you will make friends in no time!" In all honesty Percy really could care less of what people had to offer him as his life was so fucked up, "And don't worry Percy I will be there as well!" She looked at Percy and then saw the scar on his neck. She slid in close and hugged him, "There, there it must have been hard." She tried comforting him to which he started crying as flashbacks of his dad beating him flashed through his weren't tears of sadness. THey were just tears that seemed to flow out of his eyes as if they wanted to escape the sorrowful body of a small seven year old boy who had seen to much for his age. The night was a dark one about five days later, and two men finally disposed of the rotting corpse that was Gabe, "Oh is that right?" A man with slicked black hair said into his smartphone, "The boy is