A/N: Anyone who is reading this because they have me on author alert DO NOT FEAR!!! I am still writing my other fics...I promise they will be finished. It's just I had a dream of this fic and I want to know if you guys think I should carry it on...I know my other fics are not like other Twilight fics, but this one really sort of takes the biscuit. This is all I've written of it (seven pages your lucky readers!) and it's going to be pretty hard to keep writing. You guys tell me that you want me to continue and I will, but I'm not making any promises this time. I'm an inch away from a promotion at work and that's my priority, although if I get an unprecedented amount of reviews I will endeavour to continue this story for you :P. NB: There is a lot of narrative, as fans of my other stories will know I LOVE to write character progression, so deal with it. Let me know though – you like it, you don't - this is VERY different to my usual stuff so PLEASE let me know! Disclaimer: Don't own the original Twilight characters, but the original characters are from my heart and soul and I will guard them jealously. I stood on the wrecked car, looking down at the vampire. Their blood red eyes were trained on me, even as their last victim lay in their arms, bloody and battered. I smiled at them. "You want my blood?" I asked, feigning surprise. "Well, I'm here, come and get it." The vampire watched me warily. He couldn't be more than a year old, still more animal than man. It was taking them longer to grow...civilised now. Now they didn't have to hide, no pressure to fit in, just kill whenever they wanted and there wasn't a damn thing we could do about it. Well, we'll see about that. He growled at me, suspicious. I smiled. Perhaps the rumours are getting out, the vampires are wary now. "Come and get it then." I said, holding a knife to my arm and pressing it until it pinched me. It seemed too much for the vampire to take, the idea of me spilling my blood for it. He jumped at me and suddenly a pair of strong arms grabbed me, pulling me away as the vampire cleared the car...and fell over the other side, into a large box that had been waiting for it. It was made of reinforced concrete. Not strong enough to hold a vampire for long, but enough to hold it for long enough. There were large slits in the box. "Now!" I shouted and a figure darted over and slammed the lid on before the confused, savage vampire could take its bearings. Three others came out from behind shells of buildings and launched harpoons into the slits, there was a scream of rage from within the box and a terrible ripping noise as the harpoons were winded back out again. "Tyler, now!" I shouted as Tyler ran forwards with a flamethrower and began blasting through one of the holes. There were screams of gut wrenching agony...and then it stopped. Everyone was quiet. Once it was apparent there were no more sounds coming from the box, everyone breathed a sigh of relief. I looked up at the figure who had pulled me off the car as the vampire had jumped for me. Jacob looked unhappy as he looked back down at me and I gave him a small smile. "Well, let's see how it worked." I said after a while, moving out of his embrace and walking towards the box. "Stay back." Jacob grabbed my arm and thrust me behind him. "For all your training, Bella you're still only human and if this is a trick it will kill you in a beat of your heart." I opened my mouth to protest, to tell them that I could handle it, that I didn't need him to coddle me anymore. I may be human but I'd been training, I was fast and I was strong. But he was right. I wasn't fast enough. I wasn't strong enough. I never would be. "He's right, little sister." A large man said from behind me, where he had been guarding in case the vampire tried to make a run for it. "Stay back until we know it's done." Emmett put a hand on my shoulder and I nodded. The two of them walked towards the box cautiously. There was a reshuffle of people as the few vampires and wolves on their team took defensive positions around the humans. Emmett and Jacob looked at each other and then opened the box. "He's toast." Emmett declared, and with that Tyler let out a large whoop and clapped his hands. "Shut up! Moron." Elisa shushed him. "We don't want to attract any more of them. Not until we're ready." "Let's get back to base." I said, letting out a huge whoosh of air I didn't realise I'd been holding. "It won't take long for the others to realise what happened and we can't be here when they do." Everyone began walking back to their trucks, heading back to home. No truck would have just humans in it, it wasn't safe to travel alone these days. Emmett looked thoughtful as he slid into the truck next to me and started the engine. "It works." I said to him. "Yeah, on stupid newborns when you've got a ton of back up." Emmett said. "It's too dangerous to even attempt trying it with only humans, the slightest error and you all get killed." "Did anyone make a mistake today? We've been training for weeks for this." "It's too risky." Jacob piped up from the backseat. "It's a good idea, but no way I'm letting you guys do it solo." "Then what do we do, Jacob?" I turned around to him. "We just let them keep killing? I just let you guys go out without me? We can manufacture these things, we can hone them, make them better. Hundreds of units all around the world. We can try and beat them back." I turned back front and slid down in my seat. "It's a start, I never said it was perfect, I just wanted to see if it works, and because of it, they're number is down by one." "One out of thousands." Jacob said, staring out of the window. The car ride was silent after that, and once we got home I oversaw everyone getting in. We were staying in an old bunker, reinforced concrete underground. Over the year we'd been here we'd been extending it, and what with the supernatural help around it was getting really quite big and homely. There was a 24 hour wolf and vamp patrol to make sure we had no unwanted visitors, but there was always a stream of people coming to us, seeking help and a way out of Seattle. We would arrange them transport to more southern areas, where the vampire population was less focused, but nowhere was really safe anymore, nowhere that could handle more people anyway, not since they came out of hiding. The team was rowdy, elated with the success, already discussing how to modify the procedure, how to make it better. I smiled at them and went to my room without a word. A usual occurrence for me, so no one really took notice of the fact that I disappeared. Today was a good day, as good a day as we got around here. The procedure worked, the harpoons were strong enough –that was my main worry. It was a step down the road, but we weren't travelling fast enough – I was starting to get frustrated with how long everything was taking. I wanted to find him again, I wanted to know he was safe, alive. I wanted him here with me. It would all be so much easier once we'd recovered him. It has been three years since Edward left me. I was starting to try and get on with my life, and I was succeeding, for a while. I even thought something might have even happened with Jacob, but that's when it happened. A new group of vampires took on the Volturi, killed them and took charge of the vampire world. A lot of the Volturi followers accepted the new rulers, who had a very different view of the vampire's role in society. Vampires announced themselves to the world and chaos ensued. Fights fought in secret began to come out into the streets in broad daylight, riots broke out everywhere as people tried to protect themselves with wooden stakes and garlic, but obviously it didn't work. The president was killed and replaced, and now humans were just toys to the vampires will, to kill to create new vampires as they saw fit. The only reason the human raced existed was for food. There was no way to stop them, not anymore. Vegetarianism in vampires was made illegal, and from what Emmett has told me the Cullens scattered to try and get away. Alice and Jasper took to South America, and Carlisle and Esme went east, to Asia. Emmett and Rosalie were planning on the deserts of Africa, but that was before they got Rosalie. Emmett tried to save her, but there were too many of them, they dragged her off somewhere. We weren't even sure whether she was still alive. And Edward...well Edward was coming back for me. That's what Emmett said anyway. When he first heard the news apparently I was his first thought, to protect me...because he still loved me. I clutched at my sides as I remembered that. He took off before all of his family has even made their plans, without a word to them after he saw Alice's vision. But...he never made it. Forks was ravaged just like all the rest of America, some were turned, a lot were killed. The wolves put up a great fight, but numbers were against them. They got Charlie as he tried to save some of the townspeople. He died doing his job. They killed most of the kids at my school, but Tyler managed to get out. We picked him up in the chaos and he's been following me ever since. I think Mike was turned, but I'm not sure. I just remember coming out of the Newton's store after work to find three vampires out there, feeding off of Mike's mom and another person. I would have died too if Emmett hadn't come to Forks looking for me once Edward disappeared. He says that I'm the only family he's got left now. I can't contact Renee, and one day I might have to face the idea that she's dead as well, but it could be that she's gone into hiding. Either way, I guess Emmett and Jacob are all I have too. We got out of Forks with as many people as we could find. Jacob refused to come, stating that he couldn't leave La Push unprotected, but I couldn't stay. Edward is still alive. I know that with all my heart and soul. He's somewhere, he's in pain but I will find him and save him and Rosalie both. Emmett and I went underground with our little band of stragglers, and Emmett trained us. It was unrelenting few months at first, and I thought I was going to die from the pain of it, but we needed it. I looked down at the muscles on my arms. I was stronger and faster, the strongest and fastest I could be, but I wasn't good enough. After a year or so, we found that with the new savage vampires, there were other vampires being made that rejected the lifestyle, vampires like Emmett. In Carlisle's name we took them in, gave them refuge and helped them to