Disclaimer: I don't own the character; he belongs to his creator and owner. Note: Percy is over 18 years of age. Percy Jackson stood barefoot to the side of the stage, unable to stand still due to his nervousness. He didn't like what he was about to do, but he felt like he had no choice. Percy looked around the dingy space he was standing in, at the peeling paint, and the broken window that had been fixed with tape. It looked like the perfect hideout for a monster. Percy knew, though, that he had to take the risk. He was standing next to the stage was because of the tuition at New Rome College. Percy was partway through a Bachelor of Marine Biology, and the benefit of being able to speak to most marine life meant he was doing well in classes for the first time in his life. However, he still hadn't paid his tuition for this year, and he only had two weeks left before his deadline. It wasn't that he didn't have any money at all, but he was still a bit short, and, considering he still had two years left to pay, any help would be useful. Percy was also hesitant to ask his mother to loan him money. While her marriage to his stepfather had made them financially stable, Percy knew that they weren't rich, and paying for his tuition would cut into the few comforts they could afford. After seeing he mother put up with Smelly Gabe, Percy was loath to spoil her second chance. After doing some research, Percy quickly found out that the quickest way to make a lot of money were more risqué. So, one weekend, while Annabeth was visiting her family in San Francisco, Percy had taken the opportunity to go on his own trip – to Las Vegas. Sin City gave him the perfect opportunity to complete his plan. A loud voice near his ear broke through his reverie. The manager had come up to speak with him. "Alright, Percy?" he asked jovially, giving Percy a slap on the back. "Not too nervous?" Percy stumbled forwards from the blow, then managed to pull himself upright again. The manager was a tall, broad-chested man, who didn't seem to know his own strength. Percy smiled weakly at him. "I guess so", he replied. "I'm new at this, so I don't have much experience." The manager looked thoughtful for a moment. "I have an idea", he said. "I can blindfold you, and you can go on stage with one of the other performers." His eyes glittered as he warmed to the idea. "In fact, that may be even better." Percy listened to the hubbub from behind the curtain for a moment, then nodded. The manager bustled away, called at the top of his voice. He returned after a minute, with a piece of fabric in one hand, and a pretty girl in the other. The manager shoved the fabric at Percy, then pointed at the girl. "This is Lily", the manager said. "She will help you tonight." Percy looked closer at Lily. She was a slightly shorter than him. Her wavy red hair rolled passed her shoulders, accentuating the ample cleavage that she showed. If it wasn't for the fact that Percy was taken, he would have fallen for her right there and then. As it was, Percy's face reddened, and he quickly looked away from Lily. "Well", the manager said, giving Percy what he thought was a reassuring smile, but only made Percy more nervous, "you'd better start, then." The manager shoved Percy in the direction of the stage, and the demigod stumbled into bright light. He looked off the stage to see a sea of faces gazing up at him. The room was smoky, so it was difficult to make out details, and the noise of the conversations from the crowded bar deafened him. A wolf whistle from the crowd alerted Percy that Lily had followed him onto the stage. "Please have a warm welcome to Percy", Lily said in a warm voice that made everyone in the room fall silent. "It's his first time on stage tonight. I am Lily, and I'll be assisting him. Please give him a round of applause." The tumult from the audience was nearly enough to make Percy bolt back to the wings. But Lily grabbed his arm, and spun him to face her. "Relax", she said. Instantly, the butterflies in Percy's stomach lessened. "I can blindfold you, if you think it will help", she continued. Percy nodded, unable to speak. Lily took a piece of material out from her cleavage, and showed it to the audience with a flourish. She then proceeded to tie it around Percy's head. The last thing Percy saw before he was shrouded in darkness was Lily's face, smiling at him. The darkness seemed to help. Although Percy could still hear the murmur of the crowd, without seeing them, he could disassociate himself with what he was doing. It also helped that the blindfold smelt strongly of Lily's scent, a combination of roses and cinnamon that sometimes threatened to overpower Percy, but mostly made him feel more confident. Lily took Percy's hand in her own, and raises it in the air. "Who wants to see more of Percy?" she shouted. The reply from the crowd was a wall of sound that would have overwhelmed Percy if he wasn't holding on tightly to Lily's hand. The demigod stood apprehensively, unsure what to do. Then he felt a hand running up his chest. Percy let out an involuntary shiver at the touch. Lily loosened her hand from Percy's own, and brought it up to stroke his chest as well. One hand slipped beneath Percy's chest, the fingers pressing against his unnaturally hot chest. Slowly, Lily undid the buttons of Percy's shirt, waiting until the crowd yelled their approval before moving onto the next one. Soon, his shirt was open, and his chest was exposed to eager audience. With practiced ease, Lily slipped Percy's shirt off completely. Percy could nearly feel the gaze of the gathered people watching him. Being blindfolded gave this event a surreal touch – it seemed at times that he was just hallucinating this whole show, and he was back in his dorm room, in the dark, with Annabeth's hands caressing his body. Just the thought of Annabeth made Percy's cock twitch. With a self-control that Percy didn't realise he had, he quashed these emotions. This was a job, and he was going to treat it as if it were one. Lily moved to stand behind Percy, and pressed her body against his. Percy could feel the curves of her breasts pressing against his back. Her hands continued to explore his upper body, passing over each hard-won scar, and slowly working their way down his chest, inch by inch. The intensity of the crowd's attention was nearly palpable. They had fallen silent as Percy's shirt had fallen to the floor, but now a quiet hubbub had begun. Percy somehow knew that they were all still intently focused on the stage. Suddenly, Lily's hand slipped into Percy's pants. His gasp of surprise was mirrored by a collective gasp from the crowd. "You liked that", Lily remarked playfully, ambiguously referring to either Percy or the crowd. She squeezed Percy's cock once, then removed her hand. Her hands went to a nipple each, tweaking them until they were erect. "What do you want me to do next?" Lily asked the audience. The reply was deafening, and Percy couldn't make anything out. Lily, however, seemed to have better hearing than him. "Ok", she called out, and the crowd went silent again. "These are the two things that I heard most often. I'll give you the choice about which one I'll do next. I can either take off Percy's pants, or play our favourite game with him!" The crowd began to yell again. This time, Percy could make out the words, "pants!" and "game!" yelled in many different voices. "We're going to have a vocal vote", Lily said, projecting her voice over the crowd. "When I say an option, yell at the top of your voice. First – pants!" The yell was loud enough to make Percy nervous. In the past, he'd only heard screams like that when an army of monsters were about to attack. "Alright", Lily said, and the yelling vanishing. "Secondly – game!" This scream was loud enough that Percy would have stepped backwards, had Lily not been standing behind him. It was obvious that he would be playing the game. "Game it is, then", Lily agreed. "I'd like to welcome some special guests to the stage to help us out." The crowd applauded as Lily disentangled herself from Percy, and stood next to him. "For those who haven't seen the game played before", she explained, "this is how it works. Percy is going to touch a part of one of our guests' bodies. His job is to guess what it is. If he doesn't, then he gets punished later on. Let's start with the first challenge." Lily lifted Percy's hand, and placed it on warm flesh. Someone from the crowd wolf-whistled. Percy felt around carefully. He could feel a round body part, that was a bit squishy. A bit of exploration helped Percy find a nipple. "This is a boob", he pronounced, loudly enough so that the crowd could hear him. The audience cheered, and the woman stepped away from Percy. "Good work", Lily said encouragingly, a smile present in her tone. "Now, number two." Lily guided Percy's hand again. He touched something that felt similar to the boob he had just felt. This time, though, Percy could feel hairs that he wouldn't expect on a female. What would feel like a boob on a male? Percy thought to himself. He mused for a moment, then came to an answer. "It's a butt cheek, isn't it?" he asked. Once again, the crowd applauded, and Percy gave himself a self-satisfied grin. His competitive spirit was getting the better of him. The next challenge was harder. Lily placed Percy's hand on a flat part of skin, this slowly directed it downwards. For a bit, Percy didn't know what he was feeling; curves and ridges felt different from what he was used to them feeling when he had sight to help him. When he felt, though, a drop of moisture appearing from between two ridges, Percy had a good idea what he was touching. To confirm, and partially to have some fun, Percy slowly pressed a finger into the gap, and was rewarded by a gasp, then a moan from the woman he was touching. He pushed further in, then quickly pulled his finger out again. "I'm quite sure this is a pussy", he said with a grin. For a third time, the audience clapped uproariously. Lily then took Percy's hand for the final test. His hand closed upon a warm and hard tube of flesh. Percy recognised it immediately, though he'd only felt his own before. Quickly, he took his hand off the protruding member. "That's a cock", he said softly. Percy was quite sure that his face was going red. This wasn't helped by the crowd, who laughed at his nervous response. "That's very good, Percy", Lily said in her best teacher's impression. "You definitely know how to recognise a cock." The crowd laughed again, to Percy's embarrassment. Percy was about to comment, when Lily spoke again, this time to their audience. "Speaking of cocks", she said, "who wants to see Percy's?" The crowd erupted with applause and shouts; Percy got the overwhelming impressions that the answer was 'yes'. Lily ran her hands down Percy's chest again, then slipped them down to his belt. She unbuckled it, slid is off his pants, and, before Percy could protest, buckled it around his neck like a collar. To Percy, being blindfolded,