Phillipa seated herself at the bar. She looked to her left and right, noting she was one of about five others at the bar, and about thirty in the rest of the place. She was looking forward to the piano bar after a long day of making nice, needing to unwind with music and a few drinks. Or maybe more than a few drinks. She ordered a blended martini, and as soon as she was served, she turned and rested her back against the bar, facing the piano, and let her mind drift over the day. She'd arrived in the Bahamas late last night, and checked into her suite, then collapsed exhaustedly on the bed. She woke up this morning to sun streaming through the thin curtains, heating her eyelids and turning them red. Slowly opening her eyes and blinking against the sun, she threw a pillow over her face with a moan. She knew what today would entail, and some of it would be misery, some would be sweet revenge. She grinned evilly into the pillow with the last thought. She knew she had to get through the worst to get the best. With a sigh, she pushed the pillow away and sat up, gathering her bearings. As she got her things together for a shower, she thought of why she was here in the first place. Her high school ten year reunion. Granted she'd graduated a couple years early, due to the fact that she didn't have a life outside of school then- mostly because she was always picked on. The rest of her classmates would be around twenty eight or nine, and she was almost 27. She'd been the youngest in her class, being born in August, and then skipping a couple grades didn't help either. But she'd gone to a prestigious private school, and of course her class president would want their reunion at some fancy resort, so they could flaunt their money. Well, now she could flaunt her own money and not her parents, she thought with a grin as the water cascaded over her head and down her back. Her parents had been lower middle class, and had worked their assess off to send her to that school. And now, she was able to repay them, and continue to support them with her career. Granted it was a little unexpected, and the career seemed to choose her, but who was she to argue? She loved what she did, and was able to turn a hobby into money. What more could you ask for in life? Stepping out of the shower to towel off, she decided on what to wear. She knew the "popular" girls would probably wear something flashy, maybe slightly whorey. Diamond encrusted bikinis, she thought with a smirk. With their fake bodies and trust funds. Rolling her eyes, she went to her suitcase. As she hung her clothes up, she decided on a pale blue halter top maxi dress and nude wedge sandals. When she was dressed, she did her makeup and hair- mascara around her jade eyes, lipgloss on her full lips, and a little blush on her high cheekbones- she hadn't been here long enough for it to be natural yet- and her wavy auburn hair, which hung to the middle of her back, was twisted up and pinned securely to her head, with loose strands falling around. Sliding on her dark aviator sunglasses, she left her room and made her way to the check in desk. As soon as she saw who was manning the table, she had to stop and duck around a corner, covering her mouth in an attempt to conceal the burst of laughter that was fighting it's way out. Of course it was the prom king and queen, the most popular kids of her class manning the table. She peeked her head around the corner, taking a look before she approached them. They both were orange in their attempts to look like they'd been there longer than anyone else. Keith was pretty much the same, but probably fifteen to twenty pounds heavier, but still handsome. She imagined he probably didn't have the same body type he'd always bragged about in school. And Kelly, her breasts were obviously fake, stuffed into a bright pink spaghetti strap tank top. Her lips had been lipo'd, and her nose had been straightened. Phillipa watched them as they laughed together about something that was said, and secretly wondered if they'd gotten married to each other. Well, here goes. She rounded the corner and came into their line of vision. She jumped for joy inside when Keith's jaw dropped. She fist punched the air when Kelly elbowed Keith and frowned slightly. "Good morning Keith, Kelly, I see you're still looking well," Phillipa said with a warm smile. Kelly's eyebrows drew together. "And you would be..." "Phillipa Martin," she said. She was glad she was wearing dark glasses so she could watch Keith's eyes bug out of his head. Stifling a giggle, she slid her sunglasses up to sit on her head, and gave them a megawatt smile. "Phil, how nice to see you again," Kelly said, her snottiness leaking through. "It's Phillipa," she corrected, trying to to grind her teeth at the sound of her old teasing name. So she hadn't physically developed until later, and she had a slightly boyish figure and shorter hair. But that was an awkward stage. It was way behind her now. "Phillipa, you look amazing," Keith said, surprise in his voice. "Why thank you, Keith." She waited patiently while Kelly wrote her name on a sticker. She saw Kelly's hand pause when Phil was completed. "Now Kelly, let's not be childish." Kelly sighed and copied Phillipa's name from the list and handed the sticker and a paper brochure to her. "Thank you." Keith was still staring. "I'll see you around Kelly, Keith." She passed the table and into the Oceanview Suite, the room her reunion was to be held at. She paused just inside the door and surveyed the room. There were 77 in her graduating class, and she figured about half was there already. She looked at the brochure, and noticed Keith and Kelly had the three day event planned out for everyone. Mix and mingle this morning, brunch at 11, then various activities throughout the day. They were to reconvene here at five for a buffet style dinner and "reminiscing and updating," as the brochure said. Blah. Refolding the paper, she added the alarm to her phone, and felt a strange tingling on the back of her neck. She glanced up slyly, looking around, and found the reason for her body's reaction. Her high school crush. Robert Pattinson. He'd been in everything musically related the school had, and supposedly won a modeling contract after school. He still looked just as he had in high school, but more masculine. His blond hair had darkened a bit, and was just a tad longer now, long enough to look like he'd run his hands through it few times. His gray eyes sparkled as he took in the room from his post at the bar. Her old daydreams and inspirations came back, flashing past in quick succession as he pushed away from the bar and began to move. Now he was one she'd be interested in hearing about later in the catching up session. He'd always been kind to her, but never overly friendly. He was still in great shape, toned nicely. She watched him pass her by without a glance, and continue on into the room. The room its self was nice, but plain. Sand colored walls, a temporary stage with a podium at the front. About ten folding tables with burgundy table clothes were lined up against the wall to her left, obviously for food service. Round tables with chairs were in the center in rows, with matching table clothes and chairs. A small fern plant was the centerpiece. To her right were the rest rooms and the bar. Taking a deep breath, she took off her sunglasses and set them in her clutch, and made her way to the bar. Ordering a screwdriver, she took the first sip, then scanned the crowd, looking for someone familiar. Squeeing to herself like a fangirl, she spotted her old best friend. They talked occasionally, once every few months or so. She made a beeline for Marissa, talking to a guy she didn't know, but seemed familiar. "Marissa!" Phillipa exclaimed, a grin on her face. "Fe! Oh my God you look incredible!" They embraced in a tight hug. "Thanks! You too! You lost weight!" "Thanks! Twenty pounds. Baby weight and all, couldn't come here not ready for swim suits." "I know, right?" "Fe, you remember Aaron from our old French class? This is him!" Marissa gushed, slightly swooning. Phillipa glanced between the two, then took a good look at his face. He'd changed quite a bit too, but now she recognized him. He'd always sat next to Marissa on the other side of her. They'd never really talked. "Hi Aaron, how are you?" They chatted for a while, and Phillipa didn't even notice the time passed so quickly when they rang the brunch bell at eleven. They made their way to the tables loaded with a feast, and began filling their plates. Phillipa didn't fail to notice the new friendship forming between her old friend and Aaron. She followed behind them, not really paying attention to what she was doing, when she reached for a serving spoon, and her hand bumped another. "Sorry!" she exclaimed quickly, then looking up to the hands owner. Robert. Her heart began to race, never seeming to have forgotten it's original reaction to him. "I'm sorry, you go ahead." He paused, waiting for her to finish with the spoon. "I'm sorry, I can't place your name." "You probably remember me by the name of Phil," she said with a shy smile, his accent melting her. He still had it, but it definitely wasn't as strong as she remembered. "Phil- Phillipa?!" He leaned back in surprise, and took in her appearance. "Wow you've changed, for the better. How have you been?" he said with a genuine smile. They moved on down the line. "It's nice to see you again. I've been good. You look great yourself, but you always have," she told him quietly. "This is so high school for me to say," he laughed and shook his head. "But, can I sit with you?" It was her turn to be surprised. "Of course!" then cringed inwardly. That probably sounded a little too excited. With a newfound energy, she served herself quickly, and joined Marissa and Aaron, Robert following closely. They sat- Aaron, Marissa, Phillipa and Robert, one chair left open. Phillipa noticed Marissa and Aaron were already absorbed in their own conversation. "God, Phillipa, I can't get over you," Robert said, sitting next to her, still checking her out. "You're beautiful. I mean, then you were-" "It's okay," she said, trying to save him from stumbling over his words. He smiled in relief. "I understand. I'm a couple years younger than everyone else, so I developed later, after I left high school." "Is that why? I never knew you were younger, I thought everyone picked on you because you were small and boyish. And I know it didn't help with the popular kids," he said, rolling his eyes. "Yeah, I'm just about to turn 27-" Robert choked. "You okay?" she asked, concerned. "Yeah. Water went own the wrong way." He coughed once and took another sip of water. "You're 26?! I'll be 28 next May." "I figured. But since I have your attention," she told him. He paused, fork midway to his mouth, his eyes on her. "I wanted to thank you for what you did for me in high school. You were the only guy who was ever decent to me," she