A/N: Okay, I know that Memoriae was supposed to be updated, but I just couldn't help myself. Besides, this was a Soul-mate challenge. I could not resist. And anyways, I need to know what memories of Harry to show, it would be much appreciated if you could tell me. Harry James Potter was born July 31st, 1930, and as the nurse wrapped him in a soft blue blanket, she noticed something glittering on his ring finger. It was a silver ring, with green snakes decorating its sides. And on it was an engraved cursive T. The nurse rushed over to Lily and James Potter, exclaiming that Harry Potter's Soul Object had been discovered. Lily and James were overjoyed as they looked at the ring on their son's finger. Four years earlier, a young woman by the name of Merope Gaunt stumbled into Wool's orphanage, and gave birth to a boy named Tom Marvolo Riddle. And although no one ever saw it, he had a ring on his ring finger, made of gold, and glittering with rubies, with an engraved H on it. When Tom Riddle turned four, everyone had a Soul Object, and they made fun of Tom for 'not having one'. Four year-old Tom ran to his room in the orphanage, tears streaming down his face. He looked down at his ring and smiled, at least someone in this world knew about him. He looked out the window, the sweltering July heat drew beads of sweat from his forehead. Suddenly, his ring gave a hum, and glowed a bright gold, then stopped. Tom looked at the ring in wonder. Then he smiled, that must have meant something. He took his sleeve and covered his hand with it, and walked outside into the heat. When Harry turned four, he asked his mom why he had a ring on his hand, and innocently asked, "Am I mawwied like you mama?" "No, Harry, that ring on your finger is something we call, a … Soul Object, it gives you clues as to who your soul-mate will be. And when you meet each other, and love each other, the object wil fuse into one. Like… this" Lily pulled out a necklace, on it was a lily flower and a gold lion intertwined with each other, "You see, Harry, your father and I were soul-mates, and when we came to love each other, the necklace joined into one and became this." Harry's eyes grew wide, and he smiled and said, "It's reawwy pwetty mama. It fits you." Lily laughed and patted Harry on the head, "Thank you Harry, that is really appreciated." Tom stared out the window of his room. The snow was falling down heavily, Christmas had passed, and now it was his birthday. He really hated his birthday. It was just an excuse for the children to laugh and point at him more. And say their taunting and mean words. But Tom knew, Tom knew that he was different, that he was special. He was different from those pieces of dirt, and he would teach them a lesson. He trudged out of his room, and walked down to the dining hall. He sat in a dark corner of the room, eating the food that the matrons provided. A larger boy walked over to Tom, "Well, well, what do we have here. Poor Tom Riddle, no one will ever love him. He doesn't even have a Soul Object! No one even cares that it's your birthday! Oh, poor, poor Tom Riddle, no one to love him." Tom just stared back at David with emotionless and cold blue eyes. "Go away," he said in a soft voice. "Go away, and you'll do what?" David said, "You're just a worthless freak with nothing, not even someone that'll love you, and care about you." David pinned Tom up to the wall, "You hear me? You're nothing more than a freak!" David dropped Tom onto the floor, and walked away. Tom slowly got up, and sat down, resuming his eating. His eyes drilling holes into David's back. His eyes slowly bleeding into red. And in his head he thought 'Kill him, kill him, kill him…' Tom shook his head, and started eating again. He finished and left. The next day, David was found dead in his bed. According to the Medics, he died of asphyxiation. Tom just watched. A smile stretching on his face. He actually did it. He felt power running through his veins. Soon after, it didn't take a long time for the children to realize that it was Tom who killed David. And they started to ignore him. Harry's birthday was a quiet affair, his parents only invited those that they trusted, like Sirius, and Remus. But Harry was happy, he was turning seven! He had four more years until he could go to Hogwarts and finally learn really magic. Now, he just had a training wand, and he could perform basic charms and spells, but nothing too extravagant. "Hey Harry, watch this," Sirius shot a spell at James, which made his hair pink, and made his skin have purple dots." Harry just giggled, he wanted to be able to do that. "Padfoot!" James said, laughing. James took out his own wand and shot a spell at Sirius, which made his hair green and sliver. Harry laughed even more. Lily and Remus just shook their heads at the antics of the two men, "Seriously James," Lily said, "You're setting a bad example for Harry!" "Okay, okay, Lils, I'll stop," James said, still laughing. Tom sat in his room, he was eleven now, he watched the snow fall to the ground. He smiled, about two years ago, on Christmas, there was a new boy at the orphanage, his name was Michel. He thought that Tom would be easy to bully, so he started to make fun of him. That year, Tom got one gift, it was an old stuffed animal of a snake. Michel took the snake from Tom, laughing as he saw Tom's expression of anger, mistaking it for surprise. He took the snake, and threw it into the fire. Laughing as it burned into ashes. Tom's eyes started to bleed into red. All of the other children ran away, already knowing what would happen. 'Burn, burn, burn,' Tom thought, and with a cruel satisfaction, he watched as Michel was set into flames. He smiled as Michel screamed in pain of having his skin melted off. The matron rushed in, "What happened?!" "He was playing with the fire m'am, a-and, he c-caught o-on f-f-fire," Tom said, faking fear. "Shh… It's okay Tom, I just need to put the fire out and call an ambulance . He'll be okay," the matron answered, "Just go back to your room. Okay?" "O-okay.." Tom said, hiccuping. He took one last look at the half of Michel's body that was burned, and almost smiled. He ran back to his room. And laughed, it was chilling, and lost all innocence. That was two years ago, "Tom?" The matron said, "There's a man that wants to see you." A man walked in, he had auburn hair, and a beard. He was dressed in a purple suit, with an orange caravat. Tom wrinkled his nose at the sight of the garishly dressed man. "You must be Tom Riddle?" The man said, "My name is Proffesor Dumbledore, and I am from Hogwarts." "Hogwarts?" Tom said, "Is that some mental institution where they keep the mentally insane? Because I'm not insane! I'm just different!" "I'm not saying that you are insane Tom, I'm saying that you are special. You Tom, are special. Because you see, Hogwarts is a school not for the regular people, Hogwarts is for magical children. At Hogwarts, you can learn magic," Dumbledore said. "I knew it! I knew I was different from them. I always knew that I was special!" But then Tom's face morphed into one of suspicion, "Then prove it, prove that you magical!" "Alright then," Dumbledore took out his wand, and pointed it at Tom's Armoire, and set it on fire. "No!" Tom said, lunging for Dumbledore, Dumbledore cancelled the spell, and revealed that the Armoire was not at all burnt. "You see? I am a wizard, and so are you," Dumbledore said. Harry was really excited, he was turning eleven today! Today was the day he would be able to get his Hogwarts letter. He got out of bed at the crack of dawn and ran around to house. It was only until eight did Harry see an owl come and knock on the glass. James opened the window to let the owl in, the owl dropped a letter in Harry's empty plate. On it, addressed in green ink was Harry J. Potter. Harry opened the letter with trembling hands. He took out three thick sheets of paper. The first page said: Dear Mr. H Potter, You have been accepted into Hogwarts school of Witchcraft and Wizardry, you are to go to King's Cross Station, at platform 9¾, at promptly 11:00 A.M on September First. Included is your supply list for the year. Sincerely, Headmaster Dumbledore, who has too many titles. He flipped through the supply list, and proclaimed, "Let's go shopping today!" "Honey, please sit, and eat your breakfast, besides, Diagon Alley doesn't open until ten! You have plenty of time," Lily said, giving an exasperated smile at her son's excitement. Harry was practically vibrating with excitement, he had been waiting for this moment his entire life. He was going to Hogwarts! And maybe even find his soul-mate! He was just really excited. He had already packed his trunk, and was waiting for his parents to come downstairs. "Hurry up Mom! We're going to be late!" Harry said. Lily walked down the stairs slowly, "Harry. It's only 9:30, we are not going to be late." "But moooooommmm," Harry said, "I wanna get a good seat!" "Okay, okay. James, give him the floo powder," Lily said, smiling. Harry took the green powder and threw it into the fire, and said, "King's Cross Station, platform The fire turned lime green, and then Harry stepped into the fire and was whirled away into the flames. 9 ¾. Harry stumbled out of the fireplace and bumped into someone, "I'm really, really, sorr-" Harry looked up and saw a man. He had the most brilliant blue for eyes, his hair was slightly wavy and was a coffee brown. And his cheekbones, Harry thought, oh my god, his cheekbones. Harry flushed and mumbled a sorry, and hurried away. Tom was walking toward the floo network to greet Avery, the flames turned green and a person stumbled out. He was just about to greet him, but then saw that the boy was a lot smaller, and looked a lot different from Avery. The boy had black hair that fell down onto his back, his eyes were a startling green, like the Avarda Kedarva curse. His skin was like fallen snow, and Tom was at once taken by this beautiful angel. The boy mumbled something under his breath, and flushed a dark scarlet, then he ran away. Tom called after him saying, "What is your name? The boy turned around, and said, "Harry Potter," his voice was beautiful and melodic. He really truly was an angel. "Tom Riddle," Tom said, tipping his head in greeting, "I hope to see you again in Hogwarts." Harry just flushed, and nodded his head. Then the beautiful creature ran away. The floo turned green again, and this time it was Avery, "Avery," Tom said, sneering ever so slightly. "Tom," Avery said, smiling, trying to impress Tom. "Let's go, I met someone really interesting today…" Tom responded. They both walked onto the train, and into a compartment. Harry walked into an empty compartment, and let out a breath. His face was burning, Tom was really attractive. He also looked intelligent, and his magic. Oh god, his magic. His