Author's Announcement: Forgive me taking up your time, but I feel a few words of caution are needed before anyone starts reading this story. Lost is a companion piece to Counsel. It's not intended as a stand-alone, and I strongly advise readers who have not asked or who are not interested to please NOT read this novella. I will not respond to, nor will I publish any rude and/or derogatory comments questioning its publication on this site. So, for those, inclined to do so, please save yourselves the time and effort. I've done so because readers requested that I do and because I promised, at the time, that when it was complete I'd post it on FFn and leave it up long enough for interested persons to read. It is now finished, totals eleven chapters, which I'll make available as soon as I possibly can, depending my current workload. At this stage, I anticipate posting at least three chapters a week. To those who have purchased the published versions of Counsel and Justice, I once again say a heartfelt, 'Thank you'. I'm humbled and grateful, always, for your support. Should you prefer to read the published characters' version of LOST, it will be available to read on my website in the next day or two. Copyright: Twilight character names are the sole property of Stephanie Meyer. Original story, plot lines and characters belong to Write Sisters (Shenda Paul) and are subject to copyright laws. Chapter One "You're late! Where've you been?" Rose demands when I enter the kitchen where she and Mom are. "None of your business," I snap, grabbing the cookie jar. "No arguing," Mom warns and comes over to kiss my cheek. "Do you want milk?" Rose asks, already opening the refrigerator door. "Thanks," I smile at her unspoken apology. Shifting between affection and irritation has epitomized our relationship for nearly a decade now. Six at the time and two years younger than me when I came to live with the Cullens, Rose assumed the role one would expect from an older, not younger sister. From the start, she seemed, always to either be trying bully or mother me. She nags when she thinks I'm holding back, argues when she disagrees with me and comforts me when I'm upset; and I admit I'd been agitated a lot in those early years. Em says I was a moody bastard, that I still am, but withdrawing is my coping mechanism. It was how I dealt with my confusion and feelings of rejection in my last years with Elizabeth. It's what I still do when coming to grips with something that bothers me. I have no problems being sociable, but I'm not naturally gregarious, probably a symptom of spending so much of my early life only with Elizabeth and, later, when she changed, alone. Now, I prefer spending time with my family and close-knit group of friends. When I want to be alone, Mom and Dad will make sure I'm okay and only push if they think it's necessary, and my friends, even Liam, who can be a pain in the ass, will give me space when I demand it. Rose, however, does no such thing; she ignores whatever mood I'm in. She's like a damned steamroller, determined to flatten out what she used to call my 'grumpy bumps', which, now, she refers to as 'ridding me of my morose pig-headedness.' She's always done that, even as a little girl, and my response has always been either one of acceptance or expressed irritation, depending on her level of pushiness, my mood, or the circumstance. But no matter how annoying she can be or angry she makes me, my love for Rose is unquestionable. I think the same can be said of her feelings for me. Our affection had been almost instantaneous and, despite her hearing problems and my inability to sign, we managed to communicate. Somehow, Rose always seemed to know when I was unhappy. She'd sneak into my room at night, squeeze into the small space between my bed and the wall it was pushed up against, to hold my hand, silently letting me know I wasn't alone. I didn't realize the feeling of protectiveness was a two-way street until some months after I arrived when hanging out with Em in the playground, I heard spiteful laughter. I don't know what made me race over, but I did and found Rose surrounded by a group of kids. I didn't care that those little punks were younger than me or that two of them were girls; I shoved them aside roughly and put my arm around Rose's shoulder. She was flustered, angry, and on the verge of tears. At that stage, she hadn't yet learned to lip-read well; she could only pick up familiar words and had difficulty when people spoke too fast. Without them signing or speaking slowly, she had no idea what they were saying, and they were all yelling at once, confusing her even more. It hurt seeing her like that. I was so mad; I saw red when one of the boys called her a deaf freak. "Leave my sister alone!" I roared. "She doesn't have a brother," he said. "She has now; and if I catch you messing with her again—" I glared at them, including the girls, "I'll punch your lights out," I threatened. They must have seen how serious I was, and Em, by this time, had moved to stand on the other side of Rose. They left without another word. The Cullens had, we still have, a ritual where, at the dinner table, we take turns to share something about our day—good or bad. That night, I waited for Rose to tell what happened, but she didn't. Instead, I listened as Mom translated her signing for me. Rose told how her teacher had praised her drawing. When my turn came, I asked to learn sign language because, after walking Rose to her class, I realized I was as bad as those kids who hadn't learned to speak with her properly. When Mom told Rose, her face split into the widest grin I'd ever seen. Rose, already being proficient, insisted on joining me in ASL classes, and our bond only grew stronger after that. I was ecstatic, of course, when less than a year later, my adoption was finalized, and I officially became Edward Masen Cullen. But I can honestly say that my happiness that day did nothing to dim the sense of belonging I felt standing up for Rose in the playground—because that was when I'd felt part of the Cullen family. Almost two years ago now, Rose, who'd been adamant about not having a cochlear implant, changed her mind. Mom and Dad immediately arranged for her to see a specialist, and she underwent a myriad of tests before he pronounced her a viable candidate. Rose, in fact, our entire family were warned that it would not be an easy journey. The surgery was vital to her regaining adequate hearing, but it was only the first step, the specialist told us. It would take a lot of work, perseverance, and patience from Rose and our unwavering support for her to gain the maximum benefit from the implant. Surgery for pre-lingually deaf recipients is not always successful, and there are varying levels of success, he cautioned. "I want you all to be realistic, you especially, Rose," he stressed. He had, however, been optimistic about a good outcome. "Your parents did a good thing ensuring that you could read and sign from an early age. Because of that, you have excellent language comprehension," he told Rose. He was right, because, even at six, when I joined the family, her ability to read and understanding of the English language had been diagnosed as equal to other kids her age. Strong language skills, we learned at that meeting, are crucial to helping deaf people understand spoken language. It made sense to me then, and probably Rose too, why, despite her refusing an implant, our parents insisted she continue speech therapy, something she did for years, even after I joined the family. Mom and Dad had, it would seem, always held out hope that Rose would change her mind and did everything to ensure that, if she did, she'd have the best possible outcome. Rose underwent surgery six months later and had her cochlear implant activated about a month after that. Another nine months passed before the specialist announced that it had reached its peak performance. Nine months, during which my sister suffered discomfort in and above her right ear, the surgical area. She experienced dizziness, nausea, and disorientation. And who would ever have thought that one would have to learn to tolerate sound, but once the implant was activated, Rose had to before she could learn to decipher different sounds. For some reason, despite what we'd been told, I'd thought, well hoped, the surgery would restore Rose's hearing and ability to speak overnight, but it didn't. My admiration for her grew and knew no bounds as I watched her determinedly overcome each new obstacle, and those lessons that Mom and Dad insisted she take helped significantly, just as the specialist had predicted. Her hearing isn't perfect now; it never will be, but she can do things she couldn't before— things, most people view as insignificant or take for granted—like hearing the voices of the person or people they love, using a phone, listening to music, effectively communicate with strangers. She can do all of that now. Rose still lip-reads, though. I don't think she'll ever stop because it's something that's become natural to her, and, despite it no longer being necessary, she often still signs when speaking to Mom, Dad, or me. We reciprocate because for us, as a family, it's a special bond we share. Rose is fifteen now and, because of her unusual speech, a result of her hearing impairment, still attracts unwanted attention. And, of course, the external transmitter of her implant is noticeable, especially when her long hair moves and the shaved patch on her scalp or the earpiece shows. It irritates me when people stare. "What the fuck?" I want to demand when I see someone staring, but then those ignorant, dumb asses would notice of any person they view as different or handicapped. Rose, thankfully, doesn't appear fazed by the attention her device draws, which helps me, for the most part, to ignore it too. But my sister's also noticed for other reasons. She's beautiful and is, very obviously, growing up. In the last year, I've challenged both catty girls and hormonal boys who thought her fair game. I've even gotten physical with punks who tried to take their interest too far. Rose, no shrinking violet, is more than capable of standing up for herself, but I'd never let her do so on her own, certainly not if I can help it. I'll always be there for her, just as she has and continues to be for me. "What's for dinner, I'm hungry?" I ask, peering over Mom's shoulder. "You're always hungry, sweetheart. We're having pot roast, so stop filling up on cookies," Mom tells me. "I won't," I promise and, then, just as Rose moves to put the jar away, I snag another cookie. Mom shakes her head and smiles indulgently, and I wink at her as I leave the kitchen. I first met Esme Cullen when I was six years old. I'd been nervous when someone knocked on our door because I expected it to be one of Elizabeth's male visitors. Instead, when Elizabeth opened the door, I looked into the smiling face of a woman, who looked a lot like my mother—her auburn hair was lighter, and her eyes were golden brown not green, but they were bright like I remembered Elizabeth's being before she changed. There were so many obvious similarities between Elizabeth and Esme, things my