Just for fun. Freckles and Aches I run my fingers over my arms, against my chest and into my hair, breathing a sigh of relief. I blink, once, twice and then a third time, before finally focusing my eyes on the windscreen wipers that are furiously rocking back and forth against the windscreen. 'Well, shit,' I breathe as I reach to turn them off, 'fucking shit.' I had been distracted when I turned off the main road a while ago, moving through winding streets and continuously turning left for no reason. Jasper had called, his first 'check in' since I'd landed in Forks eight hours ago, and I'd known straight away it was going to be his last. We'd started off talking nonsense, stupid questions about my flight, my father and eventually the weather. It was around that time that I'd turned off route, trying to buy time before getting back to my father's house. He said that he felt that he was forcing our relationship, that he wasn't happy anymore- it had nothing to do with me, he'd stressed that part, he felt he didn't see himself being happy with anyone at the moment. I knew that was a lie, Jasper could easily see himself happy with that tiny girl that had volunteered as a nude model for one of his art units. The one my roommate had seen him with more than once, who was plastered through two of his folios and was named as 'A' in his contacts. Our relationship had peaked way too early. I'd been a nervous wreck after moving to New York and he was the first nice person that I had met. All our relationship 'firsts' were over in a week and within a month we were official. It was easy, we had a lot in common, we were fun, and at the time we needed each other. We both knew when it stopped working, but Jasper was falling behind on classes, my Grandmother was unwell, there was always a holiday and eventually finals and suddenly I was boarding a flight back to Forks. Jasper had ended the conversation as I'd exited a round-about, I wished him well and he promised we'd meet before the start of the semester- something that I knew would never happen. I'd pulled back onto the main road, hanging up my cell phone as I did and tossing it onto the seat beside me. I'd just been re-entering Forks when an a familiar song started playing on the radio and I'd squealed, taking my eyes off of the road in search of my phone, hoping to use my Spotify app to find the artist. 'Shit!' I'd closed my eyes, furiously pushing on the brake as I did. The roads were wet causing the tyres of the car to skid slightly and I'd opened my eyes to quickly pull the steering wheel to the left, narrowly missing whatever animal had chosen to dart across the road. I'd cringed as the car slipped through the gravel, finally coming to a stop beside the woods. 'Fucking shit.' I pull my hood over my hair, turning the hazard lights on before jumping out of the car. It's drizzling and cold enough that I can see my breathe, I frown as I look around, jumping slightly to keep warm. 'Hello, little dude? Animal type thing?' It was silly, calling out to some unknown animal, but it was only polite considering I'd almost killed it minutes ago. A truck passes by, its headlights shining light onto the previously dark road and I see that whatever animal I'd almost hit is no longer present. My boots crunch as I step through the gravel, calling out once more before turning to jog back to the car. I open up the door, lifting my foot to the step to jump in. 'Hey.' My foot slips from the step as I scream, the action causing me to fall backwards onto the hard ground. The hood from my parka slips off of my head and, in an effort to keep myself hidden, I cover my face with my hands. 'Jee-zuus.' I swear, no longer from fear but from embarrassment and gentle laughter sounds from above me. I laugh slightly too, pushing my hair from my face before making a move to stand up. 'Here.' The voice still holds laughter and I blindly hold my arm up in response. His hand wraps around my wrist, easily pulling me to my feet and bringing my body flush against his. Vibrant green eyes search my face, hesitating on my lips before finally meeting my eyes. His tongue darts out to lick his bottom lip before a smile forms on his face. 'Hey Bella.' I smile right back, shaking my head slightly before taking a step backwards. He releases my arm as I do, watching as I begin to brush the dirt from my clothes. 'I'm surprised you remember who I am Cullen.' I pull my parka from my shoulders and aggressively shake the material between us, trying to rid it of the leaves that have gripped to it. I raise an eyebrow as he pushes his hands into his jean pockets, finally shrugging his shoulders in response to my comment. 'Okay,' I sigh, 'well cool… Nice seeing you and all, but I better bounce.' The rain had come to a complete stop but the air was cold as fuck so I wasn't really interested in having a high school reunion, even if Edward Cullen is a total, total , babe. Edward didn't feel the need to respond verbally, instead he kicked at one of the back tyres of the car. I frown and walk towards him, kicking the tyre myself, guessing that it was probably flat, although I couldn't see a difference myself. 'You got a spare?' 'Um,' I look around, 'maybe, I don't really know,' I shrug, suddenly feeling like a complete loser. 'Honestly, it's my dad's 'friend who just happens to be a girl's' car, I don't know what the deal is.' Edward turns and walks to the back of the car, opening the boot in search of a tyre. He finds it easily and I sigh in relief as he drags it out. His jumper slides up slightly in the process and I bite my lip as his lower back becomes exposed. He catches my eye and, obviously realising what I'd been doing, smirks. I'm too lazy to pretend to be embarrassed, so I merely laugh. 'Is this going to take long?' I ask as he crouches beside the tyre. 'Why? Are you meeting Emmett?' 'Who?' He doesn't respond and I don't push, because I know exactly who Emmett is, and I know that in high school he and Edward didn't get along. I also know that it hadn't been a serious problem, at least not until Emmett had asked me to prom and, after being promised free pizza and tequila, I'd agreed. I got absolutely wasted that night and ended up puking on my shoes and in my hair behind the school gym while Emmett made out with some blonde exchange student under the bleachers. He went out of his way to avoid me after that, hiding behind his books, pretending he'd left his things in his last class, and suddenly realising last minute that he was walking in the wrong direction- that one was always my favourite. I'd decided to go to biology early the day he approached me. I was alone, my head buried in the textbook as I tried to memorise the notes. He'd slipped in and, with a burning red jaw and fresh blood on the collar of his shirt, choked out an apology- something along the lines of; 'I'm sorry and shit.' Edward was suspended that day- for initiating a fight on school property. 'How can I help?' I crouch down beside him, holding onto his arm to keep balance. He stands and I frown, looking up at him from my crouched position. He reaches into his back pocket and pulls out a zip lock bag, tossing it at me. 'Roll that shit.' I swing the plastic in front of my face, admiring the green pieces as they dance around the bag. This I could help with. I stand and open the back door tossing the bag onto the seat before climbing into the front to mess around with my ipod. I plug it in and hit shuffle, not even caring about what music comes through the speakers. I set up camp in the back seat, my body curling around itself with my feet resting against the step of the car. I shake the bag a couple of times before opening it, shivering slightly as the smell attacks my senses. 'So, how you been?' I internally roll my eyes at my stupid question, I really am the worst with small talk, but this situation was already awkward enough so I wasn't about to sit in silence with the dude. 'Fine.' Oh-kay. 'You working?' 'Yep.' 'Are you still living with your parents?' There's a pause here and my eyes slip to his just as he says that he's not living in Forks anymore. His eyes never leave mine so I know he sees the surprise I have at his response. 'Seriously?' He looks away and shrugs, mumbling something about housesitting, and I suddenly feel like shit for ever thinking that he'd be stuck in this town forever. That had been the reason of course, not that Edward Cullen was trouble, not that he smoked and had awful grades, but that he could easily turn into a reason for me to stay in this loser town. 'That's so great, congratulations,' my voice is shaky and again I feel like shit, like I'm implying it's some life achievement to move away from home. I curl deeper into myself, throwing all my concentration into rolling the joint, lucky for me it fits smoothly and I run to tongue over the paper to seal it. Edward huffs and moves to stand in front of me, I hold the joint out to him proudly and he grabs it from my hand, pocketing it, before pulling me to my feet. He holds me tight but his eyes are on his other hand which has started pushing my parka down my left shoulder. I don't struggle- I already know what he's searching for. He breathes a sigh of relief as my oversized t-shirt falls from my shoulder, exposing my collar bone and the series of three beauty marks that run across the bone. His thumb reaches out to caress the skin and I hum at the contact. His eyes flash to mine, burning, and I feel as my heart rate increases. 'Edward.' He traces his favourite pattern once more before his fingers slowly creep up my neck, stoping to circle around it, his thumb pressing slightly into the centre. I hold my breath, suddenly so nervous, knowing that if I let it go he'll know how much I want him. His eyes darken and his jaw clenches and my body shivers in response. I know he's close to kissing me and I lick my lips in anticipation. Edward groans quietly and pulls me forward gently, moulding my body against his. My hands grip to his jumper in response and I tilt my face up, kissing the stubble that runs against the side of his chin. His other hand moves to tangle itself in my hair, cradling the back of my head, and he presses his forehead against mine, slowly we exhale together. I budge first, because his touch is turning me the fuck on and I want him all over me. I crash my mouth against his, biting pulling and moaning and Edward responds by pushing my body against the back of the car, grunting as he moves my leg to rub himself against me. My hands tangle into his hair