Author's Note : I do not own Harry Potter. That all goes to J.K Rowling. Although if there is anything you don't recognize from the books, movies, or real life, it's probably mine. "We're Not Ready For This" Justine Gale stared at the warm body next to her. His ginger hair fell in front of his face, blocking her view. She looked around the room and noticed that none of his dorm mates returned that night. 'You sly little fox, you knew last night was going to happen.' Justine wondered just how long he had planned last night. Shifting out of the bed, she grabbed her knickers and threw one of his white button up shirts on. With all of her movement, Bill Weasley woke up and immediately stared at the beautiful woman in front of him. Her long brown hair flowed across her shoulders and down her back. Reaching just above her bum. He continued her gaze farther down her legs. She had the most smoothest and longest legs he's ever had the pleasure of touching. "Well good morning." Justine grabbed a pair of socks and began to put them on. "Good morning to you as well." Bill stretched and pushed the covers off his body and stood up. Justine's body went rigid at the sight of him. Last night, she knew what was pressing up against her, but actually seeing it was a different story. Bill caught her gaze and quickly grabbed his briefs and put them on. "Sorry about that." "No, it's not a problem. I mean, it was all there last night." Justine stared at the floor as Bill continued to get dressed. After he put a pair of pajama pants and a t-shirt on, he walked over to where Justine sat on his chest at the foot of his bed. He kneeled by her and grabbed her chin, making her look at him. "About last night…" "Don't worry about it. I wanted it just as much as you did." Justine held his gaze. His light green eyes peered deep into her sky blue ones. "Really Bill, it's fine", she smiled warmly at him. Bill kissed her lightly on her lips and held her face. She placed on hand around his neck and pulled him in closer, deepening the kiss. "That's how last night started." Bill said with a laugh. "No, last night started with you throwing me on top of your bed." Justine kissed the tip of nose. "I love you Justine Clarissa Gale." Bill looked at her quizzically. It was the first time that either of them uttered the "L" word. Both agreeing not to mention it, until they were both ready for that kind of commitment. "I love you William Arthur Weasley." It had been two months since Valentines Day. Since the night that Justin and Bill had made love in his dorm room. Many had wondered where she had wandered off to that might, but all had the same idea. Her best friend Angelica Thomas wanted all the juicy details, which Justine gladly gave. She wanted to shout with all her might those following weeks that she was in love with Bill Weasley. Everyone noticed that her and Bill had become close than they had ever been. Since that night, they made love on a regular basis, whenever and wherever they could. Once they were almost caught by Professor McGonagall during their free period. It was closing in on their graduation. Only two more months until June and they were finally adults. They had finished all their exams and were simply waiting for the school year to come to an end. Many 7th years were stressing on their future jobs and careers out in the real world. Justine was one of them. She had no idea what to do. She was average in most of her subjects. Potions was her highest score and she was mediocre at best, according to Professor Snape. With the stress of reality, Justine noticed that she started becoming ill. She was constantly throwing up, she couldn't keep anything down and to top it all of, she was having trouble sleeping. Bill suggested she go see Madam Pomfrey for a check up. Justine insisted it was just her nerves acting up. Around May, Justine noticed that she was having violent mood swings and she hadn't had her period in a while. Scared out of her wits, she rushed to see Madam Pomfrey. "Miss Gale, what can I do for you?" Thankfully there was not another soul inside the Hospital Wing. "May I speak to you in private Madam Promfrey?" Looking at the young girl, Pomfrey lead her into her office. "Now, what can I do for you Miss Gale?" Justine picked at her fingernails, not daring to look up at the woman before her. "Miss Gale?" "I need a pregnancy potion!" Madam Pomfrey stared the frantic girl that sat in the chair. "Miss Gale, this is serious a serious matter. Are you sure?" Justine just nodded. "Alright then. Unfortunately, I am not able to administer such a potion without the Headmaster here." Justine groaned and threw her head into her hands and start to cry. Pomfrey darted to the girls' side. "It's okay dear; It's going to be alright." "No it's not! What do I do if I am pregnant? What am I supposed to tell him? 'Sorry honey, you can't go to Egypt, I'm pregnant!' I can't do that to him. Not to mention that my parents are going to kill me! This wasn't supposed to happen." It took an hour to calm Justine down before Madam Pomfrey called the Headmaster into the Hospital Wing. Within the next half hour Professor Dumbledore entered the wing with a most serious look on his face that Justine was unfamiliar with. "Miss Gale." It was a silent cold acknowledgment. Justine understood, as far as she was concerned she was the first student to ever get pregnant while he was Headmaster. That says a lot about your ability to head a school full of raging hormonal teenagers. "Now, Miss Gale when you need to do it swallow this potion after about three minutes the effects will start working. I will then run a diagnostic test and we will be able to see the results." Madam Pomfrey handed Justine a murky yellow looking potion that smelled foul. Pinching her nose, she threw the drink back. It didn't do much to rid the taste. Pomfrey gave her a glass of water to wash down the taste. Now all that was left to was to wait and see. Justine walked into the Gryffindor common room numb. What was she going to do? Her parents would kill her before she even got a chance to tell Bill. 'Oh God Bill, what is this gonna to do us', and there he was, sitting with his younger brother Charlie talking about a letter their mum had sent them. "Justine! Guess what, mum invited you to stay for the summer. Isn't that great?" Bill came up, kissed her and hugged her tightly. "Oh Bill." Justine's face fell and tears started to form in her eyes. "Justine? What's the matter?" 'I can't tell him. Make something up Justine, and quick!' "Oh Bill, didn't I tell you daddy is taking me and mummy to America this summer." "No, you hadn't mentioned it." Bill looked sad. "Maybe I can convince them to let me stay?" 'Not likely.' "Yeah, that'll be excellent, I'm gonna go owl mother and tell her." Bill dashed off to his room to send the reply. Justine walked up to her dorm and began to write her own letter to her parents. How was she supposed to tell her parents that she was pregnant? That she threw her life down the drain. 'I'm not ready for a kid. Bill isn't either, we're just kids ourselves." Burning the letter she started, Justine made a vow that she wasn't going to tell Bill about the baby and would tell her parents the minute she got home. Collapsing on her bed, Justine placed a hand on her stomach. Terrified to know that there was a being growing inside of her. A piece of her, a piece of Bill. Slowly, images of what life would be like if she told Bill about the baby. Sadly, the images she was looking into were not pretty. It showed how her and Bill would pull apart, how she would hate him, and in the long run hate her child. She tried to think of the positive things. Like, her and Bill living together, raising their baby. What gender would it be? Would it be a girl, or would it be a boy like most of the Weasley's are? Would they have red hair like their father or brown like their mother? Would they excel in Potions or Charms? Would they love Quidditch or hate it like their mother did? The more and more Justine thought about this child and their possible attributes and qualities the more she became depressed and withdrawn. Pulling her duvet over her head, she tried to block out reality and pretend that she was back in his arm that night. How he whispered sweet nothings into her ear, how his face was nuzzled against her neck and he moved inside her. Back to the night when everything was perfect. Gathering her things from the overhead rack, Justine and Bill headed for Kings Cross to meet their parents. Rupert and Frances Gale were formidable looking people. Well Rupert Gale was. His stone cold face made his blue eyes even colder than they already were. His blonde hair pulled back into a small pony tail. He stood at 6'5 with a posture that could make a stone statue bend. Frances Gale was a more petite woman. Her curly brown hair made her ivory skin shine bright. Her blue eyes were a deeper blue than Justine's' own. She gave off a sense of homeliness but underneath was the fierceness of a lioness. Justine knew how her parents would react once they heard of her impending childbirth. She stared at them, squeezing Bill's hand tightly. With as much courage as she could muster she walked over to her parents with Bill in tow. "Hello mummy, daddy." Justine gave each parent a hug and a kiss on the cheek. Rupert never took his eyes off Bill. "Hello Mr. and Mrs. Gale. It's a pleasure to see you again" Bill shook Rupert's hand and gave Frances a light kiss on the knuckles. "Hello Mr. Weasley, I hope you enjoyed your last year?" "Oh, yes ma'am. It was even better spending it with Justine." "Distracting her from her studies no doubt." "Now now Rupert be nice. Oh look dear, there's your mother and father. Molly, Arthur such a pleasure." Frances greeted both eldest Weasley's with a hug. Rupert and Arthur shook hand and Rupert gave Molly a quick peck on the cheek. "Frances, Rupert it's good to see you. Oh, and Justine dear, you look positively gorgeous. You've got a glow about you." Mrs. Weasley kissed Justine on her cheek and gave her a big hug. "Hello dear." Mr. Weasley gave her a small squeeze on her shoulder. Justine gave him a warm smile. "Hello Mr. and Mrs. Weasley. Where are the rest of the children? I hope you didn't leave Percy in charge, you know the twins never listen." "Oh no, Aunt Muriel is with them at the moment." Molly chuckled. Both Charlie and Bill looked at each other and shivered. "Aunt Muriel is a right sight to see giving orders." "Yes, my aunt is quite the army general. Well, boys we must be off. Rupert, Frances wonderful to see you again." "Yes, send my best to your sister Frances, yours as well Rupert." Molly lugged Charlie off, following Arthur. "Goodbye Mr. and Mrs. Gale. It really was nice to see you again." Give one last handshake