A/N: I've been working on this for maybe a week now. It began with a headcanon of Nico standing behind the counter of a pub, cleaning glasses, and Percy leaning against the counter, trying to engage Nico in conversation. Later, while I was writing this, I could so picture Poseidon, in his shorts and Hawai shirt, selling fishing accessories, so I included this in the story. You don't have to think of a particular age for them, but I made me some notes to keep track of the timeline, and at the beginning of the story, Percy would be twenty-one and Nico nineteen – eighteen when he started to work. For your information: The movie they are talking about at the end – or at least, the movie I thought of while writing this particular scene – is Star Wars: Episode VII – The Force Awakens . Enough of this claptrap – here comes the story! I hope you enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing this! Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and the Olympians and Heroes of Olympus are the intellectual property of Rick Riordan. Star Wars – even though only implied and never mentioned outside the author's note – belongs to Disney. The Ghost King from the River Styx A tale of losers and barkeepers HashtagMC Percy Jackson had been a customer of the pub 'River Styx' for two years now. One of his friends – he didn't even know who it had been – had taken him with him years ago, and he had stayed. The interior was comfy, the staff was nice, and it wasn't too far from his humble apartment. Plenty of sensible reasons to come here. One not-so-sensible reason was currently cleaning glasses behind the counter. The barkeeper had began to work here maybe a year after Percy had come here first, and he had caught Percy's interest immediately. At the time, he had broken up with his girlfriend, after he'd realized that he had never wanted to be with her, and just maintained their relationship because everybody had expected him to do so; expected them to be the perfect couple. He had, shortly thereafter, realised that he wasn't really into girls, and it had been quite a shock for him. He had, with the help of his best friend Jason – the guy could work as a counsellor any time – accepted his sexuality as a part of him, though. Anyway, a few months after his coming-out to his friends and family, he had seen the black-haired young man behind the counter of the River Styx , and thought something along the lines of: This guy has a really cute face. The young man had long, black, unruly hair, brown eyes, and really pale skin. He was scrawny, maybe six inches smaller than Percy, and his appearance totally suited the name of the place. If this was the River Styx, then the guy was truly from the underworld. Percy had never seen him wear anything but black – unless one counted the brown aviator jacket that hung next to him – and the skull ring on his finger perfected the Punk look. Or maybe it was Goth? Percy wasn't really an expert in fashion. Long story short, the guy looked a) scary, and b) totally awesome. The guy's name badge read Nico , and that was – besides the obvious fact that he was working in this pub – all that Percy knew about him. Nico was always polite, but he didn't talk much. Percy doubted he had ever heard more words than the usual 'what can I bring you, sir?' leaving Nico's lips during the past year. He merely cleaned glasses and served drinks until his shift was over, looking definitely bored. Maybe it was Percy's imagination, but to him, it seemed as if Nico only lived up when Percy ordered his beer. 'What can I bring you, sir?' Maybe Percy had had one drink too much, or he was especially courageous today. 'Know what? Cut the "sir"-crap. Your name is written on your name tag, so it's only fair if I tell you mine. The name's Percy. Or Mr. Jackson, if the first name is too intimate.' Yeah, definitely too much beer. That sounded like the most plain pick-up line Percy had ever heard. 'Well… what can I bring you, Mr. Jackson?' Percy was sure his face was glowing while he absent-mindedly ordered his last beer. Nico had called him by his name – even though it was his last name – and that was way better than the usual 'sir'. He wasn't an anonymous customer amongst many anymore, to Nico, he was 'Mr. Jackson'. He liked the sound of that. Cut 'The same drink as the last time, Mr. Jackson?' When Percy visited the River Styx the next time, he was greeted by Nico's voice. And Percy was almost disgusted by his own cheesiness when he thought to himself that this voice was music in his ears. Almost. After he'd nodded and took a seat at the bar, he looked up as Nico set down the glass in front of him. 'Thanks. Uh… I guess this sounds weird, but if you say "Mr. Jackson", I feel uncomfortable saying "Nico". I totally don't mean this to sound like a pick-up line, but maybe I could call you by your last name?' He hoped Nico wouldn't react strangely or something, but this really bothered him. But to his relief, Nico smiled and actually set down the glass he was cleaning and reached out. 'The name's Nico di Angelo. Or Mr. di Angelo, if the first name is too intimate.' Percy shook the hand and grinned as he heard Nico using his own words against him. 'How come you're here this early? Usually, you don't appear before at least nine a.m. Took a day off at work?' Now Percy felt really flattered. Maybe Nico just was observant, but if he knew what time Percy usually came to visit the pub, he had apparently paid attention to Percy, in spite of his usual, bored expression. That thought sounded promising. 'Nah, no work today. Dad is visiting his brother, so he closed his shop.' He snorted. 'I really don't get why he insists on visiting his family. They can't stand each other. They constantly keep bickering.' He took a sip of his beer. 'But "family" is not dad's strong suit anyway, I'm proof of that. His dirty, little mistake . His wife never fails to point this out.' Another sip. 'You know what? Working at your dad's shop because you won't find another job really sucks.' It suddenly occurred to Percy that Nico might not have wanted to hear any of this. 'Uh, sorry. Didn't mean to bother you with all this.' But Nico chuckled. 'Believe me, I get it. Same here. Though I haven't heard my stepmother call me mistake once, she's actually quite nice. But I agree – working at dad's place sucks.' Percy frowned confused. 'This is your dad's place?' Nico nodded. 'Yup. My grandfather was quite obsessed with the Ancient Greeks, which resulted in my father being named Hades. Believe me, you don't want to be named after the god of the dead. Anyway, he thought since it's his name, he might as well put it to good use, that's why he bought this pub and gave it the name it bears today.' 'You totally practised this speech' Percy deadpanned. 'From your marketing brochure?' Nico laughed, making Percy's heart flutter. He had never heard Nico laugh before. Now that he thought about it, he had never seen him smile before. 'Nah, I just have a very good memory. Anyway, so the reason I'm working here is to fund my studies.' 'You're going to college?' Percy felt the blood rush to his cheeks. Not for the first time in his life, he felt like a complete loser. Truth was: He hadn't even completed high school. 'What's wrong?' Nico asked. Percy swallowed hard. 'It's, er…' He sighed. 'You're talking to the biggest loser in New York City. I—I got kicked out of every school I've attended so far, and… the hell with it, I haven't made it past ninth grade, okay?' He did his best to look anywhere but into Nico's face. He might as well stand behind the counter and sell beer. He was no use for anything else. 'Why?' 'Huh?' 'Why did you get kicked out of so many schools?' No trace of mock in Nico's voice, just sincere curiosity. Which was a first. Besides his friends – most of them had had similar problems – nobody had not made fun of Percy once they'd learned what a loser he was. 'I… might have been a troublemaker? Hyperactive, ADHD, dyslexia – I got the whole packet of problems. Always was a loner. No friends, couldn't focus during lessons… as I said, I'm a loser.' He was surprised to feel Nico's hand on his, and as he looked up, he was met with the wonderful eyes of the barkeeper. 'Don't say this' Nico quietly said. 'It's not your fault.' He gave Percy's hand a gentle squeeze before returning his hands to the glass (Percy was quite sure he was cleaning the same glass for, like, twenty minutes now). 'So you live with your family in the flats above the pub?' Percy asked in an attempt to change the subject. Nico shook his head. 'Nope. Moved out as soon as I turned eighteen. I couldn't stand the close proximity any longer.' Percy frowned. 'So you live with your girlfriend, or in the college dorms?' He was pretty sure that a part-time job at a pub was not paid well enough to afford a flat, unless it was paid by two people. 'Ain't got no boyfriend' Nico answered, and something inside Percy purred at the word boyfriend . 'My mother has saved money for my and my sister's education all her life,' Nico explained. 'It's not much, but combined with this job, it's enough to keep me from starving.' He – finally – put the glass down and picked up another one. 'What about you?' Percy sighed. So much for changing the subject. 'As I said, I work at dad's shop. Believe me, I hate this job. He sells accessories for fishing , and he's actually proud of it. I would quit rather sooner than later.' He shrugged. 'But nobody's got a job for the untaught idiot.' He realized that his glass was empty, and gestured towards it. Nico understood and filled the glass again. Percy took a sip of his beer and laughed a dry laugh. 'I can so picture myself in twenty years. The best I can hope for is to work for dad's successor. Though that's highly unlikely. Triton hates me, and he always points out that he is the legitimate heir to dad's company . So, as soon as dad retires, I can go and live on the streets. Will make a fine beggar.' He didn't hear the 'I won't let this happen' Nico mumbled under his breath. After he had finished his second beer as well – they had kept talking about trivialities – Percy got up and reached for his wallet, but Nico beat him to it. 'My treat.' Percy frowned. 'Just because I'm a loser, that doesn't mean you have to pity me. I am totally able to pay for my own drinks.' Nico smirked. 'And I am totally able to invite a handsome stranger to a beer.' He gently forced Percy's hand with the wallet out of the way. 'Goodbye, bello .' Cut 'The usual beer, Percy?' Percy froze in his tracks for a second before a wide grin spread across his face. 'The usual beer, Nico.' He received his glass from Nico. 'So we're on first-name-terms now?' They had been talking – and flirting – over the past months, but only that. None of them