A/N: I'm not really satisfied with the title, but was the best I could come up with. The actual author's note is at the bottom of the story. Read and review, please! Main Pairing: Percy/Jason Side Pairing: Annabeth/Piper Warnings: Bullying Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and the Olympians and Heroes of Olympus are the intellectual property of Rick Riordan. I own nothing but the plot. Ugh. Jason should have really not let Percy challenge him to run lapses around the field of Mars. Jupiter knows where Percy's stamina stemmed from. This was, like, the twentieth round they ran around the – really big – field, and Percy wasn't even as much as panting, while Jason felt every single muscle in his body ache and scream in protest. Finally, he stopped, panting hard as he waited for his breath to slow down. 'Already tired, Grace? Wouldn't have thought our Golden Boy would go down so soon!' Even his voice doesn't sound the slightest bit exhausted , thought Jason. Perseus 'goddamn perfect' Jackson. It was really annoying. 'We should have bet about this, Grace. I would be a rich man!' Jason managed to choke out a, 'dream on, Jackson' before his knees buckled and he feel down on all fours. Groaning, he forced his aching body to get up again and keep running. He would not. Let. Jackson. Exceed him. Never. Fifteen minutes later, Jason had to admit: He had let Percy exceed him. When Percy had passed him from behind, having one whole round advantage, he had given up and watched Percy finishing his thirty rounds. Now Percy 'Tired already?' Percy taunted. 'Come on, I'll carry you to the city.' And to Jason's endless embarrassment, he picked Jason up and carried him to New Rome bridal-style. Jason fought back, and squirmed, but somewhere halfway to the city, he gave up and prepared himself for the laughter that would inevitably follow once Percy set foot into the city with Jason in his arms. But the laughter didn't come, because Percy had the consideration to let Jason out of his arms before they reached the gates of New Rome. Jason was so surprised, gaping at Percy, that he would prefer to die from embarrassment right now. 'Dude, I know I'm amazing, but I think your staring is making me a bit uncomfortable.' Jason forced a snort. 'Amazing? Have you recently looked into the mirror?' But the retort was only half-heartedly. 'Come on now, we don't want to miss the wonderful sight of our respective ex sucking faces with each other, right?' Percy made a fake-gagging noise. 'If that's what Annabeth and I have been looking all the time… ugh.' Jason nodded. 'That's exactly what you and Annabeth were like. Though I doubt me and Piper were any better.' Everybody had been pretty shocked when the two dream-team couples had simultaneously broken up. And Jason couldn't deny that he felt a bit left out among all his friends now, he and Percy being the only singles. That had to be how Leo had felt all the time between Piper and him. He had mentioned that the other day, but the Latino had brushed it off, jokingly pointing out that he was catching up on the whole couple thing with Calypso. Cut 'Jason, you're with us?' Piper's voice jolted the son of Jupiter out of his thoughts. 'Uh, what?' He hadn't really paid attention to his friends' conversation. 'We – as in, Annabeth, Piper and me – are going to the beach for a swim, and Piper just asked if you wanted to join us! But I'm totally fine with it if you're busy staring at your plate with dreamy eyes. Shall we call a priest, so you can marry this gorgeous piece of toast?' Percy's taunting hurt Jason. It hurt more than physical injuries. Why did the son of Poseidon have to be so mean? 'I'll come with you' Jason decided, and he was pleased to see a surprised look in Percy's eyes. 'But don't expect me to join you in diving each other underwater.' 'Aw, is Sparky scared of water?' Percy cooed. 'Don't be scared, Sparky-Spark. Percy can protect you from bad-bad water.' He burst into laughter. Jason felt like crying right now. 'Go – go ahead' he croaked. 'I'll catch up with you.' As soon as his friends were out of sight, he bolted from the Dining Pavilion, not stopping until he was inside Cabin One. He hated Percy Jackson. He hated him for taunting him like that. He had never done anything to offend the boy, yet he kept laughing at Jason and making fun of him. People had described Perseus Jackson as a born leader to him, a guy who was easy to get along with. Apparently, this did not apply for sons of Jupiter. During the whole let's-save-the-world-quest, Percy had been nothing but competitive, and Jason had played along, hoping Percy would grow tired of it. Nope. He just kept teasing Jason, showing the younger teenager that he was better in so many ways. Jason would have admitted that Percy Jackson was better than him anyway, without the bullying. He could control water in an amazing way and was so much more powerful than Jason. He was the best swordsman Jason had ever fought, and the fact that they had fought just showed how easy it was to set them against each other. It had taken nothing more than two evil spirits to have the rivalry between them live up and have them at each other's throat. Jason wished nothing more but for this rivalry to end. He would be happy to step back and let Percy take his place at the top. He didn't mind. But Percy seemed to be zeroed in on proving himself and humiliating Jason. It made Jason cry. Because, besides the whole bullying, he admired Percy Jackson. Not only he was more a hero than Jason would ever be, and – during the two wars, at least – the most selfless person Jason had ever had the pleasure of meeting, but he was also drop-dead gorgeous. He was tall, his eyes had a unique shade of sea-green, he was muscular, and just handsome in general. Worst of all: Despite the fact that Percy was humiliating him every day, Jason felt drawn towards the black-haired teenager. He was, to sum it up, crushing on someone who had nothing better to do but to destroy his self-esteem every day. Cut 'We're going for a ride with the Pegasi, Jason. Are you coming with us?' It was nice that Annabeth asked, but Jason wished nothing more than to stay away from Percy. He wouldn't survive another day in the presence of this selfish asshole who had stolen his heart. But while he was still trying to come up with a believable excuse, Percy's voice interrupted his thoughts. 'Don't tell me you're scared of heights, Jason. What is it with the children of Zeus being afraid of heights? Don't think I can catch you if you fall down?' That settled the matter; Jason was so not going to ignore this challenge. 'In your dreams, kelp-head' he grunted, calling for his ventus friend, Tempest . Every now in a while, he would ask the spirit to carry him, and on good days, the ventus would appear. As usual, it took him some time to answer. 'Aw, is your cloud pony not coming? Should I give you a ride on Blackjack, Sparks?' Just then, Tempest appeared, effectively shutting Percy up. Satisfied a bit, Jason glared at Percy. The ride with the Pegasi was actually a lot of fun, and usually, Jason would have enjoyed this. But now he was busy glaring daggers at the back of Percy's head, tempted to toss the asshole off his flying horse and let Percy be the one who needed help for a change. The image of him having to catch Percy was really nice. Maybe it would help keep Percy's mouth shut. On the other hand, he certainly didn't want to get skinned alive for almost killing the Hero of Olympus. Annabeth had picked some spot on Long Island for a picnic, and Jason used the time to separate himself from the group. He certainly didn't need more time in the presence of Percy 'I like bullying' Jackson . However, he didn't notice that Piper followed him as he strolled through the forest, careful not to loose sight of the group. 'It's really getting to you, isn't it? Percy's bragging.' Jason spun around at the sound of Piper's voice. After he'd recovered from the shock, his rage took over. 'Bragging? You call this – this asshole 's behaviour bragging ? That's fucking bullying ! He's humiliating me whenever and wherever he can! He is constantly making fun of me! He laughs at me whenever I do something embarrassing or stupid, and not the funny kind of laughing. He finds my suffering amusing! He is abusing me as a target for his insults and bad jokes! He uses every opportunity to raise himself above me and prove how oh-so-wonderful he is! I've been crying myself to sleep on days when he was especially bad! And if he'd know, he'd only make even more fun of me! I fucking hate him!' His voice cracked at the end of his monologue, and he broke down, sobs shaking his now lean chest. He had lost weight over the past months, because he had barely shown up during meals anymore, trying to avoid the son of the sea god. Piper knelt down next to him, wiping his tears away with a tissue. 'You should talk this out' she said sympathetically. 'It can only help,' she raised her hand to prevent him from interrupting her, 'because, as I understand it, it can't really be any worse. Right?' Jason nodded, tears forcing their way into his eyes again. 'Promise me you'll talk to him' Piper demanded. 'I – I promise. Today.' Cut – Later that day 'See? I can balance two s'mores on my nose! You owe me ten bucks!' Percy's laughter sounded through the amphitheatre as he collected the money from his friends. 'I bet two bucks Blondie over there can't do this!' Jason did his best to ignore the laughter that was sent his way and to hold back the tears. Not now , he told himself. He could cry when he was back in his cabin, as he did almost every night. Impatiently, he waited until all campers were gone, the only ones still there being Annabeth, Piper, and, of course, Percy. Jason watched them from his seat at the last row of the amphitheatre – he was pretty sure no one besides Piper had seen that he was still there. Eventually, Percy stood up, announcing loudly that he would call it a night and go to bed. Quietly, Jason stood up and followed Percy towards the cabins. 'Why do you keep doing this to me?' At least, Jason had managed to surprise Percy. Or rather, scare. 'Jeez, Grace, you almost gave me heart attack!' Percy exclaimed. 'And what do you mean with "doing that"?' Now Jason was unable to hold the tears back any longer. 'Bully me! Humiliate me every single day I have to spend on this goddamn planet! Laughing at me! Making fun of me! Enjoying to embarrass me! Over the past months, you have done nothing but insulting me! What do you think you're doing? Do you think you have to prove yourself by destroying me? You don't have to! I know that you're better than I will ever be, so no need to rub it in on every opportunity! If it makes you happy, I'd announce that in front of the whole camp! So why?' 'Are you… crying?' Percy asked incredulously. 'Of course I am crying!' Jason spat. 'I am crying myself to sleep every single evening because you are torturing me! Happy now? "Oh,