FAGE 007 Title: Pump It Up Written for: Chartwilightmom Written By: mama4dukes Beta: IzzyBFFAddict92 Rating: M Prompt used: Prompt #2: post/94138951110 Summary: How does a guy get a girl to notice him? Join Edward and his buddies as they go on a journey of self-discovery. This story is AU (alternate universe) / AH (all human) / OOC (out of character) This story is work of fan fiction. All characters belong to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement intended. Special thanks to Speklez for talking me off of several ledges and The Darkest Falling Star for jumping into make an awesome banner in a pinch! Also, to Izzy BFFAddict92 for being a great friend and beta. Pump It Up "Well, how was last night? Was he any good?" Alice Cullen asked her best friend Rosalie Hale, as she reached into the refrigerator. She handed her friend a bottle of water. "I've never been with a hotter lover. The guy literally went all night long. I think I only slept for two hours at the most." "Mmm...sounds like you had a good time. Lucky." "Lucky? Um, chickie, you're dating Jasper Whitlock. I would say you're just as lucky as I am." "True…" Alice looked mischievously at Rose. "So, is Emmett McCarty as big as the rest of his body?" "Oh my God! The guy is hung. I kid you not. By morning, I was practically limping out of his apartment. He…" Rose stopped short and looked up from the counter towards the dining table and put her hands on her hips. "How long have you peons been eavesdropping on us?" The three high school students looked up at the scowling, blond bombshell. One of them, Alice's kid brother Edward, spoke up, "Um, we've been sitting here for an hour working on our Physics project. I hardly think we were eavesdropping." "Yeah," his friend Mike Newton added, "besides, why would we care how hung your new boyfriend is?" "Uh-huh," his buddy Ben Cheney agreed. The two college girls narrowed their eyes at the high school juniors. One of them-Rose- sashayed over to the dining table and lowered herself so that her breasts were at eye level for the seated guys. She licked her lips. The boys all swallowed nervously at the former homecoming queen's proximity. "You care about how hung my new boyfriend is because you want what he has. You want this." She motioned to herself. "You want what he has. You want all of it." She stood up and giggled at them. "Of course, looking at you scrawny adolescents, there's no way that any girl in her right mind will pay even an inkling of attention to you." Edward's sister made her way over to the table with a magnifying glass and a smirk. "Here Rose, this might help you zoom in." "Oh, Ali-there's no need for that. I can already tell that these little boys are underdeveloped and probably never will develop. They have no bulge where they should." The girls cackled as they strutted out of the kitchen and headed out. The boys waited until they heard the front door snap shut before talking again. They were too stunned to speak anyone. They'd known Alice and Rose their entire lives, having grown up together in the small town of Forks, Washington where everyone knew everyone and their business. "Jeez, Edward, will Rose and your sister ever stop being evil?" Ben asked. "I doubt it. They've been evil for as long as I can remember." "True. Remember when we were three years old and they decided to give us makeovers by throwing finger paint all over us?" Mike asked. "Yeah, and we're the ones who ended up getting in trouble for making a mess," Edward added. He looked forlorn. "At least you don't have to live with them. Face it, guys, Alice was put on this earth to make my life miserable." Ben and Mike both felt bad for Edward. Alice took every opportunity to tease and taunt her kid brother, usually with her cohort in crime Rosalie by her side. The two of them were three years ahead of the boys. In high school, they had been popular cheerleaders-girls emulated them while boys begged on all fours with their tongues wagging just for the opportunity to date them. Alice and Rose were the queens of their school. They were invited to all of the epic parties and they always were part of the cool pack. After high school, they went away to college together in Seattle. They had just ended their sophomore year of college and were home for summer vacation-this time with boyfriends in tow. Of course, all of this shouldn't affect Ben, Edward, and Mike at all except whenever the girls were home, they were-for lack of a better choice of words-mean. Take, for example, the way the girls teased them about their privates-or the lack thereof. For God's sake, they were still impressionable high school juniors-they took the girls' derision to heart-especially when it concerned anything to do with sex. The three boys looked forlorn-they had lost all interest in their physics project. "Why the long faces?" Esme Cullen, Edward's mother, asked as she brought some groceries into the kitchen. "Hello, Mrs. Cullen. Can we help you carry anything?" Mike asked. "Oh, no, thank you. This is it. Do you boys want to stay for dinner? We're just grilling up some burgers and hot dogs." "Sure. My parents are closing the store today so that would be great. I won't have to reheat leftovers." "What about you, Ben?" "I'd love to stay, if it's not a problem." "When has it ever been a problem for you boys to stay for dinner? I'll just call your parents to let them know your plans." "Thanks," they replied. "Anytime." Mrs. Cullen smiled at the three boys fondly as she picked up the phone and called Mrs. Newton and Mrs. Cheney. The three boys had been close since they had been lumped together at daycare-they were like brothers just like Alice and Rose were like sisters. She hung up the phone and turned her attention to the boys who were working diligently on their project. "Ben, Mike-your mothers both said it's okay for you to stay for dinner. How is that project coming?" "Terrible, Mom," Edward replied. "Every idea we've had has been a dud. We need to get the vehicle to go in a straight line for twenty feet." "Oh, my, that sounds involved. Science is one thing I can't help you on." "Mom, you said that about math, too." "Okay, science and math are two subjects I didn't do well on. In fact, it was a miracle I passed. Have you asked your sister for help?" Edward arched an eyebrow at his mother for that suggestion. "Mom, Alice isn't good at anything that doesn't have to do with boys or fashion." "Well, Dad should be home soon to help. He's the science whiz." Esme winked at her son. "I think you take after him." She turned her attention back to preparing dinner while the boys continued working on their science project. Twenty minutes later, Dr. Carlisle Cullen arrived home from his shift at the emergency room of Forks General Hospital. He kissed his wife before asking his son and his friends, "What are you boys trying to invent now?" "Dad, we're not trying to invent anything. Well, we are, but it's not for fun. It's our physics project. We have to make this vehicle move in a straight line for twenty feet." "Ah...I remember this project. Alright, let me go upstairs and change. I'll give you boys a hand. When is it due?" "We still have three weeks." "At least you're getting an early start on it. Your sister and Rose told me about it the night before it was due. I'll be right back down to help you." A few minutes later, Dr. Cullen was downstairs helping his son and his friends come up with plans for their science project. He was immensely proud of Edward and his friends. He imagined they would go far in life. All three of them were at the top of their class academically. They studied hard in school and were involved in the chess club, robotics club, and the school newspaper. Furthermore, they won many academic awards. The one thing Carlisle was worried about, though, was the fact that the boys were socially awkward. They never went to parties-okay, maybe they were never invited. They never brought girls home and have never gone out on any dates. They never went out and did anything teen-like-Edward had never put one toe out of line and, as far as he knew, neither did his friends Ben and Mike. They were just good, well-behaved kids-too good-Carlisle wished they would behave like normal teenagers and get into a mishap or two now and then. After all, mistakes were the best way to learn life's toughest lessons. "Carlisle, everything is ready for you to grill," Esme called. "Sure, honey. Excuse me, boys," he said as he stood up to start grilling. "What time are Alice and Rose bringing their boyfriends?" "Alice and Rose are coming here with their boyfriends?" Edward asked. "Well, yes, it's time we met them. The Hales met them last night. It's our turn now." "You couldn't tell me in advance? I could have had dinner at the diner." "Edward, you be nice to your sister, her friend, and their new boyfriends," Esme warned. "When am I ever not nice? Alice and Rose are the evil ones. Just today, they said…" Edward stopped short as his sister and her friend walked into the kitchen together with two muscular jocks. He sighed. "Never mind." "Mom, Dad-this is my boyfriend Jasper Whitlock," Alice introduced a tall, muscular blond guy to his parents. "Jasper, these are my parents, Carlisle and Esme Cullen." "Nice to meet you, Sir and Ma'am. You've got a really pretty home." This new boyfriend of Alice's had the thickest Southern drawl Edward had ever heard. "And this is my boyfriend Emmett McCarty," Rose greeted. "Hi, how are you? Rose has told me a lot about you," Emmett stated jovially. "Jasper, Emmett-a pleasure," Carlisle stated. "This is Alice's brother Edward and his friends Michael Newton and Ben Cheney." The two guys extended their hands to shake. Edward and his friends awkwardly shook their hands before sitting back down to work on their projects. "Alice tells me that you're staying with the Swans?" "Yes, we're actually staying in the guest house behind their house. Chief Swan is my mother's cousin. He got Jasper and me jobs at the community center this summer." "That was nice of him. Chief Swan is a nice guy and his daughter Bella is a sweet girl." "Bella's my cousin—she's very nice. She used to visit us in Tennessee for a month over the summers before I went off to college." "So, you know her well?" Edward asked curiously. "I do. She's cool as beans." "Why don't we all move to the patio so we can get to know each other?" Carlisle suggested. "Boys, that's enough Physics for today. I think you've made great progress. You can work more on it tomorrow. Put everything away and come join us." The boys reluctantly started cleaning up after everyone left. "Sorry, guys, I didn't think the two witches were joining us for dinner." "It's okay," Ben replied. "Man, did you see those guys? They look like they spend all day in the gym." "They don't look any different from the usual guys that Alice and Rose bring home," Edward noted. "True, but they look bigger, you know?" Mike insisted. "Maybe it's because they're in college?" "It's possible, but...but… You guys, what happens if we go to college and we stay this way? I mean we're kind of scrawny." "Yeah, and we're nerds. Chicks don't dig nerds. In fact, they don't pay any attention