I'm taking a stab at a Peter/Bella fic because I find him so loveable-even more so than Jasper, in a way. I hope you enjoy it and I'd love to hear what you think. Like my other story, this story will feature twists, turns, swearing, sex, lots of hijinx, and copious amounts of drinking-oh, and Walmart-lots and lots of Walmart. My first priority will be Life Happens, So Just Roll With It. That being said, I will do my best to update this story weekly. This story is extremely AU/OOC and over the top. All characters belong to Stephanie Meyer. No copyright infringement intended. I do not own Walmart either, however, I am in possession of a few plastic shopping bags that feature the Walmart name and logo on them. Mature readers 18+ only. Peter's POV Wonderful, just wonderful! I was pulled over and given a ticket because the turn signal light on my truck was blown. Normally, I'd just go to the auto parts store to grab one and throw it in, but no, just as I was about to go in my gift decided to percolate and tell me that I would find what I'm looking for at Walmart. So here I am, in the middle of a Walmart parking lot in Montoursville, Pennsylvania installing a turn signal light at 10pm on a sultry summer evening. My Dodge Ram was parked in between a Toyota Sequoia and a beat up Mercury Sable with bird shit on it's windshield. Suddenly, I was hit with the most mouthwatering scent that I'd ever encountered in my existence as a vampire. A pretty gal strode up to the Sable with a shopping cart, opened the trunk, and started loading her purchases inside. She rifled through one of the shopping bags and grabbed a pair of windshield wiper blades and some washer fluid, then shut the trunk. She, then, walked up to the front of her vehicle and opened up one of the wiper blade packages. She started reading the instructions on the back of the package. In the meantime, my gift was going into overdrive and it kept telling me, "Help her, fuck her, then change her; she's your mate, Fucker!" Well, that was pretty rude of my gift calling me a fucker. My gift exists because I exist. Shouldn't it call me the 'exalted one' instead of 'fucker'? I'm a pretty decent dude. Wait a minute, did my gift just tell me that the girl with the Sable is my mate? "Hey, Gift, are you sure she's my mate?" I asked the depths of my brain. "Gift? Can't you give me a better name than that? I, at least, had the decency to name you Fucker." Gift replied back. "Okay, then, Brewmaster, are you sure she's my mate?" "Brewmaster? Fucker, do I seem like I work at Starbucks?" Gift snapped back. "Actually, they're called Baristas at Starbucks. Why the fuck am I arguing with you? It's either Brewmaster or Gift, which is it?" "I'll take Brewmaster, Gift seems so generic and yes she's your mate. Take a look at that spankin' body. She puts your ex that ran off with that piano playing, virgin, veggie vamp to shame. Her tits aren't over the top and huge like Char's either. They're just the right size for you to suck on all night long." Brewmaster said. I scanned my mate's body and Brewmaster was right. It was fuck hot. She had curves in all the right places and those white denim shorts made her legs appear as if they were endless. Then, there was her ass, I planned on spanking it over and over again. When she leaned over to try to work on trying to remove one of the wiper blades, her tank top rose up and I could see the top of her hot pink thong. Brewmaster interrupted my eye-fucking session. "Fucker! What are you waiting for? You have three jobs tonight and each one is fairly simple. I'm gonna spell them out for you since you seem to need them broken down, you dumb fuck. You help her change the wiper blades, take her back to your place so you can fuck her, then you sink your teeth into that delicious looking artery pulsating in her neck and change her. It's easy as one, two, three. Now, take this opportunity to help her put in new wiper blades, she's completely clueless—she's singlehandedly dismantling the entire blade." "How's it going? Can I give you a hand." I offered. "Um, sure." She said without turning to face me. "I think I've got this one, maybe you can work on the other one." She handed the second wiper blade to me with her left hand. That's when I caught sight of her wrist. That bite didn't come from no human or animal, that bite came from a vampire. My instincts took over, then. How the hell did my mate survive such an attack? I grabbed her wrist, she gasped at my touch. I felt electricity churning through my veins. I'm pretty sure she did too. She dropped the wiper blade and turned to look at me with the prettiest eyes I'd ever seen. She scanned me from head to toe, then back up to my face again. "Are you gonna tell me how you got that bite there, pretty lady?" I asked. She didn't say a word, just continued staring at me. "Now, sugar, how the hell am I supposed to protect you if you don't tell me how you got that bite?" I questioned. "From your kind." She whispered. "And now what exactly is my kind?" She took a deep breath before speaking. "Vampire." "I'm not gonna hurt ya, baby." "Your kind always does." She said. "No, not me. I can't hurt you without hurting myself." I replied. The electricity was out of control by now. "Who are you?" "Peter." "Oh." "Aren't you gonna tell me who you are? That's usually how it works, isn't it? I introduce myself, then you introduce yourself." "Bella." She said. "The name suits you, you are beautiful." I said. "Now let me get back to changing your wiper blades for you." In less than a minute, I had both wiper blades in. "Pop that hood open. I'll put the washer fluid in for ya." She did what I asked. I poured in the liquid and closed the hood. "Um, thank you, Peter." She said. "You're welcome." I replied. She hopped into the driver's seat and started her engine or at least tried to. The damn thing wouldn't turn. "Damn it. Not here, not now!" I heard her mutter. She pulled out her cell phone. It was out of power. "Fuck, fuck, fuck!" Oh, my mate has a dirty, little mouth. Hehe. I like that. I knocked on her window. She opened her door. "Car trouble?" I asked. "Um, yeah, it won't start." She said. "I could take a look at it at my house tomorrow. I live about twenty-five minutes up that hill over in Hillsgrove." I smiled at her, hoping it would ease her conscience. She scanned the now deserted parking lot. "I guess I don't really have much of a choice, do I? You're not going to drain me, are you?" "No on both counts." I said. She grabbed her purse and a large duffle bag from the trunk of her car, then she asked something funny. "Do you have a refrigerator at your house?" "Uh, yeah. I need to keep up appearances." "Good." She said and grabbed a case of water from the trunk of her car. "I like my water chilled. Can you stop at the Wendy's drive-thru right there? I'm hungry. You're not gonna tell me that fast food is unhealthy are ya?" "No, why the fuck would I tell you that?" I asked. "No reason." She said. I pulled up to the drive-thru and she leaned over me from the passenger side and placed her order—her glorious ass was staring at me right in my face and I felt like giving it a good squeeze and a spank. "Not yet, fucker." Brewmaster chastised in my mind. I pulled up to the window to grab her food, she handed me a twenty so I could pay for it. She didn't have to do that, I have a fuckton of cash in the bank, but, hey, I didn't want to appear too forward. I parked the car so she could eat. I don't remember much about my human life, but I do know that it's better to be stationary when you eat. After she finished eating, she threw her trash out and we were on the way to my house. Now, how the fuck am I supposed to get her into my bed? I drove north up Route 87 and parked in my driveway. My house was located in a secluded, woodsy area of Hillsgrove. There was a creek running in the back and I could hear the soothing water flow. I grabbed the case of water and Bella's duffle bag and invited her into my house. She scanned the outside, then the inside before she stepped in. "Your house is big. Do you live here alone or do you have a mate?" She asked. She clearly knew a lot about vampires. I led her to the dining table to sit down. I pulled up a chair across from her. "I used to have a wife, but she ran off with a piano playing, virgin, veggie vamp who happened to be her mate. I suppose he's no longer a virgin seeing as they got married three years ago. You know they had the nerve to send me a wedding invitation. Some grand affair put on by a hyperactive, manipulative elf. Sorry about my verbal diarrhea." I added at the end. Bella stared at me quizzically with her chin in her hands and her elbows on the table. "So, what you're saying is that your wife ran off with Edward Cullen who finally got his cherry popped after a lavish over-the-top wedding put together by Alice Bitch Cullen. They had the gall to invite you because they were hard-up on guests considering that no one wants to be friends with their fake asses." My eyes gaped before I collected myself again. "Yeah, so, I see you know the Cullens too." I said, nonchalantly. "Not by choice." Bella said. "So, since we're being honest with each other, would you mind telling me how you survived a bite from a vampire?" I asked. "Eh, why not. You got any whiskey?" Bella asked. Ooh. My mate likes whiskey. Definitely my kind of woman. Char liked gin. Who the fuck drinks gin? I grabbed a gallon bottle of Jack Daniels and poured it into a tall glass for her. "Whoa there. Slow down. I'll get alcohol poisoning if I drink that much." Oh, yeah. Human's can't drink as much as we can. I took the glass for myself, grabbed another glass and poured whiskey in it until it was half full. "It's still too much, but it'll do. You can finish it for me, right?" She asked. "No problem, pretty lady. Now tell me your story." "This all started eight and a half years ago, mind you. I was living with my father and attending Forks High School in Washington. I met Edward there. He and I started dating and like a young, naïve idiot, I worshipped the ground he walked on. I was only seventeen at the time. A couple of months later, he and his fucked-up family were playing baseball when we were approached by three nomads: Laurent, James, and Victoria. James was a tracker and when Edward moved to protect me, he saw it as a challenge and decided to pursue me. Alice and Jasper—that's the pixie's depressed mate, drove me to Phoenix, but James had caught up with us, by then. He called