FAGE 9: The Last Ride Title: Bella and Jasper's Excellent Adventure Written for: AbbyMickey Written By: mama4dukes Banner By: Sparkling Fae Rating: PG-13 Summary/Prompt used: Bella and Jasper feel trapped in their marriages and stifled living with the Cullens. When a mysterious note is sent to them urging them to go, do they take the bait and leave? Of course they do. Join Bella and Jasper as they go on an excellent adventure and perhaps discover a few surprises along the way. Loosely based on Prompt 4—couple finds a treasure map—instead I did something else mysterious. Disclaimer: This is a work of fanfiction by mama4dukes. All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of mama4dukes—the author of this story. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any previously copyrighted material. No copyright infringement is intended. If you would like to see all the stories that are a part of this exchange visit the facebook group: Fanficaholics Anon: Where Obsession Never Sleeps, or add the C2 to get all the stories direct to your inbox. community/FAGE-9-The-Last-Ride/93625/ Warning: This story is non-canon / AU / OOC. Liberties were taken with the timeline and the history of characters. 7 years after Bella and Edward's wedding—no baby spawn exists. The newborn war in Eclipse never happened nor did the confrontation with the Volturi. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. Tick-tock. The second hand on the clock in the Cullen's mega mansion in Alaska ticked continuously as the members of the household whiled away the time, each in their own way. Dr. Carlisle Cullen was sitting in his home office completing his patient reports for the day. He always brought them home because it gave him something to do during those monotonous hours when he wasn't at work. He always quadruple-checked his work because he honestly didn't want to spend time with his wife who would ask him his opinion about this fabric swatch or that. Esme Cullen sat at a drafting table in her own office drawing some new blueprints for yet another extension to their home. She wished she could become an architect or a designer, but alas her condition as a vampire took that option away from her, at least according to her husband Carlisle. Rosalie Hale tinkered away in the garage rebuilding the engine of a 1978 Pontiac Firebird, which she hoped to restore to its original factory condition. She was happy that she had a hobby that she enjoyed. She could fiddle with engines all day long, which was a good thing because she had an extremely long life ahead of her and she truly needed something to keep her busy since her husband was married to his computer. Rosalie's husband Emmett Cullen was in his gaming room running a raid in League of Legends for the umpteenth time that day. This was his only social outlet. He had a posse of online gaming friends who he talked to all day while they gamed. He wished he could go out and socialize with friends rather than gaming all day, but he couldn't because it was deemed unsafe to cavort with humans. In any case, gaming kept him from having to hand tools to his grease monkey wife. For some reason, she thought he enjoyed being his lackey. To him, there was nothing more boring than working on cars all day. Alice Cullen was in her enormous walk-in closet figuring out some new outfits to wear for herself and for the other family members. She used a combination of what she thought was her fabulous skill as a fashionista, coupled with her visions as a seer, to select the perfect outfits for herself and the rest of the family members. Alice's husband Jasper was reading the newspaper in the family room away from his annoying wife. He was having trouble concentrating because Edward was playing his damned piano again. There was only so much classical music that he could listen to. Of course, the selfish little prig was so inconsiderate that he'd play all hours of the day whether anyone wanted to hear his crap or not. "I'm sorry you feel that way, Jasper," Edward snipped at him. "If you don't want to know the truth, then stop reading everyone's mind!" Edward crossed his arms in front of his chest. "You know that I can't help it. It's impossible to control my gift." Sitting across from Jasper on the love seat was Edward's wife Bella. She looked up from the book she was reading and rolled her eyes at her husband. Jasper chuckled at the sight of her. "I saw that, Isabella! I don't appreciate you making disrespectful eye gestures at me then laughing with Jasper at my expense." To that comment, Bella wagged her eyebrows at the Major. She was used to her husband's whiney harangues by now. "I don't know what's gotten into you lately. You have been behaving like a child rather than my wife. Now I expect you to stop this nonsensical behavior and start acting like an elegant woman or…" Edward suddenly stopped his diatribe and looked up. "Someone is coming," he whispered just before the doorbell chimed. "Well, who is it?" his wife asked, frustrated. She glanced up at the clock and noticed it was eleven AM. "I don't know. I can't…I can't read their thoughts. I…" By this time, the entire coven, with the notable exception of Emmett, had gathered in the living room. The majority of them surrounded Edward, hoping for his gift to kick in. Carlisle turned to Alice. "What about you? Can you see anything?" The pixie rubbed her temples and looked up with a worried expression. "No…nothing. I can't see anything." While everyone gasped in shock with fearful, panicked expressions on their faces, Bella stood up from her perch on the sofa and muttered, "Oh, for crying out loud." She walked up to the door with Jasper, who was quick to guard her, and opened it before the visitor could ring the doorbell. "Hi, Steve." "How are you, Bella?" "Fine, thank you. What do we have today?" "Let's see. I have packages for Alice Cullen, Rosalie Hale, and Esme Cullen." Steve paused for a second. "Oh, and I have one for Edward Cullen." He handed Bella an electronic slate. "If you could sign here, please." Bella signed several times for him confirming the deliveries. "Would you like me to bring the packages inside or shall I just leave them here?" "You can just leave them here. We'll get them." "Thank you. See you tomorrow." "Yes, see you tomorrow, Steve. Drive safely." As soon as the UPS truck was out of sight, Bella opened the door wider and turned to the stunned coven members minus Jasper, of course. "Alright, come and get your deliveries." Edward turned to her with a stern expression. "Isabella, I do not like how you carelessly answered the door when Alice and I were unable to figure out who it was. Your blatant disregard for safety is disturbing." "Seriously? We're going to rehash this shit again, Edward? We go through this every single weekday. Alice orders clothes, Rose orders car parts, Esme orders fabrics, and you order more music. Monday thru Friday, at around eleven AM, Steve from UPS comes to our house to deliver packages. Neither Alice nor you can read him. Everyone else congregates around the two of you in absolute shock that your gifts don't work on him while Jasper and I answer the door. It's been like this for almost seven years!" With his mouth opening and closing as he tried to formulate a response, Bella thought Edward resembled a fish out of water. He apparently had no idea how to deal with her outburst. "I…I…I don't appreciate your attitude," he finally spit out. Bella rolled her eyes. "I'm only stating the obvious. If you don't want any deliveries, perhaps you shouldn't order anything online anymore." Everyone gasped in shock at the suggestion. Alice turned her chin up stoically and stated, "We overreacted, of course. Why would we be afraid of a simple delivery person?" She plastered a fake smile on her face and gestured to everyone else that they should do the same. They all robotically turned to Bella and smiled at her. "Oookay…well…glad you guys are all happy now…um, I'm going for a walk," she said. "Now?" Edward asked. "Yes, now." "Love, I was just playing piano for you." "Right…I really need to go for a walk." "But…" Edward crossed his arms in front of chest. "I simply can't go with you right now. It's our special time together. I play piano for you and you listen. You love hearing me play classical piano." "Bella, you love listening to Edward play piano. You can't go now." Alice nodded her head in a creepy manner. "No, this is your special time together," Esme agreed. "Okay, you know something? I really need to go for a walk now." "Well, young lady, you can't go alone. Our world is not safe," Carlisle stated with finality. "Unfortunately, this is your special music time with Edward so the two of you can't go walking right now." All the coven members who were gathered downstairs, minus Jasper, nodded at her—fake smiles still plastered on their faces. "Fine!" Bella sat back down on the sofa and opened up a book. "You're going to read? Aren't you going to listen to me play?" "I'm a vampire. I'm very good at multi-tasking," she replied as she cocooned herself in her physical shield—effectively drowning most of the music out. She looked up at Jasper who sat back down across from her and smiled. She kindly expanded her shield to cover him as well. He was the only one in the coven she could put up with at this point. XOXO Jasper Whitlock watched Bella with a concerned expression on his face. Since her change seven years ago, she had been becoming increasingly frustrated with Edward, who kept trying to mold her into a proper Victorian lady. The problem was that Bella was not a Victorian lady and would never be. She was a modern, twenty-first century woman with modern, twenty-first century views. Edward wanted an obedient, subservient wife. Bella craved adventure, but she was confined to this house in Alaska because her husband would not let her leave without protection. Edward only trusted himself or Alice to protect his wife. Oddly enough, Bella—with her shield—was more powerful than either of them. On top of that, she had absolutely no bloodlust whatsoever. This was discovered after Alice and Edward slipped on the way to Seattle, seven years ago, roughly three months after Bella's change. Alice was desperate to go shopping so she insisted on going with Bella, Edward, and Jasper. Edward, of course, was arrogantly speeding like a madman on the highway in the pouring rain. He was zipping between cars and switching lanes carelessly when he collided with another vehicle that didn't have enough time to move away from the speeding Volvo. The other vehicle spun and flipped several times before ultimately landing on its roof. The passenger, a young woman, was ejected and there was blood everywhere. Jasper immediately felt Alice and Edward's bloodlust, but curiously none from Bella, who was the only one calm enough to try to help the bleeding woman. It didn't take long for Alice and Edward to approach the scene. Unable to control their bloodlust, they each started feeding from the poor woman while Bella did her best to stop them. It was before she knew how to use her shield so she was unable to create a physical barrier. Unfortunately, a hungry vampire in the throes of bloodlust was a strong one and Bella was physically thrown onto the opposite side of the highway. Jasper tried his best to stop them, too, but it was too