A/N I don't own anything HP related. Just my thoughts, which is where this plot came from. Hermione was surprised at the amount of people who had turned out for the celebration. There were flowers everywhere, she had been able to smell them before stepping into the clearing. She inhaled, savoring the way the very air seemed alive. She had never been to one before, but Ginny and Luna had convinced her. "Beltane is for couples." She had tried to tell them. "Beltane is a time for all. It's a celebration of life. We all have many lives to be thankful for." Luna told her, rubbing her rather large belly with a gentle smile. So here she was, watching the festivities, declining to join in. I wonder how many parents have already wandered off. She thought as she watched children playing games, some dancing around a small maypole. Boys and girls had flowers in their hair, and the sight of them made her smile. "Oof!" Hermione had been so intent on watching the children play, she forgot to watch where she was going. She ran right into someone. A man type someone judging by the arms wrapped around her waist and keeping her from falling. His arms tightened, pulling her into his chest where she smelled woods, parchment and flowers? She looked up. "Distracted?" The smiling face of Remus Lupin was looking down at her. "Just a little." She smiled back, and stepped away from him. "I've never been to a Beltane festival before. They didn't allow them at Hogwarts." "Of course not. Can you imagine the chaos? Bonfires and randy teenagers don't exactly mix." He chuckled. "Beltane isn't just about sex Remus." She gave him a stern look. "Of course not." He agreed. "It's also about flowers." He smirked, his comment made her laugh. "So why did you decide to come this year Ms. Granger?" "Ginny and Luna." She told him. "Ah, of course." He looked around. "So where are those girls?" "Gone, celebrating the fertility part of Beltane with Ron and Harry I'm sure." She rolled her eyes thinking of her friends. This was one of those times she really felt like a fifth wheel. She loved all of her friends, and they were great about including her in their plans, but even they couldn't resist the call today. "Why are you here today Mr. Lupin?" "Sirius. He tried to convince me he actually wanted to honor tradition. He left me for a pretty blonde not long before I ran into you." They stood in silence a few moments before he asked "Since we are both alone, would the lady like to accompany me on this May Day?" He bowed and held out his arm. Hermione beamed, secretly glad she now had an invitation to spend the day with the handsome werewolf. "You honor me, sir." She placed her arm on his, playing along. "I would love to tour the festival with a gentleman such as yourself." He stood, towering over her. "Any place you would like to visit first fair maiden?" he offered, much happier than he had been minutes before. "Hmmm, how about we start over there?" She pointed to the flower booths. "Your wish, my command." -0-0-0- The first booth they went to was selling flowers in small pots. They had different kinds for different gardens, both magical and muggle. Hermione looked at them all, making sure to avoid the more dangerous ones. She bought a few to put in her flat window, banishing them to her place so she wouldn't need to cart them around. "Oh look Remus! They're making flower chains!" She took hold of his arm and pulled him over to the children sitting in a circle with a witch who was teaching them how to weave crowns and necklaces. "I've always wanted to learn how to do this." She told him and promptly sat down. A little girl who looked to be 5 or 6 shyly passed her the basket of pre-cut flowers. "Thank you." Hermione smiled at the girl. She looked over her shoulder at Remus and patted the ground next to her. Taking the hint, he sat down. She passed him the basket and he sorted through the flowers. He picked out light blues, dark purples and pale pinks. He watched closely as the young witch demonstrated how to make a crown. It took him a few times, but he managed. Pleased with his work, he turned to show his companion, only to find her holding her creation out for his inspection. "I made you one." They said at the same time, then laughed. "Here." Hermione said, and handed him the crown she made, taking his in the process. He looked at the crown in his hands. She had picked out dark blue flowers with white centers, dark green ferns were woven between, and she had even managed to find a few twigs for an accent. It was rather masculine, and he admired her artistic eye. If he had tried something like that, Remus was sure it would have looked more like a bird's nest than a crown. Hermione instantly loved the crown Remus handed her. She was happy to find that the colors not only looked great on her, they were ones she loved. It was delicate and whimsical, but suited her perfectly. It even complimented her outfit she noted. (She had worn a knee-length pale blue airy skirt with a cream and pink blouse.) She put it on, glad the flowers had stasis charms so she could wear it all day. She looked back at Remus, who had also put his crown on. Her breath caught looking at him. A crown of flowers should not have made him looked even more rugged and handsome, yet somehow, it had. She had always thought Remus a good looking man, but assumed he wanted to be nothing more than friends. I would be happy to be more than a friend though . She thought to herself, still staring at him. Right now Hermione wanted nothing more than to kiss him, and the strength of the desire shocked her. "So what do you think?" He asked, taking in her flushed cheeks. She stumbled over her words, still reeling from her discovery. "You, uh…you look, um… you look like a fairy!" She finally blurted out, then immediately covered her mouth with her hands. His eyes went wide at her words. He thought he should be offended, but she looked so adorable with her red cheeks and hands over her mouth, that he couldn't. "I didn't mean that! Well, I did, but not in the way you're thinking! I meant you look like King Oberon. Not a garden fairy or anything like that." She rushed her words. He gave her a lopsided smile. "Looking like the King of the Fairies isn't too horrible. Does that make you Queen Titania?" He thought she could certainly play the part. Her eyes sparkling in the mid-morning light, the flowers perched atop her curls, cheeks still pink. Almost as pink as her lips… He tore his eyes away from her mouth. He had noticed the beautiful woman she had grown into, and he knew he wasn't the only one. "I guess." She shrugged. Remus stood up and pulled her with him. "Where to now my queen?" -0-0-0- Hermione and Remus joined the others for the mid-day picnic. "Where did you wander off to?" Ginny inquired, trying to hide the grin creeping over her face as Hermione and Remus walked over, arm-in-arm. "I ran into Remus while looking around." "Quite literally." Remus interjected. "Yes, and we've spent the morning wandering the booths." Hermione finished. "Looks like you've been playing with flowers Moony." Sirius teased, trying to grab the crown off Remus' head. Remus ducked away smirking. "You're just jealous you don't have one." They were spread out on a blanket barely big enough to hold all eight of them. Ron held Luna between his long legs, letting her lean against him. Ginny and Harry were cross-legged, knees touching, feeding each other. Sirius and his new date, Sophie, were stretched out talking, hands entwined. Hermione and Remus were sitting rather stiffly and trying hard not to accidently touch the other. "What would you like to do after this?" Remus turned to ask Hermione. She looked up at him surprised. "Are we still going to walk the fair together?" "Only if you want to." He was quick to assure her. "I assumed that since we were the only two… well if you would rather go with the others, I would understand." "Oh no! I'd love to! I think you should pick the next activity though. I've chosen all morning." She looked at him expectantly. Everyone was finishing up and packing the food away. "You should see the card reader." Luna suggested, having caught the end of their conversation. Hermione snorted. "You still don't believe in divination?" Remus asked her with an amused smile. "I believe in it to a point. Just look at Harry. I also happen to think there are plenty of fakes and that many predictions are so vague, they could really mean anything." She huffed. "It's decided then!" He declared, taking her arm. "We're off to have our future read!" Hermione let him pull her along, waving back at her friends. -0-0-0- They found the tent easily enough. Hermione could smell the incense from outside, and didn't want to know how strong it was inside. "Are you sure you want to do this?" She asked plaintively. "Are you scared?" He challenged, one eyebrow raised. She narrowed her eyes at him and instead of answering, stormed into the tent. "Welcome children!" A woman old enough to be Hermione's grandmother came out from the back of the small tent. Considering she was a witch, Hermione thought she was probably old enough to be her great-grandmother. "Please, take a seat!" She gestured to the table, it was draped in purple and set with three chairs. Without waiting for them to sit down, she pulled out her own chair and sat down. Hermione exchanged one last look with Remus before taking a seat. "Well dears, what can I help you with today?" The reader said in a brisk, no nonsense voice. Hermione was surprised. She had expected someone like Professor Trelawney, all scarves, smoke and mystic voice. "We would like a reading ma'am." Remus spoke for the both of them. "Very well." She drew a worn deck out from the sleeve of her robes, then spread the cards on the table. "I want you to close your eyes. Find your center. When you have, pick a card." Becoming more intrigued by the second, Hermione did as she was asked. Remus wasn't sure if it was the air in the tent, or the witch sitting next to him, but soon after he closed his eyes, his arm began to tingle. Going with the feeling that he needed to pick up THIS card, he did just that. He opened his eyes to look at Hermione. Her eyes were still closed, her nose was scrunched up in concentration. The same way she looked when she was translating a difficult text he noted. Hermione was having a hard time finding her center. Her mind continually wandered to the wizard next to her. She wondered if he had picked his card yet. Focus Hermione! She scolded herself. After another moment of focusing on her breathing, her arm began to feel fuzzy. Realizing this was it, she reached out and took a card. "Good, good. Now flip your cards over." The woman instructed them. They did as she asked. Remus felt his face flush looking at his card. There, on the face of it, was a man and a woman locked in a passionate embrace. It was too easy for him to swap the card couple out with himself and Hermione. He could guess why he drew