I've had this oneshot noted down on paper for a while but refused to entertain the idea of writing it fully until I had managed to update my other story, Destiny Calls Us. Now that I've finally (WOOHOO!) managed to get that updated I can write this one. Disclaimer: *sigh* Despite my best attempts I have failed to get the story rights to Twilight and as such I can only say…I own nothing! Summary: It's been ten years since she married Edward and things haven't worked out the way that Bella wanted. Returning to her home town she gets a shock when she sees just how far life has moved on without her. (Not for Bella and Edward lovers) You don't know what you've got… By Mcvities22 Bella POV: As I reach the border of their lands I close my eyes and reach for the shield within me. Only once certain that I'm fully protected against their senses do I move forward into the wolves territory. I can tell exactly where they are, their scent having reached my already and move swiftly towards them. It's a trick I've perfected over the last ten years, using my shield to cover my scent. It took time but eventually I managed to nail it down about two years ago now. Since then I'd pretty much been on my own. Life with Edward, life as a Vampire… All those years ago the idea of becoming a vampire had been so appealing to me. It was as if everything in my life had been leading me towards that moment. After the wedding, after Edward had changed me, I'd known that it was everything that I'd wanted. It felt right…at first. For the first few years life had been idyllic. It had been everything that I'd wanted, everything that I'd imagined it would be. The freedom, the power, the energy that I felt…it was incredible. During those first few years I thought nothing would bring me down. Then it happened… Carlisle had called it a slip up, Rosalie had called inevitable, Edward had blamed himself but me…it made me realise just how wrong I had been. The feeling of that poor woman's blood running within me, running down my throat…oh how I'd relished the feeling. I'd wanted nothing more than to go running throughout the town and take down every single human in my path. The feeling…the taste… Then Jasper, to his credit and strength, had pulled me from the limp and lifeless body. He'd pulled me away, using his strength and power to bring me back to myself but by then it was too late. By the time that I'd come back to myself and realised what I'd done there was nothing I could do for her. She was gone. Dead. I'd killed her. I hated myself for what I'd done. I'd taken the life of an innocent woman, an innocent young mother who'd just gotten married. That feeling was horrible. I'm a killer. But do you know what was worse? Do you know what the worst feeling in the world was? Worse than knowing you're a killer? Worse than knowing you had blood on your hands? I wanted to do it again. I wanted nothing more than to rip open the next human that crossed my path. I wanted nothing more than to go out and search for my next victim. Even now as I think about it I can still taste her blood on my lips. Closing my eyes I force the thoughts away from me and focus on the tribe. From my position hidden in the forest I could see the entire tribe together. The sight of them brought back so many memories, happy memories of times when life seemed so simple. Watching them together, seeing them happy, just tore me apart even more. Something within me ached at the sight of the children running around. Children. One thing that I could never have. Being a vampire had taken away from me the possibility of being a mother. As an eighteen year old that hadn't factored into my decision, I didn't think about the rest of my life…all I thought about was the thought of being with Edward. I didn't ever consider the prospect of being a mother but the more time passes the more I realise how much I want it. I want that feeling, the feeling of having your own child, the feeling of having a life inside of you. It must be bliss. "Bella." My head snaps round in shock at the voice that comes from behind me. "Sam." How had he found me? "I didn't realise that it was you at first. It's been a long time." His voice is cold and full of venom that surprises me at first until I remember that he's a wolf. For a moment I had forgotten that. "I'm not here to cause trouble or to hurt anyone I just…" I trail off, realising for the first time that coming here may have been a mistake. "I don't know." For a few minutes we fall into silence and my attention settles back onto the tribe. I can feel his eyes on me, watching every single movement that I make. "Everyone seems happy." I finally venture as I watch Emily lift a small boy into her arms. "We are. It's been almost a year since we had a vampire running round here. After you left they just…seemed to stop coming." He doesn't want me here I can tell then again in his position I wouldn't want me here either. "I don't know why I came here, I really don't I just…ended up here." As we watch he moves to stand next to me. He watches me for a moment before his expression softens ever so slightly, if I weren't watching his every movement I wouldn't have seen it. "That's our son." He says, gesturing to the child that Emily is carrying. "He's almost two and our daughter's almost five. Keith and Lorraine." "You're very lucky to have them." He nods at my words. If he notices the longing expression that I'm sure is all over my face then he says nothing about it. "Jared and Kim got married a couple of years after you left. They've got three kids now, twin boys Mark and Jamie and a little girl, Alison. She's pregnant with their fourth." Four kids…they've got four children. "I'm almost convinced that they're trying to repopulate the earth." I can't stop the thoughts running around my head right now. Emily and Sam have two children… Jared and Kim will soon have four… More than ever my decision looms in the background, my decision hangs over me like a dark cloud just waiting to burst. Why didn't I think about this? Why? "It took six years for Paul and Rachel to finally settle down and get married. For a while we never thought it was going to happen but eventually they got their acts together and tied the knot." I try to look for them but for some reason I can't see them. Apparently Sam see's my eyes and rolls his own. "She's in the hospital right now, she gave birth to their daughter yesterday. Sarah Emily Lahote, named after her late grandmother and her god mother." Another kid…another child… Looking round I can't see Jacob anywhere. He must be visiting his sister. "Seth managed to surprise us all, sometimes I still can't believe that he managed to keep it hidden all that time." He shakes his head as I look at him, a small smile crossing his face. "Kid surprised us all with that one." "With what?" For the first time his eyes leave me and travel across to his pack. He says nothing to me for a while before he finally looks back to me. He gestures across the clearing to where Seth is sat, it takes a moment before I realise who he's sat with. He and Embry are sat close together laughing about something I haven't heard. "Well it was three years ago now when we found out. Seth got bitten by a vampire, he almost died…" He trails off as pain crosses his face. Whatever he wanted to say was cut off as his eyes trailed towards Seth for a few minutes. "When he was unconscious Sue finally told us the truth. When Seth first phased he imprinted on Embry. He was scared, confused, grieving, embarrassed…so he kept it hidden. He said nothing about it for years until he finally broke and told his mother. She kept his secret but even she couldn't urge him to tell us. In a way I guess I should be thanking that vampire. If it hadn't bitten Seth then I don't think he ever would have said anything." Seth could have died? Seth was always the sweetheart of the pack, the most innocent and the kindest. He was, as Edward had always described him, the most pure and gentle being he had ever come across. "After he recovered they talked about it and when Seth finally opened up, Embry imprinted on him too." Looking around I can see the happiness radiating from the pack, radiating from every member. It seems so strange to see them like this. I've spent so long living around vampires, living around people who are so serious. Even when we were laughing and having fun they were serious, they had to be. If they let their guard down too much then bad things happen and people get hurt, I learnt that the hard way. But the pack… They were always fun and happy, even in the hardest and darkest of times they were fun loving people. The Cullens mocked them for it but me? I envied them. I loved the way they were seemingly so care free, the way that they could just let loose and live life to the fullest. "You're looking for Jacob." It was a statement, not a question and it was correct. I'd been trying not to think about him, trying to convince myself that I didn't come back here for him but in truth…that's exactly what I'm doing here. I made a mistake. Since that 'slip up' years back I've known exactly where I went wrong. I should never have chosen Edward. "You've got a lot of nerve. I don't know what you thought would happen when you came back here. What? What were expecting? Him to be here waiting? Him to jump into your arms and run off?" His voice is barely above a whisper now but the anger and shock is still there. As much as I try to deny it I know that that's exactly what I want. I want him to be waiting for me, I want him to be right here so I could fall into his arms. I want us to pick up where we left off and be happy together. Jacob was the one I should have chosen, the one I should have been with, not Edward. That has been clear to me more than ever over these last few years. I know that Edward could see it. After my 'slip up' the bitterness inside me grew and grew. Something changed within me that couldn't be changed back. He could see the anger I held at him for changing me, not that this is his fault, he did what I asked of him. He could see my hatred for myself and who I was. But most of all, he could see what I tried hard not to even think about. My feelings for Jacob. Once I married Edward I thought my feelings for him had gone. I thought they would have disappeared and for a while they seemed to. Or maybe I just willed them to be gone I don't know. I thought that was it, that this was my life. Only they hadn't gone.