Hello readers, so I've had this chapter of this story ready for about 2 weeks and I've been debating on where or not I should post it. I know exactly where I'm going with this story I have everything planned out! But! And yes there's a but, if you are going to read I ask you to be patient with me! It is summer vacation but I'm homeschooled for falling behind due to health problems and I'm only about half way done with my courses. Hope you like it! Disclaimer ; I don't own any of the characters. Everything other then the plot for this story belongs to Stephanie Meyer. Chapter 1: Goodbye Florida; Hello … Eddie? Tears flowed down my cheek as I looked out the airplane window saying my goodbye to sunny Florida to make my way to Fork, Washington. My life has been a tremendous rollercoaster ride from day one; I shouldn't be dreading coming back as much as I was, for crying out loud It was my home, I had my family there. I guess it's not so much about where I'm going as appose to why I'm going, my mom, Renee, had remarried and she figured that the best way to get on with her life would be for me to not be around. The words were never exactly said but the decisions that were made pointed to only one conclusion. I has started to believe that was more his decision then hers. I had jumped at the chance to move, to get away from him , but after my ass was firmly planted on the airplane seat I couldn't help let my mind wonder. I know she loved him and he her, but I just couldn't help but worry about her. She never actually knew about my dislike towards him, only that I didn't like his attitude, he a pot smoking cocky bastard that thought women only belonged in the kitchen. He would lay on his ass all day and night while mom worked and the minute she walked through the door he would be up and about taking credit for the house cleaning and cooking. Phil , god I hated him, he was always around and I never actually thought Renee took him seriously. I should have seen this coming he's been a part of our lives for almost 8 years. He's also the reason Renee left my father and my brother Emmett in this secluded little town called Forks. He's the reason I was the responsible one in the house, when he wasn't on his ass and mom wasn't working they were high or drunk, sometimes both. I'm a hypocrite; I would be lying through my teeth if I said I never smoked. I know, I know from the example I've had and the way I'm talking about Phil I should be completely against it. Walking around trying to ban it, I was 10 when I first tried it and with everything that had been going on in my life even at the mere age of 10, weed was my only escape. I don't exactly know what they plan after the honeymoon; I pray to god that Renee doesn't get pregnant. A child in that enviorment just isn't good at all trust me I know! I don't think Phil would want a kid to look after, I mean he's just getting rid of me. Although he never actually looked after me, I looked after myself! My dad, Charlie and by brother had been the only ones to actually care about me, even when my parents were together. A smile makes its way onto my face as I realize in less than 7 hours I will be with my twin brother once again. I love Emmett with all my heart, he's my rock. When my world comes crumbling down I know I can always count on my brother to get me back on my feet. We're only 7 minutes apart but he loves to consider me his little sister, little meaning years apart, last night when we talked on the phone he told me about his day and how he told his closest friends his little sister's finally coming back and this time for good. I'm not sure he ever mentioned to them we were twins. I had been both nervous and existed about seeing my father. Since my mom left with me 10 years ago he'd begged us to come back. At that age I didn't really understand what was going on I was only 7 when it happened. I was actually glad the fighting had stopped, but being the daddy's girl that I was I cried to have my father with me for the first 3 years. He was a workaholic and after everything that happened he dove into his work like his life depended on it, he is the Chief of Police, it's a well earned title if you ask me he put 10 years of his life in to it all while taking care of a 7 year old. After a while I realize me crying out to my father wasn't going to change anything, saying my parent's hate each other is an understatement. Every summer Emmett and I would both be sent to California to spend our vacation with our aunt Rachel seeing as our parents didn't even want to see one another in paintings. As my mother has so nicely said once she would rather " claw her eyes out" then have to even be in the same room as my father. The last time I saw him I was 11 and the phone calls stopped coming shortly after. Charlie had taken Emmett and me to Orlando during that summer and it ended in a huge argument with the other half of my family on the other side of the country. I swear if my dad was ever willing to sign the custody paper I would have been living on the other side of the world. I never really understood what had caused all the fighting. My mom was the typical house wife and my father was the provider, I wish I would have paid more attention. I spent the first 2 hours of the trip listening to my iPod and the other 5 sleeping. I was dreaming of running out of the airport and jumping into my bear of a brothers arms when I was awoken by the announcement of our landing. Clicking my seat belt tightly I absentmindedly began biting by nails. I had decided to let the pieces fall where they may and let my mom live her life the way she wanted, weather I liked it or not. I made my way out of the airplane along with all the other passengers, managing to trip only twice. I'm a complete klutz; I've never met anyone that can manage to fall over as much as I do. I can't walk across a flat surface without tripping once or twice. I took in a deep breath as I made my way out of the terminal. Just chill Bella, just breath! I wonder how it looked to the people at the seating area that saw me approached and turn three different shades of red! There stood my brother and my dad along with four other people holding a sign bigger than the doors of the airport itself that read " WELCOME HOME BELLA" all in capital letters. I thought about turning around and running into a bathroom to save myself the humiliation when Emmett looked my way, dropped his part of the sign and ran at me! I dropped my bags and waited for him, looking almost terrified. My brother is HUGE with a capital H! When he was finally close enough he grabbed me pulling me into his arms, holding me as if I was about to disappear. "Bella! God…your really here" Tears came to my eyes as he mumbled into my hair while hugging my brother back. I was feeling guilty; I could have tried harder to bring my family back together. "Em, I've missed you so much, I'm sorry, I'm so very sorry" He put me down on my feet keeping me at arm length, he had tears in his eyes as well "Sorry for what Bells? This isn't your fault! Don't you dear blame yourself for what's happened." He brushed my tears away with his thumb and lean down to kiss my forehead "I've missed you Bells, and I'm not letting anyone take you away from me again." He smiled at me, making me smile as well "Besides now I can bug you from just a room away" he said giving me his biggest grin I made my way over to my dad who had sat there watching the whole ordeal with tears in his eyes as well; as I got close I took slow hesitant steps before I was standing right in front of him. Neither of us said a word he looked me over and stretched his arms out to me "Daddy?" the word escaped my lips before I could even register what I was saying, Charlie took me in his arms and once again the water works returned. I hadn't seen my father since I was 11 and I never realized just how much I missed him until now He pulled away looking at me face "My baby girls all grown up" he said touching my hair before pulling me back into his embrace "I've missed you so much baby you have no idea, I'm sorry about everything, I'm sorry I never built-up enough courage to go and bring you back myself, God knows I wanted to." "dad it doesn't matter now, all that matters is that I'm here now, and I'm not going anywhere" Wiping away my tears and smiling at him " I missed you too dad, I love you" He mumbled I love you too before grabbing me once again We finally pulled away from each other as I remembered that my dad and brother weren't alone. "Um Em … who are they?" It may have come out a little rude, but there they were just looking at me holding a sign that had my name on it. Excuse me for being a little curious! There were four of them, a short girl about my age with spiky hair and green eyes, she was beautiful and I couldn't help but take a hit at my self esteem as I looked her over. She wore a smile that looked like it could light up the whole town. Attached to her hand was a blonde guy, her boyfriend I'm guessing, he looked hot but I couldn't help notice that he looked a little nervous. His blue eyes looked troubled and he looked around the airport until he found something that held his interest. I turned to see what he was staring at, although I don't know what he would find so interesting in airport chairs. On the other side of the girl stood another girl and if looking at the little pixie like girl was taking a hit to my self-esteem looking at this one was like chewing on a grenade and waiting for it to end me. She was gorgeous, blonde with blue eyes that matched the chair obsessed guy. She seemed to be smiling at something and I turned once more and noticed who that smile was directed at… My brother? I finally decided to look at the last one and when I did I instantly wished I could disappear, Jesus he was gorgeous! I don't know what it was, his green eyes, his bronze like sex hair, or the crocked smile on his face but all I wanted to do was throw myself in his arms and die a happy women. There is no way this guy is single! Jesus just look at him, he's