Has nothing to do with my other LOTR fic. Please enjoy, and know that 5 reviews per chapter are what keep my posting. rated M for later chapters. Mellon nins, even if your reviews are flames they give me a good laugh and something to read. I do not get offended by personal opinions. you should always share them if you have them. it's called free speech...or press in this case. Never had such a storm raged through a spring day. One moment it had been sunny and bright –a perfect day for travelers- and the next dark as night, rain so heavy it seemed to be pushing you into the ground. So heavy it was as if you were blind. It had pushed men off the streets of the city and into homes and stores to await the end of the intense storm. Which was partially the reason the tavern was so full of bodies. Nearing thirty men had taken to the bar or the tables to drink as they wait, drink aside the storm. Surprisingly, only a handful of them were drunk. They clung to the bar to support themselves as more and more ale was brought. Their slurred song rose high and loud echoing around the room as they swung back and forth in rhythm. It went something along the way of: " I was but a lonely travel'r And she was a quite a lovely maiden. Don't tell my wife, But this lovely maiden, I'm a' dating! –Very much slurred- The sober ones only laughed and waved them away. Despite the darkness outside, the tavern inside was brighten by lanterns –bright enough to read- that hung from the rafters. The smell of the tavern –cedar, sweat and ale- seemed to be seen by those lanterns, but truly it was only the dust that circled there. Near the window sat a table currently occupied by six travelers, the rain outside stained it black. A candle flickered in the middle, casting eerie shadows over half drank mugs of mead. It was four hobbits, a wizard and a man –a king- who at the time was dressed as a commoner. Frodo somewhat disturbed by the drunken song was gazing out the window as it was pounded relentlessly by the winds and rain. Aragorn whom sat nearest him had turned towards the bar and was laughing enthusiastically at the song, clapping his hands. At the end there was a cheer from the tavern and ale mugs toasted. Aragorn rose his too towards the bar with a hearty bellow of approval. Even Merry, Pippin and Sam were laughing at the drunken antics. Frodo just shook his head. "What plagues your mind, young Frodo?" the hobbit's eyes looked to the kind eyes of the wizard. Even though the elder had to shout for Frodo to hear over the clapping, bellowing of self-made songs and cheering –which in a part were made from the other hobbits and Aragorn- his voice was filled with gentleness. "I'm worried for our absent friends, Master Gimli and Legolas" his eyes shone the concern his voice hid. Gandalf laughed and puffed momentarily on his pipe. Frodo turned back to the window looking almost longingly into its depths. Gandalf realized he was looking at his own reflection. "I do hope they were not caught in this storm!" It was just then the door to the tavern swung open and the noise of the men were drown by the sound of roaring thunder and rain. A short bundle of cloaks struggled to close the storm behind him, finally –dripping wet- he made his way over to the table the friends sat at. The songs and voices continued on, but now Aragorn and the hobbits had set aside their provoking to watch the figure draw nearer. Finally as the bundle grew near it flung aside the cloaks, beard dripping Gimli shuddered off the rain like a dog and wiped the water off his sleeves messily with an audible grunt. "Blasted rain." Their eyes were full of smiles. "Master Gimli!" came the chorus of hobbit cries, all four flung themselves to him not caring that his –sticky with rain- beard clung to their faces as they embraced him. "Hello, lads…tis good to lay eyes on your smiling faces after all this time!" When the hobbits finally let go, Aragorn stood to embrace his friend, after a moment they offered him a set, which he struggled into. He took a drink greedily. "Tis good to see you, Master Dwarf" Gandalf said, silently toasting the return of his companion. Frodo's face was full of relief and pleasure. "And you, Wizard." "Say, Gimli. Where's Legolas?" it was Merry who spoke and the young hobbit found himself on the receiving end of many eyes, which he shifted uncomfortably under. "Aye, lad. Tis a good question." The silence at the table lasted a few moments, it was Aragorn whom spoke first. "What do you mean by that?" The dwarf was still attempting to ring out the remaining water in his long, rust colored hair. "I passed through Mirkwood on my journey here, but when I asked where the elf was they said the young Prince had left the day prior" Another puff of smoke from Gandalf's pipe festered in front of the graying wizard's face. "Surly he would have beat us here then, he should have arrived two days ago… if I do the math correctly." This time it was wizard who received the companies eyes, he met the gazes equally. "What if… what if his horse stumbled and fell?! Or he got attacked by Orcs?! Or he's injured somewhere!? Or-!" Aragorn slapped his hand on the table with a loud thud that shook Pippin from his rant. –Surly it would have gone on and on.- "Pippin! Forget not whom you're speaking of here! This is Legolas! He can take care of himself!" "Sure, lads! I'm sure he's fine!" they fell quite none admitting to the seed of worry that grew in the pits of their stomachs. Gandalf saw the fear in the eyes of his friends even as they turned their heads downwards to stare deep into the brown of their ale's. He waved his hand, scattering the smoke, to wave the topic away. "Come now, friends! We've all traveled to reunite! After all wasn't it this very week only a year ago that we succeed in destroying the ring?" their faces perked and Gimli slammed a fist on the table causing the mugs to tremor. "Aye, indeed it was!" "Now, now… if I remember correctly it was Master Frodo and me who destroyed it!" Sam piped up a gleeful, impish expression spreading across his face. "Nay-!" "Twas not, Sam!" "Hush, hobbit! Without us it would have been entirely impossible!" they lost track of whom was speaking in the frenzy of humorous bantering. Aragorn –enveloped in a large grin- reached across the table to ruffle Sam's hair, a blast of laughter overtook the table. Finally it died away. "So Aragorn? What of the Miss's?" Gimli said suddenly "how does the fate of marriage fare?" "Yes, Aragorn! What of your kingdom?" Frodo asked, eyes twinkling in enthusiastic interest. Aragorn chuckled and opened his mouth to speak only to be interrupted by a loud shout that pierced the song and sound of the tavern like a knife, it grew so quiet –so sudden- that their ears pounded. The door flung open, everyone strained to see. A fat man entered, and closed the door flamboyantly behind him with a flourish of his thick fingered, ringed hand. So many glittering, gaudy rings straddled his fingers it seemed to cover his knuckles completely. He was dressed in a dirty purple silk tunic, much of what a gypsy would wear. Greasy black hair hung low over his shoulders, peaking out of a wrinkled and tore hat. Despite rings on his fingers and the ring in his ear the man looked quite poor. He gave a greedy, sneer of a smile. He was so repulsive that the tavern reminded silent, unable to remove their eyes from him. He bowed low, fingers sweeping the ground. "Gentlemen" he purred. Blackened yellow teeth glittering in the lanterns. "I but a humble merchant, here to sell my goods this stormy day, would it hurt to give me but a moments worth of your valuable time?" the tavern reminded silent, finally a voice from the back: "What are you selling?" after that the man came alive, like the staring of a fire. The kindles took and ignited, the man smiled wider and stomped to the back where the man had spoken, throwing his arm around the shoulders of the speaker. "Thank you for inquiring, friend!" Aragorn snorted in humor at the man's exaggerated antics and shared an exasperated look with his companions. "In fact, tonight…I'm selling company!" it took a moment for the tavern to understand, the mummers and whispers engulfed the room, disbelief. "Company?" Gimli thundered eyes wide "as in…" "That's correct, Dwarf! As in Bed Chamber slaves!" the tavern fell silent once again as their disbeliefs were confirmed, Gandalf –appalled- had had enough. "Hobbits, friends…we are leaving" he stood, the fat man threw his hands up in surrender, eyeing the elder suspiciously, the creases in his tunic shimmering. He stood in front of the wizard who was a good two heads above him. "Hold fast, my friend. No harm was intended! At least see my slave! That is all I ask! Just see!" Gandalf shook his head, grey hair swinging. The wizard looked down, the hobbits hiding behind his cloak, Aragorn and Gimli stood near eyeing the seller as well. "No…thank you, man. Move aside" a clap. "Men!" the fat man ignored the request to move aside, he clapped his hands once again loudly –it matched the thunder-. The door swung open again and two more men entered, dragging another. The men of the tavern stared wide eyed as the two new men dragged a man to his feet, a burlap sack over the slaves head. Thick rusting chains wrapped around the man's wrists and ankles rendering the man's movement nil. His top ware bare, leggings hanging loose and dangerously low on his hips, shoes well gone. The cuts and bruises that littered the torso of the bare man's pale chest resembled finger marks and whip slashes. And what was worse…bite marks. More gasps. Merry whimpered and Pippin grabbed his arm reassuringly. "A man? You try and sell us no woman, but a MAN?" the tavern tried to protest as one, not a single woman resided in the drinking room. "That poor fool" Aragon whispered, eyes horrified. "This makes me sick…Gandalf I wish to leave please " the wizard tore his eyes from the slave –whom was too weak to stand on his own- and eyed the hobbits with pity. "Aye, lads. As do I" they made their way towards the door, as they turned their backs to the men there was a gasp so loud it froze them in their steps. The gasp was one of pleasure, not horror as it had been before. They turned back out of curiosity. The burlap sack had been pulled away, as it was drawn over and away from the head thick, blonde hair spilled out over pointed ears. A soiled, bruised, dried bloodied face lolled sideways softly, lips thin, pale and parted. The man fastened a gag around the lips hiding them. Throughout all the brutality inflicted on the poor elf, he still shimmered in beauty. The fat man placed a hand under the unconscious slave's chin and directed his face towards the bar. Frodo, the only –of the fellowship-whom could see recognized him immediately. He muttered horrified "Legolas!" Gimli blinked as he too recognized his friend. He opened his mouth to bellow but Aragorn slapped a hand over the dwarf's mouth "No, Gimli! Say not his name! They must not know who he is…especially that he is