A/N: This fic is one part of the History Will Be Kind To Me universe. Both this and The Road Goes Ever On and Tales From Arda all take place in the same alternate universe and frequently crossover. You will see characters or things from both of those fics appear/mentioned in this one. It's all one giant tangled ball of yarn. Have fun untangling it. :) EDIT: Yep. I rewrote it. Again…don't look at me like that. I much prefer this chapter over the old one. I'm actually rewriting all the current chapters so they mesh together better and don't sound so goddamned hurried. Also I'm implementing a new structure to the story. Odd-numbered chapters (i.e. 1, 3, 5, etc) will be entirely from Alice's POV whereas even-numbered chapters (i.e. 2, 4, 6, etc) will be from Celírion's POV. Just a head's up. You may have also recently noticed the rating has changed from 'T' to 'M'. This is to cover all of the foul language (Alice has a fondness for the word 'fuck' and its many iterations) and possible (but not guaranteed) sexual situations that may or may not be coming up later on. Also violence. There's going to be a lot of that soon enough. If you'd like to see how far the chapters for this story are coming along, check my profile. I update it every time I make progress or post something. History Will Be Kind To Me From Lands Beyond "Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did." - George Carlin 01. Surprise! The Field of Celebrant, 2998 of the Third Age Once, when she was nine, Alice had gotten lost in the woods on a school camping trip. As it turned out, this was not like that. In fact, it was worse . Jesus Alice, what rabbit hole have you fallen down this time? A very grassy one apparently. Somewhere to her left she could spy mountains off in the distance but otherwise it was nothing but endless yellow stalks as far as the eye could see. It reminded her of Montana…not that she'd actually ever been to Montana…unless this was Montana? For what had to have been the thousandth time, Alice felt the wheres, whys, and hows begin to resurface in her mind with a feeling nearly akin to panic before she savagely squashed them down again. She'd had quite enough of nervous breakdowns today thankyouverymuch. It seemed like all she'd done since waking up here was cry uncontrollably. Which, to be fair, was completely understandable. Unfortunately her triumphant moment of self-control lasted all of half a second as she turned her eyes to the horizon and took notice of the saffron-stained sky. As she watched the sun sink ever so slowly into the east she felt a heavy sense of dread begin to coil alarmingly in the pit of her stomach. It would be dark soon. And she was alone. Alone and afraid and half-naked . Stupidly, Alice wondered why she hadn't gone to bed in one of the myriad of pajama bottoms that sat unused in the corner of her underwear drawer. At least then she wouldn't be sitting in the middle of nowhere in just a raggedy t-shirt and her underwear. Seriously, from now on it was pajama bottoms all the way. No excuses. The sun sank further, bleeding into the horizon like an omen. It was that image that stayed with her and followed her into her dreams as the encroaching night finally swallowed the sun whole. The following morning Alice awoke to a massive crick in her neck, a plethora of bug-bites (that she had to resolutely force herself not to scratch), and a firm sense of fortitude and optimism which she had most definitely not had the day before. Then again, a parched throat and a grumbling stomach could be exceedingly powerful motivators. Okay. Time to put your best foot forward. No more moping. Unfortunately her best foot forward stepped on a rather pointy rock and made her realize (after quite a lot of agonized swearing) that she wasn't going anywhere without some form of footwear. Which is how Alice ended up spending the better part of the morning wrestling with her t-shirt as she ripped off the sleeves and finagled them into pseudo-sandals. Granted they barely provided the same protection as her cheap foam flip-flops back home but they were also better than nothing at all. Eat your heart out Martha Stewart . As it turned out she didn't have to go far to find water. There was a stream a few hundred yards away and neither thought of dysentery or cholera could stop her from lapping up the water like an animal. She figured she could regret the decision later when she suddenly started vomiting up her intestines. Her thirst abated, Alice finally gave her surroundings a better look. Sure, she'd stared at it all day yesterday, but most of that staring had really just been her gazing at nothing as she wondered how the hell she could be looking at it in the first place . For the most part it was all the same as she'd saw before: sparse yellow plains that stretched into the horizon and rolling hills and towering mountains behind her. Oh it was all very beautiful, to be sure, though more in a I-would-much-rather-be-staring-at-this-on-a-postcard kind of way than a let's-take-an-unexpected-half-naked-hike-through-the-mostly-grassy-wasteland kind of way. What she hadn't noticed during her initial observation yesterday though, was that there was a splash of green near the base of the mountains. A forest perhaps? It was hard to tell, which meant it was probably miles away. Still… Well, it wasn't like she was going to find food out in this wasteland. If there was anything edible nearby it had to be where green things were growing. Green was good…right? Alice's stomach grumbled, as if in affirmation. Towards the blurry green shape it is then . Except, as she soon discovered, it wasn't nearly that easy. I'm never going to complain about walking in heels again. Even high-heels would be preferable to walking across the open plan in what basically amounted to rags tied around her feet. Even with her tiptoeing across the ground like she was playing the-floor-is-lava, every step was met with a grimace as rocks poked against her soles and dry grass scratched at her bare legs. And that wasn't the only problem… It was hot . The sun was high in the sky now and it had begun to beat upon her mercilessly. Her skin, though dark, was not impervious to sunlight (as a rather obnoxious girl in elementary school had once seemed to think) and Alice knew that soon she would be sporting a rather uncomfortable red hue to it in the foreseeable future. Miserably, she wiped at the sweat dripping into her eyes and scanned the hillside before her and then back to the stream she'd left behind. By her rough guesstimate…she's only gotten about as far as the length of a football field…maybe even a football field and a half …though perhaps that was too generous an estimate and she was only trying to make herself feel better. Alice sighed despairingly …This is going to take a while . "Owowowowwwwwww!" Alice moaned, the sound of her voice closer to that of a wounded animal than anything she would normally recognize as her own. Her foot twitched as she poked as a particularly angry looking blister and she hissed through her teeth. She decided then and there that she really hated walking. As soon as she got back home, she was going to invest in hover-chairs. Gingerly, she stretched her legs out and looked out from her perch atop a rock embedded in the hillside, watching the sun sink ever westward. She glanced north, towards the patch of green. She wasn't quite sure it had gotten any bigger, but at least she couldn't see her stream anymore (though there were a few more here at the base of the hills, trickling down from the mountains which at least meant she wouldn't go thirsty) which meant Alice was most definitely farther than a football field and a half from where she started. That was progress at least. Not that she would be moving any further today. Her feet ached just at the mere thought of any more walking. No, she was definitely done for the day. God , but she was tired . Alice had never been a particularly athletic girl by any stretch of the imagination, but she had always thought she wasn't really out of shape either. Guess this whole adventure cleared that up. Sore and exhausted, she slid down the rock to curl up at its base and swiped irritably at the bugs attempting to nest in her hair. The grass made for a scratchy bed, though she imagined it was better than sleeping on the rock itself which at the moment was now serving as her only form of shelter against the howling wind. In the distance, a very different kind of howling joined the sound of the wind whistling over her rock. Alice froze, suddenly all too aware of her perilous position alone with only the stars for company. Seeking to distract herself from the thought of predators prowling in the night, she instead focused on the hollow pang in her stomach, letting it ground her. She hadn't eaten in two days now. Grimly, she wondered if she would even make it to the forest before she collapsed from exhaustion and malnutrition. Or perhaps the wolves would get her before then? Tear her limb from limb to feed their own hungry bellies? A shiver of foreboding slithered up her spine at the thought. Shaken, Alice studied the changing shade of the sky above, now a brilliant burnt orange color that was quickly fading into a deep indigo. She could already spy the stars peeking out, their light shining past the leftover haze left in the sun's wake. As the last shred of daylight leeched from the sky she could only marvel as the Milky Way slowly came into full view. A dazzling riot of color and light unlike anything she had ever seen before, with its swirling nebulae and varied dappled stars crying out for her attention. Growing up under the smog of Boston, she'd only ever been able to glimpse the brightest of stars, enough to trace out the Big Dipper or Orion's Belt but nothing like this . As she marveled though a queer feeling settled uncomfortably in her gut. It took Alice a while to figure out what unsettled her…and then it hit her. The constellations were gone. Well, not gone , but definitely wrong . The Big Dipper was nowhere to be found, nor its smaller cousin, or Orion. Draco, Sagittarius, Hercules, she couldn't find any of them. That's weird . Thoroughly disturbed, Alice slept little that night, dreaming of a picnic that never ended under a ever-changing sky. As it turned out, walking for hours on end was a rather boring experience. It was just her here after all and Alice had yet to see a single sign of civilization. For a while she tried reciting Shel Silverstein poems to herself. She wouldn't dare touch anything darker than that lest she'd cause herself to spiral into hysterics again. Apparently though Shel Silverstein was a lot darker than she'd originally thought because… "…Ickle Me, Pickle Me, Tickle Me too Never returned to the world they knew, And nobody knows what's happened to Dear Ickle Me, Pickle Me, Tickle Me too." …On second thought…perhaps it was time for some tasteless pop music? "I'm the operator, you can call anytime I'll be your connection to the party line." Ah. Much better. And so her day went, interspersed with the occasional bad pop song to distract her from the slowly climbing