Just a note to everyone before you start reading this story I want to tell you that I've written this in British English , so things will be spelt differently than they are in America. Words like gray, mom, color... Ect, are spelt like grey, mum colour. Just wanted to let you all know that any words spelt differently are just the way the British spell them. Chapter 1 Rose closed her Charms book with a soft snap and sat back in her chair, grateful that it was finally over. She rubbed her tired eyes, trying to stay awake just long enough for her to pack up her things, then she could head off to bed and get the good night's sleep she longed for. She leant back in her chair, stretching and covering her mouth with her hand as she yawned. Glancing down at the old silver watch that was strapped to her wrist, she sighed. It was nearly midnight. Rose stood up and started to roll up her newly finished Charms essay and mentally cursed herself once again for forgetting that the essay was due the next day. She never forgot to do homework but somehow this essay had completely slipped her mind and if Ashley, one of her dorm mates, hadn't mentioned it at the last moment Rose would have walked it to Charms without her homework. It wouldn't have really mattered so much if it was just a normal essay but, of course, the one time Rose forgot her homework was with an important essay that would affect her grade quite a bit. With everything Rose had going on theses days, she wasn't surprised that she had forgotten her homework. What with Perfect duties, Quidditch, advanced classes, tutoring younger students, volunteering to help the professors, working with Hagrid, and keeping an eye on her cousin Albus and his idiot friend Scorpius Malfoy, she had quite a lot on her plate. She knew that soon she won't be able to keep up with everything but she wasn't one to back down from a challenge so she was still trying to balance everything out. Rose promised herself that if she forgot any more important homework she would drop a few of the many things she was doing, though what she was going to let go was beyond her. "Dammit," Rose whispered as she dropped a few quills on the floor, which promptly rolled under her table. She got down on her hands and knees and crawled under the table after her quills. She had just grabbed the last one that had rolled under the chair opposite to the one Rose had sat in when she heard voices and the soft sound of feet on the stairs. Rose froze and peaked out from under the red table cloth. The voices grow slightly louder along with the sound of footsteps and Rose soon figured out that they were coming from the boy's staircase. Her eyes narrowed and she let out a frustrated breath as two boys stepped into the common room, the dying light of the fire illuminating their faces. Albus Potter and Scorpius Malfoy stood, both dressed in matching black cloaks and boots. Rose felt like hexing her cousin and his moron friend. Judging by their clothes they hadn't come down to the common room to sit around the fire roasting marshmallows while talking about the good old days, no they were both obviously going to sneak out after curfew to cause more trouble. "Good, no one's awake," Albus said quietly glancing around the common room. "Of course no ones awake. It's the middle of the night and there's school tomorrow, which is why it's the perfect time for this," Malfoy said smirking, Rose had to resist hexing that smirk off his face. "Absolutely perfect, this is going to be awesome," Al said chuckling as they started to walk across the common room, toward the portrait hole. Malfoy suddenly gave a soft laugh, making Al look at him. "What?" He questioned, confused by his friend's laughter. "I was just thinking about what Weasley would do if she caught us now," Malfoy obviously found the thought very funny. "Proburly skin us alive," Al said also letting out a laugh " Then she'd lecture us for an hour and ignore us for a week or two" This was, in fact, exactly what Rose would have done and it annoyed her to no end that they knew her so well. Rose didn't hear what Malfoy said next because they had climbed out of the portrait hole and were closing it gently behind them. Rose scrambled out from under the table just as the door closed, grabbing her cloak that was hanging over the back of her chair, she ran to the portrait hole, throwing the cloak on over her school robes as she went. Very quietly Rose climbed through the hole and opened the portrait, she could just make out the retreating backs of Albus and Malfoy in the dark. She hopped out into the hall and was instantly grateful for her cloak as she was hit with the icy blast of the hall. She closed the portrait hole door and was relieved to see that the fat lady wasn't in her frame, which meant she wouldn't see Rose leaving past curfew. Hugging her cloak tightly around herself Rose took off after the boys. Being a Prefect she couldn't just sit back and let them cause trouble, no matter how tired she was. The halls were cold like always, the freezing November air seemed to just pour in from the cracks and gaps in the stone making every corridor just as cold as it was outside the walls. Rose stayed in the shadows making sure to keep out of sight and never venturing into the light the lit torches provided. She followed the two boys from a distance ducking into hiding spots or classrooms when either one of them looked over their shoulders or around them. They didn't meet anyone as they walked quickly through corridors and down stairs and Rose found it strange that they didn't bump into any prefects on patrol since there was supposed to be quite a few walking around the castle making sure people like Albus and Malfoy weren't up to trouble. After about ten minutes the boys stopped in front of the large stained glass window close to the Great Hall. From where she stood hidden Rose could just make out the doors leading into the Great Hall along with the hourglasses that held the house points, which were glowing faintly in the dark. Both boys looked up at the large stained window and Rose did the same. She had always loved that window, it was very beautiful with two large white unicorns both on their hind legs with their heads bowed slightly and their horns just touching at the tips. Their manes flowing magnificently down their necks with golden strands of hair mixed in with the glowing white ones. Rose picked up on what the boys were doing before they even got started, having known Albus since birth, and she felt anger rise up inside her. They were planning on transfiguring the beautiful window and though Rose had no doubt that what they changed it to would very funny she wasn't going to let them ruin such a wonderful stained glass window just for their own entertainment. Albus raised his wand saying something to Malfoy as he did so, both of them grinning like the idiots they were. "Albus Severus Potter. You get away from that window this minute!" Rose demanded quite loudly as she stepped out of the shadows, her brilliantly blue eyes sparking with anger as she glared at them. Albus and Malfoy both jump when Rose spoke and from that alone, she knew they hadn't known she had followed them. Al whipped around to confront whoever had spoken and took a slight step back when he caught sight of Rose. He knew that when her eyes sparked with anger like that, he was in trouble. "Rosie!" He greeted cheerfully, grinning nervously at Rose as he quickly hid his wand behind his back. Rose's eyes narrowed, Al only called her that when he was trying either to look innocent or to get Rose to do his homework. "Don't you 'Rosie' me Albus Potter. I know what you two were doing" Rose said as she walked towards the two boys. Malfoy and Albus shared a look then turned back to Rose. "Whatever do you mean Weasley?" Malfoy asked, his voice as calm and collected as ever. While Malfoy faked looking innocent and slightly confused and did a good job at it. Albus looked like a scared cat, he had never been very good at masking his emotions. "Don't play games Malfoy, one look at Albus' face tells me you were up to something and I have a pretty good guess as to what that was" Rose and Malfoy glared at each other for a minute before he huffed and said. "Fine" Knowing that it was useless to argue. "Twenty points from Gryffindor for being out past curfew. I would take another ten from each of you if you had damaged that window but seeing as you technically didn't do anything other then leave the dorm after hours I won't" Rose said and Albus and Malfoy glare at her. "Come on Rose, twenty points" Al moaned as he watched the red rubies fly out of the Gryffindor hourglass. Making them only five points ahead of Slytherin, but still in the lead. "You should be glad it isn't more," Rose snapped "If I were a teacher you'd both get detentions, your lucky it's me and not the Head Mistress I hear she not very happy with you two" Albus and Malfoy had been given detention so many times over the years that Rose had lost count. They were both constantly up to trouble, it seemed like not one day went by without them blowing up something or pranking other student or sometimes even teachers. They were not alone in their trouble-making, at the start of their first year at Hogwarts both Malfoy and Albus had joined the Gremlins. The Gremlins were a sort of gang at Hogwarts, only a select few were in the group and it was considered a great honour to be counted as one of them. The Gremlins was started by Ted Lupin back when he was at Hogwarts and when he left it had just continued on so that even though he had been gone from Hogwarts for more than six years the group still existed. It consisted of ten members, most of whom were either a Weasley or a Potter but there were a few others. Rose was constantly stopping some of their smaller pranks, much to their annoyance, so she was used to sneaking out past hours after them but unlike them, she was allowed to be out past hours since she was a prefect. "I suggest you both get back to the common room before you both get caught outside after hours," Rose said her eyes still sparkling with anger. "Yes Ma'ma," Malfoy said sarcastically earning him a piercing glare from Rose. Togeather the three started to walk back to Gryffindor common room, Rose walking slightly behind the two boys. All the way there Al was grumbling under his breath about how Rose was over reacting and how she wasn't any fun, she just ignored him. Rose glanced down at her watch again and saw that there were only about ten to fifteen minutes until midnight. "Wonderful," Rose said in a low voice. "It's almost midnight and instead of being asleep right now I'm out here keeping you two skrewts from ruining school property" Malfoy stopped and turned to Rose faster than she thought humanly possible. "Love, no one asked you to come out here and follow us, you