Vampires have taken over. Bella was a part of an underground team of vampire slayers. Sent off to eliminate the Volturi and the rest of the vampires, she was captured mid-mission, along with the rest of her group. Now, the pack is sent to complete the mission and return home, but Jacob has something else in mind. "You sent in my daughter. You assured me she would be fine. 'Nothing's gonna happen. They were trained for combat. She'll be fine.' Bullshit! Now, she's probably dead. They're all probably dead." Charlie hung his head. First he loses his wife to the bloodsuckers, and now his daughter was taken away. Her transmission signal got cut just six hours prior. In their secret bunker, most of the population in their area survived. Using old fallout shelters from the cold war, families were able to hide, survive, and interact using old tunnels and plans. Extensions were made and life was able to continue without setting foot above ground. Until medicine or food runs low, in which case special teams are sent out to retrieve the needed supplies. Bella was a part of a secret task force. They were running out of resources and the council was getting desperate to end the madness. She, along with other volunteers, trained to kill vampires and were sent above ground to eliminate the main threat. Since the surfacing of the vampires, the entire world lived in fear of the cold ones. Once Seattle was attacked, Forks gathered all those that were willing to leave their homes and helped create a life for everyone underground. Those unwilling met their end once the vampires migrated. "She was safe! Something must have happened after she went up. I'm sorry Charlie." Billy didn't know what to say. Bella was like a daughter to him after losing communication with his own daughters. After the Seattle invasion, all the tribes and surrounding towns went underground. He never had a chance to say goodbye. Rachel was at school and never phoned or emailed in the first place. Last he heard, Rebecca had married a surfer, but that was years ago. His best friend's daughter was one of the many volunteers willing to leave their safe haven in hopes to end the madness. He didn't know what he would say to Jacob now. Jacob wanted to leave with her. Help with the effort group. He trained alongside Bella and went over all their shared knowledge of cold ones. Yet, after signing up, his file was pulled for the roster. Jacob wasn't eighteen yet. Bella had to leave without him. Billy could not handle two hopeless men, especially when those two were the strongest that he knew. "Let's move chief. We have a council meeting to attend." He picked his friend up and together they walked through the well-worn tunnels of the underground. "We'll figure something out. There has to be something-" "Don't even start with that. We've lost so many volunteers already." "But some reappear and make it home." "Not the lost ones." "Don't be a pessimist, things can work out." … "Systems still run proficiently and we're at an all-time high in health since first going underground. Our medics are peer training and sharing their experiences. And the remaining Forks doctors have agreed to help train volunteer nurses and anyone interested in the relief work." "Thank you, Sue." During their council meeting, the reservation's council along with Forks's officials get together and share progress reports, losses, ideas, and anything of importance. Council members' most trusted are welcome to sit in. "Regarding our last volunteer team," Billy looked to his wife and son seated down the table before continuing, "we've lost all connectivity." Several gasps were heard around the room. Silence followed so Billy decided it was time for a recap. "Since the surfacing, volunteers were trained and sent out for what was needed for everyone. The last group sent out was on a mission to find the leaders of the cold ones, eliminate the threat and return home. We hoped that after this, we could kill off the cold ones one by one and return to our home above ground. Make our home safe again." "Last we checked, volunteers were safe, healthy, and on the right track. They located the lead cold ones. They call themselves the Volturi. They got information found a cold one, Bree or something. We have their location in Seattle. On the second day of their journey there, we lost all signal." "They're gone." Charlie's voice resonated through the room. This was the first anyone in the room had heard of this. The team was trained and well prepared. They had enough supplies and arms for the trip. Each team sent out had stake launchers, lighters, infrared gear, and armored from head to toe. They thought it was impossible for something to happen. "What now? We're gonna go find them, right?" Jacob stood up and faced the council members. He looked at the faces of the tribe's elders, the pack, and Forks' officials. "Since when do we rescue our volunteers? They knew the terms of their service. Sending a rescue team puts more people at risk and keeps us from the real task!" Deputy Ryans rebutted. "We need another team, just as prepared, going straight to the lead vampires." "You're going to let them die-" "Jacob! Enough!" Billy boomed. "He's right. We've never sent a rescue team before because of the dangers involved. We need to think of our people." Jacob slowly sat back down and took the hand of his shaking mother. Sarah never liked attending the meetings but Billy always insisted she did. She didn't like hearing of all the deaths, she felt isolated from the world as it was. "Those are our people! Bella was on that team." He sounded defeated. Jacob would have begged Bella to stay if he knew he wasn't going to be able to go, too. He didn't want to lose her. After the surfacing, the wolf-gene finally activated. Those that carried the gene shifted the day the cold ones migrated into Forks and La Push. The pack members and their families were moved into isolated bunkers away from the rest of the population to keep from hurting others. Tempers ran short from that point on. All council members are aware of the pack, as well as anyone allowed to sit in during meetings. Some were more accepting of the pack than others. Bella remained Jacob's closest friend. Her presence soothed him. Isolation made living underground feel like hell to the pack. Having a friend nearby made it all bearable. This made letting go of Bella the hardest thing Jacob had to do. "A stronger team is what we need." Charlie stood to address the room. "We need an elite team. Not just trained for this. Born for this. The wolves were born for this." Billy couldn't believe his ears. They had all agreed that the wolves wouldn't be sent out. The Pack has never worked together as a team. With no room or opportunity to explore their wolf form, there was no way they could run or fight cold ones. Anytime a pack member shifted, they were tranquilized until calm enough to shift back. Wolves underground are unpredictable. "Charlie, I don't think-" "We're out of options, Billy! Face it. We're running out of volunteers. No one wants to be sent to their death. The pack was meant to fight vampires, not be caged away and denied their birthrights. Either we send the pack or we draft. Imagine the chaos then." "Charlie shouldn't we ask them if they want to risk their lives?" Sue prompted. She didn't know if she could handle her children leaving her. Her husband, Harry, died of a heart attack months prior. Both her children phased after that. They all experienced rough times, but being sent above ground might traumatize them further. "We'll ask them now. Now's the time to do it." Charlie left his seat and walked to the front of the room so he could make eye contact with each pack member. "Seeing as you're all here, I can't think of a better place to ask this of you all. We need to end this. Who's willing to help?" There was a short silence before the words really sunk in. "Go above ground?" "We get to fight them?" "We'll get killed!" "We haven't been allowed to phase and now you want us to fight?" "None of us have the training!" "Shut it!" Jacob was completely willing to risk his life. Not just to end the cold ones, but to find Bella. If they could all agree to go, he knew he could find her. There's no way she's dead. He would have felt it. They always had a connection they couldn't explain. "Are you all planning on sitting on your asses for the rest of your life? You're going to stay here and do nothing?" They're all scared and unsure. Leah and Seth already faced so much with their father's passing. Quil never liked being isolated in a separate bunker. Embry and Paul had it rough with their drunk mothers. Jared was handling his life better than the rest, but even he lost his patience. And Sam was on his own, save for Leah. They were childhood friends that grew apart. They didn't move. They didn't say anything. This was a lot to take in and they all knew it. "We can try to end this and go back to our lives from before. I'm fighting, but I can't do this alone." "I'm in." "Seth!" "Dad would want us to Lee. He didn't die for us to live like this." "I'm in. Emb?" "I'm in, too." Quil and Embry were always inseparable, and this case was no different. "I've got nothing to lose," Paul morbidly added. With a glance at each other, they knew they had to. They wouldn't leave them to go alone. Sam and Jared both agreed to join. Jacob is going to attempt the impossible: find Bella and kill the Volturi. "You've got yourself a wolf pack, Charlie." "Pet, bring me the O-neg." The sickly sweet voice rang. Bella could always hear their shrill tones underlying all the formalities. "And actually make the trip there and back. We don't want a repeat of the last incident." The sour blonde chuckled. Bella was defeated. Her team was ambushed at night while she was on guard. Everyone was taken directly to the Volturi. Their fates were decided, and only Bella survived. Bella slowly walked to the basement. During her first few days here, she learned that a house full of vampires was no place for clumsy mistakes. " Child, warm me an AB positive please, I've had a long day." Esme is the kindest of all of them. She actually looked apologetic every time she asked for something of Bella. " Of course, Esme." Bella hastily turned towards the basement and jogged down to the cellar. The family kept a fully stocked fridge with each blood type. She wondered where they got all the blood but decided she was in no hurry to find out. As she closed the fridge, she cut herself on the lining on the inside of the door. "Shit." Loud banging on a door above, yelling, and snarling pursued. " Jasper, no!" " That's her blood, she must have cut herself." " Don't move, girl! Unless you're okay with dying." A booming laughter reached her ears. She didn't move, and remained silent. She didn't even notice when it stopped. She stared at her cut finger and all the blood that spilled: maybe a couple of drops, nothing major. Her wound was the size of a paper cut, but apparently, still enough to set someone off. Bella had no idea how she was surviving her fate. The others were killed before her eyes. She was shuffled around the state until she was dumped at