Your time is limited. So don't go wasting it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma, Which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of other people's opinions drown out Your own inner voice. And most important, Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition, They somehow already know what you Truly want to become. Everything else is secondary. -Steve Jobs, 2005 Chapter 1- Into the unexpected Beating, throbbing spatters of amber gold slid across my skin as my eyes crunched together; squirming under their peach umbrellas from the warm rays beating down on them. Slightly wet hair was pressed like matted fur over my beaded forehead, sticky and damp as though tears had plaited themselves in my hair, nestling comfortably there, bundled together in the sleepy heat of the summer. I ran a hand through it, sighing out some cool, musty air, and in return, swallowing a thick chunk of humid oxygen. I loved and hated summertime's; they were always so unpredictable, so annoyingly inconsistent, unexplainably beautiful, as upbeat and sombre as the tune of a piano. The unexpectedness both exhilarated me and cast me down as though I were a leaf being beaten by the wind's savage mood swings. Only minutes ago it had been awful- the sky had been a horrible swelling black, rain beating down on the small car I was squashed in- throwing me across some sort of road and now- Now, the sun was blistering, the air thick and humid, the beaten grey motorway sweating beautifully out a rainbow tinted wave of gloom up into the air, engulfing the barbed breeze in its sodden jaws. I couldn't complain though, it had brought a grin to my face, thinking of the bumbling little weather man who had so proudly rambled about the sun definitely coming out today, whilst everyone I'd met had complained saying he was wrong as usual. I smiled inwardly, I hoped wherever he was, he was making a toast to himself with a well deserved, if not rewarding, smile on his face. The humidity was the worst thing about the sudden change though, according to the coffee and tea stained thermometer, nibbled and as dog eared after being written all over in a consuming marker pen, it was only twenty something Celsius, but I felt so fevered that for a moment I deluded myself that my skin had peeled off and the car's pathetic yellow light that despondently flickered had suddenly erupted dangerously into brutal red light; making me swelter like a chicken in the oven. My badly picked clothes, although baggy and several sizes too big; most of them men's clothing I had thrown into the basket with some spare money, were so warm they were sticking to me like a swarm of bees to honey. But I wasn't even sweating; I could just feel the imaginary bugs crawling with their blisteringly warm legs all over my skin. I yawned from the sleepy warmth, removing my hand from where it had been stuck to the steering wheel to rub my eyes before dropping it back lamely to where it had been; eyes slipping drowsily beneath their pale blankets and dark bed post eyelashes for a few moments before snapping back open to watch the sweltering road. I sighed, reaching backwards to grab a drink from the rucksack messily thrown on the back of the backseat. I was only then I realised, which I should have earlier, that there was a head resting comfortably on top of the bag, grinning at it, tongue dangling out, sighing out smiling pants for air. "Freddie." I half laughed, half sighed through dry, sticky, cracked lips. A giggle that dropped into a gruff bark chimed over from the back of the car where I was still reaching back to with one hand; and I half expected a parade of more to follow, mischievous and loud- but no such party danced into the car. My bright grey eyes walked up to the blinding gleam of the dusty, grubby mirror hanging from the ceiling of the car, making me squint under the intense glare it threw back at me- but finally after a ridiculous staring match, it dimmed and I caught sight of the sandy coloured ball of fluff sat quite comfortably on the admittedly catastrophically arranged arrangement of plastic bags brimming with 'emergency food' (comfort food really, but nobody needed to know that) and more badly picked clothes and several chewed, destroyed, mangled dog toys. I snapped by arm back from the gap between the two front chairs, away from the soft but rough wisps of fur my fingers had tangled in, concentrating on the keeping the wheel in the right position and the car preferably not upside down in a ditch. A small bark that was similar to a laugh burst out from behind me and I rolled my eyes, catching the sight of my dog, Freddie, drowsily rubbing his eyes with his huge paws, tongue still hanging out of his mouth. "Silly dog." I mumbled. A smile sleepily plastered itself on his face and his wagged his tail cheekily at me, grinning- fangs glistening in the igneous plaits of sunlight flowing through the window like marble statues, and he barked again; a defiant expression fixing itself onto his already rascally face. I caught sight of him wiggling his bottom and tail in a notion of either happiness or restlessness, panting and I felt a pang of guilt nestle in my chest, whilst usually during the day he loved being in the car, muzzle pressed joyfully against the window watching the streaks of colour and bursts of green signs dance by; but in the heat and humidity of the sudden weather change he was beginning to get, like me, restless and uncomfortable under the scalding hand of the weather. It didn't feel right to keep him locked up in the car for much longer in this humidity, and I scanned the road for signs for my destination, but nothing came up- just the same rolling farmland that had been sweeping by for the past hour- except now the barley was golden instead of a vomit like brown. Yawning I peered over at the dog-eared map neatly placed on the seat beside me, with a few things sliding over it like a chewed biro pen and my old, equally dog-eared MP3 player, and I glanced down at the huge blob of neon orange highlighter I had circled around the point with the tiny words stating PORT ANGELES It was only a few miles away, so, deciding it would be better to press on; I pushed my foot down on the gas pedal and listened to the engine rumble and mutter angrily as the car trembled into life in the sticky heat, just as listless as me, and trundled forward. The grogginess of the car, and its squeaking groans and clunks and clangs of its metal sighing in the heat, trying to breathe in the blubbery, glutinous air, puffing out curls of grey smoke- coughing and choking as though it were a smoker of some disgusting cigarette. I rolled down the window, and through the movement of the car, warm but still cooling air flooded the car; drowning both Freddie and I in a wonderful breeze that seemed to eat away the sticky feeling on my clothes, sliding across my skin with a graceful iciness like a snobby queen; leaving a messy trail of Goosebumps on my skin, buzzing and tingling with relief from the blisters of warmth. Freddie's face lit up in the mirror and he began wagging his tail excitedly, barks of laughter tumbling from his muzzle, the mountain on which he resided, which could not be described any better than crap wobbling as he did so precariously. I could understand his joy at the window being rolled down and the breeze; If I were not driving, I'd probably burst into hysterical laughter in relief from the heat, and although usually his barking would have grated on me in such a stressful stickiness of a summer, I couldn't deny a young dog his joy that I too was feeling. However, our joy was quickly wiped out, as the car trundled into Port Angeles in the next hour and a half, the weather shockingly withdrew its sunny smile and diminished into rain. And lots of it. As quickly as the sun, the humidity, the baking alive feeling had arrived, it disappeared into the rain clouds, as though it had never happened; and I had to pinch myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming, that I hadn't actually deluded myself, that I hadn't been wishing so much for sun- which was ridiculous, I hated any kind of humidity- that my body and mind had granted me that one selfish wish and made me think it was hotter than it was. Of course, Freddie's barks and the explosions of rain through the open window onto my map brought me back to reality, and in a panic, as the car squealed to a halt in the gas station; I grabbed the map, clutching it to my chest as I tried to fold it up back into the precise square it had once been, giving up after a few minutes, squashing it into the rucksack which Freddie had leapt off, whining in a plea to escape the still sticky car. I groaned, noticing the streaks of orange highlighter on my stubby fingers, not that having messy hands was much of an surprise to me, it was just I knew the same thing would have happened to the map; and it would now be sobbing orange tears until it dried. I peered out of the window, the whole car rattling under the vicious beating of the rain and I noticed a man; dressed in a dull, boring suit scuttle over- a what should have been professional but instead tacky looking umbrella gripped above his balding head, where streaks of jet black hair still clung over in a now drenched comb-over, his chubby face drawn out in boredom and distress of having to be outside in such surprising weather. He balled his equally chubby hand up into a gentle fist and knocked on the window, which I drew down as quickly as I could; but it was difficult to as the glass slid down, the remaining memories of the warm weather screeched as they were dragged out into the bitter cold, leaving behind goose bumps and flushed cheeks. "Emma Swan?" he asked in a slightly forced friendly tone, I nodded with a smile, glancing at his name tag, realising he was the man I was to hand the car over to as arranged earlier with the very nice woman named Donna at the airport car hire service. "yep, you must be Mr. Biers, err, Donna told me to give you the keys when I got here." He nodded with a wet, polite smile and I fumbled around with the seatbelt, my hands unable to find the release button, making me feel extremely embarrassed, and Freddie decided he would begin pawing at the window, barking madly at Mr. Biers who looked over and chuckled at the pathetic but still adorable sight of the little dog's face pressed to the window like a toddler's. With a click, I was released from the run-down prison of a car I had been sat in and got out, hit with a huge gust of acerbic wind, hair erupting from its bobble and into the air; my cheeks burning bright red in the cold as my heart thrummed, trying to keep me warm. Mr Biers tried to help, putting the umbrella over me to protect me, but I simply gave him a grin, pulling on my waterproof, throwing the hood over my head with no regard as to how my hair looked. I scooped the keys from the start up