The Help 1. The bar was packed. Bella had to push through a crowd on her way back to their booth, struggling with two drinks and overflowing bowl of peanuts. In an effort to keep the drinks steady (vital that not a single drop was spilled) she trod on more feet than she did floor, and as a result had a few dirty looks thrown her way. "Making friends, I see," Emmett said dryly, as she finally reached the booth and slid first the precious drinks onto the table and then herself into the seat. "Why does this always happen whenever we find a new bar?" Was Bella's reply. "We get to enjoy the cheap drinks and free peanuts and cute bar staff for, like, two weeks and then - like clockwork - everyone else discovers it and it becomes all overrun and… and…" Bella wrinkled her nose, glancing at the throng of girls in front of her, clamouring for Riley the bartender's attention, "and popular," she finished. "It's our curse," Emmett said, nodding sagely. "We have a curse?" "No - not you. Me. We, the McCarty's. We're inherently unlucky. It's an old Irish curse." "Um, I thought the Irish were meant to be lucky. Hence that saying - you know, the luck of the Irish." Emmett shook his head sadly. He, like Bella, was watching the girls at the bar, but for a completely different reason. "Not those of us that are cursed," he said. "In our case it's the bad luck of the Irish." One of the girls had turned around and was now scanning the room. Her eyes landed on Emmett for one moment. He grinned and winked at her, and she turned away haughtily, looking exasperated. Emmett turned his attention back to Bella with barely a hint of disappointment on his face. "See," he said. "Cursed, to be unlucky all of our days. Especially with women. Bars, too, and the occasional shoe store, but mostly it's women." Bella smirked at him. "Emmett, you're not cursed. You're just hideously ugly." "Part of the curse." Bella turned her eyes away from the bar and the offending group of girls that had tainted it. "If anyone's cursed, it's me," she said, taking a small sip of her beer and grimacing at the taste. "I take it that means the chat with your Dad didn't go so well?" "Chats with my Dad never go well. This one just happened to go a lot less well than usual." Emmett raised an enquiring eyebrow, so Bella sighed and continued. "Basically he said he's not going to help. Well, technically his words were that I wouldn't see a damned red penny until I got my shit together." "So he wants you to go back to college?" "No," Bella said sourly, "he wants me to move back home and marry my ex. Then I'll finally doing something he considers useful with my life, and then he'll help me out financially." "And seeing as you're not going to be doing any of that any time soon?" Emmett prompted. Bella sighed. "Seeing as I won't be doing any of that ever, I am now officially completely broke. No scholarship money, no job -" "Hang on," Emmett interrupted, "what happened to the job?" "It was at a student-run campus book store. They didn't take kindly to hearing I wasn't a student anymore." "Shit." "Yep." "So? What do you do now?" "Haven't a clue," Bella said, taking a sip of her beer, and following it up with a handful of peanuts. "My scholarship money is frozen until I go back, my job already given to some dewy-eyed freshman. My Dad won't even loan me ten bucks for gas. I have less than thirty five dollars in my checking account, and if I'm lucky I may have about ten bucks in coins in my top drawer. Oh, and there's that twenty you owe me from dinner last Saturday, don't think I'm going to forget about that." She nodded at his scowl. "Yes, I'm calling in all debts, big and small, times are tough and a girl's gotta eat." She took another small sip of her beer. "And drink," she added, as an after thought. "I take it that's why you're hoeing into the free peanuts and drinking that watered down piss, then?" Emmett asked her, nodding at her beer. "Cheapest drink in the house?" "Uh-huh. And because Thursday night is two-for one night and I ordered it with yours, technically I got it for free." "No, technically I paid for half of it, so half of it is mine. But," Emmett said, "I feel so sorry for you and your crippling financial situation that I will allow you to have it all. Also, I don't drink beer." Bella shook her head mockingly. "Seriously, Emmett sometimes I look at you and wonder." Emmett adopted a wounded expression. "Wonder what?" "You're six foot three and built like a brick shithouse. You're like this stereotypical manly man, with your sports and your cars and your obsession with girly bits and inability to pass gas discreetly - and then we go out to a bar and you order cider. Cider." She shook her head. "And not even dry cider. But sweet, girly, flavoured ciders from Sweden." Emmett cradled his drink defensively. "There's nothing wrong with cider," he said. "And can I help it if my taste buds prefer sweet over bitter? It's not like I chose them to be that way. All my family's are the same, it's our -" "Curse. Yes, I know." Bella reached for another handful of peanuts, realised the bowl was empty and then gestured in vain to get Riley's attention. A group of rather lost looking businessmen had just entered and after staring around in confusion their gazes had found the girls by the bar, to which they'd made a beeline. Bella couldn't even see Riley over all of their head's. "I suppose we should be happy for the guys that this place has become the latest bar of the moment," she observed, resuming their original conversation. "Even if the new clientele leave a lot to be desired." "I'm sure that doesn't bother them in the slightest," Emmett said. "Money's money, after all." "I expect they weren't making too much before," Bella mused. "Especially not from you, you who nurses one drink all night and eats them out of free peanuts. Also- and I'm not judging you - but last week when it was your turn to get the toilet paper, did you steal it from here?" "Yes, and I'm not ashamed of it," Bella said, sitting up straighter. "And I'm also not ashamed of the two pint glasses that I snuck home in my handbag last night, and the ashtray I took last Saturday." "We don't even smoke, Bella." "I thought it would make a nice bowl for dips. Besides, I'm thinking about taking up smoking." "You're drinking cheap beer, have eaten ramen noodles for the last two nights, and last week you stole toilet paper instead of buying it. How the hell do you think you're going to afford cigarettes?" "I'll steal them," Bella said. "I do that now. Steal things. Or I could just bum them, one at a time. People are always asking me if I have a cigarette for them, I can do the same. Besides, I've heard it suppresses your appetite. Which is going to help now that I can't afford to eat." "Yeah, because you'll be thinking this was a really good idea in ten years when you're dying of lung cancer." "By then the scientists may have found a cure." "For cancer or for idiocy?" Bella frowned into her beer. "Stop it, Em," she complained. "You're ruining all my grand plans." "Just think," Emmett told her. "If you hadn't dropped out of college you could be well on your way to being one of those scientists who find a cure for cancer." "Marine biology, Emmett, not human biology. Jeez, how many times do I have to explain the difference? It's not rocket science," she added with a giggle. Emmett groaned. Bella sniffed. "I think I'm funny." "Yeah, I know. You always laugh at your own jokes. But you're the only one who does. So whatever it is you decide to do now you're a college drop out, don't become a stand up comedian." "Okay, firstly - screw you. I can be hilarious. What about that time I made you laugh so hard you pissed yourself? And secondly - I'm not a college drop out. I'm taking a year off to decide whether I actually want to be a marine biologist or not. I have all intentions of returning to college in twelve months - after I've figured out what I want to do. Which is totally normal," she said defensively. "You know, wanting to make the right decision about what you're going to spend the rest of your entire life doing. Not everyone knew from the moment they were twelve exactly what they wanted to be. Although how you could ever have a passion for accounting I'll never know." Emmett ignored her jibe. "Hey, I'm not the one saying the whole take a year off thing is a bad idea. I'm not your Dad, remember?" "I know. I'm sorry. I'm just still a little fired up. Christ, he was such an asshole about it. It's not like I was asking for him to support me for a year while I run around and party. I told him I'm looking for a job. I just thought he'd be able to help out until then. I even told him I'd pay him back." Emmett hesitated for a moment. "Look," he said, "I don't want to pressure you or anything. And you know I support you in this decision. But seriously, what are you going to do? Because rent is due at the end of the month, and I'm not really in a position to cover your share, which trust me I would if I could." Bella dropped her head onto the table. "I don't know what I'm going to do," she said, her voice muffled. "And I would never expect you to cover my rent, Em. I'll just have to take the first shitty job I find." She glanced up and towards the bar, where she finally spotted Riley. He was pouring a jug of beer and looking overwhelmed. "Maybe I can get a job here?" "Don't be offended, but seriously Bells. Customer service is not your forte." "It's true," Bella said with a sigh, glancing at the group of girls who were still lounging at the bar, blocking access for other customers who were all clamouring for Riley's attention. "I really hate most people. It's why I was going to be such a good scientist, in my lab all day with nothing but beakers and pipetting and micro-organisms. Do you want to know the best thing about micro-organisms, Em? They don't talk back." "You can be incredibly unsociable," Emmett nodded. "Maybe you can get a job filing somewhere? Or stacking shelves at a supermarket? Or maybe at a library, you'd love that. Peace and quiet, free wireless. The Dewey decimal system. I know how much you love that system." "I do, I really do. Good old Dewey. Maybe I should have been studying to be a librarian. And I have to say the whole free wi-fi thing would save us a fortune." "Bella, we don't pay for our wi-fi anyway. We steal it from the guy downstairs, you know the one who comes up with all the stupid names for his connection?" "Oh yeah, I forgot," Bella said, then snorted derisively. "Honestly, if you're going to name your connection 'pretty fly for a wi-fi' then you deserve to be hacked." "Sometimes I wonder if we're getting too old for this," Emmett pondered. "We're twenty-two now, Bella. We should be well on