A/N: I came up with this idea after Blood of Olympus came out. As usual, I refused to accept that it was the last Percy Jackson book Rick Riordan would make. Then he announced he was writing a new book about Apollo who was turned human after royally messing up. As I waited for Trials of Apollo to come out, I began writing about a demigod named Elysia who can spin the future in any way she wanted if she believed hard enough. I hope you give this new demigod a chance and that you like my own spin on stories containing CHB and Percy. Thank you for reading, as always I love you guys and appreciate you. Enjoy! Chapter 1 The bell rang and the school day was over. I looked over my shoulder and made my way out through the side exit. Teenagers gathered talking in groups about how their day had gone. I tightened my grip on my backpack and opened the door. They made it hard to get out of the school. "Hey, Elysia Hathaway! Where ya going? Do you have a date with Goodwill? " I heard someone call from the middle of the hallway. A group of giggles arose to the left of me. Of course I immediately recognized the voice as Lily Hawkins. I grinded my teeth and kept moving. No way was I about to get into it with her today, maybe tomorrow… I walked across the student parking lot and made my way into the city. No I didn't ride the bus. No I didn't get dropped off. No I didn't have my own car so I could get to school. I walked. I walked everywhere. Why you might ask? Because I didn't have enough money, duh. For a car, I mean. I was old enough to drive—I was seventeen—but I still didn't have my driver's license. I didn't ride the bus or get dropped off because, well, I was homeless. Actually, I had a little apartment, I was an orphan. My parents were nowhere to be found, and I had been on my own since long before I could actually remember. I survived on my wits—I barely had any—and luck. Such as, I'm lucky the school hasn't decided to look into my personal file and see that I have no parental contact or a real physical address. I'm lucky the other five schools I've been to aren't still searching for me. Oh well. I don't need anyone. I crossed the street when the traffic light turned red and made my way down Perkins St N. I see a few men greedily look at my bag but step back when they see the glare in my eyes. I narrowed my eyes and tensed my jaw. I ever so slightly shook my head and they turned away. I stopped walking and watched them retreat. I counted to ten and resumed walking. I rounded a corner and came to a battered door. There was a dumpster next to the door, filled with smelly garbage. I wrinkled my nose and looked behind it. There was usually a homeless kid or two trying to shield themselves from the elements. There was no one today. I sighed in relief, if there was a kid I would be consciously forced to feed them. Don't get me wrong, I LOVED helping kids in need. Heck, I was a kid in need. But trying to balance monthly bills on top of feeding myself was a struggle. I looked up when I heard the crinkle of plastic bag. I gripped my back pack in front of me, ready to use it as a shield or just throw it. It was a small kitten. A little tiny kitten, orange and white, maybe about a month old. It looked at me for a second before coming towards me and rubbing against my foot. It purred and I picked it up. "Hey, little one, where did you come from?" I said, rubbing its fluffy face on my cheek. It playfully pawed my black hair. "I guess I have to keep you now, don't I? Let's see, what will your name be?" I thought for a moment but came up with nothing. I shrugged and opened the battered door. I looked around to make sure no one had followed me and entered the building. I stepped inside and sighed at the rundown building. Spider webs hung from the ceiling and stair case, it was all dusty and you could see the dust particles floating in the air, curtesy of the small window six feet up on the wall. I begin the climb up to my small rundown apartment and began thinking about the homework I had. Chemistry, Calculus, World History, AP English. So much homework. Why do they assign so much homework? Seriously, it was proven that homework did nothing to help your grades. But it did feed anxiety. 'Get eight hours of sleep.' 'Join a sport or club.' 'Don't forget your homework.' Did they really expect kids to keep up with all of that? I reach the third floor and turned right, the kitten was asleep in my arms. I ran a hand across its tiny furry head. I wish I was a cat. I stopped in front of my door and see my mail neatly stacked up. NOTICE, UTILITY BILL DUE IMMEDIATELY. Shit, I forgot that bills were due yesterday. I fished my key out of my pocket and unlocked the door. The old door creaked and I saw a puff of dust fly into the air. My apartment was old and outdated. The living room had an old green beat up couch, a worn out coffee table with water rings on the wood, a side table with a yellow lamp and a blue carpet. The two windows had worn out curtains, once white and lacy, now yellow and starting to tear. No TV. I couldn't yet afford cable. To my right was the small kitchen which barely fitted a small one person table. It had all of the necessities, a microwave, a fridge, a gas stove. They all came with the apartment. The kitchen window allowed me to look at another building, red and brown bricks, and an air conditioner sticking out of the opposite window across from me. The fire escape wasn't much of an escape, I'm pretty sure it had lost the ladder before I was even born, that's how old the building was. I dropped my backpack onto the dining table and took out my books. I remembered the bills and opened each one. The land lord was a nice old man, greedy, but nice. Rent was about two hundred a month, gas, light, and water equaled to about one fifty. 'There goes three hundred and fifty dollars,' I thought while walking to my bedroom and opening up the secret panel under the bed, inside was a tiny fire proof safe, it held every dollar I had. I carefully counted out the amount due and shut it tightly. I heard a noise coming from the kitchen and stopped what I was doing. I froze for a good minute before I remembered the kitten I found. "Stop being so paranoid." I scolded myself out loud. I saw the kitten sniffing around in the kitchen. I walked back to the table and sealed the money inside an envelope. I would drop it off later that evening on my way to work. I began changing into my work outfit and stuck my arms into the dark blue shirt. I pulled on my form fitting khaki pants and put my old leather belt on. I heard a knock on the door and I walked over to see who it was. I looked through the peep hole and saw a headful of black hair and green eyes. I grinned as I opened the door. "Pericles." I said slightly blushing and brushing aside some hair that was in my face. "Hey, El. I came to see how you were." Pericles greeted me with a hug. He smelled like cologne. Pericles was a rich white boy. His mom was an accountant for a billion dollar company. Pericles and I became friends when I first showed up at New York. Today he was dressed in khaki pants with a green polo shirt. His mother arranged for him to have his own private tutor and he was homeschooled. "I'm good. I was about to do some homework before I left for work." I said stepping aside so he could come in. I walked into the kitchen and offered him a Coke. It was all I had, and honestly all I drink. He took the can and popped it open, took a long swig and stared at me. "Do you need a lift? I'm going that way and I could drop you off." He nonchalantly offered. I smile at him gratefully. He was the sweetest guy ever. "That would be great." He grinned. "So, what kind of homework do you have? I could help." He was always wanting to help with my homework. He was very smart, don't get me wrong, but sometimes he misspelled words. I tended to misspell words too, which is why I would do most of my research papers on a computer. Thank goodness for spellcheck. But I found out that I obtained bad luck when I used technology. "You can help me with chemistry. All of these formulas are really hard to remember." He and I sat down and spent the next forty minutes working on chemistry homework. He would joke around and bang his head on the table, pretending to be stumped. Before I knew it, it was almost time for me to be at work. I shut the chemistry textbook and stuck it back into my backpack. He stood up yawning and stretched. He took his keys out of his pocket. I already had on my work uniform on. "Let's roll out." "Alright, let me get my nametag." I said while walking into my room and picking it up where I had last left it. I clipped it on and walked back to the kitchen. "Okay, now we can roll out." We made our way out of the building and I saw that the sun was setting. I worked at a small children's arcade store. I distributed the prizes when kids brought their tickets to the claim counter. I had been working there for about seven months and had gotten used to the routine. Clock in, refill token machine, set out new prizes, make sure the tables are clean, and repeat. Same old, same old. We made it to Pericles's car, what kind, I have no idea. I know nothing of cars. All I knew was that it was new, red, and very shiny. It was a sports car if that makes any difference. He clicked the unlock button on his keys and the car did a happy little chirp as it unlocked. The inside of his car was grey leather, and by the look of it was genuine. Of course it was, his mother wouldn't allow him to have anything but the best. She only bought him name brand clothes. Aeropostale, American Eagle, some snobby man's clothes line from Paris. He looked good in them but you could always tell when he felt uncomfortable. His eyebrows would scrunch up and his lips would be set in a tight stony line. He once told me he would rather wear ratty old sweatpants and a black muscle shirt. He would look good either way. He sped up and before I knew it, he had the passenger side door open for me. I blushed and thanked him. He got in and started pulling out of the parking area. "So, how's everything going at home school?" I asked, pulling my hair in low ponytail. My bangs fell forward, they were too short to be