Author's Note: Hello this is my very first fanfiction. This story was just a 'I-have-to-write-this-down' moment and so here we are! Just a note: I did add new material to this chapter, I decided it needed to be a bit longer and I hope that was okay. I haven't made up my mind on if I will be continuing this story, but that is all up to you guys! With your reviews I would be glad to get constructive criticism and feedback. Thanks, tigr3ss Disclaimer: All belongs to JK Rowling Chapter 1: My Enemy Hermione Granger sighed as she began to pack up her things at her table. She returned to Hogwarts for sixth year, it was just in the middle of November and classes weren't disappointing when it came to homework and readings. Not that Hermione minded, but considering the amount of classes she was taking this year it would make the average sixth year student at Hogwarts want to cry then roll over in a hole to die. Looking at her watch she noticed it was almost dinner time. With that she hauled her heavy bag over her shoulder and began to trudge out of the comfort of the library. As she walked she noticed that the halls were very much empty due to the fact that most students were probably in the Great Hall. There were a few stragglers like herself, it looked as if the other students were a group of Hufflepuff fourth years and a Ravenclaw boy. As she rounded a corner, she saw a familiar head of white blonde hair. Malfoy. Draco Malfoy was still a pompous git to say at the least, but he was different. He was more reserved, more quiet. Hermione noticed that he started to miss classes although it only happened to be the start of school. Hermione quietly watched as he turned into a corridor that was the opposite way of the Great Hall. In the back of her mind she thought of how Harry had crazy assumptions about their Slytherin classmate. Thinking to herself, she made a move to head to the Great Hall. But something inside her gut told her to stop and follow Draco. Hermione certainly didn't like the way her best friend accusing Malfoy of being a Death Eater every chance he got. She shook her head; she knew that Malfoy considered himself a superior because of his pureblood status but deep down she knew that he wouldn't succumb to becoming a Death Eater. Or was he? The little voice in the back of her head asked. Following swiftly, she tried to match her footfalls with his. She noticed that he was heading for the boys' lavatory. Realizing where exactly she was following him into, she stopped outside of the restroom once he fully disappeared into. With a sigh, she decided to take her turn to leave that was until she heard a faint sob. Curious she cautiously stepped into the lavatory looking around to see if any student would notice her she walked into the bathroom. She noticed the sound of the faucet running and the cries getting louder and louder. Hermione came around the toilet stalls to see Malfoy. Malfoy was bent over a sink as his body wracked of sobs. The vibrations of his sadness radiating off of him onto her. His sobs screamed at her of course she saw Harry going through similar situations but never so extreme as the boy standing a few feet away from her. That's just it, he wasn't a boy anymore. All through the years it didn't go unnoticed that Draco Malfoy had grown into a man. His once slicked back, gelled hair now fell softly creating an almost fringe at his eyes. He usually wore it neat and every platinum blonde hair was in place. His school robes were correctly pressed, his shoes shined and his family signet ring shining proudly on his right middle finger. Instead of knowing the groomed, rich prissy boy Hermione come to known stood a man who looked too hurt, too scared. Hermione also noted that his usual pale almost perfect complexion was marked with dark bags under his eyes. His usually icy grey eyes with hints of blue specks in them were a dull grey. Almost like the sky after a thunderstorm. Draco began to cry more violently his sobs and tears were becoming more short. Hermione's eyes drifted to his back to his hands and how tightly they were grabbing the edge of the sink very much ghostly white. Hermione made her way closer, as if she was approaching a wounded animal. Slowly, her eyes found themselves staring back at a surprised Draco Malfoy. Draco spun around so quickly as stopped in her tracks, "What are you doing here? Get out!" He snarled. Hermione made no attempt to move instead she made her way closer to Draco. Her inner voice was screaming at her, what are you doing? You shouldn't care about someone like him its Draco Malfoy ! It was her logical voice one that she come to listen to throughout all her years of Hogwarts. But no, this time it was different. The other side of her, her compassionate side of her saw a hurt man. Nobody should have to go through what he's going through alone. Although he was her enemy it made her more curious to figure out what was the reason to make him cry. Pushing that in the back of her mind her little voice spoke again; leave, he doesn't deserve your time. Why are you pitying him? You should be ecstatic that he is in this state! "Didn't you hear me, mudblood? Get the fuck out of here!" He said quietly still laced with malice. He was fully facing her now. His hands still clutched at his sides resuming its unusual white color. The bags under his eyes shown hints of purple and blue and those eyes. Hermione was most taken aback from the color of his eyes because of the dull look they had in them. His posture was rigid, almost defensive as she walked towards him. "No, Draco." She said softly, finally finding her voice. He seemed to be taken aback at her sudden use of his first name. Hermione raised her hand to gently cup Draco's cheek. His tear stained cheeks were wet, cold. He stiffened at the first contact but then surprisingly relaxed into her touch. Her other hand came to the other side of his face. Now his tears started to freely fall his body wracking once more as his sobs filled the empty lavatory. Hermione's hands gently slid down his face to his waist. Knowing her way around upset people, she herself always knew a hug was really all they needed. The feel of another person's presence and something to hold onto was a person like Draco Malfoy needed right now. Draco reluctantly hugged Hermione back. His face buried in the crook of her neck and his tears wetting Hermione's neck and shoulder. Her grip on him tightened as did his, "It'll be alright." She cooed. She knew nothing would be alright. After all, she was Hermione Granger, best friends with Harry Potter, the boy who lived standing in the boys lavatory with a broken Draco Malfoy, who mind you, was her best friend's enemy. Hermione hugged Draco both her and his gripped tightened around each other. She hugged him harder every time she felt his body shudder. She squeezed her eyes tighter whenever she heard that strangled sob escape his lips. Her heart dropped deeper into a forever like abyss whenever she heard him mutter, "I can't do it" or "He'll kill me". Hermione was only a person for goodness' sake, a passionate one. It was in her character to help those in need no matter who they are. No matter if they were a Draco Malfoy. As his crying ceased his shoulders began to relax his usual proud stance was replaced with slumped shoulders. His head still resting on her shoulder. "Draco," she said softly. He didn't move or acknowledge her so she tried again, "Malfoy, we have to get out of here. Dinner will end soon and the students will see us." Upon hearing of what others may see Draco's head snapped up and stumbled backwards a few steps. He retracted himself as if he touched something burning hot his face quickly took on the sneer she got used to over the years, "You do not speak of this to anyone." He said in a dangerously low voice that even made her blood run cold. Hermione straightened herself and nodded, "I won't. You have my word." Her eyes never leaving his, under the mask of anger she saw something else. Something she never saw in those icy grey eyes with specks of blue. She saw how his eyes softened for a split second and saw thankfulness. She knew that telling her friends about this will not only make her relationship with Malfoy worse, it would humiliate him. Something about him wanted him to trust her. She realized how crazy that might sound, Hermione Granger and Draco Malfoy having a silent truce instead of using this as perfect blackmail. Hermione was not that cruel, she wasn't. She saw the distress in his eyes and thought of herself. The many nights were she lay awake from a nightmare. She often dreamed about Voldermort killing her parents, Harry and Ron and just about any innocent wizard or witch that had to deal with the wrath of someone horrendous like him. With that he stuck his hands in his pockets spun on his heel then quickly walked out of the bathroom. Hermione stood there with her school blouse slightly damp and hands hanging limply at her sides. The next few days went by quickly, never once did she see Draco attend class. His absence didn't affect the others around her, Harry and Ron looked to go on their day and Slytherins knew better than to intervene. Although the days went by quickly, her mind slowed her down. It distracted her on thoughts about where he was, why he was crying and if he could possibly be a Death Eater. Glancing over at the Slytherin's table in the Great Hall she saw no familiar head of white blonde hair. Realizing that she had been staring Ginny nudged her shoulder gently, "Hermione?" With a quick jolt of surprise of getting out of her dazed state she turned back at the youngest and only girl, Weasley. "Yeah, Gin?" "You've been staring out at space for bit, everything alright?" She studied Hermione's features, she knew something was wrong with the older Gyrffindor. Hermione gave a tight smile back. "I'm fine Ginny. Just thinking an awful lot about homework." Satisfied with her answer and one last calculating look Ginny turned back to her breakfast. Looking down the hall she saw both of her best friends walking towards her. Ron sported a yawn and droopy eyes while Harry continued to rub the tiredness out of his eyes. She let out a small sigh, "Late start again boys?" Ron grumbled and took the seat across from her while Harry slipped into the seat on her right. "Harry here has been up all night making crazy accusations." Hermione stopped sipping her pumpkin juice to have a better look at Harry, "Harry, we talked about this. You have no evidence on what Draco Malfoy is doing. You shouldn't be accusing him of something he's not just because you have a 'hunch'." She huffed. Harry huffed, "I know I know but you can't help but wonder! For goodness' sakes we talking about Malfoy here. Son of a Death Eater? Wouldn't becoming a Death Eater only make sense?" Ron and Hermione shared a look of understanding. Both of them knew that once Harry set his mind on something there is really no turning back. They noticed how