Disclaimer: I do not own the Lord of the Rings, all rights belong to J.R.R Tolkien and Peter Jackson respectively. I only own my OC's. This applies to the whole fanfiction as I am likely to forget. A/N: Just a quick note, this fic is a mixture of the books and films, so don't worry if you haven't read the books. There will be no romance between my OC and any other characters-if that is what you're after there are plenty of other fics out there. This is a tenth walker fic. I have researched as much as I can into nature spirits in Tolkien's world and have obviously taken some artistic license when creating the race. There is some lore in this chapter and I tried to keep it as short as possible; I hope it is not too confusing, but please let me know. The song at the beginning is called 'Hey ho to the bottle I go' and Peter Hollens does a great cover of it in his 'Hobbit drinking medley' on Youtube, so do go check that out because he does so many beautiful lotr covers. And without further ado, let's get this thing started! Chapter 1: Servants of the Valar " Hey ho, to the bottle I go! To heal my heart and drown my woe! Rain may fall and wind may blow, but there'll still beeeeeee many miles to go! Sweet is the sound of the pouring rain, and the stream that falls from hill to plain. Better than rain or rippling brook-" "Is a mug of beer inside this Took!" Raucous laughter spilled out into the evening air from inside 'The Green Dragon' inn as Pippin sang the final line of the joyous song, and Ilaira couldn't help but join in with the hobbits merriment by releasing a small chuckle of her own. She had been humming and singing along to the drinking tune from her position atop the inns roof, her back leaning against one of the brick chimneys as she smiled up at the stars, her foot tapping along and head swaying side to side as she pretended to conduct them with her finger; for in Ilaira's opinion it was a tune worthy of conducting, so carefree and full of joy as it was. It would be completely impossible though for her to conduct them in any of their merry tunes, and it was for the same reason that she was sitting here alone on the dark roof instead of enjoying the warm glow of a fire inside; the hobbits did not know she existed, despite the fact that she had lived in the Shire for around 3,028 years. The truth of it was that no one in all of Middle Earth knew of her existence, nor her peoples. Those who knew of her race and are still alive now have likely forgotten, for her kind have not walked the earth for 3,041 years, since before the end of the Second Age. No record of them exists, for the Queens of Ilaira's race took all of their scrolls and ancient writings with them when they disappeared; mentions of them in other races texts are few and far between, and so are dismissed as a writer's crazy fantasies, used in order to entice and capture the reader's imagination, or a simple error where they must have mistaken a real race for this fairy tale one. However, Ilaira's race is no fairy tale. They have been called many things through the ages, for they have existed since the creation of Arda itself; fae, nymph, sprite. But simply put, they are the race of Nature Spirits; the embodiment of all natural things that make up the world, from the trees to the rivers, the winds to the mountains, and they are all the servants of the Valar, the great powers of Arda who shaped the world. The nature spirits are the servants of the Valar for it is they who created them at the beginning of all things: First came the Spirits of the Sky, born from the very breath of Manwë, Wind Lord and First King. He is the breath of all living things in Arda and controls the air, wind, clouds and storms. The women of the clouds, a name given to the spirits by the race of Men, are the embodiment of these things, and carry out their Lords orders, taking great pride and even boasting of their powerful creator, King of all Valar. They are free to wonder the skies and gleefully cause mischief for those below, stealing washing off lines and blowing wind up women's skirts; you would be hard pressed to see them do these deeds, for they are almost transparent in appearance, made of the roaring wind itself. Yet they are a pessimistic and detached people, for they can never set foot upon the earth, forever to remain in the skies above. It was Ulmo, Lord of the Waters, who created the Water Spirits. He has command over the movement of all water on Middle Earth, from great oceans, lakes and rivers, to mist, dew and rain. Every lake, river, stream and brook he created with a water spirit to care and watch over it, and the women of the waters are a proud and regal people, much more reserved than the spirits of the sky. Water women are gentle, kind and hospitable, having a more realistic approach to life than the other spirits, yet they can be as changing as their creator; one moment calm, then without warning a raging storm the next. The Mountain Spirits were created by Aulë, The Smith and The Maker of Mountains. He shaped Arda and was master of all crafts, maker of the race of Dwarves, whom are the only other beings the mountain spirits care for in the world. Aulë's spouse is Yavanna the Fruitful, creator of the Forest Spirits, though despite this the two kinds of spirits do not get along. The men of the mountains come into being when a mountain is made, though they are large, brutish and simple minded; these are the spirits which the women of the forests loathe so much. However, there are a few men of the mountains who are not like this; they appear as all the other spirits do, their mountains having been carved into grand halls by the race of Dwarves, refining them and imbuing the mountain spirits with civility and grandeur. This is why they love the dwarves so. Finally we come to the Spirits of the Forests, their creator Yavanna, Queen of the Earth, guardian of all living things and creator of all forests upon Middle Earth, as tall and elegant as a cypress tree. The women of the forests are the guardians of all Olvar; every living thing which is rooted in the ground, and each plant and tree has a spirit of its own. Ilaira is one such spirit, her people optimistic and joyful, appearing to be naïve on the outside as they are carefree and prefer to stay rooted to one place for their whole lives, never venturing into the wide world around them; yet they are actually grounded in reality, aware of everything going on around them, their compassion for all living things their biggest strength. Though perhaps it is also a weakness? All nature spirits are the size of Hobbits, and are a peaceful people. It was because of this that Yavanna created the Ent's, to protect her forest spirits from that which they could not run from. Nature spirits, with the exception of spirits of the sky, cannot stray far from their Soul Origin, that from which they were born. For a forest spirit it is their Soul Tree or Plant, for a water spirit their Soul River or Lake, and for a mountain spirit it is their Soul Mountain. When a nature spirit comes into being, such as a forest spirit, it is because a tree or plant has also come into being, therefore the nature spirits very soul and life force is attached to said tree. Part of them resides there, and part of their tree also resides within them; it is what gives them their powers and the ability to manipulate their element. So if one of them should die or perish, so would the other; the forest spirits are understandably the most vulnerable to this, as a mountain or river cannot be burnt or felled with ease. When a spirit does travel away from their Soul Origin they are incredibly weakened, and can even die if they go too far. Fortunately, they can all feel when they are being weakened and reached the limit of their travel, almost like a barrier has been raised, though it is easily passable. The only exceptions are the spirits who are considered to be royalty and are part of the Spirit Council; there are twelve members in all, four spirits each from the domains of forest, sky and water, including the Queens of each element. These council members are more powerful than your average nature spirits, being able to travel wherever they wish too and having no boundary around their Soul Origin. But it is the Queens who hold the most power of all; they have the ability to perform great rituals, such as the one required to grant spirits a short time away from their Soul Origin. However, even when this ritual is performed a spirit will still feel weakened by the distance between them and their Soul Origin; even the Queens and council members feel this weakness when travelling far and wide across Middle Earth. So now you too know of the nature spirits, and perhaps you have seen them in your garden, tending to the roses or making the blossoms bloom in spring time, or making the leaves fall in autumn; or perhaps you have not. Ilaira continued to hum the merry tune and tap her foot, despite the drinking song having ended long ago, the full moon bright in the midnight sky as it illuminated the rolling hills of the Shire below. Ilaira looked at her tapping foot, her mind wandering aimlessly (as it often does when one is relaxed and content about everything in that current moment) and she contemplated her likeness to hobbits. Her feet were and had always been bare, yet they were of average size, much smaller than a hobbits, and whilst her ears were pointed they more like the elves ears than the Halflings. So really, when she thought about it, she only shared their height and light-hearted temperament, and if she were to wander among them she was almost certain rumours and whispers would begin to spread. For if there was one thing she had learned about hobbits, it was that they were awful gossips, especially if there was a hobbit who was considered to be slightly 'strange' or 'odd', different from the rest; one such example was dear old Bilbo Baggins. Despite their gossiping ways, Ilaira had always had a strange fondness for hobbits, and over the years she had grown particularly fond of those who dwelled in Bag End; the 'strange' Bilbo Baggins and his younger cousin Frodo who currently dwelled there. They did not know of her existence, like everybody else, but Ilaira found that she loved and cared for them deeply. Perhaps it was because her Soul Tree was the oak on the hill above Bag End, or perhaps it was because of their adventurous spirits; she didn't quite know. What she did know however, was that even Frodo's friends, Sam, Merry and Pippin, had also become very dear to her; Ilaira made sure the garden at Bag End never wilted, though she knew Sam would never let that happen, and his love of gardening was one of the reasons she was so fond of him. The latter two of that list were very entertaining, to say