Chapter 1: Father's Wrath Zentheya Melanie Black stood in the centre of her Father's dark and dusty study, knowing all too well what was coming. It was never a good thing when she was summoned into his study as it only ever had one outcome. Orion Black was a cruel and ruthless Pure-blood wizard who lived by the old traditions regarding relations and status. He believed in discipline and fear, and did not tolerate disappointments. "You got expelled !" His voice boomed angrily throughout his study, ricocheting off the dark green walls. Zentheya felt her insides jump as her father viciously slammed his clenched fist down upon the surface of his dark mahogany desk. The Beauxbaton's expulsions crumbled and crinkled in his death grip. Zentheya didn't dare speak, she barely dared to take a breath in fear of agitating him further. "Well? Explain yourself!" Orion's head snapped up to glare ate his only daughter with his ice-cold dark eyes as he slowly began to rise from behind his desk and walk towards her. "Father, please! It was not my fau…" Zentheya began to plead her innocence when she was abruptly cut short by as he struck her hard across her pale face with the back of his hand. The force of the impact caused her head to jerk violently to the side. It was a force strong enough to knock the victim off their feet, however Zentheya stumbled backwards, preventing her from falling on to the ground. "Enough!" Orion barked loudly within her ear. "I've had enough of your pathetic excuses Zentheya! You ungrateful child! I get you into one of the best magic schools in the world and how do you repay me! By getting kicked out!" Zentheya winced at the sheer volume of her father's voice. She was sure that one of these days, he was going to deafen her! Her right cheek burned and she was sure that there was going to be an obvious red mark, which would inevitably stand out due to the paleness of her skin, not to mention the bruise that would be forming due to the giant round ring that Orion wore. Zentheya believed that he only wore that hideous ring to inflict pain on his two eldest children. It didn't matter how many times Orion hit her, Zentheya was always left surprised that her own father had hurt her. You would think that after seventeen years of abuse that she would be used to it by now…but he was her father. Wasn't he meant to protect her rather than hurt her. "It wasn't my fault!" Zentheya repeated bravely, standing her ground like the stubborn girl she was. Orion's stone cold eyes glared at his only daughter, signalling for her to stop talking. She obeyed. "Amuse me then. If it wasn't you, then who set fire to the headmistress' office?" He asked her, acting as though he actually cared if she didn't or not. Zentheya knew that her father wouldn't believe her, and yet she didn't care. "Darla Angelus…" She told him. Despite what he thought, it was true. Darla Angelus was a snobby Pure-blood witch from Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, who believed that she was better than anyone else. She never liked Zentheya from the moment they first met during their first year at the school, simply because Zentheya refused to allow Darla to bully and torment other witches because they were either a different blood status than her or not as rich as her. Zentheya was also much better at magic than Darla and rejected her offer to allow Zentheya into her clique. " Darla Angelus ! What a lie !" Orion scoffed. "That girl is a much better lady than you will ever be! Not to mention a much better witch!" He proceeded to hiss is usual insults in her ear as he continued to show just how little he cared for his only daughter. In his eyes she was a mistake that never should have been born. Zentheya felt her anger beginning to boil as she clenched her fists, digging her nails into the palms of her hands in an attempt to control the strange power that she had inside. She knew she couldn't let a single sizzle of smoke appear (which had always proven rather difficult with her temper). She knew that he was only trying to lower her self-esteem even more than it already was, however due to the fact that she had inherited the famous Black Family stubbornness, she refused to provide him with the satisfaction. "That is your opinion!" She hissed back, glaring at him. Everyone has that little, irritating voice inside their heads, the voice of reason, the sensible voice in your head that tells you when not to do something, when to stay quiet and not speak out against your violent, abusive father. Well at this very moment, that particular voice was screaming inside Zentheya's head and maybe she should have listened, just this once… Orion's eyes darkened so they looked black and gave you that feeling that if he stared at you any longer the sooner you would become stone. He glared at Zentheya with a mix of complete disgust, disappointment and anger before smacking her violently with his dragon claw cane. The tips of the claw sliced her face as they dug into her cheek. The force of the impact sent her to the wooden floor of his study. "Don't you ever speak to me like that again , you worthless brat!" He snarled at her. "Get out of my sight, until I have decided where to send you and what punishment you shall receive!" Sharply picking herself up off the dustless, wooden floor, Zentheya refused to stay in his vial presence a second longer and hurried from his office. She could feel the blood beginning to leak from the fresh slice on her pale face and no doubt the bruising would only worsen over night. She was fuming, so angry that she didn't even notice her beloved twin brother, Sirius Orion Black III, who was waiting for her outside their father's study. "Hey Ze! Ze, wait up!" His sudden voice pulled his sister from her thoughts as she angrily walked towards the old Victorian staircase. She could feel the tears of anger beginning to rise as she stopped on the third stair. "What happened Ze?" Sirius inquired, the worry was evident within his voice. He was one of the few people that Zentheya knew she would be able to find comfort in since their little brother was never allowed out of his room whenever Orion was yelling at them. Zentheya felt one of her brother's pale hands close over hers. He never liked it when she stayed quiet for too long. It scared him. "Ze, talk to me! Please?" He pleaded. Zentheya sighed heavily and turned to face her twin. "I got expelled form Beauxbatons for a prank that I didn't even commit!" That was all she had to say before the tears escaped her eyes and began mixing with the blood on her face as her mind began racing over what would happen now. 'What if he separated me from my brothers! What if I never saw daylight or food again! What if he kept me locked up inside my tiny room for the rest of my life with only my insane cousin to visit me!?' These single thoughts sent her into the strong, slightly-muscles arms of Sirius. "I-I don't know what's going to happen to me now! O-or where he'll send me, that is if he let's me out of the house!" She confessed to him, tightening her grip on his shirt just in case she was sent away. She didn't want to forget him. "Hey wow! Ze sh! It's okay!" Sirius hushed her fears as he gently lifted his sister's chin so that he could assess the extent of the cut. Zentheya watched as he frowned, his grey eyes darkening with anger as he gently dabbed away the blood. "That git! I won't let him hurt you again!" He promised her as he engulfed her in his arms, tucking her head under his head protectively. Despite being twins, Sirius was slightly taller than Zentheya, standing around six feet tall while she stood around five feet and five inches. They both knew that Sirius would never be able to keep that promise, but it still made her feel safe and loved. "But Siri, what if he separates us?" She asked him worriedly, as she looked up at him. "I don't want to be separated from you Sirius!" Sirius chuckled and pulled her back into the hug. "Oh please Ze! Mother would never let him do that! Merlin forbids that she would ever have to a lift a finger to look after even just one of us!" He smirked, taking his thumb and gently wiping away her tears, while trying to avoid the fresh cut. Zentheya couldn't help but laugh as well. "Yeah, the only one she even slightly cares about is Reg…" She sighed thinking about the amount of pressure that their parents unfairly placed upon their little brother's shoulders. He was only twelve years old for Merlin's sake! "We'll get out of here one day sis, I promise." Sirius promised, giving her a tight but gently squeeze. She bit her lip, thinking about little Regulus Arcturus Black. Despite how differently the twins were treated compared to him, he was still their baby brother and Zentheya couldn't bare the thought of abandoning him here with their cruel and cold parents! "Siri, I don't want to leave Reg here, alone with them!" She told him. Sirius sighed. "I know but…he doesn't get hit…" He reminded her, but he couldn't deny that he felt the same way. It hurt him every year when his brother didn't speak to him during school all because their father's spy Bellatrix was constantly breathing down his neck. "They might start if we leave him here!" Zentheya added. With those simple words she could see Sirius' mind working over all the horrible scenarios that could happen if they left him. "Alright! We'll take him with us then!" He said. It made Zentheya smile as Sirius pulled her closer once more. The three of them would be okay…some day. It wasn't long before their sibling moment was ruined as two dark shadows cast over them. Bellatrix smirked cruelly at the twins as she knew that they were in for it big time. Orion never liked seeing the two of them comforting each other. As soon as they noticed him, they broke apart and Sirius automatically stepped in front of Zentheya ready to take the hit that was inevitably going to come. "No! Sirius don't!" She pleaded with him, grasping hold of his forearm. She hated it whenever he got hurt because of her ! Orion's eyes narrowed at them. "What are you two doing?" He barked at them. His hand was ready strike when Sirius took the hit. It wasn't like it mattered to their father which one of them he hit, just as long as he hit one of them then he was satisfied. The force of the smack sent Sirius' face jerking to the side. Zentheya's heart shot into her mouth as she seen the blood trickle from the corner of his mouth. "Bellatrix, take Zentheya to her room!" Orion ordered as he stepped towards us. "Certainly uncle!" Bellatrix smirked as she began towards them. Sirius stood in front of Zentheya, refusing to let their crazed cousin past. "Move Sirius!" Orion snarled, grasping hold of his shirt collar and shoved him against the wall. Zentheya's grey eyes widened as she heard the awful thud that his head made as it hit the wall. "Siri!" She cried as she was about to go and help him when she felt one of Bellatrix's long nailed hands entangle in her black hair, yanking her backwards. She