Hi, lovelies! Thanks to everyone who's followed/favourited/reviewed so far. I just wanted to let you know in advance that this fic will contain refs to PTSD, panic attacks, flashbacks, past child abuse, implied current child abuse (not shown), trans/homophobic characters and similar, so if this is a problem for you, please proceed carefully. For those who are picky about their ships, this fic is all about wolfstar and at least a little drarry and probably some linny at some point, so you have been warned. Also, if you're the type of person who gets offended by trans characters, you should stop reading. You should also get a life. The first few chapters will be posted more quickly, but I will be posting new chapters once a week once uni gets into full swing. Enjoy! Love Cam xo "Now I have work for each of you," said Dumbledore. "Fudge's attitude, though not unexpected, changes everything. Sirius, I need you to set off at once. You are to alert Remus Lupin, Arabella Figg, Mundungus Fletcher—the old crowd…" (TGoF p618) "There's no need," said a hoarse voice from the doorway. "It's already done." Dumbledore spun around, and Sirius leaned around the taller man to see Remus Lupin striding toward them, removing a moth-eaten travel cloak as he came. Sirius felt the bands of anxiety loosen, just a fraction, around his chest. "I see you anticipated me," said Dumbledore, sounding almost nonplussed as he glanced between the two men. Sirius shrugged. Even Dumbledore didn't need to know everything. "Sirius told me Harry was hurt," Remus said abruptly, his usually quiet demeanor distinctly ruffled. Close to, Sirius could see the fear etched into the lines in his friend's face, the same fear he felt. He felt a pang of guilt. His message had been short, too short. Triwizard Cup a trap. Voldemort returned. Harry hurt. Tell the others. Come asap. "I'm okay," Harry volunteered from the bed. He looked like he wanted to climb out of it again, and was only restrained by Molly's hand on his arm. Remus's face sagged for a moment, and Sirius caught a glimpse of the terror the other man had been hiding, the same terror he'd felt when he realised Harry was missing from the Quidditch pitch earlier. Not Harry. Not Harry too . Remus composed his expression almost immediately, but he couldn't stop himself stepping over and drawing the boy into a hug. Molly looked away tactfully as Remus blinked tears from his eyes, resting his chin on top of Harry's untamed head for just a moment. When he pulled away, Harry exchanged a surprised look with Ron and Hermione, but he also looked touched. Remus let out a sharp sigh and turned back to Dumbledore. "I realise you need our help, but Harry needs us tonight. There is very little Sirius and I can do right now." Harry flushed to the roots of his hair at these words, and looked down at his knees. Sirius's heart ached at the surprise in the boy's face, at finding himself with so many protectors. He should have been able to take their presence for granted. Instead he expected them to leave. "As touching as this no doubt is," Snape drawled, "not all of us can say the same." Sirius forced himself not to respond to the obvious barb, although if Harry hadn't looked so fragile, he would certainly have given Snape a piece of his mind. He caught the look Remus threw at him and smiled tightly, shaking his head just a touch. There would be plenty of time for Snape baiting later. "Quite," Dumbledore said, still watching Remus and Sirius as though not quite sure what to make of them. "Quite," he added more confidently. "Severus, I am sorry to ask this of you. If you are ready?" Snape drew himself up to his full height, his pale cheeks whiter than usual, his expression unreadable. "I am," he said. "Then, good luck," said Dumbledore. They watched in silence as Snape swept out of the hospital. For several long minutes, nobody spoke. Remus was still standing with his hand on Harry's shoulder, and for a moment, when he looked up at Sirius, his eyes sad and serious, it felt like there was no one else in the room. "I must see the Diggorys," said Dumbledore, breaking the spell. "Harry, take the rest of your potion. I will see all of you later." They watched Dumbledore leave, and Remus turned to help Harry back into bed. Harry looked up at Sirius. "If you have to go, it's okay," he said, and Sirius could see the effort it cost him to say it. He forced another smile and tweaked Harry's toes through the blankets. "We're not going anywhere," he said. "Like Remus said, there's nothing either of us can do tonight. You take your potion, we'll be here when you wake up." Harry shifted uncomfortably, avoiding looking at everyone gathered around him. "I'm just going to be sleeping, I don't mind," he said, and now there was a definite tremble in his voice. "Here, Harry, you take this," said Molly softly, passing him the cup of potion. "You need a good sleep, and then we'll talk about getting you home." Harry took the cup without a word and downed the contents. Almost immediately, his eyes started drifting shut. Molly stood, but Remus was there before her, tucking the covers around Harry's shoulders with a tender expression that made Sirius's heart roll right over. Harry muttered something indistinguishable as he slipped further into unconsciousness. "What was that?" Remus frowned and leaned closer. Harry mumbled again, and while no one else could hear what it was he said, they could all see the immediate effect it had on Remus. His face froze, the colour draining from his features as he leaned over Harry's bed, his face still close enough to Harry that the boy's afro was brushing his cheek. His features seemed locked in an expressionless mask, but his eyes burned. "What? What's wrong?" Sirius asked in a low voice. Remus slowly straightened, and Sirius was alarmed to see that his hands were trembling. "What did he say?" whispered Hermione, looking as frightened as Sirius suddenly felt. "Sirius, you and I need to have a word with the Headmaster," said Remus quietly. The controlled anger in his tone sent a shiver down Sirius's spine. "What—?" started Molly. "Not now, Molly," said Remus. "I'll explain when we return. This cannot wait." Without waiting for a response, he turned and strode from the room, Sirius hurriedly shifting back to his canine form and trotting along in his wake. They were halfway across the castle when Sirius caught hold of Remus's sleeve in his teeth and dragged him behind a tapestry into a hidden alcove. He transformed back into human, and for a moment, he was overwhelmed with memories of this same alcove, of a younger Remus Lupin, of things long past and lost forever. He shook his head to clear it and looked up at Lupin, who was still trembling, his limbs tensed as though he was ready to stride off again at any moment. "Would you like to tell me what's going on before we talk to Dumbeldore?" Sirius demanded in a harsh whisper. "What did Harry say?" "Did you know about his aunt and uncle?" Remus hissed, and for a moment, he almost resembled the wolf Sirius had seen so many times. He fought the urge to step back. This was a Remus Lupin he'd only seen twice before. Whatever Harry had said, it had to be something truly horrific if it could do this to Lupin. "I know Harry stays with them in the summer," said Sirius slowly, eying Lupin carefully, testing each word before he said it. "I know Harry doesn't get on with them all that well, but other than that, I don't know much about them." "He's frightened of them, Sirius," Remus said, snapping off the statement like a tomb door closing. "He's so frightened of them he said he can't go back, he was begging me not to send him back to them because he couldn't take it. Sirius, they're hurting him." Sirius felt the blood drain from his face, and for a moment he almost felt as though he'd fall. No, not Harry. He closed his eyes against a sudden onslaught of unwanted memories, a roar of jumbled screams and insults deafening him, the ghosts of a thousand bruises racing across his skin, the stairs in his old house once again rising up to meet him as he fell— was pushed —down, and down, and down… He gasped as he wrenched himself from the flashback, the worst he'd had since leaving Azkaban, and Remus reached out to steady him. "Not Harry," he whispered, his lungs empty and his heart racing. He looked up at Remus with hollow eyes, panic rising, grasping at Remus's arms with desperate fingers. "Tell me I didn't leave him with—" He couldn't bring himself to finish. "You didn't know," Remus whispered, his fury subsiding for a moment, his voice suddenly gentle. He rubbed Sirius's arm, the simple gesture carrying across two decades, reminding Sirius of the first time he'd realised that not every touch had to hurt. "But he wrote to me, he told me things were bad! I just left him there, I should have realised, I—" "Sirius Orion Black," whispered Remus forcefully. "You did not know. This is not your fault." He paused and breathed sharply through his long, thin nose. "Dumbledore, however, had to know." Sirius blinked as this new observation hit him like a weight to the face. Regardless of what he ought to have known, there was no way Albus Dumbledore hadn't known that Harry was being abused. There. He'd managed to think the word. He almost gagged on it, his limbs turning to rubber at the thought of his godson, his best friends' child, who he'd sworn to protect, being harmed in any way. Hadn't he suffered enough? "Sirius, did you hear what I said? I said Dumbledore knows." Remus leaned down so he could look Sirius full in the face. Something about those warm, brown eyes managed to break through the panic and grief and agony, reaching down into his stomach and stirring the rage behind it all. He took a long, deep breath, feeling the life come back to his limbs, then another, and another. "Right," he said. "Well, whether he knows or not, it stops now. Harry is coming home with us." He snapped his mouth shut on the last word, but he couldn't unsay it once it was out. Remus stared at him for a moment longer, his eyes widening just a little, before he nodded and turned toward the tapestry that was hiding them. Sirius let out a wobbly breath and concentrated, welcoming the wave of prickling magic that always accompanied his transformation. Things were always simpler as a dog. "Remus, are you looking for me?" Sirius's hackles rose at the sound of the Headmaster's voice. He turned and barely stopped himself from growling as the older man approached. His shoulders were bowed, and he looked tired, but Sirius had no sympathy to spare for Dumbledore. "I was, Headmaster," said Remus quietly. Sirius admired his composure. He was fighting the urge to give Dumbledore a good nip. The older man looked quizzically from one to the other, sensing that something else was wrong. "Come up to my office," he said. "That might be best," agreed Remus, and this time there was a distinct note of warning. Dumbledore acted as though he hadn't hear it however, leading the way up the stairs with his usual serene air, lifting his robes clear of his feet with graceful decorum. The others followed in silence, Remus's expression a careful blank. The moment the door closed behind them, however, Remus's mask of composure fell away. "Tell me you