Disclaimer: I don't own the Hunger Games, only my characters. A/N: The main character's name is pronounced per-see-eye. Chapter One Reaping Day When I open my eyes, the barn is still dark. I can hear the horses below me padding softly in their stalls. Epona always tells us that the horses can sense our anxiety. Maybe that's why they're as restless as us on Reaping Day. The girls around me are beginning to stir. I lay still, counting my breaths as I wait for the sunlight to trickle through the cracks of the barn. This is the time we always get up to feed and water the horses, muck out the stalls and round up the cattle. But there will be no work today. Today we will scrub our skin clean, drag combs through our hair and wear our nice clothes. We'll file into District 10's town square like cattle and wait for the Reaping. "Persei? Are you awake?" I turn my head a little to see Margo's wide set blue eyes shining at me in the dim light. "I'm awake." Epona's ranch has two small barns in edition to her tiny house. The female ranch hands sleep in the loft of one barn and the male ranch hands sleep in the loft of the other barn. Epona lives in her house with her two big herding dogs. There are about 15 of us living here year round in the barns. Epona will cycle in seasonal workers if there's too much for us to do. Epona runs a small cattle ranch. District 10 provides the livestock for the Capitol, along with any livestock byproduct including milk, cheese, meat, leather and fibers for textiles. The wool we shear from sheep is the only thing that isn't sent directly to the Capitol. We load it onto trains for District 8, the textiles district. "How did you sleep?" Margo asks, her voice barely above a whisper. "Alright." I lie. Margo is the same age as I am, seventeen, and brown from the sun. I've known her for about four years. That was when Epona brought her in for work. Epona likes to grumble that she has the terrible habit of picking up strays but I think it was her years in the community house that make her sympathetic to orphans. I almost went to the community house when both my parents died of fever but Epona took me in. I was ten. "Do you have anything to wear today?" Margo's question feels silly, normal almost. Something one would ask living the high life in the Capitol. I humor her. "Yeah. A hand me down from Channing after she got married." Channing used to be one of Epona's strays too, before she married a goat breeder last year. She gave me her old Reaping dress before she left. It's folded in a trunk in Epona's house right now. All of our Reaping clothes are. The horses get more restless beneath us and the golden light from the sun is beginning to flood the cracks. All the other girls are awake now. I sit up and get to my feet, moving to open the loft doors. District 10 is an expanse of tall green grass and a few trees here and there. There are some small hills but they're few and far between. The mountains are so far in the distance, they're blue. The sky is clear and the summer heat is already rising so early in the morning. Today will be uncomfortably hot; I can taste it in the air. I take the ladder down to the ground level of the barn. Margo is close behind me. We begin feeding and watering the horses with the other girls. Normally, there's more chatter and work is assigned. Today we are quiet. The Reaping is at noon so there's time for us to get ready. We let the horses out before taking the small trek to Epona's house. The boys are quick to join us. Epona is already standing on her front porch waiting for us when we get within earshot of her cottage. She's a short woman with wiry gray hair and a hawkish nose. She smokes a pipe and her two dogs perk their ears at us. "You know where the buckets are. I'll lay your clothes out for you." She says with a nod. Of the 19 ranch hands Epona currently has employed, 11 of us are eligible for the Reaping. Margo, myself, fourteen year old Pam and thirteen year old Elle for the girls; eighteen year old Cord, sixteen year olds Alto and Gunnar, fifteen year old Struve and three new boys whose names I didn't know. Epona had brought them in over the past two weeks. Epona has two stalls in the back, both with big basins. There are towels hung on the stalls and a well pump nearby, along with a couple buckets. I grab one bucket and make my way to the pump. Cord joins me at the well, observing me with his strong arms folded across his chest as I pumped the water. "Happy Hunger Games." He quips as towers over me. Most people tower over me. I'm small by nature, even Elle, who's four years younger than me, is taller. I straighten as I finish pumping and wipe my forehead of sweat. Cord barely reaches eye level with me when he bends down to set his bucket beneath the spout. "Good luck today, Cord." I keep my features neutral and he doesn't look at me as he starts pumping. "Good luck, short stuff." I lug my bucket back to washing stalls and think about how many times my name is entered this year. Because Epona runs an alternative to the state run community home that the Capitol does not sponsor, we are allowed to enter our names for tesserae as a de facto family. Epona has never forced us to enter our names more than once but if we didn't, we would probably starve. My name is in the lottery 20 times. While District 10 is one of the poorer districts, we don't have it as bad as 12. Not everyone needs tessera as badly every year. But my name is still in there 20 times. We each scrub down in the basin, emptying it before the next person gets in. The water is cold and there's only enough privacy to hide us from the boys. My teeth chatter when it's my turn and Margo washes my dark brown hair as I use a bristle brush to scrub my hands and feet. I'm the last to go and the towel is a bit damp but it's better than nothing. Pam and Elle are already dressed in their Reaping clothes and empty the basin for me as Margo and I head inside. The boys get ready in the kitchen while I follow Margo into Epona's bedroom. It's small and sparse but neat. The bed is made and the dress Channing left for me is displayed on the sheets. I hand the towel to Margo; we're no longer embarrassed to be naked in front of one another. Living in such close quarters does that to you. I put on my bra and underwear before pulling on the thin, white cotton dress. Margo dresses faster than I do and is towel drying my hair while I struggle with the tiny buttons. We comb each other's hair out and I braid her curls around her head like a crown. I leave my own hair damp and loose around my shoulders. We stand side by side to inspect our reflection in Epona's old spotted mirror. Margo stands taller than me, her caramel skin freckled and warm. Her auburn crown glows dully in the light and her blue eyes are set on my round face. She squeezes my hand reassuringly. "You'll be okay, moon face." She says lightly. Moon face is something Epona began calling me when she first brought me on and most of the other ranch hands call me that too. Some people in town assume my round face comes from being well fed but my mother had a round face too, from what I remember, and I don't recall the last time my stomach was ever really full. My bangs are already beginning to dry, hanging to just below my thick eyebrows and above my almond shaped eyes. "You'll be okay too." I try to promise but I can't. None of us can promise that. The door creaks open and Epona puffs on her pipe. "Time to go." I turn to face her and while her face is hard, something in her gaze softens. She smoothes a wrinkle in Margo's dress and fluffs my bangs, "The wagon's ready." She states shortly and we follow her out. Epona normally takes the wagon into town to buy feed for the horses and sell milk and cows to the butcher. On Reaping days, she hooks the wagon up to three horses and we all pile into the back and drive into town. I suppose it's not much different. All the stalls of the town square are closed and the shops are dark. Workers from the Capitol have erected a platform in front of the Great Hall, where district meetings occur. Immense flat screens tower above us, images of people filing in projected onto them. District 10 doesn't have many tall buildings and cameramen are perched at the highest points, pointing their lenses down at us. The boys clamber off the wagon first and Cord picks me up by the waist and hoists me off. He sets me on my feet. Normally, I'd snap at him for acting like I can't do anything myself but instead I just tell him thanks. I'm not in the mood to bicker. Peacekeepers sit at two large tables in front of roped off areas. The girls and I nod tersely at the boys and Epona before we make our way to the female section. I keep my gaze focused straight ahead as I fall into line, painfully aware of the huge crowd. The hum is tense, likes bees in a hive. "Next." I step forward and offer my finger to a female Peacekeeper. Her expression is blank as she pricks me with her handheld machine. I see my name Persei Moon displayed in green letters while she presses my bleeding finger into her giant book. I move to stand with other girls my age. Margo stands beside me. On the platform, there are two small tables with giant glass bowls. One for the boys and one for the girls. To the left is a podium. Behind them, four chairs are lined up. Mayor Temple sits in one of them. His face is like stone. "His son just turned twelve." Margo whispers in my ear. I nod. Any parent would fear their child's name being chosen but this would be little Temple's first Reaping. His name is only in there once. Sitting beside Mayor Temple is Loc Rhod, District 10's escort. He speaks animatedly to Mayor Temple, who seems to be barely paying attention. Loc's white blonde hair is styled in a strange coil that almost protrudes from the crown of his head like a horn. If this weren't Reaping Day, I'd probably laugh. His dark brown skin glistens with golden powder and he wears a velvet body suit with a large, stiff off shoulder collar. Propped up next to him appears to be a bejeweled cane. Capitol citizens always baffle me. At least, Loc does. He's the only Capitol citizen I've ever seen and if the rest of the Capitol is like him, I don't know how they can tolerate each other. Sitting on Loc's other side is the brooding winner of the 35th Hunger Games, Ramsay Wellwood. He was reaped at sixteen and proved to be a fierce competitor, ruthlessly slaughtering his opponents when they attacked him.