As promised, the sequel to Something More and What the Heart Wants. I will do quick recaps of important plot points when they are necessary, but this will be easier to understand if you've read at least I Keep Looking For Something More . Without further ado, the adventures of Breigel, daughter of Legolas and Tinwe. Enjoy! A small elfling ran through the giant stone halls, clutching a bow that was a bit too big for her, a quiver of arrows on her back. She tried not to trip, but the end of the bow repeatedly bounced off the stone floor. She turned a corner and promptly ran into a pair of legs, falling backwards in a heap. "Careful, sellnin . Where are you off to so quickly?" Breigel looked up into her father's kind eyes as he held out a hand to help her up. She took it, letting him lift her easily off the floor and back onto her feet. "Faelon told me to get my bow while he spars with Nana ," the little elleth said, adjusting the bow in her hands. "He says he will give me a lesson when he's done." "Alright, well, be careful," Legolas said with a smile. "And tell Faelon that he better do a good job, or he is fired as your teacher and I will just have to train you myself." "Okay, Ada !" Breigel said with a grin, hurrying away. "And make sure your mother doesn't hurt Faelon!" Legolas called as the little blond elfling disappeared around the corner. Legolas was one of the few elves that had not left the dark halls of Taurost, home to King Thranduil's family in Valinor. He and his father were working on preparations for spring planting, while the rest of the palace had taken advantage of the warm spring air after a harsh winter. Everyone seemed to be out around the practice fields, watching the Princess and her friend sparing. "Watch your feet!" Balamaethor called from where he stood leaning on the fence, watching the two combatants lunge at each other. "Leave him alone," his wife Raina said, standing to his left. "You will only distract him." Balamaethor and Raina stood with their youngest son, Erynion, as they watched their eldest son, Faelon, sparring with Princess Tinwe with a grin on his face. "Sure you don't want to take bets?" Erynion asked with a smirk, looking at the elf standing to his right. "Since we didn't see a victor last time," Thorontur said with a smile. "I'd rather not waste my money." He had been one of the few to see the last bout between Tinwe and Faelon over a hundred years previous. A number of circumstances had prevented a rematch since then. Tinwe, a restless wanderer, had gone off traveling around Middle Earth not long after her marriage to Legolas, and after the loss of her first child in a orc attack while she was still pregnant, she had been too distraught to fight. Though she had trained independently after that, it wasn't until her daughter Briegel was born just over seven years previous that she had come out of her shell once more. But with the move to Valinor, the two battling elves had not had the time to really duel properly. "I won't bet money, but if I did, I would put it on Tinwe," Thorontur's wife Icaria said with a smile. She had been Tinwe's best friend since childhood, and had also witnessed the last time the two elves sparred. "Faelon's stronger, he'll win," Thorontur and Icaria's elder son Gelfaer confidently. He was only about sixty, and one of the younger elves present. "You don't give Tinwe enough credit," Thorontur said evenly, looking over at his son. "She may not have the strength, but she has the speed and agility." "Yeah, she could whip you easy," the youngest viewer, Saelhir, said, looking up at his older brother, who childishly made a face and stuck out his tongue at the elfling. "She is looking as agile as she did when she returned from the War," Tinwe's father Rissa mused, watching his daughter spin away from Faelon's sword, his arm around his wife Isawen. "And as happy." "Even after hearing her stories, I still marvel at her talent," Queen Ellissiel said, watching her daughter-in-law narrowly miss striking a blow on Faelon's hip. "'Scuse me! Oh, sorry!" The elves looked around to see Breigel squeezing through the crowd behind them. A number of other elves had come out to watch the battle curiously, wanting to see their princess in action. "Did you get it?" Saelhir asked eagerly as his best friend climbed the fence next to him to sit and watch the match. "Yep!" Breigel said enthusiastically. "Now I can finally learn archery!" "As long as your mother doesn't kill Faelon first," Gelfaer said, watching Tinwe come within millimeters of Faelon's chest. "Nah, she won't," Breigel said confidently, eagerly watching her mother and her favorite elf sparring, sweat on both their brows as they circled each other. "You are just lucky your mother is so odd. A normal lady would never let you touch a bow, let alone use it." "Gelfaer!" Icaria said, glaring at her son. "Behave." "Yes, Naneth ," he said, his eyes returning to the battle as Breigel frowned. Her mother wasn't odd. She was the best Princess in all of Arda. "How is your archery coming, young Saelhir?" Isawen asked kindly, looking down at the young elf. "Well," he said, his face screwed up in thought. "I can hit the target." "That's a good start," Balamaethor laughed lightly. "Don't worry, you'll get better." "Let's just hope he doesn't get his archery skills from his mother," Icaria said with a sigh. "I am quite hopeless." "Thank goodness for that," Thorontur said, kissing his wife's fingers with a smile. They had met by chance when Icaria had been dragged out to the practice fields one day by Tinwe, and Thorontur had found her arrow when she had overshot the target. "I'll be a great archer!" Breigel declared happily. " Ada is the best archer ever, and Naneth is amazing too." "We will see," Ellissiel said with a laugh, smiling at her granddaughter. "You better hope you don't get my archery skills." "Or mine," Isawen said merrily. "Whether you get the skills or not, your father will be sure to get you straightened out," Balamaethor said, eyes still following his son's every move. "He would never let his only child be a poor archer." "I think Tinwe's getting tired," Erynion interrupted, returning everyone's focus to Tinwe and Faelon. Sure enough, Tinwe looked like she was slowing down. Faelon's blade was coming closer and closer to her every time she spun away from it. "Come on Tinwe!" Icaria shouted excitedly as Tinwe blocked a blow from Faelon. "You are welcome to come in and be my second," Tinwe called back, grunting as she deflected another blow. "Any chance you'll surrender?" "Not when I am this close to winning," Faelon grinned, taking a step back and starting to circle again, Tinwe following his footsteps carefully. "You haven't beaten me yet," Tinwe said, moving swiftly towards him, swinging her sword up as Faelon blocked it, spinning away and striking a series of quick blows before backing up once more, breathing hard. "Give me five minutes," Faelon said, giving her a cheeky grin before lunging at her quickly, managing to narrowly miss her cheek as he brought his sword down at an angle towards her neck. She dodged away and took a swing at his legs, making him leap backwards out of her reach. "Stop dancing and win already!" Erynion said loudly, teasing his brother. "I'd like to see you in here, Erynion!" Faelon called back as Tinwe rushed towards him once more, swords clanging loudly as they met. "Are you crazy? Tinwe would skin me alive." Faelon didn't respond, as he was too busy carefully dodging Tinwe's sword strokes. In a daring move, she feigned up towards his ribs as she crouched down, swinging her leg behind Faelon's to knock him over. She connected, making him stumble backwards, giving her an opening to land a couple heavy blows, knocking him onto his back. Victorious, Tinwe grinned, holding her sword point to his chest. "I told you to watch your footing," Balamaethor called, shaking his head as Faelon laid his head back with a sigh. "I know," Faelon called back, looking up at Tinwe as she replaced her sword with a hand, which he took, letting her help him to his feet. "I guess now we know who is a better swordsman." "I think you are just worn out from chasing my daughter around all day," Tinwe said with a smile, picking up her scabbard and sheathing her sword. "Hey!" Breigel said, still perched on the fence. "No, I think that just keeps me fit," Faelon said, coming over to his favorite elleth and picking her up off the fence, bow still in her hand as he placed her on the ground. "Are you ready to learn some archery?" "Yes please!" Breigel said in a rare show of manners, making Tinwe look around at her. "At least something is rubbing off on you," Tinwe said, watching her daughter come closer, hand happily held by Faelon's. Tinwe removed her gloves as the crowd slowly dispersed. "Are you going to stay and watch, Nana ?" "If you would like me to, I can stay," Tinwe said with a smile, brushing her braid back over her shoulder. "We will have to see if you have your father's natural talent." "What is Prince Legolas up to today?" Faelon asked curiously, starting towards the archery fields. Tinwe walked next to him glancing over at Saelhir as he raced towards them. "He and Thranduil are getting ready for planting. The king is a little anxious about it." "I don't blame him, since it is his first season planting in Valinor. Surely the Queen can offer some assistance?" "Ellissiel has tried to assure him that the soil is good and with some proper irrigation it will all be fine," Tinwe said, taking a seat on a wooden bench as Faelon set up a target only about five yards from Breigel. Saelhir quietly sat next to her, folding his hands in his lap as he watched. "He is just nervous that something will go wrong. I know he would have liked to have given up ruling once we reached Valinor, but he still feels responsible for all his people that have come west." "Hold up there, El," Faelon said, stopping Breigel from shooting an arrow she had just nocked to her bow. "Let me at least teach you something first." "Okay," the elfling said, smile still on her face. She was willing to listen to anything she was taught, as long as it was Faelon doing the teaching. "Now, give me an archer's stance." Breigel stood with her feet spread wide, her body perpendicular to the target. She held her bow up in her left hand with difficulty, her left elbow straight and her chest puffed out proudly. Saelhir giggled at the sight, earning a glare from his friend. "That needs a little work, I think," Faelon said pleasantly. He started by moving her feet closer together so they were shoulder-width apart. "Now, do you know why I moved your feet?" "Because she was doing a split!" Saelhir said with a laugh, earning another glare as Breigel stuck her tongue out. "No," Faelon said evenly. "Your archery begins with a nice strong stance. With your legs that wide, you are unbalanced." "But Ada can shoot a rabbit at a hundred yards from a moving horse," Breigel countered, looking up at Faelon. "He doesn't have a good stance then." "Your ada has had a great many years to practice archery. It was only after getting down the proper stance that he could move