Disclaimer: Yeah, I don't own Lord of the Rings, or any of these characters except Gwailin and Nimfaelin. Note This is rather long, but this is all there is. One chapter. I was gonna break it up, but that would be too much work on my part. So, just enjoy. "Lalaith! Where are you?" He stepped over a tree root, looking around for his friend. She was nowhere to be seen. The elf maiden had given him the slip, again. She had an annoying habit of doing just that. "Lalaith!" he called again. Still no answer. He continued through the forest, ducking branches. "Fine, I'll just go home then." He turned around, heading back the way he came, but fell over as something came flying at him. "Geez Lalaith! You startled me!" Lalaith hung upside-down from a tree branch overhead. Her tunic fell down across her chest, revealing her abdomen. She laughed as he stood up, brushing the dirt and leaves off his tunic. "Come on Dimdol ! You are no fun anymore." She swung by her knees on the branch, gaining enough momentum to swing off and land lightly on her feet. "We aren't kids anymore. It's been centuries since we were children." "So? That doesn't mean I can't still have fun." "I have a meeting today with my father's council, you know that. Why did you bring me out here?" "To have fun! We never spend any time together anymore. And you are getting boring." "My father says that I need to accept more responsibilities. I don't have time for fun." "I can't believe you just said that. He got to you, didn't he?" she asked quietly, her face falling. "You once told me that you would never let him take away our friendship. I guess that doesn't mean anything to you anymore." "That was a long time ago Gwailin. Things change. I have grown up. It's time you did too." Gwailin stared at him, her eyes showing emotion that he couldn't read. He knew she was surprised he had used her real name, but what else she was feeling was lost to him. After a moment, she closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. "Very well," she said in a voice he'd never heard her use before. "If that's what you think, so be it. But at least I know what it means to be an elf. Good day, Prince Legolas." She turned swiftly and pulled herself up into the nearest tree. Legolas looked up after her. "Gwailin! I didn't mean to offend you! Gwailin! Ow!" He rubbed his head as an apple bounced off the side of his head. He glared in the direction it came in. "Fine! Be that way!" Legolas stalked off in the direction of home. He had no idea that this would be the last time he would see his best friend for over two thousand years. Legolas followed the other members of the fellowship down the spiral stairs of Lothlorien. He had just been to speak with Lady Galadriel and Lord Celeborn along with the others. In his sorrow, for the loss of Gandalf was still heavy on his heart, he failed to notice where he was walking. "Oh, I am sorry," he said, glancing at the elf maiden he'd just bumped into. But he did a quick double take. The elf maiden looked up at him from her book, her eyes widening in shock. "Legolas?" "Gwailin?!" They just stood staring at each other for a moment. The other members of the fellowship watched, confused. Then, out of nowhere, Gwailin slapped him. Legolas rubbed his stinging cheek, looking around to see where Gwailin went. The Dwarf Gimli was laughing heartily as Legolas caught sight of her stalking off. "I like her," Gimli said, enjoying the elf's pain. Legolas watched her until she disappeared, before continuing on down the stairs with his friends, no longer thinking about Gandalf, but about Gwailin, and her unusual greeting. "Legolas, if you don't mind me asking, who was that earlier?" Legolas remained silent as Pippin watched him. The other three hobbits also looked up curiously. "Her name is Gwailin," said Aragorn who sat a ways off to the left. "Why'd she slap you?" Pippin asked, turning back to Legolas. Legolas sighed, looking up at the halfling. "She was my best friend growing up. We used to do everything together. But about two thousand years ago, she was goofing off, like always, and I got mad at her and told her to grow up. She told me that I had forgotten what it was like to be an elf, so consumed as I was with pleasing my father and being a perfect prince. She ran off after the fight, and when I went to talk to her the next morning, she was gone. I haven't seen or heard from her since then. I suppose she has not forgiven me for that." "But it's been two thousand years. Surely she is over reacting." "It isn't that simple. She was right. I had forgotten what it meant to be an elf. I had forsaken the joys of life for duty and responsibility. That is something I could never forgive myself for." The forest grew silent as Legolas ended his story. All that could be heard was the gentle song of lament to Gandalf. Before long, the Fellowship had fallen asleep, all but Legolas. He sat up, listening to his kin singing sweet words to his fallen comrade. He had made up his mind to go speak with Gwailin, but he was having trouble figuring out what to say to her. Finally, he gave up, and sought her out, not knowing what to do or say. He found her in a small room in a tree overlooking the river. She sat on a couch, reading a leather-bound book. He stood in the doorway for a long time, just watching her. Her dark hair framed her pale face, her green eyes moving back and forth as she read. Her bosom rose and fell in gentle rhythm. She wore a pale violet gown embroidered with silver roses. She looked so different from how he remembered her, wearing a tunic and leggings of earthy colors. She had always been dreadfully fearful of dresses and robes. In fact, he could not remember a single time she had worn one. Eventually, he got up the courage to walk into the room where she sat. "Gwailin," he said softly as he approached. She looked up at him briefly, before turning back to her book. "Lalaith, please talk to me," he said, using her pet name to try and coax her into talking. She shut her book heavily and looked up at him. "First of all, your majesty," she said, emphasizing the last part angrily. "You lost the privilege to use that name two thousand years ago. Secondly, I have nothing to say to you. Please leave." "Gwailin, please. I am sorry for that. I just want to talk to you." "And I have no desire to talk to you," she responded, standing up and walking towards the door. Legolas grabbed her arm, pulling her around to face him. She looked up at him coldly. "Remove your hand." "No. Not until you talk to me." "What is there to say? It was two thousand years ago. It does not matter." "It does, if you are still angry with me now. I am truly sorry for my behavior. Please forgive me." Gwailin looked up at him. He looked into her emerald eyes, searching for an answer. But there was nothing but sadness and misery in her eyes. "Two thousand years," she said quietly. "Two thousand years I have hid here. For two thousand years I have dwelled on that day. I have not laughed in two thousand years. You have hurt me more than anyone ever could. Could you not see it? It was not just the fact that you told me to grow up. I know I was childish. I know it was foolish of me to try and keep you from your duty. Could you not see? Did you not know?" Legolas looked at her, puzzled. He did not know. "I loved you Legolas. And I was nothing to you." She turned and left through a side door, closing it swiftly behind her. Legolas stared after her for what seemed like hours. After a while, he sat down on the couch, and buried his face in his hands. How could he have been so stupid? Out of the corner of his eye, he saw the book Gwailin had been reading. On the cover, written in silver elven letters, was scrawled a single word: Memories. Sitting up, he reached over and picked it up. There was a ribbon sticking out of it, and he turned to the page it was marking. He looked down at a beautifully done sketch, which was, to his surprise, of himself. There were several smudges, and the evidence of teardrops that fell on the page long ago. As he looked at it, he felt his heart breaking. He could not believe what he had done to her, his best friend, and the one who had loved him so unconditionally. It was his fault she had shed these tears. Worst of all, he had killed her spirit. She hadn't laughed in two thousand years. Lalaith, laughter. That had always been his name for her. And he had killed the laughter. "Legolas, are you alright? You have not spoken much in the last few days." Aragorn looked down at the elf, concern in his voice. Legolas kept staring at the tree in front of him. After a while, he sighed, and spoke in a soft, hoarse voice. "I went to talk to Gwailin the other night." "And?" Aragorn said after Legolas failed to elaborate after several minutes. "She told me she loved me." Aragorn remained silent for a long time, watching his friend. "And how do you feel about her?" Legolas turned to face him, a strange look in his eyes. "I killed her Aragorn. She is not the Gwailin I knew. She told me-" he voice broke. After a moment, he whispered, "She told me she hadn't laughed in two thousand years. I only just realized, but I haven't laughed in that time either. She was my laughter. My Lalaith. She wasn't just my best friend; she was a part of me. I killed her and myself. Now I don't know what to do." "Have you tried talking to her again?" "No. I can't find her anywhere. No one knows where she is. It's just like that day two thousand years ago." "She can't have gone far. You'll find her." The days past, and soon it was time to continue the journey, but still Legolas had not found Gwailin. He searched for her every day he spent in Lothlorien, yet could not find her. He stood with the rest of the Fellowship and accepted the gift Lady Galadriel gave him, a beautiful bow and arrows made by the elves of Lothlorien. But as he settled into the boat in order to leave, it was with a heavy heart. As he left the shore and made his way after the others, he saw Aragorn look back at him, and then look off to the left bank. Legolas followed his gaze, and saw Gwailin. She was standing on a tree branch about twenty meters above the water, watching him as he left. Her hair blew across her face gently, and her gown stirred lazily in the wind. As he turned around the river bend and she disappeared from view, the last thing he saw was a silver tear slide down her pale cheek. He turned and faced out across the river again, feeling worse than he had ever felt before. "My lady, are you alright?" Haldir asked. Gwailin merely shook her head and ran past