Foxhunt "Mother, this is ridiculous. It is not going to work." "What dear?" "This plot you have concocted with Father." "I do not know what you mean, Legolas." The prince gave his mother a dark look as she turned away from him, picking up a finely crafted green mask. She turned back to her son, holding it out to him expectantly. He refused to touch it and just crossed his arms defiantly, glaring at the offending article. "You know perfectly well what I mean. This whole masquerade is just another ploy to force me into finding a wife." The queen sighed, taking one of Legolas's hands and putting the mask into it herself. Even if it was a ploy, she knew her son would do his duty and attend the winter festival anyway. "We have been in Valinor for two hundred years, Legolas," she said softly, meeting his brilliant blue eyes. "You cannot use the excuse that you are too busy protecting the city to worry about marriage anymore. Your father and I want you to be happy." "I am happy," Legolas said sullenly. "What makes me unhappy is you both thinking I can only be happy when I am wed, and concocting these schemes in the hopes that I will fall in love. It will not work." "Humor me," she replied, taking the mask back and putting it on the prince herself, since he seemed most unwilling to comply. "It is only one night. And because it is a masquerade, no one will know it is you, so you can really get to know the ladies of court." "I already know more about the ladies of the court than I care to. And I doubt the mask is going to be enough, Mother," Legolas said skeptically. "They are not as simple-minded as they often seem." "Yes and that is why you are going in this costume," the queen said with a smile, looking her son up and down fondly. "Handsome and mysterious, as always." Legolas was dressed in what he saw as a close match to what the rangers of the Ithilien wore. He was unsure if his mother was aware of the similarities, as she had never been to the Ithilien or Gondor, but it was strikingly similar to what his friends used to wear. He was clothed in a dark brown leather jerkin embroidered with silver leaves over a forest green tunic and brown leggings. His bracers, boots, and belt were all of a darker shade of brown leather than his jerkin, almost black in the low light. His dark brown cloak was clasped around his neck with a silver leaf. Legolas seriously wondered where his mother had got the idea for the outfit, as everything about it reminded him of the War of the Ring and his dead friends. Even with all the elaborate embroidery and decoration, at its heart, he was dressed as a ranger. "Are you certain there is nothing I can do to change your mind about this?" he asked with a sigh, shifting his quiver. The quiver, bow, and arrows strapped to his back were all decorative only, and they felt wrong. But he could not carry his own gear, as that would be a dead giveaway. He knew he was not going to be the only one dressed this way, but it still felt like he was being too obvious, a bow strapped to his back. Perhaps it was the queen's way of trying to make him feel more comfortable. "I am certain," she said, patting his cheek lightly. "Enjoy yourself for once, Legolas. Do not hide behind that charming fake smile of yours. At least try to have some fun." "Yes Mother," Legolas said, his eyes softening as he looked down at the queen. As irritating as her attempts to marry him off were, he could not stay mad at her for long. He watched her glide out of his room before he turned to observe himself in the mirror. "I can hear you laughing at me, Aragorn," he said softly, fiddling with his quiver again, trying to find a comfortable spot for it to rest. "What I would not give to be riding across the plains with you and Gimli once more." Putting up the hood on his cloak, hiding his pale blonde hair, Legolas exited his quarters to join the rest of the elves gathering in the Great Hall to celebrate the winter solstice. Legolas leaned against an intricately carved granite pillar, watching the dancing couples in front of him, listening to the laughter and song behind him. More than once he had heard his own name pass the lips of lords and ladies enjoying the celebration around them. Most who spoke of him were ladies of the court, twittering away like the birds they dressed as, speculating which handsomely disguised lord might be the prince. At those moments, he was grateful for the dark costume his mother had dressed him in. Hidden in shadow, outside the view of the ladies who looked to the light, he was safe from their games and eager clutches. As he watched the brightly colored wings and feathers dance across the ballroom floor, he wondered how couples could tell each other apart. There were far too many ladies dressed as butterflies and songbirds. The lords dressed little better, most dressed in robes or tunics of seasonal colors, little thought going into their costumes except to don elaborately decorated masks. Legolas saw several elves dressed in a similar style to his own, though those that dressed as hunters had long ago shed their cloaks and decorative weapons. Watching a couple quickly scurry away from the dance floor, smiles on their faces as they sought a quiet corner to enjoy, his eyes fell upon something he did not expect. While he had been scanning the dance floor, he had been able to identify most of the ladies of court by their mannerisms and poorly-veiled features. Some took longer than others, but he had accounted for most of them by now. He did so in order to make sure he was not accidentally coerced into dancing with those that were particularly determined to be seen and heard. But he watched with interest as a lady he could not identify made her way around the edge of the dance floor, moving slowly in his direction. Not only was this mysterious lady unidentifiable, but she had chosen an unusual costume for the evening. Forgoing the standard feathers and silk of the bird or butterfly, she was garbed in a long white gown trimmed in pure white fur, her long bell sleeves and trailing gown embroidered with shimmering silver swirls, like wisps of snow in the wind. Upon her face she wore a white mask that was intricately molded in the shape of a fox. Her silvery white hair hung down to her waist, ornamented only with silver ribbons that shimmered in the torchlight. The only color anywhere on her person was the thin red line of her lips and the dark golden amber of her eyes behind the white mask. The prince found himself staring as the lady was halted by a lord dressed in a dark blue and silver tunic, taking her hand and leading her onto the dance floor. Legolas watched the two elves dancing, whispering quietly to one another. He was rather surprised to see the elf abandon his partner quickly upon the conclusion of the song. The next lord to ask for a dance had a similar fate, as did the third. Intrigued, Legolas watched her closely as she spoke to the forth elf to take her hand, trying to read her lips to determine what was said. As she moved in and out of his sight, dancing gracefully between the costumed couples, all he could see was a gentle smile on her face as she spoke to her new partner. The elf quickly abandoned her as had his predecessors, and Legolas noted his brow was furrowed. From anger or concern, he could not tell. Curiosity getting the better of him, Legolas left his solitary post, swiftly navigating the swirling dancers to reach the white lady. "Would you care to dance, my lady?" he said, appearing in front of her, his hood still up as he held out a hand for her. "I would love to dance," she said calmly, meeting his eyes with a smile. "Is this you asking for a dance, or should I find someone else to help me satisfy that desire?" Legolas was taken aback by her question, but quickly found his voice. "If you would permit me, I would be honored to dance with you." "Very well then," she said, sliding her thin white fingers into his hand. "Since you have obviously been waiting for a while, I shall consent to your request." "What do you mean?" Legolas asked, pulling her towards him and starting to move with the slow music. "You have been watching me since I arrived," the lady said with an amused smile. "I suppose it is natural for the hunter to be cautious when approaching his prey. As you should be. I can assure you, I am no helpless woodland creature." "Caution is always necessary when approaching the unknown," Legolas commented, his interest in the lady before him growing with every soft word she spoke. "For as gentle and calm as an animal may seem, there is always the threat of danger when one is not prepared." "Clearly your costume is not merely a fantasy for you to play this evening. Your bearing, your comfort in such clothing, and your words tell me you are not a simple lord. Though that is not your bow and quiver, your hands are calloused. You are an archer, a warrior, a silent predator. As I saw you lurking in the shadows, it was clear you were comfortable there. And there is a darkness hidden behind your eyes that suggests that you have battled many enemies and lost much in your life." Legolas was not sure how to respond to this. Never had someone so easily read him. Most knew these things about him through stories and secondhand accounts. But in just the few brief moments she had been speaking to him, she had read him like a book. The only explanation was that she knew who he was. He decided to play along and see how she had figured it out, and how much she knew. "You seem to know much about me for having never met me before," he said mildly. "For I do not recall our paths ever crossing in the past. I think I would remember a lady such as you. And you are not the only one who can read people. To dress as a fox, I can see that you must want to stand out. You think yourself cunning and mysterious as a fox, and perhaps just as wild. You are solitary, as you did not arrive with anyone, and the relaxed way you walked through this hall indicated you are not meeting anyone in particular. Instead you choose to entertain yourself by quietly drawing in and intimidating your dance partners, suggesting you have no interest in finding love but are simply here for your own amusement." "Very good, my lord," the lady replied, her amber eyes sparkling as she watched him closely. "Though perhaps you are a little too hasty in your assumption that I am here only for amusement. While I do not deny my pleasure at flustering the lords of the court, I can still be seeking romance while doing so. If they are unable to stand against my wit and words, than they are not strong enough to handle the rest of me." "A true fox would not be so eager to antagonize a potential enemy." "But a fox knows which battles it can win and which are