A/N: This is a Draco/Harry story set four years after the Battle of Hogwarts, but in a world where Voldemort won. Enjoy! Chapter One: Captive When Draco and his mother sat at the dinner table in pleasant silence, the interruption of a burly wizard storming into the room like a raging giant had at first been a stabbing annoyance between Draco's shoulder blades. The oak doors to the dining room were flung open from the outside, and a figure in dark robes with dishevelled hair and ragged breaths entered. Narcissa Malfoy, sat opposite her son, let out a gasp at the sudden entrance, as Draco glanced up from his plate, a scowl spread across his sharp features, and immediately recognised the imposter as Gregory Goyle. As usual, Goyle's whole face was flushed scarlet from even the slightest bout of exercise, but now Draco recognised not only exhaustion but devilish excitement causing his friend's strained breathing, the kind of thrilled nature that only usually overcame the man when he was faced with a large buffet. Draco stood from his seat at the head of the long dining table immediately at the sight of Goyle, and simultaneously slapped away a house elf trying to serve him more roast chicken. "What is it?" he addressed Goyle, with no need for greeting. With this, Goyle's large face broke into the most cunning grin that Draco had ever seen adorn his features and his eyes seemed to sparkle with a maleficent kind of joy. "We've got him," he announced proudly. "We've got Harry Potter." -TRANSITION- It wasn't until he heard the distinctive sound of screaming and spells being cast that Harry wondered if perhaps it wasn't his greatest idea to spend the night sleeping in a fold-up tent in the middle of a public forest. He was shaken awake by the sounds, and found himself reaching for his wand and pouncing for the tent's entrance within seconds. His heart was pounding, his head doing the same due to lack of sleep, but he was alert enough to know Hermione's scream when he heard it. "Hermione!" Harry called as he dove out of the tent, but knew his cry had been a grave mistake when he heard another hurtling scream from his best friend. He brandished his wand, holding it out in front of him like a shield from all the evil surrounding, but there was nothing he nor any magic in the world could do to sooth the sorrow and guilt he felt seeing Hermione. She was seized by a Death Eater clad in all black, her shoulders held firmly against his chest whilst a sharp wand prodded at her throat, threatening more than any words could. "Harry Potter," mused a sly voice, joined by a toothless smile that broadened on the face of a nearby Death Eater. "We've been looking for you for a long time, haven't we?" The tent Harry had emerged from just seconds ago was already surrounded by dark figures, all wearing the same dreary uniforms that Death Eaters had been loyal to for decades, and each holding out a wand with their choice of deadly curses tickling the end of each of their tongues. But Harry wasn't paying any attention to them, as his vision was trained solely on Hermione, whose eyes were wide and staring back at Harry's own with a pleading softness. "Now, Potter, you'd better put that wand down, or I will be happy to do it for you - but it might not be so pleasant," warned the same Death Eater, the one with not a single tooth in his jaw and a face that was as gaunt and fleshless as a corpse. His hair was mousey brown, and fell over his face in clumps that looked as though they were wet, like he hadn't washed in weeks, but his stance of authority made it clear that he was the leader of this snarling pack. The men stared wildly with hunger in their eyes, like wolves who had been deprived of a meal for weeks, and Harry was their prey. "Put down the bloody wand, boy!" the leader cried, and the others cheered their agreement. But Harry was rooted to his spot, and his wand wasn't leaving his grip without a fight. He towed his gaze from Hermione's and glanced around at the audience he'd roused, before holding his hands up as if he was going to surrender. The lead Death Eater grinned wider, but Harry was already flicking his wand at the nearest figure and casting in a whisper, "Expelliar-" "Crucio!" Somehow, the spell seemed to travel faster than sound, as Harry was sure he heard it well after the pain had already penetrated his stomach and sent him writhing on the ground. Or maybe it was an echo, or a second curse hitting him at another angle; he had no way of knowing, no feeling outside of the scream-inducing ache of the curse tearing through his body, seeming to rip everything apart before burning it under a blue flame. But it was a pain Harry had felt before, many times, and he refrained from screaming. Hermione, however, did not, and all Harry could hear was the wailing of his friend as the curse rippled through him in a way no other pain could. Harry stumbled to his feet as soon as the pain had faded, only to find himself in a cage of cackling Death Eaters. There was a time when some of these men would have feared Harry Potter, or even uttering his name. A time soon after the peeking moments of the war, the battles that had resulted in the child they'd previously seen as the measly "Boy Who'd Lived" killing more men than he could count and being blinded by blood on a battle field, all the while watching his friends die before him, all in the name of hope. But now these Death Eaters stood before him with no fear, only triumph - the same victory Harry himself would have shown at the sight of their deaths those few years ago. "Take his wand and bind him," the leader ordered, and almost immediately a band of rough limbs grabbed Harry and tied his arms together with ropes of magic. "We'll be taking him to Malfoy Manor." "And the mudblood?" a voice asked, and if Harry could have mustered the energy, rage would have filled his blood at the sound of the crude insult. There was a pause, as though the leader of the gang was considering his options, before he strolled into Harry's blurry vision and shrugged. "Kill her." -TRANSITION- In a second, the dining room fell deathly silent. Even the house elves were all suddenly rooted to the spot, one of them dropping a tray which clattered to the ground and muffled the gasp that arose from Narcissa's mouth. Ordinarily, Draco would have scolded the useless creature, but his eyes were trained on Goyle's grinning face, his focus wholly committed to the words that had just bombarded his senses. He didn't know whether he ought to be filled with immense joy or hatred. He had to admit, at least to himself, that at the sound of the name "Potter" his teenage heart - which he knew was buried somewhere deep inside him - swelled with all-encompassing joy. But for now, as his authority swelled with purpose, Draco knew that this was no time to indulge in childish fantasies. It was a delicate situation they were dealing with - Harry Potter would be no ordinary captive. Draco turned back to Goyle with a stern expression. "Contact the Dark Lord immediately," he instructed. "And have them bring Potter to the ballroom. I should like to see him first." Goyle scuttled away, dutiful as always, and Draco stood from his seat, his appetite having been cast away to make room for dutiful responsibility. He made to leave the table, but Narcissa promptly reached out to grab his hand. "Draco, what are you doing?" she demanded, before her outburst softened into motherly concern. "I would advise that you leave Potter be until you meet with the Dark Lord and he instructs you on what to do with the boy." Draco regarded his mother with a frown. Voldemort likely wouldn't be pleased that he had even touched Potter without permission, but whilst he respected his mother's advice, Draco couldn't allow the Dark Lord to have his way with Potter without Draco grasping the ample opportunity to see him first. "I agree, Mother," he told Narcissa, careful with the words he used to craft the delicate lie. "I wish only to ensure that those brutes haven't done anything with Potter that the Dark Lord may not be pleased with. It shall be a quick visit, as I do not intend to keep him waiting. I'll see you tomorrow at breakfast, Mother." Draco left the dining room with as much haste as he could muster, silently cursing to himself about how annoyingly large the room suddenly seemed, whilst Narcissa watched her son walk away with worry in her glassy blue eyes. -TRANSITION- Draco entered the ballroom and was immediately struck with how full the room was. He'd been aware that a group of Death Eaters had caught Potter, but he hadn't imagined so many would have been needed to catch one young wizard. Half of the Death Eaters regarded him with suspicious looks, whilst the others barely took any notice of him, instead staring off into the distance and thinking of dinner. None of them regarded him with the same fearful respect as they had Draco's father, and whilst he was used to it by now, Draco resented every time he was faced with the fact. No - they reserved that level of respect for the Dark Lord, and him alone. Before the doors had even swung shut behind him, one of the men who seemed to be holding a rag doll in one of his hands threw the figure forward at Draco's feet. Draco at first didn't even comprehend that it was a person, and was readying himself to bark at them for throwing things so carelessly, before he recognised the raven black of the boy's hair and the slightness of his frame, and inwardly smiled that the sight of a broken Potter at his feet. It was a more satisfying sight than Draco had expected. Potter was bound at the wrists and blindfolded, and his clothes - Muggle clothes, of course - seemed dishevelled and torn in places. Draco nodded for the man ahead of him to remove the blindfold from Potter's head, and he did so obediently, albeit with a little resentment in his movements. Once freed, Potter didn't move. His eyes remained fixed to the floor, and he seemed to be shaking due to something other than cold. It reminded Draco of the after effects of the Cruciatus curse, which he'd both witnessed and suffered through before. Draco sent a silent look of heated rage over the men dotted around the room at the idea that they'd hurtled unforgivable curses at Potter so carelessly. None of them understood the importance Harry Potter held to the Dark Lord. They had been hunting him for years, practically since the boy's birth, and at the first sight of him they were intent on almost killing him before Voldemort had even had a look at him. Draco only hoped the Dark Lord wouldn't blame him for his men's mistake. "Stand up Potter, unless you intend to propose," he ordered in the strongest voice he could muster, and in an instant the boy's head shot up and his green eyes caught on Draco's blue. Potter's eyes became wide and vulnerable, and for a second his mouth opened but no sound came. "M-Malfoy?" he finally spluttered. "What are you doing here?" "Well, it may come as a surprise to your lack of perceptive skills, Potter, but I live