Chapter One- Katsa POV AN: This is a crossover with the books Graceling and Fire. It uses the characters from those books in the Hunger Games universe. Basically you will notice that Katsa has a supernatural ability for combat, and Po is able to hear people's thoughts about or aimed at himself. He can also see everything in a different way where distance doesn't really matter and he can see things behind him however that misses details such as colour. In the next chapter you will be introduced to Fire who is able to enter people's minds to hear what they are thinking as well as alter thoughts and memories, this also includes mind control. I'm almost certain that as long as you know that the story will make sense to someone that has never read those books. Also I have switched around the timelines so that Katniss and Peeta won the 73 rd hunger games and it is now the 74 th hunger games. I do not own Graceling or Hunger Games. Thank you for reading. The house looked abandoned. Maybe house was a bit of an over exaggeration, the unpainted wooden boards that made up the walls had cracks between them where the wind whistled through. Maybe I had mistaken the scream for something else. But then, the unmistakable sound of suppressed sobs. I think I should help, but maybe I am trying to prove something. Prove that I am not the monster that the capitol made me. Whatever the reason, I take a few steps closer to the shelter. There isn't any door at the entrance; Just a piece of ripped and worn cloth, flapping in the wind. I rip the fabric away. Inside the shack a horror unfolds, only made more terrifying by its reality. A young black haired girl cowers in the corner as a coal-blackened man stands over a woman lying curled up, bleeding on the ground. As the man notices me he delivers a fierce kick to the back of the woman's neck. She goes limp and the little girl lets out a more audible sob. It's a horrible thing, but I'm used to this. The woman is obviously dead, but the girl still has time. Before the man can make another move I shove the heel of my hand forcefully up towards his nose. It is a practiced move; I can calculate exactly how much force I need to make it a killing blow or a maiming blow. He drops to the ground to join the woman in death. I am a monster, but I will be a monster with good intentions. I know it was the right decision when the little girl looks up at me, not with fear or disgust, but with gratitude. This was not a one-time occurrence. The little girl opened her mouth. "Katsa!" How did she know my name, I had never seen her before? Maybe she had heard of me though. District 12 wasn't a very big place, gossip spreads fast. But if she had heard the rumours, then why wasn't she afraid? She said my name again, louder this time. "Katsa! Katsa, wake up!" Then I jolted awake, my instincts forced me to be instantly alert. The knife I kept under my pillow was in my hand before I realised that I had been having a nightmare. I relaxed as I saw where I was. Light streamed in through the cracks between the walls of our small shack. Not the same shack as in my nightmare, but very similar. Po had already left, probably bartering for our breakfast. The little girl was older now, but still young, 12 years old. "Bitterblue, what's the matter?" Usually I was left to sleep until I woke up on my own; then again usually I don't have nightmares that make me sleep past my set wake up time. I guess it's true that it's hard to wake up from a nightmare when it's real. "The president has another mission for you, and you need to have enough time after that to get ready for the reaping." Bitterblue just barely bit her thin bottom lip at the mention of the reaping. It was the first time that she was eligible to be picked for the "great honour" of competing in the hunger games. After years without her father's abuse that was still the only amount of weakness she would show, and only to Po or I. Usually Bitterblue didn't reveal any emotions other than her carefully constructed mask, the fact that her mask had broken just that tiny bit told me that she was terrified. Who wouldn't be? I pretended that I missed her small show of emotion. Acknowledging her feelings made her feel weak. It was a result of her father's treatment. Sometimes I wished I hadn't killed her father so mercifully. "Where are the instructions?" My face was emotionless; I had given up on showing my bitterness at the capitol's absolute control. Bitterblue and I made quite the pair, two seemingly emotionless robots having a conversation. If Po were in the room things would probably be a bit lighter, although with how he feels about my "missions" it might not have been. In answer to my question Bitterblue handed me a thick piece of paper that was folded down the middle. It had the unmistakeable smell of blood and roses. I unfolded it, the capitol seal was clearly displayed at the top of the page, an eagle spreading its wings. Underneath the embossed image was the president's signature, I didn't doubt it was the real thing, very few people knew about my special job; this classified information would hardly be left in the hands of a secretary. I was surprised that I had been given a mission today. Law required that I attend the reaping, at 17 years old I could still be reaped. It would probably be somebody close by, either a fellow member of district twelve, or somebody in the outskirts of eleven. I didn't think I was able to be shocked by a mission anymore; I had punished some surprising people. But I was proved wrong by the words written on this card. Very simple yet specific orders Find Katniss Everdeen in the third house in victor's village. Restrain Katniss and any others with her. Find Primrose Everdeen, break Primrose's arm while Katniss is watching. Speak only to tell Katniss that she is failing. Below the writing there were labelled pictures of both Everdeens. President Snow always made his orders easy to follow and without loopholes. When he first found out about my natural abilities and demanded that I become the law enforcement for some of Panem's more difficult cases. I had resisted. He had ordered me to publicly execute someone; I dragged them into the street and snapped their neck. Apparently he wanted more of a show, more blood, and more pain. After that my instructions were specific, like he was ordering around a simple minded fool. I resented that. I hadn't resisted after that, especially after I met Po and Bitterblue. They were my greatest weaknesses, but I couldn't live without them. Just as I finished processing what the instructions required, Po walked in. He held a loaf of bread and a small block of cheese. He looked from the piece of paper in my hand to me. My shock must have shown on my face because his smile faded just a little. As he walked in he set down our meal and hugged us both. As he held me, he whispered in my ear. "Katsa, he can't control you, don't let him." Of course I knew what he was talking about, but there was no way to actually accomplish this. President Snow had cameras monitoring every district and every person whom he considered a threat. There was no way to disobey. Po knew about the cameras, that is why his little message came during a hug. So why did he need to make me feel worse. Po cringed, he had heard that one. I angrily projected my thoughts to him. "And HOW would I escape the President exactly" He couldn't answer, it might reveal his ability. Po was similar to me. When I was young, 7 or 8 years old, a peacekeeper had found me. I had been living alone for a long time and was hiding inside a doorway to get out of the rain that was viciously pounding down. He had seen me huddling there, and approached my hiding place. He had knelt down to my level. His eyes were gleaming dangerously, but his words were gentle and sweet. It was a terrifying mixture. I remember he asked me if I wanted to come to his house. He said it was warm there, but then his hand moved to my thigh. Without thinking I had punched him in the face. The force of the blow was enough that it broke his neck. The next day the President himself appeared to "offer" me training and a job. I was useless to him until I had learned enough not to outright kill people. He brought me back to the capitol. I trained in the training centre, formally used during the hunger games. I stayed in twelve's rooms and ate more food than I could have imagined. The training started with me trying out the weapons. I mastered them easily with the help of instructors who came in daily. Soon I started fighting people. For a year my only break from training was when the tributes from the games used the facility. On my last day of training, I remember Snow watching from behind a protective force field. That fight was a particularly taxing exercise. I was unarmed against 6 peacekeepers in full uniform, firing to kill. My supernatural fighting abilities let me anticipate where a bullet would hit, almost before the trigger was pulled. With almost superhuman speed I was able to dodge the bullets that were continually fired in my direction. Every movement was carefully planned, bringing me closer to my opponents Once I was close enough the real fighting began. For this drill I had been ordered to injure, but not kill the peacekeepers. I dropped to the floor and tripped the first peacekeeper just as he pulled the trigger. The bullet intended for me hit one of his comrades in the shoulder. Their moment of shock allowed me to deliver a quick jab to their temples, knocking them out. The remaining peacekeepers tried to shoot while I was close to the ground. Springing up to my feet, I dodged just in time. I moved behind the closest one and at the same time as he pulled the trigger, I knocked his hand just enough so that it hit another's foot. Those two were quickly unconscious. Seeing that I only used their weapons against them, the last two peacekeepers holstered their guns. In hand to hand combat they were almost too easy to beat. Their uniform made them clumsy, and they couldn't move fast enough to dodge or block my constant attacks. When I was done I looked up to see Snow watching me with a calculating eye. That day I also had my first mission. Afterwards I no longer lived in the capitol, I didn't have any extra food at the end of a meal and I certainly didn't have a house. I was just a tool to be used and then put back in district twelve until my next use. That's why they couldn't find out about Po. Po could read any thoughts that were about him. At first this had terrified me, a person who could tell when I was lying. See through my mask and know what I was feeling even when I couldn't. But Po's abilities had limits. He couldn't just see any of my deepest darkest secrets, it had to concern him. He also