AN: So here's the story I promised to do that is original and different and the thing is that this idea came to me when I had read The Destiny of Perseus Jackson so that story is my inspiration for this. Why will this be different, well how Artemis and Percy meet is totally different and I have never seen it like this. Also this will probably be a harem as I am just promoting other people to do pairings that are in this story. Now this is the reader's choice, which would you rather have, Percy and the Hunt or Percy with the Goddesses such as Artemis, Hestia, Athena, Demeter and Aphrodite. I hope that it you guys would choose the goddesses one because the story would be more exciting if I did this... You know what fuck it just tell me what pairing you want this story to have and tell me why if you want me to do Pertemis then why? Perlia? Perzoe? Can be anything, do not doubt my storytelling ways. Just tell me in the reviews what you would like to have and be passionate and creative in the response. I will also say that Percy has the ability to talk to me sometimes and I talk to him. Kind of a fourth wall kind of thing. Also I might have a rant at the end. So I hope you enjoy and leave a favorite, a follow and a review. In a void. A woman who was wearing dark black clothes was weeping as three ladies tried to comfort her, "We will find him." The woman merely shook her head, "How can you find him, he's gone!? It's my fault! I was too careless and look at what happened." The woman was still sobbing as her curly black hair was covering her face but you could still see the tears that were still flowing down her face, "How will I explain this? How will I explain to everyone that I lost my son? I'm a terrible mother!" She then started to cry some more as the three ladies could do nothing so they left her to unleash her sorrow in the void. Back on Earth An eight year old Percy was walking through the streets of New York. If you could look closer, you would see the angry look on his face as he was mad. Today was his birthday and here he was walking to the closest bakery. Why should I get my own birthday cake?! I mean it's my birthday at least he would be a bit nice and drop me off with his stinking car but no. He had to throw a beer bottle near my face and then tell me to get it myself and buy him a six pack. He groaned out loudly and saw a fence nearby as he kicked it, I hate Gabe, all he ever does is drink, play cards with his friends, lose his money, make me play so that he can win it back. He then insults and hurts me and worst of all he also does the same thing to mom. He looked at the sky and pondered, Why did Mom go with him? She said that it would be for my own good but all he ever does is bad stuff. He then sighed as he remembered his Mom's description of his real father. If Mom says that Dad is so great then why did he leave us. Was I really that bad that he had to leave? He then shook his head to get rid of his current thoughts, Shake it off Percy. Mom says it will get better and I believe her although this is probably the worst birthday yet. Our favorite demigod was now searching for the bakery but was now lost as he found himself near a playground, Where is that bakery? I could've sworn it's near here. He then looked at the sky and couldn't help but smile when he saw it. Blue somehow made it happy, blue colored food was his favorite and he did enjoy swimming. Actually he did not know why blue was his favorite color but he just felt happy with the color. So he decided to look at the blue sky. I hope that he drinks all of his six pack and then gets so drunk that he sleeps so that me and Mom can celebrate. Then we'll finally be happy even for a night and then who knows maybe our lives could get better. That's actually funny, why am I talking about fate like I'm so sure that my life is going to change right- His thoughts were interrupted as he fell down to the ground and landed on his butt. He then looked to see something that held his breath for two reasons. He saw a girl who was around twelve or thirteen; her auburn hair was gathered back in a ponytail and silver eyes. He held his breath as he could not believe how beautiful this girl was and the other reason was that this girl was now glaring at him. Shaking his thoughts of, he immediately stood up and went to the girl as he offered to help her stand up, "Are you alright?" He didn't get an answer as the girl did not stop glaring and simply slapped his hand away, "I have no need for your help, boy." Percy was shocked at what she said. All he did was try to help her get up and he knew it was his fault but why did this girl have such a huge stick up the butt. He then said, "What's with your attitude? I know it's my fault but you didn't have to say it like that." The girl merely ignored him as she said, "You are the one who hit me thus I merely answered back. You are lucky boy that I am in a good mood." Percy growled a bit as he had enough of this girl's attitude. "Oh yeah! I can't tell, maybe it's because of your huge stick up your butt." The girl sent a chilling glare at him which caused Percy to cower and immediately apologize for what he said. "I'm sorry! I was way out of line, I forgot what my mom said about girls. Please, don't hurt me." The girl sighed, "I am not going to hurt you-" With that Percy breathed in a sigh of relief, "-yet." He then immediately cowered as the girl sighed again. He is just the same as every boy I have met. She then looked at him and noticed his unkept black hair and sea green eyes, He looks really familiar. Percy then blinked twice, "Um, why are you looking at me?" Artemis sneered, "What makes you think I am doing that, boy?!" Percy again whimpered as the auburn haired girl sighed again, "Quit whimpering like a coward, just tell me why you decided to bump into me without looking." Percy then stopped as he said, "Well I was on my way to get my birthday cake since it's my birthday." The girl's eyebrows were raised at that, "Why are you getting your own cake? Don't you have parents to do that for you?" The girl saw Percy's face darken at that as she also saw his eyes that were filled with sadness, "I want my parents to be with me but my father left my mother when I was born. My mother got together with a new guy who I hate because he hits me and mom." Percy didn't see the rage of the girl as she then calmed herself down, No, I cannot allow him to go to the hunt even though he seems nice and is a bit different. I should be able to offer some help. The girl then said, "I don't know if I can forgive you boy but consider this a lesson." She then started to walk away, I can't help you. That will go against my beliefs. Before she could disappear into the crowd, a hand caught her arm. She turned around to see Percy as he scratched the back of his head and sheepishly laughed, "We got on the wrong side but my name is Perseus Jackson or you can call me Percy." The girl was trying to figure out what Percy was trying to accomplish but nonetheless sighed, "My name is Artemis." He then smiled, "Wow, that's a nice name. Um… can you sit next to me?" He unknowingly used the puppy dog look as Artemis was crumbling, No… must… resist. She noticed his naivety and innocence and then decided, I'll do what he says but in the first instance of something shady then I will leave immediately and go back to my Hunters. "Fine." The two then walked to the playground as they sat on the swings. There were only two so Percy decided to sit on the left while Artemis was on the right. Percy was swinging slowly, "So you're name comes from the Greek myth right?" Artemis nodded but inside was snickering, If only he knew that those were real. He then looked at her, "Why is Artemis like that?" Artemis was confused, "What do you mean?" He stopped swinging, "You know… what that word… that mom said…is" He then had a light bulb on his head, "Oh yeah, a sexist." A sizable tick was seen on Artemis' head and almost drew her bow but then stopped to remind herself, He's just a boy. A stupid and naïve boy who doesn't realize that he's talking to a goddess. She tried to mask her anger in her voice, "Why do you think that?" Percy shrugged his shoulders, "I don't know from what my teacher said in Greek mythology. All I know is that Artemis hates guys with a passion. I mean she killed that guy who accidentally saw her bathe and turned him into a deer and have her hunting dogs tear him apart." She gained two ticks, Must… not kill this ignorant boy! He had the gall to say that he must have him. Percy didn't even see the ticks on her head and decided to continue. "Another one is that girl who got Zeus' baby. I don't get how she turned her into a bear because she didn't say that she was pregnant. I mean it wasn't her fault that she got a baby in the first place, it's Zeus. I don't know I find it kind of cruel." Artemis gained several more ticks, She broke her vow and refused to even tell me about it! Percy continued, "Then we have the one where someone insulted her mother. Now that's really bad but to kill her children and you become a monster." Artemis had her right hand on her bow and was about to get it as Percy then decided to look at her. He was a bit confused as to why she looked angry, "Is there something wrong, Artemis?" She was enraged at this point, Percy had insulted her many times without realizing it, "Is there something wrong? Of course, there is! You have just insulted m-" She then had to remind herself that she couldn't reveal her true identity as Percy's eyebrows raised up, "Oh, I'm sorry I didn't know that you like Artemis." Artemis then instantly gained a smug look as she stood up from the swing, "Of course she is an inspiration for all maidens like myself." Percy chuckled at that, "No wonder your name is Artemis. Your parents must have thought she was beautiful to call you that." Artemis froze as he had indirectly complimented her and was about to turn him into a furry animal. She then resisted doing so and just sat back as Percy sighed, "I'm not insulting your favorite goddess but I'm just saying is that not everyone is perfect. I heard that