AN: I apologize if you were looking for a new chapter to Change the Fates but this is a new story and I will say that the pairing for this is unknown for the moment. I will say this now but there will be a slight crossover with other stuff like how I normally do. The major one will be Pokemon as Percy will use them to aid in his fight. If you are turned off because of this, I highly respect that but if you want the weird and unique… I welcome you to this adventure. I will not bring all of the pokemon but only some and those will be my favourites. If you want to suggest then feel free to do so via reviews or pm's. Anyways… holy WOW! Magnus Chase was awesome and I can't wait for the Hammer of Thor. Rick is back in form and I hope this Norse stuff will be fantastic. Tell me if you liked it! Hope you will enjoy this and see you all later. Disclaimer: I do not own Percy Jackson as it is Rick's property and I do not own Pokemon as that is owned by Satoshi Taijiri. I do not earn any profit from this but I do earn the love of readers. Percy POV It's been two weeks since the whole fiasco that happened in Camp Half-Blood. I saved my best friend from getting hitched to a half-brother, cleared the crime of my teacher and saved my cousin. Thalia's been nice although it was painful to get hit by lightning bolts especially when I had to explain what happened to Luke and how he almost killed her with the snake's poison. The two of us would spar regularly even more than Clarisse and I'm still nervous when looking at her shield, Aegis. Somehow my skill with Riptide was equal to her using a spear and shield. I wanted to have some alone time and Chiron granted it. I've been staying at Mom's but I'm still suspicious. I mean I'm supposed to be a big tasty meat on a dangling hook to monsters but there have been none ever since I stepped into Manhattan. Either they're too scared of me… I don't think that happened or someone's keeping them busy. Anyways it's been cool to have no bothers and now I was on my way to buy groceries for Mom but something really caught my eye. I heard a small yelp in the alley and then I thought, 'This usually ends up with me saving the day or being caught up in another mess.' I heard another yelp again and decided to curse my hero instincts as I walked ever so silently towards the source. Di immortales! It seems that I can't take a break as I saw five hellhounds gather at the end of the alley. All of them were looking at something as their target was cowering in front of them. I looked even closer and found a strange animal. Change to third person ( AN: This feels so much better but I may do POV's in the following chapters ) The creature that Percy was talking about looked like a little dinosaur whose body was orange and the son of Poseidon could clearly see a small flame on its tail. The hellhounds were barking and slowly moving towards it as the little dinosaur backed to the wall. Percy could tell it was crying as his mind was telling him that these were monsters and that he shouldn't help but his instincts said otherwise, Oh well I have to be the nice guy anyway. With a click of his trusty pen, Riptide emerged from his right hand, "Hey!" The hellhounds turned away from their original target and saw instead a demigod. "Pick on someone your own size, mutt breath." All of the hellhounds growled as Percy went into a stance with Riptide pointed towards the monsters. One of them charged as Percy expertly side stepped and decapitated the beast turning it into gold dust, Good thing they don't know that you need to surround someone to beat them instead of this being an action movie. The hellhounds then surrounded him as Percy cursed to himself, In the name of Hades, I hate my luck. The hounds of the Underworld soon pounced on the son of Poseidon as he used his water powers to propel himself up. He then blasted a solid blast of water on one of the hellhounds which sent it crashing to the wall. As soon as he landed, he kept on avoiding the beasts' attacks because aside from the wounds, he had to worry about the poison that could definitely kill him since he was far away from Camp. He then ran towards the two hellhounds that were behind him and ducked as one once again pounced but the black haired demigod countered this when the hellhound opened its mouth. The beast did not expect Riptide to cut it in half as Percy proceeded to spin and stab the other one in the neck causing both monsters to dissolve into golden dust. There were only two more hellhounds that were left as he dashed towards the two. He unleashed a water tendril that smacked the other hellhound away and proceeded to use his powers to freeze the one in front of him. The hellhound became a block of ice which Percy quickly destroyed and looked around to find the other one but he couldn't. Did he run away? His answer came when the hellhound appeared out of the shadows and bit our hero on his right arm. Percy shouted as he felt the pain and the damage was already doing its work. His right arm was feeling a bit numb and it was a struggle to hold Riptide in his hand. Percy tried to get the hellhound off but the dog simply dug down deeper as the demigod let go of his sword. Upon seeing this, the beast let go and tossed Percy aside which made him crash to the ground. Luckily for him Riptide was a few inches away from him but unfortunately for him the hellhound pounced and stepped on his arms. Percy couldn't reach for his sword and the hellhound was about to kill him. He tried to conjure up his powers but unfortunately he needed his hands for that and they were preoccupied. A lone tear escaped from his eye as he closed it, I'm sorry everyone. The hellhound growled as it went in for the kill but it was knocked off of the demigod. Percy's eyes opened to see the familiar dinosaur like creature standing beside him as if it was protecting him from the hellhound. The monster growled at the other and the dinosaur responded by opening its mouth and the flame on its tail burned intensely. The small creature let out a small fireball from its mouth as it hit the hellhound's face causing it to stagger because its face was on fire. Percy wasted no opportunity and grabbed Riptide. The demigod swung it at the hellhound causing it to become gold dust as Percy fell to the ground due to his still bleeding wound. The little dinosaur jumped in surprise and ran to the bleeding demigod. It saw Percy's ragged breathing, "Char char Charchar!" Percy could only smile, "Man, I didn't even know why I did this? But in any case, I'm glad you're all…" His vision was darkening, "…right." The next thing he realized it that his body felt peaceful and serene. He couldn't feel, see or hear anything so the demigod could only come to one conclusion. Did I die… But I should be in DOA Records and I should have already seen Charon. ' Afraid not child.' The voice came out of nowhere as Percy sat up and screamed a bit and looked left and right and saw nothing. The boy sighed in relief as he thought it did happen what he was thinking about. "Well I can see nothing… Holy ZEUS! WHERE AM I?!" Percy realized that he was looking at literally nothing. Everywhere he looked it was just pure darkness. All he could basically see was himself, Is this a dream? 'It seems that you are confused young one.' Percy turned around and his jaw dropped at what he was seeing. It looked like a centaur without the human half of it; its body color was white with a gray, vertically-striated underside. The pattern of which has similar recurrences on the underside on its mane, tail, and face, and its pointed feet are tipped with gold hooves. Its mane was quite long, jutting away from the head, as its face was grey with green eyes and red pupils. There was a green circular pattern below its eyes. The creature's head had a gold coloration on its head with its ears pointing upwards. Its neck is fairly long, with two pairs of extrusions to the sides, and a flap-like feature on the neck's underside that is colored white like much of the body. It also has a golden cross-like wheel attached to its body by its round abdomen. The wheel had four jewels attached to it while the pattern of striated gray of the tall beast's underbelly resumes past its waist. Its underside of its limbs also was gray in coloration, with extrusions at the tops of the legs. The creature's tail was fairly like its mane in shape and coloration. 'I see that you are not aware of where you are, Perseus.' The said demigod was confused about a lot of things ranging from who this was to how did it know his name. He could hear the voice in his head and figured that the voice came from the creature that looks like a centaur. 'Well I did make them.' Perseus was shocked that it read his thoughts. He heard a heavy sigh, 'Please stop calling me it. You're hurting my feelings.' "What am I supposed to call you then and how can you read my mind? I thought only gods can do that." He then saw the jewels light up as he heard an explosion and saw a galaxy being made. The surprise caused the demigod to fall on his butt as he was still wondering what was going on. 'I will tell you my name, Perseus. I am Arceus, God of All Monsters.' Arceus exclaimed his name as Perceus saw another explosion and this time a planet had exploded. "Where are we and how is there a god of monsters?" Arceus chuckled at Percy's questions. "I will explain it like this young Perseus. We are in my world and if you are wondering why it looks like we're in space because my world is in between space. The reason for that is we are simply in between every world ever created throughout the vast universe." Percy was a bit confused although Arceus went on, 'To your question on having a god for monsters. I can only say that if there are a lot of individuals who begin to wish. A god might be created because of this.' "Who wished for you then?" Arceus nodded and Percy saw a large sphere that was showing him images of a boy of his age with a cap and a yellow mouse on his shoulder, a group of kids that looked younger than him with different looking monsters, a man with glasses and a red cape while holding two guns and a hundred demons who were following a guy with a short katana and white long hair that was pointed. 'Monsters. All from either this world or the many other worlds that currently exist within the multiverse. They either want help, glory, thanks, etc. Because of this I was born and if you are wondering, I began to exist when Gaea and Ouranos made their first child.' Percy nodded, "So