Disclaimer; I do not own the Hunger Games nor its characters **Rated M due to content & language. You have been warned.** This is the sequel one shot to, Left Alone. To Begin Again Training Center-Medical, 71/2 months later: Portia had been trying to help Katniss mend her broken heart. She saw what damage Peeta had done. When Peeta had to make an appearance, Portia sent one of the less experienced assistants to style him. Haymitch, Finnick & Annie was barely civil with him. Johanna was down right rude to him calling Peeta & his now fiancée, Dirt Bags Inc. Cato was civil to Crystal & flat out snubbed Peeta any chance he got. If Peeta would put his hand out to shake as a token of peace, Cato refused to take it & would pointly walk away from him without a second glance. The rest of the Victors followed suit in snubbing the couple. Peeta blamed this on Katniss. He curses the day that he was ever partnered with the fucking Girl on Fire in the games. He hated when they were kids from the first day of school. Damn her & that screeching seam rat voice of hers. Can't the dumb bitch take a hint & just fucking die. Peeta then & there double his efforts to hurt Katniss while she is in hiding. Every chance he got he told others he wasn't the father of the baby which is why he will not have to take a DNA test because Katniss 'forced' him to sign 'papers' stating that he's not the father. Later when they talked to Haymitch & found Peeta just signed away his parental rights. However Haymitch added that Peeta was never forced to sign the papers he did it willingly. This left Peeta seething so he consulted a lawyer who told him if Katniss signs a statement saying he is not the father of the child or, allows the testing to prove that he is not the father. Peeta was now determined to hunt Katniss down & make her sign the statement or, he swore that kid will be an orphan upon its birth. Katniss had her thick titanium ice walls up & in full force. Due to her night terrors, she up most of the night & barely functioned during the day. It was to the point that she & the baby were up at night getting about 4 hours of sleep at dawn. After running into Haymitch during an event at the Capitol, Cato found this out about Katniss. "Haymitch how's it going?" "Portia is worried again about the project. Only getting about 4 hours of sleep just before dawn to start the day again." Cato knew 'the project' meant Katniss. Its their little code that they developed to make sure Peeta doesn't get wind of where Katniss is hiding. "Oh? Maybe I can stop by later & talk to her. ( looking over & seeing his least favorite couple coming up to them ) Maybe that will help." "I hope so." "Later Mitch." Seeing Peeta & Crystal approach them. " Later Cato ." Cato didn't even acknowledged the couple as he left. This infuriated Peeta as he went up to his former mentor & now fellow Victor to chat. Cato continued onward to the exit & left to go to the suite in the training center. When he arrived there Cato went to his rooms first, changed out of the formal wear to his joggers got into the elevator & went up to the penthouse where Portia is fixing Katniss a snack. Looked at Cato & breathed a sigh of relief. "Thank god, its you. She's had three of them so far tonight alone." Cato knew what ' them ' meant. He still has 'them ' off & on to this day. Anybody who survived the arena let alone two arenas still have them to this day. "Give me that Portia. I got it." Cato went into the room where he saw Katniss, reading. Pale, shoulders hunched over. Dark circles under her puffy eyes a clear indication that she has not been resting has she should be. Her looks hardened from everything that she had to cope with. The death of Prim, the breakup, the miscarriage of the twin, the lies that were being spread about her & being cooped up on bed rest for the last 6 months is taking its toll on her. She refuses to break down yet, still didn't even realized that he was in the room. Cato didn't like what he saw & decided then & there to take charge of the matter. He walks over takes the paper out of her hands and before she can even say ' hey ' Cato stops her. "Katniss, its not about you anymore. You can have it back after you get some rest. Here's some food, eat." "But Cato its no use. I don't sleep well at night." "According to Haymitch you don't sleep at all until dawn for about four hours & you are not eating enough. I'm here now. At this point the Doctors are about to admit you in to put you under so the two of you will get some rest. Believe me from experience, that's even worse. So you are going to put the work down, eat your snack & then get some sleep. Don't worry I'm not going anywhere." "It's not that. I still have the nightmares. From everything." "That's why I'm here. Eat. I'll be right back." Cato text Haymitch stating he's helping out with the project along from here on. Then, had a servant go & get the rest of his clothes from D-2 suite for the stay. Downstairs just after Peeta & Crystal left, Haymitch receives a text; "Helping with the project from here on. Will update soon." Haymitch mutters; "About time." Cato returns to the room after getting his gear from the servant to find Katniss nodding off. He took the tray & set it aside. Immediatley Katniss started to figet. Cato got in on the other side & gathered her close resting her head on his shoulder until she calmed down. Closed his eyes for a few. The next thing they both know its morning as they hear a knock on the door. It's one of the servants bringing in her breakfast. "We slept the whole night through?" "Yes Fire Girl. Now you need to eat. Then you can work on your project for a little while." "Cato I can't eat all of this. I'm eating for two not twenty." "Eat what you can. You maybe surprised." "Okay but don't get mad when I say I told you so." Twenty-five Minutes later; "I can't believe I ate all that." "I can, you went for seconds. Feel better?" "A little. Not use to this much sleep." "Get use to it. We're here for you but you have to let us be there for you. You got to rest & take it easy. Come on you are going to get a shower & today you are taking a half day off. From here on you are working only half days." From then on Cato stayed with her there in the Capitol. Cato had her on a schedule so she could get the care she needed. During this time Katniss's walls started coming down as she opened up more to Cato. Yet all knew it was a matter of time before the sisutation came to a head. It did when Peeta made an unexpected visit to the D-12 suite to talk to Haymitch again about the snubbings. Cato & Portia had went to get more of Katniss's targeted craving food & Haymitch was called out to another floor with Effie. He was showing Crystal around the suite when he heard Katniss talking to the President on a draft of a new law. He decided to barge in without knocking. "So this is where you been hiding Seam Mutt." Katniss for over seven months has living in fear & anger since that fateful day. For each time she plays that DVD footage the anger builds. The anger from the lies he told her, Haymitch & the other Victors as fueled it even more. She has had enough. She has been biding her time to fight back. To confront Peeta Mellark for what he did to her and quite frankly she didn't give a holy shit who heard it nor who the hell saw it anymore. "Madam President, can you send somebody over please. I have unwelcome vistors in my rooms. ( after she hangs up) Well hello Dirt Bag. I see they let the Virginity Stealing Rapist out." "I'VE NEVER RAPED YOU! !" "Oh, Mr. Mellark I beg to differ. Let me show those present how you took my virginity the night 'this' child & its' late twin was conceived." Katniss had a copy of the DVD put in by an Avox servant. It was taking everything Katniss had within to keep calm. "I think you should leave Mellark." Has Crystal & Peeta look to see Cato & Haymitch there in her doorway. "This is long from over. Remember Momma's baby, Daddy's maybe." At that Cato walks over to Peeta grabs & shoves him toward Haymitch. As they left, Katniss's eyes started to roll back . She starts shaking as her blood pressure spiked which triggers a seizure. Cato went to her & held her down as Portia called the medics. Haymitch grabbed Peeta by his shirt. Has he spoke it was in a low growl: "Listen YOU will leave her alone. DO. YOU. HEAR. ME? You are getting the treatment you gave Katniss all the time she saved your ass in both of those arenas & during the rebellion. NOW LISTEN UP & LISTEN GOOD. YOU STAY AWAY FROM BOTH OF THEM. CATO has been through enough too. If you can do that, I'll help get them (the Victors) to accept you two. For now, get out of my sight." Peeta & Crystal left has the medics arrived. They go into the suite to see a concerned Cato telling her to hang on. "Hang on Fire Girl. Help is on the way. Stay strong for the baby Katniss. Don't let them win. You're a fighter, just hang on." Katniss was taken to the medical center then transferred to the hospital. Haymitch still couldn't believe that has sick as she was of all the times to confront her ex & in a sense her rapist, wow. He even had to say she had a pair of brass ones. "Cato I wouldn't have believe it unless I saw it. Hell she not only confront the dirt bag, she showed his fiancée what he did to her. While she is suppose to be on bed rest. Wow." " Both Portia & I knew this day was coming. I wished it was later after, the baby's birth." "You're kidding me, right. She would shot his nuts off with a dull arrow if it was after the baby's birth." Katniss wakes up to beeps of the monitors with Haymitch sitting in a chair, Portia sleeping in the other & Cato standing holding her hand on the other side of the bed. "Cato? Willo.." "Shh. Willow is fine. The baby is safe, she's fine Katniss. However, you're here until term." "Hey Sweetheart. You are not to scare us like that again. Also docs orders no more work." " Well shit, no more sun rises on the roof either. Great, now all I need is the I love me jacket for the matching rubber room to complete the gone bat shit crazy look. Who is going to help Paylor? We need to get that..." Cato cuts her off; "Jo's got it for you from here on. Shhh... You need to rest. Both of you. We're here. Shhhh..." Has Katniss falls back asleep. Haymitch & Cato start to