****Disclaimer; I don't own the Hunger Games or it's characters.***** Child Warrior, The Willow Years The Sequel to the story To Begin Again. The third in its series. Heads up M for a reason. Strong language, possible scenes of violence & descriptions of rape may be included in this part. YOUR discretion on YOUR part is highly advised. YOU have been warned my dears. **This will have jumps in time as Willow gets older & what she has to go through in life in dealing with her peers & especially her biological father. Heads up long one.** Two Months Later, District Two- Victor's Village; Cato can't stop looking at Willow as she sleeps in her crib. That innocent sleep that fades with life happenings & time. To Cato she is the most beautiful little girl ever. Then again he is just her Dad so he can & will be a tad bias. God he wished she was his blood. He can't imagine anybody denying her. She is her mother's with Prim's blond hair & Peeta eyes in shape not color. Nope that is Momma's too all the way. That grey fire that can reach into your soul yet they will never let you know her completely. Katniss had the surgery that repaired her heart when they arrived at the hospital in two. During this time, the DNA testing proved that Willow was Peeta's. She came from an awful event in her mothers' life but for Katniss, Willow was worth it. Caesar understood about the delay but he knows it'll be worth it in the end. The Girl on Fire, Panem's Mocking Jay has always be gold for ratings. Now she is almost fully healed. Yet Cato wanted to talk to her about something important. He hopes she'll go for it. Katniss was getting ready for Caesar's interview when he popped in to talk. "Nervous?" "A little. I've never been good at these things. According to... you know." "But, you're not alone this time." "No, I think that is what makes it easier at least, on the nerves." "Well not to make you any more nervous or, uncomfortable but there is something I wanted to talk to you about." "Yes, Cato just spit it out." "Actually I wanted to know if you would like to start going out together as a couple?" "You want to date me?" "Yes." "I have to try something first. Can you come a little closer." Cato comes closer until he sitting next to her. "And that is K..." Katniss makes the first move & lays a lip lock on Cato. Cato responds to the kiss by molding himself to her. He pulls her on top of him until they come up for air. Both smiling at each other. "Well I can say, you weren't attracted to me for my girlish figure." Both crack up laughing . "So do we tell Caesar?" " Only if he brings it up ." They do the interview from their house in District Two. Finally Katniss gets to tell her side of it. And she did leaving nothing out, Katniss told Caesar about the 'real' Peeta Mellark. All without mentioning his name once which impressed both Caesar & Cato. During a commerical break, Cato went & got Willow to show Caesar. Caesar asked her a fews off the record questions: " Katniss, is there life after Peeta Mellark for you?" Katniss knew what he meant yet was still shy about it in a way. "Yes old friend, there is indeed life after Peeta Mellark. I just had to find the right one to come along." "I knew it. Would you mind if I ask that question at the end?" "Caesar go for it." "So finding out everything about Peeta like you did, how are you coping?" "Caesar ask me that during the interview & I will tell you." Just then Cato came with Willow & they went back on the air. Caesar for a moment was mesmerized by Willow then realized that apologized to the telelvision audience. "I have to apologize to everyone in our viewing audience. I was just so mesmerized by this little beauty." Cato nods in agreement; "I do that all the time. Like her mother, a rare beauty." Katniss then asked Caesar; "Would you like to hold her?" "May I? (Has Katniss hands over Willow to Caesar he is just awe struck.) I must say Katniss, you were a beautiful baby. Except for the blond hair, she looks just like you." Cato then said; "See Katniss I told you. Even Caesar thinks Willow looks like you." " Oh you don't think she looks like you Katniss?" "She looks more like Prim did when she was a baby. She's so mellow like Prim was." "I can't imagine anybody denying her." "Yet there was one." "Yes, during the commercial break I had asked you coping with everything you had found out about Mr. Mellark?" "Well Caesar, I think I did pretty good. I channeled all my anger, pain & use it for a greater good for the country. While confined to bed rest during the time I carried Willow, I help the President draft laws on domestic abuse, domestic violence, programs for victims of those crimes, programs for a more just police force & their training for the law instead of abuse of power, made hunting legal so families wouldn't have to starve & programs to improve education for all the districts. Instead of wallowing in self pity, I worked through the pain. I have been working most of my life so, that helped along with Cato helping me to see the bigger picture. What didn't help was the rumors & lies that were spread about Cato, Willow or, me. ( At that point Willow started to fuss a little ) That was low & beneath anyone's intelligence to believe in them. " Has Caesar hands back Willow; "Thank you for allowing me to hold her. She is by far the only baby I wanted to hold forever. She is so mellow. Well, did we prove a certain person right or, wrong? Bigger picture." Both Cato & Katniss knew what he meant in this question so they answered it honestly; "Yes on both accounts; One, for the DNA part in proving Willow's biological father wrong. Two, for you proving us wrong." "Me? How is that you two? Come on I'm sure everyone is on pins & needles to know." "Katniss & I are a couple. We started out as friends with a common goal & that being the safe arrival of Willow. During all this we helped each other through our break-ups & I was allowed to adopt Willow so she will be protected from the nastiness of others. This was the next natural step & we have you to thank for that Caesar." "Me?" "You were the one that gave us the courage to try." Two years later; Willow is in her room playing when she toddles over to a chest & opens it. There are pictures in it of a strange man. A man Mommy won't talk about him & Dad wants to punch him into next week. Katniss walks in & Willow hands her the picture. "I see you found it again, Willow. One day when you are bigger we will talk about this but for now, lets keep it our little secret." "Daddy." "Hey Willow. Bed time." "Night, night Daddy." "Nighty, night big girl." Both of them close the door & go back to their room. During the last two years hasn't always been roses when you are co-parenting & living together. Yet it worked. Katniss found that the two of them are more alike than they thought. The one constant reminder of a pain in the ass, Peeta has been remarkably absent yet it hangs like a cloud over them. That was until Haymitch told them the deal he struck with Peeta while he was in the holding cell of the Capitol the day Willow was born. They hoped he would stay away period. Now has for Peeta & Crystal were married for over two years. It was the only time that Peeta was allowed in District Two. A wedding to a Victor is a big event anywhere in the country. All Victors usually attend the event. Yet for all the Victors there who did show for the nuptials, two that were noticeably missing . When asked Peeta replied "Don't know." When they asked Haymitch he replied "Dude seriously do you think that Victors Cato Stone or, Katniss Everdeen would want to attend the wedding of their ex-fiancées? Let's put our thinking caps on people, geez." A year later their son named Bran III arrived. They currently live in District One. Cato & Katniss were dating about year when on her birthday in front of everyone, Willow took her first steps to them. Cato gave her present on bended knee. For Katniss it was a greatest birthday in her life. However their wedding was a show stopper when during the march Willow, breaks away from Katniss & runs right to Daddy. Then Willow tells everybody, "My Daddy! Mine!". It's the only wedding in history that officiate was in tears laughing with the Bride & Groom. As always a Victor's wedding is a big event. So imagine when two Victors are getting married, to each other. For the country, it was the event of the century. Now six months later Katniss has a surprise of her own. "Cato I went to the Doctor today." "Oh?" "Look (as she hands him the ultra sound picture) what's arriving just in time for Christmas." Cato was smiling as he let out a warrior cry. Then laid a lip lock on her. When they came up for air, Cato placed his hand on her stomach. When they told Willow she told them, I'm getting a baby brother for Christmas. Remembering what Katniss went through with Willow, Cato got over protective. During the whole time he almost never left Katniss's side until the baby arrived. Or in this case babies. For 8 months later on Christmas Eve little brother Aden arrived followed by his twin Anton right at midnight Christmas Day. For Willow she got her wish for brothers on Christmas. For the family was so happy they didn't think anything could take that away. Until a package arrived for Willow four days later. When Cato opened it there was two letters & a ring in it. One letter was from Crystal stating that Peeta feels that these should go to her being that he is Willow's ' real ' father. However when Cato read the letter that Peeta wrote to her, he went ballistic. For in his letter he denies being her real father & asked that she never look for him under any circumstance. Cato talked to Haymitch about this. "Willow is too young. She's 3 & 1/2, she won't understand this crap." "I knew that son of a bitch wouldn't keep his word for long. I should've left him in that fucking cell." Has he got up to call Peeta. Haymitch went into the study & called him on his cell: "Peeta, didn't I say unless its a medical emergency NOT to contact them until Willow was 18?" "YOU haven't kept up your end of the bargain Haymitch. We're still getting snubbed by the other Victors. So if you want me out of their lives until she's 18, uphold your end asshole!" "Alright Peeta. NOW HEAR. THIS. YOU WILL obey me or, I WILL play those treasonous dvds for the world to see. GET IT! I will have my lawyer draw up a contract stating that only in an medical emergency are you to have contact with this FAMILY! The ONLY way you will contact them until the day that I die, is through me period. NO mailing packages, letters or even emails. If you obey this