An alternate ending for Clove and Cato Part II Chapter 1 Eight months. Eight months, I have been pregnant. In one month, not only will I be giving birth to twins, but also the Hunger Games will begin again. They are starting early this year. The Capitol citizens are eager for the Games' arrival. The Capitol officials don't want to keep them waiting too long. However, this will be no ordinary Hunger Games. Every 25 years, there is a Quarter Quell. A Quarter Quell is when the game makers add a new element to teach the districts a lesson about their rebellion. In the first Quarter Quell, the districts voted for their tributes, instead of reaping someone at random. In the second Quarter Quell, two male and two female tributes were chosen. This doubled the number of tributes in the arena. Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark, my fellow tributes who were co victors with me and my husband Cato, were mentored by the victor of the second Quarter Quell. His name is Haymitch Abernathy. Who knows what the third Quarter Quell will be. I'm just glad I'll never have to compete in the games again. I just hope my kids don't have to. However, I don't need to worry about that right now. Tomorrow, we are meeting up with our escort, Pinda, our mentor, Enorbia, and I will meet with my stylist, Monte. They will prepare us for the victory tour we are required to go on to represent the Capitol's forgiveness of the rebellion. I'm not really all that happy about it, but I'm looking forward to seeing Katniss and Peeta again. I haven't seen them since we left the Capitol. I bet their jaws will be on the floor when they see how much my belly has grown. Cato is also upset that we have to go on this tour. He just wants to disappear from the prying eyes of Panem. They all want to know what we are up to now. I'm kind of nervous about being on live TV again, especially with my ever growing abdomen. I am worried about them judging me, but I am way more concerned about being able to live up to the Capitol's expectations. If I don't they could kill me, Cato, our parents, or even our kids. That really worries me. I can't lose any of the people I love. I need them. Chapter 2 In order to keep my mind off the upcoming tour, I will try to focus on the fact that Cato and I are hidden from the public. We have been hidden for several months. During these past few months since coming back, Cato and I have prepared a nursery for our unborn children. Its been a lot of work, but it has been worth it. The nursery looks incredible. It has tons of adorable animals and trees on the walls to give a wild and free kind of look. Also during this time, every night before we went to bed, Cato would read a children's book to them. After he finished reading, he would kiss them good night. He would then bring his face up towards mine to give me a good night kiss. It was so sweet. He still does it too. Its amazing to see this new side of him. He is no longer a ruthless killer with a thirst for blood. He has now become a father figure. He's ready to be a father. I'm ready to be a mother. Its weird to think I will be a mom, especially at such a young age. Both of us are only 17. Although, age is just a number. Anyway, tonight is our last night of privacy before the tour. We go through our nightly routine, and after we get through this, I fall asleep nestled into one of his arms. He places his other arm on our unborn children, as if this is his only way to protect them. After all, both our kids and I are the only things that he really cares about. Without us he would surely die. Chapter 3 We are awaken by a loud knocking on our door. We don't get up right away. We want to savor our last moments of privacy. That doesn't last long though. Cato pulls on a robe and goes to open the door while I mentally prepare myself for what is to come. I sit there for a few minutes, waiting for something, although I don't know what. Eventually, Cato slips into the room to tell me that Pinda, Enorbia, and our styling teams are here. After I get dressed, I go to greet them. They are extremely excited to see me. They missed me. When they see how much my pregnancy has progressed, their jaws drop. They are speechless. They take a deep breath, and begin to tell us what the plan is. We will start in District 12, and work our way backward toward the Capitol. We all have to deliver a speech in each of the districts. The speeches must praise the Capitol. Basically, we are their puppets. They are using us to deliver a message that looks like it was meant to sound like they are forgiving of the rebellion. However, in reality, we are being manipulated into intimidating them. We are to show the districts that the Capitol is in charge. Anyone who defies them, will meet their doom. I just hope that neither me nor my loved ones receive any damage from the Capitol, due to a mistake that we might make. My loved ones' fates rest on the shoulders of Cato and I. This is a matter of life and death. Chapter 4 I start to think about what I should do to ensure that my loved ones stay alive. Then it hits me. I know how to keep the Capitol from killing them. I should not meet their expectations, but I should exceed them. In this way, I can be sure that both me and the people nearest to my heart remain on this earth. If I don't succeed at this, they will die. The idea that I could cause the death of someone close to me, haunts my mind as Monte prepares me for my departure. He doesn't dress me in something too fancy. Its just a nice blue top with a simple black skirt. He is trying to make me look friendly. Believe me, I need all the help I can get for this situation. I have no problem with a fight, but I'm not so good at interacting with people. Usually, when I first meet people, I just talk about my life, Cato, or different fighting techniques. I don't have a wide array of discussion topics. However, when I'm with Cato, everything is different. There is always something to talk about when he's around. He brings me out of my shell. Apparently, Katniss and Peeta have a similar affect, although its not quite the same. I know Katniss has the same issues as me. Because of this, we can relate to each other, which makes it easy to understand how each of us is feeling. Peeta just has a way with words. He can get me to pull my walls down, just by the way he talks to me. Cato, on the other hand, is the person I love most in this world. I also trust him more than anyone that I know. Because of the fact we trust each other, we can talk about anything. I don't have to worry about saying the wrong thing when I'm with him, Katniss, or Peeta. With other people, I can't seem to function normally. Luckily, Monte is making up for this by making me look good to distract people from the fact that I'm socially awkward. Eventually, he snaps me out of my own head, and back into reality. I get my brain to relax some, so I can shift gears. I want to distract myself from all this. I eventually am able to distract myself by keeping my eyes locked on Cato. He is being dressed in the same suit that he used last year on our one year anniversary date. I can't help but smile while thinking back to that moment. After 3 hours, we are whisked away to the train station. Once we get there, there are cameras in our faces. Our lives are no longer private. Everything that is going to happen, has finally revealed itself as a reality. Chapter 5 Once on the train, Pinda sits us done to review the schedule once more. I can't really focus on it though. My brain is numb from all the thinking I did just this morning. I squeeze Cato's hand so I can keep myself from drifting off into my own head. When I hold his hand, I tend to think more logically. Pinda talks and talks for what seems like ages. After what feels like a hundred years, she dismisses us. Just before we set foot into our room, she stops us to say one more thing. We will arrive in District 12 in two hours. Therefore, we don't have time to relax. We need to prepare for our feel like they need to have a different look for everything we do so that we look fresh. They take the entire two hours to redo our hair and pick out our clothes. Its ridiculous how much time they take just for one simple task. I don't want to say anything, because I could say one wrong thing that could end in disaster. I just bite my tongue to remind myself to keep quite. They have already prepared a speech for us. We will have to write our own speeches after this. When we arrive, Katniss and Peeta, along with their team, are there to greet us. I was right. Their jaws are on the floor. They knew it had been a while since they last saw us, but they had no idea how far along I really was. They are thrilled to see us. They give us the biggest hugs. We try to chat for a little bit, but we are forced into separate rooms in District 12's justice building. Its not all that impressive inside, although my mind is going in so many different directions, I don't really take it all in. They are preparing the stage right now. Out the window, I can see people gathering. In a few minutes, Panem will get its first real view of me. The Capitol will be watching. I have to deliver this speech with great care. One misstep could mean the death of my loved ones. I take a deep breath to calm myself down, and they usher us on to the stage. Once on the stage, all eyes are on me. Chapter 6 As I walk on the stage, for what feels like an eternity, I start to lose a grip on reality. All of my senses, except for my sight, are gone. I can't even hear the Mayor of District 12 announce our presence. We are seated right behind him. I stare out into the crowd waiting to be called up for my speech. While I wait, I observe the inhabitants of District 12. I never realized how poor they are. Most people are thin and pale. The majority of the men have coal stains on their clothes. Their eyes show despair. Also, the buildings here are very dilapidated. I now know how lucky we are to live the way we do. Where I come from, everyone is well fed and clean. Not to mention the architecture of my district is much more sophisticated. This place is what helped Katniss become the person she is. Everyday she would have to fight to keep her family alive. That is what made her successful in surviving the games. Survival, to