An alternate ending for Clove and Cato Part I Chapter 1 I opened my eyes to the world. As soon as the reality of life hit me, I realized my mind had already taken off without me. Today was a big day, And in three days, it will be another big day. It will be the reaping. That, however, is not the most important thing right now. Today is my one year anniversary of dating my handsome boyfriend, Cato. If my parents and his parents knew we were dating, we would both be in big trouble. His family and my family are rivals. This is only because both sides are descendants of previous victors of the Hunger Games. Each side has gone in together and destroyed each other after all the other tributes were dead. Each side has an even number of victors. My family wants to get ahead with me as a tribute. They think I will win the next games. Cato's family is the same way. I don't want to enter the arena with the man I love and have to kill him in the end. I won't kill him. Right now, however, I don't have to worry about it. I get up and get ready for my day. It all starts out normal. At the training center everything is going as usual, but I can't help but ponder what Cato planned for our one year anniversary date. Even after I leave the training center, I still keep thinking about what he has in store for me. Both of our parents are out of town for 2 days. I could spend the night with him at his house or vice versa. Now that my parents have left, I pull out my best gown. I put it on and look in the mirror. I still don't know what he sees in me. I feel pretty in this gown, but my mind doesn't think it. I hope he will like this dress. He always tells me that I don't need makeup to look pretty. He says I already am. I decide to listen and go without it. I stand in my driveway waiting for him. He pulls up in his junky little jeep. He looks very handsome in his traditional suit. Although, he is handsome regardless. I haven't seen him all day. I leap in to his arms and he holds me close to his body. It feels so warm. He picks me up and places me in the jeep. He hops in and we drive away into the night. Chapter 2 We finally reach a destination that looks so familiar to me. It's a beautiful lake. The moon and stars are reflecting off of it. It has a dock that goes about 20 feet out into it. The ground is nothing but grass for miles and miles. The space is so open. Why does it seem so familiar? Then it hits me. Why didn't I recognize it? This was where we first met and where we had our first date! We were both 12 when we met. The training center always has a meeting here to discuss with parents how thing work in the training center. The kids would hangout near the lake. I was sitting by myself at the edge of the lake, trying to take in the fact that I could die within a few years in the Hunger games, when he sits down next to me and says, "Nice place isn't it?" I simply smile and nod. I was too shy to say anything. He asks me for my name. I say it to him and think nothing of it. He introduces himself and says he will see me soon at the training center. Not much of a beginning, but it was at the training center we got to know each other better. They put us in groups based on skills. He and I were in the same group. Since neither of us really knew anyone else, we felt it would best to train together. We began our friendship here, and soon a relationship. The rest is history. I smile just thinking about our start and how we are now. He goes to open the door for me and as I step out he reaches in to the back to grab a picnic basket. I help him set it up. It may not seem like a huge romantic gesture to be here, but to me, it's the most romantic thing he could do. We did the same thing one year ago. When we sit down to eat, we talk about everything from the games, to our families, to things going on in the district, and then to our relationship. That is when the conversation starts to get really deep. We start to bring up how we met and how it lead to this moment. Its crazy to think that a few years ago we were strangers. It feels like we have known each other forever. After an hour of this deep conversation, he randomly stands up. I stand up with him wondering what is going on. He goes on to say to me, "Clove, The first time I ever saw you sitting here in this spot my gut told me that you were someone special. I followed my gut and allowed myself to open up to you. We both put our hearts on the line, which allowed us to start developing a deep relationship. It was through this deep relationship where my feelings for you grew stronger. I knew I had to be with you. Now that I'm with you, I am happier than ever before." He looks me straight in the eyes and continues with, "Clove I love you. You mean everything to me. I never want to let you go. With that I have something important to ask you." I think I know what's coming. I begin to tear up, which is rare for me. I brace myself. Its all going too fast. I don't even know if I'm ready. We are both so young. However, my heart says I'm ready. My brain says I'm not. Who do I listen to? My brain or my heart? He gets on one knee, pulls out a small box, opens it to reveal a gorgeous diamond ring and asks, "Clove, will you marry me?" Chapter 3 I nearly scream. My heart and brain are battling it out to get through to me. My heart wins. I smile and simply say, "Yes!" He places the ring on my finger, grabs me, dips me down, and gives me the most romantic kiss ever. I close my eyes and receive the kiss with delight. I try to think about our future, but I can't. This moment right now is so amazing that it is the only thing that I can think about. This is the first time in a long time that I have been able to focus on one thing. He then releases me and I hug him tight. His arms around me make me feel safe & sound. There is no one who I want to be with right now except for him. After a few moments of holding each other, I decide to ask him if he wants to spend the night at my house so we can have more time together before the reaping. Without a second thought, he agrees. We get into the car and drive to my house immediately. When we arrive we go straight to my room and begin to make out. I suppose our hormones are taking over now. Hopefully, things don't get too out of control. I'm a little nervous since he is the first guy to be in my room. I usually worry about what could happen with having a guy in my room. However, I know that Cato would never do anything to hurt me. I can trust him. I also would worry that my parents could walk in and get angry that I have brought a boy home without permission. I don't have to worry about that though. We have the whole house to ourselves. I am so happy right now. I don't know how this could get any better, except for one thing. I don't know if he wants to go that far. I know I'm ready to, but is he? Should I ask him? Should I see how things go? Should it even happen? I feel so attracted to him. I want him so bad. My love for him is strong enough to make me realize that I don't need it to be happy with him. Still, I want it. I may never get another chance. I am enjoying making out with him, and I can tell he is to. I lay on my bed and he lies on top of me. We continue making out, but I can't help but feel a very noticeable thing poking at me. He wants me too. I can feel it. He is even hinting at it. He just doesn't want me to get upset. That's why he hasn't asked. With that hint, I begin to remove his shirt. Chapter 4 As his shirt hits the floor we switch positions and he removes my dress. We continue making out for a few more minutes. He stands up and I pull down his pants. We keep making out for another few minutes. He then pulls back and asks me, "Are you sure you want to do this?" I think for a moment and tell him, "I want to go further, but I don't want to be seen just yet. How about we just do it under the covers?" He thinks about and says, "Ok, but do you have any protection we can use?" I realize I don't, but I'm in this too far to stop now. I might regret it later, but I don't want to lose this moment. I tell him that we don't need it and I think that it is unlikely to get pregnant at a young age. Even though he is unsure, he agrees and we slip under the covers. I have him remove my bra. I give him the ok to feel me there, and he does, although he questions doing so. He is so gentle. He massages them, and gently pinches them. I let out a sigh as he is doing so. It feels nice to have him touch me. After a few minutes of this he throws his underwear to the ground. He then tells me its ok to touch it. I grab it and start moving my hand up and down the thing. It sticks straight up. As I'm doing so he holds my chest and moans. Not to long after doing this, he stops me. He warns me that he is going to, well you know. He doesn't want that to make a mess in my bed. I'm glad he decided to not allow himself to do so. I then throw off my underwear. He gets the cue. He begins to massage it and I moan with pleasure. He goes in deeper and rubs this button like thing in there. That feels absolutely incredible. I really start to moan and groan. It feels so good to have his hands on my body. A few minutes pass by before I begin to climax. As soon as I do, I stop him so I too don't make a mess. He understands. Now that both of us are in our birthday suits we cuddle while waiting for our heart rates to slow down. Mine was going faster than the speed of sound. Not even five minutes later, out of impulse, I start moving my hips back and forth against his body. I guess my hormones decided that I should keep going. I know I shouldn't listen, but I do anyway. I may never get another