Hi! I came up with the idea for this story while looking up information on the books and movies online. (Before then, I had never read the Harry Potter books - I know, crazy, right?) I thought it would be interesting to see someone who lived in a world where the books were commonplace, but she had never read them - and then she becomes a part of the story herself. I hope you enjoy! (Disclaimer: Harry Potter is the property of J.K. Rowling and Warner Bros. Studios - not me.) Chapter 1: A Good Thing " He couldn't see how he and Petunia could get mixed up in anything that might be going on - he yawned and turned over - it couldn't affect them . How very wrong he was." Mr. and Mrs. Evans, of number seventeen, Tumbleweed Road, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people you'd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didn't hold with such nonsense. However, their daughter, Molly, was the exact opposite. She was the kind of girl who skipped through forests looking for fairies, who knew the lines of every Disney movie by heart, whose favorite series of books was The Land of Stories . Molly had bluish-gray eyes and brown hair brushed into a bob. Her lips were a natural pink, and freckles adorned her face. She wore purple glasses decorated with images of cartoon flowers, and other than when she was at school, her ukulele was always by her side. Molly went to a school in upstate New York, but she loathed it. She loved to learn, but the children at school were never that nice to her. The only person she could rely on was a girl named Caitlyn, who looked just like Molly but had longer hair and had no need for glasses. Caitlyn and Molly were friends for quite a long time, being in the same school since kindergarten. Like many good friends, they had quarrels every now and then. Once, the two were in their school's library, and Caitlyn was asking Molly why she never read the Harry Potter books. "Because I don't want to," Molly said simply. "But they're so good!" Caitlyn said. "And the author's amazing. Like, listen to this." She opened up one of the later books and began quoting from it, something about blood and death and stuff like that. Molly tried to listen, but it was hard. At that point, she didn't have any interest in the books. But quarrels always happen, and the girls were extremely good friends. Unfortunately for them, however, our story begins at the end of fifth grade, when Caitlyn was to move to another school in the area. The day dragged on, like always, as the girls waited for the bell that would whisk them away to summer vacation. But just before the last day of school ended, it occurred to Molly that she might never see Caitlyn again - in a town like the one the girls lived in, in a school large enough to take students from many different districts, it was extremely hard to meet up with people that you didn't know the email address of. She was tempted to ask Caitlyn how they could get together eventually, but by the time school had ended, she hadn't had the chance - she had only gotten to say goodbye to Caitlyn before parting. Almost as soon as Molly had arrived home, it was time to pack. The family was going on their yearly trip to Walt Disney World for her birthday, and even though they weren't leaving for about a month, the family liked to get things done ahead of time. Honestly, however, the packing was to distract them from the big questions they had. The school Molly was going to was hiring a new principal, and Mrs. Evans thought that it would be a perfect time to transfer to another school - maybe one in the nearby town where Molly's mom worked. Mr. Evans wasn't so sure. He thought that the family could at least give the new principal a chance. Molly wasn't sure what she wanted to do. The family still hadn't made a final decision by the time the vacation was due to start. They packed up the car and drove off to Florida, stopping along the way for bathroom breaks and meals at Longhorn Steakhouse after Longhorn Steakhouse, with a Carrabba's mixed in here and there for good measure. After a few days of travelling, the Evans family arrived in Lake Buena Vista, ready for the vacation of their lives. But that vacation would soon become longer than expected. August 17th was Molly's birthday, and the family was having a little break in their room at the Port Orleans resort when they heard a knock on the door. "I'll get it," Molly said. She hopped up from the chair that she was reading in and opened the door - and to her surprise, there was nobody there. She looked all around the doorframe to see if the knocker had left anything. The only sign that someone was actually there was a white envelope with Molly's name on it laying on the ground. Cautiously, Molly picked up the envelope and turned it over. It had a wax seal! Molly had never seen a letter that was sealed with wax, so she was very excited - she was the kind of girl who liked books made of paper, music made of vinyl, and TV shows in black and white (Bewitched was her favorite). The seal didn't look like the stickers she had seen of clumps of red - sometimes with a rose on them - stuck to letters. In fact, it wasn't even red - although it did have some red in it. It seemed to have some sort of logo for something on it - a conglomeration of different animals, namely a lion, a snake, a badger (for some reason), and a bird of some sort - an eagle, maybe? She couldn't tell from just the seal. "Mom, I found this weird letter at the door," Molly said. "Let me see," Mrs. Evans said, reaching her hand out for the envelope. Molly gave her mother the envelope, and the woman studied the writing on the front and the seal on the back. "Well, it doesn't look too bad, so I guess you can open it," she said, giving the envelope back to her daughter. Carefully, Molly ripped the paper of the envelope so as not to break the seal - this was something she was going to save. She took a piece of paper out of the envelope, throwing the now-unnecessary wrapper in the garbage can. The paper was covered in a fancy script, almost as if it had been written with a quill pen. The girl silently read the letter, which read: Hello Molly! Welcome to our program at Hogwarts! You are invited to join us for your first year of wizardry training. We understand it may be hard to arrive at the normal entrance to Hogwarts in England, so we have set up another way to the school. Simply bring this letter to the entrance of Universal Orlando's Universal Studios (when you get to the entrance, go to the right - as opposed to the left) and a representative will be waiting for you at the entrance of the King's Cross train station. You can arrive for the term whenever you please. Please do not come with anyone else other than the other people who have letters. Thank you, and we cannot wait to have you in class! Sincerely, Harry Potter Graduate of Hogwarts, The Boy Who Lived, Et Cetera Not everything made sense to the young girl, who had just turned 11 a few minutes before, but she did recognize Universal Orlando. She had been there a few times - once to actually go to the parks, the rest of the time to eat lunch at Margaritaville and shop for clothes at Fresh Produce with her mother. She had heard that they had opened a Harry Potter land at Universal, but she had never been. What was going on? Molly showed her mother the letter, and her mother frowned in perplexity. "Is this supposed to be some sort of prank?" she asked. "I don't know," Molly admitted. "I guess I could try it." Mrs. Evans sighed. "Alright, but I don't want you gone for too long," she said. "I mean, if you are gone for a while, just call me or something, okay?" Molly smiled. "Okay, Mom." Mrs. Evans was the kind of mother that always wanted the best for her child. She never wanted any harm to come to her child, and any moment that Molly was out of her sight was a moment in which her pride and joy could be taken away from her. "We'll go tomorrow, after our last day at the parks," Mrs. Evans said. "I'll drop you off at the entrance of the park, and you can go in and do whatever you have to do." "Thanks," Molly said. After the Evans family left the parks the next day, they began their drive home - with a quick detour to drop Molly off at Universal. Mrs. Evans walked Molly up to the bustle of City Walk. "Alright, so you know our home number," the woman said. "Yes, Mom," Molly said. "And Dad's cell." "Yes, Mom." Molly's tone grew increasingly annoyed. "And our work numbers." Molly rolled her eyes. "Mom, I'll be fine. At least we don't have to worry about picking a school for the year." Mrs. Evans smiled. "That is true." Molly hugged her mother one last time. "I love you, Mom," she said. "Me too," Mrs. Evans said, hugging Molly back. She gave Molly her phone and waved as her little girl walked into the park on her own. Molly, although worried she might get lost, was extremely excited to be in a theme park all alone. She picked up a map at the front entrance and started walking over to the park she needed to get to. A small line of children was forming at the entrance to Universal Studios, and Molly positioned herself at the end of it. Each child had a letter just like hers and was (probably) going to the same place. Slowly, the line moved forward, and the children walked into the park. Eventually, Molly got to the front of the line. "Can I see your ticket, please?" the woman scanning tickets said. "I have this," Molly said, holding up her letter uncertainly. The woman nodded. "I see," she said. "Go on in." Molly smiled. It had worked! "Thank you!" she said. She turned to walk into the park and maybe meet the other people that were going to Hogwarts. As she looked down at the map to see where she was going, she suddenly felt a bump from in front of her. Stumbling back, she raised her head to see a girl standing in front of her. The girl was a few inches taller than her and had golden hair pulled back into the loosest of braids. "Hi!" the girl said. "Are you going to Hogwarts, too?" Molly nodded, suddenly shy. "Cool!" She stuck out her hand. "I'm Zoë. What's your name?" Molly reached out and shook Zoë's hand. "I'm Molly - Molly Evans." "So what House do you think you're going to be in?" Zoë said. "Um...I don't know? I guess you probably have to wait until you get there to tell," Molly said, unsure of herself. "Well, yeah, you do, but you can always guess!" Zoë said. "I think I'm going to be in Slytherin, but I'm not sure." Molly nodded, though she wasn't really sure what she was nodding to. "So what do we need