Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: You're Not Getting in my Pants Rating: M Summary: Sexy, smooth college boy Edward rarely has issues getting girls into his bed. What happens when unimpressed Bella presents him a challenge? Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. You're Not Getting in my Pants She posted poetry in the school forums. That's what made Edward seek her out. They circled in the same crowds for a couple of semesters, regretfully he really never paid attention. But then Edward was pretty sure that was the point of college. Moving in different circles. Meeting new people. It happened every day for him. Monday he'd check in on his buddy Jasper's radio show at the campus station. Tuesday was Kappa Sig night at the bar, and while he had no intention of ever joining a frat, the Kappas threw one hell of a beer bust. The cheerleaders did fundraisers on Wednesday nights. Their baking was only half-ass, but their gymnastic capabilities more than made up for it. A different crowd every night. A different girl most every night. Edward started reading the poetry forums not because he loved poetry but because girls liked to write angsty poetry when they were in the middle of a breakup. A girl writing breakup poetry was ready for after breakup sex. Bella's writing was different. It was intense with such aggressive sexual undercurrents that Edward couldn't get through one without finding himself rock hard. When he finally put a face, a lovely face, with the writing, he couldn't stop thinking about wrapping her long dark ponytail around his hand and pulling it while he fucked her from behind. She was a theater kid, a set designer. They were tight-knit and didn't generally mix with other groups, but he had fucked a couple of understudy chicks. Unlike most guys, Edward stayed friendly with most of his conquests. They knew up front that he wasn't there for a relationship. He believed honesty was the only policy on that front. The theater kids liked to have their wrap parties in this huge rental house a few of the seniors shared. After the wrap of the latest production, some modern piece that did nothing for him, Edward made an appearance, knowing Bella would be there. And she was. She was on the arm of one of the actors. He wore her like an afterthought. Edward assumed a guy who would pay so little attention to that girl probably fucked like chump. He watched as she unattached herself from actor boy's arm. She gave him a quick peck on the cheek and glided off through the crowd. Edward approached her as she rummaged through the ice chest of beers on the back steps. "Got a Natty Lite?" he asked. He could hear the eye roll in her voice when she replied. "I'm sure," she said without looking up at him. Her hair was so long she had twisted it and tucked it into her shirt while she was digging. He thought about it spread across his pillow. "Here." She glanced at him as she handed him his beer. There was no reaction. Usually girls reacted. He had the kind of looks girls reacted to. She found what she was looking for, a Red Stripe, and headed off without another glance at him. As she walked, she pulled her hair out and let it bounce down her back. Edward set his beer down without even opening it. He was even more intrigued than before. When he walked back into the thick of the party, she was dancing with some of her friends. He slid in behind her. Edward was completely confident when dancing. Not klutzy or stiff like other guys. He knew dancing was usually a prelude to sex. "I'm Edward," he said, leaning over her shoulder. She glanced back at him. "I know. We've met," she replied. She edged forward a little. Away from him but not completely away. "You took my suitemate home from Makers at the beginning of the year." It clicked immediately. He saw Bella when he took the redhead home. He remembered her hair in a ponytail lying over her shoulder. He was hammered that night, but he still remembered Bella's hair. "Sorry," he said. "What's your name?" Of course he knew but he didn't want her to think he was a stalker. "Bella," she said. "And my boyfriend is looking for me." She slid around him and off into the crowd. He stood there for a moment feeling silly and shot down. But also excited. Excited to be challenged. One of the girls she'd been dancing with smiled invitingly at him. He smiled back but turned and headed out. -YNGIMP- Rose grabbed Bella's arm as she walked back across the room. "You were just dancing with Edward Cullen," she barked. Bella shrugged. "More like he was dancing with me." "Sweet mother of Jesus, did you even look at him? He's a fucking model." "Is he really? He drinks hipster beer," Bella said, nonchalantly sipping her beer. "I don't know. But he should be. He's delicious. And apparently he's amazing in bed," Rose said. Rose was drunk. She had to lean on Bella for balance. But Rose had been drunk-leaning on Bella for a few years now. It was standard party procedure. "And everyone knows that because he's a slut," Bella replied loftily. "Besides, I'm with Eric." "Pffftt. Eric's a douche," Rose said, rolling her eyes. Bella couldn't help but snort out a laugh, even though she knew it was wrong. Rose didn't like her boyfriend in the slightest and didn't hesitate to voice her opinion. "Eric's a good guy," Bella said, shaking her head. "You should be nice to him." "You should get some real dick. If Edward Cullen is interested, you should be interested back," Rose said, gesturing firmly with her drink and sloshing just a little on Bella's shoe. "Why don't you nail him if he's so hot?" Bella asked. Rose shrugged. "He's not interested. Tried to take him home from the bar last semester. No dice." Rose didn't seem upset, though. She was scanning the crowd for her next conquest. "Oh, Emory!" And with that, she was off to get the lighting guy out of his pants. "Nail him!" she yelled back over her shoulder. Bella shook her head as she walked over to take Eric's arm. He gave her a kiss on the top of the head and returned to his conversation. It wasn't that Edward wasn't hot. He was insanely hot. And he had run through half of the girls on her hall. Too many girls had fallen for his slim-hipped swagger and his green eyes. He was at least seventy percent James Dean. Being near Eric didn't send the electricity up her spine the way being near Edward had. But Bella wasn't looking for a bad boy. She was content with her nice, quiet, predictable boyfriend. She stood on tiptoe to whisper in Eric's ear. "Let's get out of here," she said, letting her breath tickle his ear. When he looked down at her, she smiled suggestively. "In a little while," he said with a dismissive nod, then went back to his conversation. Bella sighed. Briefly she wondered what had made Edward notice her in the first place. -YNGIMP- It was a month later when Edward caught up with Bella again. She was sitting on the quad steps looking impossibly sad. Word about Eric breaking up with her had reached Edward's ears pretty quickly. He wondered if maybe Eric was having some issues with his sexuality. She looked over at him when he sat down next to her. Her hair was pulled into a messy ball, and her eyes were red and puffy. Typically, he liked his girls to be perfectly coiffed. But she was still appealing to him now. He still wanted to see her under him. "Chocolate. Pain reliever," he said, handing her the shake he'd been sipping. He snagged it when he saw her sitting here. She heaved a sigh and took it from him. Even though there was nothing sexual about her sipping, when she wrapped her lips around the straw, he felt his cock twitch. Apparently, it was evident in his eyes. She huffed and rolled her eyes. "Pervert," she said. But she said it with a hint of a smile. He smirked and took another drink before passing it back to her. This time he glanced away as she drank down some more of the treat. "Why are you being nice to me?" she asked. He smiled. "I'm just trying to get in your pants," he said. She burst out laughing at his bluntness. "You think it'll be easy because I'm on the rebound?" she asked. "No," he replied, taking another sip when she passed it back to him. "I've been planning to get in your pants for a while now. The breakup has nothing to do with it. I imagine it'll make the process easier, though." "Ha. Who says the process will be successful?" she asked. Their fingers brushed as the Styrofoam cup went between them again. "It will," he said. His smile was confident. And he felt confident. She didn't realize it, but it was in the easy way they shared the shake. There was magnetism between them. Maybe she didn't feel it yet, or maybe she didn't want to, but she would. -YNGIMP- "Here's to the mourning period being over !" Bella yelled as they clinked their shot glasses together. Eric had taken up with a mousy, little editor from the Journalism Department. Oddly, Bella didn't feel angry. She was fairly certain that her ex had a lot of coming to terms with himself in his future. She was glad to unshoulder the burden of that particular baggage. "And here's to all the men that just can't handle a real woman!" Rose said, raising up the next in the line of shots. Bella hadn't gone into the specifics of the breakup; how Eric couldn't understand her complaints about only have sex from behind and how he had to immediately take a shower afterward, for example. So Rose made up her own reasons. Bella found it hilarious. She was glad to be out on the club scene again. She was pretty much over the whole thing when Edward approached her on the quad steps. The crying was more about the offense of being dumped, about him getting to be the dumper when he should have been dumped, than real pain over losing Eric. Seeing that glimmer in Edward's eyes when she sipped the shake reminded her she was wanted. Maybe it was only for a piece of ass, but she was wanted. She waited a couple of extra weeks because the theater group was close and she didn't want everyone to have to pick sides. She knew Eric would be upset about her being the first to move on, even though he was the one who called it off. Bella didn't mind giving it a little extra time for the sake of the group, but as soon as she set foot into the club tonight, she realized how much she'd missed it. Donning her favorite ass-hugging jeans and low-cut, satiny shirt made her feel sexy. Seeing the frat boys looking over her curves and nudging each other made her feel hot. And the music pumping through the speakers made her want to dance. "Let's go!" she yelled, grabbing Rose's arm and dragging her to the floor. -YNGIMP- Edward saw Bella doing shots with her girls when he walked in. While he didn't really think he needed her boozed up to get her back to his place, he didn't mind. He made his rounds and said his hellos. He was shooting a game of pool with some of