Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. Title : A Muse's Ransom Rating : M Summary : What's an author to do when her own main character makes her an offer she can't refuse? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A Muse's Ransom STUCK The irony is not lost on me. At my left elbow, roughly thirty unsold hardcover copies of my latest bestseller, That Which Does Not Kill Us, pout like disheartened leftovers at the orphanage, poking their noses against the window as yet another family drives away without them. Chill, you guys. You know these live appearances are meant to serve "other purposes." The book sales will take care of themselves, or so Angela always reminds me. In my cramped right hand, the blue felt-tip marker hangs above the title page, awaiting direction from either of the two gushy, popular-girl types at the front of the line. It's anyone's guess whether my writing hand or my fake smile will spasm first. "How would you like me to dedicate your book?" I sure hope that sounded sweeter to them than it did to my ears. Crap. Angela's latest "resting bitch face" lecture rolls through my head. The two fans giggle and pass a silent, "You go! No, you go!" back and forth for an agonizing several seconds before the long-haired brunette jams her elbow into the other girl's side. "Fine! Can you write 'To Merry'—that's M-E-R-R-Y"—the redhead giggles and waves a shaky hand across the page—"and could you sign it 'Love always, Mace'?" My lips quirk into a genuine smirk. "Sure." Oh, how I'd love to say, "Why don't you ask him yourself?" Oh, wait—he's not real. But the life-size cardboard cutout to my right is real enough, judging from the line of girls waiting to have their picture taken with him. It . Never mind that he's not my version of Mace. When your agent tells you to do a signing, you do the signing—even if you'd rather talk to people from the other side of a computer screen, or better yet, not at all. And when said agent insists on arranging for a photo op with "the spitting image of Mace," you hold your tongue because the deadline for the first three chapters of your next book passed two months ago—around the same time you decided to use the advance payment to splurge on a new car. ". . . Love always, Mace." I add a whoosh under Mace's signature, crawling into my character's head for the split second it takes me to see how he'd do it. "Thank you so much!" She clasps the book to her chest with both arms. "Please tell me Elizabeth and Mace get their happy ending in the last book!" It's a fair question, one I've been asked about fifty times since 7:30 tonight. The truth is, I wouldn't tell her even if I knew the answer. "I guess you're going to have to wait and see." Just like I am. Assuming this nasty case of writer's block takes a hike at some point. I never imagined it would happen to me, not with Mace. He popped into my head on Valentine's Day, 2006, as I lay in bed conjuring the perfect man. Since that night, Edward Masen Cullen hadn't shut his trap, and believe me, there were plenty of times I'd wished he had—especially during the angstier patches in books three and four and most definitely during the tortured breakup in book six. Elizabeth Strong has always been easy; she is my alter ego, the girl who does and says everything I'm too much of a wimp to do and say. It isn't her fault I'm blocked; she can't be expected to hold a conversation alone. She can't tango without a partner. After six bestsellers in the Strong Like a Girl series, Mace inexplicably went AWOL on us. He could not have picked a worse time. It didn't help that I resented him for it. Yes, I learned that in therapy. If and when Mace Cullen does decide to show his pretty face again, he is going to get a mighty colorful earful from me. "C'mon, we have to get our picture with Mace!" The dark-haired girl yanks her friend away, leaving me to grind through the next signature. I sneak a peek at my watch—thank God, it's finally nine—as I pull the next book from the stack, open to the title page, and clench the marker. "How would you like me to dedicate your book?" "Hmm," says a deep voice that draws my attention across the table. "How about 'To Mace, with love'?" MACE He drew a tender finger along the edge of her face, tucking an errant strand of hair behind her ear. "What happened?" Elizabeth asked, her eyes fluttering open. "Mace! You came back for me!" He smiled down at her. "Of course I did." His soft chuckle jostled her head in his lap. "She's waking up. Bella, can you hear me?" Book store manager—Rose something. Signing. Reality. Not Mace. "Open your eyes. Please, Bella. You're scaring us!" Mace speaks to me for the first time in eight months, and this chick wants me to open my eyes and risk losing him again, maybe for good? "Gimme a second. Mace came to see me." "Yeah, we know." That opens my eyes—but not for long. That couldn't have been . . . nah. I blink, again, three times . . . HOLY SHIT! I would recognize those bushy eyebrows anywhere, the slightly lopsided cat's eyes, the trademark panty-poofer smile, the chin that could cut a diamond. I close my eyes again, harder this time. This is not a dream. I'm awake. I was signing books . . . two girls . . . this deep voice—Mace's voice . . . and now, I'm horizontal, and my head's in someone's lap—a hard lap. I roll my head experimentally—up, down, right, left—holy crap, did I just plant my face in some guy's fly? I hear laughter—dammit, it's Mace's laughter. I'd know that low "huh-huh-huh" anywhere. You'd know it in your sleep. If this is a dream, I cannot afford to wake up, not until I hear their last story. Please, don't make me wake up. "Bella! Wake up!" Crap . "Fine," I mutter, reluctantly opening my eyes, "but it's your fault my sexy main character just . . ." did not disappear. "Mace?" I jolt out of his lap. A firm hand catches my shoulder and eases me back down. "Whoa there, tiger! You just fainted." Mace gazes down at me, his eyes shimmering with amusement. It would be just like him to enjoy this. "I don't understand . . . am I awake?" I reach for the back of my head and search for the inevitable lump. "Do I have a concussion or something?" "No, you didn't hit your head. I caught you before you landed." "Of course you did." What good book hero wouldn't? He laughs again. "You're angry at me for catching you?" "She's disoriented," Rose answers, shoving a cup of water under my nose. "Here, drink." Mace intercepts the cup. "She'll be okay. Why don't you give us a few minutes alone?" "Sure," Rose answers him, then turns toward the door. "I'll be right outside." Yes, leave me alone with the fictitious rogue. That's a grand idea. The door clicks shut somewhere in the distance. Mace skims his fingers down my cheek again, smiling at the shiver that ripples through me. "Hello, Miss Swan." "Oh God! It's not enough I'm going to lose my car, now I've lost my mind! Why didn't I stick to early childhood education? I could be having a perfectly peaceful night cutting out paper snowflakes and binge-watching Breaking Bad ." He smiles to the corners of his eyes. So, so beautiful he is. Sigh . "You haven't lost your mind. I'm exactly who you think I am." From everything I can see, I'd tend to agree, but Mace has fooled me before. I've lost count of all the times I've fallen under his spell, sure he was real, only to wake to an empty bed and a steaming pile of disappointment. Not this time, bub. Trembling fingers reach for his chin, jerking away when they meet actual skin. I gasp; he grins. "Not a fan of the stubble?" He rubs his hand back and forth across his chin. Five elegant, mesmerizing fingers. Just the way I wrote them. "I could shave for you." No shaving. "Sorry, I had to check." One of his insanely shaggy eyebrows pops up. "You've already checked. My lap . . . remember?" I blush like a fiend, but I won't dignify his comment with a response. "Take off your hat." Not even the most highly skilled hairdresser could recreate the mess of wild bronze hair the way I've written it. Mace smirks, grabs the beanie, and whips it off with a dramatic flair. And there it is. Layers upon layers of thick, luxurious hair, a dozen different shades of copper catching even the fluorescent light in this little room, never mind what the sun can do when given the chance. There's little doubt in my mind, but just to seal the deal, Mace tips his head forward to give me a perfect view, sets his hand at the top of his forehead, and drags his fingers through that perfect head of hair, thumb and pinkie hitched out to the sides like a spider's legs. Just the way I write him. "Okay," I say quietly. I surrender. He lifts his eyes, looking oddly disappointed. "You don't want to run your fingers through?" Hell yes, I do, and it's taking every ounce of my self-restraint to hold back from doing just that. "I'm good." He fluffs his hair, then sits admirably still while I complete my examination. The gray, long-sleeved waffle tee—my favorite of his shirts—is snug enough to reveal some definition in his chest, especially when he flexes. He gives me a sheepish shrug when I catch him in the act, and I grin. Mace would've definitely flexed. After several long minutes of quiet scrutiny, he breaks his silence. "Would you like to see the mole on my hip?" "Yes. No." Fuck it. "Yes." His cocky grin returns, and I'd like to kiss it right off his face. "Can you promise me you won't pass out again?" "Absolutely not." He chuckles. "I need you to sit up," he says, gently lifting my head and shoulders out of his lap and propping me up against the loveseat we're sharing. "Y'okay there?" "So far," I answer. He moves in front of me, all seventy-four inches of him. It's one thing to put the hash marks on the storyboard, 6'2" for Mace and 5'8" for Elizabeth, and quite another to experience the height as a living, breathing body. The man is tall. "Ready?" The killer smile isn't helping any. "I guess." My mouth has gone bone dry, but I lick my lips out of pure reflex. Mace flicks open the top button of his jeans. I hold my breath. He tugs down the corner at his right hip and lifts the shirt out of the way. A noise escapes me, but I couldn't name it, other than to say it's extremely embarrassing. Bless his heart, Mace doesn't call attention to it. He steps closer, knocking his knees against the loveseat, and reaches for my hand. I watch mutely as he pulls our joined fingers to his bare skin and brushes them across the dark, raised circle on his hip. The one I put there. His skin pebbles with goosebumps. He releases me. The tingling in my fingertips is real. This man is not a dream. He's standing here in this room with me. Despite everything, my head just won't allow me to go there. "You can't be .