Contest Entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: Cherry Rating: M Summary: I was incarcerated for six years. Now I'm free, back in a town that hates me, and all I want is a piece of cherry pie from the chief's wife and a piece of ass from his daughter. Both are sweet enough to land me back in jail, but I'm Edward Cullen and I don't give a fuck. An ExB story that's worth doing the time for. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Cherry The second the fresh air of freedom hits my face, all I want is some cherry pie. It's my favorite. Nothing else tastes like home. The only place to get a decent piece in Forks is at Renee's Diner, but it's owned by the chief of police's wife, and that asshole hates me and my family. I guess if you're a mechanic, you're dirt in his eyes. It's an honest living around these parts, but business is scarce and money's even harder to come by. I like to think of myself as the entrepreneur of the family, and I've decided the best way to put my economic status on the fast track is by liberating people of their shit. All small time, really. Nothing over $100 from each score. It was my persistence that made me successful. I was damn good at expanding my horizons and looking for a bigger game. But things got out of hand real quick, and I ended up getting six years in state prison for holding up a convenience store. It would've been a year and some probation, but the clerk said I gave him permanent brain damage when I pistol-whipped him. He's a fucking liar. That bitch was dumb before I hit him. It didn't matter, though. The chief lobbied hard for my conviction and got me sent away. I was only nineteen, a fucking kid, and it was bullshit. But I bare the Cullen name, so that's that. My fate behind bars was set. I'm a man now, and with my leather jacket on and a gurgle in my stomach, what I need more than anything is pie. "Are you determined to piss him off?" My cousin, Jasper, trots behind me as I make a beeline toward the diner. I could choose another place to get my fix, but after years of shitty prison food, I'm not going to ruin my palate with more shit. "I'm a free man. I can go and eat whatever…" I catch the eyes of Angela Webber on the way in, her tits heaving and out on display. "…and whomever I want. He can't fucking arrest me for living my life." "Yeah, I get that, but why push him? You need to lie low for a while and let the anger simmer down." Chief Swan appealed my release for almost two years. He insisted I was a danger to the people of his fucked up town, and to ensure public safety, he told the judges I needed to stay incarcerated indefinitely. They listened for a while, until it came too expensive to keep me. The rage it caused in the chief… I heard he smashed his fist into a window the day he found out I was paroled. Man, I would've loved to see that piece of shit bleed. "Why should I hide? I did my time. Fuck him." I swing the door open and walk in with a purpose. Everyone drops their fork and stares. It's so quiet that you can hear a pin drop. I grin at the hostess as she slowly approaches us. "Morning, Bree. A table for two, please." She nods and grabs the menus. Fuck me. I love this town. The people are small-minded, but I know them. I relish in their judgmental looks. Even if I was advised by several people — my lawyer especially — to leave and start somewhere new, I won't. Forks is my home. It's where I stuck my first pussy and the last place I got high. Nobody's going to run me out. Sitting us at a booth in the far back corner, Bree gets our drink orders and scampers off to her friends. Everyone wants to know what Cullen said. I feel like a fucking rock star. "You're enjoying yourself way too much," Jasper grumbles. He's forcefully raking his hands through his curly, Brillo-like hair and expressing his worry with his bloodshot eyes. The guy's a walking ad for anti-anxiety medication. I saw fuckers in prison who were taking it up the ass every day and weren't as stressed out as my poor cousin. "Will you relax? I'm just getting pie. It's not like I'm robbing the joint," I say loudly with the intention of turning a few heads. More than a few, actually. The whole diner has its eyes on me. Jasper sinks lower in his seat and glares. "You're not funny." I laugh. It's fun messing with him. I can't believe that out of everyone in my family, they chose the guy who jumps at loud noises to come to pick me up. Who did he screw over? Maybe he drew the short stick. "We won't stay long," I assure him, scanning the faces. There are a lot of people I've known since kindergarten and some I've stolen from. A few patrons lose their appetite and leave. The rest stare and make their distaste for my presence known. The murmurs of my crimes and rumors of crimes I didn't commit are all I can hear. "Looks like things haven't changed much," I say. "Yeah, and just like six years ago, your broke ass is still bumming off me and bunking on my couch," Jasper says to be an asshole. Turning my attention away from my adoring fans, I grimace, really not looking forward to springs stabbing me in the back. "Fuck. You're making me miss my prison cot." I look down at my watch, slightly more irritated with the diner's staff. "Jesus. We've been here for over ten minutes. They're not going to serve us, are they?" "I told you not to come here." "Unfuckingbelievable." I slide across the seat to get up when a petite brunette comes from around the counter toward our table. "Finally." My annoyance subsides as I sit back down, but it's quickly replaced with fucking amazement when her eyes lock with mine. She's beautiful, and not the kind of beautiful where I've just gotten out of the slammer and any chick will do. No. This girl's the kind you go sober for. Even before speaking a word, I decide she's going to be my wife. "Hi there," she says, pulling out the notepad from her apron. "The name's Bella. I'm going to be your server today. What can I get for you?" I don't say shit; I just stare at her. She has these amazing lips, and they're pouting. Fuck. I want to bite them. Then there are the freckles across the bridge of her nose that need to be counted. She's all woman but young. I know that right off. But how young? Do I have the morals to stay away from her if she isn't legal? "Maybe your friend would like to order first," Bella says as the uncomfortable silence goes on for a second too long. She tears her deep brown eyes off of me and puts them on my bastard cousin. I don't like that. "Hey, Jazz. You ready?" He orders something, but what the fuck do I care? I use this opportunity to check out her legs and ass, which are all nice and squishy from my vantage point. The girl's small but full. She doesn't shy away from food, which is good. I hate that skin-and-bones shit. My hands need something to grab onto while I fuck. Man, she smells great, too. "And what for you, sir?" Bella asks me again. She pretends to be bored, but I notice her quick intake of air when I smile. Dying to touch her, I lean across the table and gently finger the edge of her apron. "Do you know who I am?" "Everyone knows who you are, Edward." Bella steps away from my reach. "Are you going to order or what?" I like her flustered. It cherries the porcelain skin along her neck and chest. My gaze follows it down, wondering how far south she's affected by me. Is she swollen? Is she wet? I need to know. "I'd like a piece of your best cherry pie," I say. Her eyes widen a fraction of a second as she catches my meaning, but she breaks my heart by looking away and back down at her notepad. "Anything else?" "Yeah, since you're asking. How about you—" "No, we're fine. Thanks, Bella," Jasper replies, cutting me off. She nods once and runs away from me. My cousin's more of a cockblock and less of a wingman. I'm pissed and punch his shoulder. "What the fuck, dick?" "Are you crazy, flirting with her ?" "Are you crazy, interrupting me?" I stare at him, and he stares right back. I have to give the goofy little guy some props for not backing down from me. "You can't just waltz back into town and piss everybody off, Ed." I scoff, looking away from him to lock eyes with some old bitch scowling at me. I wink at her. She sneers and promptly leaves. "These people can lick my nuts, Jasper." "Pretty sure that's what you're thinking you're gonna have Bella do, and I'm telling you not to go there." That's actually not what I was thinking, but the thought isn't unpleasant. "Coming where you're not welcome for pie is one thing, but hitting on Chief Swan's daughter is another." I jerk my head back, wondering if I've heard him right, as visions of Bella playing with my balls have distracted me. "What did you say?" "You heard me," he barks. "Don't even think about trying to get your dick wet with the chief's daughter." But the chief's daughter was a young girl with a mouth full of braces and scrapes on her knees. I blink at him. "Wait a second. Are you telling me that was the little Swan girl?" "Well, yeah. You mean, you... You didn't know?" Fuck me. This just keeps getting better and better. The baby-faced beauty with the juicy ass is the daughter of the man who hates me the most. That makes her the ultimate off-limits. Too bad I've never cared about limits. "Is she legal yet?" It doesn't matter. I'd fuck her either way. I'd marry her either way. "She's seventeen." "You sure?" I glance back over my shoulder to spot her with her back to us, filling up some drinks at the soda fountain. "'Cause her ass says she's about 22." "You're gonna leave her alone, right?" She steps out from behind the counter and reaches for some straws, like she wants to put those sexy legs on display for me. I can't wait to have those thick thighs wrapped around my head. "No, probably not." Jasper groans. "I knew this was a bad idea." Sure, I'm fucking asking for trouble by messing with the chief's daughter. She's the one thing I can't have and don't deserve, but it's too late. I see her — really see her — as a woman, as mine. "Relax, Jazz," I say, using the nickname my girl's given him. "I've got this shit handled." He rolls his eyes. "I've heard that before." What people don't know is Jasper was with me that day in the convenience store. He needed money for an engagement ring for Alice and needed it fast. I did what I had to in order to ensure my cousin's happiness. Call me Robin fucking Hood, but I take care of mines. He got the rock for his