Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title : Corporate Confessions Rating : M Summary: Isabella Swan's new job doesn't go as planned. Not only has she been asked to fill in as the boss's assistant, a job that no one else was willing to take. Her new boss just happened to be the most difficult, arrogant and devastatingly handsome man she had ever met. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Corporate Confessions I can feel his lips work down my body, waking me from a deep sleep. I open my eyes and smile at the beautiful man hovering over me. His crooked grin makes my heart skip a beat. "My mouth loves your body," he says between kisses. "My body loves your mouth," I smile. God, how I wanted this man, I never imagined we would be here. Maybe I should start at the beginning. It all started with an affair. ~~CC~~ " I'm Isabella Swan, here for my first day in Accounting," I smiled. Mrs. Cope, the head of Human Resources, glanced at me with a kind smile. "Good morning, Miss Swan. Welcome to Cullen Enterprises." She opened the drawer to her left and pulled out a file, clearly labeled 'Isabella Swan' and looked at me in apology. "I'm afraid there has been a change of plans." My smile dropped, you must be kidding me. I couldn't have been fired before I even started. "I'm not following." " Mr. Cullen's assistant quit unexpectedly yesterday." She leaned forward and lowered her voice. "Between you and me, she was sleeping with one of the married partners and got burned." Great, but what does that have to do with me? I waited for her to continue, but she seemed to be waiting for me to comment. " Well, that's unfortunate. Although, I don't know what Mr. Cullen's assistant quitting has to do with me." I wasn't sure what else to say. I researched the company when I first applied for the job and his name popped up. Edward Cullen was CEO and Chairman of the Board of Cullen Enterprise. When I'd searched on the internet I'd found very little on the billionaire, except an interview with the Business Times, and an angry Facebook rant from a former employee, who called him Bosshole due to the fact that the only time he came out of his office was to fire someone. " Well, as Cullen Enterprise's newest employee it falls to you to stand-in until a suitable replacement can be found. It shouldn't take longer than a couple of weeks." I gulped, I didn't want to work for Bosshole. "Isn't this a little unusual, I'm an accountant, not a personal assistant." " You won't be a personal assistant." I turned to face the deep, male voice. A tall man leaned against the doorframe. I looked from his shiny black shoes, up his black trousers and suit jacket, past his white shirt and red tie to a pair of emerald green eyes. Wow. " You'll be an assistant." He walked over to me. "The assistant to the Chairman of the Board. You will have a lot of responsibilities. I hope you can keep up." His lips thinned, "Do you have a problem with that?" I froze, he was intimidating and I couldn't seem to make a sound. " Good." He turned and headed to the door. "I'll give you twenty minutes to complete all your paperwork, then I want you to report to my office." He walked out and I could only stare at the empty space where he stood. " He's a tornado." Obviously, the pay here made Mrs. Cope unable to voice the truth, he was an asshole. No, he was a Bosshole. " I take it that's Edward Cullen." " In the handsome flesh." I must have looked upset. " Listen, Miss Swan, I know this isn't what you expected, so I am going to be totally honest with you. Edward Cullen is a brilliant businessman, but he's strict and a little paranoid. He built this company on his own, from the ground up, and he trust no one. He never discloses what he's working on fully to his staff. He just gives you what you need to know." She looked at me and sighed, "None of the other employees were willing to take the job." Great. Mrs. Cope had convinced me to see the bright side. This was Edward Cullen, I could learn a lot from him and the pay was great. Maybe the Facebook rant was wrong. ~~CC~~ He runs kisses up my leg and onto my stomach, his tongue dips into my bellybutton, then he works his way down the other side. I moan when he nibbles on my thigh. "I want to put my mouth here," he slides one finger inside me. "Would you like that?" He presses his thumb on my clit. I nod, "Oh god, so good." I grab a piece of sheet and bite it, muffling my moans. He laughs and pulls the sheet from my mouth. "I want to hear you." I moan. "I love that sound," he adds another finger, his thumb continues to make circles. My stomach clenches the heat building. "I'm so close," I pant out. "I want to see you come, but not until I say." He moves his head towards my lower lips. ~~CC~~ I'd made my way up to his office within the twenty-minute time frame, getting off the elevator, I stood in awe and admired my surroundings. Bright, bold colors decorated the walls, modern furniture filled the waiting room. A huge ornate desk sat outside what I presume was Bosshole's office. It was something you only saw in magazines. " Are you going to stand there all day? Come." Leaving my bag and coat on what I presumed would be my desk, I walked into his office and paused. He had his back to me, placing his suit jacket on a hanger and then hung it on the rack behind his desk. Edward Cullen had a nice butt, his trousers were cut with such precision that they left nothing to the imagination, and his white shirt showed off his lean, muscled back. He definitely worked out. I swallowed just as he turned. " What?" My god, not only does he have the perfect body with beautiful chiseled features, he also had the best sex hair I had ever seen. And he had just caught me staring at him. " Nothing." " Good, because we have lots to do. Anything you see or hear in this office is strictly confidential, I'm sure Mrs. Cope explained that when you signed the Confidentiality Agreement." He raised his eyebrow. I had to stop myself from saying 'duh' at him, even without the legally binding document, I would never repeat business or personal information. I nodded, but kept my mouth shut, fearing the word would make an appearance. " Right, I guess there are worse things than a mute assistant." I couldn't do it, I wasn't used to dealing with Bossholes and I definitely wasn't used to holding my tongue. " Excuse me, I'm not mute and you are incredibly rude." He raised an eyebrow. "Maybe you should remember who you are speaking to, your job is to assist me, not give your opinion on my manners. Are we clear?" " Yes." Best to keep it short and sweet. " Good, here is a file containing what I am currently working on, familiarize yourself with it. You will need to know what it contains for the meeting this week." I nodded a little confused, I thought he kept his projects secret. "The file does not leave this office, Miss Swan, am I clear?" " Crystal." I could do this. " Good. You are dismissed." I stood and made my way to my desk a little pissed with his attitude, he was no better than me, the arrogant Bosshole. I was determined to see this through. It was only for a couple of weeks. Then, I could go and do my real job and once someone was found I'd never have to see him again. I could last a couple of weeks, I hope. ~~CC~~ My body jerks up when he separates my folds and flicks his tongue against my clitoris. His hands grip my thighs and he lifts them up so they rest on his shoulders, his face is pressed tightly into me and the heat from his mouth sucking gently pushes me closer to the edge. "You taste incredible." He breathes against me before plunging his tongue into my center. My body can't take anymore and my legs squeeze him closer, my back bowing as the pleasure builds, he rips his mouth away from me. "Do not come, Isabella." I groan in frustration but do as I'm told. ~~CC~~ I had spent the next couple of days nervous and unsure, a combination I was not used to feeling. I prided myself on my sassy personality and, unfortunately, that may get me fired here. I jerked back from my thoughts when a hand holding a file suddenly appeared in front of my face. " Your first task today is to check the financial reports." My stomach fluttered as I looked into his emerald green eyes. " Yes, sir." He really was a gorgeous man. It was a shame he was so difficult to deal with. I knew he could be charming when he needed to be. I witnessed it earlier in the week when Miss Denali came in for a meeting regarding her father's business. He was all smiles and deep laughs for the strawberry blonde with the big blue eyes and the mile long legs. I guess he had to be if he wanted to purchase people's failing businesses, but I almost had a stroke when I witnessed it for the first time. I envied the woman until she opened her mouth. " Let's leave the little secretary here and discuss it over dinner." Miss Denali's eyes flicked to me. "Seriously Edward, give the girl a pay rise so she can buy some decent clothes." They walked out both of their laughs echoing behind them. Leaving me feeling humiliated and disappointed. I would not let them beat me. I remember speaking to my grandmother about Mr. Cullen's ever changing moods and her words echo through my mind. ' It's women who have the bad rep for being the moody ones, but it's men who truly hold the title. It's important that you realize you are not responsible for his moods, he already had a reputation for being an ogre before you even started working for him. You have to decide for yourself when enough is enough.' ~~CC~~ He adds another finger inside me, twisting them as he gently bites at the sensitive bundle of nerves. "Do you like that?" His breath is hot against me, pushing me closer to the edge. "Please Edward, please." He bites me again and licks away the sting. "Oh, Isabella, I love it when you beg." His smile is wicked. His face lowers again and I groan in frustration. "Come baby, let me hear you." He dives right in and I'm panting and writhing in pleasure. It doesn't take long for me to finally succumb to the pleasure. ~~CC~~ The next week passed by slowly, but free from drama, I slowly started to relax into my position and even interacted with Mr. Cullen on a couple of occasions. Even after all these years he was still enthusiastic about his work, and I now understood why so many people dealt with him despite his less than stellar attitude. It was a Thursday morning and he had walked into the office with a little bounce in his step. " We're going out today." He fell into his chair. " Really?" Thank god, the office