Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title : Table 10 Rating: M Summary : She knows where she came from and where she's going, often feeling stuck in a rut and like she needs a redo on life. He's kind and generous, and she doesn't quite know what to make of him. All he seems to want is her pie. "Where have you been all my life?" ... "Are you talking to the pie or me?" ... "Both." Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Table 10 "Can you take table ten?" LuAnne asks. "Fucking Carla called in sick again today. I swear, if it's not her three snot-nosed kids, it's her." She huffs and walks away with a loaded tray. I take the two waters I need for table five and walk over to table ten. A man probably five years older than me is sitting in the booth, staring out the window. I've seen him here before, but he always sits in this booth and is never in my section. But I have noticed. He's noticeable. Handsome. Tall. Well-dressed. But there's something edgy about him. Maybe it's the long trench-style coat. Maybe it's the bit of scruff on his jawline. Most men who come in here are well-groomed—their hair perfectly coiffed. His is perfectly imperfect. "What can I get for you?" I ask, standing beside the table and pulling out my order pad. I don't need it. I can remember every order by heart, but it gives me something to do with my hands, keeps me from fidgeting. He glances up at me and looks annoyed for a second, but then his features soften, and a small smile graces his face. "What kind of pie do you have today?" he asks. "Blueberry and chocolate." "Hmmmm," he hums, letting his eyes wander over me while he decides. "Tough choices. What would you suggest?" "I'd go with the blueberry with a side of cream." "Is it hot?" "Straight out of the oven." Since it's not even nine o'clock in the morning, the pie hasn't cooled yet. I made it fresh when I got in this morning. "Sold." He hands the menu to me, holding on to it and causing me to look at him. I tug on it, and he smiles again, finally letting go. "Anything else?" I ask. "Coffee with cream and sugar." "Coming right up." I walk away, but I can't help looking back. When I do, he's watching me. Normally, that kind of behavior would either gross me out or freak me out. I'm not a stranger to inappropriate advances working in a place like this, but I can hold my own. Glancing back one last time, I see he's turned his attention back to the window, and I almost trip over my own two feet. His profile is something to look at. And yeah, I'm definitely not grossed out or freaked out… but I do feel something. It starts in my stomach and kinda travels up to my chest. "I should've warned you he'd want pie," LuAnne says, snapping me out of my trance. "He always orders pie for breakfast." "No problem," I tell her, cutting a large slice and putting it in a white ceramic bowl. "Blueberry, huh?" "Yeah, with cream." "You sold him on your cream?" I laugh somewhat nervously, pouring cream into a small pitcher. "I guess so." When I walk back to the table, I set the pie down in front of him. "Do I just pour the cream on it?" he asks, picking up the small pitcher. "Yeah, that's why I put it in a bowl for you, so use as much as you'd like." I watch as he pours a little and then a little more. Without wasting any time, he picks up the spoon and digs in, moaning in pleasure as soon as the pie hits his tongue. "Where have you been all my life?" "Are you talking to the pie or me?" He quirks an eyebrow. "Both," he replies, taking another bite and then licking a bit of filling off his lip. I chuckle nervously, because with his eyes on me and him eating pie like he's devouring his prey, my entire body is heating up. "Let me know if you need anything else," I tell him. "Don't worry. I will," he says in a low, husky voice that shoots straight to my core. I turn quickly, refusing to look back this time. I really need to get a grip. I don't know what's wrong with me today. Maybe that second cup of coffee was a bit too much. Returning to the kitchen window, I wait for the next order to be up, taking a much needed breather and trying to get myself in check. "Order up," Mack yells, sliding a plate onto the counter. On my way to table two, I nearly trip over a briefcase that's sitting in the aisle. Instead of telling the guy to watch where he puts his shit, I apologize, making sure I didn't spill anything on the expensive leather. Just as I turn around from that fumble, a guy runs smack dab into me, and the omelet I was carrying is now on his loafer. "What the fuck?" he exclaims, looking at his foot in disgust. A small piece of egg is on the leg of his slacks, but other than that, he's fine. It could've been so much worse. I bend down and begin to wipe at his shoe and pant leg, apologizing along the way. "You need to watch where you're going." "I'm so sorry," I tell him again. "You're making it worse," he yells. "Just stop!" "It's just a little bit on your pant leg, sir. And your shoe is completely clean." "I have a very important meeting this afternoon. I can't quite go into it with egg on my pants." For some reason, it strikes me as funny, and I have to fight back a giggle. "No, absolutely not. I'm so sorry." "I'll be sending these pants over to be dry-cleaned before lunch." "What?" I ask. "You heard me. Dry-cleaned. Before lunch. Or are you not competent enough to make that happen?" "I—" I begin but feel a warm hand on my arm, pulling me up from the floor. I think it's Mack or LuAnne coming to my rescue, but when I look over, the green eyes from table ten are staring back at me. He looks angry, and I assume it's because of me. I seem to be the one to blame today. "Look, asshole," he snaps at the guy in the three-piece suit. "She apologized. It was an accident. You need to calm down." "Send the pants over. I'll get them dry-cleaned for you," I mutter to the man, wanting the whole situation to be over. I hate confrontation, and I hate being the center of attention. He pushes me out of the way and into the hard chest of the pie guy. Protective arms come around me, pulling me in, and I think I hear a growl deep in his chest. I don't know what to say or do, so I bend down and continue cleaning the floor, ignoring everyone else in the diner. LuAnne comes over with a mop and grumbles under her breath about pretentious pricks. After a minute or so, the man who came to my rescue finds his way back to his table, and I wish there were some way I could repay him for standing up for me. I want to thank him, but glancing back at his table and then at the door, I see he's gone. I need a redo on today. As I go back to cleaning tables, I notice money sticking out from under his bowl… his very empty bowl. I pull it out and about choke on my tongue when I realize it's a hundred-dollar bill. . . . When the breakfast rush is over, LuAnne and I are standing in the kitchen. "There's a large amount of money in an envelope under the register. It belongs to Pie Guy." "Who?" LuAnne asks, looking up from her crossword puzzle. "The guy who gets pie for breakfast." "Did you mess up on his change?" "No. I actually thought he'd taken off without paying, which was fine because I owed him, but then I found a hundred-dollar bill under his bowl." "Girl, you should take that money and thank him properly the next time you see him." I swat at her with my towel I've been using to dry dishes. "I can't do that." "Sure you can. It's real easy. Here, let me show you." She stands up and walks to the register, pulling out the envelope and then the cash. "You just do this," she says, taking the money, folding it up, and sticking it in my bra. "LuAnne!" Her laugh makes me laugh, so we're both laughing when the door chimes. A very prim and proper lady with a tight bun and even tighter pencil skirt walks in carrying a garment bag. She walks up to the counter and drapes the bag over the register. "Mr. Demetri needs these no later than noon." I look at her with what can only be a stupefied expression. "He was serious?" I ask to her retreating form, but she doesn't turn around. "He was serious," I say, turning to look at LuAnne, who's standing beside me with her hands on her hips and her nostrils flared. "I'd like to do more than wipe egg on his leg," she sneers. "What a fucking asshole." I sigh and pick up the bag. "I don't even know where to take something like this." "I do. Come on. Let's call Glen and see if he'll give us a discount and rush delivery." She picks up the phone and dials a number. "I'm not letting the diner pay for this. It was my mistake. I ran into him." "No, he ran into you." "Whatever. It doesn't really matter. I'll just get the stupid pants cleaned and be done with it." "Next time, it might be a nice hot pot of coffee on his dick," she mutters as she dials the number. I can't help but laugh. It's either that or cry. And there's no crying at the diner. There's nothing Mack hates more than tears. . . . "What's this?" he asks, looking at the envelope and then back at me. "It's your change from Monday." "I left that for you." I shake my head. "No, I can't accept that." "You can. I gave it to you." "I'm not taking a $95 tip for a piece of pie and a cup of coffee." "It's the best piece of pie I've ever had." "Still." "It wasn't just for the pie and coffee. I wanted to help with the cleaning bill from the prick who made you drop your tray." "That was my fault." "No, it wasn't." "Still." "Take it," he demands, sliding the envelope across the table until it's touching my hand. "I can't." "Is there a cap on how much tip a person can leave?" he asks, looking around like there might be a sign or notice posted somewhere. "No, but…" "But nothing. Now, I'd like another piece of pie. What do you have today?" "I made cherry and caramel apple today." "Wait. You made?" "Yes. I made cherry and caramel. I make all the pies." That damn eyebrow shoots up, and those green eyes look at me so intensely that my knees feel weak. "Well, well, well. And here I thought my love affair was with LuAnne." I swallow hard, telling my stomach to settle the fuck down. "Nope." The funny thing is that even though LuAnne has worked here for decades, she can hardly make a grilled cheese. The thought of her baking a pie is hysterical. "Well,