Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: I Don't Want To Forget You Rating : M Summary: Beyond today I fight for her surrender and gain it by no hint of subtlety. The lengths I'd travel to make her mine and keep her that way are endless. Beyond today she is my love...she is in every nightly dream, every vision I see. Beyond today she is my life. Even if she never remembers me. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I Don't Want To Forget You "Tell me Isabella." His sensual voice fills the room around me adding to the anticipatory sensation bubbling up beneath the surface. I cannot see him...but his voice is enough to have me writhing right here on this leather couch. "Tell me your darkest fantasy." His demand disturbs me at first because I am definitely not one to voice my sexual proclivities out loud...especially not to a stranger. Even if that stranger is the deciding factor in my promotion at ULTRA. Sheepishly, I drop my head and twiddle my thumbs. "I can't tell you that." I giggle nervously, and shift in my seat taking the pressure off my very swollen pussy. It doesn't help though. I am so aroused by just a voice and question. I glance up when I do not hear a response from him and I'm startled into a tense sitting position. There he stands dominating the entire room, and sucking the oxygen out of the space all at once. My mouth goes dry at the sight of him. He's magnificent; all broad shoulders, long masculine arms. My eyes roam up to his face, his strong jaw, full lips, and, oh god, his eyes...smoldering green eyes full of heat and mischief. He regards me with a look of irritation, eyes narrowed into slits. "Did you forget why you are here, Miss Swan?" He tilts his head slightly, trying to understand my predicament. How can he when I don't understand myself? There seems to be much more going on here than what I am able to perceive. "I didn't forget anything as I'm here to interview you for my paper. I'm with ULTRA." He takes his hands out of his pockets and slowly rubs them together. He takes two very threatening steps in my direction, his eyes locked with mine as he moves. "No, Miss Swan you are here because I want you to be." "I don't understand." "You will soon, Isabella. Now..."He takes two more steps until he is right in front of me and I have to tilt my head up completely to look up at him. "Remove your clothes." Taken back by his strange demand, I quickly stand from my seat ready to bolt, but he's so close that our bodies brush against each other. "Excuse me!" "Obviously you have forgotten your role, Miss Swan." His voice is dangerous and direct, cutting through all the bullshit. He even laughs in a mocking manner. I open my mouth to respond, but swallow my words when his hands catch me off guard. They reach up and grip my hair, tugging my head back as he leans forward sneering down at me. He's so close I can feel his breath against my face. He bites down on my ear lobe and with a husky voice exclaims, "I will give you what you are afraid to ask for." I gasp, my heart racing in my chest. "On your knees." He says as he forcefully pushes me down with his grasp still in my hair. I should be afraid but this is incredibly erotic. Oddly enough, I'm not afraid of him or what's about to happen. I'm only out of my mind with confusion wondering why he's doing this, and how this will affect my job. "Did you forget?" He grits out in frustration, his lips near my ear, and his hands still firmly in my hair. I shake my head no in reply, but it's not enough for him. "That is not an answer, Sweetheart. Open that pretty mouth and answer me." "No. I didn't forget." What have I done to make him so upset? He roughly releases my hair and I stare into his eyes absolutely mesmerized by his deliberate movements even though my eyes don't follow them. I see him reach for his belt, and he slowly removes it tossing it onto his leather couch. Then he unbuttons his shirt, staring down at me as he does. "I need to hear you say you are sorry for talking back to me and for disobeying an order." He removes his shirt and I am momentarily distracted by his perfect abs. My eyes travel down and widen at the impossibly large erection pushing through his pants. He doesn't give me much time to take in the sight or to get over my shock when he pulls down his pants and boxers, freeing himself. My mouth drops as I gawk at it. "You will soon have every inch in your mouth sweetheart, don't worry." "I will?" I question in a whisper, my mouth all of a sudden dry again. Is this really happening? He chuckles again, removing the rest of his clothing. He stands completely naked before me, with every bit of male confidence, and begins to stroke his cock right in my face. He grabs me by my hair and forces me in a more comfortable kneeling position. "Now, Miss Swan I do believe it's time that you apologize to me." "I'm sor-" I'm cut off when his cock presses firmly between my lips, forcing my mouth open wide. "Look at me, baby." One of his hands moves from my hair to my chin, lifting my face. He stares into my wide eyes, his brows low on his face. "Say it." He groans. "I'm sorr-" I mumble around his cock, enjoying his flavor on my tongue. "I can't hear you sweetheart." He growls, it's a rumble from within his chest. "Uhh!" I take a deep breath before he shoves his cock back into my mouth, and keeps it there as he holds the back of my head in his grasp. "Fuck!" He growls and then releases me, giving me a second to breathe. I gasp out a breath, and then attempt to push the words he wants to hear out of my mouth. I just can't help how turned on I am or how badly I want him. At this point, I am begging for him, begging for his cock. I pump his cock and swirl my tongue around the tip tasting his precum. He tastes so fucking good, and the familiarity of this sensual act has my head swimming. A day before the accident "Have a seat." Tanya says, just as Mr. Cullen and his assistant walks in, the door quietly shuts behind them. I quickly scramble across the room for a seat near my boss, one that was far enough from Mr. Cullen as to prevent myself from acting out my dirtiest fantasies. "Isabella Swan?" It's a question directed to me from...Oh god! I blink slowly, raking in every long lean inch of this suit-wearing god standing before me until I reach his eyes and stop dead in my tracks. I don't make it to the hair because I'm caught up in his eyes. The deepest green, like sparkling emeralds, lively and luminous dancing around my stunned face quizzically. He's waiting for a reply. I answer, all flustered and out of sorts. "Hi, yes, that's me. I'm sorry." You're so gorgeous. "Isabella!" Tanya shouts my name, and I turn to face her, confused by her outburst. "It's okay." I hear Mr. Cullen say. I try to wipe away my stunned aw struck expression, plastering on a professional smile of epic proportions. I watch in fascination as the corner of his lips turn up, and he blinks dreamily and licks his lips before he unfurls his drop dead gorgeous smile. I just stare up at him through my lashes. I'm not sure which is more painful; the throb between legs or the thundering of my pulse or the hammering of my heart in my chest. "No, Mr. Cullen, let me apologize for Isabella's unprofessional response to you. I warned you that she would not be equipped to handle this interview." "Of course she is. I like her open honesty. It's what I need." He answers quickly, setting my boss with a stern look. "Honesty?" Tanya questions incredulously. "Her opinion will be of great use to me. I already trust her." He flashes me a grin and the beautiful way in which his face scrunches up brings understanding my gaffe and my head drops. Fuck! Had I said that out loud? "I'm Edward Cullen." He says, as if he needs any introduction. Somehow through the cloudy haze and the glow around his entire god-like form that has me both transfixed, and perplexed all at once, I quickly thrust my arm out into the space between us across the table. He smiles again, and walks around to my side of the table, his eyes trained on mine as if attempting to look into my soul. I try to mask my nervousness, but my voice is so high pitched it's evident that he's the cause. He reaches out to take my hand and shakes it, our eyes locked on one another's. "Isabella." His voice is throaty, thick with some hidden response, as if he too feels this warped connection buzzing between us. "Bella. Just Bella, sir." He grins at that. "Sir?" He lifts an eyebrow in question. "I think we are past that, wouldn't you agree? I nervously avert my gaze, looking up at him through my lashes. "Sorry, sir." His eyebrows flatten on his face as he stares down at me. "Thank you for your compliment by the way." "You are very..."I look down his body, as if memorizing what perfection in a tailored suit looks like. I knew from that moment on every man would pale in comparison to him. My eyes trail back up to his, and I see a crooked, yet mischievous smile grace his face. "Very welcome, sir." "You do not work for me, Bella, sir is not necessary." "Sorry." I mumble, and watch in fascination as Mr. Cullen takes his bottom lip between his teeth and tips his head to me. "You said that already." His voice is light and playful, and I realize then that my hand is still in his. My eyes widen immeasurably and my mouth falls open. "Oh god!" I quickly drop his hand as if it was on fire, and sit there mortified by the ass I am making of myself. "I'm sorry. I'm usually more professional and well put together, but..." I trail off. "Today you are anything but." Tanya says coolly. I drop my head, feeling utterly ashamed of myself. "She is not equipped to handle this interview, Edward." "Mr. Cullen." He corrects her in a clipped tone, and it has me looking up to see if his face matches the tone of his voice. It does. He then begins to fuck my mouth with unrestrained power as if he just can't help himself. "I love fucking your mouth." He grips my jaw in his hands forcing me to look up at him. He runs his thumb across my bottom lip. "The things this hot little mouth does to me..." Even though his words are hot and erotic, his eyes are tender and passionate. His gaze is longing, and far beyond any look a man should give a woman who he just recently met. "Please give me your cock." I beg him. I love to feel the smooth velvet skin of his cock on my tongue. I'm just getting started. He began this, and now that my body has responded he has brought out my inner slut. I am all for