Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. Title :Mise En Place Rating: M Summary : Everything belongs in its place, both in the kitchen and out of it. Can Bella protect herself from someone who challenges that notion? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Mise En Place ~M E P~ "Time?" My voice is hushed. The butterflies in my stomach flutter wildly, whirling as rapidly as the chop, chop, chop sound my knife blade makes against the wooden cutting board. "Two minutes," he answers. "If you want to stay on schedule." He's teasing me, I think, but I'm not in the mood. Every detail of this catered dinner has been meticulously designed, from the menu to the wine pairings to the timing of each course. He knows I don't want any deviation from the plan. Annoyed, I pause to glare over my shoulder, expecting him to be looking at me. He's not. He's bent over the island behind me, saucing each entrée and wiping the edges of the plates clean. "We're staying on schedule, Jacob." "Of course, Chef." He glances up, winks at me. Momentarily, the butterflies' dance slows, pushing a warm tingle up my spine. God, he's really cute . But I don't have time to admire the view at the moment. Without responding, I turn around again, stomach tightening, knife moving even faster as I race to meet the self-imposed deadline. I'm addicted to this feeling – the pressure, the adrenaline rush. It feeds my soul as completely as the food I prepare feeds those who eat it. It doesn't matter whether I'm cooking in the restaurant or catering in a private home, like tonight. The thrill is the same. The kitchen – any kitchen – is where I'm most alive. "Wine service?" I ask, making a final run through my mental checklist. "Seth and Sam should be pouring the pinot as we speak." "Marcassin 2012?" "Yes. Exactly as you instructed, Chef." Ignoring the hint of irritation in Jacob's voice, I scoop the basil chiffonade onto the knife blade and turn around. Working quickly, I sprinkle the herb strips over the top of each plate. In my peripheral vision, I see the servers come into the kitchen just as the timer on my phone beeps. "Entrées up, guys. Plates are hot." While Seth and Sam load their trays, I silence the timer and wipe the sweat off my forehead with the sleeve of my chef's coat. Jacob looks questioningly at me when I don't make a move to pick up any of the plates. He knows I often help serve the main course when I cater, so I can greet the guests and describe the dish. But right now, I'm hot and I want a minute to breathe. "Jacob, help run the plates please." Without missing a beat, he nods and picks up the two plates left on the buffet warmer. He follows Seth and Sam out the kitchen door and down to the back lawn where the dinner party is set. Using my hands, I fan my warm face for a few seconds and tighten my ponytail before setting the timer on my phone for thirty-five minutes. I stack the dirty pans neatly in the sink, and then uncork the four bottles of chilled Gewürztraminer wine. Its fruity, floral aroma fills the air as I pour a bit into a long-stemmed glass and swirl it around. When I take a sip, I'm pleased that the wine tastes more acidic and less sweet than it smells. " À la tienne ," I mutter, toasting to myself as I finish the glass and return the bottles to the bucket of ice. Nervous energy flaring again, I quickly put a pot of water on the stove to heat. I grind coffee beans for the French press and preheat the oven to broil. Finally, I take the tray of custard-filled ramekins out of the refrigerator and grab a clean towel to dab the condensation from the tops. "I knew it was you." Startled by the quiet voice behind me, I stand up straight… but I don't have to turn around to know who's spoken. The recognition is evident in the way my heart skips, my blood warms. Memories I normally suppress break through the surface of my mind as if beckoned by his velvet-smooth voice. For the briefest moment, I close my eyes and remember the nights spent working for him under bright kitchen lights, the nights spent tangled with him in the dark. The deepest part of my heart still bears the imprint – and the scars – of that time. Two years and thousands of miles have separated us. I thought I had finally come to terms with the prospect of never seeing him again. I thought I had finally gotten over him. But if that's true, then why have five simple words started my head spinning, my emotions reeling? Determined not to show how affected I am, I open my eyes, slinging the towel over my shoulder as I turn around. Although I tell myself not to smile, I can't hold back the surge of joy I feel when I see that beautiful face, that once-familiar smirk. The corners of my mouth curl upward all on their own. "Chef." "That title belongs to you tonight, Chef," he says, moving toward me from the doorway. Dressed elegantly in a dark suit and tie, his green eyes seem brighter, more vivid than I remember. His hair is shorter and styled; his face is scruff-free. He looks… different, refined. Stunning. Suddenly self-conscious about my own unsophisticated appearance, I cram my hands in the front pockets of my jeans and shift my weight from side-to-side in my old Chucks. He stops a few feet in front of me, his eyes never leaving mine. I can't breathe, can't speak, even though questions fly through my mind at light speed. Why is he at this dinner? How long has he been back in Seattle? Is he back to stay? How could he leave town without even saying goodbye? While we continue staring at each other, an awkward silence hangs heavily in the air. Then we both talk at once. "Are you still–?" "How have you–?" He chuckles quietly, cutting the tension a little. "Ladies first." "How have you been?" "Good, mostly. Busy," he answers with a nod. His eyes shift to the limestone floor for just a second before lifting to meet mine again. "I, uh, got nominated for a JB Award." I knew that, of course. Most everyone in the American restaurant world checks the James Beard Award nominees each year. Seeing his name on the list last February knocked the wind – and the last bit of hope that he'd come back – out of me. I didn't know he was back from Asia… didn't know that he'd settled in Chicago instead of returning here. Once the shock and hurt wore off, I was genuinely happy for him. But in the four months since then, I stopped looking for him in every Seattle restaurant and on every city street. I slowly accepted that he had moved on, and I tried to do the same. "I saw. Congratulations." "I didn't win." His slight smile – a little shy, a little embarrassed – pulls at a place in my chest that has been closed off for a long time, and I take an impulsive step forward. "I saw that, too. It's a rare honor to even be nominated, though." He shrugs like it's not a big deal, but I see the flash of pride in his eyes. He clears his throat and changes the subject. "The food has been delicious tonight. Everyone at the table is raving." "How did you know I was cooking?" "The smoked scallops. Nobody else's taste like yours," he says softly. His opinion always mattered to me, and his praise was never given undeserved. Hearing the compliment in his voice now thrills me. That feeling lingers as he moves closer – close enough to touch. "And the presentation. That app looked like fucking art on a plate." "Thank you." "Gorgeous." I think he's still talking about the first course, but my foolish heart begins to pound anyway, wishing... wanting. He lifts a hand toward my face, brushing lightly along my cheek before tucking a stray piece of hair behind my ear. His fingers linger there, and then slide slowly down to rest against the side of my neck. Under the warmth of his hand, my skin prickles, my pulse races. I'm not the only one feeling it; I can hear him breathing rapidly, too. As he leans down, I try to keep my gaze locked with his, but my nerve quickly wavers, and I look down at his arm. Catching a glimpse of color beneath the cuff of his shirt, I have the urge to reach out, to push the sleeve back so I can see more of the ink that starts at his wrist and climbs upward on his skin. I was never good at controlling my urges where he's concerned. That hasn't changed, I guess. But just as my fingers land on his forearm, we're interrupted. "Bella?" Jacob's voice yanks me back to reality, and I pull away, taking a guilty step backward. When I turn toward Jacob, I see the question in his eyes. "Uh, Jacob, I'd like to introduce you to my old boss," I say, rushing to rationalize the scene he walked in on. Still wary, he walks forward with an outstretched hand. "Jacob Black, this is–." "Edward Cullen." He speaks for himself as they shake hands. My past and my present. "Nice to meet you." "Likewise," Jacob responds. When they let go, Jacob moves to my side, standing much too close for someone who's just a colleague. The realization on Edward's face is instantaneous, and his darkening gaze settles on me. Explanations sit unspoken on the tip of my tongue – I've only known Jacob for two months; we've only been out four times. But I don't owe Edward those words, and before I can think of something else to say, he smiles tightly. "Well, I'd better get back outside. Good to see you, Bella." He doesn't look like he means that, but I answer anyway. "You, too, Chef." As I watch him walk away, I feel another tug on the part of my heart he held for so long. Afraid that the sadness will show in my eyes, I turn my back on Jacob, moving to the sink to wash my hands. "That guy was your boss before James?" "No. He was James' sous chef." When I started working at the restaurant, James and Edward were close friends, running the kitchen in an easy head chef-sous chef tandem. Slowly, though, the relationship deteriorated, crumbling under the weight of ego and refusal to compromise on both sides. Edward was the creative force behind the most popular dishes on the menu, and he consistently fought to offer diners even more unique flavors. James claimed the restaurant's reputation for serving well-prepared classics would suffer if too many non-traditional dishes were included on the menu. Frequent arguments eventually escalated into all-out war, and James won. Edward left. Left the restaurant. Left Seattle. Left me. I don't tell Jacob any of that, though. It feels disloyal to James – and to Edward – to share it. Ironically, James has softened his stance since then, and he encourages other chefs to bring him ideas for new menu items now. I've given him a few, but my favorite creations – including mythe smoked scallops – are still just mine. He asked me to make them for tonight's catered dinner, but I won't allow him to put them on the restaurant's menu. "You and him?" Jacob sounds worried, so I force myself to face him. "It was a long