Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: Number 12 Rating : M Summary: "Mr. Cullen, you received the package?" the smooth voice inquires over the phone. "I did. I'd like to arrange a meeting with Number 12 at your office. Tomorrow." Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Number 12 "Everything will be taken care of, Mr. Cullen. We've received your request and will send you options later today." "And I can expect complete confidentiality, correct? "That's correct, sir. Everything will remain confidential. The details will only be passed on once you've made your decision." "I look forward to hearing from you, then." *Number 12* "Sir, the package you've been waiting for has arrived. Would you like me to bring it up?" "Thank you, Jane, but there's no need. I'm packing up for the day, and I'll collect it on my way out. You can leave now, if you wish." Grabbing my bag and jacket, I head for the elevator. There's no point in pretending I can focus on work now. I want what's in that envelope. I'd been nervous about the call and even thought about retracting my inquiry, but it's all I can think about. Jane's already gone, but as requested, she's left the package in her top drawer. I tingle with excitement, and I'm tempted to open it right now. Keeping my head, I place it in my bag next to my laptop and make my way home. *Number 12* I pour myself a large scotch and take a seat at the desk in my library. Carefully, I open the envelope and lay all the documents out before me. The agency's done well. I provided them with a specific list of requirements, and I half expected a call to say they didn't have anyone suitable. It's not often people prove me wrong. In front of me are photos of some of the most beautiful women I've ever seen; short hair, long hair, curvy, petite, redhead, and brunette. As I clearly specified, there are no blondes. Not like her. A striking redhead catches my eye. I think my decision is made. She's tall — very tall — with long, pale legs and curves most women would die for. The swell of her breasts is tempting enough to have my cock hardening. It's only once I reach the end of the pile that I dismiss her for a petite brunette. The look she's giving the camera has me palming myself through my pants. Her lips are painted the deepest red, and the thought of them wrapped around my cock as I fuck her mouth makes me come in minutes. Immediately, I call the agency. "Mr. Cullen, you received the package?" the smooth voice inquires over the phone. "I did. I'd like to arrange a meeting with Number 12 at your office. Tomorrow." *Number 12* The meeting's set, and it's all I can think about. Number 12 — or Isabella, as I now know her — will be ready as I requested, with her hair down and wearing that red lipstick I can't get out of my head. Shortly before 2:00, I arrive at the address given. It's downtown, which surprises me. I don't know why, but I assumed it wouldn't be hidden in plain sight. I'm glad I remained in my gray suit; I blend in with all the other "business" going on around me. The moment I step through the glass doors, a leggy blonde approaches me. "Mr. Cullen? Ms. Norton is expecting you. This way, please." I follow her down a long corridor, her heels clicking against the marble floor. Soft, low jazz tunes are piped in, helping soothe my nerves. I focus on that and not what's waiting for me behind one of these doors. Ms. Norton's office is at the end of the corridor. The receptionist gently knocks on the door and leads me inside. "Thank you, Irina. Please assist Isabella and bring her down in ten minutes." Irina nods but remains silent as she leaves. I take a seat in one of the comfortable leather chairs opposite Ms. Norton. "Mr. Cullen, Isabella will be joining us shortly, but before I introduce you, I wanted to run through a few things to make sure we all understand each other." "Go on." She smiles. "As you know, we're an escort service, the best in Chicago. The women here are intelligent, beautiful, and motivated. Most of them have aspirations beyond this assignment, and in many cases, this is a means of paying their way through school. I truly care about my employees, and my primary concern is their safety." Ms. Norton moves from behind her desk and comes to lean against it, directly in front of me. "I know what occurs with other escort agencies in the city, Mr. Cullen, and I need to make sure you understand that won't be tolerated here. These women are to appear as dates, friends, or companions, but if you're looking for sex, you need to go elsewhere." I'm not sure if her comments are meant to offend, but they do. I try to keep my voice calm. "I'm not looking for a whore, Ms. Norton. If I were merely after sex, there are plenty of women I know who'd be all too willing. As I've already mentioned, I need a companion to accompany me on a trip to Seattle for my high school reunion. It's a weekend event and will include a formal dinner. I want someone who can handle herself well in a social situation and won't look bored to tears. My schedule doesn't allow time to meet a lot of women and certainly none I want to introduce to my peers." She watches me for a moment, searching for something more than the truth. There's slightly more to my reasoning, but it's not something I wish to share with anyone. Finally, she smiles. "Well, Isabella's a very good choice, Mr. Cullen—" "Edward. Please." "Okay, Edward." She nods and stands. "Let's go meet Isabella, shall we?" Ms. Norton walks me to the elevator but doesn't join me inside. "Press the button for Level One. Isabella's expecting you." *Number 12* Standing in front of me is a woman right out my dreams. As requested, her long, dark hair is down, with natural waves flowing through it. She's dressed perfectly in a tight, knee-length black skirt, red blouse with sheer sleeves, and high black pumps. Even with so much of her skin covered, I want her. Her makeup's natural, except for the red lipstick I asked her to wear. The photo I received didn't do her justice, and I tell her so. She smiles, instantly drawing my gaze to her lips. "Thank you, Mr. Cullen." She steps forward. "Let's take a seat and discuss your plans, sir." I follow her over to a sofa by the window, my eyes lingering on her ass. "Can I get you anything to drink?" "Water, please." I ignore the bottles of scotch I see in the corner. She returns with a glass for each of us, taking a seat next to me so close that our thighs are touching. "Does this bother you?" I clear my throat. "Should it?" She looks at me but doesn't say anything. I try not to let it show how much her interest affects me. I'm calling the shots here, not her. "I have a question." "That's why I'm here, Isabella, to answer your questions." "This isn't a question about our plans." She turns in her seat to face me and crosses her legs. I gaze down, my eyes caught by her smooth skin. I wonder how they would feel, how she would taste. "Oh?" She smirks, having caught my perusal. "Well… You're an extremely good-looking man. I was wondering why you'd resort to an escort service." My gaze falls back to her legs and her foot, which is currently rubbing up against my leg. "I'm sure there are plenty of… willing… women who'd like to be by your side." I pick up my water and trail my fingers around the edge, very aware of the slight gasp that falls from her lips. I remain silent, enjoying the possibility I affect her the same way she does me. "There are, Isabella," I admit. "Sex, feelings… They can be distracting. I want a professional." "Honesty." She smiles. "I like it. Well, why don't we get started?" *Number 12* The remainder of our meeting is spent going over the plans for the following weekend, and with each hour that passes, Isabella continues to tempt me. She barely leaves her spot next to me and touches me at every opportunity. "Three events." She raises her eyebrows at me. "That seems extravagant for a school reunion." We'll be expected to attend a meet-and-greet dinner on the first night, a dinner dance on the second, and an afternoon tea on the final day. "It's an extravagant school." "Okay." While I use the opportunity to watch her without her noticing, she focuses her attention back to the paperwork I brought. "Well, I'll be prepared for all of them." "Thank you, Isabella." I collect the paperwork and gather my things. "Should I collect you from here on Friday?" She nods and stands with me. "I think that will be easiest." "Is there anything else you need from me?" She moves closer, and with each step, I can feel my will slipping away. It's been an afternoon of foreplay; soft, lingering touches and her foot rubbing higher and higher up my leg. Those boundaries set in place by Ms. Norton seem to be fading, and I want nothing more than to push up that tight little skirt and fuck her over the back of the couch. "Just one thing, Mr. Cullen." She stops right in front of me, and it takes everything in me to not pull her into my arms, to hold her so tight that I can feel every inch of her delectable body. "What's that, Isabella?" She trails one finger down my chest, a move so innocent yet it has me rock hard in seconds. Her nails match her lipstick, and my mind's full of thoughts of her hand and mouth wrapped around my cock. She'd be on her knees, pumping me and moaning as I fucked her mouth. "Our relationship." Now it's my turn to raise my eyebrows. "Relationship, Isabella? I'm paying you to attend a function with me, and as Ms. Norton informed me, there are rules." I stifle a groan as she steps onto her tiptoes, her body now flush against mine, and whispers, "Some rules are meant to be broken, Mr. Cullen." I close my eyes, relishing the feel of her heat. "At your reunion, are we colleagues? Friends? Or… lovers ?" She whispers the last word, sending heat straight to my cock. She can feel it and hums in approval. "That last idea appeals to you, Mr. Cullen?" "You know it does." "Hmm… I think I like that idea, as well." "Good." I clear my throat, taking a step back. "It should make convincing everyone easy, then." She smiles that little smile again, and I think that might be my favorite part about her. "Before you go, I think we should practice." I can't deny that I'm intrigued. "Practice what, exactly?" She hooks a finger through my belt loop and pulls me back toward her. "I particularly like the sound of the convincing part." "Kiss me," she whispers, and the last of my will crumbles. I wrap my arms around her waist and pull her flush against me, my mouth crashing to hers. I feel her smile against my lips, as if she's won some sort of contest, before she kisses me back. As soon as she does, it's like a light has switched on inside me. My hands on her hips aren't enough, and I trail them up