Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title : I Belong to You Rating: M Summary : I'm ready for you. Ready to watch every move you make. Ready to hear every word you sing. Because I know. I know it's all for me. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. I Belong to You Bella I'm ready for you. Ready to watch every move you make. Ready to hear every word you sing. Because I know. I know it's all for me. As I settle into bed with my laptop, I think back to the first time we met. You were playing at a local pub, and I was watching you from a table by the speakers. You were a rock god even then, and I was just a silly sorority girl with a crush. I thought I could hide and obsess over you from my dark corner, but somehow, you saw me. You saw me . My skin prickles as I remember how it felt when you picked me out of the crowd. The moment your eyes zeroed in on me, everyone in the bar faded to black. One look, and I was yours. I'm pretty sure you knew it, too. You were a triple threat with a quirked eyebrow, teeth biting down on your full bottom lip, and an index finger beckoning me to you. I had no intention of going to you, as I was not about to become another notch in your belt. Okay, that's a lie, but you didn't know that. Or maybe you did. You've always seemed to know me better than I know myself. I shook my head 'no', and you threw your head back in laughter. I watched with fascination as your Adam's apple moved up and down, not knowing if you were laughing at me or with me. When I raised my middle finger to you, I never expected you to grab the microphone and ask me to join you on stage. Even then, your fans did what you asked and parted for me without question. I tried to remain stubborn and stay in my seat, but Rose pushed me so hard I practically fell out of the chair and onto my ass. All eyes were on me as I made my way to the stage, but the only ones that mattered belonged to you. You pulled me onto the stage as if I weighed nothing and wrapped your arm around my waist. "What's your name, darlin'?" you whispered in my ear. I managed to squeak out, "Bella," even though the feel of your breath on my skin made my knees buckle. "Well, Bella, you're mine tonight." You were so cocky, but you weren't wrong. I was yours that night and every night since then. Edward I know you're watching. Even though we're apart, I can feel your eyes on me. I feel the heat of your gaze traveling over my body. My messy hair that you love to hold on to when I taste you. My jaw that's covered with the scruff you love to feel between your thighs. My broad shoulders, where you love to put your high-heel-covered feet when I'm fucking you. Because I'm only wearing a leather vest on stage, I know you're eyeing my abs and remembering how you love to trace them with your hot tongue. Fuck, I love it too. When I turn to face Emmett to watch his drum solo, I know you're checking out my ass. You can't wait to grab on to it and push me farther and harder into you. Are you looking at my cock right now? I hope so because I'm already getting hard just thinking about you. The girls in the front row may think it's for them, but it's not. You and I know the truth. You and I know the act I put on for the fans. We both know that you are mine and I'm all yours. Bella Oh, my god. Is that an erection? It's a damn good thing I trust you implicitly, or I might start wondering if you have eyes for one of your groupies. Your faithfulness is one of the things I love most about you, though, and truth be told, I get turned on when I see you work your magic on them. I love how much they want you. They watch you just like I do. When you melt their panties with that fuckhot smirk, you melt mine too. When your soulful voice blasts through the speakers, I want to throw my bra at you just like they do. When they scream your name, I scream it too. The only difference is that, when I scream it, it's because of the amazing orgasm you've given me. That's right. I'm already touching myself. Even when I come by my own hand, I come for you. Those girls dream about you, but they don't know. They have no fucking clue what they're missing, and they never will. They'll never know how it feels to have the weight of your body on theirs, pushing them deeper and deeper into the mattress with every thrust. They'll never feel what I feel when your abs roll against my ass as you slam into me from behind. They can fantasize all they want, but they'll never really know how it feels to have your full lips wrapped around their clits while your long fingers pump inside them until they see stars. They'll never know how you taste. They'll never know what your cum looks like as it covers their breasts. They'll never know how glorious it is to be yours. Edward Damn, baby. The girls are crazy tonight, but they don't compare to you. The front two rows are full of big eyes, plump lips, and huge boobs, and the stage is covered with bras and panties, and all is does it make me want you. These chicks don't know how much I love when you bite down on my nipples before tugging on my hoops with your teeth. They don't know how to kiss me like you do, sucking my tongue into your mouth, mimicking the way you suck on my cock. Speaking of, I can't wait to have your mouth on me with one hand tight on my shaft, while the other massages my balls. Just thinking about grabbing your long hair while I fuck your mouth has me ready to leave this stage and find you. You , Bella. You're the only one for me. You always have been, and you always will be. You're the reason I'm successful, not these girls throwing their phone numbers at me. You're my rock, and I'm nothing without you. The day you became my wife was the best day of my life, and as much as I love making music and traveling the world, I'm only truly happy when I'm with you. Bella This song. This is the one you wrote for me when we were on our honeymoon, and it gives me chills to this day. Watching you play your acoustic guitar while singing to me turned me into a swooning fangirl. Shortly after that, you sang the lyrics into my skin while we made love, branding me forever. Are you going to do the song about that fight we had? I still can't believe you thought that jerk had a chance with me. I know it was early in our relationship, but how you could ever doubt what we have still burns if I dwell on it too long. No man can make me feel like you do. No man can make my stomach flip with one glance. No man can curl my toes with a single kiss. No man can fuck me like you do. And no man will ever love me the way you do. Just like they say in that stupid movie, you complete me. You make me whole. You keep me grounded while encouraging me to fly. You keep me safe and provide me with everything I could ever need and more. I know your bandmates pick on you for spoiling me so much, but you love it too. You make my dreams come true just by being my husband, and I know that together, there's nothing we can't overcome. I love being married to you, but I hate it when we're apart. I know it's only for a short time and it's for a good reason, but I'm so ready for you to be home. Edward Soon. I'll be home soon, baby. I miss you so fucking much. I know I'm driving everyone around me crazy, but I don't give a shit. This is the longest we've ever been apart, and I need you, plain and simple. You're my life, Bella, and without you, I'm nothing. Three more songs and an encore and then I'm all yours. The tour will be over, and we'll be together again. You're gonna get so tired of me because I'm never going to want to leave you again. Being away from you is torture, but I know, in the end, it'll all be worth it. I can't wait to see you. I can't wait to touch you… feel your soft skin move against where I'm rough. I can't wait to taste you… fuck you with my tongue. I want you to ride my face, then ride my dick. When we're sated and worn out, I want to hold you and watch you sleep, counting each breath you take because I'm so thankful you're mine. Bella Watching you on stage is one of my favorite things in the world. You're magnificent throughout the entire show, but two separate moments always stand out for me: the beginning of the show and the end. When you first come on stage, you're so full of energy and excitement. Your smile lights up the entire arena, and your enthusiasm is contagious. Somehow, you manage to stay at that level until the encore, and then you do the impossible. You get even better. You run all over the stage. You slap as many hands in the crowd as you can. The stage lights showcase every drop of sweat that pours from your body, and yet you still give the crowd more. Your voice is scratchy, and your eyes are red. Your body is exhausted, and your clothes are sweat-soaked. You're beautiful. The smile on your face is the perfect combination of exhilaration and gratefulness. You are a rock god. The fans worship you. They beg and beg for more, and you give and give and give. I love it, and I hate it. I'm selfish because I want my turn to worship you. I'm tired of sharing. I need you all to myself. I want to soothe your tired, aching muscles with my tongue. I'm dying to sink down onto your thick cock, to sway my hips and rock back and forth until our bodies demand more. More movement. More friction. More, more, more… until we fall into that beautiful, euphoric abyss together. My hand is between my legs again. I don't know if I can wait any longer. I need you, my Edward. Edward Fucking finally. The show is over, and after showering and doing a brief meet and greet backstage, I'm finally on my way home. Touring does crazy things to a person. It takes hours to come down from the high you get on stage, and by then, it's the middle of the night. You know you should sleep, but there's no way in hell that's gonna happen. It's why many musicians turn to drugs. You get your days and nights mixed up and have to take pills to stay on a relatively normal schedule. It's why I have a driver take me home. I don't trust myself behind the wheel right