Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: The Professor Rating: M Summary : "Isabella, what I'm about to do is terribly indecent of me. Completely inappropriate." His finger dips into the crease between my cleavage and I can't contain my moan. "But I don't fucking care anymore. I'm tired of fighting this." Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Professor BPOV The clock on the wall of the lecture hall inches closer to midday, but it drags slower than ever. Students around me fidget; doodling on notepads and flicking through phones and iPods under their desks. Restlessness is common in this workshop, lasting almost three hours. Other professors give us a ten minute break after ninety minutes or so, but Professor Cullen is a dragon. I've never even seen him crack a smile. Every lecture he stands stiff, stock still behind the lectern. He barely moves from that spot, but when he does, it's to tower over some unsuspecting student in the front row who dared to question him. Professor Cullen has a reputation around campus - his subject knowledge and intelligence matching his fiery temper. I've never been directly subjected to said temper, but to see him display it with others is fascinating. I find everything about him fascinating. I find it fascinating to watch him teach. His brilliance is enticing. His temper excites me. Today, though, I'm like my classmates; restless, bored, unable to pay attention. It's almost the end of the semester and people are eager to get finished up for Christmas in just a couple of weeks. I don't share their enthusiasm. I'm so distracted that it takes me a few seconds to notice movement around me. Class has been dismissed, so I gather up my belongings and start to shuffle out of my row. "Miss Swan?" Professor Cullen stands from his desk as the mass of students file out of the lecture hall. The deep timbre of his voice sends a strange sort of fizzing through my body, starting in the depths of my stomach and spreading outward, coursing through my veins and into my too-fast-beating heart. "May I see you for a few minutes?" I swallow around the golf ball sized lump in my throat and move forward on shaky legs, down the shallow steps of the lecture theatre and towards the front of the room. His eyes remain on me as I move closer, and I have to look away. I can't stand the scrutiny. He's looking at me like I'm dirt on his shoe, the disdain apparent in the way his lips curl into a sneer. He's never looked at me like this. He's always been pleasant and polite with me. As his T.A. for a few of his undergrad classes, we meet once a week to discuss the week ahead, and we've never had any issues. He keeps things professional, but he's always doing chivalrous things like standing when I enter his office for a meeting and opening the door for me at the end. As I approach, he turns and sits in his chair again, gesturing with one hand to the chair on the other side of the desk. I sit down directly opposite him, my eyes falling to the thick stack of papers on his desk. I recognize my own hand writing on the top paper. I also see his red pen all over it Fuck. Professor Cullen flips said red pen back and forth between his long fingers as he waits for the last few students to leave the room, his forearms leaning on the table. I can't take my eyes off the long lean lines, the way the muscles of his forearm ripple and flex with the motion of his fingers. When the door slams, I'm so on edge that I flinch in the chair. I inhale deeply and hold it for a second, willing my galloping heart to slow down. I let out the breath slowly and open my eyes, feeling calmer. A rare confidence comes over me and I meet his eyes, willing myself to hold his stare. Professor Cullen drops the pen on top of the stack of papers and leans back in his chair, legs spread wide, hands resting on his long thighs. The way his black pants cling to the hard muscle is sinful, and I avert my eyes before they can travel higher. The silence stretches out between us as he tilts his head at me, studying me, considering his words. "Miss Swan, I'm sure you know why I asked you to stay behind today." "I..." I'm so nervous my throat is dry, and it comes out a whisper. I clear my throat before speaking up. "I think so, Professor." He narrows his eyes at me and I try not to blanch under his stare. The intense green of his eyes is disarming; he has no idea of the effect he has on people. "I'd like you to tell me," he says, rising from the chair and walking slowly to the side of the table. His proximity is making me more nervous by the second. I can smell his cologne, a spicy, woodsy scent that intoxicates me. "I think... my paper..." "This paper?" He asks, the red pen clattering to the floor as he lifts my paper from the top. I nod, and he takes a step closer. "What about this paper?" "It's not my best work, Professor. I've been having a difficult time lately, Sir." I will not cry. I will not cry in front of Professor Edward Cullen. He takes one more step and I sit up straighter in my chair, trying to create some distance between us. He's too close now. There are mere inches between us; with me sitting and him standing, my face is level with his crotch and suddenly I'm imagining the most inappropriate things. I drop my eyes, fidgeting with the hair tie that's wrapped around my wrist. There's a tangible tension in the room and the strange, heady mix of lust and fear that I feel is making an absolute mess of my insides. I hear the ripping of paper and I look up, gasping when I see him tearing my paper in half and then half again, and then again. He drops it back on the desk. His face reveals nothing. He could be seconds away from exploding and I have nowhere to take cover. "This is bullshit, Isabella," he says, his voice a low rumble. He never addresses students by their first name. Though he has a good pokerface, something softens in his eyes as he watches me. "What happened?" He looks tired now, and sighs before taking a step back and sitting down in his chair again. My galloping heart slows to a mere canter as I realize that maybe he's not going to explode after all. "Sir, I've been having some personal problems lately. It's been a lot to deal with. As you know, this is not the norm for me." It's true. He knows this. I've been able to juggle the extra pressure for the last few months, but the cracks are starting to show. Professor Cullen is a rare breed, and he rarely dishes out praise to any of his students. Still, with every paper I've submitted, it's always been returned with a positive note at the top of the page along with my grade. This small form of acknowledgement gives me some indication that he knows how hard I work for this class. Knowing this doesn't put my mind at ease. I knew when I handed it in that it wasn't my best work. Despite my fear, his face changes before my eyes. It goes from curious, to skeptical, to sympathetic in the space of about five seconds. His lips purse and he runs his fingers through his hair, blowing out a breath. "I'm sorry to hear that, Isabella, but you're a Masters student. You need to set personal things aside when you step into this room," he says, rising from his chair again and pacing between his desk and the lectern. "This is a poor excuse for a thesis intro, Isabella. Have you thought anymore about a PhD? Because you need to work a lot harder than this," he says, his voice rising with each syllable. He's getting agitated again, tugging at his unruly bronze hair. "What the hell happened, Isabella?" He barks when I don't respond. His fury is barely contained. "I... I can't... I'm sorry," The last two words come out a whisper, my voice breaking as a flood of emotion washes over me again. I bite my lip to try to stop the tears welling up. My quiet sobs and his heavy breathing are the only sounds in the room for one long, awkward moment, before he's crouching down on his knees beside me. He reaches up and touches my shoulder, squeezing quickly before pulling away and standing, fists balled at his sides. "I apologize, Isabella. That was inappropriate." He watches me carefully, his gaze darting between my eyes and the tears running down my face. I have no idea how to respond to his words, so I say nothing. "Please don't cry." He looks uncomfortable. "I'm sorry, Sir," I say, still wondering what the hell is going on. "Don't. I should apologize. I didn't mean to make you cry. Obviously, your personal problems are none of my business." He clears his throat, meets my eyes again. "I want to give you the chance to resubmit the paper." "Why?" "You'll have one week. I'll expect a completely different paper this time. Email me if there's anything you need," he says as he moves back towards his chair, lifting his jacket that hangs on the back. He pulls it on, fidgets with his collar; he seems flustered. He picks up his messenger bag, walking toward the door as if I'm not there. He opens the door and clears his throat. The conversation is over. He doesn't look at me as I walk toward the door. I've been dismissed, like nothing happened. As I pass him, his hand on my forearm stops me. My arm burns with his tight grip, my heart stuttering with the effect of his touch. "Do not tell anyone about this, Miss Swan. No one else gets the second chance you're getting," he whispers. It feels like a threat. "Why? Why are you giving me a second chance?" "Because I can." ~The Professor~ I race across campus, running late because Cullen kept me back, when I hear the last voice I want to hear. "Bella! Wait up!" "Angela, hey." "Didn't you hear me calling you?" She's panting, trying to catch her breath. "Sorry, I didn't hear you. I'm in a rush, I'm late for study group." I was hoping my sister wouldn't be so persistent. I should know better. My excuses seem to fly over her head, because she doesn't bat an eyelid. "So, are you coming home this weekend? I want to see Dad." "I can't, Ange. I have a ton of deadlines for next week." I stop when we reach the library - I'll never get any work done if she follows me in. I feel guilty for the the way her eyes fall, so I pull her into a hug. "I'm sorry, Ange. You know I would if I could. I'm under a lot of pressure right now," I say, feeling the panic rise in my chest again when I think about it all. Coupled with the crushing guilt I feel for not going home with her this weekend, it's all starting to become too much. Angela is still for a second, before huffing out a breath and wrapping her arms around me. Her voice is thick, like she's holding back tears. "I understand," she whispers.