Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: Lolita and the Suit Rating: M Summary: 9:37 a.m. Rue de l'Echaude. Paris, France. I was in a strange city, in a new country, on an entirely different continent. So out of my element. Now was not the time to get flustered. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Lolita and the Suit "Oh baby, break me off a piece of that." Lovely . A twentysomething with wild, brown hair and a wide, lecherous grin pushed off the wall he had been leaning against. He was in a baggy shirt and baggier jeans, his lean frame absolutely swallowed in clothing, and he was surrounded by an entourage of boys dressed much the same. I could feel his eyes all over me, peering through my clothing as he licked his lips. He leaned in close as I trotted by, keeping my head down, but I couldn't miss the cloud of cigarette smoke and greasy fried meat that clung to him. "Mais viens ici, bébé. Tu sais ce que j'ai pour toi," he jeered. "I just wanna say hello to ta chatte. " He grabbed his crotch and made a rude noise as I passed. I had no idea what he had said, but from the sloppy slurping noises, he was making, sounding as though he was licking a lollipop to death, I could guess. I didn't respond, just kept walking with my chin tucked low, but a quick glance over my shoulder confirmed my worst suspicions. He was following me down the street. Shit. I rounded the corner, the flower shop there spilling out onto the sidewalk in an upheaval of color; perfume so strong I could taste peonies under my tongue. Any other day, I would have stopped to admire, maybe even bought a bloom for my hair, but not today. Today, I was being stalked down the sidewalk by a Creeper. "Tu n'es qu'une agace-pissette avec des beaux yeux cochon!" he called out, making the woman I was passing raise her own eyes in alarm. I picked up the pace. The sidewalk was jam-packed with people, the entire city suddenly crammed onto the same block I was trying to escape down. The crowd made it difficult to move, much less slink between them. I pushed around a group of middle-aged women in Chanel and Botox; their perfume strong enough to momentarily blind me. Flung myself around a woman pushing a stroller, shouting into the cell phone wedged between her ear and her shoulder, her baby screaming. Danced between two men arguing in French over something on the front page of a newspaper, almost being swatted in the face as I passed. "Where you going so fast, ma salope?" Creeper shouted from behind me, and I panicked. Stepping out into the street, I was nearly flattened by a car, forgetting to look to the right. It blared its horn and swerved hard, missing me by inches. My heart slammed itself up into my throat, and I ran blindly to the other side, near tears. I was in a strange city, in a new country, on an entirely different continent. So out of my element. Now was not the time to get flustered. Just as my foot touched the curb on the opposite side of the street, a strong hand on my elbow stopped me mid-step. "Not so fast, mon agace-pissette." Creeper had my arm securely in his hand and my ear up against his mouth as his hips pressed firmly to my backside. He was sweaty and smelly. His stale breath made my stomach shrivel up and my heart kick into double-time speed. "Don't touch me!" I snapped, wrenching away my arm, flinging myself blindly in the opposite direction. I ran to the end of the block and took a right turn, then a left, keeping my pace fast and barely watching where I was going. I almost knocked down an elderly woman with a paisley printed kerchief and a basket of bread, her angry voice following me down the block. I didn't know where I was. I couldn't spot a single word of English and everything looked the same, as though I was repeatedly circling the block. That bookstore looked too familiar; I could have sworn I just passed it. And that café... Thinking fast and desperate, I ducked into the doorway, flattening myself against the wall, trying to control my breathing. I hoped Creeper would miss my hasty escape and keep stalking me down the sidewalk. The shadows swallowed me into their relative safety, but I didn't even have time to feel relieved about my momentary bravado. I was hit by a wall of aroma that almost knocked me flat on my ass. All the delicious food on the whole, wide earth had come here to die. The smell alone made me want to stay here forever. Salty and spicy, rich and sweet, heavy and light; my nose in heaven. I glanced over my shoulder in time to see Creeper halt outside the doorway and peer inside, taking a single step in my direction. I didn't have time to savor the smell. I kept moving, bustling into the busy bistro with my eyes everywhere, searching frantically for an escape. There was a lone guy sitting at a table in front of the windows, frowning at his phone. Mid-thirties, he was dressed in a nice suit, had no facial hair, and wasn't wearing a wedding ring. Bingo . I fled toward him, darting between tables, stopping so short I all but fell on top of him. "Hi, honey," I managed to croak, putting my hand on his shoulder, breathing hard. The suit beneath my fingers wasn't just nice, it was damn expensive; incredibly soft, dove gray, and likely worth more than my rent. I held on tighter as my vision spun; too much anxiety and not enough air clouding my head. The panic must have been written all over my face because the phone-frown turned into an outright scowl as Creeper strolled up behind me. The Suit took one look at Creeper before his eyes, ridiculously green and flecked with gold, fell back to me. "You're late," he said to me, managing to sound perturbed. He wrapped an arm steadily around my waist, holding me upright. He was probably afraid I'd fall over and knock his wine onto his super expensive suit. "S-Sorry," I stuttered, fighting off tears. "I have this problem." I glanced behind me at Creeper, his face falling only slightly when he saw me death gripping the Suit. He tugged at the front of his pants and gave the Suit an appraising sort of smile. "Vous partagez?" Creeper pinched his fingers together and kissed them, his eyes all over me before glancing down at the Suit. The Suit stood, his grip on my waist tightening. "I do not share. I suggest you leave before I have you thrown out," he snapped. His voice was rough, and so loud the nearby tables sank instantly into silence as a dozen pairs of eyes turned on us. The Suit pulled me close, glaring at Creeper, looking completely pissed off and deliciously territorial; jaw clamped tight, eyes flashing. Creeper gave me one last, longing look, said something in rapid-fire French, then stomped out of the bistro like an insolent child who'd just had his favorite toy confiscated. "Sorry about that," I grumbled, flopping into the empty seat opposite the Suit. My heart was beating hard enough to drown out the noise of the bistro, setting off a booming roll of thunder in my ears. I picked up his glass of water, draining half of it in one gulp. I was freezing cold, close to shivers, but my face was burning and my heart still hadn't slowed to a normal, healthy pace, hammering loudly behind my ribs. The Suit sat back down, his posture uncomfortably straight, his phone now set aside. He was watching me with one perfectly raised eyebrow. Scratch what I said earlier about him being mildly good-looking. He was fucking hot. His hair was burnished brown, nearly copper, slicked back away from his face. His skin was smooth and pale, his eyes edged just this side of gold, less green than I first imagined them. He had a wide, easy mouth and long, slender fingers, and a mole just beneath the curve of his jawline. I would put money down on thirty-five. Serious money. "That was brave of you," he stated. "How did you know I would play along?" "I didn't." I drained the rest of his water and fanned my face with one hand. The cute, bustling bistro was suddenly overcrowded and loud. The claustrophobia was real. I hoped I wouldn't faint. "You're American." His eyes were fixed on my face, which was no doubt beet red and flushed in that weird splotchy mess it always did when I was nervous or scared. "So are you," I retorted. A waiter sidled up to the table, looking mildly nervous. I wondered what that exchange had looked like to the other patrons, to say nothing of the staff. "Can I get you anything, mademoiselle?" he asked me. I glanced at the menu, all of it in French. Fuck . "Uhm..." I stammered, eyes darting around for a word, any word, I recognized. "She'll have le boudin noir aux pommes. And a glass of wine. Rosé. Anything prior to '54." The Suit spoke for me, thank god, and I hoped that whatever he'd ordered me wasn't incredibly expensive. I was down to my last few hundred Euros, worth even less now that I was overseas. Stupid American money. "What exactly did you order for me?" "Apples. And blood sausage," he added. "They are exceptionally well-done here." I grimaced. I just couldn't help it. "I'd like to think I have adventurous taste buds, but I'm not eating that." I shook my head, my hands going clammy, my face draining of blood. If I wasn't going to faint before, I definitely was now. Blood belonged nowhere near sausage. Despite feeling so ill, I stood, still shaky and trembling. "Actually, I should be going." "I don't think that's a good idea." The Suit tilted his head toward the window, and sure enough, Creeper was pacing the sidewalk outside, occasionally glancing in on us. I flopped back into my seat with a resigned sigh, gratefully accepting the glass of something sparkly the waiter set down in front of me. It was sweet and fizzy, the barest hint of pink, and it went straight to my head. Despite everything, it managed to put a smile on my face. "That's more like it." The Suit leaned forward, elbows to the table, the grin still firmly attached to his hot as fuck face. I had to look away. "What is an American girl like you doing in the slums of Paris?" he asked. "Midwest, I'm guessing. Iowa?" Close. Kansas. But I sure as shit wasn't going to tell him that. "I'm a pastry chef," I answered, banking on the general food lore of Paris to float any further explanation. "What are you doing here?" "Mergers and acquisitions." He actually winked at me. What the fuck? "That sounds fake." I sipped the champagne, resisting the urge to gulp it down it tasted so good. "So does that pastry chef line you just fed me." Okay, that was enough. "I have to go. Really." I stood, throwing some money on the table; what I hoped was enough to cover my meal. I had no idea if I was even close; the money here looked like it belonged in a board game and had names I couldn't hope to have memorized in a fortnight. The Suit scowled up at me. "Don't be ridiculous." He forcefully shoved the money back into my coat pocket. "Sit down," he ordered. I shook my head. "I