Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title : Home For The Harvest Rating: M Summary: Montana, 1000 feet above the Missouri River, the last photo shoot before my vacation. The Cullen family, expanding the brand of their high-end whiskey, hired me to photograph their harvest. They chose an unknown male model to add sex to the campaign, and I knew working with an amateur would be a challenge. I never knew their seductive country boy would make me beg for more. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Home For The Harvest "How did it go?" Garrett follows me into my office. I drop my bag on my desk and fight off a wave of tears. "I'm officially divorced, and I am changing my name back to Swan." "Oh, Bella." He looks genuinely sad for me, though I know he never liked Jake. "Did you get what you wanted?" "Fifty... It was generous really. We hardly made a dent in the mortgage in two years. Let's not talk about Jake. Did they find our guy yet?" "I believe they have," he answers with a grin. My whole body sags in relief. We're supposed to leave for the shoot on Monday. "Who is he?" "An unknown. This is all we got." He hands me two photos as I sit in my chair, showing a man in jeans with his shirt open and a smooth muscular chest, lean and hard. The jeans look loose where they hang from his hips and there's no sign of Calvin Klein for a change. He's quite perfect actually, but I can't see his face. "Okay, not bad. He certainly fits the description: fills out a pair of jeans like a boss. Why is he looking down? Do we have head shots?" "No, he's not a professional model." Touching my fingers to my forehead, I breathe through my disappointment. "The shoot will take days." "Maybe not," Garrett coaxes with a conciliatory tone. "They say he's a natural. Take a closer look." I hold the pictures up again. Yes, he's exactly the right type, but he's still an amateur. "I really don't need this. I'm ready for a beach where people bring me drinks. I swear if I don't make my flight..." "Bella, you are the photographer they requested, so take the shots and grab the money. Then you can go on vacation." He hands me a CD and a bottle marked Masen's, "Play this with a glass of their whiskey and fall asleep to it." When I frown, he explains, "It's the sounds recorded in a field of barley at sunset. The insects will put you in the mood. All organic, remember?" "How can I forget?" I respond, hearing the sarcasm in my voice. The client is a boutique whiskey maker ready to expand, and they want a campaign of images showing the harvest of their proudly organic crop of barley. The man is there to make the brand look sexy. That night I take Garrett's advice and play the recording. Instead of the insects annoying me, they lull me into a deep satisfying sleep, just what I needed to take my mind off the divorce. Our lighting guy, Ben, made a convincing argument to drive to Montana. He was worried about damage, getting our gear on a plane in Seattle and then off at Great Falls Airport, the only place we could pick up a decent truck for the 150-mile drive to the remote property. The journey takes over twelve hours, with three of us sharing the truck's bench seat. We check in to the only real hotel in town and rest up before dinner. By seven, we're having a drink at the bar and the boys want to eat. I haven't been great company for days really, so they don't argue when I tell them to go ahead without me. They know I don't find their jokes about me getting laid funny. I'm finishing my glass of wine when there's a commotion outside and I see people standing and peering out the windows. With the sound of a big car engine roaring off, they sit down and everything returns to normal. Spying a bottle of Masen's Whiskey in front of me, I remember I haven't tasted it yet. "Can I please try the Masen's?" I ask the bartender and point to the bottle of their local whiskey. After the long day we've had, I won't bother with a meal. There are nuts in the mini-bar back at the room. "I'll have the same." I don't acknowledge the deep velvety voice or react to the hint of familiar cologne. Dior Homme - the gift Jake rejected. He screwed up his nose after one sniff of the bottle and said, "Why don't you offer it to Charlie. Sorry, but I wouldn't wear it." " Not even on special occasions?" I asked, and he shrugged his shoulders. "Because it's Dior?" " No," he answered honestly. "I just don't like it." It was the moment I knew I was getting out of this marriage. Jake would never try anything new, never be gracious enough to say yes just because it made me happy. He would ruin the vacation to Mexico. This person standing beside me, who may or may not have been involved in the scuffle outside, thinks Dior Homme is good enough to wear to a bar in Nowheresville, Montana, on a Monday night. He's my kind of guy. I sneak a sideways glance as the bartender pours a measure of whiskey into two glasses. Dior man is wearing a black suit, grunting and gently nursing his jaw as if he's in pain. "What happened to you?" the bartender asks, handing the glasses over. "Hit me." "Who hit you?" "Emmett. Can you give me an ice pack? Feels like he broke my jaw." "Ah." The name "Emmett" seems to explain everything and Dior man snorts. "Every time you come home for the harvest," the bartender says, shaking his head. This is nice and all, but I'm a paying customer here. "Could I have some ice in my whiskey, please?" " No ." Dior man puts his hand out to cover my glass and I look up at his face. Fiercely beautiful is what comes to mind to describe his stare. "You consume this just as it is." With our eyes locked together, he dares me to go against his recommendation. I'd tell him to mind his own business, that I don't need him to tell me what to do, but I'm the stranger here and I don't know how things work. "Are you a whiskey connoisseur?" "I know this whiskey," he answers with an eye to the bartender, as if I wouldn't know they make the whiskey here. I'm used to his type: arrogant, handsome and cocky. He thinks he can do and say whatever he likes. I've met models just like him on too many photo shoots, so I can guess why the other man hit him. It usually involves a woman. The bartender stands by with a tiny scoop of ice, waiting patiently, so I take a sip of the whiskey before I decide. It's smooth with a unique, subtle sweetness. "Okay, that is incredible," I concede, genuinely impressed, and take another sip, moaning softly as it passes over my tongue. I can feel Dior man's eyes lingering on me, so I look into the glass and study the liquid, the reason I'm here. Then I don't have to let on that he's making me uncomfortable. "You're staying here tonight?" he questions, and the bartender wraps a scoop of ice in a towel, handing it over before moving away. "I might be. Why, do you have an opinion about that, too?" He chuckles to himself and then groans when he touches the ice pack gently to his jaw. Maybe he is in real pain. "Well you're obviously not driving and I'd know if you were from around here. You're lookin' for somethin'." "Why do you say that?" I ask, intrigued to hear him sum me up. In a movement that looks calculated for effect, he lowers the icepack. It channels my eyes to his jaw as he turns his body to face me. He looks me up and down while I wait for his answer. "I'm lookin' for somethin', too," he finally replies. He knows he's gorgeous and he knows how to dazzle a woman with his smoldering green eyes. I wonder what else he knows, imagining myself flirting with him, practicing for my newly single future, knowing I have backup in the restaurant nearby. "What's your room number?" he asks, leaving no question about his motives. I have to swallow the whiskey in my mouth before I spit it out. I nearly laugh at how naive I am, thinking that amusing banter would have led to a goodnight kiss and an exchange of phone numbers. "You're so damn obvious," I answer, fighting a smile while trying to deflate his ego. "When you're with me, you'll forget about him," he says, staring at my breasts. "How do you know there's a him ?" "You removed your ring from your wedding finger." The observation makes me look at my hand. The indentation is still there and I can't hide it. "I just got divorced." "Well, that's promising," he says with a smirk. Incredible. He assumes I'm agreeing to whatever he's asking. "I'm very good at rebound sex." I snort, realizing I've never met anyone like him. "Really?" "Why don't you try me?" The smoldering eyes capture my gaze, and a shiver races up my spine, shocking me with its intensity. "I don't even know you… no." "You sure?" He asks, raising his eyebrows as he leans on the bar, and then he looks me over again. "I bet those pants would fall straight to the ground for me." Glancing around to see if anyone heard him, I notice this place has filled up since I sat down and I'm not liking the look of the all-male clientele. Feeling nervous and out of my depth, I suddenly want the safety of my room, so I finish the whiskey and get out a twenty from my purse. "Don't," he whispers, frowning at me. "This is my tab. Have another drink." "No, thank you," I reply quickly and leave the note on the bar. "I have a big day tomorrow. I should go." "It's early. Have dinner with me." Shaking my head, I can't look at what I'm turning down. He wants what men want but I'm not ready for this, lacking the confidence to enter the game at his superior level. "I'll escort you then." "I'm perfectly fine." "Yes, you are," he says as his eyes rake down the length of my body, and then dart around the room. "But these men? They're all here for the harvest, and they see how fine you are, too. I'm taking you to your door so you stay that way." God, he's not going to give up. I have to come up with something fast. "Okay, but let me go to the bathroom first." When he nods, I make my escape. The side door gives me access to the parking lot, and it's party central out here with groups of men drinking around pickup trucks and large all-terrain vehicles. When I hear wolf whistles, I increase my pace, but before I know it, there's a man to my left and one right behind me. "Where did you come from, darlin'?" I ignore them, sidestepping and wishing I'd gone to Garrett and Ben. The room is not far but one man is so close, he sends me into a panic. All of a sudden, he's yanked sideways. "Fuck off! She's with me!" Dior man's velvet voice turns into something ferocious when he yells. "She's off limits, you understand?" "You left her