Contest Entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: The Cold Ones Rating: M Summary: Contest Entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Cold Ones The A was a rundown, red brick, seven-story industrial building; a gash in the middle of our smoggy city. It was a head-shop in the seventies; it used to host punk shows in the eighties. In the nineties, club kids took the building over, lit it with strobe lights and bright colors. They had raves and drugs that made the dank walls turn to dreams. That scene faded out when a couple of kids O.D'd or got stabbed while they were dancing their problems away. In more recent years, misfits took the place like thieves and turned it into a home for strays who had nowhere to go. When Angela and I were fourteen, we wore backpacks and push-up bras and took the bus to the A. We pushed it too far with men who didn't give a damn how old we were. They'd give us pills and booze and make us feel older. Once, I sliced a guy's leg open with a beer bottle in the alley when he took his pants off and wouldn't get off of Angela. I've never had a problem drawing blood when it was for the greater good. When we were sixteen, Angela moved away and our group was seven deep. Emmett and Rose, party makers, an infamous DJ duo, co-Gods of the underground, known to show up when you least expect them, their favor to society was just to exist. She had a shaved head and I don't know that he ever saw daylight or sobriety. They made the kids dance; they turned their lives. They used to puppet-master crowds of kids, and god, those kids would love it; they'd lose themselves to Emmett and Rose. It was this kind of reciprocal romance between puppets and string-pullers. It was beautiful—it was drugs and manipulation and shallow—but it was beautiful. Alice was a ballerina who took over the catwalk of the A to choreograph and stare down below to the depths at Jasper, who bore scars that carried stories no one knew, except for maybe Alice. On Sundays, Jasper made beautiful things from terrible pieces of trash. He believed in God and Jesus, too. Jasper was desperate for some kind of unseen truth, to have unwavering faith in something and I believe that's what he was doing by turning filth into something new. He never said, though, so I don't know, but I do know I have seen him make gorgeous, honest pieces out of complete and utter trash. Jasper once said that is what Jesus does every second of every day. Once, I asked him why he only made art on Sundays, as I passed a joint over to him. He laughed in this sad way and said he's too busy committing the worst sins during the week. Of course, DJ's, ballerina's and artists were just disguises—illusions- to cover up what they really were. Then there was Mike who illustrated comic books and Jess who gave crude tattoos. As a couple, they lived on the line between love and hate. She berated and he cheated but I could never be sure what order that goes; only that it was a vicious cycle with teeth and neither were ever willing to run away from the other. By the time I was seventeen, we were starving to create something beyond ourselves and dying to cause destruction over every perceived injustice we encountered. We were eager to swallow or snort or smoke anything that was promised to take us beyond a world that always failed to meet the impossible standards we sought, so we created our own world. We were those ones, the ones too sensitive or too mean, too clever or too stupid for society. We were made up of all who'd ever dared to be the blackest sheep or to be captivated by one. By day we toiled doing our work or we slept off sins from the night before. We threw parties- terrible, loud and violent parties that slashed into the night and blurred into gray mornings. Our motives for coming around may have been different, but the goal was the same: to live like everyone else cannot. For awhile, my God, we did. When I met Edward, I was eighteen and leaning against the bricks of the A, watching a couple of kids across the road spray paint a wall to cover poverty with vandalism. A bus came bursting down the street, groaning in a cloud of its own exhaust before stopping with a hiss, right in front of the A and me. The cigarette between my fingers burnt down to the butt and I tossed it near the curb as the bus pulled away. He was standing there in the wake of exhaust, a backpack hung low on his shoulders, the collar of his jacket was pulled up against the wind, but unbuttoned. His jeans hung too low and not on purpose, his faded red t-shirt looked too threadbare for the chilly night. But his eyes looked healthy. He stood there in the middle of the street then turned his head a bit, his profile sharp and yellow under the buzzing street lights that barely managed to stay aglow. The spray painting kids looked up and down the street then slowly loped over to him. I got the urgent feeling that I should look away, that I shouldn't see this but then he caught my eye and I was well, caught. He stared for a second and both of the younger boys looked at me, too. I'd never once questioned how the A maintained its illegal pharmacy, how illicit things were passed around like popcorn. But of course, someone had to be selling the party supplies. I was the only one who didn't know him because while Edward preferred to stick to dark shadows, I was living life loud and right in the middle of every party. "Be cool," he said to me from the middle of the road. It was a smooth order with a hint of smile. "What?" I asked as he slid the backpack from his shoulders and handed it to one of the kids. He nodded his head to the left and they loped off into the night. "Were you talking to me?" My words sounded stupid in their echo, hanging there while he shoved his hands in his coat pockets and started toward me and the A. You know, later, I could deny it and say I couldn't tell what he was, I could say I thought he was just another arrogant punk hanging around the A, but that'd be a lie. It was plain as day, strung all over him. He was King. Much later, I would see that we weren't enlightened and cool, we weren't some exclusive club of awareness and grit. We weren't doing terrible things to dig us out of a shithole and to a brighter life. The ends did not justify the means. We were just defunct—as in fucked. EPOV Right before I met Bella that first night, my shoe kicked in the ribs of a nameless bastard with no money-money that he ought to have, because he promised. I thought maybe his ribs should splinter and pierce his heart because what good is a man's heart if he can't even keep a promise? That was the problem with the addicted ones. They start off so true and vulnerable and then they break promises. The whole business end of this is heartbreaking. Emmett used the butt of a pistol and slapped the hell out of his temple, then Em put his hand on my back when we headed down the dark street. Emmett shoved his hands in his pockets, but I cried as I spit over my shoulder. That night, we were out to get paid, to lend, to sell. Sometimes it got violent and I did what I had to do even if I hate it. But you let one person get away with bullshit, and there goes your name. It seems like we're cruel and crazy but we're not. What we actually did, is make the party. When we show up, all of the sudden, everyone knows they're somewhere darker and cooler than they expected to be. It's like we made an entry into their books of lives. Everyone got a thrill around us, and that's all I ever loved about it, really. The whispers and lit up eyes in my presence and the unspoken promise I could bring to them whatever they wanted—I was loved like I was some kind of chemical fairy godmother. But everyone hates when it's time to pay the piper. If I could hate anything, I'd hate that part, too. Bella can tell it how she wants, but Bella has always been meaner than me. I might react with more violence, I might strike sharper and with more flame, but when I do, it's obvious and right to the open eyes and done with bruised love. But Bella? She's sneaky about her brand of violence. She's no angel, but she had humor and doe eyes and the kind of charisma that drives a man wild. She had long legs, wit, a smart mouth, misdemeanors and me. She could be downright cruel and unfair, two things I could never be. That's both the problem with me and the biggest difference between us. I love it all, even when it's terrible. But Bella ? Bella knows how to hate. BPOV Alice was topless and on her stomach, stretched out on a faded beach towel she spread on the concrete floor of the A. Jess was straddling her back, working on a tattoo that they'd started forever ago with no plans of finishing anytime soon. Mike was at his old metal desk in the far left corner, markers and pens abounded around him. His knuckles rea and his expression read 'fuck off.' Jasper was on an old chaise lounge, Alice's sunglasses over his eyes, despite the fact that he was reading a beat up book in the dim light. Jasper hated to be in the light. I used to think it was because of his scars, but it's more than that. He's sweet, so he never holds himself up to the light, for fear of having to see his own sins. I heard there were many. I grabbed a plastic yellow bottle of bubbles someone had left rolling on the floor and got comfortable next to Alice. "What do you know about Edward Cullen?" I asked. I held my bare feet up in the air and stirred the bubble wand around in the soap. Jess lifted the tattoo gun from Alice's back. "He's beautiful. And I heard he fucks like a lion," Jess said. "Strong and only from behind." "Nice," Mike muttered over his shoulder at her. "I don't know from experience," Jess said, leaning over Alice to pick up her plastic tumbler of gin. "Why?" Alice asked, her eyes slowly sliding to Jasper, who was gazing at me now, sunglasses pulled up and tangled into his ashy colored hair. "Because," I smiled coyly. "Bella, do you remember what you said to me when we first met, and I asked if you were going to school at all?" Alice asked. "I told you I did once. I spent the better part of a semester at Princeton." "You did?" Jess asked. "You're so young." "I was an artist's model for a Life Drawing class but they kicked me out for being sixteen," I said. "And not a student. But how could I have been a student at sixteen? Semantics and red tape turned me off so much I decided right then and there higher education wasn't