Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest. Title : Firestorm Rating: M Summary : It is said that those who love us never really leave us. What of the ones who get lost in the tides of life? Do they stay with us as well? For two years now she has believed her husband to be missing in action, but then who is the man shadowing her every move? Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Firestorm I feel his eyes on me as I make my way around the room, greeting the guests who have come to congratulate my sister on her impending nuptials. I feel his gaze run along the length of my body, scorching every bit of skin he can see. My insides twist as a mixture of excitement, foreboding and dread rushes through me. Finally, I break down and turn around. Our eyes meet immediately … his green to my brown. The heat I felt in my cheeks moments ago isn't just a heat now; no, it's a blazing inferno, and all I want to do is dive in and let it burn me … desecrate me. I see how his gaze takes me in, as if he's touching me with his eyes only. And in that moment, I know. I know that I am unable to resist him anymore. I'll let him in no matter the consequences. ~.~.~ He doesn't approach me or even acknowledges me as I make my routine meet and greet with the guests. A part of me is relieved that I won't have to deal with the heartache and confusion right now, but another part, a part I don't want to share with anyone, laments the way our visit had gone; in complete silence. I decide that I'd rather take the silence to the pain this fantasy will cause me. I don't want to hurt anymore. After the party, I head off to my room, intent upon relaxing after being on my feet for over three hours. I'm in the middle of pulling on my night shirt when there's a knock on my door. "What is it, Alice?" I ask loudly, assuming it's my sister. When I don't get an answer, my hands pause on the buttons of my shirt, and I walk over to the door and pull it open. And then, I feel the air leave my lungs. ~.~.~ "You?" I ask as my eyes take him in. "What are you still doing here?" When he doesn't respond unlike all the other times I've seen him in the last two years, I say again, "All the guests have left already, so I guessed you would have also ..." He doesn't let me complete my blabbering sentence and instead, says, "I forgot something of mine here." "What?" I don't know what I expect his answer to be, but it's not what he whispers to me in that rough voice of his. "You." A gasp leaves my lips at his proclamation. "Me? What do you …?" My words get lost in my throat when after taking a quick step forward, he presses his lips to mine. The moment our lips touch, it feels like a fire has been lit inside me, and it's a burn I can't resist … worse than that, I don't know if I want to. Some sense slips back into my mind when I feel his tongue touch my lips. It feels too real. Placing my hands on his chest, I push until our kiss breaks and he stumbles back a little. Taking in a shaky breath, I ask, "What do you think you're doing?" "Staking my claim on what's mine," he responds without missing a beat. Sudden anger rushes through me as his words bring back the memories of the past. I take a step toward him, almost getting in his face, and say, "I'm not your property, Edward. I'm not a possession you can simply write your name on and stake your claim." "No?" His eyes flash the deepest shade of emerald as he counters me. "You don't think you belong to me, Isabella?" The sound of my name on his tongue makes me frown. "Since when do you call me Isabella?" "Since you decided that you don't belong with me." The sharpness of his answer slices through my already fragile heart, and I step back with a gasp. Maybe it's my reaction or maybe the harshness of his voice is apparent to him as well, but he closes his eyes and sighs. When he opens them and looks into mine, I can see a storm brewing just beneath the surface. He takes a step forward, and like a prey being stalked by its predator, I involuntarily take a step back. Our dance of hunting and evasion continues until I feel my back press against the wall. My sharp intake of breath makes his lips pull up for the briefest of instances before he puts his hands on the wall on either side of my head and leans in. For a moment, my heart stops beating in anticipation of what his next move is going to be. He brings his face so close to mine that his breath fans over me, and then he whispers, "You say you're not mine, yet each breath you take sounds like my name, Isabella." And that's when my heart starts beating furiously. Moving one of his hands, he places it right over my beating heart and smiles. "Tell me this heart doesn't beat for me, Isabella." No words come out of my mouth as I open and close it before shaking my head. That's all I can do while being trapped in his gaze. The sound of his chuckle makes my skin tingle as he runs his nose along my jaw before whispering in my ear, "Liar." "I'm not lying," I manage to mumble, but my voice sounds feeble even to my own ears. "So you don't want me anymore?" His question makes my heart clench inside my chest. Slowly, I shake my head while inside, I feel my heart scream for him. My heart and my brain are in complete contradiction at his close proximity, but he is Edward Cullen. He has always had that effect on me. He's the only man I've ever loved ... and the man I will never have again. ~.~.~ His hand grips my chin as he tilts my head, probably wanting me to look into his eyes. "You haven't answered me yet, Isabella," he says in a low whisper. "Do you not want me anymore?" "No," I finally manage to reply, keeping my eyes focused on the top of his head rather than looking at him. "Look at me." He waits a moment before pulling on my chin to force me to look at him. "Say it," he demands of me then. "I want you to look into my eyes and say that you're not mine anymore." When I don't respond, he slams a hand on the wall next to my head. "Fucking say it!" The fire burning in his eyes make me whimper, and the truth slips out of my mouth. "I can't." With a slight nod of his head, he says, "That's good enough for me." ~.~.~ Using the hand on my chin, he tips my head back and kisses the corner of my mouth, first the left and then the right, over and over he kisses me without actually kissing me. His teasing kisses take me back to the first time he had ever kissed me. ~.~.~ " Are you cold?" he asks me as we sit inside his truck. Taking in a shuddering breath, I nod, looking out through the windshield. "It's snowing," I breathe the words in awe. He chuckles at that. "That's Alaska for you. It's always cold here. I bet it feels dreary to you." " No," I say with a shake of my head. "I've never seen snow before. It's breathtaking." When he doesn't respond, I turn towards him, and what I see leaves me breathless. There he sits, in the cab of his truck, his arms propped on the steering wheel, with his eyes fixed on me. I can see little droplets of water from melting snow slide down from his hair onto his forehead, and suddenly, I get this urge to lick that drop away. I must've licked my lips because his eyes drop to them, and there's a hunger there that pulls me to him . I know it's inappropriate and I should look away, but I can't. It's as if he's captivated me. " Isabella?" His voice sounds strained as he calls my name. " Mmm?" " Do you want this?" I don't even need to ask him what he means because there, in the darkness surrounding us, his eyes are the brightest points of light for me. Without any second thought, I answer, "I want you ." His hand cups my face as he brushes his lips to mine. That simple touch ignites a roaring flame inside me, and before I know it, we're kissing, touching and warming each other up in ways that are only accompanied by sighs and moans. ~.~.~ I'm brought out of my memories of him by the pressing of his lips to my neck. He drags the hand holding my chin down the column of my throat and presses it there, where my pulse beats in his name. "Edward ..." My whisper of his name makes him smile against the skin right underneath my ear; that's his favorite spot to kiss on me. "Ask me, Isabella," he whispers back. "What?" My question comes out as a gasp as I feel him splay his hand on my neck, letting his fingers skim the top of my breasts through my unbuttoned shirt. "To stop." "N-no," I whimper. "Don't stop." This time when he smiles, it's against the corner of my mouth. "Then what do you want?" I can't take it anymore. Raising a hand, I tangle my fingers through his hair and pull him closer to me. "Kiss me?" He takes my other hand and threads our fingers together before pulling it above my head, and then he's pushing his body against mine, letting me feel all of him. "I will, but on one condition," he says, letting his lips brush mine with every word he speaks. I don't speak because I know … I know that the desperation I feel for this man must be clearly visible to him. "You'll be mine. I want my Bella back." "I'm yours," I respond, unable to carry on lying to myself anymore. "Always yours." "Bella ..." with a broken whisper of my name, he brings our mouths together, making our lips do the familiar dance they used to excel at. When he threads his fingers in my hair and deepens the kiss, I feel like I'm back in my high school days, crushing after the untouchable Edward Cullen. A sudden laughter bubbles up my throat at that thought. He pulls back from our kiss and looks at me questioningly. The look on his face only makes me giggle more, the absurdity of the situation hitting me hard. When he can't take it anymore, he tugs on my hair a little. "What?" he asks. "I'm just remembering how it used to be," I answer, barely able to hide the smile still on my lips. His eyes narrow at that. "What do you mean?" In a surge of boldness, I wrap my arms around him and kiss his lips. "Back in school," I explain. "When you were Edward Cullen, my father's associate's nephew, and I was a silly schoolgirl, yearning for one smile from the handsome boy I saw at the office sometimes." He scoffs at that. Letting his hand fall from my hair, he parts the collar of