Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title : A Matter of Principle Rating : M Summary: The world doesn't particularly tolerate… goodness. Sometimes you have to speak to people in the language they understand. Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A Matter of Principle ~*O*O*O*O*~ With every movement of my hand, shades of liquid gold, amber, and ocher trembled and melded in the crystal glass, refracting the light thrown into it by the hundreds of little bulbs that decorated the ceiling of the ballroom. Rich mahogany and ivory furnishings decked the walls and the large, ornate windows in this ostentatious hall. Hordes of waiters, dressed in pristine uniforms travelled from person to person, presenting what they had to offer. The crème-de-la-crème of the society mingled with each other in what was being deemed the most lavish gathering of the year. The hosts for tonight, Katherine and Garett Denali, certainly didn't do anything half-assed. Bringing my glass up to my lips, I sipped at my scotch, pursing my lips as its smooth texture swirled over my tongue. It was the only one I was going to have all evening, after all. Tonight, I needed to be on guard at all times. For the last half an hour, I'd leaned against the bar, careful to maintain a laid-back stance, as I slowly enjoyed my drink and made sure to flash a nod and a smile at those who passed by. The hall was filled with dozens of businessmen, politicians, doctors, and lawyers dressed in their best tuxedos. Hanging onto their arms were their equally pretentious dates. In some cases, they were the wives and the girlfriends, but I could make out some mistresses, too. They were such mindless creatures, no better than cheap, gaudy accessories to embellish the arms of the powerful men of society. I watched with amusement as some of them peered at the opulence around them in undisguised awe, while others looked on with conceited disinterest. Upon my arrival, I'd made my way through the crowd, greeting everyone with the customary phony smiles and hypocritical concerns about their well-being. Some of the women had looked at me with what they probably thought was flirtation, but in my eyes, they reeked of nothing but desperation. The saddest one, in my opinion, was the one who looked to be no more than twenty and had just arrived on the arm of a man old enough to be her grandfather. That man, though, owned the second largest chain of hospitals in the country, and therein lay the reason behind her interest in him. I had to bite the inside of my cheek to hold back my bark of laughter as she attempted to pout and bat her eyelashes at me, while her old fucker was distracted elsewhere. To amuse myself for the moment, I wondered which of her gold-digger friends or aunts had taught her the tricks that she considered to be alluring, but in fact, left her looking like a chipmunk in distress. I excused myself from the golden couple at the first window of opportunity and grabbed a seat at the bar again. It gave me a good vantage point. My eyes carefully swept across the expanse of the room as I swirled my drink in the glass with lazy flicks of my wrist. My drinking was something I could moderate; what I couldn't control was the biggest and most dangerous distraction I faced this evening. Since my gaze had landed on her for the first time, it refused to stay away from her alluring form for even a second longer than necessary. I'd easily dismissed every single woman at this party who'd tried to grab my attention, except her . Isabella Swan. She'd arrived as Michael Newton's date for the evening, though that probably wasn't the right description. Newton had been a self-professed playboy for as long as I'd known about him, but ever since this woman had walked into his life, he had been seen with no one but her. It'd only been a few weeks, but gossip sites were rife with news about him being smitten with his flavor of the month and the possibility of her becoming much more. I, for one, couldn't blame the man. Isabella Swan was the epitome of beauty. Every other woman in the room paled miserably before the radiance that seemed to emanate from her tonight. Most of the women here had put their hair up in some kind of a fancy knot, but Isabella didn't go the conventional route. Her dark, waist-length hair was twisted into a sort of sideways pony-tail held together by a jeweled hairclip. It flowed down her back in a mahogany cascade of lush, gentle waves. Unbidden, my mind created images of those silky locks wrapped around my fingers as I pounded into her from behind. Patience, I chided myself. I gulped down more of my scotch, trying to focus my mind on anything else to curb the desire blazing through my body. My eyes, however, had a mind of their own and refused to look away from Isabella. They roved hungrily across her slender, lithe body encased in a maroon floor-length gown that hugged every inch of her delicious curves. The dress had a high neck in the front, but I delighted in the fact that it didn't hide the gentle sweep of her collarbones that I yearned to lick and nibble. As if she felt my steadfast gaze, Isabella turned her head toward me. I felt my lips curve up into a smirk as our eyes met. Lifting my hand, I tipped my glass toward her in greeting and watched as her dark eyes narrowed slightly. Her mouth shifted almost imperceptibly to one side as she let her gaze wander over my form. A couple of seconds later, when her perusal was complete, she gave me nothing more than a cursory nod before turning her attention back to her companion. I'd been admiring her from afar all evening, but it was only now that she turned her back to me and I realized that I'd missed out on the highlight of her attire - the deep, scooped back of her gown. It left the graceful curvature of her spine entirely exposed to my greedy eyes. The dress dipped to just above the small of her back, and I wondered if I would have a glimpse of her dimples when she walked. My eyes narrowed as Newton's hand landed over the very inch of porcelain skin I'd been so focused on. Isabella leaned into him with a smile, reminding me of just who it was she was here with. Newton looked over at her and said something which made her laugh and swat at his chest. His meaty fingers caressed her back, and I drained what was left in my glass in a quick gulp. My lips pursed in curiosity as she shifted away from him slightly, taking his hand off her back and entwining it with her own. He smiled brightly at their joined hands, but I smirked at the way she'd distanced himself from him. Michael being the idiot that he was didn't even realize it. "Edward." The sound of my name being called distracted me from my irrational jealous fit, and I was grateful for the reprieve. Mindful of the person approaching me, I forcefully tore my gaze away from the curious couple. When I saw the grey-haired man walking toward me, I smiled genuinely for the first time that evening. "Mr. Banner," I greeted him, returning his half-hug. "How are you doing, son?" he asked me, concern flashing in his blue eyes. I sighed slightly, knowing exactly what he was referring to. "I'm fine, Mr. Banner. Don't worry about me. It has been a year, after all. I need to move on." His wrinkled face gentled as he smiled, clapping a hand on my shoulder. "How many times do I have to tell you, Edward? Call me John." "Sorry, John." He ordered his drink, then took a seat on the bar stool next to me. "And I know how long it has been. I also know the way… things were between you and Carlisle. I've known you your whole life, son, so I understand your mind. You still haven't moved on, at least, not completely. When was the last time you came over for dinner, huh? Ursula has been keeping count, you know. She plans to ambush you at the office one day and bring you home at gunpoint. She couldn't come tonight, or else she would've given you a piece of her mind herself." I had to grin at that. I could easily picture Mrs. Banner doing that. It was a wonder she hadn't barged into my office already. "I know, John," I admitted guiltily. "I'm so sorry. It's just… The Foundation has been keeping me busy. You know it was Dad's dream, and I don't want to leave anything to chance." John smiled wistfully. "Carlisle would've been so proud of you, Edward. I know how hard you've worked all these years. He used to practically burst with happiness every time he talked about your accomplishments at Dartmouth." "He did?" I whispered. It was an involuntary exclamation, a symptom of the years I'd spent doubting every decision I made. "Of course, Edward," he replied softly. "He was my best friend. I knew him inside out, and his pride in the man you've grown up to be was clear to me. Why does that surprise you?" "It's just…" I sighed, feeling extremely vulnerable. In that second, I felt every bit like the belligerent, misunderstood boy who'd spent most of his teenage years arguing with his father. Fate had been cruel enough to take him away from me in the most brutal manner imaginable, without giving me a chance to tell him that despite our differences, I had loved him more than my own life. "We… never did agree on certain… things. His principles were too… too rigid. Thoroughly good, but not at all flexible. He didn't realize that the world doesn't particularly tolerate… goodness. Especially when it interferes with their greed," I said grimly. "Sometimes, you have to speak to people in the language they understand, even if it isn't something you wish to do. That is the philosophy I abide by, but he didn't agree." John's expression morphed into one of ancient grief. It was the same one he'd worn once the shock of my father's sudden demise had passed. "Edward, son…" "Don't even try," I muttered, trying hard as hell to suppress the telltale prickle behind my eyelids. "Don't attempt to convince me otherwise, John. You didn't see his last research report. You didn't read his… last letter. I told him a million times to stop snooping into the big players!" I let the familiar anger wash over me. It was just the anchor I needed to get through this night. "Look where it led him - false charges that ruined his career and his reputation. What did he get in return for his noble intentions, huh?" Newton Corporation was a multi-billion dollar company, dabbling in several different fields. Their main profit came from the division that produced and distributed hundreds of types of frozen foods worldwide. I don't know who or what had tipped my father off, but somehow, he'd suspected and found out about the dangerous levels of certain preservatives being used in their products. Being a scientist, he couldn't rest until he'd uncovered the entire truth. I could still remember with perfect clarity the day I'd returned from college, determined to talk through all our issues and make peace with Dad. We'd been practically estranged throughout my years of schooling, but now that I was about to step into the real world to make a name for myself, I wanted to do so