Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Title: The Game of Seduction Rating : M Summary: It started out as some innocent birthday fun. I dared Edward to seduce me. I didn't dream he would succeed. I had no idea how much he would make me want him. Contest entry for the Control. Possess. Seduce. Contest Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The Game of Seduction It was my birthday. This morning I had officially turned 26 years old. And I was not at all excited. So what if I was one year older? Nothing was going to change. Squad 17 would disagree. The nine other members of my police unit constantly tried to convince me that birthdays were a big deal. That every stupid holiday mattered. Though that was probably because it was an excuse to party. That was why I was still turning up tonight. Though I wasn't interested in celebrating, I was interested in getting really, really drunk, and the guys had promised to buy me drinks all night long. They might be twenty something men with the maturity of five-year-olds, but they had their merits. Tonight, I would forget how lonely my life was. Even though I would have been perfectly happy to get drunk on my own, I decided that since the guys were putting in the effort, I would, too. I pulled on a skin-tight blue dress that suited the color of my creamy skin and long dark hair. Looking in the mirror, I had to admit I looked good. Two hours of training every morning at the Seattle Police Department had left me lean and toned, and often made me a target of wolf whistles given the 1:100 female to male ratio at Seattle PD. Most of the time, I let the attention roll off me. Not tonight. The evening was going better than I'd expected. The guys had bought me my favorite donuts, which I happily devoured as I knocked back drink after drink. Emmett, the leader of our squad, surprised us all by offering to buy a round. Jasper, who was usually cool, calm and removed during work, was the life of the party off duty. There were several others too, and they took turns amusing me, talking to me, keeping me entertained. They were as attentive as any guy trying to lure a girl into bed for the night, more so even. The difference was that they weren't trying to sleep with me. We had a solid friend only relationship, like brothers and sisters. Usually it was something I enjoyed. And I did like it. But not as much as I thought I would. It wasn't their fault. I tried to have fun. I tried to lose myself in the drinking and the laughing and the sometimes-playful-sometimes-not hitting among the group. But after more than five years in the police force, my brain was hard wired to be on high alert 24/7. I just couldn't let my guard down. And it was more than just not being able to relax. Tonight, I had an itch. Tonight, something was off. I just didn't know how to fix it. I was so absorbed in trying to figure out why I felt so restless that I didn't even notice that Carlisle, who I had been talking to just seconds earlier, was suddenly leaving. Then, sliding onto the bar stool next to me in his place, was Edward. 'Hey Bella, look what I brought you!' He said in the typical too loud manner of a man full of alcohol. With a grin, he placed down a full bottle of tequila. My favorite liquor. If I wasn't already drunk, I was about to be. But right now I was still sober enough to wonder why he was here. 'Don't you have something better to do? Scoping out the females in the bar? Using your legendary charms?' I asked, quirking an eyebrow up at him. Edward was a player. No questions, ifs, ands or buts about it. He loved the company of women, but never more than once, and didn't care who knew it. Surprisingly, I didn't hate him for his behavior. Edwards was never crass, never took advantage, and didn't kiss and tell. He was as classy as you could be if you had a different woman in your bed every night. 'Who says I haven't been already?' He retorted, pouring us both a drink in two shot glasses he snagged from the bar. 'The night is still young, Bella. Plenty of time for all that later. Right now, I'm spending time with you.' He explained, pressing the drink into my hands and holding his up into the air. 'To the birthday girl!' He toasted. Eager to drink, I clinked my glass against his and knocked it back. The fire down my throat was wonderful and familiar, making me shiver. Edward didn't seem affected by the liquor though. Instead he looked contemplative. 'No, that's not right. Can't call you a girl, not in that dress.' He said, shaking his head. 'And not now that you're a year older. Twenty-six. Two-Six. Closer to thirty than twenty!' He exclaimed. I rolled my eyes. 'Women never like talk to talk about age, Edward. You should know that.' I replied jokingly. I didn't care about my age, but he seemed to think it funny. 'I do. But since I brought it up, we can't go back now!' He answered with a laugh, pouring a second round. 'To twenty-six!' He exclaimed, and again we both drank. 'So what are you going to do now that you're a year older?' Edward asked, resting an arm on the wooden bar top. I couldn't help but notice the muscles in his arms flexing as he did so, and I wondered if maybe I was drunker than I thought. Shaking my head I flicked my loose hair over my shoulder. 'I'm going to do whatever the hell I want.' I replied. Edward grinned. 'An excellent plan. Does that happen to include doing things that are very immature and incredibly stupid?' He queried. I narrowed my eyes at him. 'What did you have in mind?' Too many drinks later, Edward and I were a mess. The question of whether or not we were drunk yet had long since been answered. But that didn't stop us from dancing, laughing, and taking the game of truth or dare we were playing with the other guys way too seriously. When the game deteriorated into Eric and Mike wrestling on the floor, Edward and I left the game to move to the other side of the room, leaning against the cool wall as we surveyed the packed bar. It was then that crazy drunk me asked a crazy stupid question. 'How do you pick up women?' I said, speaking before thinking as the thought popped into my head. Edward stopped mid drink to throw me an incredulous look. 'What?' He replied, staring at me as if I'd grown a second head. 'How do you convince all these women to sleep with you? What's the process? The magic move?' I asked, suddenly intensely curious. Edward was still gaping at me. 'You can't be serious.' He managed to reply. Standing up straight, I folded my arms over my chest. 'I am. I want to know. It's my birthday. You have to do what I want.' I said defiantly. Edward ran a hand through his hair, collecting his thoughts. For some reason, my eyes lingered on him as he moved. 'Okay, well I guess the first step is finding a target.' He said. He moved close and subtly pointed across the room. 'See that woman there? How she's watching everyone around her and holding tightly to her drink? She'll never go home with anybody. She's too insecure, too worried about strangers, or just broken up with a guy.' 'How do you know?' I asked, amazed by the deduction. Edward shrugged. 'Experience. Observation. Because I'm a master of seduction.' He bragged. I playfully shoved in the arm. 'You are not, asshole.' I retorted. 'Yes, I am.' He argued. 'I can prove it.' He boasted. I gave him a disbelieving look. 'By what, having me watch you chat up some random woman? I don't think so. That's too easy, and too creepy.' I replied. Edward turned to throw me an irritated look. 'Then how am I supposed to convince you of my epic skills?' He complained. Impulsively, automatically, without thinking, I replied. 'Use them on me.' I said. Edward froze. 'Do whatever you usually would. Chat me up. Persuade me. Then I'll believe you.' I continued. I had no idea why I said it. But suddenly, I was desperate for the attention. Edward's gaze on me was fierce, his green eyes intense and unreadable. 'Okay… But let's set everything straight right now. You're giving me permission to hit on you? To try and control you, possess you, seduce you?' He asked, his voice low and husky. Suddenly hyper aware of how close we were, I nodded. He grinned. It was devilish, mischievous, sexy grin. 'Alright then. Let the game begin.' This wasn't going how I'd expected. I had expected Edward to flirt, but for the efforts to seem stupid and silly when there was nothing but friendship between us. I had expected for us to dissolve into drunken laughter, when he leaned forward to touch my arm or used an age old pick up line. We didn't. This game was not light hearted and stupid. It was hot. Intense. Erotic. I had noticed before that Edward was attractive, but had never considered anything with him. I liked being single, and didn't have plans to change it. But with a restless energy inside of me and tequila burning through my veins, suddenly I was very aware of how handsome he was. Messy bronze hair that looked like it was ruffled from sex. Eyes that were too green and too intense. Defined cheekbones and a jaw line my fingers suddenly itched to touch. He was tall, too, towering over me even when I was wearing heels. At the moment he had me boxed in against the wall, one of his hands leaning against the bricks above my head. It had been one of the first moves he pulled, his reason that the close proximity built up tension and made things more private. Well, he was right. So right. My chest felt tight and my breaths were shallow. When he purposefully dropped his police badge and 'accidently' brushed against me picking it up, my heart stuttered. 'Want a sip of my drink, Bella. Yours looks empty.' Edward offered, giving me a winning grin. My drink was currently still half full, but that wasn't the point. It was a game. I nodded, and he took my glass from my hands and put it on a nearby table. Then, he handed his beer over, holding my hand for a little too long. As I took a slow slip, he didn't stop watching me, his eyes bright in the darkness of the bar. Shivering under the gaze, I quickly handed him back his drink. Or I tried to. He was stopping me with another sexy smile, his hand snapping forward to brush the side of my mouth. 'Oops. You had a little something there.' He said huskily, his fingers once again lingering. Instead of pulling back, his hand skated up to my hair, brushing it back from my face. 'You have really beautiful hair, sweetheart.' Edward commented, as he twisted the dark brown strands around his fingers. 'Thanks.' I replied automatically, flushed from his touches, which were growing in frequency. 'It's a bit hot in here to have it down though, isn't it?' He asked. 'Ummm, sure?' I answered, not knowing what to expect next. I jolted as his hands moved down to my neck and swept my