A.N. : I really do think Gale gets a rather raw deal out of Hunger Games . It's all from Katniss' perspective, of course, so we don't get to see Gale's personal growth; but I'd like to see him have some conversations with someone that don't revolve around the Girl on Fire. Like Gale's perspectives on the Capitol, the Games and the rebellion; he is the true rebel. How Katniss refers to Gale's 'anger and hatred' is rather unfair; she's rude and disdainful toward the Capitol, rather than openly hostile. So, I'm giving Gale his own 'dandelion' as it were. Something to stoke his flames in a good way! And I've sort of rearranged some of the Districts, because I want my characters to come from somewhere brutally cold, snowed in six months of the year…somewhere like Alaska. Ice and fur and fish, lots of elk and babies! Also, I've watched too much Lord of the Rings , King Arthur , Call the Midwife and Snow White & the Huntsman , all of which heavily influenced this story. This story is probably a little darker even than Hunger Games canon – there are some elements that, if written in more detail rather than referenced, would make this an 'M' rating. Oh, and given Snow's granddaughter is portrayed as a twelve-year-old in Catching Fire , I've decided to give her a little more presence in this story – and she's quite important because her 10th birthday affects the 72nd Hunger Games. Snow Queen Reaped The term 'reaping' has two definitions: 'to get as a return, recompense, or result'. Or 'to cut with a sickle or other implement or a machine, as in harvest'. The premature Reaping for the 72nd Hunger Games set things in motion for a spectacular show. President Snow's granddaughter was approaching her tenth birthday: as a gift, her grandfather had promised to dedicate the 72nd Hunger Games in her honour. And she had requests: "the little ones die too quickly," she had told Caesar Flickerman on national television. She was dark-haired, and pleasingly normal-looking beside the bizarre host with his emerald-green hair, eyebrows and lipstick. She was a doe-eyed, pretty little thing with a guileless smile, and it saddened Eirwen to see such warped innocence, giddily anticipating the brutal deaths of twenty-four children. Eirwen didn't know whether the little girl even realised it was wrong; or that she had been taught that this was normal, the Hunger Games were merely a television-show to entertain the people of the Capitol. It made her stomach turn either way. The Hunger Games were an atrocity – they rooted for their favourites, crying when they got killed. And when the Victor was named, they were eaten up with jealousy that the Victor's district received foodstuffs the rest only ever dreamed of. Corn-syrup, tinned fruits, eggs and flour! Every family, in the entire district, for a year. Their district was tiny – it made the impoverished coalminers' community of District 12 look like a sprawling metropolis. And they were largely ignored; fewer than four-thousand people lived in their community, tucked far in the most treacherous glaciers of the north, a mountainous sound sided by the ocean, unapproachable, barely liveable. But it was theirs: and because the Peacekeepers couldn't take a word of advice, their district was famous not for fishing, or textiles, masonry or coal. They were notorious for… losing their officials. They contributed so little to Panem in general, just elk-meat, the odd fur from a pure white bear, highly prized and expensive, salmon and halibut, and above all ice , that it seemed staggering they had been remembered at all after the rebellion, when they had done what they always did in conflict – hid, kept their heads down, and kept going. Yet every year, Dorabella Blithe arrived looking utterly atrocious in her Capitol fashions, taking two of their children away to the Capitol, to dress them up and stuff them full of unimaginable treats before they were slaughtered. District 9 had its Victors, yes: and they were some of the fiercest and most awe-inspiring people in Panem. The small community of District 9 were renowned as some of the hardest people in Panem. The conditions in which they lived were worse than any faced by the other districts, even before taking into account the Peacekeepers. A month-long summer, five hours' daylight during the dead of winter, everything covered in a blanket of snow at least six foot high, a true subarctic climate. But there was one thing they were good at: and that was surviving. And they were taught how to survive from the time they could walk. Hunting, fishing, starting fires, surviving in a blizzard, farming humble little allotments, canning, preserving meat, sewing, treating furs, baking, skating, carving and how to utilise herbs as medicines. They were hunters and healers. Survivalists. They had as good a chance as any Career at winning; and in comparison to Districts 1 and 2, who most often won the Games, District 9 had a higher ratio of Victors to population. But their population was barely 4,000 – there were fewer than five-hundred children between the ages of twelve and eighteen present every year at the reaping – and they felt the loss of those two children taken from them every year. Almost every one of them had been delivered by Griet: she was the oldest-surviving Victor in the history of the Hunger Games. Well into her nineties, she was a sprightly, enigmatic woman with a wide, pale face and glowing eyes, and mesmerising long-fingered hands that fluttered like spiders. Griet was a calm, conscientious objector to the Games. During their summer month, District 9 saw the greatest percentage of that year's births; as the sole experienced midwife, she was in great demand, and it wasn't uncommon for the Peacekeepers to grumble that the "madwoman" refused to leave the side of a woman in labour to watch the Reaping. There were only two midwives in their District; Griet, a nonagenarian with a fading memory and a tendency for naughtiness and cake-stealing, and her teenaged apprentice. Eirwen. The only baby, in all Griet's years, to ever have been abandoned. Since she was fourteen, Eirwen had helped deliver 195 babies. Hunting, she was excellent at, she had been taught by the best; every child in the District was. She could sew, knit, make medicine from plants, fish and ice-skate…but delivering babies, healing people; she was no doctor, there were none in 9, but she had experience, and people trusted her. And she took pride in her ability to help others. When the President had stood outside his palace in the heart of the Capitol and announced, live to all of Panem, his intention to dedicate the 72nd Hunger Games to his granddaughter in honour of her tenth birthday, Eirwen had been attending a difficult birth – twins, the second born breech, the mother exhausted from eight previous pregnancies and complicated births. The ancient television had projected above the crib in which three babies already slept snugly, and as Eirwen had counted time between contractions, they had talked quietly about how atrocious it was, President Snow gifting his ten-year-old granddaughter with the slaughter of children for her amusement. They had watched Caesar Flickerman do a special broadcast, interviewing Miss Snow on the elaborate plans for her birthday – detailing the parties, the cakes, the clothes and jewellery she was to wear, the preliminary guest-lists of school friends, fashion designers and lusted-after Victors – and the specifics she had given "Grandpa" to make these Hunger Games special. As Eirwen had carefully unhooked the baby's legs, letting it hang for a moment, a towel draped gently on the body, gravity doing its job to reposition the baby's shoulders, allowing easier passage of the head to prevent suffocation, then coaxed the mother to gently push, all she could think was, when this child reached ten years old, she would be lucky to receive a ribbon. And a further two years, she would have her name put into the reaping bowl. What a lovely gift. But the twins had been born, healthy and safe, despite the complications of the second, and the district spent the next few weeks chuntering and whispering about the ridiculous opulence of the Capitol, the sheer wrongness of granting a child the birthday-present of a massacre in her honour. They talked about the gossip Caesar Flickerman circulated on his television-show, both about the little girl's birthday celebrations, and the amendments to the year's Hunger Games to make sure they were spectacular. "It all adds to the flavour," Caesar Flickerman had said, chuckling when Miss Snow had dimpled, teasing that she couldn't give Caesar even a hint of "what Grandpa has promised; he's been sitting with Seneca". Seneca Crane. This was his first Hunger Games as Head Gamemaker. Historically, every new Head Gamemaker's first Hunger Games were their best. And if he was supposed to create Games to honour the President's doted granddaughter, well, they had better be spectacular . No more blighted desert arenas, no single weapon the tributes had to bludgeon each other to death with. Nothing dull. Nothing they had ever seen before. Or it was Crane's head. The tributes for the 72nd Hunger Games were to be invited to the Capitol a month early, so they could be included in the birthday celebrations. Before they were sent into the arena. With barely four hours' darkness during the summer months, daylight had already spread across their land when Eirwen meandered down to the sound on reaping day, the water churning with salmon – and off the shore, the recognisable black dorsal fins of the killer-whale. It was a tradition, in their district, amongst her friends, to congregate at the beach the morning of the reaping. The girls in their prettiest dresses, the boys turned out handsomely, and they caught salmon, roasting them over an open flame, while they flirted in the surf. With the sun baking the stones twenty hours a day during the brief summer, a luxury in their district was walking around barefoot, as they did all summer; the boys laughed amongst each other, whispering and grinning, before trying to splash the girls' flimsy cotton skirts. One last feast, one last flirt – because it could very well be any of them going to their deaths later that afternoon. "Happy Hunger Games," Russ crowed, raising a flake of salmon, his smile lethal and sardonic: in a chorus, the rest laughed, putting on the Capitol affectation they mocked Dorabella Blithe for, "and may the odds be ever in your favour". "Come on, don't tease," Astrid grinned, her eyes sparkling as she reached out to swat his backside. "Just because we're almost out of the pool." "There's just today, sweet," Russ sighed, his features softening as he gazed down at Astrid; he was tall as an evergreen, his hair flaming red, a handsome boy known to take point when he and his brothers went whale-hunting. A single whale could feed hundreds of them through the winter. There was no waste in their community. And they were a community; each person helped the other. And when Russ and Astrid married on midsummer's eve, they would move into the cabin he and his brothers and friends had been building for them. It was tradition. Eirwen's stomach hurt sometimes, seeing how in love Russ and Astrid were. She was the only person who could make Russ' features go tender like that: and he was the only one who drew shy Astrid out of her shell. They complemented each other so perfectly, and their joy in each other's company was infectious. Eirwen didn't have a boyfriend; she had kissed boys – quite a few of them! And she enjoyed keeping warm with them in the winter, as one of Russ' brothers could attest to – but she had never been in love. Of all the women in the district,