Hello, now I wanted to say somethings before you read this. Trigger warnings of course. This is rated M for reasons like cussing, maybe sex idk don't freak mates, and blood. The beginning is Nico's past that I completely made up. (Wow kid you have a messed up mind for thinking of all this!) Shut up. I promise non of the other chapters are as bad as this one. I swear to all the Gods. (I believe in Hellenism so I say Gods) I just wanted to get Nico's made up past out of the way. It's sad, there is death, yeah. It talks about his parents deaths and other things. Rape, but no I don't picture it out. At all. It just says that they did. I promise you. No details. You good now? If you get triggered easily then just...why are you on M? Find a T or K. Bad idea on your part. I seriously hope you enjoy. I have been thinking of writing this for awhile now. I am working on one that is almost done called The lights in the Shadows. Check it out on mine. It is rated T and there is only cussing. Not anything else. I wanted to make more of a mature one because the other is fricken clean. (If you think making out is clean you are weird) Shut up. It is clean ish. Anyways you won't enjoy this chapter, but I worked hard on it (Not in the rape you fucktards) and I am super happy with the start. OTHER DEMIGODS WILL BE PRESENT! Also none of them are demigods in this. Normal high school kids. No powers. Are we clear? You get the picture. I am gay myself (male don't assume my gender T . T ) ~ Hahaha funny joke. Anyways I have dysexia so don't be like YOU SUCK AT GRAMMAR AND SHIT! Yeah I know! Fuck off. At least I know my you're and your. And my to, too, two. I just can't spell for shit. Anywayyyyys instagram asher . franz (no space) where I cosplay as fucking anime shit and sometimes Nico di Angelo. Wooooo coolio. (You will have to dig deep into the shit) OR you can follow my meme account which is offensive (yes shut up) which is salty . skunks (no space) Cool cool, now read and enjoy the fanfic. Thanks and sorry for being a horrible person *winks* Bye now ~Asher Shut up, Solace Chapter one: Nico's Point of View (Everything in this, with pasts, are made up. Nico's past is made up completely due to making him human not a demigod. Same goes with most characters. Thanks.) A gasp of wind escapes my lips making a soft sigh of unhappiness. It's been a year since I went to school and I am not talking about a summer, a whole year. I ended up skipping the entire 7th grade due to many things. When I was in school in 6th grade which was my first year going due to other reasons, I was very aggressive and got in many fights. People didn't mess with me and that is what I wanted. I wanted to be away from everyone and everyone to be away from me. Sadly that didn't happen when in the middle of my 6th grade year this girl, Emmi, spoke to me. She refused to get scared off and I started to enjoy her company. I started to not be able to handle being without her. That's when she got tired of me always attacking people. She hated it and would yell at me. I was not stable mentally and so I would flip out. The school hated me and wanted me gone, but the teachers knew my horrible past and would try their best to help me. They knew my internal struggle. My past was dark. Horrible. Sad. It was many things wrong with my past. Let's start with my parents death. I was born and things were great. I don't remember much about it, only what my late sister Bianca told me. I was a crybaby is what she said and would wake up in the middle of the night a lot. She told me this, one night I started screaming my lungs out waking my mom up. (Time flip) " Moi angelo , shush shush. Mommy is coming, it's okay." My mother yells rushing into my room late into the night. My eyes were red from all the tears pouring down my face. My little nose had snot falling from it and my face was bright red. Moms arms wrapped around me as she picked me up, rocking me back and forth. "Nico, Nico, shush darling. Shhhhh." She whispers into my little ear. "Nico, what is it honey?" Mom adds asking worriedly. "Nico is crying again?" My dad said standing in the doorway. "Is there something wrong with him do you think? I have never heard of anyone's kid crying this much. He barely sleeps." "Nico is just a bit of a crier. It's alright honey, I have him." My mom tells my father. My dad nods walking in kissing me and my mother before walking out. I am not longer crying, just doing those hiccup breaths you do after you cried really hard. My mother sits down in the rocking chair by my cradle and holds me singing my lullaby she always sang me. My eyes find their way shut leaving my mom to stare down at her sleeping toddler. She sighs putting me back into bed then walking downstairs to get herself something to drink. That's when she hears a footstep in the living room. "Honey is that you?" She asks not looking as she pours herself water. "I got little Nico down to bed finally. We should do the same don't you think?" She adds. No one answers which makes her get the chills down her spine. She lifts up her head to see a man standing there, a man that isn't my father. Her heart stops causing every muscle in her body to freeze up. The man is holding a gun and pointing it at my mothers head. "Who a-are you? What do you want?" She asks her body shaking. "Please don't shoot. I have a baby upstairs that is only four and a daughter that is six. Please don't shoot me they need their mother." She says not moving. The man eye twitches showing that he is mental and there may be nothing you can give him to stop him from shooting. My mother tries again anyways. "Do you want money? You can have my wallet, it's in the study. I am an artist and a clothes stylist, I make a lot of money. Take it all, but please don't shoot." She begs her eyes tearing up from fear. "Please, I beg you." The man pulls the trigger watching my mother's body falling to the floor. She lays on the ground breathing heavily, but screams upstairs to my father. "There is a man in the house! Take the kids and get out! Don't come down stairs! I have been shot in my heart! I am dead, save the kids! Save our bab-" The man shoots her in the head leaving a clean shot to reflect. Blood pours from it making a pond of red liquid around her. The man turns to look up stairs and starts up it. (Time flip) And that's how my mother died. It was something I don't remember much, but I remember the echo of the gunshot. The doctors told me I remember that because it was tragic and a new sound my brain heard for the first time. My father's death was bad too, but this one was different. After mom's death he went crazy. He would drink non stop and end up hitting Bianca or me. I was five now and Bianca was seven. I remember us hiding in the closet of our room when dad got home. He would leave us home during work and come home to drink and maybe beat us if he found us. He beat Bianca the most because she looked like mom. Had her brown eyes and her dark brown hair. Her italian skin tone and long eyelashes. Dad hated looking at her because in her he saw his dead wife laying on the ground in the old house. Dad ended up hanging himself in his room when I was six and Bianca was eight. I remember walking in with my sister because dad hadn't come out in two days for work and there was a man outside waiting to have him sign this mail thing or whatever. When we opened the door we saw him hanging there from the ceiling fan. Me and Bianca screamed when we saw him. She ended up grabbing my arm and running back down screaming "Dad is dead! Our dad is hanging by a rope!" Now this scared the shit out of the mail guy. The poor guy was only 18 or so. We were two kids crying and screaming from just seeing our dead dad. He called the cops, but before he could grab us we ran out of the house due to fear. We kept running and ended up hiding in a nearby park. Then after that we just kept walking until we ended up in a city where we would search for food in the trash or take things from people's pockets to only have the cops chase us away. One night it was snowing. Me and Bianca was holding each other trying to keep warm in our wet clothes. These teens were walking in the alley we were sitting in and saw us sitting there shivering. They gave us their coats and told us to come with them and stay at this house they knew. We followed them into their van going into the back. They drove and stopped at this abandoned house. They brought us in and took us down into the basement. The placed smelled of drugs and alcohol, but we didn't know what the smell was. We were kids. They showed us this secret room we could hide in and they gave us blankets plus pillows. They gave us new clothes hanging ours up to dry. We were only in baggy T-shirts but they were warmer than our wet clothes. We curled up and slept soundly in this warm house. They came by every weekend to give us a week supplies of food and water plus some new clothes. This was like this for a year and now me and Bianca were one year older. Being seven and nine we were getting old. That's when we learned the real reason they took us in. They came like they do every weekend, but this time they were on drugs and drinking. One of them, Josh, came down and told us to come up. We followed staring at, Tina, Sadie, Jake, Liam and Josh. They told us it was okay that they were just having fun. So we believed them and followed. They raped us both that night. They started doing this every weekend. Raped us. Then it became sometimes on weekdays. Then it became everyday when the numbers of people knowing about us got bigger. We became sex slaves. People would pay them to have sex with us. Men, around 40, 30, 20 even. We were like that for three years. (time flip) "I wanna get out of here." I whispers as we sat locked in that secret room they gave us. Biancas eyes were very serious, but when they turned to me a light flickered in them. She smiled like she always did and never did her smile break. "I know, Nico. We will because I have a plan." She says winking at me. I tilt my head in confusion staring back at her. "While