This is the craziest pairing I've ever written. There will be steam, it will be slightly lemony. And there will be fluff, so much fluff that I might put cotton candy makers out of business. And there will be a lot of other stuff. Not sure if it will be emotional for you, but I tried to make things pretty rough for the characters. So here's the most out there crackship/non-cannon pairing I've ever thought of or written. Cally or Deto? Vote in the reviews. Also, review in the reviews. This story will be broken into three parts, this is the first one. There will be sections within those parts, they will be long- as is this one. Here's part one. -The Glance- Careers bring honor to their district. That's what they're born to do, trained to do, made to do. Cato wasn't afraid of the Hunger Games. He wasn't afraid to take out Thresh, not after he'd killed Clove. It was easy to shove Katniss into the dogs and Peeta jumped after her. The event was bloody, tragic, and had a single winner. The Capitol got over their star-crossed lovers as soon as they saw Cato cleaned up and in a nice suit chatting it up with Caesar Flickerman. His district loved him. His family was proud. Clove's parents mourned her, but thanked him for avenging her death. Girls flung themselves at his feet in ways that they hadn't before. He had more money than he could ever imagine. The world was his. Although Cato had never taken interest in fashion, women, or anything of that sort, his new life allowed it. He would bulk up and train as if getting ready for a new games, but then partied in the Capitol wearing the finest of clothes, drinking the oldest of wines, and screwing the loveliest of girls. One month before the Victory tour, he was warned. It was as though she were an ancient oracle or a seer. While a beautiful girl sat on his lap holding a tiny glass of Capitol-made alcohol as another girl walked across the bar to talk to him. Johanna Mason was a pretty girl. Sexy in a way, but not beautiful. Cato thought maybe she had her eye on him the way he had his eyes on her ass. "Are you having fun?" Johanna had asked. Cato laughed and the girl on his lap kissed his cheek. "What does it look like Mason?" He replied. She crossed her arms pushing her breasts up further in the short green number she had dressed in. "I love your dress by the way." "You think this is your life?" She asked. "Wait till the Victory Tour. You think everything is fine until then. Until you have to look into the eyes of those who thought their daughter, brother, sister, son, student, cousin, best friend would be coming home." Each word she said had perfect diction and she spat them in his face. Cato didn't think that much of it. "Death is a way of life." He said trying to dismiss her. "What about the girl, the pretty blonde one? Glimmer. You didn't save her. Or the girl from four who was with her. Alice. You ran to save your skin. You avenged Clove, but what about them?" Johanna asked. Cato thought about it. "You killed a lot too. The boy from four, the boy from three, Thresh, Katniss, Peeta. Katniss volunteered for her sister. Her tiny sister. You've seen the interviews and the reaping tape. She's so small and frail and she thought that her sister might be coming home. You are going to go to District 12 and look Primrose Everdeen in the eye and think I killed your sister . And you are going to live with that for the rest of your life." And with that, Johanna Mason walked away. "What a buzz kill." The girl on his lap sighed. Cato watched Johanna walk away thinking about what she said. "Cato..." The girl moaned. She grabbed his jaw forcing him to look into her pink eyes. She brushed her bedazzled cheek against his face and held her lips to his ear. "Let's go someplace where we can be alone." "No thanks." Cato said pushing her off his lap. He left the club and took a train back home immediately. ... Cato didn't come out very much at all. His house was big enough for him to stay in it all day. His parents trained children. "Work hard, and you'll be like our son Cato." They said. A killing machine, a monster, a murderer. The words that Cato called himself were sometimes worse. He watched the Games, his Games, night after night. Watching the way he killed with such arrogance made him see how awful he was. The way that the Capitol ate it up was worse. They made him want it, the victory and the glory. It was all he'd ever known. Clove could have been his salvation if she wasn't as cold hearted as him. After clingy slutty Glimmer was out of the picture and they were alone he decided maybe they could win it together. And if he didn't win, he wanted her to. Then Thresh had to kill her. And he killed her because of the way she talked about Rue. The little girl from eleven. Had Cato really wanted to kill her in the beginning? Did he really cut Peeta Mellark like that just so he could die a long and painful death? Cato's head swam in the thoughts of his horrid ways. They ate him alive until the Victory Tour. You worked the districts backwards skipping your own until you finished, then after a party in the Capitol your own District threw you a party. Cato didn't want that. He didn't want to start in District 12. He didn't want to look Primrose Everdeen in the eye and think I killed your sister. He didn't want to go. But he had to. His stylists dressed him in a navy blue suit with a crisp white button down, no tie. He didn't expect what he saw. Starving children, people dying in the streets, coal dust coating the shabby homes. It was such a small district. Probably because of the high death rate. Cato thought to himself. Nothing was like this in District 2. The families of the star-crossed lovers were front and center. He looked to the family of Peeta Mellark. He knew it was his family because he had his mother's eyes, a darker blue than his father and brothers. His brothers looked like younger and older copies of him. A girl who had the near-same look as them was pulled from the crowd by Peeta's father. She looked like she could've been his sister, except her eyes were a brighter blue, not quite the deep cerulean gaze Cato had seen on Peeta's face. "Thank-you for coming out today." Cato spoke. His throat went dry. He could feel the blue eyes of Primrose Everdeen on him. "Your sacrifices to the Games will be missed." A sob broke out in the crowd. It was Katniss' mother. "While I worked with him, Peeta seemed like a good person. He had a lot of morality." Another sob broke out. A softer one. One of Peeta's brothers wrapped their arms around a young girl standing nearby. "Katniss-" "You killed them." A boy shouted out from the audience. Cato tried to continue. "Their deaths-" "You monster. You killed them both and you don't feel guilty." A dark haired boy stepped out of the crowd. Gale Hawthorne, Katniss' cousin. Cato recognized him from the interview tapes. Prim began to cry. "Gale stop." She said sobbing. He stepped back and held Prim close. She cried into his chest. Cato watched her cry. Then she looked up. Her blue eyes hit his own and he felt the guilt in way he'd never felt it before. I killed your sister. I killed your sister. I killed your sister. I killed your sister and I didn't even care. Cato had to clamp a hand over his mouth to stop himself from saying sorry. His district would hate him if he did. The President wouldn't be happy with a victor apologizing to another tribute's family. Victors were supposed to symbolize hope and strength. If Cato apologized it would show weakness. "Their deaths are mourned by the Capitol and they thank you for your children." Cato choked out ready to leave. Gale was so fast he barely saw him run up the stage and didn't realize what was happening until he felt the blood running down his nose and he hit the ground. There was a lot of screaming. Gale was pulled off Cato by a redheaded Peacekeeper. "What the hell are you thinking Gale?" He asked him. The Peacekeeper pulled Gale off the stage and threw him back into the crowd. The blonde girl who hugged one of Peeta's brothers ran to him. "Are you okay?" She asked holding his face. "I'm fine." He said. She buried her face in Gale's chest and Cato was pulled off the stage. He was given an icepack. That was when he heard the whip. Cato ran to the window and saw Gale with his back already bloody. The girl who ran to him was being restrained by another Peacekeeper as she screamed. He ran out of the Justice building and to the Town Square. Prim's mother held her back as Gale's own mother shielded her children's eyes. The blonde girl screamed lunging forward, held back by the redhead. Prim screamed again as tears fell down her face. Gale let out a cry of pain. The girl escaped the arms of the Peacekeeper and was hit by the next lash across her face. "Stop!" Cato shouted. The Peacekeeper did. "He doesn't need to be punished, I release him of all charges." "Mr. Ludwig, this is beyond anything we've ever seen in District 12." Said another one stepping forward. "The punishment could be death-" "I release him of all charges." Cato growled. He glanced at the girl as she desperately tried untying the rope that held Gale to the wooden post. When she did his body gave out and he fell to the ground moaning. She held his face repeating his name over and over trying to gain his attention. "It was a strong right hook, but I've dealt with worse. Surely you know that?" The Peacekeeper knew what he was inferring. "No charges on Gale Hawthorne." He announced. "Thank-you." The blonde sobbed. She and Katniss' mother helped get Gale to a house where he could be taken care of. Cato had to stay in District 12 overnight. If he left right away things might be taken wrong and rumors would spread. Cato visited the house of the apothecary who was tending to Gale. The blonde girl was there. She slept on a chair with her head resting next to Gale's on the table. He moaned every now and then. Sometimes it was Katniss' name. Sometimes it was "Delly". It was then that Cato remembered her face. Adelaide Cartwright. Peeta's closest friend. "Hello." Cato said softly taking the chair next to her. She woke up and backed away. "I'm not going to hurt you." "Okay." She said softly. "I'm Delly Cartwright. Peeta was my best friend." "I know. I saw your interview." Cato said. She didn't expect that. "I'm a monster. I watch my Games now, and I can't believe I did everything that I did." "It's not your fault." Delly sighed. "You were brought up that way, at least you realize your mistakes." "Thanks." He said shocked. Cato nodded toward Gale. "Are you two... coping together?" He hinted. "He understands my pain." Delly shot back. "Nobody was as close to Peeta as I was. Nobody was as close to Katniss as he was. People said they'd get married, sometimes Peeta said the