Hello everybody, this is my first fan fiction that I've actually written. I was so inspired by the book this weekend I couldn't help myself. Anyway, I don't any of these characters, they belong of course to JK Rowling. It was several months following the events of the time turner, and Albus had a new issue on his hands. He couldn't stop thinking about Scorpius. They were just starting their fifth year, and he felt like he was walking on eggshells around his friend since he started trying to date Rose. Albus thought it was great that his best friend wanted to find somebody, but he couldn't describe this feeling of jealousy. It made him uncomfortable and his skin crawl when he tried to consider what it all meant. Sitting in the great hall one evening, his friend sat down closely next to him, and it made him jump. Scorpius looked at him funny. "Albus, are you okay, you've seemed a bit off lately?" he asked. "Yeah, I'm fine, just worried about that potions essay I think.." Albus replied. Then it started happening more and more often, to the point that Albus was actively avoiding him. Soon if felt like Christmas break was upon them in the blink of an eye. His father owled him a few days before the break with the most disparaging news. He would have to stay at Hogwarts over the break because he and his mother were traveling with Ministry concerns to the Americas. Albus realized this would mean he was either A) going to have to stay alone or B) stay with Scorpius. Neither option excited him right now. Scorpius had come up behind him and saw the letter. Excited he reached forward and snatched it out of his friend's hands. "This is great! You know what this means don't you?" Scorpius beamed. "That my parents don't care about Christmas?" Albus sighed dreading what his friend was about to say. "No! That you can finally come to my place for the holidays!" Scorpius replied. Albus almost fell out of his seat, he hadn't even considered that option! It was sudden that the thoughts of sharing a room with Scorpius in his house hit him. This would be much worse than sharing a castle with a massive library and plenty of trouble to get into. Plus, he still couldn't figure out what's got him so upset and jumpy around his friend. Being in close quarters right now, doesn't seem like the smartest idea. He ran through a million reasons in his head why he couldn't go. While none of them really worked he finally settled on the most believable. "I really don't think your dad would appreciate that, maybe you should stay here?" Albus nearly plead. "Of course he'll do it, he really says yes to just about anything I ask for simply because I actually work up the courage to ask for it in the first place! It's brilliant, besides, why would we want to stay here in this dusty old castle? Let's go to my place, I can show you our library, and all the cool stuff we have, that we probably shouldn't have, and you eat all the sweets you're not usually allowed to eat! It's fantastic, plus I have brooms there we can practice flying! It's settled, I'll write him now" Scorpius said excitedly and immediately sat to write a letter to his father. Albus internally groaned, and put his head in his hands. He felt like this wasn't good a idea but he couldn't pinpoint why. All the more frustrating he really couldn't find anyway out of this. At least there's a chance his dad may say no too. So he started scratching out a letter to his father asking as brazenly as possible hoping to trigger a negative reply. 'Dear dad, That's great. I think I'll just go stay with Scorpius over the break then since he invited me! He's writing his dad today, but I think it'll be fine. Better than staying in the castle alone with just James and a few loners to play tricks on me. I take it Rose is staying too? She's always a joy to spend time with, teaching me about everything I don't know. Anyway, have a save trip! Love, Albus' That seemed bold enough to cause trouble and make his dad say now. He folded the letter before Scorpius could take a look at it, and attached it to the waiting owl. A couple of days later Scorpius got his reply first. His father said in the most formal way possible that he would allow him to stay there only if he avoided causing even a tenth of the trouble Harry Potter drags around with him. Albus couldn't help but laugh. There was also a note to Scorpius at the bottom that said he also would not allow them to get into trouble with any of the collection they house at the Malfoy Manor. Albus asked Scorpius what he meant, and Scorpius explained he probably immediately assumed I'd show you all of the banned stuff he keeps. Albus laughed, he really did want to spend the break with his best friend, but when his heart skipped a beat when Scorpius reached for the eggs his spirits fell. It was like he was nervous! Maybe he's nervous that his friend will leave him and stop spending time with him if he and Rose actually started dating. Albus felt his heart drop at the thought. Scorpius once told him though that he felt something similar when Albus was getting close to Delphi. So maybe this wasn't completely abnormal! "Earth to Albus, a letter's arrived" Scorpius said around a mouthful of toast. Most un-Malfoy like Albus noted. Albus opened the letter and recognized his father's handwriting immediately. 'Dear Albus, You can go to Scorpius's house for the break. I discussed it with your mother, and while initially I felt uncomfortable with you going to a place that harbors so many bad memories for us, she reminded me that you are not us. And she scolded me for trying to force you to spend time with your cousin and family if you don't want to. I disagree, but I do think you'd have fun. I used to spend nearly every break with Ron so I know how great it can be. Take care, and please don't touch anything suspicious you may see there. Draco is keeping things I'm sure he is not allowed to have and while he won't admit it, I'm sure of it. I do trust him though these days to ensure the safety of his son, and whoever is a friend of his son's so I'm hoping that he wouldn't allow you to get into any trouble. Enjoy Christmas, we'll forward your gift there. Love, Dad' Albus sighed, this is not what he expected. That both fathers would begrudgingly accept this came as a complete surprise. He looked over at his best friend munching away and how his hair gleamed in the morning sun innocently and realized he wanted to be near him as often as possible, so really he just needed to get over whatever it was he was dealing with. Christmas break came and he was now standing in front of Malfoy Manor with Scorpius who was saying a phrase to the enchanted entrance. The gates opened and there was Mr. Malfoy at the entrance to greet them. He held a reserved expression and hugged his son, and then took Albus by surprise when his pat him on his head once, and then magicked their cases up to the entrance of the house. Albus almost laughed out loud at the awkwardness of the encounter while Scorpius started prattling on all the things he wanted to do over the break. Draco just hummed, and nodded at most requests, and threw in the occasional no when Scorpius requested the most ridiculous things. At one point Scorpius asked if he could Floo Albus to the 1500 year old cathedral that his father had shown him the secret wizard who founded an entire religion. At this Albus did laugh out loud. Albus entered the house and was floored by how large it was. He wasn't surprised by how dark it was however, with black walls, and dark wood floors, and dark curtains, and how very stereotypical of the Malfoys to have not changed a single thing despite the world changing around them. With a flick of his wrist, Draco sent the cases up a spiral staircase and turned to a room off the side. "I have a few things to work on for today, and I'll be in the parkour if you need me, but otherwise Scorpius go get yourselves settled in and show him around" Draco said as he walked away. Scorpius darted up the staircase and Albus followed, he was excited he had to admit to be somewhere new. Albus followed Scorpius into a room off to the right and let out a breath of air when he walked into a room that was much brighter. He saw light forest green silks layered over thicker taffeta curtains. There was a large silver and green embroidered floor rug warming up the floor in front of a fireplace that held a showy black marble mantle with silver running through it. The walls were an olive green with recessed alcoves and trinkets on every ledge. His room also had a large four poster bed in the center of the far wall made from the same marble at the mantle over the fireplace with matching silk comforter as the curtains. There were a few scattered items on the night stands that were impeccably Scorpius, odds and ends that showed off how much of a geek he was, and Albus actually adored this room. He didn't expect to walk into something that was so much his friend. Scorpius was staring at him waiting for some kind of a reaction. . "You have a really cool room, I won't lie." Albus said while smiling. "Good, I worked hard on it, my dad refused to paint the walls a lighter color a couple years ago, and I had to figure out how to do it myself" Scorpius gleamed. He sat down on the only place to sit which was the bed and started unpacking his things an that's when Albus realized something. There was only one bed in the room, so he must be staying in another room. "Scorpius, where should I unpack my stuff?" Albus asked. "Here of course, unless you're intending to go somewhere else for Christmas break" snarked Scorpius full of mirth. "I meant which room am I staying in smartass?" Albus sighed. Scorpius paused, looked thoughtful for a moment. "Well in here would make the most sense, I mean we share a room in the dorms. The rest of the rooms haven't been used in a long time and I can't guarantee they all lack hexes." Scorpius said completely serious. Albus started, he thought about sharing the bed with Scorpius and for some reason he blushed. They were fifteen now, it didn't really seem like something two fifteen year old boys should be doing. He wondered if his father and uncle Ron shared a bed, but then he remembered something Harry said about the Weasley's having loads of children back then and how they probably all had sleeping quarters. Scorpius is an only child, hence only one room. Sure that Scorpius had not had loads of visitors, he wondered if Mr. Malfoy had considered the logistics of him staying over for the break. Scorpius caught his concerned thoughtful expression, and shifted to stand up. "What's wrong? Did you want your own room? I know you shared with James for a while, but I didn't ask my father to prepare another room for us…" Scorpius apologized. Immediately regretting how it looked to his friend, he rushed