Author's note: Warning: Contains minor spoiler for chapter XVI. Rated M for language. Thank you to papofglencoe for your quick betaing, and for your friendship. Rye's POV My family is fucked up. There's no sugarcoating it—something is seriously wrong with it. From the overly strict mom and cowardly dad to the three sons whose only thing they have in common is their looks. Here's the rundown: I hate my mother, I despise my father, I tolerate my older brother, and I love my younger brother. Mom never seemed to like either of us, and in almost thirty years I still cannot understand why. Aaron tried to play the big brother, but he just ended up imitating Mom, driving me nuts. Being on the receiving end of the majority of Mom's constant remarks, Peeta and I kind of grew together. How fucked up is that? We bonded over how much our mother hates our guts. I dread days like today. They never end good, and I always spend the night depressed as hell. When we pull up Mom and Dad's driveway, there's already a car there. It must be Katniss', cause there's no way Mom or Dad would ever buy a Focus. I like Katniss. She speaks her mind and seems like a great match for my little brother. Not like Cashmere. I didn't like her when they were dating, and I definitely don't like her now. Setting aside her numerous betrayals, she's boring as fuck and acted like she was better than everyone else. No wonder Mother liked her. One of the reasons Peeta cared for her so much must've been because Mom liked her. Their relationship was the only thing he'd ever done that she approved of. There's probably some psychological term for it, something about validation or some shit like that. "Listen," Aaron begins. "Don't tell Peeta about…" He hesitates. "I… Well, we want to tell him. And not today, of all days." I smack the back of his head. "I wasn't born yesterday, Aaron." He's a bit of a know-it-all and has a bad habit of assuming that we can't think for ourselves sometimes. I don't think Peeta minds, but it can annoy the fuck out of me. "You sure about that?" he smirks. "Hey, I'm not the one you're supposed to pick on. Save it for the little one." He snorts. "Besides, I don't understand why she can't come. It's not like she's showing or anything." "Don't you think Peeta would figure it out if Johanna came and didn't drink or smoke?" He makes a valid point; Peeta knows Johanna better than anyone. "You're not half as dumb as you look." He swats my arm before opening the door and getting out. Peeta and Katniss must have just gotten here, because they're all standing by the door as we enter. "You are aware that this is a pretty big house, right? Everyone doesn't have to stand right inside the door," I say. "Johanna isn't coming?" Peeta asks, looking at Aaron. "No, she had to work," Aaron says. God, he's a terrible liar, but no one calls him out on it. Mom isn't crying any rivers about it, though. We didn't bring any presents. We haven't for years. Peeta made it abundantly clear that this wasn't a day he wanted to celebrate anymore—he doesn't even frost the cake. Seeing as both me and Aaron were devastated after hearing about what went down in D.C., neither of us can even begin to imagine what he went through. So if he doesn't want to celebrate this day, we won't. Despite not wanting to celebrate, Peeta still always wears a tie. I guess some habits die hard. This one I bought for him a couple of years ago as a joke, never thinking he'd actually wear it. But as the little brother, he always takes the bite. Exactly like the apron, he takes it in stride, almost like a challenge. The tie has a picture of a slightly altered version of Mona Lisa; she's mid-orgasm, and a text reads Moaning Lisa . You have to look close to see it, so the joke is lost on Mom and Dad, although I would pay lots of money to see Mom's face if she realized what it was. Before stepping inside, I make sure to give Sanders a pat on the head. I really like this dog. He might be my favorite thing about Katniss. On our way to the dining room I catch up with Peeta, resting my hand on his shoulder. "Hey, man. How are you doing?" I always ask this, and the answer is always the same. "I'm good." "You sure?" I know he doesn't want to talk about it, but at some point he's going to have to. He should at least tell Mom. Not that I'd expect any sympathy from her, but maybe it'd get her off his case. At least once a year. I wonder if he's told Katniss. "Yeah, I'm fine." "Because if…" "Rye, I appreciate your concern, but I really don't want to talk about it. I just want to enjoy my birthday." Right. As if he ever enjoys his birthdays anymore. "Okay. But if you want to talk, you know I'll always have my little brother's back." "Who are you calling little?" He feigns hurt. "You want me to bring out the tape-measure again?" Fuck, I curse the genes that made him an inch taller than me, and I very much regret challenging him on that. This whole family knows that Peeta is the best thing to have come out of it; I don't even have height on my side. "It doesn't matter. What matters is what's on the inside." It's a load of crap, but it's all I've got at this point. Of course this is the exact moment Aaron decides to catch up with us. "You know, I've never heard a good-looking person say that. What does that make you?" He seems awfully pleased with himself. "Fuck off, Aaron," I say, flipping him off. I was winning this one, and now Peeta's enjoying my defeat, smiling smugly at me, because the moment you say the f-word or some variation of it everyone knows you've lost. I guess our bickering naturally comes to an end either way, because Katniss comes back from her visit to the ladies room. It's so fucking obvious how much Peeta adores her. I can't pinpoint it, but he seems so much more relaxed when she's around. "Hey." He plants a kiss on her nose, and she leans into his arms. "Are you hungry?" "Starving." I don't miss how her eyes rake all over him, like there's no one else in the room. I'd be irked the hell out of this if I didn't love my brother so fucking much. They're holding hands. During dinner. They do it under the table so it's not blatantly clear, but it's obvious based on how close their arms are. "So. Is there a reason that Sanders is following Peeta's every move?" Aaron asks. Katniss tries to contain a smile. "Yeah. Apparently Peeta 'drops' a lot of food while he cooks." Of course he does. He cannot resist giving into that dog. Granted, neither can I, because I've been slipping him food too, but that is between me and Sanders. "I figured it was something like that." "Hey. Give me some credit," Peeta tries to defend himself, but he knows he's busted. I'd take his place in a contest to the death, but he's on his own on this one. And the score is even again. I didn't even have to do anything. "If you ever have kids, Peeta, you're gonna spoil them rotten," Mom pipes up. She's been quiet the entire dinner and choose this moment to break her silence. Of course it's a jab at Peeta. She takes turns. On every one of our birthdays she not-so-subtly lets us know what she thinks about our life choices. Aaron gets shit for being with Johanna, I get shit for not getting a college degree, and Peeta gets shit for choosing to make painting his career and for announcing he doesn't want to run the bakery when Dad retires. She doesn't know about D.C., but either way, it's a dig at him. "Probably." The grip on his fork is tight; he's doing everything he can not to lose his shit, and Mom would notice if she actually gave a damn. "I think we're ready for some cake." Smooth, Dad. For once, it'd be appreciated if he took a stand against her. He lets her demean her own sons, and if he said anything maybe she'd finally listen and stop. I don't know if it's because he doesn't care or because he doesn't see it. To be honest, I don't know what would be worse. "I'll get it." "Let me help you." Katniss takes his hand, trying to find his eyes. She knows. Of course Mom is none the wiser, taking another sip of her wine. Katniss and Peeta are gone way longer than it takes to get the cake. "So, you think they're screwing or what?" "Rye," Mom scolds. I'm very aware what Mom thinks about my 'foul' mouth. That's part of the reason I do it. To see her reaction when she hears one of her sons talking about fucking. It's hilarious. "Mom." I stare back at her. "It is his birthday, after all." Besides, making jokes to ease the tension is what I do. I know I've succeeded when I see Mom considering if they actually are screwing. Of course they're not, but the look on her face is priceless. "Not at the table, Rye." So Dad sides with Mom—big surprise there. I know I'm considered the jokester in the family, but it's pretty fucking annoying the be treated like a child all the time. And Aaron, the ass, just sits there, pretending not to hear. I don't have time to say anything else before Katniss and Peeta appear in the doorway, and Peeta sets the cake on the table. "Looks good, Dad." "Thank you. Still not as good as yours, though." He does this every year, sucking up to Peeta to get him to start decorating the cakes again. It hasn't worked yet. "I know," Peeta smirks. What is this? Did my brother crack a joke on his birthday? Well, fuck me sideways. I never thought I'd live to see the day. Of course Mom can't ever cut him some slack. "Peeta, don't brag." I'm so fucking over this. "It's a joke, Mom. You know—humor? You should try it sometime." She doesn't answer. Good. Peeta looks pleased, though. I wasn't lying—I'll always have his back. During desert the conversation runs fairly smoothly. Dad casually asks Katniss about her education, and Peeta gushes over her like the perfect boyfriend. For a while, this feels normal. "Peeta, do you know what Cashmere does nowadays?" Christ. Let. It. Go. It's been seven years and Mom still thinks Peeta and Cashmere are going to get back together. "No." "Why not?" "It's been a while since we broke up, Mom." He doesn't even look up from his plate. I'd say something to ease the tension, but this is not the time. It could easily backfire, so I stay silent. My jokes might be immature at times, but at least I have timing. Katniss looks at him carefully, seeming to contemplate whether or not to say anything. "I don't understand why you let her go." Let her go? She was the one who broke up with him. At least get your facts straight. "Connie," Dad says. Another half-ass attempt to smooth things over. Mom doesn't take the hint, as usual. "Fine. I just don't understand." "Do you really want to know?" Peeta finally snaps. "Do you really want to know why?" "Yes. Yes, I do." "Okay, here's the truth." He stands up. "She's a lying,