Disclaimer: The Hunger Games and its world belong to Suzanne Collins. This story is not for profit and is merely speculative – and highly so. This came out of my idle wondering whether or not Panem had videogames. I don't know what THG has in the ways of supplemental games for its story in our world – so consider this just "what I think they'd have in Panem." This tale is mostly about "those who play," anyway. We get only the barest glimpses of the Capitol in the books and films and, of the few fics I've read in the fandom, I've not yet read any that had a focus on Capitol-attitudes. This is a take on that. ("Katniss" and "Rue" are chosen on the character filters for exposure-reasons, but they aren't entirely themselves here). For fellow gamers, see if you can pick out the subtle references / Easter eggs in this. WAR IN LIGHT AND PIXELS A Hunger Games fan fiction by Shadsie "I heard that if you save at the Cornucopia after doing three laps around the field and there are only the District 12 characters left, you can get the Berries Ending." "No way!" "It's what Julian told me, but he's probably lyin'. Just 'cause he gets all the new games ahead of us doesn't mean he's even finished it yet." The children's voices echoed through the front room of the family apartment. It was a high-end place, even by Capitol standards. Midas was twelve years old and his little sister, Minerva, was ten. Unlike a few of his classmates, Midas was glad that he wouldn't be taking part in a Reaping like the District kids. He didn't think it was particularly honorable. Even the strong kids from the favored Districts looked scared on television during the telecasting of the real Hunger Games. Their eyes showed their fear and that made them pathetic. He was happy just to play the simulations that came out every year. His best friend in class, Julian, wanted to play the Games for real and storm in with a sword. Midas thought he was stupid. That stuff wasn't for the children of the Capitol. Real power was what his dad did working for the government and the best kind of fame was the kind his mother had earned. "Middie" and "Minnie" peered into the entertainment room. Their mother was lounging on the couch, her bright-white hair done up in a modest hive. On a screen that took up almost all the entire wall in front of her was a burly, shirtless warrior wielding a burnished bronze axe against a great crystal dragon. The kids' mother enjoyed videogames, too. Her fluffy white tail curled around her ankles as the family's fluffy white cat relaxed on the floor beside her, rolling over on his wings. Midas and Minerva's mother worked in cosmetic surgery and body modifications – both for people and for pets. Her work was famed although her children remained un-altered. Minnie wanted a fluffy tail like Mommy's, but was told that she'd have to wait until she was fifteen. Both Mother and the family cat served as living advertisements – tails were not as popular in their area of the Capitol as the surgical company wanted them to be. She'd done herself up just to show how painless spine-extension implants could be and how smoothly the robotic components took to nerve and muscle. As for Daedalus, he was no muttation, but as pure-bed as cats could come, with a pudgy body, a snub-nose and luxurious white fur. His bloodlines were ancient, tracing back from even before the great war. His wings were useless, implants for decoration. He was constantly injuring himself pulling out his own feathers. The warrior on the screen fell in a spray of dark blood as the crystal dragon bit his torso in half. The familiar sound of the game over music for The Myth of Maven sounded as the woman on the couch started to curse and corrected herself with "son of a…jay-bird!" as soon as she saw her children in the entranceway. "You're home early." "Daddy bought us a new gaaaame," Minerva practically sang. "Do you wanna play it with us?" "Oh, go ahead," her mother answered, getting up. "I have so much to do! I really ought to get started on freshening up for your father's dinner party at the Hall. Are you sure you two will really be alright alone? I'm leaving Augustine for you, but I can call in one of the neighbors…" "Why can't we come to the party?" Minerva whined. "It's for adults, Minnie," her brother jumped in. "It's for Dad's political friends. We'd be bored." "But there's gonna be great food there!" "There will be great food here," her mother assured, "And you won't get so full you'll have to throw up. Remember how you didn't like trying the sick-drink at your Aunt Cygna's wedding?" Minerva nodded. "If you've got a new game with your brother, you should be fine. What did Daddy get you, darlings?" "The 74th Hunger Games Game!" Midas answered. "That means that once we start it, you and dad can't jump in until we finish out a first run and reset. That's how they work." "It's alright. You kids just go on and have fun, and listen to Augustine when he tells you to go to bed." "But he's an Avox!" Minerva protested. "He can't talk!" "You know what I mean, young lady. You know what signal he makes when you're to go to bed." The children's' mother left them to the entertainment-room. While most of the televisions in the home were the holographic variety, the one they played games on was a flat screen embedded into the wall, though it was hardly embedded, being nearly paper-thin. A few months ago, the entire family was gathered in this very room taking in the 74th Hunger Games. The Victory Tour hadn't even started and the new videogame, fresh from one of the tech-factories in District 3, was already out. This year was only the second that Minnie had watched the Games. She wasn't allowed to before because she was too young and too easily frightened by violence. She'd handled it surprisingly well these first two years she wasn't sent to bed during the prime time footage-airings. She'd cheered for the District 2 boy, Cato, this year; because she'd thought he was the strongest. There wasn't much competition for video games in Panem. There was only one kind of home console and one company that made home-games, all sponsored and regulated by the Capitol. Another company made holographic simulation games – but those were used by the military for training, in the Hunger Games training halls and in arcades that people visited to socialize as much as they did to play the simulators. Home console games were projected on a screen with the games firmly within their own little worlds. Midas popped open the console and inserted the disc for their new adventure. Placing it in, he ran his fingers over the words "Leave Luck to the Capitol" emblazoned in the plastic of the lid. He grabbed a wireless controller and handed one to his sister. He took a place cross-legged on the floor, while she took a seat on the couch. "Mrrrow…" "Hey, there Daedalus," Midas said, scratching the cat behind the ears and between his wings. The cat twitched them a little, which is all he could do with things he was given only for fashion. The game booted up. Caesar Flickerman's voice came through the sound system. From what the kids had heard, the man had never re-recorded anything for the games-of-the-Games and barely knew they existed. His voice was just re-used from existing sound-clips and altered as necessary. "We've gotta pick our Tributes," Minerva said, leaning over from her place on the couch. "Do we want to do this just with us and the AIs or do you want to hook up on the network and get other players?" "I think it should be just us at first," Midas said, his eyes steely, his mental "gamer-mode" firmly on. "I want to see what the AI system on this is like. Besides, sometimes the AIs are more challenging than real players. If they set up this thing anything like what they had for last year, then definitely." Minnie let her brother have first pick. He scrolled through the Tributes' avatars and profiles while the menu-music played. Their skills and weaknesses were listed, as well as base-strength and base-health. Weak characters – such as the boy from 10 who had low base-health, based upon an issue the real Tribute had suffered with a crippled leg – provided an extra challenge for players who were good at gaming and wanted to challenge themselves. "I don't want to deal with network players because almost all of them pick the brutes," Midas complained. "They're uncreative." "They also give you game overs really quick." "That, too. Besides, we need to give you a shot." Minerva stuck out her tongue. "This is strange," Midas said as he stopped on the slowly spinning avatar and stats of the female from District 12. Below "KATNISS EVERDEEN" in all caps and the reading of her age and "Skill with Bow" were statistics that the boy found highly remarkable. The young gamer scratched his sandy hair. "Victors usually get better stats than this." "Didn't you say that all of the games ramp up the Victors, 'cause it's 'canon' that they won, which makes them like bosses?" "Yeah, they do. Why does she have such a low base-health? And her hunger, thirst and stamina meters are set for a quick-drain. She's not as bad as the boy from 10 and the girl from 11, but, still. Peeta's got better stats than her. Some of the kids who bit the big one on the first day have better character-stats." Midas clicked the button for "Choice." A digitized version of one Katniss Everdeen responded by firing a silver arrow from a silver bow at the screen. She quickly vanished, leaving the choice-dial, absent her, open for the second player. "Why did you pick her?" Minerva asked. "You said she has bad stats and you don't pick girls! You're a boy!" "I want to see what's up with her," Middie answered. "Something weird is up. I wonder if they made the Victors extra challenging this time because there's some kind of bonus. Like they gave us a Hero Mode or something." "Hmm. Whatever. Maybe the game-makers just don't like her. She won in a bad way with those berries." Minerva scrolled through before settling on the girl from District 11. "Rue?" her brother asked, incredulous, "I thought you liked Cato." "Cato died," Minnie answered in a blunt manner that only a ten-year old could muster. "So did Rue, and she died first!" "Yeah, well," Minerva explained, "She's cute and a girl and little like me, and she and Katniss were allies so maybe we could cooperate." "Cooperative play?" Midas said, raising an eyebrow. "Us against the AIs instead of after each other?" "You always keep killing me in games when we compete!" Minnie whined. "Now you have to play nice to me because if you make Katniss kill Rue, you're gonna feel reeeeally guilty!" Rue's animation was rather strange. She smiled at the camera and spun a small knife in her hand before the opening stages of the game. Short tutorials flashed upon the screen detailing the fact that item satchels at the Cornucopia were random and that Sponsor-drops were random. The save points, located at certain trees and stones, were marked by etchings in faint light that resembled the console's saving-cards. Subtle light and what looked like dust motes danced around them. Even experienced video-gamers rarely could finish out a Hunger Games based game in a single sitting. Middie and Minnie had a bedtime that was strictly enforced. Augustine