Disclaimer and Notes: The Hunger Games and related concepts and locations belong to Suzanne Collins. In fact, this is the first time I'm trying something related to the property that's not a crossover darkening up an otherwise silly videogame. That said; I'm always a bit paranoid when I try stuff for English-language origin fandoms thinking "it is more likely than with my otaku-fandoms that I might actually get to meet the canon author." I wrote a fanfic for "The Last Unicorn" once, and even though Peter S. Beagle is unaware of said dumb fic, I've met the man in person and could not stifle the shudder of shame for what I'd done that went through my spirit. This is tribute, nonetheless… probably a limping, sickly, already-doomed tribute… What I've wikied on supplemental materials about the district this is centered on did not indicate that any particular type of livestock was excluded, despite the main industry of cattle. This is an original character fic – not wish-fulfillment, just an attempt to portray a "normal" person's life in a hard world. The style is intentionally choppy and swift. Set in an unspecified Games. LAURELS The girl stared at the blood coating the knife. The sunlight caught the steel and caught the blood and lighted stickier and less romantic bodily products that lined the tip darkly. That was what happened a blade entered someone's gut, she supposed, though it had taken more than that to fell her opponent. The boy from 3 wasn't even all the way dead yet. She could see his lips parted, gently taking in breath, his eyes closed in a wince, not awake, not asleep, not yet dead, but not fully-alive, either. Rhia Lancaster had no idea how many stab wounds it could take to kill a person and was horribly surprised. Her own middle was on fire, though she was quickly going numb. It was actually the little shallow cuts that bothered her more – the thin slices in tender skin at the surface where all the nerve endings gathered. Her main mentor, Ms. Austin, warned her that the wounds you didn't feel were the most likely to get you and that the things that felt the most good and right could spell the end of the game. The sixteen-year-old Tribute had fought back the frigid winds of the Canyon when the Gamemakers had decided to drop a storm of snow and ice on the entire thing after making it blazing the entire week prior. Yesterday, Rhia had fought back the urge to sleep and the urge to strip off what little she had and lay in the snow when the hypothermia started messing with her brain. "Fight what's comfortable," Ms. Austin had said. The older male Victor, Tauren, had backed her up. The idea of getting out of this place without committing murder had been a comfortable thought, too. When Rhia had entered the Arena, she'd had a loose plan. She'd wanted to be one of the few who had made it by taking cover and hiding out. She'd concentrated on survival skills in training and almost completely ignored combat. The problem was, even with the best of camouflage, there wasn't a lot of cover in the Arena this year's Games-Team had created – little cover from one's fellow sacrifices and even less from the cameras. Before Rhia had been shunted into the Canyon, she'd had the thought of not just avoiding bloodshed, but of making a stand – shouting to the heavens and the cameras the utter wrongness of the spectacle. It was the world she'd grown up in… one in which you watched your neighbors fight and die on screen year after year, one in which you guard your friendships and stop forming too many attachments to your classmates once you hit age twelve… but everyone in her little town, at least, knew that it was still wrong. The mental image she'd gotten when she'd met her attendant Avoxes - of them all wearing the faces of her older sister, little brother and best friend - had made her into a coward very quickly. There was no shouting at the heavens. This was also the way that she knew suicide was not an option. When the girl from 6 had found her three days ago, the "coward's way" of playing the Games quickly stopped being an option. Young Lancaster had told herself that it was better to die than to kill, but seeing that damned sword come at her head enlivened an animal instinct inside of her. She'd grabbed a large rock and used the other girl's very sloppy sword-work and her skid on a patch of new-fallen ice to her advantage. One clumsy-but-forceful blow to the head was all it took. Pretty much the same had happened just now. Rhia had scavenged the knife off a Tribute she hadn't killed, something of a lucky find before the corpse-catcher came and the canon roared. She'd gotten a bit of food off of that one, too. She felt like a coyote… all notions of nobility and honor replaced with "I don't wanna die, I don't wanna die, I don't wanna die!" beating in time with her heart. District 3 had gotten her pretty good with his own knife – the same kind of model. Neither of them had been particularly "good" at knife-fighting. Tauren had told her that if she got a knife that the best moves to make on an opponent were to try for slicing moves to the neck or to the inner thigh, deep, fast and hard anywhere there were key arteries – like doing a mercy kill for a sick calf or sticking a pig. The problem was that Rhia Lancaster of District 10 didn't work on one of the cattle ranches or in one of the slaughter-towns that were the fame and pride of her District. Her area's specialty was in raising horses for the rich people at the Capitol to ride and to pull chariots in ceremonies. Riding in the Tribute parade had actually meant being reunited with a pair of old friends for her. She took a tiny comfort to see that they'd been treated well – regarded better than her or her partner. The District 3 boy had even less experience in killing things with knives than she did. He'd come on aggressive and she'd reacted in blind panic. The result was the two of them stabbing at each other haphazardly, like beasts fighting with steel teeth. He'd gotten her and she'd gotten him and now he was finally down and unconscious and she felt like laying herself down in the snowy dirt and waiting for the canons to sound. How many of them were left now? The last she'd seen, Levi was still out there. He was her partner – a strong boy with kind eyes whose father was an important cattle-breeder and a keeper of genetic secrets. One canon. A lurch in her stomach. Two canons. Three? Wait a minute… she wasn't dead yet. Her kill lying beside her… Levi… was there someone left? Had they jumped to declare it? Rhia knew she was dying, but they were supposed to wait until the trackers registered a stilled pulse. She'd heard stories from people who were sick and were close to dying that they'd felt like they had died and could still register the stuff of life when everyone had thought their bodies had failed… That and those spooky ghost stories told around bonfires about the dead seeing their own bodies. Rhia knew that this was neither. Ghosts didn't have aching burning, lurching gut-wounds. Seeing the corpse-catcher descend for her made her reconsider the whole "I am still alive" thing. She closed her eyes before it had come down. When she opened them again, she was surrounded by a room so white she could smell the lack of color. The first thing she noticed was the feel of tape on her left forearm. There was needle and tube there, running up into a bag of clear fluid. The girl noticed the feel of warm drool on her pillow when she turned her cheek. She jerked slightly and her stomach hurt. "Oh, don't move, dear," said a presence beside her. White nurse's uniform. The authorities and organizers of the Capitol sure seemed to like white. It was the color of purity, not dust and dun, like the prevailing workmen's clothes back in her District. "I'm alive?" Rhia asked. "Congratulations, Victor," the attendant nurse replied. "Victor…" Rhia whispered, staring at the ceiling. More white. "We almost did not have one," the nurse said in her smooth, calm voice. It was passionless, almost monotone, but she had the shape of a human and not of a machine. "You have been mended, but you are still healing. We have cleansed your scars and most of your flaws-" "Mirror!" Rhia demanded. "I want a mirror, now!" "Whatever for..?" "Give me a mirror, dammit!" The nurse thrust a hand-mirror over her bed to stop her thrashing. Rhia reached up with a hand that felt like lead to hold it. She held it over her face, inspecting it carefully. Relief swept over her like a wave. They hadn't changed her face. She knew of how the Capitol loved their Victors to be proper and pretty. Mr. Tauren had taken severe wounds to his face during his Games, but no one would know it for how the beautifying technology of the Capitol had fixed him. His right eye was artificial, robotic – a kind of camera that hooked directly into his brain. It looked just like his natural eye. And you'd never know that his skin had been ever been burned. Rhia was still "horse-faced." That's what all the kids at school had called her. She still had her freckles. She was ugly and imperfect, just the way she'd always hated herself for when she was growing up and just the way she wanted to be now. "We can give you the best cosmetic surgery," the nurse intoned. "We did not do it for you while you slept because we wanted to give you a chance to look at the catalogue. You would not believe how many noses are options for your general facial structure…" Rhia gave her a vicious glare as she set down the mirror on her sore middle. "No," she said simply and fiercely. "Pardon?" "No. My face stays as it is. If I am a Victor, I am allowed that request, am I not?" "Y…Yes… but I don't see why you wouldn't take advantage of the opportunities you have now." "No." Rhia Lancaster did not know why it was this part of herself – a homely appearance that she'd up until now despised – that was the part of herself that she'd chosen to keep… the thing that They would not touch. She'd wanted so badly for the "thing they could not change" to be her soul, her peaceful nature. That had been taken from her by sheer, semi-conscious survival instinct. They were going to take her homely face over her dead body. "How was it that I won?" she asked. The nurse looked surprised for a moment. "You prevailed over Lynk Gaites, the seventeen-year old from District 3." "I know that," Rhia said. "Water, please…" The nurse handed her a cup so she could sate her dry lips. "Thank you… I…I know I k...k…killed the boy. I thought I was a goner. What about the others? My district-partner?" "Levi Blum and Mink of District 1 finished each other at the time of your victory." Mink… yeah, that was the District 1 boy's name. Was the nurse forgetting his surname or did they just not have last names over there? She didn't remember ever hearing a surname… And what names they gave their children in District 1! Mink… She supposed it rhymed with Lynk, but the two had never allied to