Hey there guys. So, obviously, this is a new story. I got the inspiration for it last night and quickly wrote the first two chapters. This chapter acts as a prologue; the arrival of the Next Generation (the Seven, Nico, and Thalia), and their introductions. Be aware, there will most likely be mistakes in their titles, such as missed slain Titans, slain Giants, that sort of stuff. Be aware, this chapter jumps in between Hestia's POV and Percy's POV a couple times. Also, many will see Percy as slightly OOC- however, let it be known that this is how I feel that Percy really is. He, or 'she' in this story, is a very pessimistic and sarcastic individual. His natural look is one of a dark brooding one he inherits from Poseidon. He was bullied, raised with abandonment issues, as well as with a (presumably abusive) step-father, and all in all has a very low self-esteem. All of these facts hold true for Persephone in my story (except she definitely was abused by Gabe). This is also post Blood of Olympus, meaning post Tartarus, and it's not long after the end of the Second Gigantomachy, so the memories and presence of Tartarus are still very recent for her, Annabeth, and Nico. This story is also not Percabeth. While I do adore the pairing, I simply decided to not go with it. Instead, I'm making it a pairing that I've recently fallen in love with- Perlico. It was a pairing I first saw in GaleSynch's wonderful AU of Titan's Curse (and hopefully later) "Just Be Friends". I simply adored the idea of the three Greek children of the Big Three being in a relationship with each other, especially seeing how they acted with each other in the Sword of Hades. You can also see it as a piece of symbolism, as the Fates, Mother Chaos, the Next Generation, and Hestia all desire for the Olympians to get over their feuds and differences and be a true family, if you want to take it that way. However, aside from Annabeth being single (unless I decide to pair her with Will, since Nico is with his cousins) and the threesome, the canon pairings are still present. Jason and Piper are still together, Hazel and Frank still together, and Leo brought Calypso out of Ogygia. Percy also has some Roman ancestry in her, based off of (his) innate ability to speak Latin. I'm aware the Chiron taught Percy's Latin class, but the fact that he's able to speak Latin to the extent that he can in The Lightning Thief and the Son of Neptune doesn't feel right for a single year of Latin, no matter how hard you studied it. Her great-grandfather is actually a Roman deity, though who it is will be stated in the chapter during her introductions. There are a couple more things that I've done with Percy's character that is not canon that could be seen as making her OP, if this were that sort of story. However, let's face it, Percy is the strongest demigod, having surpassed even that of Heracles in valour. And as such, my Persephone is not anymore Mary Sue than Percy is Gary Stu. Now, with that all done with, let's get to the obligatory summary and disclaimer! Summary: The world isn't in shambles, Kronos' rise and the Second Titanomachy failed due to Percy, Annabeth, and Luke. Gaea didn't rise and the Second Gigantomachy failed due to the Seven, Nico, and Reyna. Gaea returned to sleep thanks to Leo, Calypso was saved, the Roman and Greek Camps were united, and everyone was happy. Why would the past need to change? Simply, to stop any of those defeats from having to happen. Chaos, the Mother of Creation, has been whispering into the ears of her Fates. She established the Ancient Laws before she entered slumber after the First Titanomachy, and now, the laws need to change. "The Second Titanomachy was caused because of the Ancient Laws, keeping the Gods away from their children, causing hate and loathing." Gaea's rise was caused due to the separation of the Greeks and the Romans. "Family must be family, and as things are now, the Olympians will never be such. Kronos will influence another and rise again, along with his Titan brethren. The peace between the Romans and Greeks will end once this generation has ended. Gaea and her children will rise a third time, and the Olympians will eventually fall." Only the current rulers of the Earth can change the Ancient Laws. However, why would they? The Olympians are immortals, and immortality has a tendency to desensitise beings from their own existence. To make immortals arrogant. The Mother of Creation's Solution? Take the epitome of her ideals, the Next Generation, and send them back to a point in time when the Olympians were the most malleable yet aware of the dangers that were quickly approaching them. The Next Generation, made up of the Heroes of Olympus and the Legendary Seven that stopped the rise of Kronos and Gaea, the symbols of family and togetherness. Three Romans, five Greeks, and one of both civilisations, a relationship between the Sky, the Earth, and the Sea, the greatest Heroes of their time, are sent back in time with books- books that contain all the information the Olympians should need to change their ways and the Ancient Laws. The Moirai pull in all the information of all nine different life strings, and embed them into books, contact their local Goddess of Time and Fate, and request the Next Generation to be sent to December 21st, 2000. The Goddess accepts, with one statement from the Fates. "The concepts taken from the books could either raise Olympus into a true Golden Age, or raze it and herald a new "Golden Age", worse than even that of Kronos and his Titans' rule." Disclaimer: Percy Jackson and the Olympians and the Heroes of Olympus do not belong to me. The series' are property of Rick Riordan and Disney Hyperion. This work is not meant for profit, simply meant for the enjoyment of myself and others. If you enjoy this work, please support the official release. — December 21 st , 2000: Hall of the Gods, Mount Olympus — I sighed softly, gazing at my family from my location within the hearth. This year's Winter Solstice meeting sadly turned out the same way every Solstice meeting ended up. My younger siblings, particularly my three brothers, and my youngest brother's children arguing about the same things that had been argued about for centuries now. Zeus and Poseidon about their place in Mother's heart, whether or not the ocean or the sky were better than the other, etc. I heard a bit here and there on how of course Zeus broke the oath. However, that seemed a little hypocritical to me, as I knew Poseidon had sired a daughter seven years ago. To Zeus' left, my younger sister Hera continued to scold her husband on his many affairs—his most recent one of Beryl Grace, which spawned his half-blooded daughter Thalia Grace. To Hera's left, Demeter continued her eternity long rant against Hades for 'stealing her precious 'Kore' away from her, said God of the Underworld wisely choosing to ignore the goddess' rant. Wisely enough, Athena chose to stay quiet, though that might have been due to the fact that her usual suspect (my unfortunate second youngest brother, whom was unfortunate enough to get on goddess' bad side centuries ago, and that lady does not forgive) was in his spiel with her father. To Athena's left, Artemis continued shouting at her brother from across the room, occasionally reaching for her silver bow, while Apollo continued his tradition of doing anything to get on his sister's nerves (probably one of the few 'stable' familial traditions those two had after that whole Orion thing however long ago). Wisely, and rather oddly, Ares, Hephaestus, Aphrodite, Hermes, Dionysus, and even Hades stayed silent amongst the arguing. Though Hades would occasionally send a defensive glare against our youngest brother's angry and accusatory glare—probably for that Thalia girl's recent… 'death' and 'revival' into a luscious pine tree. I sighed and shook my head at my dysfunctional family. After centuries, I'd hoped that they'd have changed at least a slight bit—but apparently, immortality doesn't exactly allow for that. Before I could open my mouth to cease the arguments, a blinding light filled the room. The light was accompanied by nine voices—five feminine voices, and four masculine voices, which were then followed by a loud thud as the first voice hit the ground, and the other eight followed. The light faded almost as quickly as it appeared, and I looked at the centre of the Hall. Nine individuals lied in a pile around each other. The first individuals I noticed were two girls that looked like feminine clones of my two youngest brothers, and a young male that looked as my oldest younger brother did as a young teen. My eyes narrowed a smidge, more children of the Big Three? The next was a blonde teen that made myself briefly flicker to Vesta, looking much like a younger clone of Jupiter, my youngest brother's Roman form. Did that boy have another affair behind Juno's back? My form stayed for a moment as I glanced at a young demigoddess I remembered Pluto having eighty or so years ago. I flickered back to myself and continued looking at the individuals as Zeus lost his temper—an unfortunately common occurrence with that boy. — Persephone Jackson's First Person POV — My eyes drifted open slowly, deciding to briefly ignore the simultaneous pain of landing on the solid ground front first (seriously, why is it always front first? Can't it be the side first for once?) and the pain of having something else land on your back with a lot of force. What in the name of Hades did the Fates have against me? The first thing I noticed were the thirteen assembled giants—okay, not Giants as in the monster race, but giants as in… you get what I mean. Then I noticed the familiar layout of the Hall of the God's before Annie's reconstruction after Grandfather's assault on Olympus nearly a year ago. Oh shit was the first thing I thought. We time travelled, didn't we. I felt the thing on top of me squirm a little, and felt the definite presence of a pair of breasts pushing against my back. I was half tempted to launch the person off of me, but decided against it once she jumped off of me. Thalia, I thought. She left a very familiar tingling sensation coursing through my body. I slowly stood up and glanced around the Hall. Annie—Erm, Annabeth landed not too far from me on my left, as well as Leo, Nico, and Piper. Thalia had also jumped off in that direction. A glance to my right proved that Jason, Hazel, and Frank had landed not too far from me on that side. Well, that was coincidental wasn't it? My eyes snapped closed when my Uncle started to shout in anger and annoyance. Honestly, after hearing it the first time over four years ago, I sorta' started tuning him out. His angry rants were very similar in effect to Smelly Gabe's. And I had to put up with him for years at home. A soft shushing sound came from behind Zeus—from Hestia in the hearth. Zeus' angry shouting died down within an instant—an ability that seemed to only exist for Thalia, Hera, and Hestia. Hestia smiled softly at us, though I could tell she was suspicious of us. She, if my theory was correct, didn't know who we were, and so she didn't know whether we were a threat to her family or not. Sometimes that woman could be more tactical than the Goddess of War Strategy herself, which frankly was frightening. "Before you