Chapter 1 Harry's breath hitched, his eyes filling with tears. The two men that sat before him had just destroyed him. Harry watched as their hands intertwined and a sob pushed its way from his lips. He felt sick. His stomach was churring and his head pounded. He closed his eyes, his head spinning behind the closed lids. Harry's breaths came faster and faster as he attempted to regain control of himself. Harry's eyes snapped open and he managed to stutter out a few words before tears engulfed his speech again. Taking a deep and shuddering breath Harry tried again. "H-h-how? How did this hap-p-pen" Harry managed to finally get out, through ragged breaths. His life was tumbling down around him and Harry didn't know what to do. It had all happened so fast. It was all so unexpected. Severus Snape and Draco Malfoy looked at the boy before them, their eyes filled with pity at the broken Gryffindor. "It just happened." Severus said nonchalantly. It was as though he was talking about nothing more than why it had rained yesterday. "I realised that I don't love you anymore." he said, matter of factly. A fresh wave of tears cascaded down Harry's face as the words were spoken. Verbal conformation of something that he had prayed was not true. "Draco and I do though. We love each other and we don't want to hide that anymore." Harry looked at the pair through his tears. His ex-lover and his ex-friend. It seemed that today was a day of loss. Harry pushed himself up from his seat and ran from the room. He didn't hear any footsteps following him. He supposed that was a good thing. A part of him hoped that Severus would realise his mistake but another part knew that nothing good would come from it. Harry scrambled up the stairs, his legs barely holding him as he scurried into his room. The room that he had shared with Severus for the past three years. It was the room he had lost his virginity in, the room he had fallen in love in, the room he had become pregnant in. Not that Severus knew that of course. Harry himself had only found out yesterday, a routine checkup had lead to the revelation that he was three months gone, with twins. Harry had been planning on telling Severus the amazing news when he next saw the man. Harry had been beyond exited. He was going to become a father. Severus had said he had working late, although Harry doubted that story now and so Harry had gone to sleep before the man had come home. In the morning Harry was on his way downstairs to tell the man of the amazing surprise, when he had been confronted by Draco and Severus. They had then told him of how they had been lovers for the past two months and that they were in love now. Severus wanted freedom from Harry to pursue his love of Draco. Harry pulled the doors of the walk-in-wardrobe open, letting them bang loudly against the wall. Harry was sure that they would leave a mark on the wall. He really didn't care. He pulled his trunk out from the back and began to stuff as many of his clothes into it as he could get his hands on. He forced the draws open of the dresser and pulled out underwear and socks. Dragging the trunk along the floor Harry picked up the personal items that littered the bedroom. He threw them haphazardly into the case, his brain no more than a fuzzy mess of emotion. Pulling the trunk out of the room Harry then made his way down the stairs, the trunk thumping on every step. Without sparing a glance toward the two men that still sat in the positions he had left them in, Harry marched past them, grabbed a pinch of floo powder and yelled out the first name that popped into his head before leaving the house and the people that he had loved behind him. Severus Snape sat at the staff table of Hogwarts. His lover, Draco Malfoy sat next to him. Draco had become the Ancient Runes Professor several years ago after deciding that the ministry was not the place for him. Instead he decided he anted to be closer to his lover and his son so had become the professor of a subject that he had always enjoyed and excelled in. Severus watched with no real interest as the new first years were sorted. However as a name was called out his brow raised and his eyes widened. "Potter, Solomon" Severus watched as a boy made his way up onto the stool. His green eyes sparkled and his silky black hair fell to his shoulders. The young boy walked with an heir of confidence. He had a small smile on his face as he sat on the stool. Murmurs filled the hall as the name Potter was mentioned. Harry Potter had not been seen in more than eleven years. After Severus had broken up with the boy he had vanished. Potter's friends had all searched in vain to find him. He had made no contact with anyone in the Wizarding World for all that time. It was therefore a shock to see a boy with Potter's eyes and name appear so suddenly at Hogwarts. The hat was set on the boy's head and the seconds ticked by. As the minute mark hit the hat shouted out Slytherin in a piercing voice. The boy stood up and swaggered towards the Slytherin table. "Potter, Theseus" Another name rang through the hall and Severus watched as an almost identical boy walked forward. The only difference between the two was that the one currently making his way towards the stool had his hair delicately arranged in a french braid that started at his hairline and made its way to the base of his neck where it was tied with a black ribbon. Severus watched as the boy seated himself. He seemed more reserved than the other. He had walked with his head held high and yet he lacked the cockiness that the other had seemed to express. However the end result was the same. Slytherin was called a second time and the boy went to join his brother at the Slytherin table. Solomon gave a grin to his brother as the boy sat beside him at the Slytherin table. Dad was sure to be proud of both of them. Solomon moved his hand to ruffle his little brother's hair. He may only be a few minutes older but Solomon would always see himself as the protector. Theseus swatted the hand out of the air before it had a chance to reach its destination. "Sol, stop it." he said with a sigh. "Do you have any idea how long it took me to get my hair like this?" Sol only gave a grin and reached for his brother's hair again, only to receive another slap to his hand. Sol chuckled. It was always so easy to wind up his little brother. "Now now Thee, no need for such hostility." Solomon said with a smile. Theseus only sighed, rolling his eyes and turning his attention back toward the sorting. Several more names were called out before the last child went to their new house and the Headmistress stood up to make her speech. Professor McGonagall welcomed the students new and old to the school before welcoming them all to eat. Food of all colours and flavours filled the table at her words and the students dug in. Solomon and Theseus spent the meal talking amongst themselves and ignored the rest of the students at their table. The pair seemed to be in a world of their own, laughing at words and phrases that had no meaning to those that heard them. Severus watched the two boys with interest. They both looked strikingly similar to Potter, the pair seeming to look like their father in all aspects, except for their hair. Unlike the birds nest atop their father's head, their hair was silky smooth, cascading down their necks like a waterfall of black. Severus considered the origin of the boys. Who was it that was their mother? Severus was sure that Harry was not inclined to seek the presence of women so where had the boys come from? Severus had to stop himself from letting his mask slip and his jaw fall to the floor. It couldn't be, it just couldn't! Severus did the maths in his head. No. But the timing didn't lie. If the boys were eleven then the only person that Harry could have been with that fit within the timeframe was himself. Severus felt his chest tighten as he realised the truth. He had children. He had two sons. Two little boys that he hadn't even know existed until a few minutes ago. Severus stood from his seat, a wild look making its way into his eyes. He stormed from the hall, his thoughts swirling around in his head as he left. Students and staff watched him go. Severus reached the Slytherin common room and collapsed onto one of the chairs. He had two sons. He didn't know how he was supposed to deal with he fact that this information had been dumped on him so suddenly. Why had Harry not told him about them? Why? Severus felt a surge of anger ripple through him before it quickly faded. Severus understood Harry. Severus knew that all those years ago he had made a horrible mistake. He had cheated on the young man and had then told Harry in the most insensitive way possible. Even worse he had not made any attempted to stop the boy from leaving. He had let him floo away without a second glance. He was too caught up with Draco to even notice his suffering. Severus had felt guilty for the events of that day. He had often wished that he could go back and do it all over again. He had found himself what it would have been like if he had stayed with Harry. The boy had loved him unconditionally. His love was pure and beautiful. It was a feeling that Severus had not had before or since. Draco may love him but his first priority would always be to the Malfoy name. That was why Draco was married to Astoria Greengrass. The pair saw little of each other and had only slept together until they had had their son Scorpius. However it still demonstrated to Severus that he would never come first for Draco. There would always be something more important. Severus sighed. He hadn't realised how amazing his life had been with Harry until he had let it slip through his fingers. Severus wondered what he would have done if Harry had told him about the boys. Would he have changed his mind and let the boy stay in his life? Would he have been able to watch his sons grow up? Severus was snapped out of his thoughts as Slytherins started to file into the common room. It was time for Severus to welcome the new Slytherins into the folds, that included his own sons. Severus stood up from his seat and retreated into the shadows at the edges of the room. He needed to be ready. He had a reputation to uphold, one that all the Slytherins counted on. He watched as the first years were ushered to the front. Severus clocked Draco's son Scorpius walking in with the rest of the group. However his eyes flickered to Solomon and Theseus as the two seated themselves comfortably on one of the many large sofas that lined the walls. The two were excluded from the rest of the people in the room. Severus wondered whether that was intentional or whether there were still Slytherins that