Dare to be Different Percy looked out, the top of the astronomy tower being the perfect place to let the world melt away. The moon was high, the stars twinkling; their light piercing through the darkness of the blackened sky. Percy watched as Lupus jumped high in the sky, the wolf stretching, reaching, for something that the beast could not see. Percy wondered if he was doing the same. Aiming for a goal that he did not comprehend. Jumping. Being pulled in all directions for an aim that he would never fulfil. Percy lifted the blade in his hand. It glittered in the moonlight, just like the stars. He ran a finger along it, marvelling at the beautifully sharp blade. Percy lifted the blade and placed it on his forearm. For several seconds he simply let it run along his arm, watching as red lines appeared on the skin. It was like drawing a map. A map of all his failures, one that he wanted to permanently cement there. Percy let the blade sink in. He revelled in the feeling. He sliced the blade across the skin, letting it cut, the patterns dictated by nothing more than his lost mind. He lost himself ing the pain. It was all that mattered. The pain made his feelings lessen. It made his mind stop swimming with thoughts that threatened to drown him. It made him feel in control. Percy let the blade slice again before he stopped. He watched as the blood welled up from the cut, felt as the worry and pressure dripped away as the drops of blood did, making their way down his arm. Percy let the blade clatter to the floor, too intrigued by the blood welling up to the surface of his skin. He watched as the streams of blood ran along the scars of years of abuse. Letting out a sigh Percy closed his eyes, his mind being consumed by the pain. Everything else fell away. As the blood started to dry and clot Percy opened his eyes again. His arm was sticky with the drying blood and ached as he moved to stand. Percy pulled down the sleeve of his robe and winced as the material rubbed over the cuts, causing several of them to reopen. He picked up his school bag, swinging it onto his shoulder. His feet echoed loudly through the silent corridors as he made his way back towards the Gryffindor common room. Percy muttered the password before gently pushing open the door. Stripping off his clothes he dumped them in the hamper, ready for the house elves to wash. He ripped off the material that was stuck to his arm, not caring as the blood, yet again, began to flow down his arm. Percy then collapsed in his bed, pulling his curtains shut as he let sleep engulf him. The next morning, or the same morning if you bothered to think about it, which Percy didn't, Percy woke from a fitful sleep. It was around five in the morning meaning that the rest of the members of the dorm were still asleep. Percy had only had around four hours of sleep and yet he needed to get up now to avoid any awkwardness that might occur if he was to face any of his year mates in the shower. Percy let the hot water rush down his back, the heat turning his skin a deep shade of pink. After half an hour Percy dressed himself in his uniform and ran a comb through his hair. Pinning his prefect badge to his lapel Percy picked up his bag and made his way out of the dorm, hiding to the library. It wasn't as easy as most people thought to keep up such good grades. After a good hour and a half of work Percy made his way towards the Great Hall for breakfast. He didn't wish to be there but he had little choice. As a prefect there was an expectation of him. One that Percy had always tried to live up to. Sitting by himself Percy pulled out a book and nibbled at a piece of toast, his mind not focusing on anything other than the thoughts of his own pitiful existence. The thoughts swirling around his head, consuming every atom of his being. He tried to stop his eyes from closing in his despair. Percy was snapped from his thoughts by the sound of loud and raucous laughing. Looking over to the entrance of the Great Hall he spotted the twins. It seemed that even at such an ungodly hour the pair were already pulling pranks and beginning to start trouble. Percy didn't want to have to deal with this. Percy watched as Fred shoved George. A friendly, brotherly expression of love. Percy sometimes wished that he had that with someone. Even if he disapproved of the twins behaviour it was obvious that the two cared for each other. Percy had never been close with any of his siblings; always the odd one out. Bill and Charlie had always been close, the two men smart, outgoing and with only two years between them, they got along famously. Fred and George, of course, spent all their time together. Ron and Ginny had been thrown together and although they fought a lot they were still close. Percy had been left out in the cold. He didn't have a sibling that he could rely on. He didn't have anyone that he was close enough in age to that he could really connect with them. He was alone. Lessons for the day dragged on. Of course Percy was paying full attention to every word that was being said and yet that didn't mean he was enjoying them. He sat alone in all his lessons, taking notes on all that was being said and preforming all practical work to perfection. Dinner passed in a blur, Percy eating very little, instead attempting to loose himself on book. As the meal ended Percy retreated to his usual spot, the library. He spent hours researching for the essay that was due in just over a fortnight. It was always better to be ahead. As it neared half past nine Percy finished the essay, having proof-read it what felt like a dozen times. He rolled the parchment up and carefully placed it in his bag, ensuring that it did not get crushed by his books, by casting a simple spell on it. He then wondered back up the astronomy tower, hoping to find solace in the peaceful night's sky. Pulling out his sketchbook Percy flicked through the pages looking at the music that littered the pages, staves drawn haphazardly across the sheet. He hummed along to some of the tunes as he read through his work from the previous days, the notes echoing eerily around the quiet room. He let the music flow over him as he worked on creating. Percy found peace in his music, not that anyone else knew that. He was self taught, having learnt everything from the many books that lined the shelves of Hogwarts library. His family didn't have money for real music lessons or real instruments, for that matter, and so Percy had to resort to less conventional methods. Percy lost himself in the notes, each one unique and yet uniform. Each sound was beautiful in its own right but together they were glorious. Percy made his way down the stairs as it neared eleven, his books clutched in his arms. Percy was lost in his own world as he followed the corridors back towards the Gryffindor common room. He found himself crashing back to reality as his body connected with what felt like a solid brick wall. His legs gave way and he stumbled back, crashing to the floor. His books scattered to the floor, papers flying from the pages. Percy looked up, dazed to see a figure before him. "Sorry, sorry." Percy managed to mumble out as he scrambled to pick up his belongings. He was not expecting a rumbling voice to come from the figure before him. "It's not a problem. I should have been paying more attention myself." The young man knelt down next to Percy, helping to gather up the papers that still littered the floor. The papers were shoved into Percy's hands as he stood up and he got his first look of the young man before him. The man that stood before him was tall, he was a head taller than Percy's five foot nine at around six feet tall. Percy's eyes flickered to the other's face. His hair sat in bouncy, dirty blonde curls atop his head. His pink lips were pulled around white lips in a pleasant grin. His eyes were a smokey grey that radiated humour. Percy's eyes then flickered to the numerous piercings that adorned the young man's face. A silver ring was decorating his left nostril, glittering in the darkened corridor. Two matching silver rings adorned each lobe. The man's left helix had a cuff surrounding it. A silver feather, delicately engraved wrapped around the ear. A green gem was embedded in the silver. Only then did Percy notice the colour of the robes on the person before him. Green and silver, perfectly matching the cuff in his ear reflected back at him. "Let me walk you back to your common room" the taller man purred out. "You seem a little shaken." Percy was given no opportunity to protest as the blonde grabbed Percy's elbow and led him down the corridor. "The name's Jackson by the way, Jackson Rose, but most people call me Jax." A wide grin spread his face as he spoke. "What about you?" Percy blinked before replying. He seemed unable to get his mouth to work properly as he stammered out a few broken words. "Um..well…I'm…" Percy bumbled as he attempted to get the words to come out. He had not been ready for social situations at such a late hour. "I'm…Percy Weasley." he finally managed to get out. The words feeling like stones being chewed, breaking his teeth as they came out. "Well Perce, it's a pleasure." Jax said with a grin. A small nod of his head, accompanying his words. Percy said nothing, keeping his eyes down, away from the young man. He didn't know what the Slytherin wanted from him. Slytherins always wanted something. Percy didn't want to be in such a situation. It all seemed far too complicated. "So what are you doing out so late Mr Weasley?" Jax purred, his voice teasing but still sounding friendly. "Well I…I was just doing homework." Percy lied, although he didn't sound convincing to anyone, let alone himself. "So far away from the library?" Jax smiled. His voice was not accusatory. He seemed to simply find humour in Percy's social stumbling. "I…I was in the astronomy tower." Percy almost whispered. He didn't know why he was telling the other boy this. He had no reason to tell him anything and yet his mouth had simply run away with him. He could have simply walked away. Entered the Gryffindor common room and not looked back. Why had he let the boy know of his private space? "Oh right. It's nice up there. Really quite when you just need to get away for a bit." Percy let his head nod in agreement at Jax's words. "Yeah, yeah it is." Percy affirmed. He felt a slight blush light up his cheeks as he glanced up at the young man to see him smiling widely down at him. "Well, I suppose I'll see you around Perce." Jax said with a wave as he made his way away from the Gryffindor entrance. It didn't occur to Percy until later to ask how he had know where the entrance was. Over the next few months Percy seemed to see Jax more and more around the school: in the corridors, in the library,