Hello, welcome to Heal! As usual, I do not own the amazing literary art that is Twilight! I hope you enjoy this story! Edward's P.O.V I felt my body jump awake from a slumber I didn't know I entered. Damn , I thought to myself. I had fallen asleep at the dining room table. Again. I ran a hand through my hair and checked my watch, It was 7:30 a.m., perfect. This time was the usual time I had to get up and get things started for the day. First things first, I need to wake up my little girl to get her ready for daycare. I got up and stretched , cracking various bones and sighed in relief. I walked out of the dining room and began walking up the stairs. As I walked up, I looked to the right, where her room was right next to the bathroom. For potty emergencies of course. Her door was a light purple color with hand painted flowers scattered here and there. Above the door was a wooden sign that read 'Cassie's Room'. I walked the rest of the way and stopped at the door. I knocked softly and waited for a response. I heard her soft voice coo as she was surely just waking up. I put my hand on the knob and turned it. The door opened and I saw a beautiful sight. Cassie was still laying down, her hands together beneath her cheeks as though she were praying. The morning sun was casting a glow about her and she looked like an angel. Just seeing her so peaceful made me feel lucky to have her with me. I walked into her room and crouched down next to her bed. "Sweetheart, it's time to get up," I said softly. She looked so calm that I didn't truly want to wake her. I had to however, seeing as I had a few things to do today. She scrunched her up and sighed. An angel she may be, but she loved her sleep dearly. She rolled over onto her back and stretched, before sitting up. She opened her eyes and it was like looking into my own. I couldn't help but smile at her and she smiled back as I gently pulled her into a hug. "Hi daddy," she spoke with a slightly scratchy voice. It warmed my heart and soul to hear her call me daddy. "Hi baby. How are you?" I asked, rubbing her back gently. She yawned before replying "I'm good. I missed you!" I chuckled and let her go. I tucked her into bed every night after bathing her and reading her a story. How she could miss me was a mystery. I kissed her head before looking at her and asking,"Are you ready to start the day?" She nodded with a smile. "We have to sing the song daddy!" she exclaimed happily. As a baby, I created a morning song and a lullaby for her. I was happy she still enjoyed it. I mean, she's still young but who knows? She may grow out of it. "Good morning, with a smile on my faaace," I sang. She giggled before answering back with the next line. "Good morning, it's time to start the day!" I picked her up and swung her around singing, "It's gonna be a great day! You'll have lots of time to play!" Together we finished with "So it's time to start the daaaaaay!" I blew raspberries on her belly and her laughter brought life into the house. "Daddy, I have to potty," she said. I quickly put her down and her bare feet slapped the floor as she ran to the bathroom. Thankfully, she'd taken to potty training quickly. I waited outside and listened for her to give me the 'OK' to come in. "Ok, I'm ready," she said happily. I walked in and turned on the water in the tub before she stopped me. "No Daddy, I'm a big girl! I wanna take a shower!" I grinned and switched the intensity on the shower head before turning the shower on. As I pulled the door closed on the shower, she whimpered. "Don't leave," she said with a slightly shaky tone. I quickly reassured her that I wouldn't leave her alone. "Can you sing a song for me?" she asked in a sweet voice. I smiled before beginning to sing "Turning Page." She loved the song and I had to admit that it was my fault. "I've waited a hundred years, and I'd wait a million more for you," I sang and nearly laughed as she squealed. A squeal she no doubt got my Alice, my sister. "If you finish fast enough I'll let you listen to it in the car," I said in an attempt to make her finish faster. As much as I loved my daughter, she swore she was a mermaid once she hit the water. Again thanks to Alice for her and her Disney movies. A good ten minutes later Cassie said she was finished. I opened the shower door and saw that she was indeed clean from dripping head to wiggling toes. I got her Little Mermaid towel and dried her off before blow drying her hair. A feat that I was able to handle quite quickly. Once I was done, I picked her up and began walking to her room. "It's gonna be warm today, what do you want to wear?" I asked her. I walked into her room and set her down only to have her run into her closet. She was adamant about dressing herself and, to my surprise, we were ahead of schedule by half an hour. I guess my watch was wrong. Cassie came out of the closet in green dress that matched her, or should I say our, eyes. Her hair was wavy due to her natural curls trying to make their way back. "OK sweetheart, how about you play here while Daddy takes a shower. I'll be fast I promise," I assured her. I hopped into the shower and let the water pour over my body. There was nothing like a good shower after falling asleep at a table for hours. I groaned as I stretched my body, feeling something crack that brought me intense relief. At twenty five, and with being a father, I still looked pretty good. I had a good body structure. Strong non-breast like pecs, strong biceps and a six pack I had worked pretty hard for. I had the V going down my hips that girls seemed obsessed with. And as for down below, I'm pretty well endowed with both width and legnth as well as lasting for quite some time. It sounds arrogant but it's just how it is. I'm actually quite modest about it honestly. I had a small amount of chest hair as well as a thin trail of it from my belly button to my nether regions. And I'm not ashamed to say that I manscape. If I'd rather my girl not have a bush then the least I can do is maintain mine too. I ran my hand through my hair, tugging lightly. While I'm happy my I left my ex-wife, I did miss sex a bit. She wasn't amazing, but it took the edge off of the stress I felt. But then again, it doesn't really count seeing as when we did do the deed, it wasn't her I was seeing. Instead I always imagined her. The girl I yearned for in both high school and medical school. Bella Swan. Instead of my wife, who was planning to take everything I had and run, I saw the one who got away. I lightly trailed my hand down my body. I felt a shiver go through me as I imagined it was her hand. My right hand tugged my hair slightly. I closed my eyes and visualized her as I remembered her to be. Her hair was the color of milk chocolate, yet in the sun it had natural highlights of red. It had a slight wave to it and stopped just at the top of her armpits. Her skin, a beautiful creamy color which was always slightly pink with an everlasting blush. Her eyes were brown with little flecks of hazel in them, and so deep that I could get lost in them. I imagined those eyes looking at me with lust as she bit her naturally plump pink bottom lip. A habit that made me want to kiss her, even back then. I felt my hand tighten around me, yet I imagined it was something else. I pictured her on her knees, her hot mouth working me. I stifled a groan and worked myself faster.I tilted my head back as images came to mind without effort. Bella bent over with me having her from behind, grabbing a fistful of her hair. It quickly switched to Bella riding me, my face buried in her neck as I surely left my mark. I could imagine what it would sound like to have her moaning my name as I fucked her into oblivion. The way she would arch her back and cry out as I relentlessly had my way with her. I could hear her sweet voice telling me to fuck her harder and not to stop ringing in my head. The way she would take control if I wasn't doing what she wanted. I could feel her soft skin beneath my hands as I held her down by her wrists, pushing myself deep into her wet pussy and slowly taking myself out. The way she would whine yet stay exactly where she was. Imagining the sight of her coming was my undoing. I grunted as my cum splashed against the shower floor before being washed away. Feeling relieved, I quickly washed again and got out of the shower. I blow dried my hair and began to leave the bathroom. I wrapped a towel around my waist and walked down the hall into my room. "You ok princess?" I called down the stairs. I was answered with a ,"Yes Daddy, I'm just dancing!" I smiled and closed my door. Just in case she came upstairs and attempted to come in. The last talk I wanted to have right now was the, "Daddy-What's-That-Thingy-Between-Your-Legs?" talk. I dried my body and threw the towel into the laundry bin to wash later. I walked over to my dresser and opened the top drawer, getting a pair of forest green briefs and put them on. I adjusted myself in them with a sigh, it's uncomfortable to just hang out of the bottom you know. I took out some socks and put them on too, wiggling my toes to get them more comfortable. Next, I went to my second closet. I have two, which may sound extensive but I needed one for suits and scrubs while the other was for plain clothing. I opened it and smirked at all my 'Alice Approved' outfits. I really apperciate my sister trying to help but I do quite alright on my own. I looked through the clothing before taking the light blue jeans with a dusty tan-ish tint from one outfit and a white v-neck from another. Seeing as it was more than likely to rain I decided to wear my Timberland boots with them and call it a day. Once I was dressed, I went over to the mirror and looked at my hair with a wry grin. It was untamable. Many women in my family have tried to tame the unruly mane on my head and have yet to succede. I ran a hand through it to give it a look of casual disarray before smiling at myself. I grabbed my grey hoodie and ran downstairs. I walked into the dining room and stopped in my tracks when at the breath taking sight before me. The sunlight filtered in through