A/N: Just a little something before you read... I wrote this story back in July for a friend's birthday. It is mostly centred on Piper and Jason's relationship. The story is like one long chapter added to the Mark of Athena before the Argo II reached the ancient lands. And, if you're a TSOTL reader, let me tell you that is still going to be on hold till March. Somehow I just felt like posting this one. Sorry... ^^ SPECIAL Since she woke up to Coach Hedge humming some tune that sounded like it belonged to Pirates of the Caribbean , Piper had had a very foul feeling in the pit of her stomach. Even after Jason had planted a good-morning kiss on the back of her head post breakfast, the stubborn sensation had refused to leave her alone. An old Cherokee saying kept playing in Piper's mind like a record tape: If your gut feels bad, you will be sad. She never had understood what those words were supposed to convey, but she figured she was about to experience it. Her intuitions turned into reality somewhere around midday. The sun was a peaceful ball of brightness in the blue sky marked with cottony clouds, while the Argo II was assail somewhere beyond the middle of the Atlantic, now much closer to the ancient lands. That's when the horizon gave birth to five tiny spots of gold and brown. "What are those?" Annabeth asked, squinting into the distance, a palm above her brows to shield her vision from the bright sunlight. "Probably Arion found friends," Leo offered. The guy had a screwdriver in his hand and was busy … well, repairing something. "No, I haven't called for him," Hazel declared, brown eyes somewhat annoyed. "He's too fast for any other horse; he'd have been on deck nine seconds ago anyway." "Is something the matter?" Percy's voice was still husky as he came awake. He'd fallen asleep right in the middle of the deck trying to find shapes in the clouds. Go figure. Annabeth cursed in Ancient Greek as she drew her dagger, "Call the others. We've got trouble." "Tell me something new," Leo muttered, turning to face the incoming misfortune. "Holy Machines," he said reverently, "how'd they get this close to us? I want the blueprints of those eagles!" That's when Piper realized what was really coming their way. Five automaton eagles of Imperial Gold glistening murderously – each carrying an armour-clad Roman demigod – were speeding right towards them. They were five demigods with full armour and five metal beasts. And all the Argo II had was seven demigods each with a small weapon, plus a satyr who was practically out of his mind on his best days. But Piper was very quick in yelling, "Jason! Coach! Frank! Trouble!" "I couldn't have put it better myself," Percy commented with a playful wink; he was already on his feet entirely awake, sword in hand, flanking Annabeth's right side. Hazel had drawn her spatha by the time Coach Hedge was at the deck yelling abuses at the eagles. Jason appeared like a hero at the mouth of the stairs with his Gladius at the ready, and Piper had to tear her gaze away from him, followed by Frank who just looked confused. Piper drew Katoptris the same time Leo pulled out a long, intimidatingly thick wrench from his tool belt, and Piper shook her head, exasperated. A guy who could summon fire needed a wrench to fight machine eagles. "Coach, don't insult them," Leo rebuked half-heartedly. "They're beautiful." "They're enemies! Attack!" Coach Hedge raised his baseball bat for emphasis. As Piper watched the enemy fly toward them in perfect formation, she realized that they all too had fallen into a formation of their own. Percy and Jason were shoulder to shoulder, looking like a haphazard pair of solid partners in crime. Annabeth stood on Percy's left her eyes stern and intense, looking deadly calm. Piper had taken Jason's right side, both to support him and for his assistance in battle. Leo was by the control board with Coach Hedge; Frank had turned into a big grizzly bear, with claws so sharp they could've shredded metal in seconds while Hazel had taken a defensive position by the stairwell. "That's Leo," Jason said, eyes fixed on the leader of the Wicked Eagle Platoon. "His memory loss keeps coming back," Leo muttered, as he pressed buttons on the control board. "Man, I'm Leo. Your best friend, remember?" "Valdez, I know that," Jason replied with a deep grimace. "That guy is Leo Sparrow, an old enemy-slash-ally." "Leo Sparrow, huh?" Percy snickered. "One man zoo; I like that." "Is that really him?" Hazel asked. "I've heard stories. He challenged Reyna for praetorship and lost against her, right? From what I know, he was driven out of camp." "Yeah that's the one," Jason confirmed, the flying invaders were some hundred metres away now. "Guys, let's try to talk first. This boy is a son of Mercury and he'd also received a special blessing from Mars." "Which means he's a difficult enemy," Piper noted. "So we talk first, got it." "Cupcakes, he is the enemy! Fight! Fire those ballistae!" Coach Hedge yelled, but everyone wisely ignored him. A minute later, all five automatons landed on the Argo II's deck in perfect coordination. They were all six feet tall, with ruby red eyes and scarily razor-sharp talons. The boy Jason had indicated was tan and scrawny, with a black ponytail sticking out of his helmet. He carried a pilum in his left hand as he boldly stepped forward. "Long time, Grace," he said in a raspy voice. "Sparrow," Jason greeted with a nod. "I didn't know you were back." "That's understandable," Sparrow replied. "I re-joined the legion few nights back, which is after you attacked New Rome in this Graecus miscreation." "Oh, c'mon, that's a rude thing to say!" Leo protested, his fisted hands burst into flames. "Why are you here Sparrow?" Jason asked. "To arrest you of course," the boy replied. "You joined forces with the Greeks, then attacked New Rome and now you're sailing away to the ancient lands. Such treachery deserves severe punishment." "Says the guy who was forced into exile," Hazel chimed in. "Who sent you?" Sparrow eyed Hazel contemptuously. "Girl, I'll personally escort you to the best prison we have. And just so you know, I'm here on Octavian's orders." "Obviously, that douche-bag will never learn," Percy shook his head. "Surrender quietly. Or we'll have to resort to other means," Sparrow threatened; though his scrawny frame reduced the effect. "We don't want to fight either," Piper stepped forward, her eyes fixed on Sparrow. She willed her voice to sound convincing because normally the 'talking' part of plans depended on her. "Gaia is waking, I'm sure you're aware of that. We are trying to stop her evil plans, we're the only ones who can do that. And nothing is going to keep us from doing what we must. Go back to New Rome before we have to use other means." Two of the guys looked at each other nervously and one more stepped toward his eagle. Sparrow too looked like he was seriously considering backing away a step, but of course the worst happened. Coach Hedge yelled. "I'm going to KILL all of ya!" He shouted his lungs out and charged at the Romans. An intense battle raged in minutes. Without her too alert ADHD senses, Piper's mind couldn't have registered so many things happening at once. Jason summoned lightning and blasted two eagles at once, but that didn't do much good. The two beasts flew high up and one collided with the mast, shrapnel rained. Blue eyes glowing with ferocious concentration, Jason raised his right hand to summon the winds. "I'll be back," he said to Piper before shooting up like a rocket. As she was trying to make two of the Romans fight each other, Piper saw that Annabeth was dagger-fighting another Roman warrior, and it was a curly-haired buff girl. Just as Piper watched, the girl ducked from one of Annabeth's swipes and kicked her in the shin. Annabeth dropped face-first to the wooden surface, her dagger skittering away. Before Piper could even think of charm-speaking the girl, Percy appeared. He gave the girl a strong blow in the chest with the butt of his sword, and sent her flailing toward the ship's edge. Two seconds later, a high wave rose out of the sea and the girl vanished with it. Percy helped Annabeth up, and back to back they took on one of the eagles. Four more demigods to go, Piper thought as she eyed her targets. "Oh, please! You know he's better than you at everything. This is your only chance to defeat him!" She told one of them. The boy confusedly raised his sword and stepped forward, that's when Piper took to hypnotizing the other one. "He's going to defeat you! Where is your self-esteem? Use those arrows and show him what you've got!" A few more catcalls later, the two Romans were literally too intent on killing each other so Piper turned her attention to other matters. Hazel was still by the stairwell, trying to keep away an eagle and a Roman at the same time. Once every few minutes a large chunk of some precious metal would pop up and hit the eagle then eventually sink again; there were enough dents on its gold bodice to make it look like an oversized, deformed chick. But from his speed it was clear that the Roman guy was the main problem. Skipping over to Hazel's side, Piper said to her, "Looks like you need a hand." "I need a lot more than one hand!" Hazel answered. While using Katoptris to give Hazel some breather, Piper dared to glance up at the sky. She was disappointed when she didn't spot a shock of blonde hair above, but the same moment she had a plan. "Let's switch targets," Piper muttered, loud enough for only Hazel to hear. Once Piper was on her own with the eagle, she felt intimidated and intimidating at the same time, which was somehow a very captivating feeling. She was so engrossed in talking the eagle into flying away, that she didn't notice when an exceptionally large chunk of impure silver hit the Roman guy in the head. She even missed the fantastic way in which he sank to the deck with his tongue lolling out. Finally, with her throat so sore she could hardly whisper anymore, the stubborn eagle spread its deformed wings. But the eagle was so lopsided that it dashed Piper off the deck as it took off. Piper could only register Hazel's voice shrill with anxiety as it called out her name. Piper had gotten rid of two Romans and an eagle, she'd done her share. She started recollecting all the tips her father had given her when she'd first learnt surfing with him. Just fifty feet from the surface of the sea … forty … and she shut her eyes. She opened her eyes only when there was a platform of warm, saline winds supporting her and a familiar hand wound loosely around her waist. "Gotcha," Jason smiled. "Thanks," she murmured with a sigh, her voice not sounding altogether dead. "Where are your eagle friends?" "Somewhere close to the bottom of the Atlantic, I reckon," Jason looked at the blue that was all under them. "That's nice to hear." Piper turned her gaze toward their home-ship and considered their situation: Hazel was tying up a Roman dude, Percy and Annabeth had almost finished an eagle, Frank was back in Frank-form trying to stop Coach Hedge from beating up an already mashed eagle. And there, by the console board was Leo fighting Leo. "C'mon Sparky, take me back to the ship, we've still got a sparrow that needs to learn some manners." "Yes,