A/N –– hello there(: this is possibly the longest thing I have ever written; no actually, this is the longest thing I have ever written. haha, meet my latest plot bunny – it's a twisted, tricky thing that's hard to work with at times, but look – we made it! ^^ the main pairing in this is my latest OTP ;) it's a finnickatniss AU, in which Katniss won the 70th Hunger Games instead of the 74th, and she lives in District 4 with Finnick. There are two plots which are told concurrently, one focusing on the steps that Katniss took towards District 4, the other one with her as a mentor during the 74th Hunger Games. It took me really long to write this, so I'd appreciate any form of feedback!(: it's disgustingly AU, but I hope you like it :3 the style in which this is written is rather confusing, there are constant time leaps and no clear storyline, but it's meant to be like it. so to anyone who's reallyreally confused by everything and still wants to know what's going on, feel free to PM me, okay?(: dedicated –– to my lovely twinny, Diana / magiciseverywhere, and to Louise / downstage, who's beautiful and amazing and adorable. :3 Finding the Mockingjay by riptides I. 一波未平，一波又起。 in your ocean, I'm ankle deep, I feel the waves crashing on my feet, it's like I know where I need to be. It's hard to explain how everything started. Their relationship never had a beginning. It's almost as if they were plunged to their necks in it from the very start, and soon it was all just fumbling in the dark so much as knowing each other thoroughly. So whenever she whispers to him, how did this all begin? All he can do is respond, I don't know. The sky is almost crystalline blue today, she notes as she steps from the shade of her porch and onto the beach. Her feet leave imprints in the pristine sand as she ambles down the shore without any particular destination in mind, clear grey eyes staring out at the sea. She pauses at the very edge of the water, gentle waves rippling over her bare feet and staining the sand beneath them a darker shade. The rise and decline of the waves have a fluid rhythm that soothes her, putting her mind at rest. Her white dress flutters about her ankles, dancing above the pale turquoise waters, just out of reach, and her hair, too, lifts on the sea breeze, floating around her head like a dark halo. She hardly remembers how she ended up in District 4, and even less why she ended up there. It happened so long ago; the images should be fuzzy in her mind, but they're ever-distinct and vivid, almost as if daunting her. She remembers blood slipping through her fingers, arrow nocked in her bow, the quivering tip aimed at the smug face of Cato Juncos. She remembers her district partner's pale face, sweat pouring down from his temples as he asphyxiated, slowly suffocating due to Cato's grip around his neck. Stalemate. The word rings in her mind now, reminding her how helpless she felt, how clueless she was, and how she didn't know what to do. I killed him. That isn't a lie. If she'd reacted faster, maybe shot Cato's arm or something, Peeta Mellark would be alive and breathing, and they'd both have been victors. What of our little 'drama'? The star-crossed lovers act would have continued, surely, and they would have continued until –– no , she chides herself, sensibly. There's no point in wondering what might have been. But it's impossible to forget the twisted agony on Peeta's face, his fingers scrambling for purchase on Cato's arm, trying to pull it away. She was frozen, unable to react, and slowly, bit by bit, he died in front of her, until he finally slumped and Cato released his arm, satisfied. Only then did she regain her composure and shoot her enemy in the chest, causing him to drop dead, too, and the two cannons fired at exactly the same time. Then she had sunk to her knees beside Peeta Mellark's dead body, and started to sob into her bloodstained fingers. It's all too much, every single detail of that moment etched into her memory eternally. No, she whispers. No , she repeats more firmly. My name is Katniss Everdeen, I am twenty years old, and I am the victor of the 70 th Hunger Games . . . It's a little mantra she recites to herself whenever things get too much to deal with, when she wakes screaming from nightmares or whenever the memories overwhelm her. She collapses there, at the edge of the surf, dropping to her knees and whispering those words to herself as if they're her lifeline. I have a younger sister called Primrose and she's fourteen this year. She was ten when I won the Games and she has a goat named Lady – "Katniss?" She doesn't react, and she feels arms going around her, lips pressed to her temple. "It's okay. Everything's alright now. Don't worry, everything's alright –" "Today is the Reaping," she murmurs, eyes still fixed on the sea. "Real or not real?" Finnick Odair hesitates, before answering her truthfully, his grip on her tightening even further. "Real," he says, quietly. "Today is the reaping of the 74th Hunger Games. You have to be in District 12 before noon, and we need to be at the station by nine, which means we have an hour." Katniss shudders, curling her fingers into fists and then relaxing them again. "Okay." "Just don't think about it, in two weeks it'll all be over and we can come back here again," Finnick says, rocking her back and forth. "Then we can –" "My tributes are going to die. Real or not real?" "Katniss," Finnick pauses, "if you don't want to do it, I can see whether Haymitch can just take over your tribute this year –" "No, I want to do it," she answers, pushing his arms away and standing up. "I want to." He closes his eyes and sighs. "Okay. Just try your best, and if they don't live don't blame yourself, because you know it's not your fault." She doesn't respond, so he opens his eyes again and exhales exasperatedly. "Katniss –" "But it is my fault," she grumbles. "Because I'm a bad mentor, that's why they die." "Katniss," he repeats, getting to his feet and gripping her shoulders firmly, "it's not your fault." She shys away from his touch and runs back towards the house, her hands clamping automatically over her ears. My name is Katniss Everdeen, I am twenty years old, and I am the victor of the . . . She goes up to her room and shuts the door, leaning against it almost tiredly, ignoring Finnick's incessant knocking. "Katniss? Katniss!" his voice rises in urgency, but she doesn't care, wandering away from the door and moving towards her window, where she pauses, pressing her cheek against the glass. Her eyes are fixed on the sky, and for some reason, she can't cast away the dread that slowly settles into the pit of her stomach. -;- "Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you – Katniss Everdeen, the victor, of the 70th Annual Hunger Games!" The fanfare of trumpets blares out; she looks up and stares at the sky with her blood-smeared face, trying to make sense of everything that is going on. There's a hovercraft above her. They're here to take away his body. Without another thought she grabs Peeta's corpse and hugs it to her chest tightly, refusing to let go. However, instead of the metal claw being lowered, a ladder slowly drops down from the sky, the metal tines just touching the gold of the Cornucopia, right beside her. I've won. I've won. The words echo in her ears, but she doesn't comprehend, just stares blankly at the ladder as blood drips down her face. The cameras must have stopped filming a while ago, because a voice blares out from the hovercraft. "Miss Everdeen, please step onto the ladder." Oh. Oh. She moves towards the ladder, all the while keeping a firm grip on Peeta's body, and steps onto the lowest rung. It doesn't move. "Miss Everdeen, please release the body." She doesn't react. "Miss Everdeen, please release the body." She continues to blink up at the hovercraft uncomprehendingly, when suddenly an electric current jolts her and her fingers spasm, releasing her grip on the corpse and causing it to tumble from her grasp. No! She bends down and reaches for it, but she can't move anymore, and the ladder is being reeled back up into the hovercraft. Her mouth is pulled open in a silent shriek. When she's no longer immobile, she starts screaming, pounding her fists against the glass walls that are shut on her almost instantly. She loses control of herself, spiraling into an abyss of insanity. When she jerks back into painful reality her knuckles are bruised and bloodied, and she feels immensely dizzy, struggling to retain her hold on consciousness. Then she feels a stabbing sensation in her arm, and the silver hypodermic needle glinting up at her is the last thing she sees before she blacks out. -;- There are times when she wakes up beside him in terror, with sweat and tears pouring down her cheeks, paralyzed in fear, unable to move. He seems to know the best ways to calm her down when she goes into a frenzy; he holds her tiny wrists in his hands, speaking soothing words to her, words that she does not absorb but somehow cause her to relax. He always knows when she has nightmares, yet she can never tell when he does – he doesn't react the way she does, thrashing and kicking at the suffocating sheets, but instead keeps it to himself. She wishes she knew when his memories overwhelmed him, because they are obviously far worse than hers, but she never does, and never will. They're at the train station when she suddenly clings to him, not willing to let go of her last shred of sanity, the only one who keeps her grounded, keeps her alive. "Can't you come with me?" her eyes are wide and pleading, but he merely laughs and hugs her tightly. "It's only a few hours, Katniss. Surely you can last that long without me." "I don't want to go without you," she whispers into his shoulder, and she feels him laugh, feels the vibrations from his throat. He gently prises her off him, and holds her at arm's length, a smile on his lips. "I'll see you in a few hours, okay?" then he drops a quick kiss on her forehead and moves away from the platform. Eyes widening in horror, she reaches for him desperately, but a restraining hand clamps onto her shoulder, and Katniss whirls around with a snarl on her lips. "Come on," says Effie Trinket brightly. "It's going to be a big, big, big day!" The train ride is painfully claustrophobic, and Katniss sits mutedly across from Effie at the mahogany dining table, watching the escort through hooded eyes as she sips her warm coca from a delicate china teacup. "And I told Fabian that no , I was not going to buy the teapot unless he gave me the matching floral plates! And guess what? He did!" Effie continues chattering about her various escapades in the Capitol over the previous year. Katniss tries to seem polite, nodding at appropriate intervals, because she honestly doesn't feel like talking and is glad that Effie's doing all of it. "I simply can't wait for the results of the designer balloting! It'd be lovely if we could get a decent designer, just this once! I've heard there's some new talent in