I don't own Twilight, but I enjoy making the characters as gay as I possibly can. It makes me smile. So I've managed to find myself in the hospital yet again after yet another accident. I'm not quite sure how long I've been here because I was in a medically induced coma for most of it. Anyway my brain is fine now and I'm extremely bored. So since I can't really work on my stories right now I shall fill my time with writing one shots that amuse me. I have a concussion so I'm not allowed to use my electronics and such, but I have a lovely assist who will be typing it for me while I hand write it. I'm sorry if there are a lot of mistakes. Anyway on with the story! Not Your Property I sigh sadly as I sit in my room waiting for Edward to pick me up. He wants me to spend the day with his family…...again. Now don't get me wrong I love spending time with the Cullen's. It's just that whenever I'm there he tries to treat me like I'm some sort of prized possession instead of his supposed mate. At first I thought that's how it was supposed to be since I'm still human and accident prone, but the more time I spent talking to Esme and Alice the more I realize it's not. I didn't even realize I kept sighing until I heard Edward's voice in my ear practically giving me a heart attack. "What's wrong, my love?" Edward asks as he moves to take a seat next to me on my bed. He places what I assume is supposed to be a comforting hand on my shoulder, but it only succeeded in making me even more uncomfortable. I gently shrug it off as I stand up and walk towards my bedroom door. "Nothing's wrong, Edward. Now can we please go? I'm sure the family is waiting for us." I couldn't resist signing again as I carefully walk down the stairs. Edward flints in front of me with his classic false concern ever present in his golden eyes. Trying to keep up with this whole act is being so tedious and annoying. On one hand I do believe that at one point in time I did genuinely love Edward, but the more time he spends hovering over me the more I realize that loves is turning into hatred. I wish he would just get the hint and back off, but I guess that's his main issue. He doesn't get any of my hints. "Bella, clearly something's bothering you. You know you can talk to me right? I'm always here for you, my love." I resist the urge to roll my eyes. He always says that and yet when there are things that I actually do want to talk to him about he completely brushes me off. He really needs to pick a side and stick with it. "Thank you, Edward, but I would rather not talk right now. Can we just leave now?" I practically plead tired of having this conversation with him. I see a look of anger flash across his face before it's replaced with his typical charming half smirk. "Of course we can." He says as he opens the front door for me. He quickly follows me out allowing me to lock the door behind us before he leads me to his silver Volvo. He opens the door for me to be chivalrous, but at this point everything he does irritates me to no end. I think the fact that none of it is genuine is what annoys me the most. He goes through the motions of what a good boyfriend should do, but none of it is actually real. Whether Edward admits it or not he knows that we are not truly mated, but he's too blinded by "love" to actually see it. The whole ride to his house I just look out the window trying to avoid him as best I can. He tried a few times to hold my hand, but I keep brushing him off. I wish he would just leave me alone for just a day or maybe forever. Forever sounds pretty good right now. I resist the urge to sign in relief when we pull up in front of his house. I smile when I see Rosalie standing outside waiting for us. I remember back when I first met Rosalie she was just as much the Ice Queen everybody proclaimed her to be, but as I started spending more time at the house she began to melt right before my eyes. Now I can proudly say that she's my best friend, but Emmett and Alice are close seconds. Not a day goes by that I don't talk to Rosalie about anything and everything. I love how she actually listens to me no matter how ridiculous it might sound to her. She makes me feel special and treasured in a way that Edward never could. Whenever I spend time with Rosalie I never want it to end, and I'm always eagerly waiting the next time we can get together. I just wish...I wish things were different...I sigh as I look over at Edward and see him looking at me curiously. "Finally you're here! It feels like it took you forever!" Rosalie shouts playfully as she's suddenly standing in front of my car door opening it for me. I chuckle softly at how impatient she always is. It's honestly rather adorable, but with anybody else it would be downright irritating. "We would have been here sooner, but something's bothering Bella. She won't tell me what it is even though I feel like I have the right to know." I look over and see Edward giving me the side eye like that's supposed to suddenly make me talk. The only thing he accomplishes to do with that look is piss Rosalie off if that soft growl she releases is any indication "If Bella doesn't wish to talk to you about whatever is or isn't bothering her than it would be best if you just accepted that and left her the hell alone, Edward." Rosalie says coming to my defense. In my opinion an upset Rosalie is a seriously hot Rosalie. Oh right if you haven't figured it out by now I'm not in love with Edward. Hell I can barely stand him most days, but I am completely in love with Rosalie. I, of course, can't tell her that, but maybe one day I'll finally have the courage too. "Oh Isabella," I hear Rosalie say in a sing song voice almost pulling me out of my thoughts. "Hmmm," I hum softly still being consumed by my thoughts. "I know my breasts are amazing and you love using them like a pillow whenever the opportunity presents itself, but my eyes are all the way up here." I vicious blush works its way up my neck and across my cheeks as I avoid looking at her completely. "Watch how you talk to my mate, Rosalie." Edward growls as he comes to my defense which is entirely unnecessary. "Don't get your tighty whites in a twist, Edward. She's just messing around." Emmett says with a boyish smile as he walks out of the house to join us. I look over at Emmett and blush again as gives me a knowing wink. Sometimes I wonder why I ever confided in him, but times like this easily remind me. "I don't care, Emmett. She's only saying these inappropriate things in front of Bella to embarrass her. I won't stand for it." I couldn't resist rolling my eyes which Rosalie easily notices. I avoid looking at her when she gives me a questioning look. I know she's going to want to talk once she gets me away from Edward. "Then feel free to sit down. There are plenty of seats in the living room." I say with a shrug as I take Rosalie's hand and start walking towards the house to escape Edward and his constant need to "defend" me. I give Emmett a one armed hug on the way inside. I figured I might as well get the conversation with Rosalie over with. She isn't one to be kept waiting. It will only make her line of questioning worse, and Detective Rosalie is really hot too. "Wait Bella I was hoping you would spend some time with me today. I composed a new song for you and was hoping you would listen to it." I resist the urge to groan. I've fallen for this trick before. He composes a new song for me and then I'm stuck listening to him play piano for the rest of the day. I swear the only music he knows are slow ballads that after a while all begin to blend together and sound the same. Thankfully Rosalie can tell that I don't want to, and quickly comes to my rescue. "Sorry, but no can do, Eddy. Today Bella's getting a much needed lesson on engines and how to repair them since she insists on driving that death trap she calls a truck." Rosalie says coming to my rescue. "Hey! I resent that! It's not a death trap. It's just old, but has a lot of character." I huff defending my beloved truck. "Oh is that what they call mobile coffins now? My mistake," I roll my eyes as I drop her hand. She catches me off guard by wrapping her arm around my waist instead leading inside and up to her room. She gently pushes me further inside before closing the door behind us. Slowly she turns to face me as she crosses her arms over her chest. The look in her eyes makes me take a step back. I see her slowly advance with every step I take. Before I know it I'm falling back on her bed as she stops in front of me. I keep looking at her waiting for her to say something. I don't know how long I'm sitting there before Rosalie sighs softly and shakes her head. I couldn't resist tilting my head in confusion as Rosalie shoulders sag in defeat. "How long are you going to keep up this charade like I don't know?" She asks completely catching me off guard. Before I can even ask what she's talking about she's answering. "You're clearly not happy with Edward, why didn't you tell me? I thought I was your best friend." I see Rosalie's arms tighten almost like she's trying to protect herself from what I'm about to say. "You are my best friend, Rose. It's just that…..I….ugh I don't know!" I cover my face with my hands as I try to gather my thoughts. I don't even know how to begin this explanation. I've never been good with talking about my emotions. The only reason Emmett know is because I wasn't aware he could hear me at the time, and once it was out there was no going back. Looking back it was easier telling him because he isn't the one I'm in love with. Rosalie is a completely different story. I failed to notice Rosalie kneeling down in front of me until her cold hands are wrapping around my wrist gently pulling my hands away from my face. "Talk to me, sweetheart. What's going on in that head of yours?" I sigh deeply. Times like this make me really happy that Rosalie's room is sound proofed even to vampires. "I haven't been happy with Edward for a while. I just didn't know how to tell anybody that whenever he touches me I feel so uncomfortable. The more I talk to Esme and Alice the more I realize I'm not Edward's mate. Besides I think I'm already in love with somebody else." I bite my bottom lip hard not meaning to say that last part.