I don't own Twilight but I do own most of the ideas used, but I am perfectly okay with borrowing them for a while. So I've been going back and forth on whether I was going to start uploading for this story or not. During my absent period I started working on some new stuff just to get a feel for writing again and my amazing beta, Amber, thought I should upload this story. So here y'all go. Let me know what you thing. Should I continue or just quit while I'm ahead? Bella's P.O.V. Three months ago if somebody had told me that my loving boyfriend was going to be the cause of my early demise I would have laughed in their face. I thought Edward was the love of my life, my soulmate. My my my how things can change so quickly when secrets are revealed. Flashback " Bella get down here you disgusting little freak!" I shudder as I recognize that tone. Renee isn't happy and somehow it's my fault. I try and take as much time as I can to walk downstairs because I know what's waiting for me. I hate it when she's like this because it always ends with me covered in bruises. " You better hurry the fuck up bitch. I'm not in the mood to be kept waiting." Renee growls as I see her waiting at the bottom of the stairs for me. " Yes mom," I say softly avoiding eye contact. I know how much she hates it when I look her in the eye. " Do you understand how much you ruin my life?! Ever since you were born you've been nothing but one problem after another!" She shouts as she delivers a painful slap. I grasp my cheek forcing myself to hold back tears. By now I've learned to not ask what I did wrong. That only seems to upset her even more. " I was lucky enough to find a man that would marry me even though I'm saddled with a freak like you for a "daughter", and now I can't even travel with him because of you!" She yells as she slaps me again. " I….I'm sorry….." I mumble as my vision starts to blur from the tears welling up in my eyes. " I don't want your fucking apology I want you to disappear so I can finally fucking have a life." She hisses as she slaps me again. " I can always go leave with my dad." I mumble hoping that's a solution she would be happy with. I stand in silence as I wait for another slap to be delivered. "Hmm that might be the best idea you've ever had in your pathetic excuse of a life." She says causing me to sigh in relief. " Pack all of your shit. I'm calling Charlie and getting you on the first plane out of here and out of my life." Renee says as she takes off back into the kitchen. I waste no time running upstairs and packing all of my stuff. I thought I would have to wait another year to finally get out of this house of hell. I hope living with Charlie isn't this bad. End flashback I've been living with Charlie for a few months now and honestly I didn't think my life could get worse than Renee, but I was so wrong. I thought I was lucky to have fallen "in love" with the handsome Edward Cullen, but he was worse than Renee because he made me trust him. I let my walls down because I thought he actually loved me, but I was so very wrong. Everything changed the day he found out about my condition. I thought that because he was a vampire he would understand something being forced on you that you can't control, but clearly not. He and most of his family went from the loving family I always wanted to being the cold and heartless that you read about in books. The only ones who were actively nice to me on a daily basis were Alice and Emmett. I know Esme tried, but Carlisle was more controlling than he originally came off to be...…. Flashback It had taken months but I finally felt like I was ready to tell the Cullen's my secret. We were all sitting in the living room enjoying a family evening. " I….ummm….there's something I would like to tell all of you." I say nervously as all the attention in the room turns to focus on me. " Is there something wrong love?" Edward asks in concern with a faint smile. That was the smile I fell in love with. The smile that helped keep my nightmares away every time I closed my eyes. " There's nothing wrong per say. It's just that there's something I've been hiding from all of you, and I'm tired of hiding." I sigh as I start fidgeting with my fingers. I really wish I had Alice's power so I could see how they would all react. As if on cue Alice gasps as she's sucked into a vision. I feel dread settle in my heart when Edward releases an angry growl as he glares at me. " You're a fucking freak!" Edward growls causing me to flinch back in fear for the first time since we met. I knew he wouldn't be happy, but I thought he would at least hear me out. " Edward, please don't….." I don't even have time to finish my sentence before the back of his hand meets my cheek.. I feel my cheek crack from his shocking blow. " You don't have the right to speak anymore." He growls as he attempts to slap me again but is quickly like stopped by Emmett. " I understand that you're upset right now Edward, but that doesn't give you the right to abuse her." Emmett growls as I watch Alice back him up. " Stay the fuck out of this Emmett. This freak is unfortunately my mate so I can do with her what I damn well please!" He growls as he quickly pulls away from Emmett and turns back to me. " Is this why you really moved to Forks? You've always said your mother never wanted you is this why?" Edward continues to yell as I look at the others for help. " Yes," I whisper softly as Edward growls yet again. I feel Edward wrap his hand around my neck as I'm suddenly pressed into a wall. " Edward!" Esme yells as I feel his hand starting to tighten around my throat. "Please stop before you kill her!" Esme shouts, yet doesn't actually do anything to stop him and help me. " From the sounds of it I'd be doing her a favor!" Edward growls as I feel myself starting to black out. Suddenly I feel air rush into my lungs as Edward hand is forcefully removed. " I don't give a damn if you're her mate or not I won't stand here and watch you hurt my little sister." Emmett growls as he maintains his chokehold on Edward. " Emmett, that's enough. I can see that tempers are running high right now and maybe we all just need time to process. Edward, how about you take Bella home." Carlisle says clearly not paying attention to anything that just happened. " No, I'll take Bella home. Edward you stay the hell away from her." Alice says as she quickly rushes to my side and ushers me out of the house. " Just remember Bella you and I still have unfinished business to attend too." Those are the last words I heard from Edward for weeks. I knew he was planning something I just never knew how far he would take it. That was almost of month ago. Edward would always find some way to keep me on edge while at school. I've never seen so much hatred directed at me from eyes that used to look at me with love. Emmett and Alice did their best to protect me, but even so Edward always found a way around them. Rosalie and Jasper I can understand both of them keeping their distance, but I thought Carlisle and Esme cared about me, but clearly that's not the case. Whenever I ask about Esme, Alice and Emmett get a sad look on their faces. I can tell that this is a bad situation for everybody involved and I feel horrible because it's all my fault. Renee is right I've been nothing but a problem since the day I was born…. If I was truly smart I would have taken all of those glares Edward sent me as a clear sign that he no longer held any kind of love for me in his heart. Again if I was smart I wouldn't have followed him out to the middle of the woods alone knowing full well I couldn't escape him if I tried. "Hello Bella," Edward says with more venom than I'm used to hearing when he says my name. Before it used to roll off his tongue to fluidly it would make my knees weak. Now it causes a chill to run down my spine in the worst way imaginable. "Why are we out here Edward? Are you finally ready to talk?" I know the answer to both questions, but I want him to confirm them for me. I'm trying to be strong already having a bit of a feeling as to which direction this conversation is going to go, but if I'm going to die that's the least he can do. "My family and I are leaving. We all decided that we couldn't risk our reputations by being associated with the resident freak whose own mother didn't want her." I feel my heart crack as his words destroy what little self-esteem I had left. I thought Alice, Emmett, and maybe Esme still loved me…...what happened? "Edward…..I know you're not happy with me, but please don't do this." I cry softly as I will my tears not to fall. I know my pleas are falling on deaf ears. He's not going to change his mind because he's just as cold as my mother. "Are you begging now Bella? Is that what you used to do when your mommy would beat you? You know when you first told me about Renee I hated her guts for ever laying a finger on you, but now I can see why. You're just such a fucking disappointment to everybody that crosses your pathetic path." I clench my hands at my side as his words tear into me. I don't even have any words to defend myself because what he's saying is probably true. "Surely you don't mean that Edward. I'm sorry for not telling you sooner, but I was afraid! I'm sure you can understand that. Isn't that why you didn't tell me about you being a vampire?" I watch as Edward advances on me slowly. I quickly realize that this is probably the end for me and I can't say I'm surprised really. "Don't you dare compare me to you! I'm a monster by nurture, but you're a freak by nature. Now Bella I want you to remember that nobody is going to ever truly love a freak like you. I was the best you were going to get seeing as how I'm unfortunately your mate, but not even I can continue to deal with that so I'm going to deal with you. Permanently….." I close my eyes as I see him cock his fist back. So this is how it ends….. Jane's P.O.V. I've been alive for over two centuries and that already feels way too long to me. I truly do love being a part of the Elite Volturi guard because regardless of what outsiders say we're like a family. It's just