Chapter One Disclaimer/Warning: THIS IS AN ADULT FIC! Please, direct your pure, underage eyes elsewhere children! Run away! No, but for real. If you're not both over the age of eighteen and mature enough to enjoy adult entertainment, scram. Also, I in no way, shape, or form, have any claim on Harry Potter or any of its associated properties. Not even one... Boo Hoo! Harry groaned as he returned to the land of the living far earlier than he would have liked. As awareness began to return to him, he identified the cause of his abrupt awakening. Rubbing the sleep from his eyes, Harry sat up and looked down, annoyed, at the figure in his lap who'd been tugging on his ear. Irritation at having had his sleep disturbed mixing with a knowing-anxiety at what the little figure wanted, fourteen year old Harry James Potter, famous orphan and wand waving wizard extraordinaire, let out an aggravated huff. Then, trying to focus his spectacle-free, emerald-green eyes on the disturber, he asked, "Wazzit Bell? It's like, not even four in the morning yet. What's the problem?" The tiny fairy, dubbed by Harry as 'Bell', seemed to be aptly named for she had a distinct likeness to the fictional storybook character Tinker Bell. However, unlike her Disney lookalike, this tiny fairy had shorter blue hair, not blonde, and instead of a green dress to cover her modesty, Bell was completely nude. Her skin was a light, cream color, but her ink-black eyes and the smattering of blue freckles across her nose served to further differentiate her from the storybook fairy. As he enjoyed the way her tiny blue nipples stood at attention in the cool night air, Harry remembered how mortified he'd been two weeks ago when she had suddenly appeared while he'd been rubbing one out in his bedroom at the Dursleys. One second he'd been admiring the curves of the lovely Lisa Ann, and the next the fairy's tiny form was there, perched precariously on top of his Johnson. Unfortunately for Bell, Mt. Potter's eruption had already been triggered, and the butterfly-winged woman soon found herself shot into the air and across the room, where she finally made an undignified, sticky, landing. Luckily for Harry this was, as he soon found out, the normal way in which her kind entered the world. He would end up learning quite a lot that night, not only about his tiny companion, but also about himself. Flapping her baby-blue butterfly wings, Bell lifted herself into the air until she was hovering at eye level with the young Potter, allowing for her perpetually soaked pussy lips to be seen, and said, "I think you know, Master." Indeed he did know, as he was unlikely to forget the conversation that'd played out just two weeks ago in this very room. As Harry idly mulled over what would prove to be the most important decision he'd ever make, he allowed his thoughts to drift a little, remembering the conversation that'd taken place here just a fortnight ago… " OH-MY-GOD! I am sooo sorry! I was just, uh, well, ya know. Where'd you come from? Are you okay? Merlin this is embarrassing!" Harry was saying before he tripped, trying to both pull up his pants and walk over and see if the strange fairy was okay at the same time. Hitting the ground, Harry sucked in a pained breath and closed his eyes as he felt his elbow slide against the carpet, giving him instant rug burn. Pushing the pain away, Harry opened his eyes when he heard an alarmed, "eep!" from the small figure in front of him. Standing on the floor just a foot away from him was the blue haired fairy, looking quite concerned for him, which he thought was downright saintly seeing as how she was still covered in his cum. Harry opened his mouth to apologize, but the tinkling voice of his visitor cut him off. " Master! Are you okay, Master?" Taken aback at the odd title he was being addressed with, and the situation in general, Harry finally pulled his pants up and shifted so that he was sitting Indian style. Barely managing to keep eye-contact with the cum covered fairy, especially now that he'd noticed her nudity, Harry said, "I'm fine. It's you I'm worried about. Are you okay? And I know how rude it must seem, but I've gotta ask, who are you? Oh, and uh, do you need a towel, or a bath, or something? Gosh…" The blue-haired fairy looked at Harry strangely for a moment before she seemed to realize something. Giving a decisive nod of her head, the little being then proceeded to copy Harry's position, which he thought was kinda cute until he noticed just what the seating arrangement did to her. Harry stared dazedly at the oozing blue cunt lips which had been inadvertently parted so enticingly before him for a few seconds, before his attention was refocused by the lewd Disney-esk fairy when she started talking. " I know that you're confused, so allow me to explain. I am your Parva Dux, or your Smallguide. It is my job to educate you in all matters regarding your incubus heritage and to guide and assist you in any manner you see fit. As your Parva Dux I am-" But before the so called 'Smallguide' could continue, Harry cut her off. " Wait wait wait wait wait. What's this about me and incubus heritage or whatever? I think you've got the wrong guy, Miss, I'm a wizard." Harry's eyes widened when the fairy snorted in annoyance at being cut off and inadvertently blew a cum bubble, but the small being seemed not to notice. " No Master, I assure you that I am exactly where I am meant to be. Please, let me explain." Harry'd never been so confused in his life, and decided that he quite disliked the feeling. So, while still housing some reservations at having what was sure to be the strangest conversation of all time, Harry buckled down and decided to let the lady talk; he hoped that something she said would bring some sense back into a scene which he could only describe as pure madness. The fairy's annoyance seemed to be quelled by the young wizard's attention, and she gave him a small smile before continuing. " Like I said, I am your Smallguide. Each of your species, upon reaching their fourteenth birthday and proving their sexual maturity via ejaculation, is gifted by one of my kind in order to help guide them down the path of self-discovery. You, Harry James Potter, are a very rare type of incubus, known as a Choiceling." Unable to keep his burning curiosity under wraps, Harry never the less managed to raise his hand instead of blurting his questions out and interrupting the fairy once again. As she gave an amused smile and nodded at him, Harry absently wondered how crazy he looked; pants unbuttoned, raising his hand to ask a tiny naked woman with butterfly wings, who was still covered in his baby batter, a question, on the floor, with a skinned up elbow. He wanted to laugh at the absurdity of it all, but instead asked, "I don't understand though, if I'm supposed to be like you say, why's it that everybody tells me that my mum and dad were regular wizards? Or is this a common thing Miss… uh, actually what was your name again? Sorry, M' kinda forgetful." Blinking, the fairy responded with, "Oh, no, that's okay. You didn't forget; as your Smallguide, you have to name me. As for your other questions, it's not surprising that people thought that your parents were normal folk, even they thought they were. But no, your mum's something-times great grandma was a full-blooded succubus, which didn't mean much for the Evans line until one of em wound up being born with magic. That didn't actually make your mum a succubus, by the way, it just meant that any offspring of hers, s'long as they were sired by a magical being too, would reawaken the genes. Like I said earlier, you're not a regular incubus yourself. 'Cause all your mum's succubus DNA or whatever was dormant, you're what's called a Choiceling. There are a few differences between you n' a full-blooded incubus. What do you know about incubi anyway?" Harry, not convinced that he was anything of the sort despite his willingness to converse with the fairy, listed the little he did know about the seductive demons of legend. " Well, not much really. I've only ever heard of em when people talk about succubuses, but apparently they're pretty much the same, just male instead of female. I'm pretty sure that they're supposed to seduce women into having their babies or something like that, but that's really all I know about em'." The as-of-yet unnamed fairy nodded, having expected about as much from the fourteen year old. Seeing that he was done, she responded. " Yes, that's the limit of most people's knowledge on the subject. And it's succubi, by the way. Anyway, you're basically correct. Not actually demons as many legends tend to depict them, Incubi and their female counterparts are intelligent magical beings who are native to the Mediterranean. Despite their reputations, incubi and succubi actually only seduce humans, usually magicals as a coupling with a non-magical partner yields normal muggle children, under extreme circumstances. Typically living alone amongst their own kind in small colonies, they only use their seductive talents as a means to supplement their numbers in the aftermath of a sudden drop in their population; which is usually caused by great conflicts or natural disasters." Harry had subconsciously slipped back into student mode at some point in the fairy's impromptu lesson, mentally recording everything she said and slowly losing his doubts due to her confident nature as her lecture continued on. " There are many differences between a normal incubus, or succubus for that matter, and a Choiceling such as yourself. For example, while they are magical beings, a regular incubus could never do wand magic. There are physical differences between the two as well, namely your lack of a tail and wings." Harry spared a quick moment to feel thankful about that fact, but was quickly drawn back in when the lesson continued. " The main difference, however, is in the mating habits." Harry gulped and listened on. " In a typical colony, succubi and incubi are born with a predisposition that heavily influences who they chose to mate with; magic's way of keeping the low-population species' genes diverse enough for healthy decedents. Their partnerships are life-long, and a typical couple will have an average of two offspring. These factors help influence incubi and succubi away from just seeking out magical partners and bolstering their numbers." Harry, wanting to clarify something, asked with a questioning lilt, "So let me get this straight. Incubi and succubi normally are born wanting, and go on to, pair off with one another, and have incubi or succubi kids. But, when the population of one of their colonies drops too low, they will ignore their instincts and seek out a bunch of magical lovers to quickly replace their lost numbers? So, the children they have with normal wizards and witches turn out as full-blooded incubi and succubi, but if they go at it with a muggle, their kids'll be muggles too, but with deactivated magical genes. Then, if one of the descendants of that kid is a muggle-born witch or wizard, and has a kid with another witch or wizard, their kid will be a Choiceling, like me? Is that what you're saying?" Delighted surprise shone on the blue-haired girl's face as she answered the boy wizard's inquiries. " Exactly, Master!" Harry wanted to give a sarcastic remark at how ridiculous the whole thing sounded, but found himself abandoning the action as, despite