A.N. Recognizable characters do not belong to me- they belong to J.K. Rowling. "Remus..." The soft sound tickled in his ear as he climbed the stairs. It was very early in the morning, and Remus Lupin was exhausted. He had just passed the study on his way to his rooms in search of a bath and his bed. His senses, however, were still highly tuned to his wolf levels, given that the moon had just waned a short time ago, and he heard the whisper as loudly as if it had been shouted. His heartbeat sped up as he retreated, his feet moving towards the door to the study, knowing that he should continue up the stairs and pretend he hadn't heard anything. Remus had caught her scent as soon as he entered the house, and knew that once again, Nymphadora had spent the night to make sure he was ok the morning after the full moon. She had her own rooms upstairs, her cousin Sirius had seen to that. Other than Sirius, one of his oldest friends, Dora was the only other member of the Order who came to headquarters in the days leading up to and directly after the full moon. "Remus," the murmur came again, this time followed by a soft moan, and he felt his blood pulse in his veins. He stepped closer to her, drawn by her whispers and her scent, and found he couldn't fight his attraction. Not now. He was too tired from fighting the wolf. When he rounded the edge of the sofa and got a good look at her, he froze. His heart thumped painfully in his chest as he took in the spiky, sleep-tousled pink hair and the serene expression on her face, allowing his eyes to linger for a moment on her lips. He drank in the sight of her, noticing that her cheeks were flushed and her breathing slightly ragged. His nostrils flared as he picked up a deeper, primal scent. As he took another step closer, he forced his eyes away from her face, only to stop again when he noticed her hands. One arm was tucked up under her head, acting as a pillow, making him smile. When he swept his gaze to the other, he sucked in a sharp breath. Dora liked to sleep in old, worn, t-shirts, and tonight was no exception. He was used to the sight, as she often spent the night when she didn't have to work the next morning. The two of them, sometimes joined by her cousin, had passed many mornings in friendly companionship over tea and breakfast. Tonight, though, her shirt was drawn tight against her body. Her arm was draped over her side, and her hand was curled next to her breast. As he watched, she shifted slightly, and her breast fell into the palm of her hand. Her fingers trailed over the small rise of her chest, and she sighed. Remus found that he couldn't look away, and his mouth opened in a groan when her fingers settled a hardened nipple. Remus was sure that Dora was still asleep and he knew he shouldn't still be there. He shouldn't be watching this. He tried to tell himself to back away, but his feet stubbornly remained planted. He groaned again as she moaned softly and squeezed the sensitive bud under her fingers. The wolf was still too close to the surface, and Remus the man finally acknowledged what Remus the wolf already knew. Nymphadora, his Dora, was the mate his soul begged for. Accepting what the wolf was trying to say, Remus finally stepped away from the sofa. He closed and locked the door to the study quietly, and cast a silencing charm on the room before making his way back to the sleeping witch. Remus returned to her side and said a silent prayer that Sirius would sleep in that morning, a wry smile tugging at his lips. As he knelt beside the sofa, Dora moaned again, and rolled onto her back. The hand that had been moments ago fondling her breast was flung up by her head, and when she settled again, it was resting against the arm of the sofa. Her other hand had slipped across her belly, lightly skimming the skin revealed there before settling just under her breasts. When she had rolled, the blanket she had covered herself was kicked low, and Remus moaned quietly when he saw that she preferred to sleep in only her knickers. He knew he shouldn't look, but he couldn't help noticing that white cotton was covered in tiny red strawberries. One pale thigh rested against the back of the sofa, and Remus drew in a sharp breath as her scent became stronger. Finally, she settled back into sleep, looking more comfortable and far more erotic than she had any right to be. His gaze lifted and lingered hungrily on her face again, and his fingers itched to touch her. Her lips quirked slightly, and he grinned in response to the tiny smile that had flashed across her face. Remus sat back on his haunches, watching her sleep and wondered how she had managed to sneak into his heart. Giving up, he instead tried to convince himself to be honorable. As wolf instinct battled gentlemanly upbringing, he took stock of himself. His loins had begun to ache, and with a start, he realized the bulge between his thighs was threatening the poorly mended seam of his trousers. His heart was beating harder than it had in a long time, and his throat felt constricted. He tried to swallow to ease the tightness, and gulped instead. The sound echoed loudly in his ears, but Dora didn't seem to hear him. His fingers ached, eager to touch her, and he finally leaned closer. "Remus," the whisper came again, throatier this time. "She's dreaming, you lug. Calm down," he scolded himself silently when his pulse sped faster. Still trying to resist the urges he was feeling, Lupin watched as Dora's hand cupped a breast. With a groan, he realized then that there would be no turning back. Remus drew in a long, slow breath and tried to settle his nerves. When his breathing evened out, he reached out his hand. His fingers skimmed lightly over her belly, and he was struck by the softness of her skin. He flattened his hand gently, and breathed deep again as he tried to calm the blood thundering in his ears. Dora hadn't reacted to his presence yet, and he didn't want to startle her. He slowly lifted his hand from her belly, and brought it up to cup a cheek. "Dora," he whispered, as he leaned closer and nuzzled his chin into her shoulder. She shifted a bit, but didn't wake, so he whispered her name again, and pressed his lips to her cheek. He slipped his lips slowly along her jaw line until he had reached her ear and growled "Nymphadora" into it before tugging at her earlobe with his teeth. A sharp gasp rewarded his efforts, and he felt her stiffen before he released her ear and sat back. He slowly raised his eyes to hers, afraid of what he might see. This close to her, he could see the violet flecks deep within the brown and swallowed nervously. Her eyes were still cloudy from sleep and he watched as she blinked a couple times to wake herself up. When she met his gaze, she watched him quietly while her jagged breathing slowed. "What're you doing here, Remus?" she asked. Her voice was shaky, and the quiet tone struck something inside him. "She doesn't want this," he thought, looking away as he tried to get his feet under him. He had started to stand when a small hand shot out and twisted in his robes. Unable to meet her gaze again, he stared instead at the dainty fingers gripping him so tightly. The nails, he saw, were painted a charming deep purple. "I said, what're you doing here, Remus?" Nymphadora was mostly sitting up now, her weight balanced on an elbow, and her voice had settled. The tone was low but warm, and Remus risked a glance at her face. His eyes met hers and he hesitated before opening his mouth. "Dora," he growled in a low voice. "Dora." It came out as whisper, ragged and soft and full of emotion, and Remus stood there, unable to string more words together. He decided instead to show her, and knelt again before he leaned forward. Her pupils dilated as he kept his eyes on hers, and she drew in a breath just before their lips met. He watched as her eyes drifted closed, and then gave himself up to the feeling, letting his own lids shut. He kept the pressure soft and light as he explored her lips with his. The kiss seemed to last forever, and Remus felt himself relaxing as he took in her taste and scent. They had kissed before, but Dora had always initiated it. Remus had been afraid to allow his feelings to show. But just this once, he wasn't worried that he was too old, too dangerous for her. Just this once, he wanted to show her what she truly meant to him. Finally, he drew back, and opened his eyes. Dora was still leaning on an elbow, and looked as if she would fall over as her head drifted to follow his retreat. Her eyes fluttered open slowly and Remus was surprised to see that they had deepened to a smoky violet color. As he watched, a soft smile spread across her lips. Remus didn't speak- his heart had slowed in his chest and he couldn't think straight. "That was bloody marvelous" kept repeating on a loop as he held her gaze. Neither said a word for a moment, and Remus became aware of an ache in his knees. He was still kneeling next to the sofa, and with a groan, he shifted. Dora scrambled up, and made room on the sofa for him, and he sighed gratefully as he sat in comfort. Unwilling to let his aches ruin the mood, he turned to face her and cupped her head in his hand. He pulled her closer and met her lips with his. This kiss was deeper, the pressure more insistent, and he moaned as he felt her tongue slip between his lips. His other hand gripped her hip and he dragged her across his body to straddle his lap, and he tore his mouth away from hers so he could taste the soft skin of her throat. Dora groaned softly as he nipped a trail down from her ear, and he smiled to himself before setting his teeth into the soft skin where her neck met her shoulder and nibbling gently. The hand at her waist slipped to her side and dove under the thin cotton shirt, stroking her skin. Dora moaned into his ear and leaned into his touch, dropping her forehead to his shoulder as he soothed the skin of her throat with gentle kisses. Remus had just slipped his other hand under her shirt and dipped his head lower when he felt her small, firm hand on his bare chest, settled directly over his heart. Realizing that Dora had unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it aside, he sat up and wrapped his arms tightly around her, then buried his face into her chest, reveling in the feel of her weight against him. Dora's fingers slid up his shoulders, wound their way into his hair and tugged, urging him to meet her gaze. When Remus looked up, Dora swooped down, her lips capturing his in an urgent kiss. Her tongue slipped into his mouth again, and he groaned loudly at the pleasure of her tongue dancing with his. His hands became urgent, and instead of lifting her shirt free, he tore it.