Minerva McGonagall watched as Nymphadora Tonks bolted from the infirmary wing and shook her head sadly. She shifted her gaze to Remus Lupin, and although the sight of his haggard face broke her heart, she narrowed her eyes at him. "Mr. Lupin," she said, her voice holding a hint of steel that brooked no argument from students. "I will see you in Dumbledore's office shortly." She turned on her heel and strode from the room, not allowing him a chance to reject her order. When she finally made her way to the headmaster's office, she was pleased to see that Lupin had listened to her. He rose from his spot on the floor and dusted his backside off before raising his gaze to her and offering a tentative smile. "Minerva," he said, his voice hoarse. "You wanted to speak with me?" "I did, Mr. Lupin. This won't take long, I expect you will have somewhere to be when we are through." With that, she muttered the words "Jelly beans and gum drops" and stood back as the door began to open. She swept through the opening, her thoughts racing. "It had seemed like a good idea at the time, but what if this makes it worse?" she thought, as her feet carried her up the stairs to the sitting room of the office. She could hear Remus behind her, and her resolve strengthened. "He needs to see this. He needs to understand." She made her way to the large, ornately carved desk and the pensieve that was set upon it, and felt a tremor flutter over her skin. She took a deep breath before turning to face her former student. "Remus, I have watched the pair of you dance around each other for a year, now. The girl was heartbroken when you left. She's been in the castle quite often lately, and we have spoken occasionally. I know you have your reasons," she said as she held up a hand to stop his protests. "But I want you to understand that she knows where you are coming from. Nymphadora was not in my house during her time here, but there wasn't a teacher here, save Severus, that didn't love that girl. And there wasn't a teacher here who didn't see what she dealt with on a daily basis. She was a Hufflepuff, but I would have been honored had she been a Gryffindor. Her bravery and courage she displays in her work began here at Hogwarts. Metamorphagi are rare, Remus, and feared by many because there is not much known about them." She paused, letting him process her words. Remus watched her from hooded eyes, and she had a sudden fear that maybe she was wrong, maybe he really didn't care for Nymphadora the way that she believed him to. He had yet to speak after she shushed him, and his eyes were wary as he looked past her to the pensieve. "Why did you bring me here, Minerva?" he asked, his voice low and steady. "You need to see, Remus. She is more like you than you know. She understands what it is to be an outcast over something she can't control. She understands what it is to be a target of prejudice. Remus, the girl loves you. And you… you love her as well, don't try to tell me that you don't. I just don't want to see you throw this chance away." Her voice trailed off as tears came to her eyes. She turned quickly so he wouldn't see, and leaned over the pensieve. "I have some of my own memories here of her time at Hogwarts. Children can be so very cruel, Remus. Much more cruel, sometimes, than adults." With that, she rested her wand against her temple and withdrew a few memories. She dipped the tip of the wood into the water of the pensieve and watched as the memories swirled together, then stepped back. "Please, Remus. For me. You owe it to her to try to understand." Minerva offered a gentle smile as she watched the emotions struggle for control of his face. Finally, he raised his shoulders in a gesture reminiscent of his youth, and stepped forward. He settled his hands on the rim of the pensieve and glanced once more at his former head-of-house. "Minerva," he murmured. Understanding what he could not say, she rested a hand on his shoulder. "You must do this on your own, Mr. Lupin," she said, and then pressed gently against his shoulder so that he dipped his face. Remus felt his body jerk as he fell into the pensieve, and he swept his gaze around the room. He was standing in the Great Hall, in what looked like the welcoming feast. He pressed back against the wall behind him as he glanced around, looking for anyone familiar. Hagrid was there at the head table, seated next to Flitwick. Their eyes were focused on the great doors that had just opened. At the head of a column of young, eager, nervous eleven-year-olds strode a younger looking Minerva McGonagall, her head held high, the robes of Gryffindor fluttering behind her. His eyes roved the students clustered behind her, and he felt his heart jump in his chest as a flash of pink caught his eye. "Dora," he murmured, a soft smile tugging at his lips as he watched her excited gaze dance around the room. Suddenly, she stumbled, and he moved to catch her before he realized it. Unfortunately, no one else did, and the small girl crashed to the floor. Her hair immediately flared a bright red in her embarrassment and she struggled to her feet. None of the children near her came to her aid, and Remus felt anger well up inside of him. Instead of helping her, several of the brats stepped away and formed a loose circle, their giggles and whispers hidden behind hands. Remus glanced around the room and was appalled to see that most of the other, older students, had remained in their seats as well. Minerva seemed to have realized something had distracted the room, for she paused and turned to the first-years behind her. Her gaze narrowed and Remus felt a tug in his gut as the glare was then swept around the room. She began to move towards her young charge, but stopped when an orange-haired boy moved as well. He pushed his way into the circle, glaring at the children around him, then reached his hand out to Dora. "Hi," he said, his voice high-pitched and warbly. His face softened into a smile as Dora looked up at him, and he lowered his voice when he said "My name is Charlie. Charlie Weasley. I hope we're in the same house." With that, he slipped an arm around her shoulders and looked up at McGonagall. "Are we to be sorted now?" he asked, the excitement evident in his face. Minerva smiled at the pair, and nodded her head. "Indeed, we are, Mr. Weasley. I have no doubt that you will be a member of my own house," she said as she turned to continue the treck to the front of the hall. Remus continued to watch the pair of children, and felt his heart warm when Dora's lips lifted in a gentle smile. "Thank you, Charlie," she said, her voice barely reaching Remus's ears. "I'm Tonks." She grinned then, and her smile lit the room and took Remus's breath away. Suddenly, the scene changed. They were still at Hogwarts, but it seemed to be a hallway this time. Remus pressed back against the wall as a group of students made their way towards him. They were older, he would guess about fifth year, and the sound of their laughter brought a smile to his face. Three boys were grouped together, the badges on their robes indicating that they were Slytherins. "Can you imagine shagging a bird who could morph to be anything you wanted? Bigger tits, thinner thighs, flatter belly?" The boy in the center threw his arms around his mates and guffawed loudly before continuing in that vein. "Blimey, she could be a different chick every time. Want a blonde one night, a redhead the next? Hell, she could even be exotic one night. You'd get to live out every fantasy you ever had with a bird like that!" The boys with him laughed and added their own wishes to the list. Remus felt his gut twist as the implication of their words connected in his mind. "Dora," he murmured, his heart breaking as he listened to the filth the boys continued to spew. His face hardened and he felt rage well up inside him, and was suddenly very glad to be only a viewer of this memory. He wasn't sure that he could hold back if he had actually been able to lay hands on the despicable teenagers before him. The boys continued past him, their laughter echoing down the hallway, until it was suddenly cut off. Remus glanced down the hallway, then did a double take at the expression on Minerva McGonagall's face. He had never seen her look so angry, and he and his friends had been in detention with her often enough that he was familiar with her expressions. Her face was bright red, and if possible, he was sure steam would be coming from her ears. Her eyes bored into the group before her, and Remus felt his stomach clench. He almost felt sorry for them, but then their words replayed in his mind. As the professor's mouth opened, Remus took a step forward, wanting to hear her eviscerate them with her tongue, but he was swept away again. The third memory took place outside. Remus blinked as the bright sunlight cascaded over him, and it took a moment to place the beech tree beside the lake. He glanced around, but the beach was empty. He took a few steps forward, and then the sound of crying caught his attention. He glanced around again, and this time, his eyes traveled up. A small form was tucked in the tree above him. He stepped back and craned his neck as he gazed upward. His eyes caught a flash of bright blue and he knew that he had found her. Tonks's crying was soft, and he assumed she had cast a muffling charm around herelfs. He reached up and grabbed a branch, then pulled himself up until he was sitting close to her. The closer he got, the louder her sobs became, and he felt his heart twist inside his chest. "She sounds so broken," he thought to himself, and suddenly wished there was something he could do to comfort her. Just then, she shifted on the branch, and Remus almost lost his grip. Her hair was a mousy, limp brown color, so totally unlike her that he gasped in surprise. Her face was flushed, her eyes a vivid red as she tipped her head back against the tree trunk. The blue he had seen was a jumper she had clenched in her hands. The shade was familiar to him, and Remus sucked in a breath as he recognized the jumper Molly had made for him the last Christmas. He had left it at the Burrow when he'd returned to the pack; he hadn't wanted to draw attention to himself or put those he cared for at risk. "Dora," he murmured, his fingers aching to reach out and touch her. Her sobs quieted to small snuffles as she looked down at the fabric in her hands. "Oh Remus," she said, her voice mournful. "I wish you would just let me in. I wish you could see that I know what it means to be an outcast. I wish you would trust me. And trust yourself. I know that you love me, you can't hide it from me, as much as you wish you could." He