"Auror Tonks!" A deep voice bellowing her name made Nymphadora Tonks jump guiltily. She glanced at her desk and frantically waved her wand, hoping to make it appear as though she had actually been working and not daydreaming. Unfortunately, her housekeeping spells were lackluster, and before the stacks of paper could right themselves, Kingsley Shacklebot was leaning over the top of her cubicle. His bald head glinted in the glow of the overly bright candles lining the walls, and Tonks smiled at him, hoping to distract him from the mess that was her workspace. "Hullo, sir. What can I do for you?" Her supervisor grunted as his eyes scanned the cubicle, then chuckled when he saw the piles of reports scattered all over the desk top. "Well, first, officer, you can get this workspace cleaned up and respectable. This is a place of serious business, and your cubicle looking like teenage boy's dorm room does not fit with that image. Second, I need a word with you. See me in my office in twenty minutes." Before she could respond, the head disappeared and Tonks could hear his footsteps fading down the hallway. She sat back in her chair and glared balefully at the mess on her desk. "A teenaged boy's dorm room? HA! This is what MY dorm room looked like." Tonks continued to mutter under her breath as she straightened up the stack. She had just organized the first pile when a memo plane hit her in the back of the head. Confused, she scooped it up and unfolded it. Seconds later, she was biting her tongue to keep from simultaneously shouting in annoyance and laughing uncontrollably. Remember, Tonks, Constant Vigilance! What would Mad-Eye say if he saw your desk like that? Or your mother? In my office in twenty – K. Shacklebot. She scribbled a hasty reply and sent the memo on its way. By the time her allotted twenty minutes were up, her cubicle was much more orderly, and it would have to do. She scooped up her notepad and quick-quote quill, tucked her wand in her pocket and stuck her "out of office" tag on the outside wall of her cubicle, then made her way down the hall. She heard voices coming from Kingsley's office and tripped, knocking over a potted plant as she placed the second voice. "Well, it's good to see that hasn't changed, then," came a grizzled, heavily accented Scottish brogue that was all too familiar to the young auror. Tonks quickly righted the plant and was just standing when a clumping sound announced the arrival of one Mad-Eye Moody, the most fearsome auror to have ever served the department. He also happened to have been her mentor through training. "What are you doing here, Mad-Eye? Don't you have fishing to be doing or something?" Tonks grumbled as she glared at her friend. She stepped into Kingsley's office and kept her gaze on Moody as she stepped around a second potted plant. Making it unscathed to the visitor's chair, she dropped into it and crossed one booted foot over her knee, clasped her hands in her lap and leaned back as she took in the sight before her. "You look well, at least," she said, smiling. "Retirement suits you, I think." "Ha, lass, you don't know the half of it." Mad-Eye stumped over and took the empty seat beside her, grunting softly as his old and battered body settled into the uncomfortable chair. "How is it, then," she asked gently. He had been through an ordeal recently, and Tonks hadn't had as much time as she would have liked to check in on him, even if he himself didn't think he needed checking on. The blue eye swiveled towards her, and Tonks was careful to keep her face neutral. She cared for Moody, as a friend and mentor, and even looked at him as a pseudo-father figure. She knew he looked at her with feelings beyond mentor/student, as well, but he would never admit them out loud, especially to her. It was important to him to project an indestructible image, and Tonks respected him enough to keep the concern for his well-being to herself. "Well enough, lass. Well enough. We aren't here to talk about me, though." With a nod at Kingsley, he shifted to face her in his seat. Tonks shot a glance over his shoulder and narrowed her eyes when she saw Kingsley muttering charms and closing his office door. He gave the knob an experimental tug, was apparently satisfied, and made his way to his own chair behind the large, empty desk. He sat down and steepled his fingers over his chest before returning her gaze. He nodded slightly and tipped his head towards Moody, indicating that it was Moody's show. Feeling slightly confused, she narrowed her eyes even more and turned to face her mentor. "What's going on, Mad-Eye?" "Well, lass, it's a long story. You're astute enough to notice that this office is soundproofed, aye?" Tonks nodded, so he continued. "What do you know about the Order of the Phoenix, lass?" Tonks's brow furrowed as she dug through her memory. Suddenly, an image came to mind, and her breathing quickened as one face in particular stuck out. "Sirius," she breathed in a shaky whisper. She looked from Moody to Kingsley, a question on her face, but neither said a word. She drew in a deep breath to calm herself and returned her attention to the grizzled, war-scarred man next to her. "The Order of the Phoenix was a group put together by Albus Dumbledore during the war to fight against the Dark Lord and his followers. My cousin was part of that group with his friends. The Potters, you, the Prewett twins and others. The group was disbanded after the night Harry Potter survived because the Dark Lord was gone." She paused, her thoughts racing and jumbling together in her mind. Neither Moody nor Kingsley had said anything; they were both watching her through narrowed eyes. "Does this have anything to do with the tournament?" Tonks asked, her brain making connections even when her emotions were going haywire. She was looking at her supervisor when she asked the question, and caught a twitch near his lips as he tried to hide a smile. "It does, doesn't it? I knew that Potter kid was telling the truth! That poor Diggory boy. He didn't stand a chance, did he?" Tonks felt her face heat as the anger took root. She had been reading the statements put out by the ministry since, and had been mortified at some of the things said about Albus Dumbledore in the weeks since the boy's death. She stood suddenly, needing to expend some of the frustrated energy buzzing around her head, but was stopped by Moody's hand. "Sit, lass, sit down. There's nowhere to pace in here, and we have things we need to tell you that need to stay in this room." Tonks looked down at her friend and nodded, feeling some of the rage dissipate when she saw the proud expression on his face. She threw herself back in her chair and leaned forward, bracing her elbows on her knees as she gave her full attention the Mad-Eye. "Are you telling me that Dumbledore is reconvening the order? Last time, the Order was sanctioned by the ministry. If the ministry doesn't believe that the Dark Lord is back, I take it we are doing this without their knowledge?" She was interrupted by a chuckle from across the room and turned to face her boss. "What?" "Oh nothing, Tonks, I'm just impressed." "With what?" "You said "we", Tonks. You don't even know what's being asked, and you're in already." "Well, you were going to ask, right?" Her tone was low, almost daring him to deny the accusation. "Of course we were, but damn, Tonks. You could have at least let us finish the explanation." "Ah, come off it, Kingsley. She was my protégé. I chose her for a reason, and it wasn't because she had a pretty face. She's got a quick mind, and even quicker reflexes. Now, can we get on with it, then?" Moody's voice was gruff by the time he was done chastising Kingsley. He turned back to Tonks and huffed a breath, then met her gaze with his good eye. "You'd be a right asset, Nymphadora. You're smart, quick on your feet, tough and brave. You're clumsy as hell, but you're right steady when you need to be. Your training will come in handy, but so will your abilities. We need people we can trust within the ministry, especially if Fudge is going to continue to spew this filth about Dumbledore and Potter. The ministry is burying its head in the sand about this, and the Order is needed now more than ever. You'd be a hell of a force for us, Nymphadora, and I don't say that lightly." Tonks was sure her eyes resembled dinner plates by the time Moody was done speaking. He had never given her a compliment before, let alone a whole slew of them at once. She was too dumbfounded to speak, and tore her gaze away to look across the desk. Her eyes took in the sight of Kingsley's surprised face, and she giggled. "Well, at least I'm not the only one surprised ," she thought to herself as she clapped a hand over her mouth. She turned back to face Mad-Eye and struggled to get her features under control. She felt her cheeks flush red as she processed what he had said to her, and was sure she was looking rather pleased with herself when he grunted and turned his head away from her. "Aye, lass, I know. But I meant every damn word of it. Get your head around it, we need an answer." He stood and waved his hand at the office door, before turning back to face her. "If you're in, I expect I will see you later this evening. Kingsley, send word, aye?" With a last grunt of farewell, he strode from the room as fast as his wooden leg would allow. "Well, Tonks, how did that feel?" Kingsley's deep voice broke her concentration, and she looked up at her boss with a small smile on her face. "I always knew he liked to hassle me. I never knew he liked me that much, though. Do you think it hurt when he said all those nice things about me?" Tonks' words ended on a laugh, and she doubled over as the sound of her enjoyment bubbled up. A few seconds later, a deeper, more musical tone joined hers, and the aurors laughed together for a few moments as the tension melted away. Tonks finally got herself under control and dragged her chair closer to the desk. She glanced at the door of the office, which still hung open after Moody's hasty exit, and grinned. She waved her wand at it and nodded her head when the door slammed shut. She muttered her own soundproofing charm and turned back to face her boss. "All right then," she said, her voice clear and steady. "Let's get to it. What do you need from me, sir?" "Hold on, Tonks, slow down. I want you to understand the risks here first. I know you're single, but you do have a family to think about. And this will be in addition to your auror duties. If you do this, you can't let on to anyone in the department that you've picked up extra work. You will still be responsible for all your assignments and reports." That last word was accompanied by a pointed look, and Tonks sighed and leaned back in her chair. "I can handle it, sir. I know my desk doesn't help my case at all, but I'm telling you, I can handle it. I can handle the extra work, and I