Disclaimer: The original concept, plot and characters used in this piece of fiction belong to J. K. Rowling. I only own the original plotlines that appear on this piece of fiction, from which I am not making any profit whatsoever. Enjoy the chapter and make sure to read the A/N at the end. Chapter one: Benevolent Venom " I will never forget to wash my teeth again." For some reason, that was the first thing that Harry Potter thought the moment he impaled Slytherin's Basilisk through the roof of its mouth with the Sword of Gryffindor. It was understandable if one considered that he was standing less than one feet away, and directly in front, of the gaping mouth of the sixty-foot-long King of Serpents. Its breath was foul, like rotten eggs dipped in vinegar and gasoline and Harry blanched at the odor. That was when he became aware of the fact that he had also impaled one of the basilisk fangs into his forearm and he hissed sharply in pain as the nerves of his arm were brushed directly by the wicked teeth of the mighty snake. To Harry's adrenaline fueled brain never occurred to simply release the Sword of Gryffindor and pull back his arm. The sword had saved his life -and that of everyone else, so he was not about to leave it in the mouth of the monster. So, Harry, with gritted teeth and another hiss of pain, pulled his arm back with all his might. "Bloody shite!" There was a crack of something breaking and Harry stumbled back, sword still firmly grasped in his right hand. Harry then watched as the basilisk fell forward with a resounding thud, most likely dead the moment Harry had pierced its brain. Then, when the black-haired boy noticed that the pain from his forearm had not diminished even a slightly bit, he risked a look down to his forearm and groaned. The fang was still impaled there. And it bloody hurt like a son of a bitch. Harry wanted the damned pain to go away so he reached towards the fang and wrapped his left hand around it, and taking a deep breath, he pulled with all his might. The fang came off with a wet 'squelch' and a splatter of red liquid he recognized as blood and a black substance that had to be the basilisk's venom. While Harry noticed this, he didn't notice a few tiny droplets of venom that jumped towards his face and magically landed directly on his scar. He surely didn't notice when the black drops, instead of trailing down his face like normal liquid, began to fill his red glowing scar until he had a black thunderbolt on the right side of his forehead. He did notice when it began to burn and he was forced to his knees because of the pain, the Sword of Gryffindor being the only thing that kept him from falling on the floor face first as he refused to drop it even in this circumstances. Because he was screaming in agony he didn't hear a more ethereal, pained and deeper shriek of anguish. The memory of Tom Marvolo Riddle watched with fascinated wide eyes as a black substance began to leak out of Harry's scar and the memory felt unease as it watched. It had been rendered deeply shocked when it saw Harry Potter slaying the basilisk with a sword and it couldn't find the sense to move and do something to dispose of Harry before he became truly a threat to Lord Voldemort's plans. The memory suddenly felt a deep pain on its being and then there was a sense of loss… of incompleteness. The eyes of the memory widened further as it realized what had happened. Harry Potter had housed another part of it and it had been destroyed somehow. But, how was Harry Potter a horcrux, when only inanimate objects could be used as such? And what happened just now that another part of Lord Voldemort had been destroyed? The memory wondered, forgetting about the current situation. That proved to be its downfall. Harry groaned hoarsely and he pushed himself up with the aid of the Sword if Gryffindor and he stumbled to his feet, hissing when a sharp pain made itself known on his ankle, but he found that ignoring it was a piece of cake when he compared it through what he had just gone through. He had felt like his head had been dropped in boiling water, kept in there for hours and then just as suddenly it was pulled out only to be dropped in soothing cold water. The pain had gone as soon as it had come and there was something all over his face that smell fouler than the basilisk's breath. It made Harry want to take a thousand and one showers. Twisting his head in the direction of the one that caused all that happened, Harry began to limp towards him, idly aware of how with each step it became easier to walk as his leg tingled warmly with what he knew was his magic. Harry also felt his right hand tingling as it tightened around the Sword of Gryffindor but he ignored it in favor of glaring towards the memory of Tom Riddle a.k.a. Lord Voldemort. The harsh screech of metal scrapping stone met the memory's ears and it turned towards the sound only for it to gasp and take a step back, suddenly feeling fear for its 'life'. Harry Potter, his face matted black from the remnants of the horcrux and his glowing green eyes glaring with hate directly at him, was limping towards the memory. The dead basilisk at his side, unmoving, only added to the image seeing as it had been Harry who had killed it with the sword he held on his hand. The memory raised its right hand and pointed Harry's own wand at him. "Don't take another step forward, Potter!" It shouted, cursing inwardly at the stammer on its voice. Lord Voldemort only feared death itself. It was unbecoming of a part of his to not share that fear only. So why did it think that this puny twelve-year-old kid meant its death if it reached it? Harry paid no heed to the warning and continued limping until he reached the prone Ginny and the dairy that was at her side and was also what was channeling the memory of the dark lord. His eyes narrowed as he leaned down slowly and picked up of the dairy. The memory had said that it was using Ginny's magic to become able to interact with the physical world and that the dairy was what kept it anchored to the world. Harry knew what to do. The memory's eyes filled with panic as it saw Harry with the dairy in his hand. "What are you doing, Potter?!" Harry glared hard at the memory, peening it in place with his suddenly intimidating gaze. "I will make sure you don't threaten anyone again, Tom Marvolo Riddle," spoke Harry with hatred for the man that had murdered his parents. While the real Tom Riddle was hiding somewhere after he had purged him from Quirrel during the Philosopher's Stone fiasco, this memory of his was as good as any to let out his anger and hatred at. But he needed to get rid of it. Anything related to Voldemort needed to disappear as it could only be used to cause pain and suffering. Without hesitating, Harry flicked his wrist and the dairy was hurled upwards, its pages opening with the careless motion as it went up, reached its peak and began to fall. Harry gripped the Sword of Gryffindor with both hands and when the diary was in front of him he swung the sword at it, separating it neatly in half through the spine. The memory watched this with wide eyes as Harry's wand fell from its suddenly limp fingers. "No…" It muttered with a harsh whisper. "No. No! NO!" The crazed repeating of the word continued until the memory was screaming in despair, outrage and hatred. It turned towards Harry with the murderous black eyes of a sixteen-year-old Tom Riddle. "Do you know what you have done?!" Harry matched the glare of the memory with his own but said nothing. He had said everything he had wanted to say and there was no need to further speak to the remnant of the past of his parents' killer. At Harry's lack of response, the face of the memory contorted into an ugly expression of pure hatred and it seemed ready to launch itself towards Harry but it suddenly paused as a bright spot speared on its chest. Harry and the memory looked towards the diary and the memory saw the same liquid that had oozed from Harry's pouring out of the two pieces of the diary, rapidly forming a pool of wrongness. Harry grimaced as he noticed an increase of the smell but gave no other reaction. Instead, he focused on Tom as many more spots of blinding white light began to appear all over his body. The hatred on his face quickly became horror and that was the last expression Harry saw on the face of the memory of Lord Voldemort before he disappeared in a bright explosion of light that forced Harry to close his eyes. Before he opened his eyes, a tremor went through his arm and Harry was forced to drop the Sword of Gryffindor as his entire arms began to spasm erratically. The sword fell towards the floor but before it reached it disappeared in a warping of red and golden flames. Harry didn't notice that as he was more worried about his trembling right arm. Harry let out pained groans as he grabbed his arm and he noticed that, originating from the hole on his forearm that was left there by the basilisk fang when it impaled it, his blood vessels were turning a very worrying black. As he felt to his knees again, Harry turned towards Ginny and he managed to let out a sigh of relief when he saw her rapidly gaining back the normal color of her skin, meaning that she was no longer in danger. It filled him with content, knowing that he was going to die because of the basilisk venom, the he had managed to save Ginny and that his own death was going to mean something. His only worry was that Voldemort was still out there and was going to come back to terrorize the world one day but at least Albus Dumbledore was going to be here to stop him. Harry was going to let himself be consumed by unconsciousness but suddenly the warm thrill of a phoenix reached his ears and he looked up to see Fawkes flying towards him. The majestic avian swept in and landed in front of him, cocking its head to the side as it regarded Harry with intelligence beyond most beats. Harry's eyes flicked to his wound and Fawkes fallowed his gaze before another warm thrill, this one understanding, originated from the phoenix. Fawkes hopped towards Harry, who suddenly felt amused at the imposing bird doing such a silly motion, but he grimaced as a particularly sharp stab of pain made itself known. Harry watched as Fawkes leaned over his wound and not a second later Fawkes began to let tears fall on Harry's wound. Fascinated, Harry watched as his injury healed faster than how it had been caused. First the pain disappeared, then the blackness of his blood vessels receded until it was no more and finally the hole on his forearm closed itself and there was no trace of there being a wound on the first place. Harry looked at his forearm in wonder before he beamed at the phoenix that had just saved his life. Bloody hell he felt rejuvenated even, is if