Disclaimer: I do not own the Hunger Games characters. The lovely Suzanne Collins owns all rights to them. This story is written in her honer. Author's Notes: This story is the continuation of These Twisted Games. There are going to be some graphic chapters in which will involve anything from violence to sex. It does have the rating of M for a reason. The first chapter is a buffer Chapter, but it gives a lot of much needed information. In These Twisted Games, 3vlee was my Co-writer/Beta. In this sequel, 3vlee is my Co-writer. We will discuss everything and when a chapter is posted it shows that we have agreed on all content involved. As always, reviews and suggestions are welcomed so that we can make this story worthy of Ms. Collins. Enjoy! Chapter 1 Cato POV I walk out of medical and ran into someone. This person was the same build and was a bit taller than me. I look into his eyes and that is when I recognized him. My own brother. " What the fuck are you doing here?" "I came to rescue you and the rest of the tributes." "What do you mean rescue? I am glad that I don't have to kill my friends now and I am definitely glad that we are finally getting the medical help for Katniss and Clove. What is going on?" "Cato listen. The minute President Snow made the announcement that the tributes would have to pro-create, the leader of the Rebellion, our uncle, has been planning to rescue you and the other tributes from the arena. We feel really bad that we were unable to rescue all of you, but we got you. Is Katniss and my nieces going to be alright?" "Prim, Katniss's sister, says that she stopped the bleeding but we have to get her to a hospital as soon as possible. The girls are fine for now." "So Goldilocks is Katniss's sister." "Yeah and Gale is her cousin. They both are in there waiting for and explanation as to why the ride is so bumpy?" "Well let us go in there and I will explain everything. Seeing as I am the pilot and I need to check on everyone. Can you gather all of the other tributes to your room please?" "Oh my god! Did I just hear Christopher Briggs say please and not even expect sex!" "Just go get them." I go into every room and tell everyone that we all need to be in Katniss's room for a meeting about what is going on and why we were busted out of the arena. I walk to Katniss's room with Peeta and Clove. We talk about what we think the reason is and that we are all very happy that none of us have to kill our friends. When we reach the room Clove grabs mine and Peeta's hands and puts them on her belly. The baby inside is just as excitable as it's mother. Thank god Peeta is a calm soul because he is going to need it with these two. We get into the room and Christopher gestures for Clove to take a seat. I see Peeta sit on the floor between her legs with his head resting on her swollen belly. They really make a good couple. "Okay, so I want to introduce myself first. My name is Christopher Briggs and my rank in the rebellion is that I am head commander of the air fleet. The leader of this rebellion is called by the name Marcus Malone, his second in command is Brutus Malone who is the head commander of the ground fleet. Third command is Haymitch Abernathy who is the head commander of intelligence. Fifth in command is Camille Everdeen who is the head of the medical unit. Sixth in command is Beetee Saunders who is head commander and the brains behind weapons development." "Wait where are our families?" "You will be informed when we reach headquarters. Before you ask, we are on our way to District 13 and yes it does exist. Now I need to inform you that the rebellion has been in the planning stage for at least twenty years. We have been waiting for an opportune moment to launch our first attack. This opportunity presented itself when Katniss's health went down hill in the arena. We have a place for all of you in this rebellion. Cato, you and the other tribute will get your assignments from Marcus himself. The turbulence happened because President Snow's Hovercrafts had started to attack us, and because of my very well trained pilots we were unharmed and evaded anymore attacks from the Capitol. First you all have to be in medical for no less than three days. The pregnant women have to be there for no less that a week. After everyone has been cleared you will receive your assignments. The fathers-to-be are to stay with their pregnant partners. We all need you to get to your rooms or seats because we need to land." My brother walks out into the hall and into the cockpit of the hovercraft. I look back at Katniss and at Prim who has not left her side. "Cato?" As she checks my arm and does as much as she could to stop the slow trickle of blood coming from the bite. "Yes Prim" "Why did you treat my sister so bad?" "I understand that you have questions and I need to let you know that I am so very sorry that I did what I did. I know that we all did not choose this for our lives. Where others made the best of the situation, I was stubborn and didn't want to do that. I was mad at the citizen of the Capitol and the president and I took it out on the one person who has actually been there 24/7 with me. I know that I put her through hell and I did things that I am not proud of. I know that I have to prove to you and the rest of the family but most of all I have to prove to Katniss and my girls." "Well I am glad that you finally got your head out of your ass. I am definitely glad I don't have to go all ninja on you either. Pops has taught me more than what I already know. Where Katniss is very skilled in many weapons, I am very skilled in the art of not only medical, which I need to learn more, but hand to hand combat as well. Your arm is getting infected and my mother has the antidote back at head quarters. I have a small dose here but it wont be enough to get the poison out of your system. Because of this you will have to be in medical longer than the required time." "That is fine. I would rather be close to Katniss anyways. I would also like to ask if you could help me with some stuff though. I cannot ask you now but I will need to soon." "It is a positive thing right?" "Yes Prim. It is very positive." "Alright. I will help." As she says this we feel the craft start to descend and things start to get rough. I put my hand over Katniss's belly to help calm the girls down. Katniss is strapped in to the bed still unconscious. I am really worried that she has not woken up since the mutts started to attack. We will just have to see what Camille can do. We land and all tributes start to form a protective circle around Katniss and I. This is a strange place and we do not know who to trust. I see her mother and rush to her. "What happened? Prim I need vitals." "We have been told by Foxy that after Katniss had let loose of the few arrows after the mutts started to attack that she doubled over in pain. There was and still is bleeding that even I cannot stop. Mom we have to save the babies. You know the decision to make if things should go south. Mom we may have to sow the girls in if we can't stop the bleeding." "Okay get her to the OR stat. Prim examine all tributes and assign them to double bed rooms." "Yes Mamma." Camille then goes into the Operating Room. It is at least two hours before they bring her into our hospital room. Katniss has tubes and monitors running all over her body. There is a monitor that shows the heart beat of the twins and movement patterns. I really hope that if we decide to have more kids in the future that she would be able to, but with her having this many problems within the six and a half months. I definitely know that I did not help much in that department. Camille then comes in to tell me the status of my daughters and hers. "Cato, I did stop the bleeding and her tracker is out of her arm matter of fact that is what we should do now if they haven't removed them already." "They did that on the craft but thank you. They deactivated Katniss's instead of removing it because she was already losing too much blood." "Wise choice. I trained my daughter well. Back to Katniss. We did not have to sow the babies in which is very good. I had taken Foxy into the Operating Room so that she could give me every detail about Katniss's condition. She had said that Katniss was over stressed and had a fever, and she said that you were very dedicated to get her better." "Yes Camille.." "To you, you inconsiderate, rude, idiot, it is Mrs. Everdeen." "Mrs. Everdeen, I am trying to change and Katniss's life was never in danger." "Oh really! You who raped her and ignored her and mistreated her. Don't think that I didn't hear about all of that bullshit. I am one pissed off momma and I warned you that if you hurt my daughters in any way I would make you pay. You better walk on fine glass and egg shells. Oh and Cato." "Yes ma'am." "Give me your arm. Prim said that it is infected with poison and only had a little bit of the antidote. Now it is a slow process. First I have to drain the blood that is around the area of the wound. Then we need to stitch your wounds and give you the antidote intravenous. It is a slow process and it will be painful. Once the IV is in you will be able to walk around and visit the other tributes that are here and even your brother and uncles. You will have at least two more treatments. Now as a doctor, I am sorry that it has to be done this way, but as a mother I want you to feel the wrath of a mother scorned." "Mrs. Everdeen, I do not have uncles or aunts, both my parents were only children." "Oh. I am sorry I didn't know." She tries to hide her smile as she starts the process of purging my arm of the poison. She was also right about the pain that is brought on with the treatment. I am in so much pain, but I know I have to endure the physical pain. I know that this is nothing compared to the emotional and mental pain I have caused not only to Katniss but to her family as well. An hour and a half goes by and I am feeling very weak, but I do not give in and stay vigilant. I want to make sure Katniss is going to be okay. Mrs. Everdeen finished sowing up my arm. She puts the IV in and then goes to check on Katniss and the babies.