[A/N: Okay guys, I am attempting to make an HP fanfic. I would love love LOVE for inputs, help, recommendations the whole nine yards on this one because it's a tad bit more complicated for me to write. I hope everyone enjoys the first chapter of Purify Darkness!] 1943 Rosier, Crabbe, Goyle, Malfoy, Lestrange, Black and Riddle were all lounging in the Slytherin common room, quietly talking to one another in excited chatter. They had taken over every seat in the small room, the single wingback chair and two pine green couches. Tom had found the Chamber of Secrets and his pride was swelling, he was in fact the heir of Salazar Slytherin. All of the other students had gone to bed by now and luckily for them, Tom was prefect so they didn't have to worry about after hours or getting in trouble nearly as much. Tom was gazing into the fire as his Knights continued to banter to one another, thinking of what his next plan would be now that the Chamber had been opened and with it the basilisk was now free to take out the filthy mudbloods that they had desired to be rid of. In an instant all of the annoying chatter ceased and snapped Tom out of his musings. He glanced up to see what prevented them from eagerly bantering to one another. A young girl with rich curly black hair, a single pure white streak running through it entered the common room. She had ice-blue eyes, flawless pale skin and was relatively short. He had never noticed her before, so why was she here now? "Aribella!" Dorian Malfoy bellowed out with a massive grin on his face. The young girl paused, her eyes darting about the room until they landed on Malfoy. He gave a pat to the seat beside him with a devilish smirk. All of the boys were curious now. Who was this girl? She quietly scurried over to him and sat down while whispering into his ear. Malfoy chuckled and looked to all of the Knights. "Gentlemen, this is my little sister, Ari. She tends to hide so if you never notice her, that's why," his voice was cocky as he gave his sister a pat on the head. Riddle arched an eyebrow, Malfoy had a sister? Why was he not aware of this? Aribella licked her full lips nervously, not saying a word to any of them while they all began to chatter once again. She took that as her chance to leave and quickly stood up after giving her brother a peck to the cheek, then dashed off toward the girls dormitory. Tom stood up then, causing each of his servants to glance up and go quiet. "You may continue talking. I want to have a talk with the other Malfoy that was just introduced." He stated with an air of finality. None of them would argue. Ari paused by the staircase, her heart hammering. She couldn't go up to sleep now, not knowing that every boy she had attempted to avoid now knew who she was. She had done so good for years, never allowing anyone other than Mia and Camilla to befriend her. Not that she was worried about making friends, she wanted to avoid being of interest to anyone. Her brother was the one who wanted to socialize, not her. She just wanted to graduate Hogwarts and travel the world, even if her mum and papa didn't wish for that to happen. They had wanted her to marry a powerful and wealthy man and produce an heir, be the perfect wife they knew she could be. A quiet cough caused her to glance up. It was one of the boys her brother hand been hanging out with. He was tall with broad shoulders, his black hair was perfectly coiffed and his clothing clung to his body the way they were made to. His brilliant green eyes were on her as he watched her reaction. She frowned and arched a perfect eyebrow toward him. "Yes?" She croaked out. This boy was absolutely beautiful, of course she knew who he was. Prefect Riddle. Tom Riddle was a very handsome man that just about everyone in the school adored. She never wanted him to notice her. His lips twitched at the corners as he carefully walked closer to her as if she were a creature that would run away as soon as the chance were given to her. She stood up straight as she watched his every move. What was he up to? Why did he have to notice her now? "I didn't know that Dorian had a little sister," Tom said casually while keeping his confident gaze on her. She was absolutely stunning, but didn't look much like a Malfoy. The only way he would have even guessed she was, was the piercing blue eyes that seemed to be a strong gene in the Malfoy bloodline. She shifted uncomfortably and looked away from him. "Yes, well, I would prefer it that way." She mumbled out while taking a step away from him. Her back was now pressed up against the wall of the staircase to the girls dorm. He chuckled and leaned down to get a good look at her face. She was absolutely flawless and it intrigued him. He never found girls to be fascinating before, why was she so interesting? Maybe it was because he didn't even know the Malfoy's had another child. She continued to look away from him while fidgeting with the hem of her skirt. "What year are you?" He asked her while taking his index finger and pressing it to her chin, lifting her head up so she was now eye to eye with him. He wasn't pleased that she was avoiding him. "The same as my brother, Riddle. Now please, I would like to go to bed. I'm not interested in having polite conversation." She snapped out before darting away from him. He grinned boyishly while no one was watching. She was an interesting creature. Definitely meant to be in Slytherin with her attitude and pure blood that made her perfect. She would be any man's dream wife, he could already see that. Tom sauntered back to where all of the boys were lounging around and sat back down, his face an emotionless mask once again. "Why didn't you tell me you had a sister Malfoy?" He inquired of the boy with white-blonde hair and ice blue eyes. Dorian shifted uncomfortably in his seat and looked away. "I'm sorry My Lord, I just assumed she wasn't important. I was honestly shocked no one knew her, she's one of the top students in our school along with you," Malfoy stated with an air of pride over his sister and her intelligence. Curious. So she has managed to go undetected for years and is quite a smart young lady. Tom could feel the excitement bubbling up inside of him, he wanted her to be part of his group. She could be quite useful. He just had to make sure she wouldn't be a snitch and would devote herself to him. "I want to know as much about your sister as you can tell me Dorian." Tom demanded, his eyes hard. He waved his hand to dismiss all of his other servants. They quickly scurried away without another peep. He wanted the younger Malfoy, that was something he was sure of. The next morning Aribella quietly got up and showered, dressed, then got ready for her classes of the day. She trudged down to the Great Hall and sat down. No one was ever really up this early thankfully, giving Ari the chance to eat in peace before the start of another boring school day. She grabbed fresh fruit and poured herself a cup of tea. She quickly added two spoonfuls of sugar into her drink and then slathered a piece of toast with raspberry jam before taking a delicate bite off of it and chewing with her mouth closed. She loved the early mornings and late nights. When no one was awake and she could enjoy a moment of relaxation. Someone sat beside her, giving her a start. She looked over to see one of the people she least wanted to be near. Tom Riddle gave her a boyish smile and grabbed some toast and tea. She looked away and decided the best thing to do was ignore him and get out of here quick. He didn't say anything to her as they ate together in silence. He was never so forward with a girl in his life, just sitting next to her without even asking if it was alright was an interesting thing. He could tell she was uncomfortable and it made him even more eager to continue doing this until she couldn't take it anymore and asked him why. He already had a plan in mind for getting close to her. She was a snarky young woman who would shoot him down in a heartbeat if he tried to charm her the way he would most other people, so he was going to go about it in a more forceful way. Aribella's entire body was tense as she munched on her fresh fruit and gulped down the rest of her tea. She quickly stood up while grabbing her bag, then ran off to her first class, Potions. Tom chuckled to himself as he watched her dash away, her avoiding him just made it all the more fun. She was gazing at the book for potions, not even actually reading the words on the pages. Why was Riddle paying her any mind now? Even if her brother casually introduced her to his friends, she didn't care to know any of them. She didn't want to know what kind of shenanigans those boys would be up to late at night in the common room while everyone else was sleeping peacefully. She rubbed her hands over her face as she heard other students scuffling into the classroom. She was ready for Mia to be there. Mia was a sweet Ravenclaw who always sat with her when they had a class together. She had shoulder length honey blonde hair, brown eyes and was outrageously tiny. Her other friend, Cami, was dark skinned with straight black hair that went past her shoulder blades and had grey eyes. She was about the same height as Ari and was in Hufflepuff. Unlike most Slytherin's, she didn't care that the girls were in different houses. They were her best friends. She began scribbling in her notebook while waiting for her good friend to come in the doors. "Ari!" A high pitched voice called out from the door. "Ah! Hey! It's impolite to just run into someone!" The same voice snapped out to someone who must have shoved into them. Ari looked up to see Mia glaring daggers at Lukas just as Tom Riddle swaggered into the potions class. Rosier was the one that ran into her if his smug face gave anything away. Mia quickly shook her head and began to walk over to her friend with a sweet smile on her face. Tom gently stopped the Ravenclaw and spoke to her quietly, his gorgeous green eyes on Aribella the entire time, causing her belly to do odd flip flops. Mia gave a short nod, her lips in a firm line as her eyes darted over to Ari, then back to Riddle. What were they talking about? Tom gave her a sweet lopsided smile and glided over to Aribella Malfoy, then sat down beside her. She gaped at him, her lips parted. He made her friend sit somewhere else?! "What do you want Riddle?" The young Malfoy hissed out to her prefect. She had no shame when it came to being rude, it didn't matter who she was talking to. "To sit with one of the most brilliant