AN (10/14/15): Hello! Because the second book is being worked on, I felt it appropriate to fix up some of these earlier chapters. As a summary of my old original AN: This story I put as T Rating, mainly due to concepts within this piece. There is nothing sexual in this, in that aspect it is kid friendly, but concepts like ones surrounding death, mortality, and war are in here that I feel are not preferable for younger kids to read. I just wanted to put this in as a preliminary warning of sorts to any prospective readers. This book was, and the next book will be updated weekly once I feel it is adequate enough to be posted and I have a majority of the story completed. I do ask for feedback though. It really helps me gain a sense of what I can improve on, what you guys liked, disliked about the book. I love to see feedback from you guys, it has been possibly the best part of posting this! If you have any questions or anything you would pm me for, please feel free to! I will try to respond as quickly as I can. If you want to leave a comment but not have it in the comment box, you can send my feedback through there too. I worked on this story for a long, long time, so I do hope you enjoy! I know reading an AN at the beginning of a story is annoying, but if you stuck with me up to here, thank you! Enjoy readying and I look forward to seeing your feedback! -TashaMoon - Chapters are always 2k min. If they are not, I post two chapters within that week to make up for it - It is easy to forget what you stand for, especially when you are one of a few fighting for it. That is how I felt when I first grew up, and I say first for a reason, but you will learn why later. Even now I still feel as if I am the only one of a few who still fight for what is right for everyone, not just for personal gain. Imagine being forced to hide who you are from your family, your friends, for fear of being ostracized. That is what I had to do, I was only able to trust a few to know the truth. I was born to Sandra Cooper and Hades, Greek god of the Underworld. I was born during times of unrest, then all out war. Whole nations going against each other, all sparked by the ones who I had the misfortune of sharing the same father with, and select others. The gods tend to influence many people, nations, etcetera. I was the only one of my siblings that I knew about who wasn't one for that life the others set course on. I refused to join them, to be driven to their special kind of madness. To help cause the deaths of millions. The ones who lead the fight against them were the children of Zeus and Poseidon. They lead what was ultimately the winning side, though I never got to see that victory personally. After I was born and the war broke out, my father imagined me to be the one to help end it all. Help end the discrimination. I was the only child of his that wasn't going against Olympus. That is a lot for a kid to shoulder. I was about ten when I found out about our world and I have been encompassed by it ever since. My father may not have been greatly loved by the Olympians, or even cared for Olympus himself, but it was the better of the options available. I grew up alongside a son of Zeus, we both did not know our heritage when we were small. He and I became the best of friends, forging our path into the chaotic world together. We managed to make it to Camp Half-Blood in one piece and get claimed, even if mine was hidden from the rest of camp. If the rest of camp knew, I would instantly become the center of negative attention just because I was a child of the Underworld at that period of time in the world. We were seen as instant enemies, to be hated and scorned on sight. I couldn't blame them though, what my half-siblings were doing was worthy of that reaction. Children of the Underworld were never very welcomed at camp to begin with, just like the parallel of my father and Olympus. During this war that was put to an extreme. We would often end up growing up on our own, fending for ourselves. That, or we would meet up with others like us and live day to day. Overall, it was a breeding ground for distrust and further dislike. Only my closest friend knew my true heritage aside from Chiron- the son of Zeus. I had always hoped that we would somehow beat the odds and be able to live to an older age as we had never fit well into our allotted rolls as children of our fathers. Nick Evans was brave, just like any other demigod, but humble ever since he was little. Children of Zeus tended to get pompous about their heritage, he was only that in jest. I was not extremely glum or dark, for some words to describe the typical Hades kid persona. I was okay with dying though if it was for something or someone I cared for. I knew I would give my life to protect those I cared about. It was hard to gain my trust, but once you got it I would stick with you to the end. All new beginnings start with an end, that is a given. For me the beginning of the end started the day we got wind at camp about an impending monster attack. It was downtime between trips to Europe for some of us, so we were back at camp. Now, Camp Half-Blood at that time had basic magical boundaries, but the more powerful monsters sometimes were able to slip through, or if the boundaries took too much of a beating, so we had to defend it. With the amount of demigods living at camp we were like a giant glowing beacon for all monsters from miles around. A buffet hotspot if you will. The day before it all ended, Chiron assigned a collection of us to dispose of the monsters before they reached camp and put the younger campers in danger. We only knew about them because some campers had spotted them on their return trip from the city. This was the one sanctuary in the world for kids like us and we would be damned if we didn't put up a fight to defend it. Now, to the actual fighting. First let me start out by saying I had two ways of fighting. To the public's eye I fought with a standard celestial bronze sword. Nothing special, just one that fit me the best. But when I didn't have to watch who could see me, I had a pair of secret weapons in the form of a silver and black bracelet, and a similar necklace. On the outside they may look harmless, but once activated they were a black as night stygian iron knife and sword with silver hilts. My knife was a personal favorite of mine from all the weapons I have tried, but I could only use that and my sword in emergencies. They had been gifted to me by my father upon my claiming. The necklace was like a circular hollow pendant with a pegasus charm in the center and the words Camp Half-Blood engraved onto the face attached to a black cord. What was really amazing about it was that it was magic - aside from the whole jewelry into deadly weapons thing. My knife was able to return to its necklace form with just a flick of my wrist and both weapons, as I had found out last year, returned to me even if I didn't retrieve them after a certain amount of time. To the whole of camp I was just another unclaimed kid living in the Hermes cabin, but I was more than met the eye. We departed that night into what was Long Island to take care of the monsters before they could get to us. It wasn't until the next morning that we made contact. It was really a stroke of luck we had about where we met them; it was a low valley. A crystal clear river cut through the earth at the bottom of the valley, and that was surrounded by hills, a forest, and rocks. In short, it was a very good location to have a fight. With the sound of the river to cover our movement and the breeze coming from where the monsters were, we attacked. We split ourselves into three groups and forced them back into a rough triangle. Nick and I stuck close together once the assault started, determined to not lose sight of each other, the memory of our trip last year still burned into our heads. I worked my way through hellhounds, Cyclopes, and even a few gryphons that were flying around. I managed to only sustain minimal damage to myself; just a scratch, bump, or bruise here of there. During my fight with a hellhound I found myself looking to where one of our archers were perched in an oak tree, their last arrow buried in the gryphon that had been soaring at my head, then it exploded into dust with a squawk. Dark clouds were rolling in and a distant sound of thunder reached the valley. Now, almost all of the campers that came along on this little trip had been out in the field before, but never all together. As a result, over time our plan to stay organized broke apart. Soon we found ourselves getting isolated. I found myself being pushed back into the nearest tree line when a big wave of thunder ran through the valley. I looked over to where Nick was fighting a dracaenae and a gryphon, but he didn't look to be the one summoning the storm. I glanced around between strikes for the other son of Zeus who had gone on this trip: Chester. But there was no sign of him. Chester and I had never really gotten along too well, he was too snooty and full of himself for my taste, even if he had helped Nick and I get to camp once we hit the Island. He was always ranting about the war when he was back at camp, whether it be cursing out the enemy or boasting news from a recent trip of his into the warzone. He was a couple years older than me and Nick, eighteen to our fourteen, and always tried to take charge in any situation, whether it be for the good or bad. Recently he had been even more annoying than usual, going as far as to shoot me glares when he thought I wasn't looking. I was already focused back on my fight when I smelled ozone and the hair on my arms stood on end. I had been in enough practice fights with Nick to know when to dive out of the way. I was sprayed with a shower of dirt and grass as lightning shredded where I had just been. "Nick, watch where you aim those things!" I called out to his form that was flipping over a large scorpion, slightly annoyed at him for nearly frying me. I slashed at an incoming hellhound and heard it yelp in pain as my sword cut across its chest. Despite being a daughter of Hades, there had yet to be a hellhound that hadn't wanted