4/2/16: Welcome to Into the Darkness: Book 2: The Journey. As a general note, if you have not read the first book I suggest taking a look, otherwise you might find yourself a bit lost. Chapter 1: Changes Last year, when Luke declared himself to be on Kronos's side in the upcoming war and tried to kill Percy I made a promise to myself that I would never let something like that happen again. It was too close a call for comfort, Luke almost succeeded and I would not lose another person if I could help it. Throughout the school year I had been working on my endurance, improving my shadow traveling and even working a bit on my "earthy" powers. I would be prepared for the future. Either way, I was just glad I had never shown my ability to throw a knife before that last day of camp in front of Luke. Slowly but surely I had been working myself up to my old standards. Nowadays Percy and I spent most of our time attending Meriwether College Prep. It was a kind of new type of "progressive" school that substituted chairs for beanbags and the teachers wore jeans and band T-shirts to their jobs. We didn't get grades either, at least not in the normal sense. It was very relaxed compared to other schools. Yeah, some of the kids were troublesome, but they were manageable - nothing compared to what was out there in the Greek world, anyway. During the school year I had only had a few run-ins with monsters; a giant scorpion in Central Park near my birthday and a few dracaenae by Broadway in April. They weren't very hard to deal with though. Luckily they found me outside of school, otherwise our school probably wouldn't be overly fond of the resulting outcome. What started out this adventure was a dream I had the night before the last day of the school year. It was fuzzy to try to recall, but I knew that it involved Luke and Kronos. Kronos was plotting something, talking about how their plan was coming along nicely after his failure. That was not comforting- Kronos and Luke plotting, the failure was most likely him failing to get the Master Bolt to Kronos. That one I could live with. I woke up to Sally knocking on my door, coming inside to make sure I was awake. Moving into our new apartment was bit of an adjustment, the new location, and having a room to myself after so long. We were now living on the fifth floor of a nicer, cleaner building. It wasn't a huge apartment but it did its job so I liked it. It was a vast improvement from our last place with Gabe mucking things up. "Come on, up and at 'em! Time to get ready, last day of school!" Sally said after giving my shoulder a small shake, then left to wake Percy. I lay there for a minute trying to remember my dream better but I didn't have much luck. I sighed and rolled out of bed and got changed, double checking to make sure I had my necklace and bracelet with me. I would have worn the Chimera tooth necklace but I didn't want to have to deal with potential questions about it in school so it typically stayed home, along with the knife I brought from camp. I pulled open my drawer and opened the little box I kept in the back behind my socks. Inside was the picture Chiron gave me last summer, it was of me and Nick. We were both posed in front of the camera, both laughing at something behind the photographer. Nick's sword was propped up in the dirt, his hand resting on the hilt as he rested his other elbow on my shoulder. We were twelve in that picture. I gave it a small smile before putting it away carefully back into the drawer, like I did most mornings. I walked into the kitchen to see Sally laying out blue pancakes and some eggs for breakfast. By the time I was already seated and eating Percy came out, hair ruffled from sleep. "Percy, fix your hair dude." I said as he sat down and leaned over to brush my hand through it to try to fix the mess. Percy seemed a bit out of it, which was odd for a day like today. You would think he would be bouncing off the walls - it was the last day of school after all. A distracted "Mhm" was all I got in response. Sally looked at our exchange and frowned. "Percy, are you all right?" She dried her hands and sat down across the table from us. "School, or..." We all knew what she was talking about. "I think Grover is in trouble," He told us, then described his dream. As he spoke I studied my breakfast in thought. If Grover was in the middle of an ocean or something that really complicated things. When Percy was finished speaking I said quietly, "Ocean, not my forte. I might be able to get to him though if I knew where he was. Check in on him. Do you know exactly where?" He shook his head and Sally pursed her lips. "I wouldn't be too worried, dear, Grover is a big satyr now. If there was a problem, I'm sure we would have heard from... from camp..." Her shoulders tensed ever so slightly at the word "camp". Immediately I knew something was wrong. "What is it?" I asked cautiously, her unease more apparent in the brief silence. "Nothing. I'll tell you what, this afternoon we'll celebrate the end of school. I'll take you two and Tyson to Rockefeller Center- to that skateboard shop you like Percy, and maybe the old record store you like, Allison." "Wait a minute, I thought we were packing for camp tonight." He said. Sally twisted her dishrag. "Ah, dear, about that... I got a message from Chiron last night." Chiron send an I-M and didn't tell me the problem? "What did he say?" "He thinks... it might not be safe for you two to come to camp just yet. We might have to postpone." "Postpone?" I asked while Percy blurted: "Mom, how can it not be safe? We're half-bloods! It's like the only safe place on earth for us!" "Usually, dear. But with the problems they're having-" "What problems?" "What's going on at camp?" I questioned hastily. "Percy, Allison... I'm very, very sorry. I was hoping to talk to you two about it this afternoon. I can't explain it all now. I'm not even sure Chiron can. Everything happened so suddenly." My mind was running at a million miles-per-hour. Camp not safe- Chiron saying we can't come? Then I remembered the bits of my dream. Could it have to do with them? Before we could ask any more questions the kitchen clock chimed and Sally looked relieved. "Seven-thirty, dears. You should go. Tyson will be waiting." I pursed my lips, I wanted to stay and ask more questions, maybe even I-M Chiron myself, but I knew she was right. Tyson was afraid of traveling alone underground. I didn't want him to get upset so I went to the doorway and gathered my stuff with Percy. I had always been comfortable underground, which helped him, along with having someone in general to go with him. "Mom, this problem at camp. Does it... could it have anything to do with my dream about Grover?" Percy asked. She wouldn't meet his eyes and busied herself with cleaning up the table. "We'll talk this afternoon, dear. I'll explain... as much as I can." Reluctantly, we left to catch our train. Percy stopped suddenly once we stepped outside and I nearly bumped into him. "What is it, Percy?" "Huh? Oh... nothing." He started off again, glancing back at the brownstone across the street. When we got to school we had to go to our English class, which Tyson was also a part of. Tyson was a sweet thing; he was a Cyclops, which I had discovered on our first day, but he gained my trust. I even nailed the school bully in the face for him, which instantly made him our friend and singled us out, but we didn't care. Tyson was really just like a little kid, both in how he talked and his innocence- just a baby really in Cyclops terms. I knew he was just lonely and needed friends from that first day. Both Percy and I had grown protective over him despite what he was. I honestly didn't think Percy was aware that Tyson was a Cyclops, but that didn't really matter - it was how he acted that counted, and he was so sweet and innocent. What happened during English was good example of that. We were sent out into the break yard for our "final exam", having read Lord of the Flies . It was the eighth graders and us seventh graders. Needless to say, two pebble fights, a full-tackle basketball game, and a wedgie contest came into being during that exercise. The leader of most of those activities often was Matt Sloan, the school bully I had slugged. Sloan was just like those rich delinquent kids Yancy had. He made the mistake of trying to give Tyson a wedgie and ended up being swatted fifteen feet away, tangled up into the tire swing. Tyson had panicked when Matt snuck up on him. "You freak!" Sloan yelled as he detached himself from the swing. "Why don't you go back to your cardboard box!" Tyson started sobbing as he sat down on the jungle gym, burying his head into his hands. I did my best to comfort him but he was still pretty upset. "Take it back, Sloan!" Percy shouted. Matt just sneered. "Why do you even bother, Jackson? You might have friends if you weren't always sticking up for that freak." "He wouldn't need anyone to stick up for him if you didn't bully him, Sloan." I said, shooting a glare at him. "Pff, like you would know." He said, which made no sense. "Just wait till PE, Jackson." He called to Percy. "You are so dead." I wasn't sure, but his comment made me more wary than it might have been on a different day. There seemed to be more goons hanging around the kid than usual. I turned my attention back to Tyson. "Tyson, I will get you an extra peanut butter sandwich at lunch, buddy. Alright? Don't worry about what that idiot said, he doesn't know what he's talking about. You are better than he will ever be." "Yeah, Tyson. Sloan is just a bully." Percy put in. "I... I am a freak?" He asked sadly. "No," Percy promised, but I caught him gritting his teeth. "Matt Sloan is the freak." "Tyson, Sloan has his own issues that he takes out on others. You are not a freak. You are Tyson, you are a sweet person and he just can't see that over his big head. He is wrapped up in his own stuff and immature." "You are good friends. Miss you next year if... if I can't..." His voice trembled and I patted him on the back. "Don't worry, big guy." Percy said. "Everything's going to be fine." Tyson smiled so happily that it made me feel a bit sad. Neither of us truly knew what would happen to him after this school year. Meriwether College Prep was on the smaller side of populations as far as schools went, so I had a large chunk of my classes with the boys, but my next two periods were different from their schedules. During Gym there was a lot of activity in the hallways though we were told to ignore it and continue our game. We were just playing Sharks and Minnows mainly, Coach