Disclaimer: I have books! Actual, legitimate, published, books. These books are mine, the characters in the books are mine, and the royalties I get from the books are mine. Unfortunately, the Harry Potter series does not fall into either of those categories. I will not be making a single galleon from this work. It is written and meant to be read for pure enjoyment. Content Warning: This fanfiction will contain mild wearing, child abuse, a boy with Binge Eating Disorder, and several graphic depictions of war/fantasy violence. Should any other squicky moments come up along the way, I will most assuredly let you know. Summary: On Harry Potter's eleventh birthday, a giant informed him that he was a wizard, a cat informed him that he would never have to return to his abusive uncle, and pure intuition informed him that his world would never be the same. Harry soon finds himself and Dudley in the loving care of Regulus Black. Three turns to four, then five, then more. It isn't long before the boy receives his birthday wish in the form of a family. The world will truly never be the same. CHAPTER ONE Harry Potter was happy. It was a rare feeling and the boy wasn't sure what to do with it. It filled up every inch of his tiny body, so much so that it ached. He stood in that wand shop, a baggy plaid shirt practically reaching his knees, hiding the ribs that poked through his skin, hiding the bruises and cuts that danced across it. Yet despite these injuries, he had never been happier. With his new wand in hand, still warm, he finally had a means to defend himself. No more punches, no more blows, no more harsh shrieks, no more nicknames. Freak. Whelp. Bastard orphan. No more. He would never have to return to the Dursleys. He was free. He was a wizard and though his past chilled him, the child knew that this was his way out. And with that came a true sense of happiness. Then again, that giddiness faded as he realized that he was on the receiving end of a rather uncomfortable conversation. His knees threatened to buckle as he stared up at the strange wizard with the violet eyes, the wizard who muttered about the curious nature of his wand. A cold hand ran down his spine. He let out an involuntary shudder as the man's eyes pierced the top of his head. "Sorry," he said in a small voice, "but what's curious?" Those eyes somehow intensified. Harry tore his gaze away to stare at Hagrid, who was squashed into the corner, examining the tip of his umbrella. When Harry turned back, he saw that Mr. Ollivander was smiling-a sinister smile that usually meant trouble for the young child. "I remember every wand I've ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather - just one other. It is very curious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother why, its brother gave you that scar." Harry swallowed. "Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember. I think we must expect great things from you, Mr. Potter. After all, He Who-Must-Not-Be-Named did great things. Terrible, yes, but great." The eleven-year-old shrank until he was nothing more than a speck of dust on the carpet. With a shaky hand, he produced the seven galleons for the wand. Mr. Ollivander's gaze followed him all the way out. "I 'ppose we have a few minutes," Hagrid said. "I'll tell yeh what, I'll get yeh a birthday present." Harry's cheeks immediately burned. He couldn't remember the last time anyone had gotten him a present, let alone a birthday present. The child stared at the cobblestone road and mumbled, "You don't have to do that." "I know I don't have to," said Hagrid with a wave of his enormous hand. "I'll get yeh an owl. How's that?" "Erm-" Harry didn't have much of a choice. The giant ushered him into the Magical Menagerie. There were dozens of pets, each more absurd than the last, but the boy wasn't really allowed to look at them. Instead, he was practically dragged over to the wall of owls. The birds were beautiful, their breeds different, their feathers different, their temperaments different. A tawny own bit at his fingers when he reached towards it. A barn owl continued sleeping, even as he spoke to it softly. A screech owl, well, screeched. "How 'bout this one?" Hagrid asked, gesturing towards a snowy owl. She was quite beautiful with feathers as white as fluffy clouds and blue eyes that sparkled beneath the hanging lights. "I suppose," Harry said. "I just don't know what I would use an owl for." "Fer deliverin' packages," said Hagrid, sounding slightly annoyed. "Ev'ry good wizard has an owl." "Oh." Harry wasn't sure if he was a good wizard. He wasn't sure if he was much of anything, really. True, everyone in that strange alleyway seemed to regard him as some sort of hero, the person who had managed to bring down a great darkness. But he still thought they were wrong, and perhaps a bit barking. He wasn't a hero. He wasn't a great wizard. He was Harry. Just Harry. At that moment, 'Just Harry' felt something ram into the back of his knees. He whirled around and nearly tripped over a giant orange lump of fur. He gained his footing, careful as to not tread on the cat's paws. The poor creature looked as though it had sustained enough injuries already. Its face rather reminded Harry of the cartoons that Dudley enjoyed watching, the ones where the cat chased the mouse. The mouse would dive away at the last moment, causing the cat to slam into the wall until its face was completely flat. Harry didn't like those cartoons much. He never knew which side to take. Of course, the mouse deserved to live, but the cat was always punished for sparing the mouse's life. He reached down to pet the cat's ear. Unlike most cats, which would meow or purr, this cat didn't react. Not one sound. He stared up at Harry with large silver eyes, eyes that looked plainly concerned. Was it upset that Harry was petting him? The child jerked back his hand just in case. No, the cat was still giving him that strange look. "Humph," growled a voice from the corner. "Curious." An elderly man stepped away from the shadows, sporting a walking stick and a scowl. Harry inwardly groaned. What was curious now ? Was this cat somehow related to his supposed magical destiny? "My boy, don't look so alarmed," said the man, his frown melting into something more friendly. "I'm just jealous, is all. That cat has been in and out of my shop for a good decade now, always going off with different owners before coming back within a few months. It's never let me go near it, let alone touch it. And yet, it seems to have taking a shine to you. Got any mice in your pockets?" Harry let out a small giggle before shaking his head. The cat finally let out a meow, pressing up against the boy's legs. Unfortunately, a gigantic noise shook the walls of the shop, causing Harry to stagger backwards until he crashed into the display of owls. He straightened up, brushing feathers from his hair, and was horrified and amused when he realized the source of the chaos: Hagrid had sneezed. "Never liked cats," he said. "They make me sneeze." "I can see that," Harry said. A second sneeze ricocheted through the shop. The owner frowned before producing a handkerchief, a miniscule relief for the sniffling giant. Oddly enough, the cat wasn't spooked by the sounds. If anything, he seemed annoyed. When Harry had staggered backwards, the cat had bounded forward, pressing himself against his legs once more. Both Harry and the owner noticed this. "That's more than just a shine," said the old man. "That cat wants to go with you. Would you be interested?" "Erm, I don't know," Harry admitted. "What's his name?" "Crookshanks," the man began. Before he could say anything else, Hagrid stepped between them. "Ah, s'rry Harry, but I'm afraid the cat won' do. Got ter get yeh an owl." "You've got te-to?" Harry repeated, momentarily slipping into the giant's dialect. "Why do you have to?" To his absolute horror, the man who had rescued him from the Dursleys now looked slightly hurt and affronted. "Well," he grunted, "it was 'possed to be your birthday present." Harry's face was immediately on fire. He tried to put out the flames and any other damage he might have caused by hastily saying, "O-oh no, no, Hagrid, I'm grateful. I mean, I really am. Thank you so much. It's just, these owls are so expensive. I could never ask you to pay that much. Not after everything you've done for me already. Look. Right over here, this piece of paper is all about Crookshanks. He's a fraction of what an owl would cost. I'd be grateful for anything, really, I would, but I I'd feel a lot better knowing that you didn't go through too much trouble for me. I'm not worth it." The last part slipped out before he could stop it. Hagrid didn't seem to notice but the cat's head shot up. Harry desperately tried to change the subject. He used the inclination of the cat's head to his advantage, petting him beneath the chin. "Besides," he said, "Crookshanks really does seem to like me. And it looks like it needs a good home. Please, Hagrid? If you're going to get anything, I really would prefer Crookshanks. I mean, I'd appreciate anything but-" He trailed off, feeling as though he had mucked everything up. Fortunately, after a brief moment of hesitation, Hagrid slowly said, "Well, all right, Harry. If it's what yeh want." He let out another large sneeze before adding, "Just don' bring 'im by my house, eh?" He gave the boy a large smile, causing his spirits to lift. They lifted even more when the giant pulled out a small hairy wallet. He glanced at the snowy owl again before asking, "Yeh sure yeh don' want her? I was told-well-if it's what yeh want-" Looking slightly uncomfortable, he paid for Crookshanks. The discomfort quickly washed away as Harry let out a whoop of delight and threw his arms around the cat. "Thank you, Hagrid," Harry practically squealed. "Thank you, thank you, thank you!" The giant chuckled, his face as pink as his umbrella. He waved his hand and mumbled something incoherent. They entered the alleyway and realized that the sun was slipping beneath the horizon. "'Reckon we have time for a bite to eat before yeh have to go back," Hagrid mused. "Yeh want a hamburger?" Harry froze and Crookshanks crashed into the back of his legs. "B-back?" asked the boy in a small voice. "What do you mean 'back'?" "Back to the Dursleys." And just like that, everything came crashing down. The boy's stomach twisted as that strange cold hand returned, tickling every single part of his skin, grabbing his chest and squeezing so tightly that he was sure he was going to burst. "N-no," he finally said. "I can't go back there. I can't." "Yeh have to," Hagrid said. "Term doesn't start til September Firs'." September 1st. That was a month away. A month. There was no way he could survive the Dursleys for another month. Not after the amount of trouble he'd caused. He could already feel the welts and bruises forming. He tried to summon up enough courage to tell the giant what might, no, would , happen if he returned. But he didn't. He didn't say anything when they bought six