Thank you RosabelleCrombwell for letting me adopt this story. Thank you to RDoster2012 for being my Beta! It is finally up! The first part of the rewrite for Cullens Adopt Bella is now up! I am so sorry for making you wait so long, but this took a lot of effort. I hope you enjoy it! Read and Review, please! Bookwormlover1 Disclaimer- Twilight belongs to Stephenie Meyer. I am just using her characters, and I only own Ava. In no way do I own any of Tennyson's works(you'll see why) Word Count-7970 Prologue- Running and Burning Ava POV: June 15th, 1990 I had to get out of there. My family was in danger, and it was my fault. They didn't even know there was a threat. Dad might have been the Chief of Police, but he couldn't protect the family from the monsters that lurk in our world. The danger that came with knowing something I shouldn't was my problem to deal with. Perhaps it was a good thing Dad and Mom were hardly home- Dad at the police station and Mom off doing whatever hobby she had found that week- because at least they weren't there to see the monsters that have haunted my dreams ever since the first attack when I was five. Now, four years later, I was hurriedly stuffing two messenger bags with all of my essentials while I recalled what happened that gave me this urgent need to protect my family. " Bella, what would you like me to read to you tonight?" I asked my baby sister since I was babysitting her while Mom was out with friends and Dad was working the night shift. She smiled up at me sweetly before answering in her little voice, "The poems you said mommy used to read to you." I smiled sadly back at her and said, "Okay, I'll go grab the book while you climb into bed." The truth was, my mother didn't read me those poems as a child I did. Little four-year-old me decided that I would teach myself to read larger books with higher vocabulary since the books at school weren't advanced enough for me, and Mom and Dad were never around to help me appease my thirst for knowledge. Tennyson's poems were my favorite, although Robert Frost was a close second, as his poems were the first I'd ever read. I grabbed the book of Tennyson's poems and rushed back up the stairs to our shared room, eager to read her my favorite poem. " Ready?" I inquired as I crawled under the covers with her on the small twin bed. She nodded frantically, like she was on a sugar high. " Okay, settle down!" I said, laughing. " Now, this one is my favorite. It is called "There is Sweet Music Here" . Bella snuggled into my side, closing her eyes so she could fall asleep easier. I took a deep breath and began. " There is sweet music here that softer falls Than petals from blown roses on the grass, Or night-dews on still waters between walls Of shadowy granite, in a gleaming pass; Music that gentler on the spirit lies, Than tired eyelids upon tired eyes; Music that brings sweet sleep down from blissful skies. Here are cool mosses deep, And thro' the moss the ivies creep, And in the stream the long-leaved flowers weep, And from the craggy ledge the poppy hangs in sleep." I looked down at Bella and saw that her eyelids were halfway open, so I slowly got out of bed and stuck a compilation of Debussy's works in the stereo, putting "Claire de Lune" on repeat. I then crawled back into bed with Bella, humming the tune of my favorite song while I waited for her to fall asleep. About half an hour later, I heard her breathing become even, and I knew she was in the land of dreams. I quietly tip-toed across the floor, grabbing my pajamas from my small dresser before softly padding out of the room to change in the bathroom. When I finished my nightly routine, it was 9:30, but I still wasn't tired, so I decided to curl up on the couch and read "Romeo and Juliet" for the fun of it, since I'd already read it once just because it was mentioned that I'd be reading it in high school, and I was already well ahead of my class. The familiar words soothed me, and I felt myself nodding off before even finishing Act 1 . I closed my eyes; sure I'd be able to open them in a minute. I soon fell into a dreamless sleep. The book fell off my chest when I was suddenly jolted awake by a tingling sensation in my gut, telling me there was some sort of danger. It felt like it was coming from my room… Oh no-BELLA! I shot up off the couch, dashed to the stairwell, jumped over the stair that always creaked, and ran up the stairs as fast as I could. ' Please, please be okay Bella,' I thought. I stopped in front of the door, slightly panting. I realized that if this was all because of my overactive imagination, I could possibly wake Bella up by storming in there. I slowly pushed the door open and was greeted by a horrific sight. There, standing at the foot of my baby sister's bed, was the creature that haunted my nightmares, the beast that was also beautiful, the monster that had tried to kill me when I was only five years old for seeing him for what he truly was- a vampire. Not the same man; he was long dead, but still, a vampire. Not the Hollywood vampires that burn in the sunlight. No, this monster could walk in the sun and could simply stand there while he sparkled like a thousand diamonds. It's true-sparkle. I had been up in a tree reading "Sense and Sensibility" because it was one of those rare sunny days in Forks my fifth birthday, actually, a nice treat. I had been pretty deep in the woods, kind of close to where I'd seen some hikers walk by. All of a sudden, an extremely pale man with midnight black hair had appeared out of nowhere, and his skin started to sparkle. He was barefooted and wore black slacks and a blood red button up shirt, and his sleeves were rolled up. I'd then heard the crunching of leaves before I could continue my study of the person in front of me; the sound was coming from my right, so I knew it wasn't the sparkling man that was before me. I turned and saw a greasy-haired hiker who was covered in sweat and dirt making his way towards my tree. The sparkly man had suddenly vanished before reappearing behind the hiker. He'd placed one hand over the hiker's mouth, and one across his stomach, effectively restraining the greasy-haired man. He had placed his lips over the other man's neck when he started thrashing, and after a few moments, he had gone limp. The black-haired man dropped the dead hiker and looked up making me gasp, for his eyes were a bright, crimson red. I had covered my mouth and prayed 'Don't see me, don't see me,' in my head when the sparkly man scanned the area. It had seemed to work at first because his eyes glanced over my spot in the tree, but they suddenly snapped back to where I was. His grin was feral and I then saw the blood dripping down his chin, and I'd realized what he was. I'd read about the the cold one, the blood drinker in the Quileute legends, but I never thought a vampire actually existed. He'd started walking lazily toward me, confident I wouldn't be able to get away when a huge horse-sized wolf had abruptly come barreling out of the trees. It had immediately launched itself at the vampire, tearing him to shreds using its huge teeth. The sound was the most horrific one I'd ever heard; a great screeching noise came from the area the vampire and wolf were fighting, like nails scraping down a chalkboard. When the vampire was completely torn to shreds, the wolf went behind a tree and then came out as a man holding a lighter and wearing nothing but shorts. ' Oh great, now there's werewolves too?' I had sarcastically thought. The werewolf had tossed the lighter on the pile of limbs, watching as they turned into a choking purple cloud of smoke. When the vampire had finally been turned into ash, the werewolf had turned away and shifted back into the huge wolf. As soon as the werewolf had been out of sight, I streaked down the tree and ran full speed back to the house. Vampires had haunted my nightmares from then on, and now here was another one of those monsters, standing at the foot of Bella's bed. The vampire was tall, about 6'1, with chocolate brown hair, although he did have the signature pale skin and crimson eyes of a vampire. " You were quite hard to find," he stated softly. " W-what?" I managed to stutter out. "Why would you want to find me?" " You know about our existence," he murmured, "and therefore, you must either be changed or be killed. You are much too young to be changed, so I suppose I will have to kill you." I sucked in a sharp breath at that. "P-p-please," I stuttered, "I won't tell a-anybody. I rather f-fancy not being locked up in a padded cell. And then my baby sister, she'll be all alone, with no-" " Ahh, yes your sister is what made it so hard to find you." He turned to look at Bella while she slept. "She has a physical shield, made it very hard to catch your scent indeed. But I was wandering by the town when I caught it by the school. You and your sister both have a remarkable scent, very mouthwatering. Although hers is more like freesias, yours is a rose field in full bloom," he sighed wispily. " H-h-how did you even know my scent?" I asked. " Well, when you saw Bernard, the vampire you saw-" he said when he saw my confused look, "his mate, Theresa, was close by. You were of course long gone by the time she found his remains, but your scent was all over one tree, and there was one book hanging on the branches." He then pulled out my old copy of 'Sense and Sensibility' from his coat. "Very good story, I must say," he said. "I'm rather surprised a four-year-old was reading it." " I was five," I huffed. "I'm nine now." I get that I'm short, but seriously! " Five," he chuckled. "In any event, that was how I knew your scent. Bernard, Theresa, and I were very close friends, so she knew me to be a decent tracker. She immediately brought me the book, assuming you were somehow apart of Bernard's death, although that is obviously not the case." " Most definitely," I muttered. " So, let's get on with it then," he said, appearing in front of my small frame. I had to at least try to live. "C-can we at least do it outside. I-in the woods. I-I don't want her," I gestured to my sleeping sister, "to see me dead and bloody when she wakes up." His eyes seemed to cloud over before he grinned, seeming happy to know I was accepting my fate. "That seems reasonable," he allowed. "Meet me in the woods." He then proceeded to jump out my window; I guess that's the way he came in. I dashed down the stairs and grabbed the lighter and the spare from the junk drawer, stuffing them in my pocket before making my way out the front door.