AN: This was originally intended as a one-shot for the Spring Fling fic exchange on A03 (gifted to dracoisalooker76), but there have been some requests for a follow-up, so I'm working on that now. The prompt was 'Peeta and Katniss on an alternative spring break trip.' They're in the present day, on a Red Cross/Habitat for Humanity trip to a 9th Ward type area in New Orleans, La. Big thanks to Jess (Latinaspitfire) for emergency help. Huge thanks to swishywillow for beta-ing in a pinch (and fast, too)! And special thanks to madefrommemories for reading and encouraging me! Please review and tell me what you think! (See the end of the work for footnotes ) She was late, and Katniss Everdeen was never late. It's all she could think about as her feet pounded the pavement, her braid whipping her back. She was late, and the stupid caravan was going to leave her, and she wasn't going to get the extra points for Ms. Seeder's sociology class, which meant that she wouldn't be able to get that 'A' she needed to keep her grade-point up, and that meant she wouldn't able to keep the Switzer Foundation Fellowship (even though she'd already been chosen), which meant that even with her other grants and scholarships, she wouldn't be able to go to grad school in the fall, which meant her whole plan that she'd worked so hard for was about to crumble, and all because of damn Gale Hawthorne . She was fuming as she rounded the corner and the two white vans came into view. There was still hope. She could see that they were already in motion, pulling away from the curb. The first van disappeared into traffic as she launched herself towards the second. " Wait! Please! Wait ," she yelled, coming closer. She ran as fast as she could until she was running alongside of the van, screaming for it to stop. Just when she thought her legs might give out on her, it started to slow down and she managed to catch up as it stopped at the next traffic light. She pulled her father's leather duffel bag closer against herself and banged on the window. " Wait! Open the door! " Finally the back door slid open and she climbed in quickly, before traffic started to move again. She suddenly felt extremely self-conscious, realizing all eyes were on her. She could feel the blush creeping up her cheeks when she realized how she must look, standing there, her signature braid coming completely undone, panting heavily with a few beads of sweat running down the side of her face, clothed in one of Madge's long fitted shirts and a pair of her too-tight skinny jeans. At least she'd managed to spare two minutes to brush her teeth and change out of her pajamas and into some of Madge's clothes. " I'm assuming you're here for the Red Cross mission trip? Take a seat." The tall, brawny man to her right caught her attention. He was sitting in the front passenger seat, thumbing through a stack of files, only bothering to look at her for a second before returning to the papers. Katniss couldn't understand how he could possibly even fit in that seat. He was HUGE. She vaguely remembered seeing him around the school fitness center when she went for archery classes. In the driver's seat was an older woman with white hair tied into a neat bun and a warm smile that crinkled at her eyes. Katniss liked her instantly and couldn't help thinking that she reminded her of Greasy Sae. The vehicle started forward with a lurch and suddenly Katniss remembered that she was still standing. She quickly glanced to the back of the van and was thankful to notice that one of the seats in the back was still open. The van was one of those old passenger vans with bench seats all the way through. As she made her way to the back and plopped down in the seat she took a moment to glance at her seat mate. She wondered how anyone could sleep so soundly at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, in a van full of people, no less. It was a definitely a 'he,' that's for sure. She couldn't see his face or hair underneath the hoodie that was pulled up tightly over his head, but she could see his arms and hands clearly from the way they were positioned in front of his face. He had really nice hands. They looked strong, and big, and kind of manly. She shook her head to rid herself of the unwanted thoughts as she let her eyes take the rest of him in. He had nice arms too, with a light dusting of freckles and light blond hairs. His skin was light, almost like a peach, and she could see the ripples of his muscles under his shirt as he snored softly next to her. Her eyes traveled downward still, and she could feel her face heat up again as she noticed that his legs were spread out and her eyes zeroed in on the unmistakable bulge in the front of his jeans. She grabbed her bag and began to rifle through it to distract herself. She finally found her dad's weathered 'Panem U Fighting Chickens' sweatshirt and held it to her face, inhaling deeply; a habit she'd developed when she was young to help deal with her nervousness around strangers. And for some reason, the stranger occupying the seat next to her really made her nervous. She told herself it had nothing to do with or the fact that he smelled inexplicably good, even from 2 feet away, or those muscled arms and the rippled chest and abs that were no doubt hiding under that hoodie. Definitely not . Katniss was not the type to lust after boys. That kind of behavior was reserved for girls like Madge and Johanna and Clove. Katniss couldn't help but wonder about the sleeping stranger. She knew from the info packet that all the other participants were in Ms. Seeder's sociology intro class, but she was certain she'd remember someone who looked like this. She decided he must be in one of the other sections, and racked her brain for the names she's seen last week on the sign-up sheet, but came up blank. She could have sworn she knew all the people who'd signed up already. She wondered if maybe someone else had signed up. They would have had to request to get in, like she had. Lucky for her Ms. Seeder was a sympathetic woman, and one of the few professors privy to Katniss' financial situation. She'd managed to get this far without racking up too much debt, relying mostly on scholarships and her tips from the Mockingjay. She was almost there. She's already qualified for some other environmental science grants for next year, and with the scholarship she would have enough to start grad school in the fall with a little left over. She'd be able to start funneling all of her income into Prim's college fund, and when Prim started Johns Hopkins in the fall, it would all be worth it. All the late nights slinging drinks for that jerk Snow down at the Mockingjay, all the years of clipping coupons and eating nothing but ramen for weeks, even the shame of taking free 'sponsor meals' in high school, was all worth it now that things were finally falling into place. She let her eyes drift back to his arms once more, just so she could see if she recognized him, of course. Just as her eyes started to rake over him, the van suddenly screeched to a stop as the car in front of them swerved to avoid a pedestrian. She could hear the chorus of obscenities and from the front of the van and the accompanying honks from other cars. As the stranger next to her woke from the sudden movement, she quickly turned her head to stare out the window and disguise the redness in her cheeks from almost being caught staring. The big guy in the front finally tore himself away from his notes and turned towards the rest of the van to address them. Katniss kept her eyes glued to the front of the van and refused to give into her curiosity and glance at the boy beside her, even though she could feel his eyes on her for a bit too long. She suddenly felt acutely aware of the fact that both she and the stranger had placed their bags on their sides, next to the windows, forcing them to sit mere inches apart, if that. She did her best to zone back into what the large professor was telling them and not concentrate on the warmth radiating from the stranger in the seat next to her. "… .so you will be expected to get your hands dirty. I know Katrina was seven years ago, but there are still thousands of people living in temporary or substandard housing, especially in the ninth ward areas. What you kids will be doing down there is invaluable to the people you're helping. It's important that you don't slack off or cut corners to make less work; these are the homes that people will be living in for the next 20 years, at least. I'm Brutus Maddron, one of the kinesiology professors, and one of your chaperones for this trip, and this Magdelina d'Ancona…." You can call me Mags ," the older woman pipes in, and Katniss knows her instincts were right. She reminds her of a grandmother, or at least what Katniss imagines a grandmother must be like from the pictures on Madge's shelf. " Yes, Mags, one of the humanities professors and the organizer of this trip. Every year we run one of these spring break trips and we're glad to see familiar faces," he nods at a small man and woman in the front, both wearing brightly colored checkered shirts and horn-rimmed glasses. Katniss notices that they seem close, and she hopes that they aren't a couple. Ugh. She hates couples. " As well as some new additions," he nods at a few other students, and then at Katniss and the stranger beside her. She still can't bring herself to look over at him, but she swears she can still feel him looking at her. " Just a few announcements, and you guys can go back to your phones or your i-whatevers and I'll leave you alone. Firstly, get to know the person next to you. They'll be your partners at the worksite, so get used to working together. And second, this is a 17 hour trip, so get comfortable. There are eight more students and two more chaperones in the other van, and the university is not going to pay to put twenty people up in a hotel, so this is the best we could do. We'll be trading off four drivers, each in four and a half hour shifts, so no one gets tired. We'll have bathroom breaks every three hours, or sooner if someone needs, and we'll stop for food every five hours while everyone is awake. I suggest you stock up on snack foods at the next gas station we stop at, if you didn't already bring any . Everything you need to know should be in your packets, and if you have any more questions, you could ask Mags. Not me. Now let's make sure I check you in so you get credit for being here. Delilah Cartwright !" " Here! It's Delly, actually. Delilah was my grandmother's…." " Wow, thanks for the special glimpse into your life, but just say 'here' so I can check your name off the list, okay everyone?" Katniss tries to stifle a smirk as she notices Delly and Thom for the first time sitting in