Warning: This story contains explicit sex, strong language, and some "taboo" consensual sexual acts. Please refrain from reading if this offends you. AN: This was originally supposed to be Tumblr drabble prompt but it got out of control. It is dedicated to Famousfremus because I'm her beta, because she encouraged me (twisted my arm) to write this, because I love her, and because I'd teased her enough. She earned this. Peeta loosened his tie as he pulled onto his street, wondering if Katniss would be home. What a day. He was stressed, tired, and still a little pissed from the fight last night. Damnit. The fight. He still hadn't talked to Katniss since he'd stormed out, and he had to stop himself from trying to call her all day to apologize, from telling her how much he loved her and that he couldn't live without her. And he couldn't . God, he was pathetic. But he was still pissed. He could count on one hand the all the times he had ever really been angry with her, and this was one of them. But that still hadn't stopped him from thinking about her all day long. Even now, just the thought of what he was going to do to her was enough to make his cock ache like a sore tooth. Johanna had promised the plan would work. They could both be happy, he could prove his point, and Katniss would learn her lesson. And she'd sworn Katniss would like it; hell, that she was going to love it. She'd better . Johanna may be one of his best friends, but he'd told her not to interfere and she'd insisted on butting in. At this point Peeta wasn't above firing her meddling ass if things went south. He wondered again if Katniss had gotten the text he'd sent. He almost hadn't sent it; he'd deleted and re-typed more than 10 times, wondering if she'd even play ball. But he knew a few things about Katniss after almost four years with her. For one thing, she couldn't resist a challenge. For another, she couldn't resist make-up sex, even if she was still holding a grudge. He was thankful that they hardly ever fought, but sometimes the making up was certainly worth it. And lastly, she couldn't resist him . God, he fucking loved that about her. He couldn't help thinking about last week when she pulled him into the bathroom at his brother's surprise party and set to work sucking his cock with wild abandon while he white-knuckled the bathroom sink. Then she'd spent the rest of the night whispering dirty things in his ear when no one was looking and making a show of staring seductively at him while she played with the straw on her drink with her tongue. They were barely out of the driveway before he had his hand down the front of her jeans, drawing soft circles on her clit while she moaned and bucked her hips into his hand. It had taken every ounce of control he had not to pull the car over and take her on the side of the road. As it was, they hadn't even made it into the house before they gave into their urges and he ended up bending her over the hood of the car while he pounded her to a screaming release. Thankfully their garage was enclosed and it was a dark night. Shit. He groaned as he looked down at the tent in his pants. Fucking Katniss . She had this effect on him every damn time. The more he thought about it, the less significant the fight seemed, really. While his brothers or co-workers were complaining about their cold-as-ice girlfriends and wives, he had Katniss, the girl he'd wanted since he was five years old, in his bed every night, and she wanted him. Every damn day, she wanted him. And she loved him, he knew that. And she was perfect. Messy? Jesus, yes. Impatient? Definitely. Impetuous? Oh yes. Stubborn? As a damn mule. But god was she perfect. He mused over the argument as he got out of the car, not bothering to open the garage and pull the car in. He wasn't sure what kind of reception he'd be getting so it was best to have an exit strategy, just in case. As he made his way to the front door, suddenly the plan didn't seem as good as it did this morning when he was angry and sleep deprived and fucking Katniss-deprived . Silence greeted him as he passed through the threshold. It was either a good sign or a really bad one. He dropped his keys on the front table and shed his suit jacket. He started to feel panic creep in. The house was deathly silent, not even the sound of the TV muffled the thuds of his heavy footfalls as he made his way towards the kitchen. He looked down as he checked his phone for the umpteenth time today, disappointed to see still nothing from Katniss. Complete radio silence for the last 18 hours. Not that he was counting. He pulled up the text message he had sent her earlier and read it over again. Damnit . Why had he listened to Johanna's stupid idea? It was bad enough that Katniss felt the need to sometimes talk about their sex life with one of his best friends, who also happened to work for him, but now he was taking advice from her, too? Based on something he'd done on a whim once when he was drunk? He groaned, grabbing a beer from the fridge and popping it open as made his way into the living room. Tonight, he would wallow, nurse his hurt and his anger, and tomorrow he would find Katniss, beg her to come back and forget the fight, and the stupid text he had sent. Maybe he could…. Holy shit. Peeta stopped short at the sight in front of him, any thoughts he may have had quickly dissipating as the blood swiftly made its way from his brain down to his hardening cock. He gulped down a large swig of beer as he took in the sight before him. Katniss was perched on the couch, wearing one of his white dress shirts, with black-and-gold-strapped heels and black stockings, her signature braid draped over her shoulder. Johanna was getting a raise. A big fat fucking raise. As she stood, her bottom lip between her teeth, her grey eyes met his, looking excited but contrite. Good . She hadn't forgotten why they were doing this. As he let his gaze scan the rest of her body, he could see her erect nipples through the white fabric and he resisted the urge to grab her by the braid and slam himself into her right then and there. Later, he told himself . He took a long breath to try and calm himself. That would come later. As he trailed his gaze down lower, he noticed the flash of a garter belt peeking out. Shit. A cake. He'd bake Johanna a damn cake. 7 layers. Filled. Whatever she wanted. He focused his attention back on Katniss and the task at hand. He reached up and loosened his tie just a little bit more and resisted the urge to loosen his pants, too. Fuck, they felt so tight against his dick right now. He watched her grey eyes darken just a fraction and he knew she could tell the effect she was having. Time to take back the upper hand. She wasn't going to get it tonight, no matter how fucking hot she looked. He said he was going to teach her a lesson, and he meant it. By the end of the night, he'd have her begging for his cock, and the only word she'd remember how to say would be his name. As she stepped towards him, he stepped back fractionally, staying just out of her reach. "So you're home." He smiled at her, knowing what kind of effect it had on her, and was pleased to see the look of longing flash on her face. She may be good at masking her emotions, but he could read her like a book. "Yes, you said, ummm, you said to be waiting for you, right?" She was nervously picking at the end of her braid as she bit down on her bottom lip. Fuck, he wondered if she knew how sexy she was when she did that? Her gaze lowered to the floor. "Are you still mad at me? I didn't know if…"Her voice wavered. "…You've never just left like that. I didn't know if you were coming back or what was…." She trailed off again and he had to resist the urge cradle her in his arms and tell her everything is going to be okay. Inwardly, he began to feel that pull, feel himself responding to her on a molecular level, but outwardly, he kept his expression blank as he stared at her, watching her grow more uncomfortable with each passing second. That's another thing he knows about her. She sure doesn't like it when the tables are turned. He took some more time to drink in the sight of her now that she's standing; from her long legs to the now-exposed dip between her breasts, to her long slender neck, and back up to those molten grey eyes. He locks eyes with her again and he can see her breath hitch as her eyes darken with lust. Inwardly, he smiles. Perfect. He was initially kind of nervous about this whole idea. Katniss usually hates being told what to do and part of him thought she might be obstinate just to spite him. She sure as hell was last night. He tenses his jaw as he thinks of the fight once more, just enough to let a little of the anger course through his veins. That stupid fucking fight . It wasn't even so much the fight, really, but what had transpired during, and the way she had reacted. He let a little more of the fury seep in as he felt himself moving towards her, taking one last swig of beer from the bottle before slamming it down on an end table. The whole thing had started out innocently enough; asking her to please not leave her dishes all over the house. Was that really too much to ask? For fuck's sake, she didn't even do the dishes. He did. And that was fine. But was it really too much to ask that she not leave them everywhere she went in the goddamn house !? He could tell she picked up on his mood shift as he stalked toward her; she began slowly walking backwards until she was backed against the wall. He quickened his pace as he reached her, his body unconsciously craving hers after being without it for almost an entire day. He stood close, pressing his body against hers and lowering his mouth to the shell of her ear. "Going somewhere, sweetheart?" He rubbed the tip of his nose along her jaw and reveled in her scent, somehow always earthy and sweet. He almost forgot how intoxicating it was. She arched her back, pressing her hips into his erection, already sensitive from the anticipation. He growled into her neck and bit down on the sensitive flesh there. She moaned as she threw her head back, her hips rolling into his again as she dug her nails into his arms. He could feel himself preparing to abandon the plan and lose himself inside her until she uttered the one word that would remind him why he was doing this in the first place. His name . He stopped his ministrations to a moan of protest and peeled her fingers off of his arms as he looked her into her lust-hazed eyes and prodded her.