Summary: Snapshots of falling in love, of falling out of love, of passionate love, of love between family and love between friends. About those who have loved but shouldn't have, and those who cannot love. A/N: Guys, I listened to too many love songs on Pandora, and suddenly I really wanted to write a Valentine's day fic. XxX When Harry falls in love with Ginny, it is in the middle of war, in the middle of a big great mission to defeat one of the greatest and darkest wizards of all time, and he doesn't want to die without knowing what it feels like to love. When he kisses her, he feels something click into place, and he realizes that this is what it feels live to fall in love: overwhelming, like dropping off a cliff, with his heart in his throat, and the only thing he can feel is her warmth and her passion. When he breaks up with her to travel across the country in search of Horcruxes, he does it with a lump in his chest, and he still loves her so, so much, but he can't put her in danger, he can't bear to. When he leaves, he feels like he's leaving a little bit of something behind, and he only feels whole again when he sees her again, dusty and bloody and fierce and beautiful after the battle at Hogwarts. XxX Remus never expects to find requited love. He's a werewolf, and there's a great mountain in front of all werewolves, a wall made from people's stigma and prejudice. People say he's dangerous, feral, ruthless, savage, and he'll probably only find understanding friends in the Order. Then he meets Nymphadora, a lively younger woman who has the luxury of changing her appearance to whatever she wants, and he envies her. She can be whomever she wants, be with whomever she wants, and although he loves her clumsiness and dedication and bravery and earnest nature, he knows she will never love a decrepit old werewolf like him. And then she does, and he's so grateful to have her, to love her and care for her and fight with her. Their baby boy is every more beautiful and wonderful, and Remus is dumbfounded that he's found himself a family at all, let alone one so wonderful. When he and his wife fall together, well, it's not the worst way to die, fighting for a cause he believes in and beside the woman he loves. XxX Cho first meets Cedric when she accidentally runs into him while in a hurry to get to her next class. She has books clutched to her chest and a bag thumping against her side, and she's not looking at anyone at all because she's busy going over her lessons. Then, next thing she knows, her bag is spilling parchment and quills on the floor, and her books have skidded into a wall in her surprise. When she looks up with an apology on her lips, she's stunned at the apologetic, warm brown eyes and quick, sheepish smile on a handsome face. The boy apologizes profusely, and Cho stutters an apology in return, and when they manage to gather his books, since those have managed to fall out of his bag as well, and stuffed all of her notes back, they're both grinning and laughing at the silliness of it all. He then offers to walk her to her next class, and she spends all of Transfiguration daydreaming and smiling foolishly, not realizing that she's got a gigantic crush on him. When she realizes it's not her name scrawled on the inside of her Potions textbook but rather Cedric's, she can't wait to return the book to him. It means she'll get to see him again. XxX Bellatrix first felt all-consuming, maniacal love for her Master when he was quick and brilliant, with a dangerous smile and enticing words, her Dark Lord, and she's loved him ever since she found that cruel determination in him. She loves his sharp edges and wicked spells, his ruthlessness and disregard for life. It's exciting, living on the precipice of danger, and she is devoted to him. She marries Rodolphus because he seems to hold affection for her, and she knows that her Lord is so magnificent that he would never deign to marry anyone. She ties her life to her fellow Death Eater because her Master orders it, and she complies with his will, just as she follows his every whim. When she bears her Master's child, she is ecstatic, because her Lord gave her a piece of himself, and now she has a part of her Master nobody else has, or will ever have. She doesn't care for Rodolphus's hurt and betrayal, only for approval from her dearest Dark Lord. She loves, and she's mad, and she doesn't care either way. XxX Bill doesn't think he has a snowball's chance in hell with the beautiful French woman, Fleur. She's stunning, and she's beautiful, and she's brave and cunning and so very dazzling, and he can't stop the hard thump of his heart when he sees her or help the way his brain blanks when she speaks to him. He's fallen, and he's fallen hard. Fleur either doesn't notice or ignores the way he acts around her, and he doesn't know whether to be grateful or hurt. Then, one day, she's finally fed up and suggests very strongly that he should take her on a date to that nice Italian restaurant and show her around Diagon Alley, and then he feels like he's flying sky high, on the back of a dragon. But disaster strikes, and he is scarred, and he didn't think he was handsome enough for her in the first place, but now he has scars and likes rare steak and sometimes is moody and she will never love him and- -and then Fleur declares, loudly, that she's beautiful enough for the two of them, and she still loves him, and Bill is so, so thankful that such a strong woman loves him. XxX It's always been GeorgeandFred, or FredandGeorge. They were born together, raised together, realized they loved playing pranks together, and learned the same lessons together. They shared beds until they were too big, and then they shared food and jokes and friends and secrets. They never left each other for long, and could never stay mad at each other either. And then Fred died, and George can't look in mirrors anymore, can't bear the sight of red hair and freckles and not see another identical face grinning back at him. Sometimes he forgets that his other half is gone, and he'll start a sentence, only for the second half to be left unsaid. He sleeps with the pillow they both used when they were little clutched to his chest, and he can't bear to even look at Weasley's Wizard Wheezes and leaves the shop to a manager. His hands always fiddle and pull on the chain that is attached to Fred's hand on the Weasley clock, found by their father on the floor when it falls off the blasted thing sometime after the battle of Hogwarts. He can't play pranks, and he can't laugh, and he feels like there's a piece of him missing, gone, a limb that used to be there but now he can't move it. His heart is in shattered little pieces. XxX Draco's never really had a preference for who he marries. As a pureblood, he's expected to marry into a pureblood family, to raise an heir he can be proud to call a Malfoy and carry the Malfoy legacy. These pressures have not lessened since the war. He must now redeem the Malfoy name, woo a suitable woman who can uphold the responsibilities of a Malfoy wife, and ensure that the name is not dragged through the dirt. In the end, he marries Astoria Greengrass, a beautiful, elegant woman two years younger than he. Maybe he marries her because she's a pureblood, dignified and raised in the correct environment. Maybe he marries her because at least his parents will not look down on her. Maybe he marries her because when she smiles, her eyes sparkle, and there's a warmth that her sister, Daphne, doesn't have. Maybe he marries her because she has spirit, because she doesn't believe muggles are below wizards and she wants to shatter pureblood beliefs. Maybe he marries her because his heart races when she laughs, when she banters with him and daringly jokes in a way nobody else will. XxX Albus never expected himself to fall in love with a male, even if that male is cunning and quick-witted and intelligent in a way nobody's ever been. He falls blindingly and completely for sly dark eyes and blond hair, for that sharp knowledge hiding between a big, grand dream for the magical future. He fights against it, because men aren't supposed to love men, it's disgusting and nasty and unnatural, but he can't help it anyways when Gellert spouts a bright idea, and he falls all over again. But in the end, it isn't meant to be. He realizes how exactly how dangerous and ruthless his best friend is. Albus finds himself at opposite ends of the war with the one he loves, and when he looks down on a defeated man, the elder wand in one hand, he realizes that, for some reason, despite all the atrocities that Gellert has committed, all the men and women and children he's killed, he still loves him. It's hard being in love with a dark wizard, but Albus finds, when he occasionally visits his old friend, he doesn't regret this bittersweet love of his. XxX Ron's path towards love has never been smooth. When he tries to fall in love with Lavender, it fails particularly fantastically, and Ron doesn't think he'll ever feel as humiliated as he does when he sees Hermione escorted by Viktor bloody Krum. He then realizes that oh, he likes her. She's beautiful, with flowing brown locks that look nothing like her usual frizzy hair, and dressed in a gown that put all the other witches to shame. She's stunning, the way she smiles up at Viktor, and he grins down back at her, like he can't even believe he managed to bring her to the Yule Ball. And then disaster hits, and among Voldemort's revival, Dumbledore's death, and then searching for the Deathly Hallows, he's much, much too busy for more than a stray thought to romance. But when he returns to Harry with an arm full of basilisk fangs, riding on his victory and adrenaline, he kisses her, and he's never tasted anything sweeter than Hermione's lips on his. XxX Severus will never forget green eyes and red hair, cheerful smile and sharp wit. He looks back on their childhood days fondly, with bittersweet memories of an abused boy and an adored girl navigating their ways through Hogwarts. He'll remember late-night study sessions in the library, full of the musk of books and the soothing company of someone who has seen him at his worst as a child and still accepts him. Before he knows it, before he knows he shouldn't be falling in love with a mudblood, he's looking at her like she's hung the sun and moon and stars. But then, he finds out that in Slytherin, muggles are filthy, and mudbloods scum, and in a desperate bid for acceptance, he pushes away his only real friend, his first and last love. He reveals his true colors as an opportunistic, traitorous snake, and he turns his back to her. James marries her, and Severus is again alone, serving a cruel Dark Lord and trying his hardest to find a place to belong. In the end, as he hears of that lovely woman, once so full of life, and how she'd died at the hands of his