Summary: Welcome to Death's Crossing, where the alcohol flows free, the bartender is always willing to lend an ear, and the dead visit when they can't move on. A/N: Written in two hours, with a single read-through, so I apologize for mistakes you might find. Taken from writing-prompt-s on Tumblr. Apologies for any canon-breaks are at the A/N. Crossover with One Piece and Naruto (one character from each, but I don't want to spoil the story so I won't reveal any names). Please enjoy! XxX "I don't know how I can live with this anymore!" the man wailed, tears streaming down his face and snot dripping out his nose. He chugged his drink and slammed it on the counter. "Another one!" "You're not even alive, you literally don't have to live with it anymore," Harry intoned, obediently making another whisky sour for the customer. "He doesn't deserve her," the man insisted, immediately grabbing his new glass. Harry eyed him. "He won't take proper care of her!" "You're worried for her," Harry observed as he went back to wiping at his glasses. They were always sparkling clean, but it usually set customers at ease to see a bartender doing something instead of standing around uselessly listening to different drunkards pile their worries on him. "But this guy, I'm sure he'll take care of her. He was close to her before you died, right? I'm sure he cares for her plenty. You don't have to be worried, mate." "B-but…" "No buts. They'll take care of each other, I'm sure of it." "You promise?" The man peered blearily over the rim of his glass and hiccupped. "She'll be okay?" "I swear," Harry promised. He gently tugged the glass out of the man's hand. "I think you've had enough. It's time to move on." The man sniffled. "I'm scared. What if he abandons her? What if he leaves her out in the rain?" "There's nothing you can do about it, even if he did," Harry said bluntly but patiently. "But from what you've said about both of them, I'm sure they'll grow old together and die together and love each other very much." The man sighed. "I-I guess." He quirked a grin at the bartender. "Thanks man. I guess I just needed reassurance before I move on." "You've very welcome." Harry smiled as gently as he could and pointedly nodded at the door. "Don't be scared for her, and don't be scared to move on. Someone very close to me once said that death is the next great adventure. You just have to find the courage to move on." The man wobbled on his stool before standing shakily. He gathered his coat into one arm and patted his pockets sheepishly. "I just wish I had something to pay you with." "No need. It's my job to help troubled souls pass on, and the fact that you've found peace is payment enough." Harry bowed slightly. "Thank you for visiting. Good luck." The man waved his goodbye, and after several fumbled attempts at the doorway, managed to leave the bar and enter the pitch blackness of the Beyond. Harry shook his head. Honestly, he understood that some people could get really attached to their pets, but the fact that the guy had worried so much about his dog that he couldn't pass on before he was reassured she was safe was kind of weird, if not a bit heartwarming. He began rinsing the man's glass when there was a small tinkling sound, signaling the arrival of another troubled soul. He looked up and raised an eyebrow at the customer. The man had long, black hair tied back and red eyes. His face was lined with exhaustion and the same weariness that all departed souls who still had something chaining them to their previous lives had. "Where is this?" the man asked, and Harry nodded in welcome. "Welcome to Death's Crossing. Sit down, have a drink." Harry watched the man cautiously approach the bar and unwrapped his black cloak from around himself. "How can I help you today?" The man swept his eyes around the bar, and Harry could see him categorizing everything, pinpointing escape routes and assessing the danger everything posed. A warrior or soldier, then, and one who had lived through troubled times. These were often the ones that needed Harry's full attention, for him to be as patient as possible to help them move on. "…do you have any rice wine?" the man asked once he'd deemed himself safe. Harry waved his hand to produce a bottle of one of the best rice wines he had. He gently poured it into a small, ceramic cup and slid it to the man. The black haired man sniffed it (Harry couldn't tell if it was to look for poisons or to fully enjoy the liquor) before sipping. "This is good," the man said, surprise coloring his words "I have every kind of drink available in the world," Harry said. He busied himself with rearranging the bottles behind him, patiently waiting for the man to start speaking. Soldiers often needed space and patience. The two men sank into easy silence. The customer occasionally sipped from his cup, and Harry resumed cleaning his glasses. The door rang again, this time much more enthusiastically than his first customer's. "Helloooo? Anyone here?" the customer practically yelled, and Harry sighed. He didn't often get customers at the same time, often because it was harder entertaining two than one. "Welcome to Death's Crossing," Harry called back. The newcomer was also black haired, although his was cropped short into an unruly mess, not too unlike Harry's own. He sported freckles across his cheeks and a carefree smile. There were dark tattoos painted across tan skin (and Harry could tell it was tan, because the man wasn't even wearing a shirt, and there was a lot of skin). "Hey there! I saw this door and figured I should drop in a bit. I found myself out there in the pitch dark and didn't want to hang out by myself anymore," the man explained as he plopped himself beside the first man. He held out a hand to Harry. "My name is Ace." "Harry," the barkeeper nodded. Ace tilted his head expectantly at the other customer. "…Itachi," the man said as he drained his sake. Harry dutifully refilled it. "How can I help you today?" Harry asked. "Gimme some of the strongest stuff you have! Oh, and you got any food?" Harry tilted his head. "I have everything in the world. What do you want?" Ace proceeded to list a staggeringly large amount of food as Harry proved that he could, indeed, whisk up anything in the world. By the time Ace finished, there was a whole baked turkey, several servings of different kinds of casseroles, and a myriad of seafood spread across the bar. Itachi looked mildly disturbed but helped himself to a small serving of rice and fish. "So where are we?" Ace asked through a mouth full of food. Harry mildly chided, "Please mind your manners." Itachi gave his fellow customer a wide-eyed look when Ace proceeded to stuff his face, at one point shoving a whole turkey leg in his mouth and popping out the bone clean. "You're at the crossing between life and death and have found yourself here because you still have something tying you to the living world, whether it be regret, love, or hatred. I'm here to help you through it so that you can pass on." "We're dead?" Itachi asked cuttingly, narrowing his red eyes. Harry noted that the pupils had begun spinning. Cool. "Dead as a doorknob," Harry replied cheerfully. Ace slowed down his eating, and Harry was glad he didn't have to find out whether an already dead man could die again from choking. "That's why I remember…" Ace trailed off, setting down a plate of mashed potatoes he was about to pour down his throat. He cleared his throat and swallowed. "I remember my last moments." Harry nodded. "Many don't. The fact that you do means that you don't have many regrets, nor are you particularly opposed to moving on. You just need something small, a nudge to move on again." "You expect me to believe that I'm dead?" Itachi asked lowly, and Harry shifted his attention to the long-haired man. He stood up, expressionless. "I do not know what trick you are playing on me, nor do I care. I am leaving." "You're allowed to leave, but you won't find anything out there until you're at peace with yourself," Harry gestured at the door. Itachi paused as he stood. "How much do I owe?" "Nothing." Itachi only narrowed his eyes before sweeping out of the bar. Ace thoughtfully took a bite out of an orange without even peeling it. Harry wrinkled his nose. "What was that about?" "He probably doesn't remember dying." Harry cleared out the dishes and wiped the bar down. The rice wine went onto the shelf behind him. Itachi would return, so it would be better for Harry to keep it close instead of disappearing it. "Many souls who are conflicted with their death don't remember it." "But I remember." "You remember because you've already accepted your death, and you don't regret it. It's not death you have a problem with, it's something else." Ace dragged his spoon around in his mashed potatoes, his seemingly black hole of a stomach satisfied for now. He admitted, "I'm worried." "Worried for whom?" "My little brother. My crew. My friends and family," Ace said. He peered up at Harry, and even if he was a grown man, Ace seemed like a child seeking reassurance. "I died in the middle of a big battle, protecting someone. And…" "You're worried for everyone you've left behind," Harry said quietly. He produced a glass of whiskey and slid it over to the man. "Yeah. How do I know if they're okay? How do I know my family aren't hurt? I know that I can't go back, and I know I can't do anything about it, but…" Ace threw back the alcohol, and Harry mourned the loss of quality whiskey. Who just drank the whole thing without even pausing to savor it? "…but I still worry." "That's natural," Harry said as he tried to think of a drink Ace probably wouldn't just drain like it was water. "It's natural to worry about everyone you've left behind. Your family, your friends, your lover…their memories make it hard to move on. The worry eats you alive. But you know what? "The world keeps turning without you on it. It will always keep turning, until the last man dies. All we can do is keep faith and trust in those who live. Trust in those you know, that they will overcome your death and honor your memory. Believe that they are strong enough to carry on, and believe in them as people. "You're dead now, and there's nothing you can do about it. Maybe your family will die tomorrow, maybe they will die in fifty years. Maybe they'll emerge victorious in battle or fall on the blades of your enemies. You cannot influence the living world anymore, and all you can do is wait. So rest. Rest peacefully, and put your faith in the fact that one day, you will see them again in the Beyond." Harry looked up to see Ace face-first in his food, small snores emanating from his drooling mouth. He huffed. Honestly, it took him ages to perfect that speech, and this guy just goes and falls asleep in the middle of it? Harry put down his glass, vanished all the food and cleaned the bar top. When Ace's face was free of leftovers, Harry laid a hand on his head and smiled gently. "It's okay to rest now." XxX "…and then boom! Pow! The whole ship went up in flames! And here I am, in