The Emerald and the Sapphire Chapter 1 The Slytherin common room was anything but peaceful this evening. Daphne Greengrass, Ice Queen of Slytherin, sat on the couch next to her friend Tracy Davis. All of Slytherin was congregated in their common room. "What do you think this is going to be about?" she whispered to Tracy. "I don't know, but the looks on Malfoy and his hangers-on don't inspire me to think that this is going to be an invitation to a knitting circle." she whispered back. "Dear Merlin I hope not, I hate knitting." Daphne giggled. The common room dorm burst open with Snape entering in his own unique style, cloak billowing behind him as he came to a stop before the seated Slytherins. "The time has come for you all to finally declare your allegiance. The Dark Lord is patient, but not that patient! He requires us to serve him, and serve him we shall. Defy him at your peril!" he declared in his condescending voice with overtones of malice that he usually has when he spoke. Daphne's blood turned ice cold at the man's declaration. She thought that she'd have more time! She didn't believe the rumors that HE had returned, how could she, as he'd been dead or gone for more than a decade. "You must move away from me Tracy!" whispered Daphne to her friend. "What the hell are you talking about? I'm not leaving your side!" "Ladies, was there something either of you wished to discuss?" asked Snape menacingly. "Forgive us, sir, we thought we'd have more time to learn and improve ourselves to better serve him." she said ducking her head in obeisance. He gave her a sneer, "You will serve him now, Miss Greengrass, or you and your family will learn the cost of defying our Master." "As you order, Professor!" she said deferentially. "The Dark Lord has ordered House Slytherin to either kidnap or assassinate the Potter brat. I would prefer it if you kill him, but, won't be disappointed if you capture him and bring him to me in less than perfect condition. This must be accomplished before the weekend. I would suggest you work in teams, and although I doubt that the brat could best any of you, I am a cautious man and urge you to use your Slytherin nature to see him ended." Draco stood next to his godfather, a horrible and evil grin on his face. "My father has promised ten thousand galleons to the team that brings in Potter dead. Twenty thousand if you bring him in alive." "Tracy, you must ally yourself with someone else. I will be dead soon, and I will not be the cause of your death." "What the hell are you talking about, Daph? We'll just stay in the background like usual; let these cannibalistic apes and their snaky master deal with it." "I can't, I'm bound by magic!" she hissed. "If you value your life, leave my side now! If I am able to escape I will contact you and explain everything." Daphne stood, and with a bow to Snape, quietly and quickly made her way out of the common room. "Greengrass, where the hell do you think you're going?" asked Malfoy harshly. "And what's it to you, Draco?" "You know Greengrass, I am getting sick and tired of your attitude! Don't think that just because you're pretty you will escape punishment for defying me." "I'm not defying you, Malfoy, I'm ignoring you. Go get the trolls and start your hunt for the golden boy, you'll need all the help you can get if you have to go up against Potter." "You think I need help to defeat that half-blood piece of filth?" he yelled. "Please, save me the platitudes. In five years at Hogwarts you haven't bested him a single time. In fact, he's defeated you every single time you've gone up against him, hasn't he? Draco reddened in anger at that remark, "Oh, and I suppose you have a plan?" She smiled contemptuously at him, "I'm more of a man than you'll ever be, Draco. And as far as Potter goes, you think even one such as he could resist my charms?" "You'd give yourself to the half-blood?" he screeched. "If it accomplishes the mission, then yes, I believe I would. Now run along, Malfoy, I've better things to do than to stand here and listen to you moan." she turned haughtily with a last disdainful look at the blonde git. "Stop, Miss Greengrass!" said Snape as he approached his two Slytherins. "I would know what your plans are regarding the Potter brat." "Easy, I will use my feminine wiles to get close to him. He'll not be able to resist." "So confident in your abilities, are you Greengrass?" spat Malfoy. "At least I have abilities, Malfoy!" "No…there's something else…" Snape's left hand reached out to grab her as his right hand brought his wand to her eye-level, "Legilimens!" The pain of the mental attack was excruciating. Daphne had adequate defenses, having been trained in occlumency for several years, but her defenses were no problem for the Slytherin Head of House. She tried with all her strength to break away, but Snape had her in an iron grip. Her defenses were failing. "You will reveal yourself to me!" he shouted at her, increasing the power his attack. He finally broke through, and started ransacking her mind and looking for any information he could about her plans. He smiled evilly at her as he broke the spell, "Draco, do me a favor and bring Miss Greengrass down to my lab. I believe a dose of veritaserum is called for. Her defenses are strong, the information I gathered was incomplete. She intended to inform Mr. Potter about or plans, but I couldn't find out why." "She was going to betray us?" he yelled as he threw a punch at the defenseless girls face. She yelped in pain, and crumpled to the floor. Draco continued his assault, kicking her as hard as he possibly could. "Draco, you're a wizard, are you not? Stop attacking her like a filthy muggle and do some real damage, just don't kill her yet." he said coldly as he turned and marched off toward his laboratory. "I think I'm going to have fun with you tonight, Greengrass. And I think I will invite my 'trolls' to join in on the fun after I'm done with you." he said as he kicked her again. He got on one knee next to her and started ripping at her robes, shredding and tearing in a fit of anger and malevolence. Her ribs felt like they were burning, her mouth filled with blood, but in as much pain as she was in she was still able to reach for her wand. Luckily Malfoy, in his rage, had not thought to take it from her. Gripping it tightly in her hand she whipped it at his face, "Incarcerous!" She got up slowly, wincing at the extreme pain that coursed through her entire body. She staggered down the long hallway, intent on making it to the infirmary. 'Pomfrey will help!' she thought as she forced herself forward. She needed more time. She needed to tell Harry…she needed to get to Harry. The girl, bleeding and bruised, walked slowly and painfully towards the infirmary. Her split lip aching, her eyes swollen almost shut; she held her ribs tenderly as every breath she took was agonizing. 'I'm almost there', she kept thinking, willing herself to keep placing one foot in front of the other. She did her best to cover herself up as well, her robes having been torn to shreds during the attack. But she never made it; darkness overtook her and the floor rushed up to greet her. OoOOooOOoo Harry had had enough of the wizarding world. Enough of the pain, enough of the betrayal, enough of being alone in the world. He'd lost his godfather only months before, a godfather who was one of the last remaining links to his parents, a man he'd grown to love in a short time. Discarded at his abusive relatives' house like so much trash, abandoned by those he considered his friends. Left to deal with the grief all alone, he'd returned to Hogwarts after the summer holiday a nearly broken young man. He was thankful for Luna though, and Neville, for continuing to be supportive despite their injuries during the fight at the Department of Mysteries. He'd grabbed his cloak deciding that wandering the halls of the school suited his mood better than being in the Gryffindor common room this night. Ron and Hermione glared at him, but he ignored it, having decided that he'd rather be completely alone than attached to those two supposed friends. It was actually quite enlightening, he considered, how tough times revealed the essence of a person; or persons in this case. He now knew who his true friends were. Yes, they were few, but they were true. Harry had decided at the beginning of the school year to better himself from the rather lazy student he'd been and change himself into the kind of student he thought his Mom would be proud of. He'd been studying relentlessly and even found himself atop the academic leader board, beating even the know-it-all in some subjects. He relied on himself to get things done, he studied hard, did his homework, kept his head down. Even that person who passed for a DADA teacher, Snape, had no cause to punish him as he refused to give in to his constant baiting. He walked around the lake for some time, finally sitting beneath the gigantic oak tree that had become his spot. Hedwig would join him on occasion, as she did this night, and alighted on his shoulder to comfort her master. Time passed silently, broken only by the occasional hoots form the snowy owl. Noticing that the time was late, Harry put his cloak back on, and after giving Hedwig a final caress, made his way back to the castle. 'Dammit,' he thought, finding an obstacle in his way, 'Filch!' He stood stock still, and waited as the insufferable man and his mangy cat had vanished. He took a different route back to his room, cursing himself for having forgotten to grab his map. He heard in the distance the muffled sound of dragging feet and the groans of pain. As he turned the corner, curious enough to investigate, he noticed the figure of the solitary young lady who was steadying herself with a hand on the wall as she shuffled along. Stopping, he noticed the girl wore Slytherin robes that were torn and crusted with dirt and blood. He must have made a sound, because the girl slowly swiveled her head towards him before crumbling in heap on the floor. Harry rushed to her, kneeling as he approached, and was shocked at the condition of the girl. Taking her in his arms, and being as careful with his cargo as he could, made his way towards the infirmary. A sense of foreboding intruded on his mind, a sense that told him that as injured as the girl was, taking her to the infirmary would be the wrong thing to do. He was proven correct as he heard ominous footfalls approaching. "Find her!" intoned Snape coldly. "Check the infirmary, she would have probably tried to make it there." said Malfoy coldly to his two trolls. "She can't be allowed to live!" Harry quickly and silently moved away from the group and quickly found a deserted classroom in which to hide. "Dobby?" he whispered. "Harry Potter sir calls Dobby? Dobby is most happy Harry Potter sir has called?" "Can you take us to the come-and -go room please? I found this girl, she's injured, and I need to help her." Dobby looked at the unconscious girl in his master's arms, and the