Chapter 1 Harry Potter willed himself to get up from his prone position on the cupboard floor. He was still sore; the bruising had started to yellow, as the pain from his Uncle's latest beating slowly subsided. He was thankful that today was the day he'd finally be able to leave the hellhole that had become Privet Drive. His going to that 'freak school' had been what had instigated the thrashing he'd endured, thankful that in the end his Uncle and Aunt had agreed that having him out of their hair for most of the year was preferable than the alternative of having to put up with him constantly. "Well come on boy, I haven't the patience to be waiting on you today! Get your things together and get a move on." said Vernon Dursley as he led the rest of his family towards the car. Harry struggled with the weighty trunk, but finally managed to muscle it into the trunk. He grabbed Hedwig's cage and propped it on his lap as he sat in the back seat beside his cousin. It was a quiet ride to the station, something that Harry was very grateful for. He was also glad that Vernon actually stopped the car to let him out, rather than being pushed out of the moving vehicle like he expected he would be. Finally rid of his abominable family, Harry quietly made his way towards the station. He was a bit stunned by the enormous size of the place; the mass of people also gave him a bit of a scare as he was wasn't used to being around such a crowd. "It's alright Hed, we'll be out of here soon, I don't like this anymore than you do." he whispered to the snowy owl who barked in agreement. He headed over to platform nine, hoping to find someone that would be able to lead him in the correct direction. It was then that he noticed the young pretty girl, a girl who had the most stunning auburn hair color he'd ever seen. She was pushing a cart that had a trunk on it as well, just like he did, with a beautiful brown owl in its gilded cage. "Come Susan, or we'll be late. Not something you want to miss, your first ride on the Express!" said the woman walking next to her with a smile. The older woman had hair just like the young girl, Susan he now knew, and walked with an air of authority he'd never seen anyone carry themselves with. Harry followed the pair, fairly certain that they were also headed to the same destination that he was trying to get too. It was Susan who noticed the skinny boy with glasses following them. He wore ragged clothing, his hair was a mess, and had signs of being in a fight if the bruises on his cheek were any indication. "Auntie, I think we may have company." Susan said nodding her head towards Harry. Susan's aunt stopped and turned towards the young man that seemed to be following them. "Can we help you, young man?" said Amelia as she turned towards the flabbergasted Harry. "I'm sorry, I don't mean to be following you. It's just that this is my first time to King's Cross station, and I'm a bit lost. I noticed you both were seemed to be familiar with the place, and so…" "Decided to follow us so you could hopefully get to where you're going?" inquired Amelia. "Yes, ma'am, I hope I didn't cause you any fright, as that was not my intention." answered Harry. "I take it you are going to Hogwarts? If so, please join us, we'd be more than happy to make sure you make it to the correct place. I'm Amelia Bones by the way, and this is my niece Susan. And you are…?" "Harry, ma'am, Harry Potter, it's nice to meet you both." he said extending a hand to the woman. Amelia was shocked into silence. Here he was, the boy-who-lived, looking like an orphan who'd just stepped out the pages of Oliver Twist! She noticed the bruising on his cheeks, and with the experience of a trained Auror, knew that the young man before her had been recently beaten. That the savior of the wizarding world appeared to her like an abused child was angering her more than she could possibly put into words. That the stories circulating that young Lord Potter was raised in privilege and comfort was an obvious fabrication, one which she would get to the bottom of. She promised herself to look into his situation, it was the least she could do for her friends James and Lily. Susan for her part was a bit star-struck. "A pleasure to meet you, Harry." she stammered. She looked around, searching for something and added, "Where are your guardians? Why are you here all by yourself with no idea how to get to the Express?" "Oh, you mean my aunt and uncle? They had things to do today, so left me at the curb. We said our goodbye's there." he answered timidly, looking down at his shoes. Amelia could feel that those words were only half true. It was more likely that Harry's family had stopped only long enough get him out of their car before speeding away. "Your aunt and uncle are muggles, Harry?" she asked curiously. "Muggles, ma'am? You mean non-magical? Yes, ma'am, I guess they are muggles." "Well, come on then, Harry. Let's get you both on the train before it leaves." "Yeah, Harry, stick with us and we'll make sure you get to Hogwarts in one piece." added Susan with a kind smile. Harry hoped that in the future the young girl would smile at him like that a lot more. He nodded his head, and followed along behind the two, thankful to have found someone kind enough to help a lost Harry out. "Harry, if I could ask you please, where is Professor McGonagall? Why isn't she with you?" asked the woman seriously. "Professor McGonagall, ma'am? I'm sorry, but I don't know who that is. Is she someone I should have known before coming to school?" asked Harry. "She's the Deputy Headmistress of Hogwarts, Harry. And if you were raised in the muggle world, it was her duty to either inform you about the world you are now joining, or at the very least, accompanied you today to make sure you made the Express without any problem." "Hagrid was the one who came and saw me. He gave me my letter for the school and helped me get the things I would need from Diagon Alley. He was very kind." said a smiling Harry. "Hagrid! They sent Hagrid to introduce you to our culture?" Amelia asked more than a little miffed. Amelia was now seething, the revelations of the last few minutes causing her to re-evaluate all she knew about the placement and treatment of this young earnest man before her. Harry shrunk back a bit at the tone the witch had used, hoping that he'd done nothing to anger her. Amelia noticed this, cursing herself for her lack of restraint. "I'm sorry Harry; I didn't mean to frighten you. You've done nothing wrong. I'm just a little surprised at the fact that Hagrid was tasked with that duty. He's a gentle soul, but not the kind of person who should have been given such an important duty." "He did alright, ma'am, he's the one who got me Hedwig here for my birthday. I'll be forever grateful for that to him." said Harry a bit defiantly, standing up for the first friend he'd made in the magical world. Amelia nodded at Harry, acknowledging that Hagrid had probably done as fine a job as he was able. He wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed, but he would never do wrong by Harry. She'd have to think before speaking from here on out. This young man was every bit as bright as her mother, but being the son of Lily Potter, that shouldn't have surprised her in the least bit. "Well, here we are, this is platform 9 ¾, Harry. I'll walk through first so you can see what's going to happen. You come through next, and Susan will bring up the rear, okay?" Amelia said disappearing from view as she strode through the illusion. "Its okay, Harry, I'll be right behind you." said Susan, as she boldly took hold of Harry's hand. It was in that instant that Susan knew that Harry Potter was going to be a part of her life forever. She had one friend, Hannah Abbott, but now she had two. A cute one too! Harry blushed a bit at Susan's gesture, but squeezed her hand gently as he gathered up his courage and pushed his cart at the wall. He was surprised to find a platform full of people had appeared before him. The loud whistle from the bright red Express echoing off the walls, failing though to overcome the loud noises from the gathered people as they wished their children a good year at school. Susan smiled at him as she joined them. She grabbed his hand again, "See, I told you I'd be right behind you!" "Yes, you did Susan. Thank you, I couldn't have done it without you." he said sincerely. "Alright you two, off you go! Susan, I shall see you soon. Harry, it was a pleasure to meet you. Would you mind terribly if I pop by Hogwarts and ask you a few questions. It's nothing bad. I assure you, I think that I would like to get to know you a bit better is all. Would that be alright?" requested Amelia. "Sure, I don't mind at all. Besides, you know where to find me, don't you?" he said with a twinkle in his eye that reminded her so much of his father, James. ooOOooOOoo Harry and Susan had quickly found an empty compartment towards the back of the Express. Harry had lifted her and his trunks into the overhead bin after much struggling, and had settled down into the comfortable seats to begin their journey to Hogwarts. "Harry, tell me about your life?" asked Susan curiously. Harry cringed a bit at that, something Susan noticed, but settled down before answering her question. "My life was not great. My aunt and uncle, my cousin too I suppose, all treated me very…unkindly." It felt odd to him, that he was about to spill his deepest shame to this girl he'd only just met. But he somehow knew he could, and that she wouldn't judge him because of the hell he'd been put through his whole life. "I suppose you could say I was like a slave to them," Susan gasped, "cooking, cleaning, laundry, yard work, I did it all. I lived in this little cupboard that was under the stairs. I've never had clothes of my own; using whatever my cousin had grown out of instead. If ever they didn't like what I did, my uncle would hit me." he hung his head in shame. Susan got up from her seat and moved next to Harry. She embraced him tightly, tears streaming down her face. "What kind of people would do that to family?" she asked. "I honestly don't know, Susan. You want to know something? This is the first hug I have ever gotten!" he said. Susan jerked her head back in disbelief. "You've never been hugged? That's so sad Harry! Well, we're just going to have to remedy, won't we? You, Mr. Potter, are going to be getting hugged a lot from here on out!" Harry blushed a little, "As long as they're from you, Susan; I don't think I'll have a problem with that." Susan was grateful Harry couldn't see her face, as she buried her head into his shoulder and blushed fiercely. "Susan Bones, just what the