Ancient lovers believed a kiss would literally unite their souls, because the spirit was said to be carried in one's breath. —Eve Glicksman Disclaimer: All intellectual and property rights of Harry Potter belongs to J.K. Rowling. Book rights belong to Scholastic Books, Bloomsbury Books, Raincoast Books, Orbit Books, and any others I may have missed. The film rights belong to Warner Brothers. The world of Harry Potter is being used without permission and without the intent of infringing upon these rights. No profit is being made. If you recognize it, it belongs to JKR. If you don't recognize it, there is still a strong chance it belongs to JKR. The seldom and rare things that JKR doesn't claim as her own and could be construed as mine I release to Public Domain. This work was not beta read. If you, the reader, find anything in error, feel free to let me know and I will endeavor to fix it if I can. As such, thank you for making this better for the next reader. Anyone who wants to beta read this story, please let me know. As with the world itself, this adventure started with a kiss. A kiss like no other before nor any other since; kisses can be given in jest, in love, or in friendship, and the only thing more dangerous than a kiss not meant is one that is. They say, and by they it is understood that what is meant is a bunch of old, daft coots with nothing better to do, that it is in that singular moment when two people kiss for the first time that their souls connect; their lips are the bridges that stand, opened or closed, betwixt the two essences. And, for that fleeting moment, they become one soul in two bodies. Only once has those souls remained wedded after the kiss was done. Our story begins in the year 1991, September first, at King's Cross Station. A rail station in London, England that was very busy trafficking people to and fro. Included among these gentry were the young witches and wizards on their way to Hogwarts, the only school of magic in all of Britain. Young Harry Potter was just starting his first year there. Alone, lost, orphaned, and confused, his uncle had left him at the station all by himself. Harry was looking, unaided, for his platform, not knowing it was hidden away, when he heard a voice of hope. "... packed with muggles like every year." Harry turned and saw a group of redheads moving through the crowd. Approaching them, he finally saw one of them clearly, a little girl. "Mommy, why can't ..." Did she sense him staring? Is that why she turned to look his way? Harry had tunnel vision; all he could see was the redheaded girl. It was like she filled his vision. Without realizing it, they closed the distance between them. Now, they really did fill each other's vision as they closed their eyes, leaned in, and kissed. Somewhere, in the depths of their haze, they vaguely registered the sound of someone screaming. Harry and Ginny fell into an embrace. While she was a year younger, he was short; their heights matched well for easy kissing. And as they kissed, a glow erupted from Harry's scar. A beam of light shot from Harry as the two begin to glow and float up into the air. The Weasleys could only gawk speechlessly. Far to the north, in a castle in Scotland, the staff of Hogwarts were setting down for an 11 O'Clock lunch. There was much to do and a big feast to leave room for, so on September First, they customarily had an early and light lunch. There was still about ten minutes to spare before the food would be served. The teachers spent it unwinding and chatting. Minerva leaned towards Albus Dumbledore. "So, care to wager a guess as to which house Harry Potter will be sorted into?" Dumbledore affected his best disinterested look. "Minnie, you know I am not a betting man. But if I were, I'd bet my hat he'll be in Gryffindor." Meanwhile, Professor Snape was conversing with Professor Quirrell. "How is your lesson plan coming along? Do you intend to use the same one you made before your sabbatical, or has your field trip inspired any changes?" "I, I, I plan to m-m-ma-make some ch-changes," Quirrell stuttered. Just then, Snape overheard the topic of Professor McGonagall's conversation with the headmaster and he sneered. Quirrell, however, began screaming when a beam of white light speared him in his head. He began to writhe in pain as his body slowly levitated up off his chair. His pained gesticulations dislodged the turban from his head, revealing a face on the backside of his bald head. The other professors, who had gathered around to help, gasped in shock at the sight of Quirrell's second face. "Tom?" Dumbledore breathed the question out, too surprised to exclaim it. Five beams of pure white light erupted from Quirrell, each heading off in their own individual direction. Soon, six pulses of light arrived along each of the beams, joining inside Quirrell. The beams faded out shortly after. Quirrell stopped screaming, only to drop to the floor with a meaty thud. However, left floating in his place was a screaming, squirming, ghostly shade of Lord Voldemort. "Damn you, Potter," the specter of Voldemort cursed in anger and pain before it disappeared in a flash of light and a bang of thunder. Quirrell blinked spots out of his eyes before noticing the disapproving frowns of his fellow teachers. "Blimey!" Hagrid swore. "He didn't even make it as far as the feast." Molly was becoming aware of all the muggles who were pointing and staring at the two kids floating and glowing. She knew this could turn ugly. The two were still kissing when a ball of light erupted from Harry's scar and disappeared down the beam of light. The light beam and glow faded soon after, and the two kids collapsed in a heap on the ground. Both seemed to be dazed and shell shocked. "Wow!" Harry said in a breathy voice. "I don't think I can feel my legs." Molly sprung into action. "Percy, go find the Head Boy. Get a message to Professor Dumbledore. Fred, make sure Ron and all the trunks make it across. George, help me with the kids." Molly hastily grabbed Ginny and made a run for the wall to Platform 9 ¾. She was hot on the heels of Percy, who didn't need telling twice. Before the muggles could do more than raise a hue and a cry, everyone was safely across the wall. Ginny and Harry hung limply in the arms of Molly and George, practically oblivious to their surroundings. Molly was fretting. "This is going to be the biggest breach of the Secrecy Act since the Cannons got drunk and played Quidditch over the Thames," she muttered to herself. The train whistle blew, interrupting her anxious mutterings. "There's no time," Molly cursed to herself. "Ron, go get on the train. you too, Fred and George. No child of mine is going to miss the Express. And help this kid onto it too. Your father and I will get everything straightened out with Dumbledore, later. Now, move it. The sooner you board, the sooner I can contact the ministry." Fred put Harry's trunk on top of his, so he only needed to push one trolley. George put Harry and Hedwig on top of his trunk. "George!" Molly sounded scandalized. "Sorry, Mum. But I don't have time for more than one trip. I'll be careful with him." Mrs. Weasley nodded, too concerned about other matters to really push this particular point. Harry was out of it, but he still had the presence of mind to wave at Ginny. "Bye, Ginny." Ginny, still bonelessly slumped against her mother, waved back. "Bye, Harry." Molly was too distraught to notice, but not the twins; the two kids had never told the other their names. Harry slumped against the bench where George deposited him. A silly grin adorned his face and he gazed at the wall unseeingly. Fred and George shot each other a look as they got the trunks into the compartment. Ron just stood there, red faced and clenching and unclenching his fists. "Ron, why don't you go find Percy? See if he made it on and let him know we're here too," Fred suggested. Ron didn't move from his spot. "Ron," George called to him, "go find Percy." "What the bloody hell was that?" Ron exploded. "We don't know," Fred began. "Dear brother," George continued, "but if you find Percy-" Fred picked up the dialog. "We'll know if he managed to get word to Dumbledore." "And Dumbledore will know what that was," George finished. "What about this ... this ... bloody turd!" Ron pointed towards Harry, who just begun to notice his surroundings. "Leave him to us," Fred said solemnly. Ron grinned evilly as he left the compartment. "Git," George whispered under his breath. "I swear, Mum must have dropped him on his head," Fred commented. "Hello, how did I get here?" Harry could not recall boarding the train. Fred and George turned towards Harry and smiled at him, in a friendly fashion. "Hello. You're Harry Potter! Aren't you?" Fred asked excitedly. "You must be, you have the scar, and it was glowing like a lamp," George added, equally excited. Harry nodded. "Yeah, I am." Harry turned towards Fred, "Fred, where am I?" Fred and George shot each other a worried look. " Did he pick our names up from overhearing mum screaming at us? " was the unspoken question that popped into the twin's minds. " How did he know Fred's name? " was their silent concern. "You know my name?" Fred asked. "But, I'm Fred, he's George," George said at the same time. "Yes, I do. But why? And no, you're George and he's Fred." Harry slumped in confusion. " How do I even know that? " he thought to himself. "Blimey, how'd you do that?" Harry shrugged. "I don't know." After a few moments of silence, Harry asked, "Am I on the train to Hogwarts?" "Yes," George answered, "this illustrious and posh compartment-" "Is indeed on the infamous and notorious Hogwart's Express," Fred finished. "Everyone travels in style when they-" "Take the Hogwart's Express. Sit back and prepare to be pampered." Harry giggled at the two twins clowning around. They had gestured about themselves and the cabin as if they were tour guides at Buckingham Palace. "I'm glad I made it onto the train. I don't know what I'd have done if I had to return to my relatives because I had missed the train. But why is it I don't remember anything past trying to find Platform 9 ¾? Is that normal?" "No, Harry," Fred replied. "I'm sure it'll come to you. Something odd happened. It would be best to talk with Dumbledore about it." "Yeah," George agreed, "we don't really understand it ourselves." "What happened? And what did you mean by my scar glowing?" "Well, you kissed our little sister," Fred answered. "What?" Harry was shocked to hear that. "Then you two floated in the air," George continued as if Harry hadn't interrupted Fred. "You glowed, Ginny glowed, there was a lot of dazzling light," Fred added. "Then, it was done." "You were out of it, so we carried you and your things aboard." Harry had to digest what he heard, for a moment. "Thank you, then. Now what?" That was when the door opened, allowing Percy and Ron to enter. Ginny began to come around; the first thing she noticed was a headache. She was confused to find herself sitting on a bench at a train station platform. Her mother was pacing nervously back and forth, and the Hogwart's Express was nowhere to be seen. She