This is my first Hunger Games fan fiction. I apologise for my errors. It's swaying to Everthorne slightly in the beginning, but I assure you, it's CATONISS! It's boring at first, I know, but when I take over, it will be far from the usual Catoniss – Kato, if you must – stuff that you read. I still have to work out the kinks in it, but, for now… *Clears throat* I'm nervous. This isn't as romantic as you'd expect from something that's labelled in the romance genre. I just cannot stand when fanfic Katniss forgets the world around her the moment she falls for a guy. It's so OOC. That's not what book Katniss would do! Book Katniss would stay level-headed – sort of – and not make a fuss over a boy. She'd allow her mind to wander for a few seconds before zoning back to reality. She doesn't fall in love with a ruthless murderer in five seconds flat! Hell, it took AGES for her to fall for a sweet kid like Peeta and it'll take even longer for her to love a Career. DISCLAIMER: I DON'T OWN THE HUNGER GAMES. They say that fire melts ice into water, but then water extinguishes the fire. The Girl on Fire verses the bloody, brutal, ice-cold Cato. That's why you're here now, right? You want to know the truth behind permanently scarring stories that you've heard so much about. You're excited about the events that cause bloodshed and abuse to children. Just like the Capitol people. But that's okay; I'll tell you the real-life events. You're a sick person to find this entertaining, but the world is sick a place…so who am I to judge? I woke up early on that warm spring day. The sun was barely peeking out from behind the trees, indicating the start of a brand new day. The soft reddish light cast down upon my face, to my irritation, and caused me to wake. I moved the filthy, rotten Buttercup on the cold floor and off of the bed. He never ceased to humour me with his failed attempts at proving his immense loathe for my blood. It was all well and understandable, I'll admit, as I've tried to kill him several times. He didn't hiss when I placed him away from a precious Prim who lay asleep next to my once-beautiful mother. That cat had been the cause of several unnecessary grievances on my part. More mouths for me to feed and more characters to worry about. He kept out the rats and sometimes I'd toss him entrails of my game, he had stopped hissing at me. I changed into my hunting clothes, which consisted of a thin cotton top and pants, dingy leather boots and my father's worn jacket. I braided my hair and twisted it into a cap. I took my game bag and left my home at the break of dawn, but not before taking a slice of cheese that Prim had left for me. As I made my way to the fence, I could feel the goose bumps on my limbs. The wind was furious. When I reached the boundary-fence of District 12, I gracefully slid under the blunt-barbed fence. My heart filled with contempt as my mind filled itself with the thoughts of the woods. I would have done anything to leave my home and move into the log-cabin my father built. I'd never go hungry. I could've caught game and found a source of drinking water from the lake. The only person stopping me was my sweet, little Prim. Who would feed her if I was gone? My mother certainly wasn't in the right mental state. I shook the thought out of my head as I heard Gale's velvety footsteps approach. "Catnip!" He exclaimed. He reached his big hand out to me and held in front of me a small, delectable bread roll. My eyes shimmered as I tried not to drool. "How…?" "I traded it for two squirrels this morning." He said nonchalantly, breaking it into to two equal halves and tossing one piece in my general direction. "The baker was feeling…generous." I caught it with both hands, greedily tearing off a large chunk in between my teeth, before remembering that I still had Prim's goat cheese. I spread some on my bread and gave the leftover cheese to Gale, who seemed pleased enough. We conversed about the beauty of the rising sun, debated over the matter of having children and laughed about the Hunger Games, mimicking Effie Trinket's shrill voice. It was an enjoyable conversation until Gale mentioned the reaping. He had entered his name forty-two times and I had entered twenty-eight times that year. I wasn't concerned for myself, but for Prim, who could never cause harm to another living entity, much less pick up a knife. I tried my best to protect her from all harm, but this is one thing that I couldn't shelter her from. The Hunger Games was the raw, violent, blood-lusting death match that guaranteed one sole person a life of ease and luxury. The Hunger Games that ended the lives of twenty-three children. I was then reassured by the thought of Prim's name being entered only once . One in a few thousands was a rare feat. Still, it was a possibility that I couldn't handle. Gale was unaware, of course. "Let's hunt; we don't have much time on our hands." "Fine," I agree. Over the next few hours we travelled through the promising woodlands and happened to poach several rabbits and even a duck. Gale and I picked a few strawberries and assorted fruits and herbs, before making our way to the Hob. We traded wit the butcher's wife, the baker and Greasy Sae. Even the mayor's daughter, Madge, paid us for a crate of freshly-picked strawberries. Gale led me to the doorstep of my home and before leaving, mumbled, "Wear something pretty." I was greeted with a sob as I entered my home. There lay Prim on the floor, crying. "What if I get picked?" She asked. My mother just shook her head. "You won't get picked." I assured her. I bent down and cradled her in my arms. "Shh…your name's only in there once. They're never going to pick you, I promise on my life." She threw her skinny arms around me. "Oh, Katniss…" I hugged her reassuringly. "Come," I said with a sad smile. "It's getting let, we'd better dress up. After the reaping, we can have a feast!" Her face lit up. "Really?" "Of course we can. Gale and I have the right amount of game. We can all have a feast together." I smiled. "Let's get ready." My mother filled the tub with lukewarm water for my bath. I dressed in my mother's old, soft blue dress as her fingers worked quickly, twisting my braid on top of my head and fixing it into a delicate hairstyle. I took a good look at my eyes, stone-hard, steel grey. I saw fear and anxiety. I twisted my face into a mask of indifference, a tedious look playing. As we left the house, I tuck in Prim's shirt, which reminded me of a duck tail. I closed the door with a heavy heart, hoping to see it again soon. I walked the streets of District 12, silently reminiscing about the memories I've had in this pathetic excuse for a district. I ushered Prim to the twelve year old section, before making my way to the line of sixteen year old girls. I silently made a prayer in my head as the mayor gave a speech on the history of Panem – the same speech as he does every year. Then, he read out the names of the two Victors from District 12; one of them was alive, Haymitch Abernathy, the town drunk. My head began to spin as Effie Trinket trotted on the stage with the biggest smile I've ever seen. She was dressed in a ridiculous, glittering, ruffled spring-green suit with oddly shaped silver high-heels. Her hair was in a bright pink perm, and resting atop her head was a massive green bow. "Ladies and gentlemen, we are gathered here today to select the lucky boy and girl who will partake in the fabulous 74th Annual Hunger Games!" She chirped, clapping her hands together – which was when I got a view of her glittering gold nails. "As usual, ladies first!" She strutted to the large, clear bowl, dug her hand around and quickly pulled out a small scrap of paper. I bit my lip; my name couldn't have been picked! It wasn't. The name that peeled off her slimy pink lips wasn't mine! I was overcome with relief, until I registered the name she read… It was Primrose Everdeen. Her face dropped into an unrecognisable look of fear and repulse. I heard a hoarse, frantic yell emit from the audience as Prim makes her way to the grinning Effie. My throat was sore and rough when I realised that I was the person letting out a psychotic scream. "I volunteer!" I shrieked desperately, pleading to Effie, of all people… "I volunteer as tribute!" The next thing happened in a blur. Prim cried and begged for me to stay as Gale carried her to my mother. A blob of white – a Peacekeeper – grabbed my arm and hauled me onto the stage. Effie Trinket trotted over to me and pushed me towards the microphone. "What's your name, darling?" She enquired. I took a deep breath. "Katniss Everdeen." I mumbled into the microphone. She grinned, baring her brilliant pinkish-white teeth. "I'll bet my buttons that that was your sister! Don't want her to steal all the glory, do we?" I said nothing. I blinked several times, shying away the tears brimming in my eyes. I dared to look at Prim. Instead, I looked up at the sun defiantly. "Let's give a hearty round of applause for the brave girl!" Effie squeaked out. I will never forget what happened next. No one clapped for me, but instead, every member of the audience kissed the three middle fingers of their left hands and held it up to me. I resisted the urge to sob. I had to be strong; stoic even. I couldn't cry, not in the face of the enemy. I nearly passed out on the strong stench of whisky in the air, as Haymitch Abernathy slung one shaky arm around my shoulders. "She's got spunk!" He declared, looking fixedly into the camera lens. "More than you!" He told them. "More than you!" With that, he fell limp off the stage, his mind temporarily clogged with all the alcohol consumption. I barely heard the name of the male tribute, but watched as the blond-haired boy mounted the stage. I held back a gasp when I realised that it was none other than Peeta Mellark! We were never close friends or anything, but I owed him everything and then some. I held his deep blue eyes in in mine. Effie spoke several praises to the Capitol and thanked everyone for joining her that day. She beamed at them all. "Congratulations to this year's District 12 tributes: Katniss Everdeen and Peeta Mellark!" She hissed on her S's. I remember thinking it rather annoying at the time. "Shake hands, you two." She murmured to us. Peeta grasped my small hand and gave it a quick shake. He smiled sadly at me. I didn't return his smile, just glared coldly at him. I couldn't befriend my competitor. It would be weakness. We were ushered off the stage – by four Peacekeepers – and into the Justice Building. I'd only been there once before the reaping. I received a medal in honour of my father. That was when I'd first seen Gale, his father died in the explosion too. I remembered seeing his heavily-pregnant mother, looking directly at him