This is an alternate version to what happened in New Moon, and slightly changed. There will be more chapters, and I'll have em up as soon as I can, I'm also working on two other Fics: Firefly Catching Days for Twilight J&B Pairing, and Simple Reunion for The Hunger Games K&P Pairing. In this one, Harry dies a few weeks before Bella cliff dives, though it's assumed and there's no mention of it. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. Any characters or concepts that you recognize belong to Stephanie Meyer. Excerpts from New Moon are in italics and I do not claim S. Meyer's work as my own. No copyright infringements were intended. I stood with my eyes closed tightly. My toes caressed the edge of the cliff and the wind whipped my hair in all different directions. Goose bumps raised on my skin as the chill blew through me, right down to my bones, but I didn't shiver. I enjoyed the feeling. I felt alive. I lifted my arms out in front of me, swung them back and then put them up right over my head, ready to jump. And that was when I heard the voice. It startled me into taking a step backwards, away from the edge. Because this voice was different, and when I looked, it wasn't Edward standing there. This person was the exact opposite. He was over a foot taller than me, with deep set onyx eyes, full soft pink lips slightly puckered in a very familiar way, hard muscles flexed beneath beautiful flawless russet colored skin, and he looked like he should be twenty five instead of just sixteen. He was beautiful, to say the least. My Jacob. "Bells, don't do this," he pleaded with me, eyes troubled, "Don't be stupid. Look out there; don't you see a hurricane is brewing. The currents are probably crazy. Do you want to drown?" He was getting angry, now. "Don't leave me now, Bells, I don't think I can live without ya. And think about Charlie, and Renee, Angela for God's sake." My throat tightened at his words. He was right. I was being stupid. Even without werewolf powers I could see the storm forming above my head, and feel the change of pressure in the air. This would be a big one. I backed away from the cliff and vision-Jacob relaxed, nodding encouragingly. "That's right, honey, stay with me now. Go back to the house and warm up," he coaxed, smiling widely at me. How could I ever think of doing this? Of taking myself away from my best friend, my family, my friends? This wasn't me. I wasn't suicidal. But this would definitely be suicide if I went through with it. I grabbed the jacket I'd thrown off in my haste to be stupid and shoved my arms into the sleeves. I hacked and fell and tripped my way back through the forest until I came to my truck, jumping in and letting it roar to life. Tears were streaming down my face as I made the trip back down the cliff, back to First Beach. The severity of my actions was starting to hit me hard. But it wasn't the fact that I could have died that had me crying; it was the possibility of hurting Jacob, my Jacob. Because I knew that it would hurt him if I'd died. I made a promise to myself then to do everything in my power not to do or say anything that could hurt him. I parked in front of Billy's house before making the short trip to the beach. I was too keyed up to be trapped inside. My feet caused a racket as I made my way across the rocks to my favorite spot. I settled myself on the driftwood tree, leaning my back against the mangled roots. I tugged my jacket tighter around me in a useless attempt to hold onto the little warmth I possessed. It was harder now, to be warm; spending so much time so close to Jacob made it next to impossible to be warm without him. I let my eyes close and listened to the sound of the waves against the shore, letting it calm my nerves as I drifted off to sleep. The sound of rocks clanking together woke me from my slumber and I sat up quickly, looking around. Jacob was jogging towards me, barefooted and barechested, wearing only his cut offs. The severity of what I almost did struck me again, hard, and I found myself on my feet, sprinting towards him. He grinned wildly at me and I returned it happily as I jumped into his surprised arms. I wrapped my legs around his waist and hugged him tightly, unwilling or unable to let go. "Jacob," I breathed in relief, my hands going into his short raven hair. "It's nice to see you, too, Bells," he chuckled, pulling me back to look at me. His hands held onto my thighs, supporting my weight easily. I played with the short hairs at the nape of his neck and just looked at him, finally appreciating his presence fully. "I was worried about you," I stated looking into his warm eyes and unwilling to explain the real reason behind my jumping straight into his arms, "Billy told me there was a fresh trail…did you catch her?" He shook his head sadly. "Almost…we had her cornered, nearly caught her, but she took to the water. Leeches have their advantage on us there, not having to breathe and all. That's why I came looking for you; we were scared she would try to double back swimming," he explained, rubbing his eyes with one hand and covering a yawn, then looked at me with another of his grins, "I should tell Billy to tell you that more often if it means getting greeted like this." I rolled my eyes and smacked his arm as he laughed and he set me on my feet. I shuddered at the thought of Victoria still hunting and drew Jacob's arm around me, glad for his presence yet again. How could I ever think of taking myself away from him? We were still a hundred yards from his house when the sky finally opened up and dumped buckets upon buckets of rain on us. I let out a frustrated groan as the cold water penetrated my clothes, soaking me through within seconds. Jacob was trying to hurry me along but I wouldn't have it. If I tried to hurry I'd end up tripping and falling into a puddle of mud. No thank you; I didn't need to be cold, wet, and muddy. "What's the point, Jake? We're already soaking," I asked, pulling him back to my measly human pace. I pushed back the wet strands of hair clinging to my face and he just stared down at me with this look on his face. "What?" I demanded. "You're sort of beautiful," he grins, squeezing my hand and I let out a laugh. "Oh, now who hit their head?" I ask, rolling my eyes at the line he stole from me. Finally we stumbled through the back door, dripping wet. I waited outside his bedroom door as he came back to me with soft grey sweat pants and a large navy blue sweatshirt that said Property of La Push High School Athletics Department with the profile of a Native American in the middle. I said my thanks and almost ran to the bathroom, pulling off article after article of freezing wet clothing before I hopped in the shower and turned the water as hot as it would get. I stood under the spray from the shower head and let the steaming water wash over my body gratefully, loosening my tight muscles and allowing me to relax. I washed my hair quickly, allowing the scent of red raspberries and Brazilian silk to calm me. Gotta love Herbal Essences. I finished washing and turned off the faucets, grabbing at my towel that hung on the wall beside the tub. I spend way too much time here, I thought to myself as I realized my constant presence here actually warranted the need for a usual bath towel and my own shampoo and conditioner. Didn't wanna be smelling like the boys, though, now did I? My bra and underwear were still wet and after staring at them for a moment, I just pulled on the sweatshirt and pants Jake had given me. I pulled the drawstring on the pants as tight as it would go and then hid the strings inside. I hung my wet clothes over the side of the tub to dry before leaving the bathroom, then checked his room first and when I came up empty I headed straight to the kitchen where I found him by the microwave. I tip toed silently up behind him, stopping maybe six inches from his back and was about to scare him when he said, "I know you're there, Bells." I sighed loudly. "Stupid werewolf, way to take all the fun out of it," I muttered in annoyance and he laughed loudly, "What's cookin' good lookin'?" I asked, peering over his bare shoulder as he hadn't bothered to put on a shirt. "Fried chicken and mashed potatoes, I'm just warming them up," he answered, turning his head to look at me with a smile which I returned easily. Everything was easy with Jake. ~J&B~J&B~J&B~J&B~J&B~J&B~J&B~J&B~J&B~J&B~ I sat in the corner of the couch in Jake's living room with his head in my lap. Soft snores met my ears and I gazed down at his sleeping form, my fingers threading through the short black hair on the back of his neck. Was this really so bad? No, not at all. Instead of moving, I thought about Juliet. I wondered what she would have done if Romeo had left her, not because he was banished, but because he lost interest. What if Rosalind had given him the time of day, and he'd changed his mind? What if, instead of marrying Juliet, he'd just disappeared? I thought I knew how Juliet would feel. She wouldn't go back to her old life, not really. She wouldn't ever have moved on, I was sure of that. Even if she'd lived until she was old and gray, every time she closed her eyes, it would have been Romeo's face she saw behind her lids. She would have accepted that, eventually. I wondered if she would have married Paris in the end, just to please her parents, to keep the peace. No, probably not, I decided. But then, the story didn't say much about Paris. He was just a stick figure - a place holder, a threat, a deadline to force her hand. What if there were more to Paris? What if Paris had been Juliet's friend? Her very best friend? What if he was the only one she could confide in about the whole devastating thing with Romeo? The one person who really understood her and made her feel halfway human again? What if he was patient and kind? What if he took care of her? What if Juliet knew she couldn't survive this without him? What if he really loved her, and wanted her to be happy? And…what if she loved Paris? Not like Romeo. But enough that she wanted him to be happy, too? Jacob's slow, deep breathing was the only sound in the room - like a lullaby hummed to a child, like the whisper of a rocking chair, like the ticking of an old clock when you had nowhere you needed to go…It was the sound of comfort. I sighed as I thought about it. It wasn't that I loved Jacob less , just differently . Edward had been like a drug to me, and I was feeling the after effects of withdrawal that, bit by bit, were beginning to fade. But