At First Sight: AN- I would like to think that at least some people know of my stories by know and those people know how fickle I am. When I get an idea I have to put it down somewhere and if it's good enough I post it. This one is a Bella/Jasper story that just popped in there while I was reading some J/B fanfics. So tell me if you want more or not. Chapter One: Fine JPOV My life is a good one. It's fine, in fact. In my earlier years I was a warlord but I gave that up and shed my past the best I could. I didn't do the best job. But my wife loves me and so does my family so I do my best to ignore that part of myself. The part that no one will accept. Which is fine. My daily life is fairly interesting for an immortal. I go to high school every day that the sun doesn't shine. Which is fine. I've learnt the same things at least a hundred times. Being around humans is hard on me. They smell so much better than the animal's we hunt regularly and it doesn't help that they lust after us in the worst way. I've only slipped up a couple dozen times and it's been less frequent lately. My family refuses to believe in me and even that is fine. I've learned to roll with the punches that other people's emotions deal me. I can deal with their lack of trust, I can deal with my failing marriage, and I can deal with the shame of killing so many people. But this I can't deal with. The most perfect woman I've ever seen in my life walked through the doors to the cafeteria in Forks High. I had heard people talking of her beauty all day and could feel the lust in the room swell as she walked in. But neither of those things prepared me for the angel that walked in. Her beauty insurmountable, her emotions indescribable, and her smile was like the light descending from the heavens. The eyes of every male in a quarter mile were glued to her perfect body. That was not fine. Her long auburn hair brushing her waist as she walked across the cafeteria with a gentle confidence, her chocolate brown eyes sparkling with amusement and mirth, making me think she knew of her affect on people. Her skin was as pale and as littered with scars as mine. Her waist was small, her bust was the opposite and her hips were the same. Making a perfect hourglass figure. I watched as her eyes scanned the room before landing on my family's table. A spark of curiosity ignited within her before she looked away to sit down with some students who were calling her over. Stop being such a pussy and do what you know needs to be done , the Major growled inside of my head. I stopped gawking at my angel and turned back to my tray. What does he mean do what needs to be done? What needs to be done? Do I have to take over again , the Major snarled exasperatedly, you need to claim her before one of those human idiots touch her! She's ours. Mine! I shook my head down into my tray. No, she's not my mate. Ali would have seen that coming. She would have told me. I'm sure our darling wife would have told us of the woman we would leave her for. Makes perfect sense to me. Why don't you relax while the big boy takes care of things? Then Jasper was no more. The Major was in the building for the first time in fifty years. And it was great to be back. I hadn't been out since before he started trying to hide me from the dwarf. I knew my angel wouldn't care. She's mine, after all. I looked up from the human food on Jasper's plate before looking around. None of my family noticed my change and I stood up confidently before striding toward my angel. Her mere presence like a beacon to me. The whole cafeteria went silent as I strode across the room to my mate. The closer I got the more I could smell her. Her scent was delectable. Vanilla and strawberries. Soon she would be mine. Her back was to me so she didn't see me approach but her 'friends' did. They stared at me in amazement as I reached their table. Then my angel spoke, "What? Do I have something on my face?" Even her voice was perfect. I put a hand on her shoulder and she looked back in confusion before standing up. Obviously as drawn to me as I am to her. She opened her mouth to speak again but before she could I lead her out of the room by her hand as fast as I could with the eyes of every human in the room looking at us. Her hand was warm and soft in mine but I couldn't stop to think about that hand elsewhere just yet. I had to make her mine. As soon as we were out of eye sight I hear my family get up and rush after us, finally realizing something was amiss. They were a threat so I did what was natural. I picked her up and ran at my full speed. I cradled her to my neck as I speed away from the school. She instinctively clutched me as a war between confusion, bewilderment, and desire swirled through her. I smirked. Soon, soon. Once we were far enough away I set her on her own feet and pressed a kiss to her forehead. I could hear and feel my family closing down on us so I did what I had come out here to do. I bit into her wrist and pushed as much venom as I could. She crumbled in pain and began screaming. I scooped her up and nuzzled her neck comfortingly. My mate was in pain and I had caused it. I crouched down and brought her body as close to my own as possible and purred gently as I continued to nuzzle her. It was the only thing I could offer. Until she awoke I would guard her faithfully and, if she wanted, I would continue to after she woke. I would care for her and lover her and protect her with all my strength. And until I was nothing more than ashes I would continue to devote myself to her. She is now my life. Suddenly, I heard a gasp, "Oh, Jasper. What have you done?" I looked up with a snarl and curled around her protectively. It was the small one Jasper had aligned himself with for the past couple of decades. I had always found her annoyingly hyper and squeaky. Especially in bed. The rest of our coven that attended the human schoolings were behind her. Most felt pity and sorrow but a few didn't. The blond was bored and a little happy to get to go home early and the mind reader was feeling an unnecessary amount of bloodlust. I growled at him low in my chest and shifted so that my withering mate was behind me. The big one was the first notice I wasn't trying to kill my angel. As if I ever could hurt her in the slightest. The big one frowned, "Jas –man- why aren't your eyes red?" I didn't reply but began slowly creeping backwards as the mind reader's emotions became more and more unstable. My mate wasn't safe around him. I needed somewhere safe to hole up while my mate burned. I didn't trust any of them. They could turn on me at any moment. Alice took a step toward me, her emotions swirling between confusion and pity, "Jazzy, I don't understand. Why are you just standing there? We need to put her out of her misery." A roar ripped itself out of my body at her threat to my mate's life and I knew that the coven Jasper had been so fond of was going to die. For the God of War was coming out and no one survives him. Everything began to fade out and soon Ares would be here. I only hope that my mate won't hate us after her change. A voice all three of us knew rang out, "Ya'll better get on yer knees. Ares stops for no one. Except maybe that lil' gurl there." Then I was gone and in my place the God of War himself, Ares. BPOV I didn't know what hit me. One minute I was eating lunch, the next I was walking with an angel, and the next burning in a fiery inferno that could only be hell. I could still hear voices but they seemed so faint, so far away. I couldn't see anything and couldn't think of anything other than the burn that was festering around me. If this was hell it was exactly what I imagined it to be. The only thing I didn't understand was how I got here. I had lived a pretty decent life. I've always been a nice person, I've given money to more than my fair share of beggars, I've volunteered numerous times, I took care of my mother, and even moved away to my father's house to give her privacy when she remarried. What else did the world expect of me? A person could only be so good. If I'm not good enough I could think of a number of people who won't get in for sure. The thought of them suffering the same pain made it hurt a little less somehow. I wonder how my mother will react to my death. Knowing her she'll put on some elaborate show at my funeral. Probably hire acrobats and jugglers. Charlie won't be able to refuse because he's so soft spoken. Like I was before I had to say my first no. I was eight and Mom wanted to trade in her SUV for a motorcycle and get matching tattoos with me. Even back then I knew that was a bad idea. I sure will miss her and her flighty tendencies. Her bright smile and stupid optimism. I wish I had inherited her lack of worry but instead I seemed to be a mixture of both Charlie and Mom. Charlie was reliable and sturdy. He taught me how to fight and how to shoot a gun for my tenth birthday. I was a real klutz back then; boxing really helped with that. Then, because I was my father's daughter, I got Mom to try a kickboxing class with me. She quit after the first five minutes but I still do it to the day. Or used to. It's going to be sometime before I quit referring to myself as alive. My life was a rather good one, if I do say so myself. I got to try things ordinary children could only dream of and see things ordinary kids didn't even know existed. For my twelfth birthday Mom and I went skydiving and it was one of the best experiences of my life. The freedom of free falling like that and the feeling of being so out of control made me happier than I've ever been in my life. It was one of the things that Forks had to offer me and what had made my decision to live here. I had heard that the boys down on the Rez like to cliff dive which is as close as I could get to skydiving with Charlie breathing down my neck. I can just imagine his face when he finds out I had jumped off a cliff. It'll be priceless. I should really bring a camera when I go. Maybe- Oh, yeah. I'm dead. Speaking