Disclaimer: All I own is Mae. Everything else belongs to Stephenie Meyer.:( Prologue Don't get me wrong, I do believe love is possible. I just never believed in what people called 1) 'love at first sight' or 2) 'eternal love'. Merely hearing these phrases made me want to vomit. It sounded too sappy and hopeful for my taste. I also thought that 3) kissing after meeting each other just a few hours was completely ridiculous and so was 4) saying 'I love you' when you merely know each other. I mean, come on! It takes more than those words, kisses and a few dates to truly realize you do love someone! Not to mention what it takes to actually say it... But I've got something to admit; some of these things might exist...Particularly 1) and 3) . Now that I come to think about it, 2) is also possible-now that I am a vampire. And if I ever say those dreadful three words, I will definitely mean it. Conclusively, all four had happened to me within a couple of months. I really hate to say it but, someone had the nerve to prove me wrong and convince me that my views on the particular subject were 'narrow-minded'. I mean, I'm not a scary vampire but people regret it when they tell me I'm not right. I'm just too proud to listen to that, but now that I come to think about it, I should probably stop being like that...Because, after all, it's a residue of my human self... Anyway, enough of that...Just let me recount how one vampire proved me wrong and got away with it... Thursday, June 10, 2010, 10:00 PM "Are you certain that you cannot avoid this Carlisle?"Edward asked, his voice full of concern about his 'father'. I had been trying-without success- all week to avert him from going and now Edward thinks he can do it in just a minute?! My brother glared at me. Of course…Mind reading… "I wish I could. But we all know that no one can say 'no' to the Volturi."He looked at his watch, then me."Is my suitcase ready Mae?" I merely nodded and, turning my head a few degrees, I pinned my eyes on the brown suitcase behind me. I grabbed the handle with uncertainty and gave it to him hesitantly. Esme's comforting hand patted my shoulder. "Keep them safe Edward. You and I both know that this visit isn't just a 'reunion between old friends'. I am sure that Aro will try to extract information about Mae from me, but in case this fails, he'll move on to more 'extreme' measures. A new addition to a coven has always been an interest to them. Such thirst for power…"He concluded bitterly. I frowned. "Don't worry. I'll make sure that no one harms them while you are in Italy."My brother reassured him. "I know you will, son. I must go now, if I don't want to miss my flight. And I bet the Volturi won't be too happy if I fail to show up."He tried half-heartedly to smile but all we got was a scary grin. "Be careful, Grandpa."Ten-year-old Nessie said, hugging him. Everyone laughed lightly at the little girl's gesture. "I will be, Nessie. I promise."He paused for a couple of seconds, the shadow of uneasiness all over his features. So, what do you want me to bring you from Italy?"He asked. She rubbed her chin with her fingers, like those detectives in the movies and shrugged."Nothing. Just come back."She put her hand inside mine. Emmett let out a sickly sweet 'aww' and Nessie giggled melodically. "I'll be back by Saturday, little girl! Emmett, could you take me to the airport?" The muscular, black-haired guy grabbed the suitcase and headed to the garage without saying anything. He hugged each one separately. When it was my turned, he narrowed his eyes and gently kissed my forehead, pulling me into his arms. As he pulled away, he held my head between his palms and whispered;"While I'm gone, please try not to be alone for a long time. You can do anything, just not on your own. I already told Edward to accompany you when you go to La Push and Bella told Jacob and Seth to keep an eye on you. Please, be careful." I shook my head in conformity and headed to my bedroom, leaving Nessie with Alice. I could practically feel everyone's stares on my back as I crossed the staircase. Thank God, I can't cry anymore! I always had the tendency to become a little too emotional in 'nondescript' situations, such as this one. I grabbed my copy of 'To kill a mocking bird' and slumped on the black couch. Reading was always a way for me to take my mind off the real world and into a more fictitious one, where I could let go of any troublesome thoughts and relax. It was also way to avoid dealing with my current feelings by getting into the shoes of the characters. Yes, books are a good, relieving comforting company to have. Just as I began rereading the third chapter, I heard the sound of a car engine switch on, then the sharp sound of tires against asphalt. Suddenly, I felt void and I'm sure that if it were possible, my heart would hurt as if being constricted. I knew that there was nothing I could do; I couldn't use my illusions to distract the Volturi and protect Carlisle. The only thing I could do was make Carlisle believe he was traveling to Volterra, but bring him back here instead. I bet he'd be furious if you'd do such a foolish thing. Now, all I could do was wait. Friday, June 11, 2010, 02:37 PM "Mae! Mae ! Carlisle's on the phone! He wants to talk to you too!"Rosalie shouted, distracting me from the book. What the-Carlisle on the phone? Me? Within a second, I was downstairs grabbing the phone off her hand. "Carlisle? Is that you?"I gasped." How are you? Did you just arrive?" A huge grin appeared on my face when I heard his voice. "Hello, Mae! I'm good! I actually arrived a few hours ago but I didn't get the chance to contact you until now." "Why is that?" "Aro and I had to discuss a few issues and then I had to tidy my clothes and that took a while…Anyway, how are you?"He said . I wonder what kind of issues... "I'm…alright."He didn't respond, he knew I was lying."I really am, Carlisle. Just come back soon." "I will. Now, could you pass the phone to Alice?"Before I could even shout 'Alice', a small hand grabbed the phone. I rolled my eyes. Of course…Alice and her visions… She could be so annoying at times…At least for such a petite girl... I went to the kitchen to delve into the cupboards and shelves; another disturbing habit I had 'inherited' from my human life, almost two years ago. I could only hope that it would vanish as the years would pass. "Good morning, Mae? Any plans for today?"I turned and saw Jasper leaning on the hinge of the door. "Hey, Jazz."I sat on a chair, juggling an apple."I was thinking about going to Port Angeles to get this shirt I had my eyes on. Do you think you could drive me there?" "Sure thing, kiddo. We're leaving at 18:00."He smiled kindly and left. Jasper and I had some kind of bond only a few vampires could understand. He was the one who had found me half-dead on the street, after being hit by a drunk driver. He was the one who had changed me. You could say that he's my second father, that's why I changed my last name from Moore to Hale. To the world, I was Mae Nyx Hale, Jasper's and Alice's adopted daughter. Supposedly, they were the only couple that was nice enough to convince me to stay with them. I spend the remaining hours in my room, listening to the songs I had in my ipod. At 17:00, I put on a sky-blue T-shirt and a pair of white shorts, wore my white ballet shoes and went down to the garage. Jasper was already there. "Just as I was about to call you."A mischievous smile crept on his lips."Get in."I sat next to him on the front of the car. I guided him to the shop I had seen the shirt and ten minutes later, we were already on the way to the parking lot. "Did you have a nice time?"Bella asked us as she saw as walk in. "Yup!"I smiled and showed the bag."Any news from Carlisle?" "No. He said he'll give us a call tomorrow. Don't worry, Mae. I'm sure he's okay."She assured me, giving me a quick hug. I wish I could believe it… I checked my watch . God, it's still 20:05! What am I supposed to do till he calls? Urgh, at least, while I was human, I could go to bed by 21:00! Sometimes it sucks to be a vampire! I thought frustrated. "You could always do something…constructive. Like learning Chinese… It could keep you busy for a month or so…"Edward suggested as he descended the stairs. I huffed, placing my hands on my waist."What have I told about mind privacy, Edward?"I asked frustrated. "You know it's not up to me, Nyxie."He said lazily. "Could you at least not speak my thoughts out loud? Someone might hear something I'd prefer to keep private. And quit calling me 'Nyxie'!"I warned him. He shrugged and mouthed 'whatever'. Lord, he can be so bloody annoying at times! "Hey, I heard that!"He yelled. "I know!"I spat venomously and stormed out of the house, dropping the shopping bag on the floor. "Mae? What's wrong?"Jasper asked as I walked past him. I didn't answer. Instead, I marched into the woods. Suddenly, I relaxed. I was so peaceful that-"Jasper! Don't you use your gift on me!"I meant for it to sound angry, but it came out as a plea. I stopped on my tracks and walked towards him slowly. "Wanna tell me?"He snaked his arm around my shoulders. "Edward…He read my mind, called me Nyxie and then yelled at me because I thought he could become very annoying!"I said raising my hands, then dropping them in indignation. His effect on my mood was beginning to fade. "You'll get used to it. You've only been with us for two years…"He kissed the top of my head."You know what? It took me more than a decade to get used to…this. There were quite a few moments that I just wanted to rip his head off."He joked and I smiled."Now, let's go inside and play tennis on the Wii." "Prepare to lose. Let me just put the shirt in the closet." "I doubt that! No one is better than me in virtual tennis!"He bragged and we headed indoors together, his arm hanging around my neck. Friday, June 11, 2010, 11:13 PM Driiin! Driiiiin! The familiar sound of our ringing phone echoed in the living room. I stared at Jasper next to me. He had an uneasy look sculpted on his face, the one everyone had when their phone rang at 11:00 PM. Something's wrong… Emmett picked up the phone. "Hello?"He said, panic being noticeable in his voice."What…?Why…But you said…Alright. I'll tell them."He hung up and stood there for a while."It was Carlisle."He whispered."He said he'll tell Edward." "Tell him what, Emmett?"Alice butted in. She stood by the base of the staircase with Rosalie. "That Aro requires that we arrive in Volterra by Sunday at 10:00 AM. A 'festivity' will be held that night by the Volturi to honor our reconciliation."He explained bitterly. Everyone gasped but me. "What 'reconciliation'?"I crossed my arms, knitting my brows together. I really hate when I'm the only one who doesn't know what everyone else knows! "It's about the events that occurred about a year