I decided to put my other stories on hiatus or discontinue them until I see fit. Not enough plot to continue. But for this new story line, I really hit the jackpot. And also, how come I never knew of Percy Jackson until this July? Was reading it for two months, that's why I didn't update. But I want to make a PJO story. Thanks and Enjoy! Crayle P.S. This is set after Blood Of Olympus. Chapter 1: The Prophecy Jason After the cleanup, things were more or less back to normal at Camp Half-blood. Rachel Dare and Ella the Harpy were studying the Syballine Books, trying out get a prophecy out of it, as Apollo's blessing wasn't working. To Percy though, he could stand a little time without prophecies. As it turns out, I was staying at Camp Half-blood, as was Nico Di Angelo. We said our goodbyes to Frank Zhong, Reyna, and Hazel Levesque, who were going back to Camp Jupiter. But the goodbyes were slightly muted, a bit of sadness in the air with the loss of our best friend still hanging around. Leo Valdez had been one of our best friends and teammates, a hero. Now he was gone, having died early. It was hard to get around it, especially when Nico and Hazel both knew that he had died. I sighed and stretched out on one of the pavilion tables. "So...now what?" I ventured to ask. Percy frowned. "I don't know. It feels weird just relaxing when you've been doing quests for years." I nodded. "Yeah." Piper and Annabeth just sat near us boyfriends, not really inputting their thoughts. It wasn't the best evening I had had. Leo I was digging this. Riding a bronze dragon with a hot, immortal girl? What gets better than that? Calypso clung to my waist, watching the scenery whizz by. After what I guessed to be half a day, they saw New York City's coastline. We were almost home. I guided Festus to Long Island, hoping to hurry; I didn't like that clacking noise within Festus' gears. I decided to surprise the others, and descended about a mile from Camp. Once we got off, Fetus collapsed into a little bronze suitcase. We arrived stealthily, I hid Fetus in Cabin Nine once it was empty. I cautiously peeked from around a tree. There. Jason, Percy, Piper, they were all there. Well, mostly. Hazel and Frank were gone, as were Reyna and Nico. I snuck around them, so that their backs were facing me. I smiled. Time for some special effects, Leo style. I silently put a firework I'd quickly created beneath Piper's foot, so the moment she got up, it would blast off into the sky. Of course, it wouldn't bring her with it. That would be bad. I slithered back into hiding, and grinned at Calypso. Time for some fun. I grabbed a horn and blew; hard. Then before anyone could look, I was hidden. Percy We sat there, relaxing. Then a horn blew, like the signal for dinner. But it was past dinner. We all got up. "What the-" I heard Piper say, before something near her shot into the sky. Was that what I think it was? It exploded, instantly setting words across the sky. 'Bad Boy Supreme.' We all gaped for a moment, before very familiar laughter sounded. "Haha! You should've seen the look on your faces!" Leo laughed, rolling on the ground. One second we all were staring at him. The next, he buried under us, being both pummeled and hugged. "Leo!" I yelled. Then I frowned. "You are so dead!" Leo grinned. "Nah, you wouldn't do that. I already was dead." He smiled. "Hey guys, there's someone I'd like you to meet." And from behind a tree, smiling, comes Calypso. She hadn't changed a bit from when I'd been there. She was still stunningly beautiful, and her long hair was in the same braid I still remembered. She looked at me. "Hello Percy." She said, smiling. Then she punches me in the face. "Ow!" I mutter, looking confused. She frowns. "You promised me you'd get me off Ogygia! You forgot about me!" I felt very guilty. "But." She continues, "I forgive you." Then she gives me a quick hug, before going back next to Leo. We all takes turns introducing ourselves to Calypso, and start to tell Leo what happened after he died. "Guys!" I heard. Turning, I see Rachel running up. "I think I fou-." She sees Leo. She smiles. "I guess you didn't die, did you?" She jokes. Leo nods. "Sorta." After getting introduced to Calypso, she resumes. "I think I found out one of the prophecies!" I barely suppress a groan. I could tell the others looked the same. Rachel frowned. "I know, but I think it has to do with you guys." She says. Great. Just what I needed, another quest. Jason strokes his chin. "But that was a little fast. When did you start?" Rachel smiles. "Last month. Ella and I have been trying to put all our free time into this." She shows us what she found: When the dead one rises, and the goddess returns, Then shall the riders of the Ship that was burned, Find the one that is now enslaved to corruption, And free her before the eighth month's irruption But Youthful desires must they avoid, Or all that they know will be destroyed. I let out a dry laugh. "At least is doesn't seem like one of us will die." I said, trying to lighten the mood. No one laughed. Annabeth frowned. "'Find her that is now enslaved to corruption...'" She murmured, thinking. I had no idea. At least it narrowed it down to only any female in the world. That was a relief...Not! I frowned. "What does it mean, 'Eighth month's irruption?'" Annabeth looked up. "Irruption means to violently break in, or interrupt. Either that or an increase in animal population." She said, sounding like she was quoting the dictionary. Which she probably was. Jason laughed. "I think we can leave out animal population. But I think I get it. It probably means before the first of the eighth month. So before the first of September." I looked at him. "Why didn't it just say that? Why say it so weirdly?" Leo snickered. "Probably just looking for a rhyme." Piper frowned. "Then if Jason is right, we have at least twenty-eight days until something bad happens." I moaned. "Yay, another dangerous quest. Just what I needed." Annabeth nodded. "I feel you there. But I don't think the Fates are that kind." Jason sighed. "If it says the '...the riders of the Ship that was burned.' Does that mean the Argo II? It burned, and it was a ship." Rachel nodded. "I would guess so. That's why I came to you guys. You're the riders of the ship that burned." I pumped my fist weakly. "Alright, if I see those Fates, I will personally beat them into giving me a year long break after this." Annabeth I looked at Rachel. "Should we message Frank, Reyna, and Hazel?" I asked her, already knowing the answer. I just wanted to make absolutely sure. Rachel shrugged. "If they were of the riders, then yes." Percy snorted. "Yeah, I can already see the message. 'Hey guys! I know why just got back from defeating Gaea, but this prophecy says you are needed on another quest right away. See you there!'" Leo snickered again. "I hope you're sending the message, I'd love to see that." Percy glared at him. I rolled my eyes. "C'mon guys, let's go tell Chiron." I said to them. They followed me to the Big House. Chiron was currently listening to music, which sounded suspiciously like Frank Sinatra. "Chiron!" I yelled, catching his attention. He paused the music. "Yes, Annabeth?" I took a deep breath and explained everything to him. He looked sort of sympathetic. "I'm sorry, young ones. If I could, I would gladly give you some free time. We all deserve it. But alas, I cannot. You must complete this quest, I'm afraid." Jason nodded. "We know. If only we had at least some clue who this corrupted woman is. I don't know if she's a demigod or goddess or even a mortal." He said, sounding quite frustrated. I patted his back. "Don't worry, I'm sure we'll find out. Sooner or later, anyway." This was awful. We didn't even have a clue as to who it was, or even where to start. I paced my cabin, thinking about the lines in the prophecy. I copied them from Rachel and started studying the text. Maybe there was something we missed. I started looking at why the words were there. Obviously it wasn't because they needed a rhyme, though maybe, you never know. I looked at all capitalized words. Other than the beginning words of the phrases, Ship and Youthful were capitalized. I knew why Ship was capitalized. Because it was referring to the Argo II. But why Youthful? I dwelled on this for awhile, before a knock on the door startled me. My half-brother Malcolm answered it. It was Percy. Malcolm smiled. "Annabeth! Your boyfriend's here!" He yelled, even though I wasn't very far away. I playfully pushed him. "Quit it." He laughed. Percy looked at me. "Hey, um...about the quest..." I signaled for him to walk, and we left together. Percy was looking green. "You okay, Seaweed Brain?" I said, kissing his cheek. He nodded. "Yeah, I guess. I just hope we all come out okay. If I leave mom for another few months..." He choked. I wrapped my arm around him. "It's okay, we are all going to come back. I know it." Percy smiled. "I knew I could count on you, Wise Girl." Piper Jason and I were discussing the quest. We were trying to figure out who the corrupted girl was. Jason and I both thought it might be a demigod. But which demigod, I had no clue. Annabeth had gone into her cabin to decipher the lines of the prophecy, and then Percy went to her for something. Leo was currently informing Nico, who technically counted as a rider of the Argo II, since he was there for a bit. Chiron had sent word to Reyna and Frank, who might have gotten it by now. Jason was pacing, reciting the lines like a kid trying to memorize Math answers. He frowned. "I still don't know what it means by 'Youthful desires must they avoid.'" I shrugged. "Neither do I. Does it mean we have to mature? I thought I was already mature..." I muttered. Jason laughed. "You are. But I don't think that's what it means...maybe. Oh, I don't know." I offered him a seat next to me on his bed. He obliged. "Don't worry, we'll figure it out." I said, kissing his cheek. Jason smiled. "Yeah, you're right." He hooked his arm around my shoulders, and we stayed like that for awhile, just sitting in each others embrace. He grinned at me. "You're so beautiful, Pipes." I smiled. "Why thank you, Sparky. I'd say the same, but you might take it the wrong way." I joked. He laughed. "You're right. I'm handsome, not beautiful." I lightly smacked his arm. "Humble much?" He nodded, looking very serious. "Very." I laughed. Jason looked at me, seemingly studying me. "What?" I asked. He smiled. "Nothing." I tucked some stray hair back into place. "So. Now what?" He shrugged. "I don't know Pipes. But as long as we're together, I don't care." He gripped my hand. I looked at his bright blue eyes. We leaned in, sealing the gap. Nico Leo told me about the terrible new quest. And very unfortunately, I was a part of it. Curse the Syballine Books! I really hate the Fates. But I did follow along though, trying to figure out what this person could be. Or