This was my entry for the P.S. I Love You Contest. My beta, pixiekat7, performs miracles with my jumbled writing—any mistakes are mine and mine alone. And my pre-readers, Billi Cullen and athome Jo, are saints for putting up with my insecure, whiny ass – thank you for your feedback and support, ladies. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Falling Fast is copyright to Avril Lavigne. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the author. No copyright infringement is intended. "See ya, Ma. Bye, Aunt Rose, Aunt Alice!" Riley called, waving at us as he climbed into the back seat of his father's car. We all waved back, and I blew him a kiss. I could see him roll his eyes even at this distance. Ouch. Thirteen-year old boys could be so heartless. I watched until the car rounded the corner, then turned around to go back into inside. Rose and Alice were already in the kitchen, opening a bottle of wine and pulling snacks from the refrigerator. We loaded a tray and brought our bounty with us to the living room and cued up a favorite movie. Remember the one everyone was talking about a couple of years back, with those hot vampires? Because seriously, who doesn't enjoy a little eye candy and swapping favorite lines while hanging out? Rosalie poured three glasses of our favorite wine and handed one to each of us. She settled back and took a long sip. "God, I love coming over here on Mike's weekends. It's so freaking peaceful without kids and husbands underfoot." Alice side-eyed me, and I could see the worry in her gaze, so I gave her a reassuring smile. Not too long ago, such a statement would have had me grinding my teeth – the demise of my marriage had been a long, painful process, and learning to share custody of my son with his father and the new wife had been difficult at times. I guess after three years, we were getting pretty good at it. I met Mike my sophomore year of college. It took some convincing on his part, but he was persistent, and we started dating after a few months. Our relationship followed a predictable path for college sweethearts; we were married after graduation, and Riley was born 11 months later. Overall, Riley was a good baby, but man, that boy never stopped moving. He rolled over from his back to his front just before he turned three months old, and from his front to his back three days later. He started crawling at five months, cruising at seven months, walking at nine, and I swear to Chuck he was running by the time he was a year old. Nothing slowed that kid down—he didn't merely bounce off the walls, he ricocheted like a racquetball. Working all day and then chasing after an overly active toddler all evening was exhausting for us, taking both a physical and mental toll. There were nights after wrestling Riley into bed that I just dropped into my own, numb with exhaustion, only to start all over again the next day. But I wouldn't have traded sleep or relaxation for anything. I love being Riley's mom. And Mike loves being Riley's dad. He's always been a great father, and he and Riley have this amazing relationship of which I'm often envious. While I have to remind (cough-nag-cough) Riley to do the simplest of things over and over, he pretty much does whatever Mike wants the first time he asks. One of those familiarity-breeds-contempt kinda things—with a more flexible work schedule, I've always been the parent in charge of all the fun stuff: shots at the doctor, fillings at the dentist, homework supervisor, and punishment giver. And I'll admit, being the one to dole out all the tough stuff while his father got to be the buddy turned me into a bitch more often than not with Mike. When Riley was nine, Mike and I had an argument about something stupid, but that seemed terribly important at the time. It was another fight in a long line of fights, the two of us sniping at each other until we erupted; just another evening in the life of Mike and Bella. Finally, Mike yelled, "Do you even want to be married to me anymore?" And I yelled back, "No, I don't!" After a moment, Mike replied, "Good, because I don't want to be married to you either," in what was probably the most reasonable tone we'd used with one another in a good, long time. It's painful to admit, but it was such a huge relief to both of us. Not that the divorce is easy. It's not the miracle cure-all that some people think. You don't get to keep the same life you had before, just without the person that annoys you. You have to divide everything—that house you chose together, all those furnishings, the bank accounts and retirement accounts, even your Christmas ornaments and your kitchen utensils. And you've still got all your same bills and expenses, although now you need to learn to live on just your salary, not that combined number that somehow made things just a little easier. And then there was Riley. While I'm sure he was relieved that mom and dad weren't constantly at each other's throats any more, his life changed in even more ways than the grown-ups did. Custody was never a question—Riley stayed with me and spent every other weekend and one evening a week with his father. But it was still hard for me, even now, sending him off to his dad's. I know it was hard on Mike, not being there for the everyday stuff. And Riley had his troubles with it as well, although Mike and I did try to make those transitions as smooth as possible. Again, easier said than done. Especially when Mike started dating before he moved out. And proposed to his girlfriend before our divorce was final. I'm sure that Jessica, the new wife, is a nice person. I know Riley loves her. But she annoys me—her voice, her hair, her general demeanor. Not because I'm jealous, or for any real, valid reason, but just because I don't want to like her. And I'm really good at not liking her. As are Rose and Alice. Those bitches really are my besties. I finished my first glass of wine and started on my second, topping off the girls' glasses as well. We watched the movie for a couple of minutes, and I sighed over the dreamy good looks of the male lead. "Yeah, totally wouldn't kick him out of bed for drinking a bag of blood," I murmured, stroking the soft fur of the kitten Riley and I had adopted a couple of weeks ago. She was a cute little thing, all white except for four patches of black on her back arranged like a smiley face. Riley put his junior high Spanish knowledge to use and named her Sonrisa, Spanish for smile. I called her Risa for short. "You need to get laid, Swan," Rosalie muttered. I snorted in response. "By him? Yes, please. As for real life, I'm not going to disagree, but I kinda need a guy for that." "So go find yourself a guy," Alice replied. "Easy for you to say, you've been with Jasper since elementary school," I snarked. "I spend all day on the computer – not too many men there." "Actually, there are a ton of guys there," Rose countered, raising an eyebrow at me. "Online, isn't that the new way to meet?" "Online dating? Aren't those websites meant for hookups?" I asked. "Some are, and are geared just for that. Why, would you rather hookup than date?" She actually looked excited by this prospect. "Nope, not my thing," I stated emphatically. I had nothing against people that were in it for the hookup—in fact, sometimes I envied them—but it wasn't me. I'd fooled around a little bit in college, and twice since my divorce, only to discover that wasn't the way I was wired. I needed an emotional connection. And time. I've always been an abundantly cautious person, especially when it comes to matters of the heart. In my (very limited) experience, single guys wanted to go from meet to mattress over the course of an evening, whereas I'm more of a let's-get-to-know-each-other-and-see-how-it-goes kinda girl. I didn't think that attitude would serve me well on a dating website. Alice grabbed my laptop and opened Google, typing furiously—I was going to have to wipe that search history before Riley got home. "Oh, there are so many different sites! How do you even choose?" Rose scooted closer to me, squishing me between her and Alice as she peered at the screen. Sonrisa meowed indignantly in protest, jumping up on the back of the couch. "Hey, didn't Angela meet Ben on here?" she asked, pointing to one. "Yes she did!" Alice said, clicking on the link. A screen popped up filled with pictures of couples – laughing, kissing, hugging. It looked a little staged to cynical-old-me, but I still felt envious. I couldn't even remember what couple life was like. Rosalie read my mind again. "C'mon, Bella. You know you want to. Do you even remember what conversation with a living, breathing adult male is like? Just talk to someone, go out to dinner, a movie. Something. Anything." She wiggled her eyebrows and smiled suggestively. She made it sound so reasonable. Talk to a few people, go out on a date or two. Enjoy normal, adult things. With a man. I gnawed my lower lip indecisively. Alice rolled her eyes and clicked on the link that said register , and then passed the computer to me. Ever filled out a dating profile? It's kind of weird. Basically, you're creating an advertisement for yourself. Some things were easy, although there were tons of choices. Female. Single/ Divorced. Straight. Thirty-four years old. Brown hair. Brown eyes. Average height, average weight. Seeking single males for friendship, dating. Others were a little more difficult, especially where it asked me to describe myself. Alice took over, and I watched with apprehension as she typed. She as described by her best friends: Shy, self-deprecating, doesn't see herself very clearly. Has a lovely hourglass figure, beautiful hair and eyes, and a smile that makes everyone's day brighter. Prefers a casual wardrobe and date as opposed to a night on the town. Sharp sense of humor, sarcastic and witty, and loves to laugh. Intelligent, articulate, affectionate, and passionate, devoted to her family and her friends. I felt a blush heat my cheeks. "Is that really how you guys see me?" Rose bumped my shoulder. "Silly girl, that's how everyone sees you. You're the only one that doesn't get it." I waved off her offer of more wine—I'm pretty sure that's how they'd managed to convince me to do this in the first place. "Now for pictures!" Alice commanded. Ugh, I hadn't thought about that. Both Rosalie and Alice searched their phones, but most of their pictures of me had Riley in them, and I wasn't interested in putting his picture out there. We settled on a picture Riley had had taken after I'd had my hair cut. Not exactly a glamour shot, but it was a pretty good representation of how I looked every day. Next came the questions. This particular website offered to "scientifically match" you with potential suitors based on answers to various sets of questions. You could answer as many or as few as you liked, and the questions ranged from hobbies, to politics, to sex. Lots and lots of questions about sex. Some made me laugh. Some made me blush. And once or twice, I had to ask what certain terms meant, enduring the embarrassment of my limited knowledge. For instance, Rosalie laughed hysterically