Hello everyone! I'm Magnolia and this is my original characters PJO story, which is also on AO3 under the same title and author username if that is your preferred reading website. WARNING: MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS FROM ALL PERCY JACKSON AND HEROES OF OLYMPUS BOOKS, INCLUDING BLOOD OF OLYMPUS. PROCEED WITH CAUTION. This story takes place AFTER The Battle of the Labyrinth at CHB, but BEFORE Percy turns fifteen at the end of the BotL book. Mist picture used in cover from www_meteoblue_com (replace _ with .) Look, we all know that I'd always wanted to be a dual-blood, so I might as well get this whole story off my chest. And no, I'm not that stupid Peter Jackson guy or whatever his name is. I'm telling you that now because he got the story all wrong. He left out some important details that he really should've told you all about. But I'll get to that later. So, Lamia is telling me that I'm legally required to notify you of this or something: Being a dual-blood is dangerous. Pretty scary too. But I guess that if you truly are one, you'd probably ignore my advice about that. We're all thrill-seekers on the inside. That actually brings me to my next point: If you think you are a dual-blood, you might want to close this webpage now. Learning more about who you are just makes it easier for them to see what you are. Just go on jumping off cliffs, throwing yourself into fires, and keep up all those sweet stink bomb explosions in your school cafeteria. Anything besides reading this. Of course, if you don't do all that good stuff on a regular basis, keep on reading. I admire you for being able to pretend that none of this ever happened. But, if at any time you recognize yourself in these pages or if you feel the sudden urge to do something spontaneously violent, stop reading immediately. It's only a matter of time before the Mist is spread too thin. Don't say I didn't warn you. ... I really didn't get what the teacher was getting all worked up about. I mean, it's not like anyone had gotten genuinely hurt. Spiders are really just like ants with extra legs, if you think about it. And they kill other annoying insects. That's cool, right? Well, that's what I tried to tell the rest of my science class, anyways. But, noooo . Little miss Chloe Adeline Everly—my ever-so-enjoyable lab partner—just had to scream her little blonde head off about creepy little insects, which she must've known would set me off, because spiders are definitely not insects. "Can't you count?" I told her, holding the one we were supposed to be examining up to her face. The tiny arachnid balanced neatly on my fingers. "See? Eight. Eight legs. Not six." "Freak!" she'd shrieked at me, backing away like I'd just sprouted an extra eye. I shrugged and went back to making an enclosure out of pencils and textbooks for my new friend the spider. And that was when it got good: There I was, minding my own business, when all of a sudden, Chloe Adeline hit me across the back of the head with a hardcover novel. Gods, I really hated books. Maybe that's why I'm publishing this online for free instead of printing it out and trying to get people to buy it. "There was a spider in your hair!" she said, alarmed, like she really cared about my hair, spider or not. "That's it," I growled, launching myself at her. She yelped and dropped her book, ducking behind some lab equipment to get away from me. Except, she didn't account for the fact that I was probably the most agile person in the whole eighth grade. I jumped over the table, shattering glass vials and narrowly missing the tank of spiders we were supposed to be examining. We started rolling around between the lab tables, while the rest of the class stayed silent, except for a few brave ones who started laughing. That is, until the spiders got involved. I really had no idea how it happened, but suddenly me and Chloe were both covered in creepy crawling spiders of every size. Everyone in the class screamed as they realized that somehow, all of their test subjects had escaped from their tanks. Girls started climbing up on chairs, Chloe Adeline was trying hysterically to swipe the spiders from her clothes, and my best friend Kaia was laughing maniacally from the back of the classroom. I stood up desperately and tried telling them it was no problem and that we could get them back in the tanks if they stopped freaking out, but they just kept right on screeching about bugs in their hair. That's about when Ms. Paley, the science teacher, decided to waltz back into the room after taking a break that she wasn't even supposed to be allowed to do. I mean, who leaves a classroom full of kids alone with boxes of spiders, anyway? "What is going on here?" she yelled over the chaos of the room. "Why are all the spiders out?" It appeared as if Chloe had finally removed all the bugs from her hair, so she stood up and announced, "Ariadne did it! Ariadne let all the spiders out and then she attacked me." I hadn't even blinked twice before Ms. Paley had the entire class out of the science lab and had called the office to say that Ariadne Weaver and Chloe Adeline Everly were going to be reporting there soon. She told us to take separate routes. Walking past the rest of the class, I saw my classmates shaking spiders from their clothes. One girl was seriously freaking out and her hair was sticking up everywhere like she'd just run her hands through it a hundred times making sure that there weren't any spare arachnids left in it. And then there was Kaia. There was a fat spider sitting right on top of her head, but she only grinned and fist-bumped me as I passed. I thought about mentioning it to her, but it looked pretty content up there, so I just left it. ... I was sitting on a chair that the principal had made me drag out into the hallway while Chloe Adeline told her side of the story to him and Ms. Paley when my dad walked up. My father tended to drag his feet when he walked, and he always had a look to him that somehow made him appear like an insect with a bent antenna, unbalanced and disrupted. He was sporting messy brown-going-gray hair with a patterned button-up shirt that belonged in a different decade. He had dark blue eyes, like me, which had probably been just as bright as mine at some point, if not for the exhausted gaze that filled them. I guess the school must have called him and explained the situation or whatever, because he just looked at me with his tired eyes like he was asking, "Why?" I hated when he gave me that look. You'd think I would've gotten used to it for all the times I've been sent to the principal's office, but every single time he did it, he managed to send my emotions to the back of my gut to sit in a dark corner for an eternal time out. I shrunk back in my chair. "She called spiders insects. And she hit me on the head with a book!" I insisted, tilting my head towards the door. "You know how much I hate books." "And what happened after that?" he sighed, raising his eyebrows at me. I raised my eyebrows right back, daring him to make a guess at what happened. He sighed some more, and nodded, and finally just pushed open the door to the principal's office, just like I'd seen him do so many times before. Oh, no, this was definitely not the first time my dad had had to pick me up from school and talk to the teachers while I sat outside the door, wishing I could disappear. It's too bad they couldn't just expel me. That's just one of the many downsides of living in a small town with just one middle school. I counted to a thousand while I waited for my dad to come back out. Now he was wearing a face that seemed more to say, "Really?" On the car ride home, I decided to sit in the back seat instead of riding shotgun. I never really felt bad about any of the stuff that I started at school until he found out, and then I felt guilty. Really, really guilty. Maybe he won't try to talk to me, I thought. But, of course, this is me we're talking about. And if you'll learn anything from this story, it'll be that I have the worst luck. "You got suspended, you know," he said, glancing up at the rear view mirror to look at me. "Yeah, I figured that." "I saw that you forgot to take meds this morning." "The meds wouldn't have made a difference." That was actually the truth. The Adderall that I took for my ADHD did almost nothing for me; it was like something inside me just really did not want it to work. "Well, you wouldn't really know unless you took it, did you?" he said anyway. I shrugged and tried to concentrate on the scenery by looking out the window. It was uneventful. I guess living in one extremely small city for your entire life will make you bored with your surroundings sometimes. The houses were mostly occupied by old grandmas and grandpas, because all of their children had grown up and gotten out of this stupid town. The streets were narrow and they went up and down small hills like roller coasters. Not that many people were driving on them, of course. Most people here just walked and biked everywhere in town, since it was so small. We had a grand total of one elementary school, one middle school, and one high school. Welcome to Porter, Indiana. My house was on the north edge of town, nested right into the woods with no neighboring houses on our side of the street. There was a baseball diamond down the road from us, but almost no one except the Porter peewee baseball team ever used it. I was more interested in the woods that surrounded it. As my dad pulled into the driveway, I glanced longingly at the tall trees casting perfect shadows around our house. I was definitely not going to be able to go out there again for a while. "Ariadne Weaver," my dad enunciated. "Go inside and go to your room. Don't leave until I come back; I've got to go run some errands. You're grounded." I was about to whine, "And suspended?" but then I decided it would be better to just let it go. Hefting my backpack on my shoulder, I slammed the car door behind me as I got out of the car. I was suddenly very angry. Angry at myself, mostly. I dug my fingernails into the palms of my hands. I was so stupid sometimes. I retrieved my key from my backpack and unlocked the door, watching my dad pull out of the driveway again. Our home was one of those small, one-story half-brick and half-wood type houses with the inside painted with yellows and oranges that always reminded me of a construction site. There was a basketball hoop above the garage door, but it didn't have a net and I never used it because I was really short and could never make a basket. It was a nice enough house, and it was cool because my dad and I had been living there since forever. He grew up there and had never thought to leave like all