So this is my first fanfic, not to sure. Please comment what you think any constructive criticism is welcome. This is just something I think could've went down on the train in Catching fire on the way to district 5. It is mature and if you don't like that sort of thing don't read it. So basically I'm saying if you don't want to see Katniss and Peeta do the dirty, why are you still here? "Are you sure you don't want more Katniss?" Effie asked for the fourth time. I could tell at this point Katniss was getting annoyed, it was getting increasingly harder to hold in the laughter by the second. "I'm not hungry." Her tone was clipped and left no room for discussion. My smile fell and was quickly replaced by a frown, this had been happening for a while and I was worried. At first I assumed her lack of food was from disgust at what had happened in District 11; now I wasn't so sure. We were currently on our way to District 5 now and her food amounts weren't increasing. Actually they seemed to be decreasing. I was sure mine and Katniss' friendship was growing, but lately she seemed distant. Probably thinking of Gale, my mind proclaimed bitterly. Apparently this seemed to show on my face as Effie was asking if the food was sour. "Do you want another dish?" I thought of the children in District twelve starving and how People from the Capitol saw fit to chop and change if the slightest thing was wrong. Disgusting. Katniss was obviously thinking something along the same lines, as she pulled her chair out and stood. She looked confused, why was she confused? In a distressed voice she blurted out, "I-I'm going to my room, not feeling too good." With that half hearted excuse she was gone. That was it I needed answers. Now. As much as I hated to admit it I was worried about her, I shouldn't be. She caused me so much pain, why should I care? She was only trying to keep you alive, the small voice reminded me. Before Effie could start going on about manners and such, I stood up in a fashion not unlike Katniss'. "I should follow her, don't wait," Not even waiting for a response my feet carried me out of the dining room and down the corridor. Soon, I heard small noises coming from Katniss' room. It sounded like she was crying... I slowed down and called her name quietly, "Katniss, are you okay?" Silly question, we're victors for goodness sake, we would never be okay. The noises stop and just as I was about to check if the door was locked, I heard shuffling. Katniss' head poked through a crack in the door, it broke my heart slightly to see her swollen eyes. "Hey Peeta, did you want something?" Her tone wasn't rude or snappy like the normal Katniss, it was just weak. I would prefer the Katniss who would tell me to go away, at least it would mean she's okay. I went to put a hand on her arm then thought better of it and settled with the question, "What's the matter?" She sighed, probably expecting the question, "It's noth-" I gave her a look that clearly told her she wasn't fooling anyone. Opening the door wider, she beckoned me inside. I noticed she was wearing a nightgown that was slightly opaque with her hair down, making it hard to focus. She sat on the bed so I followed her lead. I didn't say anything, I just sat and waited for her to gather her thoughts. After a minute or so she looked ready to start, "I'm just so confused Peeta, I don't understand any of this." My confusion must have shown on my face because she shook her head and started again, "My feelings for you," My mouth went dry and my heart rate sped up. Was she playing with me or did she actually mean it? "What feelings Katniss?" I asked her, "No lies just be honest, please?" The desperation in my voice was obviously detectable because she moved closer and looked me dead in the eye. "In the games I wasn't sure of my feelings, all I wanted to do was survive, but I knew that I didn't want you to die." She took a deep breath and this time I decided to place my hand on her arm, she looked surprised at the contact at first, but carried on. "In the cave things changed. I began to care for more than a district partner. There was one kiss that was real and after the games we were- still are connected. I hurt you," I want to tell her it's not true, but really I would be lying. I gesture for her to carry on. "You deserve someone better than me. I don't love you, hell I don't know if I'm even capable of love right now,but I care for you more than I would anyone else." Inside I'm jumping for joy, I know it isn't a declaration of love, but this is a big step for us. She turns away from me and I know that's it, I won't get anything else from her. I was lucky to get that small bit of vulnerability from her. The thing is she's wrong, she's the one who deserves someone better. I mean she's brave, caring, loyal and not to mention beautiful, but somehow I know she wouldn't believe it if I told her. "What about Gale?" The question even shocked me, what the hell was I thinking? She surprises me by actually answering. "Gale is like a brother to me, don't you think if I had romantic feelings towards him I would have acted on them?" She does have a point, but still I can't help it, I'm a jealous, overprotective man. "It's just you're always together and the things people say..." I don't finish because all of a sudden she seems a lot closer and my breathing stops. She still doesn't realise the effect she has on people. "Right now it's just you and me, Peeta, you and me." She places her hand on my chest for emphasis. Quickly, before I change my mind I take her face in my hands, "I want to kiss you, can I?" Her head moves closer and it's all the answer I need. I crash my lips to hers with a ferocity I didn't know existed within me. Our lips move in perfect harmony sending shock waves through my body. Katniss lets out a small moan and suddenly my fingers are in her hair and I'm licking her bottom lip asking for entrance. Her fist in my shirt, from shock no doubt, and her mouth parts in surprise. The kiss slows as I tentatively poke my tongue into her mouth, exploring. This is new for us, but she responds and the gentle caresses soon turn into a heated dance. At this point we're gasping for air so we stop, but it's like I am a man possessed as I slowly trail wet kisses around her neck, sometimes nibbling. Her small whimpers of pleasure only egging me on. I nibble on a spot just above her collarbone; her hands fist into my hair and she lets out a long, low moan. I may not have never done this before, but I have two older brothers who like to go into long, detailed explanations and I have enough sense to know what to do. So, I alternate between nibbling and sucking gently on that one spot, Her moans driving me crazy. Her slender hands made their way to the hem of my shirt, I stopped her before she did something she regretted. "Katniss you don't have to do anything you don't want, okay?" I tell her, even though it would be hard to stop I would do it for her. Her stormy grey eyes meet mine and I know whatever she says I will agree with in an instant. "I want to Peeta, no I need to." Her eyes are filled with determination, it looks like the normal Katniss -the Katniss who doesn't back down- is back and I have the sudden urge to grin. "Are you laughing at me?" She sounds offended, she narrows her eyes at me. "No, No, it's just that, well, I mean," Apparently I have a way with words, but around Katniss I turn into a rambling mess. By now she's full on laughing; it's one of the most beautiful sounds and I have the urge to kiss her again. So I do. It's slow and passionate, but certainly stops the laughing. When her hands make their way to the hem of my shirt I don't stop them, just take my lips away from hers for a brief moment so she can discard my shirt. As soon as it is off my lips reattach themselves back to hers with heated vigour. I can tell she's getting impatient because she is trying to tug off her nightgown, I help her slowly ,brushing my hand against every piece of skin I can find, along the way. For the second time tonight I can't breath. The sight before me - Katniss almost naked, illuminated by the dim light, with swollen lips,- is almost enough to make me lose it. Her neck flushes red and she tries to cover her breasts which are beginning to pebble in the cold air. They're not exactly huge, but to me they're perfect and I couldn't be more thankful. I gently remove her hands and whisper into her ear, "You're perfect, don't ever hide from me." I remove any objections with a small but effective kiss and carry on with the trail of hot, wet kisses down her neck. I tenderly place my mouth over her now erect nipple and swirl my tongue round it . Gasping, she grabbed my shoulders, silently urging me on. I speed up slightly, nipping and sucking while my right hand works on the other breast. After a couple of minutes I decide to move on, slowly I make my way down until I reach her navel. I flick my tongue in, her hands tighten on my shoulders. I'm sure there will be marks tomorrow. I continue my journey until I reach her cotton panties and place a small kiss right above her centre. The small whimpers turn into a sexy moan, I take off her panties and throw them somewhere. I can hear her panting above me, anticipated my next move. I start off by kissing the inside of her thighs touching everywhere but the place that she wants. She's squirming and groaning, I know that she wants this. Tenderly I kiss her lips, her musky scent sending blood straight to my groin. Before I can hesitate, I open her lips and lick my way up her pink folds. She's shuddering above me and making noises I've only ever dreamed of. I continue with that for a short then unexpectedly spiral my tongue over her the delicate clit. I can feel her pulsating above me, I entrap her clit into my mouth, alternating between sucking and licking. Soon I feel her trembling, she grabs my hair and tightens her legs around my head, moans turn into small screams of pleasure, "Peeta!" I keep going until she moves my head away. Her face is flushed. She takes a long shuddering breath then moves her hand towards my belt, quickly unbuckling it. She gives me a lazy smile then pulls my pants -along with my boxers- down slowly, biting her lip. I kick them off somewhere, then sit down next her. Tentatively she reached her hand out and stokes my member. I put my hand around hers, then say, "A little tighter, like this," I slowly move her hand up and down until she