Katniss felt herself being pulled from sleep, the sound of Aran's urgent cries drawing her to lucidity. Groaning, she untangled herself from Peeta's arms, and forced herself to sit up, pushing back the covers and climbing out of their warm bed to go to her infant son. He was having another bad night - it felt like every night for the last year had been a bad night. Peeta had already been up with him twice earlier in the night, and they were all suffering the effects of the constant nights of broken sleep. She yawned as she lifted the crying baby from his crib, cuddling him close to her as she started to sway with him, hoping she could soothe him back to sleep before he woke Peeta too. But it was too late, she could hear Peeta stirring as he slowly got out of bed and came over to join her, placing his hands on her shoulders as he gently kissed the nape of her neck. "Hey you," he said quietly as he slid his hands down her arms to encircle her waist, pulling her back against his chest and matching the swaying movements of her body with his own. "You shouldn't have gotten up Peeta," Katniss said quietly, "I've got him. You need your sleep too". "I felt you getting out of bed, and I missed you" he replied. "The little guy is having another rough night, isn't he?" "Aren't we all" she agreed. "This is the second time I've been up since the last time you were up with him" Katniss sighed deeply. "Nothing seems to settle him for long. I just don't know what else I can do for him. He's not hungry, he's not teething, he's not sick, he just likes to cry." Her voice sounded defeated and exhausted even to her own ears. Peeta tightened his arms around her. "You should have woken me, I would have let you sleep. You have to look after him all day, and you looked so exhausted last night." "Peeta, you got up twice already tonight, and you have to go to work today. I really don't want my husband having an accident with an oven at work or falling asleep behind the wheel because he is sleep deprived". "I'm okay" he offered. "That won't happen. But I'm worried about you. You look so tired all the time." "I'll manage." Katniss retorted shortly, "I can try to catch a nap myself later on if I can get him to go down for a nap". "I'll tell you what," Peeta said. "It's almost time for me to get up for work anyway. It's not really worth my while going back to bed... unless you want to come join me?" he asked, pulling her closer and lifting his eyebrows suggestively, a smirk on his face. She glared, side-eyeing him. "Okay, I was just kidding!" He chuckled softly, letting go of her waist and backing up. "Give me five minutes to grab a quick shower, and then I'll bring him downstairs and give him some breakfast while you go back to bed". "Are you sure?" "I'm sure. I'll bring him back up to you when I have to leave. That way you both might manage another couple of hours sleep before Skye wakes up." He bent his head to place another quick kiss to her neck before grabbing the clothes he had laid out on the dresser the night before, and heading into their bathroom. A few minutes later he emerged, his blond hair damp, but fully dressed. "C'mere little guy," Peeta said, taking the baby from Katniss' arms. He bent over and pressed his lips gently to hers once more. "Go back to sleep. I'll see you when I get home tonight, okay? I love you." "I love you, too." Katniss smiled, climbing back into bed and snuggling down into the pillows that smelled like Peeta. Instantly, she fell into a deep, dreamless sleep. When she woke up again, the sun had fully risen and she could hear the sound of the baby happily gurgling and laughing for once. Peeta was gone and Aran was tucked into their bed beside her. She hadn't heard him bring the baby back upstairs or leave for work. "Hey, little guy," she smiled at her son and tickled his tummy. He squealed back at her and chuckled, kicking his legs. She heard the sound of quiet footsteps, and then Skye's dark head and sleepy blue eyes came peeking around the open door of the bedroom, her favorite orange blanket clutched in her arms. "Hi, Mama," she greeted, "can I come in?" "Sure, come on in and join us," Katniss held her arms out to her. Skye padded over to the bed, and climbed in beside her mother. For a few minutes, Katniss enjoyed cuddling with her daughter. The peaceful moments didn't last long though. Soon enough, Aran started to gripe again, and before he could work himself up into full tantrum mode, Katniss lifted him up and climbed out of bed. "C'mon Skye, let's go downstairs and I'll get you some breakfast". The three of them made their way downstairs to the kitchen, where, to Katniss' joy, she found a batch of freshly baked cheese buns in a basket on the kitchen table. Peeta must have baked them before going to work. Katniss could have kissed him at that moment. Settling Aran into his high chair, she gave him his own bun to pull apart, while starting a pot of coffee and pouring cereal and milk for Skye. "Can't I have a cheese bun too Mama?" Skye pouted. "Aran got one!" "Have your cereal first, then you can have one" Katniss said, smiling over at her. She grabbed a cheese bun for herself, poured a cup of black coffee, which she felt she badly needed to wake up, and joined the kids at the table. She bit into her cheese bun, savoring its flaky texture with pleasure, and sending up a silent prayer of thanks for her wonderful husband who always indulged her craving for cheese buns. Aran was making a terrible mess pulling his bun apart, getting more on his face and on the floor then in his mouth, but Katniss didn't care about mess, as long as he wasn't crying. Smiling at the fun he was having, she snapped a photo of the messy baby on her phone, quickly texting it to Peeta, adding the message "Thank you for the cheese buns. We love you" . "Love you back!" the return message flashed on her screen almost immediately, quickly followed by another "Hope Aran has a better day today. I'll try to get home as early as I can" . Katniss put her phone down and continued sipping her coffee, hoping the caffeine would kick in soon and give her the boost she needed. Unfortunately, it wasn't going to be a good day. Before long, Aran's persistent crying started again, and continued on and off no matter what Katniss tried to do to distract him. She struggled to get a few household chores done while carrying him on her hip the whole time as he screamed every time she tried to put him down. By midday he was exhausted, but he refused to give in to his own tiredness and go down for a nap. Eventually, when she could take no more Katniss him and Skye into their jackets, put Aran into his stroller, and headed for the local park. She hoped a walk in the fresh air would tire Aran out a little bit. As she sat on a bench in the playground watching Skye play, she listened to the birds singing above her head and looked around at the different foliage of the trees and shrubbery surrounding her, and it all just reminded her of her woods back home. It was mid-summer, but soon the seasons would begin to change and the leaves would turn, changing from her favorite green to Peeta's favorite orange. All too soon, winter would come. Katniss hated winter. Thinking of the peace and quiet of the woods made her want to cry. With every passing day, she knew her emotions were overtaking her more and more, and she knew it was because she was feeling exhausted, worn out, and maybe a little down. She had a difficult pregnancy and hard labor with Aran, and though she loved her little guy with all her heart, there was no question that he was a challenging baby. It felt like he had been born crying and hadn't really stopped ever since. "Mama! Come push me on the swings!" Skye's voice called to her, distracting her from her thoughts. Inwardly, Katniss groaned. Sitting on this park bench had been one of the first times she'd been off her feet all day. But she just couldn't deny her little girl, not when she was being so good, she deserved the chance to have some fun, too. She settled Aran on her hip, as she pushed Skye on the swings. Hearing the little girl's squeals of joy made her smile. "Higher, higher Mama!" she begged. Katniss smiled again and pushed the swing harder. Skye loved being outdoors, running and jumping and playing in the dirt or splashing in puddles. She took after Katniss in that way, and she took great pleasure in watching her little girl having fun. Since Aran had been born, she felt guilty that she couldn't give Skye as much individual attention as she used too. It made her feel like she was somehow letting both her children down, failing Skye as her mother because Aran took up so much of her time and energy, and failing Aran, because she couldn't seem to find a way to soothe her younger child. It made her feel inadequate as a mother. Sometimes at her lowest points, she almost resented Aran, though she pushed those feelings away strongly whenever she felt them rising in her. She was really trying to keep just how down she was feeling about everything hidden from Peeta, knowing that it would only upset him. If he knew, he would push himself to do more, when she knew he was already pushing himself to his limit as it was. He worked so hard and then he threw himself into helping with the kids from the minute he arrived home until he left for work again the next morning. He was always worried about how exhausted she was, but she was just as worried about him. Most nights, one of them ended up falling asleep on the sofa, so the other had to wake them before they dragged themselves upstairs to bed. Deep down, she knew it was all getting too much for her, and that with every day and every week that went by she was feeling worse and worse and finding it harder to cope. She longed for a break, sometime away just to catch her breath and get away from her responsibilities and God, get some sleep. Again, she thought about the woods behind her childhood home. Her woods. More than anything, she longed for the feeling of peace and tranquility she felt whenever she was out there, sitting high in a tree or hunting alongside her childhood friend, Gale. But she couldn't just drop everything and take off. It wasn't far, but even if Peeta could manage to get a few days away from the bakery, he didn't really enjoy the woods like she did. She couldn't expect Prim to mind the kids either, she was busy with her own job and Aran was just too much of a handful. She sighed. She could see no opportunity for a respite any time soon. It was starting to turn cooler. "C'mon sweetie, it's time to go home!" she called to Skye, as she put Aran back into his stroller and turned to head home.