CAROLS ON CAMPUS "Oh c'mon Peeta, it won't be that bad. We might even have fun." Finnick begged, putting on his best puppy eyes. "Seriously, Finn? You want to go caroling?" Peeta pushed the brightly-colored flyer announcing " Carols on Campus" back at his roommate. "You know I can't hold a note to save my life." "We don't have to sing, dumbass. Our job is to help collect donations. You can't say no to this; it's for a good cause!" "What charity is it for?" Peeta asked, grabbing the flyer back and scanning over it again. "Does it really matter? They're all good causes." Peeta started to laugh, shaking his head at his friend. "You're unbelievable, Finn. Let me guess what this is really about. Annie is one of the carolers, right?" "She's not just one of the carolers; she helped organise the whole thing. She's amazing." Finnick's eyes start to glaze over as they always did when he talked about Annie, the girl he'd recently started dating. "Besides, I kind of already promised her we'd both help out, " he admitted with a guilty look on his face. "Oh you did, did you?" Peeta smirked at him. "And what if I have other plans tonight?" "Please, Peeta," Finnick pleaded. "I'm really trying to make a good impression on her. I want to show her that I'm not just some superficial idiot who is only interested in getting drunk and partying all the time." "You are only interested in those things." Peeta snorted. "I'm trying to reform," Finnick replied dryly. "Besides, Katniss will be there too…" he added, his eyes sparkling with mischief when he saw the instant flush of color rise on his friend's face. "That's not fair," Peeta huffed in annoyance. "You shouldn't use my weaknesses against me like that." "Hey, I'm just trying to be a good friend." Finnick smirked, knowing he'd already won. "This is a wonderful opportunity for you to get to know Katniss better. Think about it, Peeta, it would be great. Me with Annie. You with Katniss. It's written in the stars." "I don't know about that, Finn." Peeta sighed and ran his hand through his mop of wavy blond hair. As he did, he made a mental note to remember to get it cut again before he went home for the holidays. His mother didn't like it when his hair grew past his collar. "Why not?" Finnick asked, raising his eyebrows at Peeta's sudden despondency. "It's just… I'm starting to feel like some kind of weird stalker around Katniss. I've seen her at a few parties and around campus all the time, but whenever I try to talk to her it's just awkward. She either barely answers me or she blows me off as soon as possible. I think I'm wasting my time." "You need to get out of your head, Peeta. You've hooked up with girls before and never seemed to have a problem charming them with your words. I've seen you do it." "That's just it. I don't want to just hook up with her. It's more than that. This girl is special; I can feel it." "I get that," Finnick smiled. "I feel the same way about Annie. I didn't at first, but now… I think she might be the one. If you think Katniss is special, then all the more reason why you should come and help out tonight. A snowy night and Christmas lights, it's a perfect romantic setting for you to ask her to go out with you." "I was hoping to get to know her a little more first, maybe let her get to know me before I asked her for a date. But I don't think she's interested. Maybe I should think about moving on." "What, give up, just like that?" Finnick looked appalled. "Peeta, this is not like you. You can't give up that easy. Sure, Katniss isn't the most approachable girl I've ever met, but Annie told me she is always reserved around people she doesn't know very well." "It's not just that though. I think there might be someone she likes back in her home town." "What makes you think that?" "The last time I did get a few words out of her was at Marvel's Halloween party. She spent the whole time telling me about how great her best friend Gale is." "So? I don't see the problem." Finnick looked at him in confusion. "I didn't think there was one either, until she told me that Gale is a guy." Finnick sighed and rolled his eyes. "I repeat, so ? Girls can be friends with guys, Peeta. I'm surprised that would bother you. What about you and that girl from back home, whatshername… Debbie? The curvy blonde with the big…" Finnick brought his hands up to his chest, curving his fingers upwards in a cupping motion. "Delly! Her name is Delly, and don't do that!" Peeta tossed the now scrunched up flyer at Finnick's face. "Ah yes, the lovely Delly. Short for del icious…" Finnick ducked the harmless paper missile and laughed. "I don't know why you haven't hit that yet." Peeta glared at him. "Stop it, dude! I haven't hit that because Delly is my friend. She's like my sister!" "Okay, okay," Finnick put his hands up in defeat. "I'll stop. But you've made my point for me. You're a guy and your best friend back home is a girl, so why can't Katniss have a friend back home who is a guy? Did she say anything that might indicate this Gale person is her boyfriend?" "No, she didn't. It was just a feeling I got when she talked about how much she misses him and his mother, and that he looks out for her little sister while she is away at college. It sounds like she practically lives with his family whenever she goes back home." "Sounds to me like she thinks of him as part of her family. Are you sure they're not cousins or something? If he was her boyfriend, would she talk about missing his mother ?" Finnick shook his head. "I think you're reading too much into it." "When you put it like that, maybe I am." Peeta reached up and rubbed the back of his neck to ease the tense muscles there. He already knew he had a tendency to overthink things sometimes. "It's just… I think I could really like her, Finn. But I don't want to make her uncomfortable or waste my time if she isn't interested." Especially not after the last girlfriend I had made a complete fool out of me with Cato. "There is only one way to find out for sure." Finnick shrugged. "Next time you get talking to her, ask her out. It doesn't have to be dinner and a movie—start small. Ask her to go for coffee or something. If she says no, you'll know where you stand. Seriously, dude, just ask her." "If only it were that easy." Peeta huffed again, annoyed with himself. "It is that easy," Finnick insisted, getting up from his seat and gathering his stuff as he prepared to leave for class. "And not to put pressure on you or anything, but if you do really like this girl, don't wait too long. Because if you don't ask her out, sooner or later someone else will." "Gee, thanks, Finn. That makes me feel a whole lot better." Peeta growled. "You'll thank me when you're married with a couple of kids," Finn grinned. … Peeta stamped his feet and cupped his hands over his mouth, blowing air into them to try and keep warm while he waited for Finnick, Annie, and Katniss to show up. The event was due to begin in less than thirty minutes and there was still no sign of any them. Though bitterly cold, it was a beautiful evening. The inky blue sky was completely cloudless and for once, the stars were clearly visible above them. All around the quad, trees were lit up with tiny white lights, and in the centre was a huge Christmas tree. The light dusting of snow that had fallen earlier made the whole scene look like something straight of a Christmas card. "Peeta!" He heard his name being called and turned to see Finnick and Annie rushing towards him, large smiles on both their faces. "Hey guys," he greeted them, feeling his stomach drop a little when there was no sign of Katniss with them. "Hi Peeta, thanks for coming and helping out," Annie greeted him with a one-armed hug and handed him a collection bucket. "It's no problem," Peeta returned smoothly. "Anything for a good cause." He threw a quick look at Finnick, who grinned back and gave him a cheeky wink behind Annie's back. "I've got to get everyone together so we can get started. Did Finn tell you there will be mulled wine and hot apple cider for a few friends back at my place afterwards? You're welcome to come back with us and hang out." "Thanks, Annie, I will." Peeta happily accepted, knowing it would give him more chances to talk to Katniss. "Great! Listen, have you seen Katniss anywhere? She was supposed to meet me here." "No, I haven't seen her." "She must be around here somewhere," Annie looked around until her gaze focused on something behind him. "Ah, there she is!" she began to hurry away, tossing a "see you later Peeta!" back over her shoulder. "I told you this was a good idea," Finnick bent close to his ear as he made to follow in Annie's wake. "Tonight is your chance, Peeta. Take it." Peeta nodded and looked around casually trying not to make it too obvious he was looking for someone. Suddenly he spotted her, standing a few feet away, talking to a couple of people he guessed were other carolers, with what looked like sheet music in her hand. He couldn't help the deep breath he took, and then exhaled again slowly as he watched her. Ever since the first time he'd laid eyes her at the start of the fall semester, the sight of the elusive raven-haired beauty had the same effect on him. Mentally he took note of the vision she presented him with tonight to add to his sketchbook later. Her cheeks were rosy from the cold, even though she was dressed warmly for the weather in thick leggings, boots that came up to mid-calf, and a warm wool coat belted at the waist which showed off her tiny figure. Her thick dark hair was tucked under a jaunty red wool cap, except for a few loose tendrils which had escaped and framed her face and her usual braid, which rested over her left shoulder. Peeta was shocked by how much he wanted to loosen that braid and run his fingers through her hair. He wondered if it would feel as silky as it looks, what it would look like if she wore it down, or loose and flowing in waves down her naked back as she tossed her head and straddled him… He shook his head and pinched himself sharply. If he didn't stop this train of thought, he'd spend most of his evening hard and having to avoid her. … The evening got off to a great start, with the carolers delivering rousing renditions of an assortment of traditional carols and hymns that Peeta hadn't heard since the last time his grandmother had made him scrub behind his ears and dragged him to church. Later they switched to cover versions of more modern Christmas songs that he recognised as the soundtrack to many drunken Christmas parties he'd attended over the last few years. A substantial crowd had gathered to listen and sing along; students, faculty and even some families with young children were in attendance. Almost against his will, Peeta found himself joining in and singing along out