Part One Oh no. Not him. Katniss felt her heart sink. Peeta Mellark was sick too. Katniss listened to the conversation more closely. "Yes, I saw the Cartwright girl this morning. She said that the bakery was still closed because he was sick now as well. I feel for that family. Losing Marilyn Mellark and now the youngest son." Katniss piped up. "He's dead? I thought you said he was just sick!" Both ladies turned to look at her an odd sight, since both were wearing surgical masks over their mouths and noses. "Well, I dare say there is not much hope for him at this point is there" the woman replied. "I'm sure he's on the list to receive the Remedy shot, but who knows when the next shipment will arrive or how many people are ahead of him." "Do you know him well," the other woman asked Katniss. "No. It's just, he was in my year at school." The line began to move and the two ladies in front of her turned around. Katniss felt a wave of nausea wash over her. Peeta Mellark was sick. She picked up her family's rations and headed home. No one was sure what it was. The virus had hit town first taking its earliest victim in less than a week's time. The first sign of illness was a strikingly high fever and headache, followed by severe vomiting and diarrhea. Most of the regular treatments had little to no effect. The high fever coupled with the dehydration often plunged the victims into convulsions and unconsciousness. Most died within a week. With death coming so quickly to the victims; people began calling the virus Nightlock Fever. The most disturbing thing about it however, was how contagious it turned out to be. The illness rampaged through the district; town and seam alike. Several times, entire families had been wiped out. Young or old, rich or poor, the virus was indiscriminate between victims. The ever generous capital, protectors of the people of Panem, had enforced a quarantine to prevent the virus from spreading to other districts. As the virus grabbed hold of the town however, they pulled their peacekeepers out. Trains no longer came. Supplies were dropped in from hover crafts high above. Fear gripped the district. The few doctors in town were overwhelmed and had reached out to Katniss's mom for help knowing she was a healer. Both Prim and Katniss did all they could to assist their mother and even people from town would make the trip to the Seam desperate for a cure. The most they could do was keep the patients as comfortable as possible and treat the symptoms. The shops closed. The mines shut down. Even school was cancelled. The capital sent in a team of biological researchers which only increased the unrest. They wore bio suits for protection and took all kinds of samples from the dead and dying. Fear of contracting the virus increased. The bio team confirmed that it was unknown to them, a new kind of virus. Everyone begin wearing medical isolation masks and latex gloves if they ventured outside in an attempt to protect themselves. A few weeks after the first case, the capitol sent what they called the Remedy shot. It was not a cure, however, the death rate declined slightly. The medication had no effect in preventing contagion and it was not given until the patient had actually presented with symptoms. Most still passed away but a lucky few who had been healthy beforehand now had a fighting chance. As Katniss made her way home Peeta stayed on her mind. She was surprised at how upset the news made her. Tears sprang to her eyes as she thought about him. Well liked. Quick with a smile. Kind. He had saved her and her family years before by throwing those loaves of burned bread to her. Now he was suffering. It was cruel. She knew what she had to do. She had to help him. When the first shipment of Remedy shots had arrived, Katniss's mom had secretly pulled three out of the box one for each Prim, herself, and Katniss. The shots were in very limited supply as they were difficult to manufacture as quickly as the virus spread. As a result, anything that was necessary to treat the symptoms, IV fluid, fever reducers, and anti-emetics ran short as well. The Remedy shot itself was highly regulated; the capital requiring records of where each shot went. The only thing for the sick to do was to register on a list and hope that enough shots would be supplied in time. Some people died waiting. Katniss's mother had said that she couldn't allow her own daughters to be surrounded by infection and not at least take that precaution and she had marked on records that three shots had arrived damaged and unusable. Then, she locked them away in her medicine chest. Katniss came through the front door to an empty house. No doubt both Prim and her mother were out seeing patients. Katniss went straight to her mother's room and searched through drawers until she found the key to the chest. Opening it with shaking hands, she grabbed one of the syringes but suddenly felt guilty. Shouldn't she at least discuss this with Prim and her mother before she made her final decision? She looked at the prefilled syringe. It meant life for someone. Who knew if she would even contract the virus? They may not even need all three injections. She would refuse the shot if she got infected ensuring that Prim and her mother would still have theirs available. Peeta had saved her life. She would try to save his. She grabbed her bag and packed some extra clothing and a few necessities for herself. She took some herbs and minerals that she knew would help ease some of the symptoms for Peeta. Even if the shot couldn't help him, she would try her best to make him as comfortable as she could to ease his passing. Finally, she sat down and wrote a note to Prim and her mom. In it she explained what she had done. She wrote to them about Peeta and the bread and told them that she would never be able to live with herself if she didn't help him now. She planned to stay at the Mellark's until Peeta came around or succumbed to the illness. With that, she heaved the bag over her shoulders and headed to town. She had no idea how the Mellarks would react when she showed up. She really hadn't thought that far ahead but now that she as at their door, she hesitated. What if they wouldn't let her stay? What if they refused her help? If nothing else, at least she could give Peeta the injection. She would insist on it. She knocked but no one came to the door. She pounded on it a second time and finally the door creaked open. Tired blue eyes peered out the crack. Peeta's brother. He looked at Katniss in a bit of confusion. "The bakery is closed. We don't have anything to trade" "I'm here for Peeta. Can I come in?" "Katniss right? Peeta is sick. You really shouldn't be here." Katniss rummaged in her bag and pulled out the Remedy shot; waving it in front of the brother's face. "I'm here to help him." The brother's eyes widened. He pulled open the door and quickly ushered Katniss inside. He called for Mr. Mellark as he led Katniss up the stairs to the home above the shop where the family lived. He motioned for Katniss to sit down as he went to get his father. "He's in with Peeta. I'll get him." Katniss looked around the room. It was in disarray, but rather homey and comfortable looking. Mr. Mellark strode into the room. He too, looked worn. Katniss stood and immediately began to explain. Her story of Peeta came out in a rush and when she was finished both Mellarks stared at her in silence. "Is that shot real," Peeta's brother finally asked. "Yes." "Where did you get it?" "I can't tell you that," she answered. "Please let me help him! I have my things and I am prepared to stay as long as I need to." She pleaded. "Surely you can use some help. Maybe you both can get some rest?" She looked at Peeta's brother then her determined gaze turned to Mr. Mellark. Who appeared to be surprised into silence, but finally he burst into tears. Peeta's brother grabbed Katniss and pulled her into a tight hug. "Yes! Yes! Thank you. Thank you so much!" Mr. Mellark was still trying to compose himself as Katniss followed Peeta's brother down the hall. Katniss asked Peeta's brother, who introduced himself as Rye, what stage of the illness Peeta was in. Rye told her that Peeta had shown his first symptoms the day before their mother had passed away. He was on day four now. "Dad and I have been taking turns staying in here with him" he told her as they entered the bedroom. Peeta was lying in bed asleep or unconscious and looking very pale. There was a washbasin and a bottle of water on the bedside table along with several washcloths, a towel and a couple of bottles of medicine. Rye went to Peeta and placed his hand on his brother's forehead. "Nothing we give him makes the fever go down," Rye said. He turned his face back towards Peeta and gently shook his shoulder. "Pete. Peeta." He shook him again and Peeta opened his eyes. "Peeta, someone is here to help you." Katniss didn't think she had ever seen Peeta look so weak. He had always seemed so strong to her. He was shivering as if he was freezing although she could feel the heat of his fever radiating from him as she knelt closer to him. His striking blue eyes were bloodshot and he could barely hold them open. She wasn't even sure that Peeta understood what his brother was saying. He looked confused and delirious as he tried to focus on her. "Hi Peeta," she said giving him a comforting smile. He blinked several times and was seized by a convulsion. He closed his eyes again and was pulled back into unconsciousness. Katniss found the shot in her bag and moved closer to Peeta pulling his limp arm from underneath the covers. She rolled up the sleeve of his t-shirt swiped an alcohol pad over it and gave him the injection. "When will we know if it helps?" Katniss looked back up at Rye. "I'm not sure. It's different for everyone. When he makes it; I guess." Rye nodded in understanding then pulled a chair over for Katniss to sit in and he sat down on the edge of Peeta's bed. He told her how Peeta's illness had progressed. The nausea and diarrhea had hit him hard but, at this point, he was past that stage. He explained that they were trying to make him drink but that Peeta was unable to hold any liquid down, vomiting not long after ingesting anything. His temperature was very high, 103 the last time they had taken it. Katniss could see how worried Rye was. "I feel so helpless," he told her. Katniss tried to reassure Rye and she told him that she planned to stay right there to tend Peeta if they would allow her to. She asked Rye to bring in another basin of water and some fresh washcloths. "I have a few things we can try, and we need to get his temperature down. Can you bring several spoons and also some chipped ice?" Rye nodded and left the room as Katniss settled in. Mr. Mellark and Rye still took turns sitting in the room with Katniss, helping her as she tried to get some liquids