*I don't own any of the characters from Twilight. They belong to Stephenie Meyer. I only own the original characters in this story. Chapter 1 The lights were off as Evie walked up the pathway to the front door. The house looked the same from all those years ago when she and her mom would visit her cousin Bella and Uncle Charlie. Her mom, Katherine always liked the small town feel of Forks Washington. Her mom loved growing up with her cousin Charlie, who was more like a brother and Billy Black who lived on the Quileute Indians Reservation in La Push Washington. Evie took a deep breath trying to force the back tears. Evie missed her mom but knew that with chemo and radiation treatments, traveling was a big NO for her mom. She felt guilty leaving her mom back in California. She missed home. The sound of the waves breaking and crashing as the tide washed up on the beach. That was best sound in the world. She frowned as she thought of home. Her chest began to tighten as she thought of her mom and home. She took a deep breath and knocked on the door. She knew her Uncle was home. His police cruiser was parked behind what she assumed was her cousin Bella's Chevy truck, aka the thing. She smiled thinking that there was no mistaking that this house belonged to the Chief of Police. She always thought it was cool that her Uncle was the Chief. She glanced at the truck once more as she remembered Bella e-mailing about her 'new' truck and boyfriend…Edward. At least she thought that was his name but she wasn't quite sure. But there was also Bella's best friend Jacob. It made Evie wonder if Jacob was Jacob Black. He had a huge crush on Bella when they were younger. He was always a happy kid with a big grin permanently plastered on his face. The porch light turned on, pulling her from her thoughts. "Can I help…Evie?" Charlie looked stunned. He blinked a few times before he broke out into a smile. It only lasted a few seconds. "What are you doing here? I thought you arrived on Monday." He opened the door to let her in. She grabbed her bag and walked in. She noticed her Uncle still had his mustache. "Mom gave you the wrong day," she began to explain. "She's been a bit off on her days. She meant Friday not Monday. I took a cab." He gave her a look. "Uncle Charlie, I take the bus all the time. It's almost the same thing." He scowled at her. She dropped her bag by the couch in the living room. "I can't believe how grown up you look," he said rubbing the back of his neck. "You look so much like your mother." He could feel his throat tighten. Katherine didn't deserve the pain she was going through. She was always so full of life. It didn't matter that Kathy was only his cousin. He always thought of her as his kid sister. Both being only children, brought them together. "How's your mom doing?" He could see the hesitation in her eyes. He wouldn't wish Cancer on his worst enemy. "Umm…," Evie responded. She shifted from one foot to the other. "Mom's holding up." She pushed the lump in her throat away. "She's tough," she added clearing her throat. "Sorry we missed Bella's graduation." She pulled her hair way from her face. "Mom wasn't up for traveling and I didn't want to leave her so soon after everything that happen." "I understand Evie," Charlie nodded with a sad look on his face. He motioned for her to take a seat. Evie looked around the room and smiled. It looked exactly the same as it did four years ago. The couch and recliner were exactly the same. They were even in the same spot. She smiled thinking of the last time she was here. They celebrated her twelve birthday here. Her dad showed up to help celebrate. There were pictures of Bella through the years all around the room. There were a few of Bella, Jacob Black and her when Bella was six and Jacob and Evie were four, sitting on the dock while Uncle Charlie and Billy Black, Jacob's father, fished. There was also one of the three of them covered from head to toe in mud, Bella was five and Jacob and Evie were three. "Where's Bella?" she asked taking a seat. Charlie shifted uncomfortably. "She's with her boyfriend," he replied. It looked like the word boyfriend left a bad taste in his mouth. "She should be home…," he stopped talking when the front door opened and they heard voices. "I'm just saying Bells," a male voice said. The voice sounded familiar. Charlie and Evie stood up as Bella and a very tall guy walked into the living room. His dark skin was a beautiful shade of brown. His black hair was as dark as night. Evie's eyes connected with the tall guy for just a moment, but the dark pool of his eyes were familiar and friendly. His physique was nice to look as his dark blue shirt hugged every muscle on his chest and arms. The cutoff denim shorts showed off his muscular legs. The fact that he wasn't wearing shoes didn't deter from his overall presence. She quickly looked at his eyes. "Jacob," she asked a bit uncertain. The recognition in his eyes made her smile. "Evie," he said with a big goofy smile. He crossed the room in two steps and engulfed her in a hug. "It's been forever since I've seen you." He pulled away and they laughed. He still looked the same except for the growth spurt. "I know," she replied returning his huge grin. "You're huge. I have to crane my neck back just to see you." She was looking up at him. "That's Jake, the giant," Bella added with a laugh. Evie and Bella looked at each other and smiled. Bella looked exactly the same, mahogany hair with chocolate brown eyes. She was still as pale as ever. She really stood out next to Jacob. He was looking at Bella as if she was the only girl in the world. Hmm she wonders how the boyfriend feels about this or if he even noticed. "Bella, you look great," Evie said pulling her into a hug. "I'm sorry mom and I missed your graduation." Bella hugged her back. "I've missed you." "Me too," she replied before pulling away. "I thought you were coming next week?" she asked a bit confused. "Mom gave Uncle Charlie the wrong day," Evie answered. Jacob sighed. "You knew she was coming and you didn't tell me," he grumbled. Evie laughed at Jacob's expression. "I wanted to surprise you," Bella quickly responded with a smile. "Besides I'm pretty sure the last thing Evie wanted was another mud pie in the face." She looked at Evie and laughed. Evie turned and scowled at Jacob. "That's right. You shoved it in my face and mouth," she exclaimed hitting him in the arm. "Ouch," she cried out looking at her hand. He laughed as she shook her hand. "Your arm is like a concrete wall." They laughed except Charlie, who was watching them with a weird look. "Hey what happened to your hand Bella?" she questioned her cousin as she lifted her bandaged hand. Jacob ruffled Evie's hair before standing next to Bella. She couldn't help but notice how Jacob and Bella moved towards each other. It was almost like a dance. Their bodies glided along to their own beat. "That would be me," Jacob admitted reluctantly. He felt bad that Bella got hurt, but it did force her to face the fact that she loved him or so he hoped. They took a seat on the couch. "Figures it was you," Evie stated with a smile. She took a seat next to Bella and Charlie sat on the recliner. "How long are you here for?" Jacob asked leaning back and throwing his arm around the back of the couch. Bella looked at Jacob. Something passed between them but Evie wasn't sure what it was. "A few days," she answered. "My dad is taking me to Hawaii for my birthday next week." Jacob let out a low whistle. "Must be nice," he said smiling. "My sister Rebecca lives in Hawaii with her husband." "Wow, I didn't know that Rebecca was married. Where's Rachel?" Evie asked. "How's your dad?" She loved hearing Billy's commanding voice when he told stories. "She's in college," Jacob replied. "She works during the summer and takes classes as well. Dad is okay." He had one of Bella's hands in his own. He was playing with her fingers. The phone rang. "I'll get it," Charlie volunteered. "How's Aunt Kathy?" Bella asked in a soft tone. Evie could hear the sadness in her voice. "Mom's okay. She was more worried about me," Evie quickly responded. "She thought it would be a good idea for me to visit here until my dad gets back from Japan." Jacob raised his eyebrows. "He's on a photo shoot," she explained. "That's one of the reasons he is taking me to Hawaii for my birthday. He has another photo shoot in Hawaii and decided to mix business and pleasure." "Wait, your birthday was in March," Bella said with a confused look. "Hey that's right," Jacob added. "Your birthday is after mine." He leaned forward but kept Bella's hand in his. "Yeah, you're both right. He was in Paris for my birthday," Evie replied. "It's a late birthday present." She tried to keep the disappointment out of her voice. She couldn't deny the hurt she felt when he called apologizing for missing her birthday. That was the second time he cancelled their Hawaiian vacation. "I can't wait to see him," Bella smiled. "I remember Uncle Mitchell would put on puppet show for us." She moved a bit closer to Jacob. His body heat kept her warm. "Oh, yeah," Jacob exclaimed. "Whenever we got bored, he would make up these funny stories with puppets." He laughed making Evie and Bella laugh too. "You'll get to see him in a few days," Evie pointed out. "This will give me time to meet your boyfriend." The happy atmosphere suddenly changed to awkward. Bella looked sideways at Jacob before giving me a polite smile. Jacob's jaw tighten as he tensed up a little bit. He looked away for a moment. Bella touched his arm and he relaxed. Evie wondered if Bella realized the effect she had on him or the effect he had on her. "You will meet him tomorrow actually," Bella answered. She looked away when Jacob turned towards her. The small smile on his face made her nervous. "That sounds like fun," Charlie said in a sarcastic tone as he took his seat on the recliner. "Dad," Bella scolded. The tension in the air was building up. "What's wrong?" she asked. "Actually, you, Evie and I will be in La Push tomorrow," Charlie stated. Bella looked worried but Jacob had a huge smile on his face. "But I have plans with Edward and Alice tomorrow," Bella said looking at Charlie. "Maybe we can go to La Push another day." She knew Edward would be upset about her going to La Push. In her peripheral vision she could see the huge grin on Jacob's face. "I'm sorry kiddo but Billy, Sam and Emily are throwing you a graduation party. They felt bad missing the party at the Cullen's," he said. But he didn't sound sorry at all. "Maybe we could all head over to La Push," Evie suggested but she could see Jacob's jawline tighten up again and Bella looked scared. "Or not," she quickly added. She placed a hand over her mouth as she yawned. Bella glared at Jacob. "You knew about