Christmas story. Four chapters. Fluffy, sweet - mostly. Thanks to Liz for prereading and MidNight Cougar for her beta work and kicking my ass over content. Her foot got quite a work out on this one. I am on pain killers due to a medical procedure I had done yesterday so any and all mistakes are mine. I blame the drugs, but it would probably happen anyway. LOL. Enjoy! The car sputtered and huffed, slowly rolling to a stop on the side of the road. I slammed my hand on the steering wheel in frustration. "God damn it!" I leaned my head back on the head rest, trying to rein in my anger. What the hell possessed me to leave the quiet safety of my house to drive across country in winter two days before Christmas, to go see my family? What stupid sense of duty prompted this action? I barked out a laugh. So much for a surprise for them. The joke was really on me. They didn't know I was coming and now I wasn't sure I'd get there. From the strange sound my car was making I wasn't sure I'd get home either. I tried the engine again, but it wouldn't start. I looked around, taking in the bleak landscape. Grabbing the GPS, I turned it back on and got the same message it had been flashing the last ten minutes. Recalculating. I tossed it aside. What a piece of junk. I had no fucking idea where I was, except I knew I was about three hours away from a major city. Ottawa was far behind me. My parents' home some four hours or more ahead. I shook my head in frustration. I should have been patient and not taken that detour, but the accident on the highway had snarled traffic. Instead of waiting, I had followed a trail of cars headed off the highway, but it had thinned out right about the time my GPS died, followed not long after by my cellphone. I always forgot to charge the damn thing. A car flew by me and I lifted my head, narrowing my eyes as I watched it travel down the road. I pursed my lips as I saw brake lights and then it disappeared around a corner farther up the road. It was a long way away, but I was sure I saw lights. What was up there? A house? A business? I shrugged my shoulders. Only one way to find out. I leaned over and grabbed my beanie and gloves, cursing the fact my leather coat wasn't going to offer much protection from the cold. Neither were my sneakers. But it was either go try to find a phone or sit in the car and wait for someone to stop. I got out of the car and realized there was a third option. Freeze. Fuck, it was cold outside . I trudged down the road, my head down and hands buried in my pockets. By the time I got to the spot I thought the car had turned, my teeth were chattering and my body was shaking with cold chills, the only saving grace the fact it wasn't snowing. I rounded the corner and heaved a sigh of relief. Up ahead was a small building, its lights a distant glow. I pushed forward, almost groaning when I realized it was a quaint, little diner. The parking lot had about a half dozen cars in it, and I gratefully pulled open the thick, wooden door and stepped through it. The warmth inside the diner hit me and I stumbled to the closest table, sitting down heavily with a low gasp. The air around me felt almost too hot compared to my icy skin. I pulled the beanie off my head and yanked off my gloves, bending and stretching my cold hands, trying to get the feeling back in them. My glasses were so cold there was ice on the lenses, so I pulled them off and tossed them to the table. I should have left them in the car. Since my laser surgery, I only needed them for driving. "Here," a soft voice spoke close to my ear. I opened my eyes, meeting concerned ones of the lightest ice-blue I had ever seen. They were filled with worry as they met mine, the emotion in them so easy to see. I couldn't remember the last time I had seen anyone look at me with such concern. It was an unusual feeling. Unable to break the gaze, I blinked and a deep 'V' appeared between the lovely eyes. "Can you talk?" I cleared my throat and sat up. "S-sorry. Yes." My voice sounded rough as if I hadn't spoken for days rather than only hours. "C-cold, I'm so cold." A cup appeared in front of me and gratefully I grabbed for it, only to have it slip from my cold hands and rattle back into place on the saucer. I cursed quietly and looked back up at the warm gaze. The woman attached to the lovely eyes, smiled in understanding and lifted the cup to my mouth, helping me drink the warm liquid. Her hand cupped the back of my head; its heat burning my cold skin as I gulped the coffee down greedily. She sat the cup down, a small smile on her face when she saw it was empty. "Better?" I nodded, feeling the warmth seep through my body. "Much. Thank you." "Where did you come from?" "My car—" I paused and swallowed. "My car broke down." He voice was horrified. "You walked here from the highway?" "No. The highway was closed. I followed some cars trying to get around an accident and I got lost. My car started making some weird noises and then it simply died. I walked for about twenty minutes." "That's still a long way in this cold north wind. No wonder you're freezing. You don't even have boots on!" She tsked loudly as she stood up. "Take off your coat. It's holding the cold. Stay here." She walked away, and I grinned at her retreating figure, finding her bossy tone, for some reason, amusing. Where did she think I was gonna go? Back out in that cold? I didn't fucking think so! She reappeared with a steaming bowl of soup and sat it in front of me. Then she draped a blanket around my shoulders. "Eat that. I'll be back." Her tone brooked no argument. I picked up the spoon and took a mouthful. I watched her move around the diner, talking to the few customers in it, obviously at home here. It wasn't very busy, but the sign outside said it was open twenty-four hours, and I wondered idly what time she worked until. It was an old-fashioned kind of diner, with Formica counter tops and mismatched tables and chairs scattered around. Christmas lights were strung around the windows and beside me a rather dilapidated tree was festooned with popcorn strings and ornaments fashioned from straws and bent utensils giving it a whimsical air that made me smile. The entire atmosphere was one of a well-worn, long-standing local place to gather and meet. She reappeared, smiling in satisfaction at the empty bowl. "Warmer now?" "Yes. Thank you again." I glanced at my watch, seeing it was after ten. "I don't suppose there is a twenty-four hour service station around here?" She shook her head. "A hotel close by?" Again her head shook. "There is in town." I grimaced. "How far away is that?" "About a twenty minute drive." "Ah." "More coffee?" "Will you help me drink it?" I teased, surprised at my words. I felt very at ease with this woman, which wasn't a normal reaction for me. Her smile was beautiful. It transformed her soft features into a stunning vision of loveliness. My breath caught in my throat. "The first one is on the house. I charge after that." "Noted." My voice dropped. "Thank you for that. That was beyond kind." Her cheeks flooded with color, enhancing her subtle beauty, and her gaze dropped. "I'll get your coffee." On impulse I held out my hand. "I'm Edward Masen." Her hand was warm clasped in mine. "Bella Swan." I looked down at our hands, and then back up at her. "Hello, Bella. It's a real pleasure to meet you." *()* A fresh cup of coffee appeared in front of me. I took a sip of it and gasped. "Wow. That's hot." She smiled as she nodded. "I added cold water to the first cup so you could drink it fast and start warming up. Speaking of which, you're still shivering. Here." In her outstretched hand was a bundled towel. Confused, I took it from her hands only to realize it was warm. "Your hands are still cold, so your feet must be freezing. They're soaking wet." she explained quietly. "Take off your shoes and you can wrap them in that." "Oh, um … here?" She nodded. "Yes." I hesitated. "Your feet," she said pointedly. "Take your socks off. The wet socks aren't helping." I looked around the mostly empty diner. I didn't want to get her into trouble. She smiled at me. "It's fine, Edward." I toed out of my wet sneakers and socks, wrapping the towel around them. She was right. They were freezing. "Thank you," I said again. A shudder ran through me as the heat hit my skin. "I, ah, called a friend in town who owns a garage. He's sending out one of his tow trucks to get your car. He'll look at it in the morning. He can drive you to the hotel as well. It's going to take him a while to get here so I'll throw your socks and sneakers into the dryer in the back. " I was surprised by the kindness. "Bella—thank you." "It isn't a problem." I reached for her. Once again as my hand wrapped around hers, I felt the deep warmth. "You are truly," I hesitated, "an angel. Thank you." "Drink your coffee," she admonished. But she was smiling as she walked away. *()* "You're sure?" Jake asked me as he pulled back into the diner parking lot, my car on the winch behind his truck. He'd picked me up, drove to my car but instead of riding back into town with him as planned, I felt the intense need to go back to the diner. Back to Bella. She had looked as sad as I felt when Jake arrived to take me to my car, even though she smiled as she handed me my now dry sneakers and socks. She wished me well and a safe journey before she turned away, leaving me feeling strangely empty. From the moment I left, I wanted to go back. She had chatted at me while I waited for Jake, and I enjoyed her soft voice and sweet laughter. My usual shyness seemed to disappear around her. She had a way of drawing you in to her warmth, making you want more. More of her time and smiles. More of her. "Yes. I left my glasses." "I can wait." "I'm, ah, hungry. I'll eat and then grab a cab." Jake chuckled. "A cab might be hard to find this time of night out here." "I'll grab a ride with someone." Jake glanced toward the diner. "The food is good." Then he chuckled. "So is the service." I narrowed my eyes at him. He returned my gaze steadily. "Bella is my wife's friend, Edward. Tread carefully." "I just want a cheeseburger, Jake." He laughed. "We have a Wendy's if that's all you're after." "Um …" "Carefully, Edward. Just saying." He paused. "I'll call your cell when I know what the problem is with your car." I nodded as I got out of the cab of his truck. *()* The diner was even emptier when I walked in. I made my