My entry for the May to December contest. Fourth place in the public vote - thank you so much! Summary: A secret attraction, a forbidden love. Can their foundation stand the forces that could tear them apart? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. There was a loud crunch of gravel as tires going too fast, spun on the loose rock, shooting dust and debris into the air. Brakes squealed as a vehicle shuddered to a halt. Someone was obviously in a hurry. "Shit," Jake muttered. "Heads up, Edward." I glanced around and stifled a groan as the driver's side of the large, black pickup was flung open and a pair of shapely legs slid out; the small feet encased in shoes that had no business being close to a construction site. Those small feet marched my way, carrying the petite, dark-haired woman—the bane of my existence—Isabella Swan. The boss's daughter. "Edward," she greeted me, her tone caustic. "I was worried you'd perhaps fallen into a cement mixer, or off the scaffolding when you didn't return my calls. I'm so thrilled to see you alive and well." I resisted the urge to laugh. I was pretty sure "thrilled" wasn't the word she wanted to use. I feigned surprise. "You called?" I made a show of pulling my phone out of my back pocket. "The damn thing's been acting up lately. I must have missed your voice mails." She glared at me, crossing her arms, which pushed her pert breasts together, the hint of cleavage peeking through the "V" of her deep blue shirt. I snapped my eyes away from the glimpse of the smooth skin and instead focused my attention on the tall man following Isabella at a leisurely pace. "Edward," he said with a tilt of his head and a smirk playing on his lips partially hidden by his moustache. "Phone trouble again?" I smirked back. "Damnedest thing, Charlie." Isabella snorted—a distinctly unladylike sound—and held out her hand. "Give me your phone and I'll take it into the Apple Store and have them check it out." "No, I'll take care of it." "I insist," she smiled sweetly. "It is, after all, company property." "No, really," I ground out between clenched teeth. "I'll take care of it." She opened her mouth to protest, but Charlie interrupted her. "Leave it, Bells. If Edward says he'll take care of it, he will." Her mouth snapped shut; those pouty, plump lips thinning out. Her eyes spoke volumes, though. They were shooting lasers at me, which I ignored. "What's up, Charlie?" "We need to go over the budget. I asked Bells to set up a meeting with you, but she was, ah, unable to get in contact. I decided to come see you and she tagged along." "I understood you were out of town, Isabella." "I got back early." "Awesome." I nodded and turned back to Charlie. "You want me to come to the office or you want to do it here?" "Come to the office after you're done." "You want me to grab us dinner?" "Angelo's?" he asked hopefully. "No!" Isabella snapped. "No pizza for you, Charlie! You know what the doctor said." He rolled his eyes. "He said to watch it, Bells, not that I couldn't have pizza on occasion." "When's the last time you had it?" "Weeks ago—maybe longer." She pivoted my way, her hands on her hips. "Edward?" I held up my hands. "I'm not your father's keeper. I have no idea what he eats." She pursed her lips, her foot tapping on the gravel, glaring at both me and Charlie. It was a nice change not to be the only one with whom she was annoyed. "No bacon or sausage," she snapped at me. "Light on the cheese." "Sure." Charlie caught my gaze and rolled his eyes, letting me know what he thought of her command. I could work something out and keep them both happy. She'd probably only stick around for a few minutes. Maybe I'd grab two pizzas—one to make Isabella happy and one for me and Charlie, and once she left I'd bring in the latter. ~o0o~ My plan would have worked—except she didn't leave. I spent the next couple hours being grilled by her over the budget and glared at by Charlie for handing him a pizza covered in vegetables and a dusting of cheese. The fact that half had pepperoni on it didn't help since Isabella watched which half he ate from, slapping his hand when he reached for the pepperoni. His mood darkened even more when she had the audacity to eat the pizza he felt should be his. He got even by leaning back and letting her pick apart every decision I had made. When she got up to get a file, I growled at him. "Thanks for the back-up." "Thanks for the lousy dinner." "I have a full works in the truck." "Oh, yeah?" "Good luck getting it after you let 'The General' at me," I snarled at him, using the nickname the guys had for her. He smirked as Isabella swept back in the room, her skirt hem flipping up as she sat down, giving me a glimpse of her knees. Her soft, rounded knees. "Now, about the overtime," she started. Charlie held up his hand. "The overtime was necessary, Bells. The client wanted the changes and knew it would cost them." He sat back in his chair. "In fact, I'm pretty sure I remember okaying most of these expenditures. The ones I didn't I know about, Edward wouldn't have spent if they weren't necessary." We both gaped at him. He stood up, stretching. "You head home, Bells. You must be tired. I need to talk over a couple other things with Edward. I'll call you on the weekend." She gathered up her files and left the office, muttering. I glanced at him, frowning. "Just like that? Suddenly everything is fine because you want to get your hands on that other pizza? You're such a jerk." "That was only part of it. I do enjoy watching the two of you spar. I can't believe you let her tell you what to put on the pizza." I groaned. "You're my boss, Charlie, but let's face it—she runs the show. I didn't dare bring in the other one." He sighed. "Will you ever get along?" I wasn't sure what to say, so I shrugged. "Maybe one day." He shook his head. "The two of you drive me nuts. Go get the other pizza before she thinks of something else and comes back to keep arguing." I laughed, because she would. ~o0o~ Pulling into the garage, I smiled in anticipation. My girl's car was parked on the other side of mine, which meant she was here—waiting for me. I stopped in the mudroom, shedding my clothes and stepping in the shower, ridding myself of the dust and dirt of the day. The hot water pounding against my aching back felt great, but I kept it short; anxious to see her. Wrapping a towel around my waist, I grabbed another one and ran it through my hair as I made my way down the hall to my bedroom, pushing open the door. She was curled up on my bed; her dark hair spread out on the pillow, smiling that smile—the one only I ever saw. Filled with warmth, light and love. Love for me. The towel dropped and I slid into bed, pulling her to me. "God, I missed you. I hate it when you go away." "I hate it, too," she whispered. "Tell him no next time," I murmured against her lips. "I can't." "I know." Fisting my hands in her thick hair, I brought her sweet mouth to mine. Our breath mingled, lips ghosting together. Her velvet tongue touched mine, and I was lost. With a deep groan, I crushed her chest to me and kissed her deep. Hard. Our tongues met, stroking and delving, wet and wanting. She clutched my shoulders as I clasped her tight, my need for her overwhelming and strident. My body hummed with arousal, the feeling of her soft curves molding to my hard planes was perfection. She was made to fit beside me. She belonged right here. I hovered over her, staring into her dark eyes, caught in the emotions they reflected back at me. "I need you," I rasped. "Have me," she moaned, wrapping her legs around my hips, guiding me to her heat. I thrust forward, hissing at the sensation of being joined with her again. Every time was like the first time. Every time I was overcome with the feeling of coming home. I moved within her, groaning her name against her skin as I ran open-mouthed, wet kisses on her neck, burying my face into her hair and breathing her in. The intense pleasure of her mouth against my skin, the press of her body on mine and the heat of her surrounding my cock was too much. I came forcefully as she gasped and shuddered around me, her muscles clamping down, milking my orgasm as I shouted and slammed into her as deep as I could. Her arms wound around me, pulling me to her chest. Gentle, long strokes of her fingers in my hair caused a long, contented sigh to escape my mouth. "You were a sight for sore eyes today." "I missed you so much, I caught an earlier flight. When Dad said he was going to see you I almost ripped the keys out of his hand," she admitted. "I couldn't wait another minute—even if I had to act pissy." I grinned against her neck, nipping the soft skin sharply. "You do it well, sweet girl. I almost bought your act." "It was hard. All I wanted to do was fling myself into your arms." "You're here now." "Why didn't you answer my calls?" I sighed. "I wanted to—but I was surrounded the whole day. I thought you were still gone and I missed you so fucking much I was sure anyone hearing me talk to you would know. I was going to call you back as soon as I was free." "So you weren't ignoring me?" "I could never ignore you, sweet girl. Ever." "Good." I chuckled as I kissed her head. "Nice try getting my phone away from me, though. After what you did to it last time, I am not falling for that again." "I thought you liked the ringtones." "Barry White? I don't think so. Never mind the pictures you put on it. Christ, I had a raging hard-on every time I looked at my screen." I paused. "The 'reminders' popping up didn't help either." 7pm—Lick my girl's pussy 'til she screams. 8pm—Take my girl hard. She smirked. "It worked, though. You didn't forget." "I could never forget needing to fuck you." I growled, knowing it would make her giggle. She didn't disappoint, her breathy little sounds filling the room. Then a large exhale of air left her mouth. "What was that sound for?" "I hate acting angry at you all the time. I feel like I'm two different people." "I know. It's the only way we can be together—at least for now." I nuzzled her head. "We'll figure this out." Her voice was soft. "Promise?" "Yes." I tightened my grip. "How was your mother?" She groaned. "Worse than ever. This house needs to be done—and soon." I chuckled. When Charlie's ex-wife decided to fully renovate her house, she insisted Charlie make the arrangements for her, even though she lived halfway across the country. Still unable to deny her anything, he did as requested, but she was a horrible client, constantly changing her mind, causing everyone grief. Renee's phone calls were endless, and being the coward Charlie was, he sent Bella to deal with the problems when they couldn't be fixed over the phone. "You