Donated earlier this year, now I can share. Two chapters. Enjoy! *()* EPOV "Fuck. Seriously Emmett?" He didn't even look up from his phone. "As a heart attack," he murmured. I sighed. I hated these things. "Can I decline?" "No." "Phone interview?" "No." "How about Skype? It's almost like I'm in the room!" "No. I promised them a face-to-face interview and that is what they are getting. I gave my word. You're gonna live up to it. We're here in New York; your first day on set isn't until Monday so you have lots of time." "Why?" He glanced up briefly. "It's an honor, Edward." I snorted. "Which one is it again?" "Faces. You were named Most Interesting Celebrity and Sexiest Male Face. A double win." "Yep. Sorry I forgot. I worked my ass off to portray a character properly so that I get the honor of being named the Most Interesting Celebrity and the Sexiest Male Face at the same time. Fucking excellent." Emmett shrugged, not in the least bothered by my annoyance. "I can think of hundreds of men who would think so." Then he looked at me. "It's one interview. One afternoon. Suck it up." His stare was serious. "And no walking out on this one. Just answer the questions." "I walked out because she kept touching me, Emmett. You know I hate that. She was invading my personal space. Big time." Emmett snorted, but stayed silent. I tried again. "I don't want to suck it up." "Too bad. Maybe if you weren't so cheap and hired a PR person we wouldn't have this issue." I lifted my head off the couch. "So if I hire a PR person right now I don't have to do this interview?" I felt around in my pockets. "Where's my phone? You got a number?" He chuckled. "Oh, you still have to do this, but they'd have to listen to your whining, not me. " My head fell back on the sofa in defeat. "Who's doing the interview?" "Alice Whitlock." I sighed, feeling slightly mollified. Faces was one of the largest selling, most respectable publications out there. The magazine was actually a good one and they never resorted to printing gossip or pap pictures. Their entertainment section was well-done and the rest of magazine had some interesting articles in it. I actually read it frequently. The yearly polls still made me grimace somewhat, but Alice had interviewed me before, and although still too enthusiastic, she was at least was polite, intelligent and her questions somewhat interesting to answer. I knew she would throw in some stock questions but she would also come up with some good ones for me to ponder. And she respected my personal space. I looked over at Emmett. "I guess that explains the promise." Emmett was very fond of Alice. As well as the editor-in-chief, Rosalie Hale. Very fond. A fact which they both used to their advantage. And to be honest, Emmett used to his as well sometimes. For the first time since we started talking, I saw a smile tug on his lips. "Sue me." I leaned back grinning now. "Keep whoring me out so you can score brownie points with Rose and I might." He snorted. "The readers voted you in, Edward. Not Rose." I rolled my eyes, but stayed silent. I knew he was right. As much as I hated many aspects of my fame, I'd be nowhere without the people who voted and read everything they could about me. I ignored the small voice inside my head that whispered maybe nowhere would be better at times. *()* BPOV A thick file landed on my desk and I looked up startled. "What's this?" Rose stood beside me, a hand on her hip and an unhappy look on her face. "Your next assignment." I frowned. "I'm working on my next assignment, Rose. I'm doing a piece on the high cost of tuition and how it is affecting the average student. Remember? I've been talking to kids all over the country about how working three jobs, going to school and still coming out of University owing hundreds of thousands of dollars, is working for them. Ring a bell?" She shook her head. "It's on hiatus." "Since when?" She ignored my question. "Where is your cellphone, Bella?" "I, ah … I was having an argument with my mom while I was doing the dishes last night and I sort of dropped it in the water. So it's in a bowl of rice. I heard that sometimes works, right?" Rose shook her head. "That's your third one. What about your desk phone?" "I unplugged my desk phone. My mom kept trying to call and continue the argument." I huffed in annoyance. "Now, why is my story on hiatus, and since when did I get a new assignment?" "Since your friend Alice went into early labour a couple hours ago." I jumped up from my chair. "What? Alice is in labour? She's a month early!" Rose sighed. "Jasper's been trying to get hold of you. He's still stuck in Germany. I got the messages when I came out of my meeting a short time ago." "I have to go!" She picked up the file and handed it to me. "Read this on the way and while you're waiting. You need to go in prepared." "Prepared for what? What am I doing?" "Interviewing Edward Cullen." "Edward who?" Rose rolled her eyes. "Seriously, Bella. Edward freaking Cullen. He's an actor. Very well-known. At least in the world I live in. He was voted Most Interesting Celebrity and Sexiest Male Face. The two biggest polls in the Faces' Entertainment section." I blanched. "You want me to interview him, Rose?" I shook my head. "I don't … interview people … like that. I investigate. I talk. I write. I don't … chat. I'd have no idea what to ask him." I pushed the file back toward her. "Give it to someone else." "Nope. Alice insisted it be you. She has notes. You can ask her a couple questions and use her ideas. It's not up for debate. Now go." "When is this interview?" "Tomorrow, two o'clock at the Regis Hotel. I'll have the details in the morning." I sighed. "Great." She shook her head. "There are many women who would kill for this assignment." I tried pleading with her. "Send one of them in, then. I don't know anything about him. Nothing." She smirked and started walking away. In desperation I called out one last time. "I have no idea who he is!" Her grin was wicked when she looked back. "Google him!" *()* I blinked my heavy eyes as I sat behind the wheel of my car. The rest of my day and most of my night had been spent with Alice, holding her hand and being her coach until Jasper arrived. Luckily, he had made it in time and had been there when their daughter was born in the early hours of the morning. Then I had hit the computer and started my research on Edward Cullen, not even taking the time to eat something. I glanced over at the thick file on the passenger seat. Google him , Rose said. Did she have any freaking idea how many hundreds of websites, blogs, Facebook pages and YouTube videos there were dedicated to this man? How many thousands and thousands of pictures there were of him? It was overwhelming. I did my best, using Alice's notes and some digging, to try and get a sense of him in my head before I walked into the room. For some reason, Alice was reluctant to talk about him much; simply saying I needed to really listen, just be myself and all would be fine. I didn't really believe her, thinking the pain from her prolonged labor had scrambled her head. I had a feeling I was going to blow this interview. I didn't have a good understanding of Edward Cullen. All his interviews were the same. They asked the same questions and were far more focused on his appearance and trying to trick him into revealing something about his personal life, rather than asking him any real questions. In an effort to 'get to know him' I even downloaded some of his movie clips and watched them. I had to admit I was impressed; he was very talented, always bringing some unique trait to the characters he portrayed. He was also very good-looking. I poured over interviews and snippets of people he had worked with and I could find very little negative about him. His co-stars never had anything but praise about his work ethic or how professional he acted on set, also saying Edward was an all-around nice guy. Deeper digging gave me a little insight into some very little publicized charity work. Not big organizations, but ones seemingly close to his heart. There was no doubt he was very reserved, always refusing to discuss his private life or his family. The list of subjects I could ask him about was very specific. I had also heard stories he was very picky when it came to being interviewed and he had been known to walk out if he wasn't happy with how one was going. Given my limited interviewing skills that fact made me nervous. I didn't want to blow this for Alice. I sighed picking up the folder, a picture falling out of it, and I bent down and picked it up, studying his face. He was usually very serious in most of his pictures, almost brooding. The ones of him smiling were quite rare. But when it was captured, I had to admit he was gorgeous. Everything about him. His wild, coppery hair, his intense, green eyes, his sharp jaw, all added up to a very nice package. Which I had to go face now, with no sleep, no food, very little insight and abysmal interviewing skills. This should go well. Really freaking well. *()* EPOV "What do you mean a substitute?" I narrowed my eyes at Emmett. He shrugged. "Alice went into early labor. Rose says the woman they are sending was handpicked by her." "I hope the interview is better than the photo shoot. That was embarrassing." Emmett chuckled. "They needed some shots for the sexy part, Edward. They got some good, serious ones for the interesting caption." I quirked my eyebrow at him. "Will they get used?" He clapped me on the shoulder. "We'll see. I did ask Rose if we could see the article prior to print. I'll pick up the key at the desk and then we can go and meet this Isabella Swan." I waited by the elevators, frowning. The name was familiar, but I couldn't place it. Maybe she had interviewed me before. God, I hoped she wasn't some young, overzealous fan girl or even worse one of the older women who wanted to take me home and look after me. Sometimes I wasn't sure what was worse. I hated the fawning and the touching. Emmett approached me, his phone ringing. He frowned as he looked at it. "Shit, Edward, I have to take this. I've been waiting for this call all day. You okay to go up yourself?" He extended his hand with a room card. "I have another key—I'll be up in like ten minutes. She might not even be ready or here yet—we're actually early." I hesitated and he shook his head. "Wait for me if you want." I grabbed the key from his hand. "I think I can handle an interview for ten minutes without you, Em." He grinned, slapping me on the shoulder. "I gave them the lists of what topics you'd talk about. They know to stay away from your personal life. If there is anything else, you know the standard lines to use until I get there." Turning, he walked away, already talking on his phone.