A/N This was a piece I donated to the Fandom against Homeless. A one-shot – Chef Edward meets his match with a guest who prefers fast food over his cuisine. Can he teach her differently? What can she teach him? I have nothing against McDonald's. I like their cheeseburgers. Preread by Liz and betaed by Midnight Cougar. "Bella, is that all you're going to eat?" Alice scolded. "You hardly touched your meal." I looked down at my plate and shrugged sheepishly. "It's not really my kind of food, Alice. It's kind of…stuffy." I heard a muffled gasp behind me and saw our waiter hovering behind us. "Is the meal not to your satisfaction, Madame?" I shook my head and forced a smile to my face. "Oh no, it was…um…passable, I mean, tasty. I'm just…full… yes, that's it, I'm full." His expression told me he knew I was lying through my teeth. "I shall arrange for it to be packaged up for you." "Oh no, I don't want it. I won't eat it." His hand froze, leaving the plate hanging in midair. "Are you sure I can't offer you something else?" "No, thank you." He turned to Alice, who smiled and informed him the dinner had been spectacular and that, yes; we wanted two of the special Amaretto Crème Brule's and coffee. His answering smile was warm and then he left the table looking happier than he had been dealing with me. Alice shook her head. "I can't believe Jasper got called out of town and I had to bring you here, of all places, on my anniversary." I frowned at her. "I still don't understand why you just didn't cancel?" "Bella, Bella, Bella. Don't you read the paper? Keep up with the local news?" I chuckled. "Rather busy here, Alice. Between school, midterms and two jobs, I barely have time to sleep, never mind read the paper. What does that have to do with this place anyway?" She sighed. "This place, as you so charmingly call it, is booked solid for the next six months. Jasper had to call in a personal favor to get us in here. Creations is the hottest restaurant in town, and so unique. The head chef and owner is brilliant. Jasper went to school with him, years ago and they are still friends. He arranged this for us." "Oh." I looked around. It was lovely, I had to admit, as far as fancy restaurants go; warm and inviting without being pretentious. And the menu had been different. There was only four set items to choose from and the rest changed daily. Whatever was local and fresh is what was featured. Admittedly, this was the kind of place I usually avoided like the plague. My idea of dinner out usually consisted of something that came in a box or plastic container that I could eat while running from one of my jobs to school or the library. It was rare when I actually sat down for a meal. I took in all the people enjoying their dinners and the warm ambience. I looked across at Alice, noticing how comfortable she was in this gracious setting and once again I looked down at my simple blue dress and sighed. I didn't belong in a place like this. And the food was simply lost on me. "Excuse me." I started at the sudden appearance of a tall, dark haired man in an immaculate white chef's coat standing beside our table. "Edward!" Alice smiled and held out her hand. I watched as his long fingers encompassed her tiny ones and he bent down and brushed a light kiss cheek on her cheek. "Alice," he murmured. "Lovely to see you again. Happy Anniversary." He glanced my way frowning. "Where is Jasper?" Alice spoke up. "This is my dear friend, Bella. Jasper was called away this afternoon on an emergency and she agreed to have dinner with me tonight in his place. I didn't want to give up the chance to come here." He held out his hand. "Bella." Wordlessly, I placed my hand in his, feeling the warmth of his fingers as they squeezed mine. He seemed to freeze for a moment before squeezing my fingers again and withdrawing his hand. He turned to Alice. "Perhaps it was a good night for him not to dine here. I understand your meal was not satisfactory?" She shook her head quickly. "No, Edward, it was divine." His brow furrowed. "Your plate came back virtually untouched." I spoke up. "Um, that was mine." His eyes snapped back to me, his vivid blue gaze holding my own. "You didn't enjoy your dinner, Bella?" "No, it was…fine. Really." His eyebrow arched at me, his voice low. I felt myself shrink into my seat under his direct gaze. " Fine ? I believe Carlisle said you described it as passable. I cannot accept that something that came from my kitchen was simply passable . Allow me to make something else for you." I could feel Alice's glare across the table. "I used the wrong word. Really, it was great. Really...really …great." His expression turned to utter disbelief and he leaned down closer to me. "So great you didn't even wish to take it home with you?" I swallowed loudly, my throat suddenly dry. "I don't have a fridge to keep it fresh," I whispered, sheepishly. He stood up, his eyes locked on me. "Let me prepare you something else. I insist." He drew in a deep breath. "Please, allow me to do that." I shook my head. "I had a late lunch. Really, I'm fine." "Edward." He turned to Alice. "She never eats very much," she assured him quietly. "She meant no disrespect. The meals were amazing. Truly." He stood silently for a minute, his hands clenched, his brow furrowed and then nodded. "As you wish. Enjoy your dessert, ladies. I hope it proves to be more than passable ." Abruptly, he turned and quickly walked away towards the kitchen. I watched as he stopped and said something to our waiter, before disappearing through the kitchen door. I turned to Alice. "Wow. He is intense. He and Jasper are friends?" I found that hard to believe. Jasper was the most laid-back person I had ever met. She nodded. "They went to high school and University together. When Edward left to go to culinary school they still stayed in touch. Jasper was thrilled when he decided to move back and open this restaurant." We were quiet as Carlisle placed our dessert and coffee in front of us. When he left, I leaned forward. "I didn't mean to insult him or his food, Alice. Really, I didn't." She smiled. "I know that. Edward is very intense. He has very high standards and is incredibly picky about his restaurant. Which is why it has been such a success I think." She chuckled. "I doubt many plates get sent back uneaten." She mock glared at me. "Did you eat at McDonald's again today?" I nodded. "I had just ordered when you called." She gaped at me. "And you still ate it? Knowing we were coming here?" I shrugged. "I know what I'm getting at McDonald's Alice. I wasn't sure about this place." She chuckled as she stirred the cream into her coffee. "Good thing Edward didn't know that little fact. The fact that you would eat at Rotten Ronnie's and barely touch his cuisine might send him over the edge. I pity the chefs in the kitchen if that happened." I made a horrified face at her and then grinned. "Our little secret then." She nodded. "Eat your dessert please, Bella. I don't think I could take another visit from the kitchen." I nodded. The way Edward Cullen looked at me? I didn't want another visit either. *()* I watched Alice drive away and sighed, grateful dinner was over. No bill had been offered at the end and Carlisle refused any sort of tip, saying the meal in its entirety had been looked after by Chef Cullen, with his compliments. I shook my head as I made my way to my car where I had parked at the edge of the lot. No doubt he was just anxious to get the troublemaker out of his restaurant. I hoped I hadn't caused a problem for Jasper with his friend. "So you find my cuisine stuffy, do you, Bella?" I gasped and wheeled around to find Edward Cullen leaning against the hood of a car, his chef jacket hanging loosely from his shoulders, smoking a cigar and looking rather angry. I swallowed the sudden lump in my throat. Alice and I had one of the last reservations of the night and we had lingered over dessert, so the lot was now fairly empty and I was alone with Edward. "Do you wait for all your customers in the parking lot?" I managed to gasp out. He shook his head. "Only the dissatisfied ones. So, you, Bella, would be the first." "I apologize, Mr. Cullen. Obviously I have insulted you and that was not my intention." "Chef." "Pardon me?" "At my restaurant, I am addressed as Chef Cullen." I bit my lip. He was angry. He was a friend of Jasper's, who was very dear to me, so I needed to fix this. I drew in a deep breath and used the politest tone I could muster. "Chef Cullen, I apologize." I smiled apologetically. "I'm a simple girl. Your food is wonderful, I'm sure, but it's just lost on someone like me." He pushed off the car and stepped towards me. "Someone like you? I don't understand." I shrugged and waved my hand towards the restaurant. "I never went out to dinner as a child or a teenager even. Meals in my house came from a can or a box." I chuckled. "I never learned to cook, so they still do. Food is just a necessity for me." I looked at him, the strangest feeling welling up inside me. I wanted him to know I wasn't insulting him. I didn't want him upset. "I know for someone like you, food is your life. No doubt you live it twenty-four hours a day." I shrugged again. "If it wasn't for the fact I had to eat to keep going, I wouldn't bother. It's just fuel for me." His eyes widened. "You don't like to eat?" I thought about it. "It's not that I don't like to eat, I just don't really get any enjoyment out of it. I don't think I have very good taste buds. Everything basically tastes the same to me." For a minute he was quiet. When he spoke his voice was low and without the trace of anger it had held previously. "That is a shame. You are missing so much." I shook my head. "I think that, like someone born without one of their senses, they never know to miss it. It's just the way of it for me." He stepped closer. "Food is a vital part of life, Bella, yes. But it is meant to be savored. Enjoyed. I love spending time, selecting the right ingredients, blending them together so they are perfect. Mixing, measuring , tasting as I create a dish is critical. The experience is incredible. I spend hours perfecting a recipe, making it flawless. One ingredient can change the taste, the composition of an entire dish." He paused his passionate speech and sighed quietly. "Watching people eat a meal I have cooked and seeing their reaction is…almost orgasmic at times." I blinked at him. "I wish I could feel that way about it, but I don't. I can't understand your passion," I whispered. "I'm not sure I feel that way about anything in life, to be perfectly honest." He studied me quietly. "What did you have for lunch today?" he demanded suddenly. My eyes widened. I shook my head, remembering Alice's words. "What? Tell me."