This was my entry for the mobward contest. It placed third in the public vote. Thank you for your support. If you didn't read it there, here you go - enjoy! Thank you to Midnight Cougar for her beta work as always. Disclaimer: All things Twilight belong solely to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended ~Bella~ I raced down the street, tears streaming down my cheeks. The salt stung the abrasions, but I didn't stop to wipe them away. I had to get away—as far away as possible. I stuck to the shadows, pulling my jacket around me, burying my face in my scarf. My pocket contained the only thing I had grabbed before I fled. My small wallet and the five hundred dollars I had snuck from his jacket. A busy intersection was coming up. I didn't want to take the chance, and cut down a dark alley. The exact kind a girl was warned to avoid all her life. But, at that point, it didn't matter anymore. If someone grabbed me, they couldn't do any worse than he had. If I stayed, I was dead, and I had decided I would rather die running than stay and let him finish me off. I heard shouts, and my chest tightened. I started to run faster, not caring where I was headed. I ran until I was breathless, from alley to alley until there were no sounds except my heavy breathing. Leaning against a crumbling brick wall, I tried to catch my breath and let my heart slow down. I looked around, no clue where I had ended up. I peeked around the corner at the quiet streets. The neighborhood was industrial, the buildings a mixture of rundown businesses and closed, boarded-up warehouses. I inhaled a shaky breath, pushing my hair off my face. I winced when my fingers met my forehead, and drawing them back, I saw they were wet with blood. More tears ran down my face. Unsure what to do, I began to walk, trying to gather my thoughts. I couldn't go to a hotel since a credit card would be required. He would trace it. I needed a cheap motel that would take cash and no questions. I glanced around—it was the sort of area I might find one, but it had to be soon. My legs were shaking, and my head ached. A car drove by slowly, and my panic returned. He could find me there as well. When the car stopped a few blocks ahead and sat with the engine running, my heart stuttered. There was a narrow break between the buildings, and I slipped between them. It was dark, and I used my hand to trace along the wall. I encountered a door handle and when it turned, I held my breath. The door creaked in the small passage. I could hear the car that had frightened me coming back and quickly, I slipped through the door, shutting it behind me. The air was damp and musty, mildew and dust tickling my nose. I was shrouded in darkness and eerie silence. I could hear voices outside. Fumbling, I found the lock on the door and pressed it. I held my breath as the voices came closer. The handle jiggled, the lock preventing it from opening. "Are you sure she came down here?" "I thought so. Ah, who cares, man. We can find another piece of tail." The voices drifted away and the car drove off. I shuddered, holding my aching head. They weren't looking for me specifically, but I was still grateful for the door I had found. A few moments passed, and I knew I had to make a decision. Leave the way I came in, or explore what might be a place I could sit and rest for a while, gather my strength and figure out my next move—as limited as my choices were. Cautiously, I walked forward, coming to another door. I pushed it open, entering a large room. From what I could see from the partially boarded-up windows, I was in a deserted office building. The dim light helped, and I investigated until I found a glassed-in office that contained some old furniture. I sat down at a timeworn desk. The chair was hard, cold, and damp, but it was big enough for me to curl up in. I drew up my shaking legs, wrapped my arms around my knees and rested my head. I drew in a quivering breath, the feeling of gratefulness for a deserted building and a rickety old chair overwhelming me. The tears restarted, and I let them flow. My sobs were choked and deep, and the ache in my head intensified. The blackness began to gather, and I fought it. I had a feeling if I succumbed, I wouldn't wake up. But it was useless, and gradually, the world dimmed. I swam to consciousness, my head spinning. I didn't move, but stared through the dirty glass, confused. The large room I had wandered through was lit up and a group of men stood in a circle, arguing. Their arms flung around, hands gestured, and their voices were angry. Carefully, I pushed the chair back as far as I could. The little office I was in was still dark, and I didn't think they could see me, but I wasn't taking any chances. One glass pane was missing and by craning my neck, I had a clear view of them. There were five, tall men, all in black coats. One of them towered over the rest. They moved and I saw another two people. They were sitting on the floor, beaten and bleeding tied with their backs pressed together. I shrank back, terrified. I heard the loud slam of a door, and another man strode into the room. He was tall, slender, with broad shoulders, his overcoat long and sway around him as he walked. His hair was slicked back, its color dark with gel. His face was sharp angles, his gaze intense and furious. He commanded the notice of all the men in the room. They stood taller, their shoulders back—almost at attention. He stopped, sneering at the men on the floor. A barrage of words in a language I didn't understand came from his mouth. He raged, his voice echoing in the empty room. More than once he slapped the helpless prisoners, screaming in their face. His leather gloves shone in the dim light, blood-red against black, wet and dripping. He stepped back, his face dark, evil, and twisted. He was like an avenging angel—straight from hell. He held out his hand, and one of the men placed a gun in it. He stared, cold and ruthless, then he nodded. The circle of men all drew their guns and aimed. I held my hand over my mouth, holding in my scream, knowing what I was about to witness. "Burn in hell," he spat. Gunshots rang out. The men on the floor jerked, their bodies arched and flailed, then slumped. Blood ran, crimson and thick. I couldn't control myself. I lurched forward, emptying the meager contents of my stomach. My head swam from the sudden movement. There was more cursing and rushed footsteps in my direction. "What the fuck?" A low voice growled as strong hands gripped my arms, forcing me upright. I looked up, meeting a pair of vivid green eyes. They widened then narrowed, brimming with fury. Up close his face was beautiful—the sort of beauty that easily distorted into fierce malevolence. A devil in disguise. "Who the fuck are you?" "No one," I whispered, before the world went dark. I woke to stinging on my cheeks. I was back in the chair, but it had been moved to the other side of the room. The devil stood over me, his fingers flicking at my skin. I whimpered and he hunched lower. "Awake now?" I nodded, but the movement making my head hurt. "What are you doing here? How did you get in this fucking building?" I cleared my throat. "It–it was an accident. I got scared and the door was open by the alley." "Scared of what?" "I thought someone was coming after me." He studied me. "Looks like they already did." I didn't say anything as tears leaked from the corners of my eyes. He crossed his arms, his voice furious. "You made a mistake coming here." I hung my head. "Please," I whispered, knowing it was useless. "You saw something you shouldn't have seen." "Nothing. I saw nothing," I lied. He laughed, cruel and low. "You are a lousy liar." "I won't say anything. No one will know. Please let me go." "I can't do that." The tallest man appeared in the door. "Boss? You need help?" "No. Clean up the mess. Dispose of it." The tall man stepped forward, laying a gun on the desk. I started shaking, long shudders ran down my spine and racked my body. "Please . . ." I begged, my voice faltering. "What?" "Make it fast, please. And let me shut my eyes." My voice wavered and a lone tear slipped down my cheek. "There's money in my pocket. Could you drop it at a shelter or something?" There was silence for a moment. "I don't do errands." "Maybe one of your men?" "Why would a dead woman care where her money went?" A sob burst from my chest. Without thinking, I gripped his arm, the material of his overcoat thick and soft under my fingers. "Please. I'm begging you." "Begging for your life?" "No. Begging you to show some mercy and give the money to a place that needs it. You don't need it. But it could help someone like me." I reached my hand into my pocket and pushed the roll of cash into his hand. He stared at me, his gaze moving between the cash and my other hand gripping his coat. "I don't like to be touched." I pulled my hands back. "I'm sorry." He took the cash. "Where did you get this money?" "I stole it." His eyebrow rose in question. "You stole it?" "Yes." Movement caught my eye and I watched, horrified, as the men in the other room rolled the dead bodies into large tarps. I hadn't noticed them on the floor until now. Once the bodies were moved, there would be no trace of them anymore. I wondered if they had another tarp for my body. A whimper escaped, and my shaking intensified. "Don't look at them. Look at me," he ordered. My gaze snapped back to his. "What is your name?" "It doesn't matter. No one will miss me." "I asked you your name." "Bella." "Who did this to you?" Why was he toying with me? Why didn't he just kill me? "Does it really matter?" He leaned down, his face close to mine. "You, Bella , are trying my patience. You need to learn something. If I ask a question, you answer. If I say do something, you do it. You got that?" "Y–yes," I breathed out; trying to control the shudders that made my body jerk in small spasms. "Who did this to you?" "His name is Mike." "Is Mike your husband?" I felt a flash of anger. "Why—if he was, does that give him the right?" His eyes narrowed, glittering, angry, and bright in the muted light. "No." My shoulders slumped. "No, he isn't. He was my boyfriend. He started beating me after my dad died." "When was that?" "S–six months ago," I choked out. "Did your father like this man?" I didn't understand his line of questioning, or why he cared. "No. He didn't." He rubbed his chin. "Smart man. Tell me." With a sigh, I spoke. "It's been getting worse. He always apologized and promised not to do it again. My dad got sick, and I left work to look after him. When he died, Mike insisted I