Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. First place public vote in the Twilight Cheaters Contest! Thank you, everyone, that voted. April, thank you for prereading, and Fran, thank you for taking your time to edit. Any mistakes left are my own. When Good Intentions Fail BPOV "So we took our break together. He brought me out to his van where he had the back covered with a shag rug and throw pillows—it was totally tacky, in a 70s way. But I didn't give a shit ya know. He was all over me—telling me I was the most gorgeous woman he'd ever seen. Then we did it—like twice. Ladies, I have officially turned in my V-card," Katie announced, tossing her golden mane over her shoulder, smiling smugly. "You cheated on Edward…with his cousin?" I whispered harshly, glancing up and down the school hallway. Students milled about getting books from their lockers and talking with their friends—not paying us any attention. "Oh My God, Bella, calm down will ya. It's not like he'll find out. It was only one time…well twice. What Edward doesn't know, won't hurt him." Katie rolled her eyes. "I though it was three times. That's what you told me last night," Tanya teased. She glanced at Tanya and they shared a giggle. "Katie, you have to tell Edward the truth; if you don't—I will," I threatened. She narrowed her eyes and scoffed. "And you think he'll believe you over me?" "I don't think he has any reason to doubt me." I shifted the books in my arms, I was uncomfortable with this conversation. "I think he does. After all, it's no secret that you have an unrequited thing for Edward, and he doesn't return the feelings. I mean why would he? Anyway, all I have to do is convince him you're lying because you're jealous." She bent her head closer to mine. "Don't mess with me, Bella—we're not friends. I'm only nice to you because that's what Edward wants." "Katie, Bella's not going to tell," Tanya interrupted, no longer smiling. "She better not." Katie glared harshly at me one more time before storming toward her class. "Bella, I do like you, I think you're very sweet, but you're also a little naïve. A word of advice; don't piss her off; she'll make your life miserable." Tanya gave me a sad smile before walking down the hallway. oOo I avoided lunch that day and went to the Biology classroom early. I pulled out my book to read but found myself staring at the page instead. The bell rang, and students slowly started to enter the room. The chair scraped beside me and a bag slid on to the black tabletop. " Pride and Prejudice , again? Don't you ever get tired of reading the same thing over and over?" Edward's warm, velvety voice teased me. I shook my head and didn't respond. I didn't want to blurt out in the middle of the classroom about Kate's infidelity. Edward tapped his fingers on the table and I felt him staring at me with his deep, green orbs. Out of the corner of mine, I saw him cross his arms on the tabletop and tilt his head down to try and catch my eye. "Bel-la." He sang my name. "Hmm," I responded wordlessly. Edward frowned and his eyes narrowed. "What's wrong?" "Nothing." I closed my book since Mr. Banner entered the room and pulled my notebook out of my bag. "I don't believe you." Edward shook his head. "I know when you lie. We've always told each other everything. Bella, talk to me," he pleaded. His eyes were filled with concern and he wrapped an arm around my shoulders. "Umm..." I paused, I had to tell him. My loyalty should be with him, not Katie. "Can I come over later, and we can talk then?" "Yeah, of course. I have practice until six, you can come any time after that. Or if it's that important, I can skip practice, I'll tell Coach it's an emergency," he agreed readily. "No, go to practice that should come first, Homecoming is this weekend." I shook my head. "Bella, you're more important than a football game. Just say the word," Edward stated firmly. He reached over and tugged on a strand of my hair. "It can wait until then." I pulled away from his touch with reluctance. oOo I arrived at the Cullen house before Edward. His mother, Esme, welcomed me warmly and told me to go right up to his room. I sat on his bed and waited quietly. I dragged my foot in his rug making small circles then smoothed them out, trying to relax my nerves. I contemplated how to break the news. Edward always knew the right things to say, making me feel better when I was depressed. I hated that I'd have to crush his heart. But it was obvious that Katie wasn't going to say anything. I heard his footsteps on the stairs and he came into his room looking tired but also as if something was bothering him. He dropped his bag by his closet and sat backward in his computer chair with his muscular arms resting on the back. "How was practice?" I broke the ice. "Long." He sighed. "What's going on, Bella?" "I have something to tell you. It may not be my place, but you deserve to know. Katie is cheating on you with Garrett," I told him before I lost my nerve. He was silent and stared at the rug. He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. He finally looked me in the eyes. "Bella, is it true that you have a crush on me?" "What?" My heart dropped into my stomach. Katie apparently had talked to him first and she filled him with her lies. "Is it true that you like me more than a friend? Katie told me that you did and she thought you would cause trouble between us. I didn't believe her but…" "I'm not lying to you, Edward. I wouldn't lie to you about something like this." I stood up and started pacing. How could he believe her over me? I didn't think it was possible. "You're avoiding my question, though," he spat angrily, his green eyes flashing. "Fine. Yes. I do. I'm in love with you. Happy?" I turned and faced him, and struggled not let tears come to my eyes. "Bella...I don't." He pinched the bridge of his nose. His silence confirmed everything I already knew. He kept watching me and all I saw was pity. My chest heaved in utter humiliation that I had exposed the feelings I kept hidden. Tears pricked my eyes and I blinked rapidly, hoping he wouldn't notice. "I know you don't feel the same—I've kept my mouth shut so I wouldn't lose you as a friend." I crossed my arms in front of me to protect myself. "Then why are you telling me my girlfriend is cheating on me with my cousin, of all people?" Edward gripped his chair. "Because it's the truth," I insisted. "Don't you believe me? You said earlier you knew when I was lying." Edward hesitated, looking uncertain. "I thought I did. But jealousy can make people irrational." "Fine, believe what you want. However, I'd never lie or make up something like this to get your attention. I told you because I didn't want to see you hurt. And I'm not going to stay here and become the bad guy." I stormed out of his room. oOo I arrived home angry that he would believe Katie over me. I wished I could prove to him that I was speaking the truth. In the past, my word had always been enough. I knocked on my twin brother's door and waited. "Come in," he grumbled. Jasper's room was dark and the only light came from his computer screen that lit up his face. He was concentrating on something and tapping away on the keyboard. I stepped around clothes, books, and magazines on the floor. I sat on the edge of his unmade bed and kicked a sock out my way. "What's wrong with you" He glanced at me for half-second before returning to his game. "Katie was bragging that she was cheating on Edward with his cousin. So I went to tell him and he doesn't seem to believe me. Katie told him I was lying out of jealousy." I fumed. "Well, perhaps his nose was stuck too far in the air. I don't see how you can still be friends with him, he's become an arrogant prick." Jasper scoffed. "That's a terrible thing to say about a friend," I admonished. "In case you haven't noticed—Edward and I aren't in the same circle anymore. He dumped me when he made Varsity as a 're the only friend he's kept from the old days," Jasper answered bitterly. "Besides, Garrett isn't the first guy Katie's cheated on Edward with." "You knew and didn't tell him. So what, this is revenge?" I accused him. Jasper looked up from his computer to cast me an irritated glance. I held his glare and returned one of my own. He grimaced and shrugged apologetically. "No, of course not. I didn't think he would believe me," Jasper grumbled. "I wish I had proof." I sighed. Jasper's fingers paused on the keyboard and he rubbed his temple in frustration. "The parking lot at the Pizzaria has cameras, what if I talk to Emmett, who's the manager there, and see if he'll allow me access to the tapes." "You'd do that for him?" I brightened. "I would do that for you, not him," he declared. "Thank you." I stood up and bent down to kiss his cheek. "Yeah, yeah," he grumbled but smiled. oOo The next day, Edward wasn't in school which was suspicious since he was never sick. I spent the day avoiding Katie, which wasn't too hard since we had no classes together. While at lunch, I received a text from Edward asking me to bring him a book from his locker and that he wanted to talk to with me. His house was quiet when I arrived. His little sister, Alice, was at a meeting for the Homecoming dance and his parents were at work. I went straight to his room and found him stretched out on his bed with one arm across his face. I knocked lightly and entered, leaving the door slightly ajar per his parents' wishes. "Hey, are you okay?" I dropped his math textbook on his desk. "Just peachy. Are you still mad at me?" He removed his arm and sat up against the headboard. He looked pale, tired, and also sad. "I wasn't mad. I was hurt that you didn't believe me." I swung his chair back and forth absentmindedly. "I'm sorry—I should've without a second thought." He ran his hand through his hair making his already chaotic mess even messier. "Come here." He patted a spot next to him on the bed. I sat on the edge; however, he frowned, then hooked my waist with his arm and dragged me next to him. He left his arm around me and laid his head on top of mine. His nose buried in my hair and he breathed in deeply. "Flowers," he mumbled. "You're right. After you ran out of here, I went to confront Katie, hoping to catch her on break. I caught her all right," he stated bitterly. "I'm sorry that she hurt you." I rested my head against his chest. His arms tightened around me and he rocked us. "Thank you for caring enough to tell me. I know it wasn't an easy thing for you." His lips brushed the side of my head, which wasn't a usual thing for him to do. He has often kissed the top of my head and it always