Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Gabby and April, thank you for prereading, and Fran, thank you for taking your time to edit. Any mistakes left are my own. These are the Days As the years pass, spring-cleaning seems to take longer and longer. As I ran the dust cloth over the frames on the mantle, I placed the rag down and gazed at the pictures that stood side by side looking similar yet so different. The casual observer would only see two groups of friends, but my eyes saw so much more. Spring 10 years ago…. " These are the days." My friends, Alice and Rose, danced and sang into hairbrushes along with Natalie Merchant, on Alice's bed. We were celebrating our last midterm before we left for spring break. The two of them were already drunk, and I was on my way. " These are days you'll remember… Never before and never since ." They burst into giggles when both of them had thrust their 'mics' at each other simultaneously. They collapsed on the bed with a bounce. "Take it, Bella." Rose tossed her brush at me, missing by a mile; it hit the wall with a thud. "I'm not drunk enough for that." I shook my head and laughed. "Besides, after that performance, how can I compete?" "Thank you, thank you." Alice sprung to her feet and theatrically bowed. There was a knock on the door and we all froze for a minute. "Do you think we're too loud?" Rose sat up straight. "We have to get out of these dorms and get an apartment next year." "Maybe it's Kate; she should be here by now." I got to my feet and made my way to the door. I opened it cautiously and then let out a breath. "It's just Kate." "Just Kate? Ouch. I'll take my stuff and go elsewhere." She pouted, but her gray eyes danced with amusement. "Get in here." I grabbed her arm to pull her inside. "We thought we were too loud." I peeked outside before shutting the door and turned to help her carry the wine coolers. "You were. I caught Liam before he got here to write you up. Let's just say, he won't be bothering us for the rest of the night." She smirked and licked her lips. She grabbed a Mike's Hard Lemonade and twisted off the top. She slung it back, downing about a third of it in one shot. "You and Liam? Details," Alice squealed. "Nope. I don't"—she winked—"and tell. But have you ever noticed how big his shoes are? A girl will never complain. I certainly won't." She giggled and flopped into a blow-up chair. We all laughed with her. Our R.A. was a bit uptight, but he was good-looking and had a thing for Kate. Where's Angela?" Kate looked around the room. "She dumped us for a date with Ben," Alice said his name in a singsong voice. "Let's take a picture and send it to her so she knows what she's missing." Rose sat up on the bed. "Great idea; where's my phone?" Ali glanced around our room in her search. "Here use mine." I pulled it from my pocket and handed it to Alice. "Okay, everyone get together on the bed and do a silly pose," Alice ordered as she set the timer and leaned it against a textbook. We huddled close together and made goofy faces. "Perfect." Alice looked at the picture. "Shoot, I forgot that Angela has a new number and I don't have it yet. Does anyone know it?" I asked. Alice stared at the phone in her hand for a moment. "I do." She tapped at the screen. "Now we wait." Alice handed the phone back and grabbed a punch-flavored wine cooler. About ten minutes later, my phone buzzed. I glanced at it expecting Angela had responded to us. I looked at the screen and my eyes widened. Looking back at me were four guys mirroring our poses. My eyes were drawn to the left side of the screen; vibrant green eyes and the most unique color hair captured my attention. "Alice, I think you sent our picture to the wrong number." My cheeks flamed in embarrassment. "I did?" Alice looked up in surprise. "Whoopsie." She started laughing. "Whoever these guys are, they've sent us a picture back." I turned the screen so they could see. "Wow, that guy in the center is cute." Rose grabbed the phone from me. "That blond isn't too bad looking." Alice looked over her shoulder. "I would totally do that one." Kate pointed at the last guy. A playful smile spread across her face. "Text them back," Kate encouraged looking eager. Rose handed me my phone back and nodded. "What? No! I can't do that, what would I say?" I looked back at the screen and shook my head as the green eyes dazzled me. "Start by saying; 'sorry, wrong phone number'. It'd be true unless you want them to think you meant to send it." Alice smiled mischievously. "Okay," I agreed. Sorry about that. Wrong number. That's a shame. I was hoping it was my lucky day :( Why would it be your lucky day? He'd piqued my curiosity. Well, I guess that would depend on which one you are. I bit my lip and pondered whether I should respond. What the hell—it wasn't as if he'd be able to find me. I'm the brunette in the blue shirt. Then this is my lucky day. You're very beautiful. I felt the blush rise to my cheeks. Thank you. Which one are you? It is only fair since you know who I am. I'm the one in the bottom left-hand of the picture. I grinned when I realized this must be my lucky day too. What's your name? My name is Bella. Yours? Edward. What can you tell me about yourself? I hesitated briefly, remembering that I was talking to a stranger. I'm a college student. 21. I want to be a kindergarten teacher. Now you. I'm in the Marines. 24. I'll be shipped overseas soon. Thank you for serving. Where are you being sent? I don't know yet. I'll pray for your safe return. Thank you, Bella. "Bella, what are you doing?" Rose waved her hand in front of my face, drawing my attention. When I looked up, she had a huge grin stretched across her lips. "Nothing." I let my phone drop to my lap. "Are you sexting?" Kate reached over and snagged it from me. "It looks like our shy Bella is flirting with a guy she doesn't know via text messages." "No way." Rose grabbed the phone. She wiggled her eyebrows and smirked. "Bella Swan, who knew you had it in you." "I'm not flirting, just texting," I defended myself and squirmed in my seat. "He called you beautiful. Just be careful, you shouldn't have given him your real name." Rose suddenly looked concerned. "I'm sure he's harmless. For all he knows Bella is a fake name." Alice shrugged. "Are you going to keep talking to him?" "I don't know. Rose is probably right. This is a bad idea." I stuffed the phone into my pocket. Days Two days later, I found myself on a boat off the coast of Brazil. Alice's parents owned a time-share on a private island, and that's where we decided to spend Spring Break. We wanted the hot weather and nice sandy beaches, but we wanted to skip the crazy locations our fellow students flocked to each year. Over the last few days, I had texted back and forth with Edward a few times. I didn't tell the girls since I didn't want to get razzed by them. But I soon found myself crushing on a guy that I barely knew. Rose declared herself the driver as soon as we were aboard with Alice navigating. Kate was stretched out next to me already in a hot pink bikini soaking up the sun. "There it is. Welcome, girls, to Isle de la Esmeralda." Alice stood up and point to the island on the horizon. The view was hazy at first. However, as we got closer, the green of the trees and the white sand became clearer. "It's beautiful, Ali," I commented loudly to be heard over the wind. "The only things missing are boys." Kate sighed then began to pout. "I thought the whole idea of this was to avoid the crowd beaches with drunken boys." I rolled my eyes. "Well, of course, I don't want to compete with some skank over a drunken frat boy. But still, a week without sex. I'm not sure if I can do it." Kate sounded completely serious. "You can't go a week without sex?" I scoffed. "We can't all be prudes like you, Bella," she teased. "Better a prude than a slut, Katie," I retorted. Her mouth dropped open in shock. "Did you just call me a slut? I guess Rose and I are rubbing off on you." She threw her head back and laughed—not offended at all. Rose cut the engine as we approached the dock and pulled next another speed boat. "Whose is that?" Alice looked surprised. "What do you mean, whose is that, don't you know?" Rose frowned. "We're supposed to be the only ones out here." Alice looked up at the house. "Oh, no. It can't be." Can't be who?" I started to get nervous. "Boys!" Kate squealed, jumping to her feet, waving her hands in the air. "This island is perfect after all." Up the hill from the dock, on the deck of the house where we were to be staying, I could make out four shirtless boys—staring in our direction. A few of them waved back at Kate's overeagerness. "Kate, stop that. They're strangers," I hissed and grabbed her arm. "Um…guys I need to confess something. Please, don't hate me. I swear I probably wouldn't have done it if I wasn't drunk," Alice explained to all of us but looked directly at me. "What. Did. You. Do?" Rose raised an eyebrow, her hand on the ignition ready to start the boat again. "Well, the good news is that they're not strangers. Well, not all of them. That's my cousin Teddy and his friends," Alice babbled. Alice only babbled when she was guilty of something. "Wait, the same Teddy you keep saying would be perfect for me?" I asked incredulously. "About that…funny thing. You know how the other night we meant to send a picture to Angela, and you thought we sent it to some random guy?" Alice wrung her hands and glanced down to her feet. "Teddy is Edward isn't he," I concluded—as the missing pieces connected in my head. "Those are the guys from the picture?" Kate perked up and adjusted her boobs in her top. "Am I straight?" "Yes." Rose shook her head then turned to Alice. "Why are they here? Did you set this up too?" "No, I don't know why they're here, or how they even knew we would be here. It was probably just a mix-up." Alice shrugged her shoulders. "I might've said something to Edward. I mentioned through texts that we were spending spring break on an island, at a time-share." I was unsure how to feel about this. Would he have known I was talking about his cousin? I mean she was in the picture. "Well there's nothing to do about it now, here they come." Kate stepped out of the boat with a huge smile on her face. "God, can she be any more obvious." Rose rolled her eyes. But she too quickly smoothed her hair and adjusted her top. "Welcome to the island, ladies. May we help you with your luggage?" A warm, velvety voice greeted. I finally got the courage to turn in their direction. Edward was in front of the