Gabby thank you for pre-reading, and Fran, thank you for editing. Any mistakes left are my own. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Big Mac Between the fluorescent lights and the heavy smell of greasy food, I had a massive migraine. Working at the local McDonald's is the last place I wanted to be on a Friday night. However, as much as I hated this job, it was paying for me to get into college. In two weeks, I was out of this town, and I was counting down the minutes "Bella, I need you to cover the drive-thru. I need to take a piss," the manager on duty, Michael Newton, snapped as he hurried past. Or perhaps, it was my co-workers that made my head hurt. Michael was an asshole, who had it out for me since I beat him for Valedictorian. The boys in the grill area were immature and goofed off most the time. I rolled my eyes as I grabbed the headset off the stainless steel counter and placed it on my head just as a beep alerted me to a customer. "Welcome to McDonald's, may I take your order," I said with forced cheerfulness. " Ah yeah … that feels good," a voice moaned back. "Excuse me?" I replied incredulously. I was met with laughter—and that pissed me off. It was a prankster, thinking they were the first to pull a fast one in the drive-thru lane. "That wasn't me. That was on your end; probably whoever announced to the whole parking lot that he had to take a piss." A velvety voice managed to explain through his snickers. "Shit!" I heard Mike clearly this time. There was a click, signaling that he had turned off his mic. "I'm so sorry, sir. I apologize that you had to hear that." I rubbed my temple as it throbbed. "Don't worry about it; you have nothing to be sorry for." He still sounded amused. "What can I get for you this evening?" I asked once more. "I'd love a large chocolate shake, please." "Will that be all this evening?" I refused to ever say, 'would you like fries with that?' "Yes," he confirmed. "That would be $3.80 at the second window." I rang up his order on the touchscreen. I started the shake so it would be ready by the time he got to the window. A loud roar caused me to stop mid-step and whirl back around. The most gorgeous man in a leather jacket rolled into view on a sleek, exclusive looking motorcycle. He had wild reddish-brown hair and a chiseled jaw. Then his eyes...God, his eyes…were so green, like the label on a Sprite bottle. My heart fluttered in my chest as I realized that it was the school's bad boy, Edward Cullen, at my window. And here I was looking like a ragged hot mess and smelling like fries. "Good Evening, that will be $3.80, please." I tried my best to smile. He smiled and stood up slightly as his hand dipped into the front pocket of his tight jeans. My eyes traveled with the movement and landed on a bulge that I quickly figured out was not his wallet or a large fold in his pants. I glanced up when he snickered and felt my face flame in embarrassment. His hand was stretched out and contained a five-dollar bill. He smirked and winked at me. "Sorry." I bit my lip and reached out for money. He held onto it and leaned closer. "What time do you get off, beautiful?" he purred. "Around one." I sighed. "I don't suppose I can convince you to ditch work and run off with me. I could show you a much better evening than working here." He placed a kiss on my wrist before he let go, shocking me. "As much as I would love to run away with you on your bike, I'm afraid I'll have to take a pass," I flirted back, hoping I didn't look like a fool. His offer was tempting; there had been many times I thought of just saying, 'screw it' and jumping out of that window. However, I'm sure he wasn't serious. I quickly got his change; he took it but wouldn't let go of me. His long fingers wrapped around my wrist and pulled me closer to the window. "That's a shame. I would love to show you what my bike can do," he said huskily. "Your shake, I'll be right back." I spun around, feeling flustered. Holy McGriddle, this man will be the death of me. Thankfully, the machine had a sensor to shut itself off, or the shake would've been all over the floor by now. Michael rounded the corner still adjusting his pants. He didn't seem to notice that his shirt was sticking out of his zipper like a red flag. "Bella, someone peed all over the men's room floor, I need you to go mop that up." He avoided looking at me, and my gut told me that he was that someone. Eww! Gross. Why me? He should clean up his own crap. "Newton, clean up that shit yourself. It's not her fault you're a poorly trained puppy." Edward came to my defense. Mike turned bright pink as his head whipped around. "Cullen, what are you doing here?" "He ordered." I held up the shake as I reached for a lid. "Oh no, you don't. The drive-thru is for those in vehicles only." Mike tried to snatch the cup out of my hand, but I held it from his reach. "I know I'm not the best when it comes to the auto world, but I'm pretty sure a motorcycle counts," I argued. "Bella, do as you are told, and go clean my…the mess in the men's room," Mike snapped yanking the cup out of my hand. Since the lid wasn't on, milkshake splashed down the front of his pants. Laughter broke out from both the grill area and from Edward. I clamped my lips shut to hold it in, but my shoulders betrayed me and started to wobble. "You, bitch," he screeched, flinging the cup back at me. "Hey, Mikey, maybe you should line the floor with newspaper, it looks like you missed, again," Embry yelled from the grill area, and then started to snicker at his own remark. "Good one," his friend, Quil, slapped him a high-five. "That's enough out of you two. Get to work," Mike snarled. He spun back around and pointed a stubby finger at my chest, I stepped back worried he had snapped. "Are you going to clean this up, or do I have to fire you?" he fumed. "How about, 'I quit, jackass,'" I retorted—two weeks' pay wasn't worth it. He blocked my path to the door, so I turned to the drive-thru window. Edward was still waiting on the other side. He was looking past me at Mike with his eyes burning in anger. "Your offer still open?" I asked, leaning out the window. He glanced at me and his eyes soften slightly. He held out his hand and helped me climb out the window and on the back of his bike. With one fluid motion, he kicked started the bike, and it roared to life. "That shirt is the property of McDonald's." Mike came to the window hollering. "If you leave without turning it in I'll…" "You'll what?" Edward growled, starting to rise off the bike. Mike glanced at him and paled. His mouth moved, but no sound came out. Edward snorted and shook his head. "No problem" I yanked the shirt off and threw it at Mike. Thankfully, I always wore a tank top underneath. "I'll return the pants later, along with the other uniform." Edward revved his engine and glanced at me over his shoulder. "Hold on, Ronnie." I wrapped my arms tightly around his waist as he took off out of the drive-thru and into the street, without looking for oncoming cars. Without warning, he sped up until everything around us was a blur. It felt as if we were flying. I leaned back and enjoyed the wind whipping through my hair. I don't think I've ever felt so free. We came to a stop at the vacant town beach. It was closed this time of night, and we weren't technically allowed to be here. My law-abiding, police chief father would read me the riot act for not setting a good example for the rest of the town. Suddenly everything that happened came crashing down on me. I quit my job on a whim and jumped out of the drive-thru window. Charlie was going to have a fit, once he found out; and he would with it being a small town. Oh, and one more thing; dear old Dad had forbidden me to be around guys like Edward. "Oh… Nuggets !" "What's wrong? Was I going too fast? You're not going to be sick are you?" Edward instantly became concerned. His hand cupped my face, and his thumb brushed my cheek—sending tingles through my whole body. "Your milkshake. You paid for it, and you didn't receive it. I'll pay you back, I promise," I stuttered through my apology. He gave me a strange look before he smirked. "You're worried about that? If anyone owes me anything, it would be Newton." "Thank you, for rescuing me on your metal horse." I smiled at him. "You're welcome. I would be happy to give you a ride anytime." His gaze was hypnotic, and I felt as if I was under a spell. He leaned closer, and his eyes fluttered to my lips then back to my eyes seeking permission. I tilted my head up and closed my eyes as his smooth, cool lips touched mine. The world around seemed to stop as my body went from a small tingle to a live wire. He broke the kiss and shifted his body out of an awkward twist. He leaned in to press a kiss on my neck, and I pulled back so fast, I almost fell off the bike. "Wait, I smell like burgers and fries," I complained. He smirked devilishly and wrapped his arm around my waist. "Luckily for you, that happens to be my favorite meal. Plus, I lucked out; seems to be a bit of milkshake right here." His fingers brushed the area under my ear. My eyes fluttered close as his lips hovered over my skin. I prepared myself for it, but it never came. "As delicious as you smell, I have a better idea," he whispered in my ear. "What could be better?" I felt dazed and confused. He chuckled darkly. "Come with me and find out." He climbed off his bike and tugged off his shirt. "Feel like a swim?" "Now? But there's no lifeguard." I glanced around the empty beach. "I find that to be a good thing since neither of us have swimsuits. Don't worry, Ronnie, I've been told I give excellent mouth to mouth." He winked. "The name is Bella." I narrowed my eyes. "Oh, I know. Isabella Swan, daughter of the police chief. A good girl, who was smart enough to get into Harvard." I didn't like how he said a good girl…as if it was a bad thing. I was tired of being the good girl, the one who did everything asked of her. My life was dull, and I was ready for adventure, and here he was staring me in the face. "Forget it, I should've known." Edward shook his head and grabbed his shirt. "No, let's do this." I tried to get off the motorcycle, but my shoelace was caught. I fell forward, and Edward caught me before I hit the ground, but not before I