Summary: Bella wasn't looking for love when she showed up at Alice's house that morning. She especially didn't think she would find it in a tree. A/N: A special thank you to Fran, for beta'ing this chapter for me. The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Up a Tree "Alice, what is going on? Are you okay? Is it the baby?" I slammed my car door and hurried over to one of my best friends. She was pacing in a small circle under the hot, summer sun, looking disheveled in a tank top and shorts. She had called me in a panic, begging me to come over. Despite only having a couple of hours of sleep after working the night shift, I rushed to her house. Alice already had two previous miscarriages, and now she was pregnant again. This pregnancy was close to the second trimester, and if she lost another baby, she would be beyond devastated. She grabbed my hand and pulled me towards her backyard. "We are fine; but Bella, you just have to help her." Alice pleaded with tears in her eyes. Her other hand rubbed her still flat stomach. "Help who?" I glanced around frantically. "Should we call 911?" "They won't help. But she could get hurt, maybe even die?" Alice finally came to a stop. "Who?" I wasn't seeing anyone. "Nessie," Alice sniffled. I blinked and looked across the yard again, this time for a small gray tabby cat. "I thought Nessie was an indoor cat? Did she get out?" I bent down to look under a bush. "Yes, to both questions," Alice responded now looking up towards the trees. I followed her gaze and to see Nessie curled into a ball on the branch of a red alder tree, about a good twenty feet off the ground. "How did she get up there?" I cringed. "I don't know. I think Jasper might have accidentally let her out. Now my fur baby is in a tree, and she must be so scared. Jasper won't come home to get her. He said she will either find her own way down, or he will get her when he gets home after his shift." "I thought firemen responded to calls about cats stuck in trees," I muttered. "See — he doesn't care about her. Please, help her, Bella." Alice wiped her tears from her face. "What can I do?" I was at a loss, but I had to do something to calm her down. "Climb up and get her. I would, but I know Jasper would kill me if I did it while I was pregnant." Her eyes trembled with more unshed tears. "Alice, I can't. I'm afraid of heights. What about Emmett or Rose?" "Emmett is working, and I can't get hold of Rose. Please, Bella, you are my only hope." Alice begged dramatically. "Since when are you afraid of heights?" "Since the guy, you set me up with, Embry, let's push my date off a cliff before I ask if she can swim, Call happened," I explained bitterly. Alice made it her mission in life to make sure I wasn't alone. However, all it led to was one bad date after another. "Oh…I forgot about him." She gave me a sheepish smile. "I wish I could. He ended up giving me mouth to mouth and tried to feel me up while doing it." I scoffed. "I'll make you a promise. If you rescue Nessie, then I will never ever try to set you up on a date again. That includes the guy I was telling you about the other day — even if I think you two would be perfect for one another." Alice's lower lip jutted out. "That's what you said about Mike, I do unspeakable things to puppets, Newton, and Laurent, I prefer dick, Biers." I reminded her. "Okay, so obviously I suck at the matching game. Pretty please?" Alice glanced back at Nessie with desperation written all over her face. "How am I so supposed to get her down even if I am able to climb up there?" I gave in. "Here put her in the bag. Cats love bags." Alice handed me a cloth bag with a mesh side. "Fine. If I die, you are naming that baby after me." I slung the bag over my shoulder and stepped up to the tree. "You, in the meantime, need to sit and try to calm down." "But…" I shook my head and pointed to a lawn chair. She went over and sat with a small huff. Within in seconds, her legs started jumping. I took a deep breath and pulled myself up on the first branch. I paused and took a shaky breath already feeling dizzy. "Don't look down." Alice encouraged. I started again and slowly made my way up the tree, tensing every time a branch would creak, or a gust of wind bent the branches and shook the tree. "You're doing great!" Alice called out reassuringly. When I reached the branch where Nessie was, she stood up and stretched, arching her back. Meow "Hi, Nessie, come here, sweet girl," I cooed. Thankfully, she was a gentle kitten, and I wasn't worried that she would scratch or bite me. She looked at me and blinked a few times. Meow She jumped, startling me, and I grabbed on the branch tightly with my hands. The one under my left foot snapped, and I yelped and pulled myself up quickly, and sat on the branch . My chest heaved as I tried to catch my breath. I glanced down in time to see Nessie jump the last few branches to the ground. The bag I had been holding hit the ground moments after her. "Oh, Nessie, you're all right." Alice scooped her up and hugged the kitten to herself tightly. She glanced at me, and her smile dropped. "Bella, are you okay? You're shaking like a leaf and you're looking green." I closed my eyes and shook my head. I shouldn't have looked down. I grabbed the branch tightly in my hands until my knuckles turned white. "Jazzy." It sounded as if she was on the phone, and she was using her super sweet voice — the same tone she had used to get me over here. "I have a problem." "This is a different problem. No, Nessie got out of the tree." "Yes, I know you said she would…but… umm...Bella is now stuck in the tree." Her voice sounded so small, and I could tell she was crying, again. "Tell Emmett no. I'm not going to take a picture. Jazz, she's scared of heights, and she's frozen up there." "I might have begged her to rescue Nessie." "Jasper, you and the guys have to come! She's going to fall, and she is going to die!" "Alice!" I managed to rasp. She so wasn't helping. "Sorry!" After a moment of silence, she shouted up to me. "Jasper and some of the guys are on their way. Just sit tight and don't move." "I wasn't planning on it," I muttered. "What?" Alice yelled. "I said, I demand naming rights," I yelled. "I don't know if Jasper is going to agree to that." Alice sniffled. "I'm so, so, so, sorry, Bella, please don't die." "So not helping," I muttered. I heard thesirens as they got closer. Damn, they just had to use the sirens. This was going to be all over the town within hours. I was going to be become Bella, tree girl, Swan. Doors slammed, and voices came closer. "Look at that; Bella really is in the tree." Emmett laughed loudly. "Hey, Bells, you look like an owl." "Emmett, slept with a teddy bear until he was twelve, McCarty, I swear to God,if you take any sort of pictures or videos of this — I'm going to kick your ass when I get down." I threatened. "He will do no such thing I promise. Are you okay, darlin'?" Jasper called up. "If I were okay, I would be back in my bed and not up your tree, Jasper, I just couldn't climb up my own tree when my wife asked, Whitlock." I huffed. "We will get you down as quick as possible." A voice I didn't recognize called up. However, the tenor of his voice was warm and soothing. "I don't think a ladder is going to work — too many branches. Maybe we can get her to jump?" Emmett muttered. "No, way. That's not going to happen." I shouted. "I'll climb up," Mr. New Voice said. I heard branches creak next. It felt like forever until I felt the presence of someone near me. "Bella, can you open your eyes and look at me, please?" he asked quietly. I slowly peeked out. Balanced on a branch near me was the most gorgeous man I have ever seen. His tousled, bronze hair glowed in the sunlight. His vibrant, leaf green eyes were inviting and full of concern. His T-shirt clung to his muscles, and he was wearing standard, black fireman pants with thick red suspenders. My insides fluttered, and my pulse raced. "There we go. You have beautiful brown eyes," he commented. He seemed surprised by his admission, and the tips of ears turned pink. "Thank you, your eyes are nice too; they match the leaves," I whispered then felt like an idiot. They match the leaves. Really? "I'm going to help you down okay? It will be best if you could turn so you are facing the trunk of the tree. I also have this helmet to protect that pretty, little head of yours." He held out one of their fire helmets to me. I let go slightly with one hand but felt shaky, again. I gripped the branch until my knuckles hurt. "I'm sorry. I can't." My breath became ragged and panicked. He frowned slightly but nodded. "Take a few, slow deep breaths for me. In…out…in…out." He helped me calm down enough so that I wasn't shaking. He reached over and lightly covered my hand with his own and then squeezing it gently. His touch was firm yet gentle; I felt myself start to relax again. His fingers slid over my pulse discreetly. "I want you to let go, one hand at a time, and move them around like this to get the blood flowing back into them." He showed me by rotating and flexing his hands and wrists. I followed his instruction, but I couldn't help from shaking every time I let go. He watched me with a tiny frown on his face. He leaned over and slipped the helmet on my head. "Change of plans, I'm going to carry you down." "Shouldn't I know your name first if I'm putting my life in your hands?" I asked weakly. "Forgive me, my brown-eyed girl. My name is Edward Cullen; I am a lieutenant at the fire station." He gave me a shy smile. "The little pixie did do this on purpose," I muttered. "I'm sorry; I don't understand." Edward looked confused. "Alice has been trying to set us up for a while now, I am Bella Swan," I explained. "Oh, so you're the cute, brunette, baby nurse who I just have to meet. Well, they are wrong about you." He smiled as if he had a secret. "How's that?" I asked. "You're not cute; that was an understatement. You're very beautiful — gorgeous even." He smiled. "Your flattery is going to get you nowhere, Sir." I shook my head, but a small smile formed on my lips. "We shall see. We can talk about it on the way down." He winked. He held out his hand to me. "Take my hand, my brown-eyed girl." I glance at him nervously and bit my lip. He reached over and brushed my lips with his finger, releasing my lower lip from my teeth. "Don't be nervous.