Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: My submission for the Redeye contest. Fran, thank you for taking your time to edit for me. Sunglasses at Night I wear my sunglasses at night So I can, So I can Forget my name while you collect your claim And I wear my sunglasses at night "My pops wants me to attend Yale like he did and many Newtons before him, but I'm thinking of being a rebel and going to Princeton. Spread my own wings, ya know," Michael, my date yammered. He walked ahead of me toward the restaurant. I rolled my eyes and wondered if he would even notice if I stopped following him. All Michael Newton was interested in was talking about was himself. I think the only words I've uttered so far were " Hello , and I'm ready to go now ." I was bored to death of hearing all about him. Why I agreed to go on a date with him, I'll never know. He caught me in a weak moment, and all his friends were watching. I glanced around the parking lot and spotted three motorcycles that I had seen around town. The owners were supposedly part of a local gang. There were five of them, three guys, and two girls. They often skipped school, and no matter what time of day, they always wore sunglasses. The leader, Edward Cullen, was handsome, but also appeared to be dangerous. Unlike his two friends, he always rode alone. I was drawn to him from the first time he drove by my old red truck. He had invaded my dreams every night. They were often weird dreams, that didn't seem to make sense, but at the same time, they felt so real. I found myself in front of the bikes, and I didn't even remember walking there. I ran my hand down the smooth black finish, fantasizing about riding on the back with my arms wrapped around his waist while the motor vibrated between my legs. I climbed on and just sat there enjoying the feel. "Isabella, what the hell are you doing? Don't you know whose bike that is?" Michael appeared by my side. He looked pale, and his eyes were darting around nervously. "Hey! What the fuck do you think you're doing on my bike?" a voice thundered from across the lot. Edward Cullen stormed my way and he was not happy. I froze, too afraid to move. "Shit! Look at what you've done, you idiot! Come on, he'll kill us!" He grabbed my wrist and yanked me off the bike a little too hard. "Ow!" I yelped. Michael let go of my hand quickly and stepped away from me as if I was on fire. My foot caught on the bike, and I started to fall forward. Before I face planted on the asphalt, strong arms grabbed me and hauled me back to my feet. I knew it couldn't have been Michael since the arms were clad in black leather. I looked up to see my reflection in Edward's sunglasses. "What were you doing on my bike?" he hissed. "I'm sorry…I…ummm…." I rambled unable to explain. "You can't just climb onto someone's bike. Do you see anyone trying to sit in your decrepit old truck?" the tall blonde, who was part of their gang, screeched. "Rose, shut it." Edward held his hand up to the girl. She huffed and crossed her arms. I could feel her glowering at me from behind her blue, tinted glasses. "Did he hurt you?" Edward demanded. "What?" I was surprised by his question. He grabbed my sweater and pushed up the sleeve. His pale, cool fingers grazed my skin where it was now red and slightly swollen. He bent and twisted my wrist watching for my reaction. I tried to be brave and not wince although it was throbbing. "It's probably just a bruise or maybe sprained, but you may want a doctor to look at it." He dropped my hand. "It's not broken. I've had enough injuries in the past to know," I admitted. "What kind of injuries," he demanded. "I'm just a world-class klutz." I blushed bright red, as everyone, minus Edward, laughed. I glanced around for Michael but didn't see him. His car was also gone. That little chicken shit left me here alone with the gang. "Your boyfriend left; he ran like a little pussy." A large guy with dark curly hair snickered. I wasn't sure of his real name; I've only heard him referred to as The Bear. "He isn't my boyfriend; thank God, and good riddance. He was boring and only into himself; I guess that secretly I was looking for an escape," I grumbled. "So you decided to steal my bike." Edward smirked; thankfully, he didn't look pissed anymore. "No. Not exactly, I've just seen you drive it around town and it seemed so powerful, and I wanted…" I blushed and looked away from his heated stare. "You wanted …" Edward, prompted, raising an eyebrow. "Wanted to feel what it felt like to at least sit on it," I admitted as I now blushed profusely. Edward's eyebrows had arched above his sunglasses before he started to chuckle. He then stepped around me gracefully to straddle his bike. I could feel his eyes on me as he jumped started it. The bike roared to life; the vibrations sending a shiver of desire through me. "Well… are you coming?" He gestured with his head for me to get on back. I hesitated briefly before I boldly slid on behind him. "Wrap your arms around me," he ordered without looking. He revved the engine, and it sent a tremor through my body. I clung to him tightly, and he stiffened slightly. "Wait!" A small petite girl skipped forward. "Pink or purple?" She held out two helmets. "We can't have the Chief of Police's daughter, who openly admits to being accident-prone, go without a safety helmet." Edward gave her a curt nod. "Purple is fine, thank you…" I reached out and took it from her. "Alice." She smiled. So far, she seemed like the friendliest out of the bunch. "I'm Bella." "I know." She grinned wider; it was a bit unnerving. She skipped back to the side of the blond guy she always rode with, who was watching everything with a stoic expression behind his blackened shades. "Ready?" Edward asked impatiently. I quickly put on the helmet and wrapped my arms around him again. "Don't follow us," he yelled over his shoulder. What? Why would he tell them that? Oh, god, what if he was taking me somewhere to be alone. Or maybe even kill me. "Don't fight against me. If I lean, you lean," he called over his shoulder. I gulped and buried my face into his back. What was I thinking? This is not like me at all … to be so impulsive. Charlie will kill me if he sees me on this bike. I heard his laughter over the roar of the engine. I could feel the wind whip by us as we flew down the road. "Come on, you've got to look if want the full experience," he called encouragingly. I shifted my head so my cheek lay against his back. I watched as the scenery flashed by. He slowed as we weaved around the curves of the incline. The ocean was to our right; I recognized we were at the cliffs in La Push. He turned off the main road and went to down what looked like a small path. I ducked my head to avoid some of the branches. He came to a stop by a small clearing overlooking the ocean. I still held on tightly to him. "We've stopped, Kitten." He sounded amused. "Are you all right? "I'm not sure. I think we left my heart and stomach back in the parking lot," I mumbled. He laughed even harder, and his body shook. I felt him turn slightly and rubbed a hand against my back. "I'm sorry. I should have taken it easier on you." His touch was soothing, and I felt myself relaxing. After a few minutes, I pulled back and looked at him sheepishly. His hand stopped rubbing, but he didn't remove it from my back. "Better," he asked quietly. My heart had skipped a beat before it started to race again. This time, it was different from before. There was something about this man in front of me that pulled me to him as if I was the moon, and he was my earth. "Thank you, for letting me see what this machine can do," I said smiling. "You're welcome," his voice was hypnotic, and I felt as if I was under a spell. He leaned closer, tilting his head. His lips parted, and his breath brushed my face like a whisper. I angled my head and closed my eyes as his smooth, cold lips touched mine. I felt as if I had been lit on fire by just this innocent kiss. My heart raced in my chest, sounding embarrassingly loud to my own ears. I prayed that he couldn't hear it. He pulled away; leaving me gasping for breath while he looked calm; as if nothing had happened. It took me a moment to compose myself, all the while it seemed as though he was watching carefully. However, I cannot be sure, since those stupid dark glasses covered his eyes. "Why are you wearing sunglasses at night? Are you a Corey Hart fan or something?" I asked. "Who the hell is Corey Hart?" he growled, looking almost murderous. "Sorry... He is a singer from the 80s. Renée...my mom, she listened to that music all the time. One of his songs is about wearing sunglasses at night. I was just making a joke...I guess it wasn't as funny as I thought. Sorry." I cringed, as my cheeks started to burn. He calmed, and his face returned to a stoic expression. His fingers brushed my cheeks; his jaw tightened slightly, and he immediately dropped his hand. "Why are you wearing them at night?" I asked softly. I reached up to touch them, and he jerked away. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that." I chastised myself. "Trust me, Kitten, you don't want to know," he answered softly. He picked up my hand, raised it to his lips, and breathed in deeply. I shivered slightly and closed my eyes. I felt his lips kiss my hand as softly as a whisper. Then another kiss on the inside of my wrist. And finally a third; this one on my neck. I could feel my pulse beat against his lips. My breath hitched, and I let out a small moan. Without warning, he spun in his seat and started the bike startling me. "Make sure you hold on," he snapped, his demeanor changing once again, and I wondered what I did wrong. "But..." I didn't have time to finish my thought before he took off and I had to grab onto him tightly. "You should be at home, Kitten, not out with the likes of me. I'll ruin your reputation." I could barely hear him over the wind. Within minutes, I found myself outside my house. I slid off the bike and wobbled; my legs felt like jelly. He reached out to steady me but remained on the bike. How did he know where I lived? "How did you…" "Everyone knows where Chief Swan lives." He smirked. "Oh." I blushed. He nodded sharply and revved the engine a few times. There hoping Charlie wouldn't notice. "Wait," I called out before he could leave. He turned his head slightly as one eyebrow rose over the rims of his shades. I held out the helmet and he hung it from his handlebars. "Will I see you, again?" I asked hopefully. "No." His