Disclaimer: I don't own any rights to Twilight or the characters of Twilight. I also don't own any mentioned Christmas Song. This Christmas The December air was bitter cold and the sky was a slate gray, all around snowflakes fell in small wisps that lingered in the air. My two companions and I stood outside in our dress uniforms by a large truck, which was ready to be filled for the Toys for Tots drive, at the local Seattle ToysRUs. It hadn't been very busy yet, but that wasn't too surprising. Usually, the busiest times were the weekend after Thanksgiving and the weekend before Christmas. We still expected to fill the truck at least once today. We had a second truck in the back of the lot on stand-by, just in case. The three of us looked up as a red, sporty BMW pulled into the lot. There were three girls around our age inside. The doors opened, and the first one out was a tall blonde wearing an expensive looking pink ski jacket. My friend, Emmett, made a low whistle from next to me. She was the exact type he tended to go after. Out of the front passenger door, a short girl with raven hair practically bounced out of her seat. I snickered lowly when I noticed the girl was already all decked out for Christmas. She had on a Santa hat, too large for her head, the ugliest Christmas sweater, one of those large bell necklaces with earrings that that lit up and looked like a Christmas tree light. All though they were hidden by her pants, I bet she was wearing Christmas socks too. My eyes were drawn to the girl that exited from the back. The blonde was holding the seat forward for her and had her other hand out to help her. She was about medium-height with long, wavy brown hair. She had a black pea-style coat on that went mid-thigh with a blue scarf that matched her gloves. She was on the petite side but was still bigger than the elf girl. I watched as she took the elbow of the blonde girl. "What a pity. She was hot too," Emmett sighed in defeat. I frowned as I observed them as they moved around the car. It looked to me like the blonde was helping her brunette friend, opposed to them being a couple; they moved slower than normal, as if they were calculating their steps. But it was icy on the pavement, so maybe they were just being careful. "I think you may be wrong. I'm willing to bet the brunette is visually impaired," my other friend, Jasper suggested. "Oh." Emmett seemed abashed, but quickly looked hopeful. "Well, just in case, let's stand at attention for the pretty ladies." He straightened up. "We don't… oh for Pete's sake," I sighed when I noticed that Jasper had copied him. I didn't want to stand out so I followed their lead. The girls made their way to the front of the store. Two out of the three, glanced at us a few times, giving us a once over. The blonde leaned her head down and whispered in the brunette's ear. The girl bit her lower lip and blushed slightly from whatever her friend said. Jasper's observations were proven accurate when the elf skipped over the curve while the other two stopped. "There is about a medium size step up here." The blonde warned her friend. She nodded and stepped up carefully without looking down. "Do you think we can get them to move?" The elf suddenly bounced in front of us. The other two turned back to her with curious expressions. The elf waved her hand in front of Jasper's face while jumping up and down. I could tell by the amusement in his eyes that he was going to play along. "What are you talking about, Alice?" the blonde questioned. She glanced at us then at her bouncing friend. "You know. Aren't they supposed to be unmovable and not react to anything when they are like this?" Alice asked, now raised up on her tip-toes to look at Jasper, he was over a foot taller than her. She stuck out her tongue and crossed her eyes. His lips twitched as he tried to hold still. "I thought that you said that they were Marines, Rose?" the brunette looked confused her eyebrows were furrowed and head tilted slightly to the side. "They are, Bella. Alice is just being Alice." Rose rolled her eyes with a sigh. Her explanation didn't make any sense to me, but it seemed to Bella. "Alice, you're confusing them with the Queen's Royal Guard over in England," Bella explained shaking her head causing the snowflakes that had gathered in her hair to scatter. "Opps, sorry,'bout that." Alice nearly turned as red as her hat as her friends shared a laugh. She sheepishly dropped to the flats of her feet and backed away. "You're forgiven, ma'am." Jasper tilted his head to her. He set himself at eased first, and Emmett and I followed suit. "Nice to meet you, ladies. I'm Corporal Emmett McCarty. But please, you may call me Emmett. These two here are Jasper and Edward." He threw on his best charming smile as he stared at the blonde. She looked back at him stoically, seemingly unimpressed. "I'm Alice, and those two are Bella and Rose," Alice responded jiggling each time she moved. "Nice, to meet you, three. Thank you for your service to our country." Bella spoke up in a soft, clear voice. She looked in our general direction, and I could see her warm unfocused brown eyes. She looked familiar, but I would've remembered an angel like her if I had met her before. "Our pleasure, Miss," I answered. She blushed shyly and lowered her head. "So, my Rose, do you smell as sweet as they say?" Emmett cheekily asked. The girl rolled her eyes while her friends openly snickered. "That's not the first time I've heard that one," Rose scoffed. "So you're a Rose with thorns then." Emmett frowned. Rose just scowled at him and shook her head. "So do I get candy from you to suck on if I donate?" Alice blurted out looking at Jasper. "I'm sorry, we don't have any candy." Jasper frowned slightly. "So no candy stick that I can lick, like the one that I got from sitting on Santa's lap, last year." Alice pouted. "I…I." Jasper looked completely flustered. "Hey, Jazz, she wants your…" Emmett started snickering. "Corporal, may I remind you, who you are representing right now." I reprimanded him quickly. The poor girl looked embarrassed enough without him adding to it. I didn't often pull rank, but knew him enough to know what he was about to say wouldn't be appropriate. Emmett's smirk fell from his face. "Sorry, sir." He mumbled. "I was talking about you know…candy canes. What else could I mean…oh…oh my god?" Alice turned bright red, again, when she realized her unintentional innuendo. She opened her mouth and quickly shut it, looking mortified. I felt a little bad for her; she seemed nice, just a bit off. She rushed away into the store. "Jerk," Rose glared at Emmett. She led Bella into the store after the embarrassed elf. "Good going." Jasper scowled at Emmett. I wasn't too pleased with him either, I wish I was able to get more than a couple of sentences from Bella. "Sorry," Emmett grumbled, he gave us a small pout. "Hey, I'm going to be right back." Jasper started off stride fast in the direction of the Walgreens that was two stores down. Emmett and I looked at each other and shrugged. Jasper returned less than five minutes later with a small bag that he stowed on the truck out of the way. We then got busy with a few donations that we loaded into the truck and thanked people for their contributions. A local scout troop stopped by to donate a couple of bikes that the boys had put together. We had just finished securing them in when the girls returned with three cart loads. Rose was pushing the first cart but also had her a hand on the front of the second cart, guiding it as Bella pushed it with Alice bringing up the rear. "Can we give you ladies a hand?" I stepped forward and offered some help. "That would be great," Rose said with a smile. I took the cart that she was pushing and Rose moved to help Bella. "Where are these going?" I started to push to their car, trying to figure out how they were going to get all of this into a sports car. "Actually, that cart and this one is all for your drive. The third is for the Children's Hospital and will go to my car." Rose called out to me, so that I wouldn't go any further. I pushed the cart towards the truck. "Wow, that's more than generous of you three. Thank you for your donations." Emmett and Jasper upon hearing this stepped forward to help too. A brief survey of the shopping carts told me that they shopped for all ages too. Not something most often thought about. "You're very welcome. Toys for Tots is something I hold very close to my heart," Bella softly spoke. She had a wistful look on her face as she seemed to recall a past memory, her hands gripped the handle bar tighter. "Let's get these things loaded." Emmett grabbed the first item and handed it off to Jasper. The girls helped us empty the shopping carts, so it went rather quickly. I purposely placed myself near Bella and took the items she handed me. Every time our hands brushed, she would blush slightly. I found myself intentionally brushing her hands. Once the carts were empty, Emmett grabbed them and returned them to a cart carrel. "Miss Alice, this is for you." Jasper pulled out a large red and white stripped candy cane out of the bag he got earlier. Alice face turned as red as her hat. "You didn't have to do that for me?" she squeaked. "Well, now, I couldn't have you be disappointed." He held it out to her. She took it and smiled shy up at him. "Thank you, Jasper, that was very sweet of you." She bit her lip looking up at him. "My pleasure." He nodded his head, smiling gently at her. My friend was smitten, which was funny since they seemed to be nearly polar-opposites. "Bella, it was a pleasure meeting you, and your friends. I hope that you have a very Merry Christmas." I gently took both of her hands in mine and gave them a small squeeze, it felt like a spark went through my gloves and up my arms. I subtly ran my thumb over her left ring finger, checking for a ring hidden under her glove. I was pleased to find none. "It was a pleasure to meet you too, Edward," Bella answered with a small smile. I brought her right hand to my lips and kissed the back of it. Her cheeks had turned a rosy pink before she pulled her hand away. "Well, Rosie, baby, how about you give me your number, and we can hook up before I have to leave." Emmett winked at Rose. "As tempting as that is, I'm going to have to turn you down," Rose answered flatly, not looking impressed at all by my friend. "Come on, Babe. I can show you a good time." He tried to turn on the charm some more. "Don't call me Babe, its condescending," she huffed. "I'll tell you what, you do something for me and I'll reconsider it." She countered offered. "Name it, Ba…beautiful." He caught himself before repeating his mistake, he gave her a huge grin. "We need a Santa Claus for the Children's Hospital on