I do not own Twilight or its characters. Stephenie Meyer does. Fireball CH. 1: EPOV With a sigh, I closed the window shade on the plane, just as the pilot announced our arrival into Port Angeles. The sky was overcast and dreary only adding to my melancholy, which, on top of it all, I would probably get jetlag from this journey, as well. "Would you stop bouncing. You're giving me a headache." I grumbled irritably. My twin sister was bouncing in the seat next to me. She may be my twin but to the casual observer they wouldn't pick up on it. I was six feet three inches and she was four feet eleven inches. She had spiky black hair cut short and had bright blue eyes. My hair was an oddish color, I wasn't really sure what to call it. It wasn't really red but not brown either. My sister and mother referred to it as copper. My own eyes were green and often hidden behind a pair of glasses. My sister was an extrovert and that was putting it mildly. Myself, I was more of an introvert. I had a harder time letting people in. Growing up, my peers seemed more interested in my parents' wealth and status and wanted to be friends for those reasons, rather than find out who I was as a person. Our interests differed as well. My sister lived to shop. I played the piano. She would read fashion magazines; I'd rather sit and read a good book. But at the end of the day we had each other's backs and were the other's best friend. "Stop being such a grump. Aren't you excited? We are starting over in a brand new spot, where no one knows us. We can reinvent ourselves." She seemed so excited. She placed on a pair of sunglasses with bright pink frames. "You aren't going to need those. Forks gets more rain than sun. In fact, you have maybe a ten percent chance of sun most months. Possibly twenty percent in the summer months." I informed her. She peered at me over the top of her glasses and rolled her eyes. "Did you seriously look that up?" She huffed taking her glasses off. "I wanted to be informed. Did you know that this high school only has three hundred and fifty-seven students?" "You mean three hundred and fifty-nine. At least it's coed and not a boarding school." Alice retorted. The seatbelt light went off and we were waiting for permission to unload. "The nearest type of mall you're used to, is about three hours away." I watched as her face paled and her eyes went a bit wide. "What is your problem? I know things are going to change for us. They could be for the better. I doubt news of what has happened reached Forks. I have had a dream of you being happy and with a girl no less. How she's going to handle your grumpy ass, I don't know." "Alice…" I sighed shaking my head. She frowned as we both stood up to get off the plane. I took her carry-on from her slinging it on my shoulder. She followed behind me. "You don't believe me?" she pouted sounding hurt. Alice would get these dreams and intuitions about things. A majority of the time she would even end up being right. However, most people thought she was a bit of a freak because of it. "It's not that I don't believe you. It's just…" I tried to find the right words to not upset her. "Not every girl is going to be attracted to you just because of your bank account. Give it a chance and you could be very happy." She insisted as she hung on to my elbow as we headed towards the baggage claim. "Well, are you going to tell me anything about her?" I gave in. I was slightly curious since she was so adamant about it. "Nah ah. I'm not telling." She smirked slyly. I rolled my eyes and knew this was probably payback for being a know-it all earlier. "So is your dream boy here?" I teased. She blushed and shook her head. "No, I still can't tell when he's coming," she sighed leaning her head on my arm. "Maybe he's busy with a Civil War reenactment." I snickered. "You don't know that. It could be for a movie. He was handsome enough to be a movie star." She sighed dreamily. I rolled my eyes and shook my head. "I guess that would explain his red eyes. Maybe he plays some type of zombie back from the dead." I snickered and then winced when she stomped on my foot. She looked away and let out a loud squeal. "That must be him," she skipped away from me and nearly tackled a police officer waiting by the baggage claim. The guy looked complete shocked when my pixie sister wrapped her arms around him squealing a hello. I sure hope she was right. I didn't want to have to explain the reason for my sister's exuberance so she wasn't arrested. "Edward, come say hello to Charlie." Alice waved me over. "Edward," Charlie held out his hand warily. He was probably worried I would attack him like Alice had. He was a tad shorter than me with dark hair and mustache. "Charlie," I shook his hand firmly like my father taught me. Charlie gave me a genuine smile back before he seemed to get serious again. "You kids grab your bags and we will get you to the house to get you settled in." Charlie let my hand go. We stepped forward to the belt. I pulled my suitcase off then helped Alice pull her three bright pink ones off. "I thought you kids shipped most of your stuff?" Charlie looked slightly surprised. "We did, except for the essentials." Alice smiled charmingly. Charlie blinked a few time as it registered before grabbing two suitcases and I grabbed the other two. Alice took our carry-ons from me to make it a bit easier. F Ten minutes later, we were headed to the small town of Forks in a police cruiser. I was in the back with two of the suitcases since they didn't fit in the trunk. I looked out the window at all the green and more green. My mind drifted to the last few months as I gazed out the window. Alice and I were Masens, one of the oldest and riches families from Chicago. We came from a long line of lawyers which my father was grooming me to be since I was able to walk. Alice and I went to separate private boarding schools. Only the best all boys and all girl schools for Masens. My father was worried that girls would distract me from reaching my potential. Which seemed ironic, with all the prissy high society girls that were basically shoved at me, by my mother. It was at Thanksgiving when Father and I got into a screaming match at the table. I didn't want to be a lawyer like he was. I wanted to focus on music. That didn't sit well with Senior. Frankly, I could care less if I was rich and part of the social elite of Chicago. When I left to head back to school early it was the last time that I saw my parents. They called a few days later to inform me that they were going to Paris for Christmas, leaving Alice and I behind. It wasn't too surprising since it wasn't the first time they did this. My father's parting words were, if I didn't become a lawyer then I was out of my inheritance. Alice's private school wasn't far from my own. So we found a restaurant that was open on Christmas and spent it together. On New Year's Eve day, I got a frantic call from Alice. She had a bad dream that our parents were going to walk into the house while it was being robbed and get killed. She had been trying to reach them and was having no luck. No matter what I said I couldn't calm her down. She finally calmed downed slightly, when I finally got into my Volvo and went to pick her up. We were a about an hour away when we hit a snowstorm. It slowed driving considerably. When we reached our house it was surrounded by swirling red and blue lights. Alice was in tears beside me before I even shut off the car. A pit formed in my stomach, I knew that we were too late. Apparently they had come home earlier than expected, due to a pushed up date in a court case my father was involved in. They walked in, surprising two men who were robbing the house. One of them shot my parents and they fled. What the burglars didn't know was that they had tripped a silent alarm and the police arrived right after my parents. A quick car chase ended with the burglars' car flipping over while taking a turn on the black ice, killing them both. If my parents were five minutes later they would still be alive today. Since Alice and I were only seventeen we were being sent to live with our appointed guardian, Charlie Swan. He was a first cousin of my mother's. He lived as a bachelor in a small town of Forks, Washington where he was the Chief of Police. We had never met the man before today and now we were going to live here until we went to college. Our trust bonds weren't available until we reached twenty-one. Luckily there was a stipulation in the event of my parents' death for a stipend each month to help take care of us as well as tuition for college. F "We are here." I was pulled from my thoughts as Charlie came to a stop. I looked out to see a very small white house. It was probably an eighth of what my parent's had. I looked at Alice who was eyeing the house. A small crease formed on her forehead as she studied our new home. "I know it's not what you two are use to…" Charlie took our silence as a rejection. "The house is great, Charlie. It's much better then living in campus housing with a bunch of other students." I spoke up. "Right, Alice?" She glanced at me and put a smile on her face. Her chirpiness came back as she answered me. "I think it looks homey," she spoke. She was probably already thinking about the changes she would make, if Charlie allowed it. I just hoped she wouldn't go overboard. Alice had a tenancy to be overzealous even though she meant well. I would probably have to rein her in. "Let's get you two settled in and then I will order some pizza. You two like pizza, right?" Charlie got out of the car and we followed. "Pizza is fine," I answered. The first thing that caught my eye was a red Ford truck that may have been new in the 50's. Today it was a bit rusted and showed its age. Charlie saw me looking and gave me a nervous smile. "Sort of a welcome to Forks present for you two. I know it's not fancy like the cars your parents bought you, but it's better suited for the area." I felt bad that he felt he had to keep apologizing to us that he couldn't provide the same luxury that our parents could. It wasn't too long ago that I said I didn't need my parents' money. I guess I was going to get a real taste how the middle class got by, might as well take it in stride. "As long as it gets from A to B that is all that matters." I smiled at him. We