I do not own Twilight or its characters. Stephenie Meyer does. One Fall Day My truck door opened with a slight creak and I slid out. I stretched in the warm autumn air. It was a beautiful day the sky was vivid robin egg blue with white puffy clouds that seemed to just hang in the air. The aroma of fresh hay and harvest time smelled sweet and welcoming. It was warm enough that I decided to take off my deep blue sweatshirt and tied it around my waist. I fluffed up my hair slightly and debated if I should put it up. "Mommy, come on. We're going to be late," my tiny, four year old, replica tugged on my hand. She had slid over and was waiting, somewhat patiently, on the driver's seat for me to help her down. I held on to her hand as she jumped down. She immediately tried to take off at a run. "Hold on, Marie. No running through a parking lot. There are cars everywhere and it's hard to see a small pixie like you," I scolded gently. "I wanna sit with, Ant." Marie gave me a puppy dog look that she picked up from her Aunt Alice. The look was complete with two brown pigtails and chocolate brown eyes. Who names there kid Ant? "Okay, hold my hand, please." I held out my hand for her small one. She slipped her hand in mine and skipped along beside me. The leaves crunched under our feet while we walked through the dirt parking lot. I stopped her as a silver Volvo came up near us. The car stopped and I glanced towards and gave a wave, of gratitude, to the driver, hoping that they saw me even though the sun bounced off their windshield. We approached a small group waiting by some picnic tables. When we got to the grass Marie broke away from me and ran towards the group. "Is Ant here, yet," Marie ran up and stopped in front of a tall blonde woman. The woman looked as if she should be on the runway wearing the latest fashions instead of a pre-school teacher who wore a pair of old jeans with a U-Dub sweatshirt. "Well, hello to you too, Marie." She smiled down at my daughter teasingly. "I sorry. Hi, Mrs. Rose." Marie blushed and hugged the woman's legs who just laughed lightly. "Ant isn't here yet, sweetie. His daddy is bringing him," Mrs. Rose promised with a wink. "Hi, Bella, I'm glad you two could make it." Rose Cullen welcomed me warmly. "Hi, Rose, it sounded like too much fun to pass up." I grinned. "I have to ask is his name really Ant?" I asked in a whisper. I kept my eye on Marie who watching the parking lot like a hawk. "No, it's Benjamin or Ben," Rose said with a giggle. I gave her a questioning look. "He's actually my nephew. My husband gives people weird nicknames all the time. Ant came from Ben's middle name which is Anthony," she explained. "Oh," I nodded seeing Marie take off at the same time, I made a grab for her but she got away. My heart skipped a beat in my chest to see her run into the parking lot without looking before I could catch her. "Marie Isabella Swan, freeze," I hollered after her. She froze in the road looking wide eyed. A handsome man who was walking with a boy, Marie's age, towards us hurried up a few steps and held his hand up stopping a fast coming SUV. He grabbed the startled Marie's hand and guided her back towards me. I met them at the edge of the parking lot. "Marie." I picked her up and hugged her to me. "Don't scare mommy like that, ever again." "I sorry," she said in little trembling voice. "I got excited to see Ant." She hugged me back. "Thank you," I looked up see the man still standing by with his son. My eyes opened a bit wider when my eyes locked with his emerald green eyes. His hair had a copper glow in the sun light. He was over six feet and extremely well fit. Handsome was a mere insult. He was so much more. My heart fluttered inside my chest. I placed Marie on her feet. "No harm done. Ben here has been talking non-stop about seeing Marie this morning too. I'm sure if we arrived first I would've had a hard time holding on to him too." He winked at me. I noticed he called his son by his real name. "Dad," cried the horrified boy next to him. I glanced down at the small boy he looked almost exactly like his father, except he had blue eyes and glasses. He pushed them up his nose as he blushed in embarrassment. Marie giggled and started dragging the poor boy towards their friends. "So your Marie's mom," his velvety voice awakened parts of my body that have long been dormant. "Bella." I held out my hand in greeting. "Yes, you are." his bigger hand slipped into mine and I felt sparks run through my body. "Pardon?" I couldn't have heard him right. "I'm Edward." He squeezed my hand gently but I could still tell he was very strong. "Please, to meet you," I bit my lip. His eyes broke our connection to glance to our side. "Hi, not to intrude, but the kids are kind of anxious about starting." Rose burst our bubble smirking beside us. "Sorry about that, Rose." Edward ran his hand threw his hair sheepishly. I blushed taking a step back. We had been closer than I thought Edward went ahead towards our kids, who were waiting patiently at a picnic table for us. "I'm sorry, too," I stumbled over my words watching him walk away. She waved me off before linking our arms together. "Do me a favor and team up with Edward today. He's going to need saving from those vultures. I swear most of them forget that they are married when he comes around." "Um, sure," I agreed quickly. She let go of my arm to grab some more stragglers The kids were starting to load the wagon filled with hay bales to use as benches. Marie was waiting along side Edward and Ben. "Are you, guys, ready?" I asked. Marie and Ben nodded excitedly. Edward helped them climb up into the wagon and then gestured to me. "Ladies, first." He gestured. I grinned and stepped up and in. I took a seat next to Marie on a bale of hay while Edward sat next to Ben so that the kids were between us. A few ladies tried to get Edward's attention. He greeted them politely, but then started talking to Ben and Marie, telling them about a hayride he went on at their age. It wasn't long before the wagon lurched slightly as the tractor started. I wrapped my arm around Marie's back to hold on to her. She was so small I was worried that she would fall through the slats of the wagon if we went over a bump. My fingers brushed against human skin and I felt a buzz again. I looked up and caught Edward's eyes. He winked at me and brushed our fingers together once more. The wagon rolled across a field and into a wooded area. Soon you could hear small children giggling and squealing over the Halloween decorations. Luckily, it was during the day so it wasn't too scary. It was just filled with dressed up scarecrows and other fun Halloween decorations. At night they hired people to jump out and scare the travelers. "Ghost," Marie screamed then giggled. Ben looked around and pointed out something else. "A witch and she's standing by a house made out of candy." He tugged on Edward's sleeve. "Candy?! I want candy," a blonde haired boy screamed trying to stand up. "Mikey, sit down," his mother, who I knew as Jessica Newton, hissed pulling him back by the collar of his shirt. The boy stumbled backwards letting out another wail. "But I want candy! Candy! Candy! Candy!" he started to have a tantrum. I looked away from the spectacle as other mothers gawked. "Shut up already, it isn't even real," Jessica snapped. Edward was frowning looking slightly disgusted. Marie and Ben were looking upset, as well as were a few other kids. "Look at the witch over there. I think she flew into a tree." I pointed out distracting the kids. Marie and Ben erupted back into giggles. "She probably didn't know 'witch' way to go," Edward joked. The kids giggled harder. I just rolled my eyes fighting an amused smile. It wasn't long after that we emerged back into another area of the same field. The driver came to a stop near some small pumpkins. Mikey barreled through the wagon, jumping off the edge before the motor had shut off. I tensed for a moment as he landed on his knees. He stood up and ran off. I looked to see what Jessica was doing and she wasn't even paying attention since she was talking to the lady next to her. "Let me get off first. Then you may follow me holding on to the railing. Do not jump." Edward directed our two. He climbed down setting a good example and then turned watching our two climb down. I stood up to follow them. Just as I got to the stairs I reached for the railing when I was bumped from behind. I felt myself falling forward and I closed my eyes prepared to hit the ground, when I was caught by a pair of strong arms. "Are you alright." I peeked out of my eyes to a pair greens ones looking at me in concern. Edward was holding me bridal style. "I'm fine." I blushed as he placed me on my feet steadying me. "You're still as clumsy as you were in high school, Bella," Jessica laughed behind me. I scowled and kept my mouth shut. She hadn't changed much from high school either, if you'd ask me. "Hi, Edward," she batted her eyes. She must be one of the ones Rose was talking about, since I knew Jessica was married to Mike Newton. I'm not sure how much love was in that marriage anyways. They had gotten married right after high school because she was pregnant. "Jessica, there are kids waiting to get off," his voice was a bit terse. There were a few kids waiting behind her looking less then pleased. "Help, me down." She waved her hand at him. "The railing is right there. You know I thought it was the kids we would have to remind to not push." Edward narrowed his eyes. Jessica huffed down the steps and turned. "Aren't you off duty, officer," she scoffed before turning away. The parents stayed close to the wagon as the kids wandered around the pumpkins, so that they could each choose one. I thought it was sweet the way Ben and Marie were holding hands. "Officer," I asked curiously. Charlie mentioned there was a new guy on the force but I hadn't met him yet. "Yes, I'm a police officer." He admitted seeming a bit shy with the information. "What a small world," I laughed. "What do you mean?" Edward asked furrowing his eyebrows. "M…" I was cut off by my daughter screaming. "Hey, I had that first…Mommy!" I turned to see that Mikey had ripped a pumpkin out of Marie's hands. "Give it back." Ben was trying to stand bravely up to the boy that was bigger than him. "No." Mikey threw the pumpkin. "Ha ha." He laughed evilly as the pumpkin smashed on the ground. Marie burst into tears. I went to her right away pulling her into a hug. "Jessica, control your son, that's why you are here," I