I do not own Twilight or its characters. Stephenie Meyer does. Gabby and April, thank you for prereading, and Fran, thank you for taking your time to edit. Any mistakes left are my own. Dedicated to Melistories Edward from Enterprise I am not going. I am not going I am not… "You're going," Alice, my oldest and dearest friend, insisted, breaking through my thoughts. Did I mention annoying? Because that would describe her to a 'T' as well. "Alice." I turned away from the mirror to look at her sitting on the edge of the bed. "Bella, you've got to go because I can't." She pointed at her very pregnant belly. "I hated high school. Why on earth would I go back willingly? You were my only friend there and if you're not going then I'm not going." "But if you don't go, how will you ever find out the dirt? Like is perfect Tanya no longer perfect because she's no longer a size 0, or does Emmett McCarty have a beer belly and lives in his parents' basement. Not to mention is James not there because he's some dude's bitch in prison." Alice's eyes lit up with excitement. "Or we can leave the past in the past, where it should stay. I don't care about any of those people, why should you? They weren't very nice to you either," I pointed out. "I know, and if my doctor had given me clearance to fly, I would be there. You want to know why? Because we look damn good. Well, right now, you do." She paused to rest her hand on her swollen belly. "We're successful and not the ugly ducklings we once were. I want you to walk in there with your head held high and show them that Bella Swan is now a Swan," she declared. "I've always been a Swan according to my surname," I quipped with a snicker. "Ugh, you know what I mean." She rolled her eyes. "Look at you in that dress, you look hot." "I look like a slut, saying 'come get it.'" I tugged on the too-short skirt; the neckline plunged between my breasts. Way too much skin. "You do not. Jasper!" she yelled for her husband, making me cringe at her volume. I could hear him running down the hall right before he crashed through the door, causing me to quickly step backward to avoid being hit. "What's wrong? Is it time?" he panted, looking frantic. His glasses hung crookedly on his face. "No, it's not time. Does Bella's dress say, 'Come and get it?'" Alice waved her hand toward me. Jasper looked confused as he eyed me up and down. "Um …Yes." "Told ya," I sang. "Jasper," Alice snapped and tossed a pillow at him. He became flustered and turned bright pink then glanced at me again. "Yes…I mean No. Dang it, Ali, why are you asking me? Can't you go out and ask someone else?" "Like at a street corner?" I smirked. "Yes…" Jasper agreed. His eyes widened and he stammered when Alice gave him a sharp look. "No… Definitely no. I…you girls are going to drive me crazy. I'm going back to my game," he huffed, leaving the room quickly. The door closed, and Alice and I burst into a fit of giggles—I collapsed on the bed beside her. "Poor, Jasper. That was just mean, Alice." I tried to get myself under control. "Oh…I think I just peed a little," Alice gasped as her laughter came to a sudden stop. "Ewww, T.M.I., Ali." I shook my head. "Please reconsider? Isn't there a little part of you that wants to go back and say 'look at me now, bitches'?" Alice rested her head on my shoulder. I thought of the girl I once was, wearing glasses with thick lenses, my hair was out of control due to the humidity, making me look like a troll doll. I wasn't overweight but I wasn't skinny either. I was the class nerd, which was also another mark against me. Today, I looked like another person. I had Lasik surgery so I no longer needed glasses. My hair, thanks to a great stylist I found, tamed the beast into soft waves with subtle red highlights. I still wasn't skinny, but I had curves that I didn't have in high school. My mother said I was a late bloomer and boy, did my boobs bloom. While in college, I developed a few software programs that I sold off—giving me financial security. I didn't have to work, but I still did to keep busy. Alice and I started an Internet Café in the Northend of Boston, five years ago—today we had three others spread across the city. We would never be multi-millionaires from the stores but we were doing well for ourselves. "All right, I'll go. But you better not have that baby while I'm gone." I stood up and looked at myself in the mirror one more time. "Yay! I promised to keep my knees together until you're back." She crossed her heart. EfE "You want the good news or the bad news?" Jake closed the rental car's hood with a smack. "Bad news, first." I sighed. I had rented a car from Enterprise atthe Port Angeles airport. I only got half-way to Forks before smoke started billowing out of the hood and it died at the side of the road. I called a tow truck and to my surprise, Jake came to my rescue—he was the son of my father's best friend. And despite being two years younger than me, he acted like my big brother, protecting me from some of the bullies when I was at the school. Too bad he went to another school district, though. "This car isn't going anywhere in the next few days, not without a ton of work." He smiled apologetically. "Great. What's the good news?" I frowned. "That it's Enterprise's problem to deal with. Call them to have them pick it up and drop off a new car to you." He shrugged. I dialed the number on my paperwork and waited for someone to answer. Hopefully, it would be someone other than the airhead that helped me before. "Good afternoon, this is Enterprise, Edward speaking. How may I help you today?" The warm, velvety voice soothed my irritation. "Hi, Edward. My name is Bella Swan. I left with a car from your place about two hours ago. Half-way between Forks and Port Angeles, it broke down on the side of the road," I explained. "I'm sorry to hear that. Were you hurt?" I was surprised he was concerned about me. "I'm fine. But the car is dead at the moment," I answered. "Are you still on the side of the road?" "No, I had it towed to Black's Bump 'N Grind. But now I'm stuck without a car," I responded. I could hear the clicking of a keyboard and a disgruntled sigh. "Miss, can you tell me what type of car you rented?" "What type of car? It's blue and…" I glanced at Jake. He gave me an amused look. "It's a 2015 Nissan Juke." "A 2015 Neon Junk," I repeated. Jake's shoulders started to shake with laughter. "Nissan Juke," he said again. "Sorry, Nissan Juke. I don't speak Car and Driver." I flushed with embarrassment. "You many not have been to far off." Edward sighed. "I owe you another apology, Ma'am, the car that you were given was slated to go to our mechanics. We'll have another one brought out to you, and you'll be compensated for your trouble." "Thank you, when can I expect a new car," I asked. "Unfortunately, it may take awhile to get one there. I can probably get a car to you in about four hours." His sincere tone made it hard for me to get mad him. "Okay. Thank you." I hung up. "Wonderful, this is a complication that I didn't need. How late is fashionably late," I grumbled. "You're asking me? I'll tell you what, Bella Boop, I'll bring you to your hotel and then give you a lift to the reunion. Have the car dropped off there?" Jake suggested. "Do you think that they will do that?" "I don't see why not. They should be bending over backward to please you. Isn't their whole slogan that they'll pick you up wherever you need them?" Jake snorted in disgust. I called them back, and Edward once again answered. "Hi, Edward, this Bella Swan calling back. I would like to ask if the new car can be dropped off at The Lodge in Forks. My high school reunion is tonight, and I'd rather not miss it," I inquired politely. "That should be no problem, Miss Swan," he agreed readily. "Thank you. Is it possible to get the name of the person dropping it off, so I can notify the desk?" "I'll be dropping the car off myself. My name is Edward Cullen." I felt a small thrill of pleasure knowing that I'll be meeting the man behind the voice. "Thank you, Edward, and please call me Bella." I felt flustered, Jake shot me a strange look. "You're welcome. I'll meet you tonight," he promised. "What was that about? You look all moony-eyed after a phone call," Jake asked after I hung up the phone. "Nothing. He was just very nice." I shrugged. "Sure, sure." He smirked. EfE "All right, how do I look?" I pulled down on the skirt of the dress Alice picked out for me. I still thought it was too provocative. "You look hot. Why if I wasn't married…oaff." Jake rubbed his ribs where Leah elbowed him. "You'd what?" Leah crossed her arm over her pregnant belly. "Watch reruns of Buffy the Vampire Slayer every night," I teased. Leah cracked a smile and laughed. "He would starve too." "Thank you for the ride, guys." I stepped out of the back of Jake's Bunny or was it Rabbit. "Call, if you need a ride," Jake insisted, restarting his car and driving away. I entered the lobby and noticed a table set up, with two girls and one guy, sitting behind it. "Sorry, the restaurant is closed for Class of 2006 reunion." I recognized Tanya Denali. The other two were Jessica Stanley Newton and Mike Newton. Alice will be disappointed. Our Prom Queen was still stick thin, and I noticed a large rock glittering on her left hand. However, her skin did have an unnatural orange glow. "I was in that class is this where I check in?" I calmly walked up to the table. I wasn't going to let her intimate me like she did years ago. The three of them looked me up and down with small frowns. Well, the girls were, Mike looked like he was about to start drooling. Gross "I don't recognize you." Jessica had noticed her husband's response and was glaring at me. She had gained weight, but I was pretty sure she was pregnant. I wasn't about to ask in fear that I would be wrong. "Bella Swan." I was pleased when I noticed their eyes widen in shock. "Really. Bella, you look—" Tanya trailed off, I could tell she didn't want to say anything nice. "Smokin'," Mike finished for her. Jessica pouted and glared at him—then she turned and focused her glare on me. "You must have had a ton of work done." She tossed her hair over her shoulder. "Only laser eye surgery to fix my vision," I answered sweetly as her scowl deepened. "Here is your nametag. I can already tell you'll probably win most changed." Tanya handed me the I.D with condescending smirk. "That's unless Mary Alice decides to grace us with her presence or is she still too larger than life to join us?" Jessica shared a glance with Tanya. "Alice stayed at home with her husband, her baby is due any day or else she