Gabby and April, thank you for pre-reading, and Fran, thank you for editing. Any mistakes left are my own. 1 st place public vote for story and banner in Jingle All the Way Contest. 3 rd place judges for banner. Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Do You See What I See? I crossed the quad on campus while reading my returned assignment from my professor. I was so absorbed in what I was doing that I bumped into someone, sending them sprawling into the snow bank. "Shit. I'm sorry. I wasn't watching where I was going. Are you all right?" I made sure my hood was up before looking down, cringing when I realized who I'd hit. "That's okay; I wasn't watching either." She laughed. Bella sat on the snowy ground wearing a Santa cap with a blue parka. Under her coat, I spotted a Christmas sweater. Today, her sightless, brown eyes were covered with red tinted sunglasses. "Is that you, Edward?" She looked up in my general direction. "Yeah, it's me. Would you like help?" I stretched out my hand to her. She reached in my direction, and I grasped her hand and helped her to her feet. I bent down to retrieve her bag and frowned when picking up her bent cane. "I'm really sorry about that. Are you sure you're okay?" I asked her. "I'm fine," she repeated with a small smile. She was trying to brush all the snow off her. "I have your things; I'm afraid your cane got bent," I apologized. She sighed as she took it from me. "It was old and needed replacing anyway. Are you busy right now?" she asked. "No, not really. Why?" I asked, shifting my bag on my shoulder. "Well, I've already gotten myself lost since I've never been to this building before, and without my cane, it's going to be harder. Could you help me find Spaulding Auditorium? I promised Alice I'd come help assemble Christmas care packages to mail out today," she asked. "Isn't it early to worry about Christmas? Thanksgiving was only last week." I groaned, I hated the holiday season. It seemed it started earlier every year, too—I swear I saw a Christmas commercial before Halloween this year. "Well, they're for the troops overseas, so they have to be mailed early." Bella blushed. I felt like a heel for disparaging her good deed—I had to fix it. "I'm a jerk. Of course, I can bring you." I reached for her elbow. "Actually, it would be better if I take yours." She switched, so she was holding on to me. Right, I should've known. Bella was friends with my roommate's girlfriend, so I'd been around her enough that I should've learned these things. "If you take a half turn to your right, we'll head in the correct direction," I directed her. We started to walk together, and I was hyper aware of her hand wrapped around my bicep and her side brushing against mine. She softly hummed under her breath, " Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas." "Is the tree set up yet?" Bella asked me suddenly. "What tree?" I asked. "The tree in the square that they decorate with lights for Christmas," she responded. I looked around and spotted the one she was looking for. There were workers and ladders by a large evergreen tree, which was about half covered in decorations. "Ah yeah … it looks like they're setting it up now," I commented. "Are they using colored lights or white this year?" she asked. "I can't really tell from here. It looks like they might be colored." I squinted my eyes to see—the angle of the sun didn't give me a good view. When we got to the street, I stopped her from crossing since a car was coming. "Okay, we can cross. In about two steps, you're going to step down off the curb," I warned. "You're not too bad at this." She smiled softly. "I've just observed Alice helping you. Step up with your left foot," I answered. When we got into the auditorium a few moments later, I heard a squeal, then a tiny girl ran across the room like a blur of red, green, and tinkling bells. "There you are, Bella. I was starting to think you got lost." Alice stopped in front of her, bouncing, so she jingled. "I did … a little. Edward was kind enough to help me." Bella tilted her head at me with a smile. Alice glanced up at me and then quickly avoided eye contact—like most people did. Ever since the accident, no one looked me straight in the face; unless it was Halloween when they thought the scars were part of my costume. "Oh, hi, Edward. Are you going to help us too?" She smiled brightly. She was wearing an ugly Christmas sweater and on her head where blinking antlers. There was a large bell around her neck along with Christmas bulbs for earrings. I was actually surprised she wasn't wearing elf shoes. "I can't stay. I just wanted to make sure that Bella arrived here safely since her cane is broken." I started to back away. "It broke? I told you, you needed to get a new one." Alice placed her hands on her hips as she shook her head. "I know, but I was hoping Jasper could fix this one so I could wait until after Christmas since I have presents to buy." I rolled my eyes and sighed; was she another person that went crazy this time of year? "I can buy you a new one since it was my fault," I blurted out. Both girls looked towards me in surprise. Alice smirked slightly but said nothing, which was new for her. "You don't have to do that. I told you, my cane was old and about ready to go anyway. But thank you for the offer." Bella smiled. "Could you stay? We could always use an extra pair of hands." I looked around the room quickly. Christmas music was blaring with people singing along as they were packing boxes. "I can't, I'll see"—I winced—"I'll talk to you later." I hurried away. C A few days later, I was sitting in my required composition class when a musical voice cleared their throat beside me. "Hi, Edward, is the seat next to you available?" I looked up to see Bella standing in the aisle. She was wearing the Santa hat again; however, no Christmas sweater today. And this time her glasses were tinted green. "It is, but let me move over for you so you can have the aisle." I quickly moved my stuff. She waited until she heard me move then cautiously settled into her seat. I noticed her new cane. "You got a new one?" I commented lightly. "It was an early Christmas present from Alice," Bella answered. "By the way, how did you know it was me sitting here?" I asked. "I could smell you," she answered with a smile. I frowned and took a subtle sniff of myself. I had showered last night, so I thought I was okay. Bella giggled from beside me. "You smell like Irish Spring soap." She grinned. "That's a relief," I admitted. I looked horrible enough, I didn't need to smell bad too. If Bella knew what I looked like, she probably wouldn't be talking to me. She was silent for a moment before she pulled out a recorder and set it on the table. "Why do you hate Christmas so much? I know it's not because you celebrate one of the other holidays," she suddenly asked. "What makes you think I hate Christmas?" I avoided answering. "I can hear you when anyone mentions it; you sigh heavily or groan. I think I've even heard you say bah humbug once," she pointed out. "I don't know what you're talking about." I sat forward in my seat. She faced me for a moment before turning away. "Fine, be that way, Ebenezer." She sighed. I frowned slightly; I didn't like her thinking of me so negatively. The class went on—we ignored each other. When it was over, I packed and waited for Bella to move, but she remained rooted to her seat. "Bella, class is over." I wasn't sure if she had fallen asleep. She turned her head slightly towards me. "I want to change your mind," she stated. "About what?" I was confused. "About Christmas. I want to change your mind about it. Will you let me try?" she asked with a small smile that made her look so hopeful. "I have my reasons for not liking the holiday season, all right?" I ran my hand through my hair. "Why then?" She crossed her arms across her chest. Why did she care so much? "I just do." I groaned not willing to expand. "That's not a valid reason, but I'll let it go." I sighed in relief. "If… you let me try to change your mind I want to show you how great this Christmas can be," she announced with determination "Why does it matter so much to you?" My resolve was starting to waver. "It just does." She grinned, and I rolled my eyes. "That's not a valid reason," I parroted, surprising myself by chuckling. "Well, it's as good as yours. The first event is this afternoon into the evening. You know where I live, right?" she asked as she stood and adjusted her coat. "Yeah," I answered, mirroring her actions. "Great, we'll be starting around three. Be there and bring your smile." She beamed as she walked away. Wait, did I even agree to this? C It was closer to four when I finally showed up at the small house that Bella and her friends rented. I knocked on the door and waited. My roommate, Jasper, opened it with money in hand. He looked surprised to see me but gave me a welcoming smile. "Hey, Edward, I was starting to think you weren't going to come. I thought you might be the pizza guy. We ordered you a sausage and pepper pizza—did I get that right?" "Sorry, I was running late, but the pizza sounds great," I responded. Jasper was a good guy. Since I first met him, he was one of the few people that looked me in the face without responding negatively. It was as if my scars weren't even there, or he just didn't care. "Well come in before we let all the warm air out. Shoes over on the rack. Just a reminder, don't leave anything on the floor; Bella doesn't use her cane around the house, and she could get hurt if we leave something in a normally clear path." He took my coat and hung it on a rack. "Okay." I nodded. "What exactly are we doing tonight?" "We're helping the girls with the holiday baking." I gave him a nervous look. "As long as you can follow directions, you'll be fine." He clapped me on the shoulder. I followed him towards the kitchen. I recognized a couple sitting at one end of long table decorating cookies with frosting and other assorted candies. "Edward, have you met Emmett and Rose. Guys, this is Edward," Jasper introduced us. "Nice to meet you," I greeted them. The girl barely looked up from the Santa cookie she was decorating and nodded. She didn't seem unfriendly, just absorbed in what she was doing. Emmett paused in the middle of taking a sip of his beer. "Hey, Merry Christmas, Ed —" Emmett hesitated when he saw my face. He quickly recovered with a grin. "Edward. Would you like a beer?" he offered. "I don't drink." I shook my head. Emmett's grin faltered as he glanced at his drink. "Would you be offended if I did? I can switch to soda or something else." I was surprised