I do not own Twilight or its characters. Stephenie Meyer does. Could I Have This Dance? I adjusted the volume of the music pumping out of the speakers as Britney Spears' song "Crazy" blared through them and the colored lights blinked in sync. A quick glance at my watch told me there was still an hour, and a half before the middle school dance was over. "Were we this dorky when we were in middle school?" my friend, Emmett, snickered, leaning on the table next to me. I looked out across the dance floor and saw few kids were dancing. It was amusing to see most of the girls on one side in giggling in small groups. Some kids swaying to the music but not really dancing. On the other side, the boys were standing there with hands in their pockets and talking to each other. There was one lone boy dancing to the music as if his life depended on it, in the center of the floor. There was also one girl sitting by herself on the bleachers near the doors to the hallway, where the bathrooms were located. She was using the light of the door to read a book. She stood out to me, because she was the only one dressed-up — wearing a blue dress with her brown hair nicely curled. The rest of the kids were wearing shorts or jeans. The boys were in T-shirts and the girls in tank top or short sleeves. "I'll be right back. I need to take a piss." Emmett started to move around the table. "Emmett, watch your language." His girlfriend, Rose, scolded from her folding chair behind us. She was sitting there looking bored out of her mind. I had no idea why she joined us to do nothing but sit there. "They're in middle school, Rosie. I'm sure most of them have heard it, if not used that language before." Emmett rolled his eyes, walking away. "That's not the point," she yelled after him. "You're wasting your breath," I snickered. She rolled her eyes then noticed something behind me. She smirked and looked at me. "In coming, Edward." I turned back to see four giggling girls on the other side of the table and staring at me. "Hi, your name is Edward." One of them giggled as she tossed her blond hair over her shoulder. "Yeah, may I help you girls?" I gave them a polite smile. "I'm Tanya, and they are, Lauren, Irina, and Jess." Tanya giggled more than talked normally. I nodded my head and they all giggled in sync, again. I fought the urge not to roll my eyes in annoyance. "So can we requests some songs?" Tanya asked, batting her eyes at me. She grabbed a lock of her hair and twirled it around her finger. "Go for it, you just have to write it down on the clipboard. If we have it, we will play them later," I explained, sliding the clipboard towards her. "Can we dedicate them?" Lauren asked, exchanging a look with Tanya. They all giggled, and they looked like they were up to no good. I wonder what poor boy was going to receive a song from them. "There is a spot right next to the song for that." I answered against my better judgment. "Super." Tanya tossed her hair again and bent over to write on the paper. She scribbled furiously and was even dotting her 'i's with hearts. The other girls giggled around her. I swear they almost sounded evil now. Tanya dropped the pen and skipped away without another word; the rest of her clique trailed after her. They headed directly for the girl reading the book. She looked up in surprise and frowned at them. They surrounded her and started talking to her animatedly. "They are up to no good." Rose appeared at my side, watching them with a frown on her face and arms crossed in front of her. "I was thinking the same thing." I was becoming very concerned. The brown-haired girl glanced over at us. When she realized we were watching them, she ducked her head shyly. Emmett glimpsed at them, as he walked by, he chuckled and shook his head as he reached us. "I wonder which poor sap got stuck with the same dorky name that you did," he snickered as walked around the table. Tanya looked over her shoulder at us and smirked before turning back to the girl on the bleachers. The girl was looking uncomfortable and chewed on her lower lip. A feeling of dread washed over me as it dawned on me what was happening. "They didn't," Rose hissed, grabbing the clipboard. "Those little bitches." She slapped the clipboard down so hard the pen flew off and slid across the dance floor. "Language, Rosalie," Emmett playfully scolded. His smile dropped when she saw how upset that she was. "You, guys can't do this dedication. That poor girl will be humiliated," Rose pleaded with us. "What am I missing?" Emmett frowned picking up the clipboard. He studied it looking confused. Rose sighed heavily and turned her body to him. She grasped his arm with one hand and pointed at the sheet with her other hand. "Those girls are trying to play one of the oldest tricks in the book. They dedicated this song to make that poor girl think the D.J., a.k.a. an older cute guy, asked her to dance. So when she winds up out on the dance floor alone, she will be humiliated in front of everyone when he doesn't dance with her. I'll bet anything they are over there right now telling her that Edward thinks she's cute, and he asked about her or something," Rose explained in a huff. "That's just cruel." Emmett frowned. "Don't worry, baby, we will ignore it." "No, we aren't going to ignore it." I slowly shook my head, I started to smile while an idea formed in my mind. "Edward Cullen, you can't be serious. There's no way I will let you hurt that poor girl." Rosalie got in my face and jabbed my in the chest with one of her fingers. I brushed it away and stepped back from her. Emmett pulled her back by the shoulders and frowned at me. I smirked and started to laugh, and Emmett grinned back at me. "What are you going to do?" he asked eagerly. "I'm going to turn the tables on those girls. Instead of that song, play "I Can Love You Like That" by All 4 One. I'll be right back." I started to move, but Rose grabbed my wrist. "What are you going to do?" she looked at me suspiciously. "I'm going to go ask a pretty girl to dance." I answered with a wink and shrug of my shoulders. Her eyes softened, and she smiled at me. "That would be very sweet. You'll make her night." She let go of my arm. I walked across the dark floor as Emmett spoke over the mike announcing that it was time for a slow dance. The group of girls turned their heads looking eager to see if their song was about to be announced. When they saw me headed their way their eyes opened wide in surprise. The brunette immediately looked back down at her book in her hands. I could tell even in the dim light that a blush covered her cheeks. I brushed by the group and stood in front of the young girl. "Excuse me?" I tried to get her attention. They had written Bella on the paper, but I wasn't entirely sure if that was her real name. She looked up, and I could see that tears were brimming in her eyes. "Yes." Her voice squeaked slightly. She cringed and looked more embarrassed. "Could I have this dance?" I asked, holding out my hand to her. She blinked a few times. "Me?" she sounded very confused. "Yes, you." I smiled encouragingly. She nodded shyly and placed her book down. She stood and took my hand. I led her out to the dance floor where a couple of other people were already dancing. She paused looking uncomfortable. She looked around then back at me. "Sorry, I've never done this before. I can't really dance," she whispered; her face was bright pink. Around us, her fellow classmates were openly staring at her. It seemed to make her more nervous, and she stumbled over her own feet. I caught her before she could fall. "No problem. It's my job to lead you." I placed one hand lightly on her waist and held her other hand in mine. I was careful to keep an appropriate space between us. "Your name is Bella, right?" "Yes." She nodded. "Nice to meet you, Bella. I'm Edward." I smiled. We started to sway, and she stumbled slightly at first. After a moment, she looked less nervous. When she relaxed her movements became smoother. "May I ask you why you asked me to dance? Not that I'm not grateful. I just thought I was being set up by Tanya, again." She bit her lip and looked at my ear rather than in my eyes. I sighed and wondered if I should tell her the truth. I glanced over her shoulder where Tanya was staring at us pouting. I figured Bella needed to be warned of the girl, who had it out for her, for some reason. "Truth?" I started. Bella nodded her head, and her brown eyes met mine. I sighed and rolled my head a bit. I tilted my head down to speak to her softly. "I believe she was trying to set you up. Luckily, my friend's girlfriend picked up on it before it could happen." "Oh. But…Why are you dancing with me then?" Bella's eyebrows furrowed. "Because, I thought it would be a shame to let a pretty girl like you be set up to be embarrassed by a bunch of jealous girls. Plus, I figured it was a bit of sweet revenge if I did dance with you. It would give Tanya the opposite of what she desired," I answered. "Thank you." The corners of her lips tweaked into a small smile. "You're welcome. This isn't the first time Tanya has tried to trick you?" I questioned. A comment she made earlier peaked my curiosity. "Well, she acts like my friend at times. She encouraged me to come to the dance saying it would be fun to get all dressed up and hanging out outside of school. I moved here recently, and I don't have many friends yet. However, it seems that it was a trick since I'm the only one dressed up." She looked like a small, angry kitten all wound up. "If you would like my advice, girls like Tanya and the rest of her crew aren't your friends. They seem like the mean girls that enjoy seeking out people that they can to bull. I would stay out of their path and take whatever they say to you with a grain of salt," I advised. I didn't want to see her hurt again. "I'm starting to see that." Bella nodded. "How old are you, Bella?" I asked. "Don't you know that it was rude to ask a girl her age?" she responded, narrowing her eyes. "I'm sorry." I grew flustered at being called out. Sure I have heard that before, but I always thought that referred to older girls. She let out a small giggle. "I'm just joking. I'm fourteen." I was awarded with her first real smile of the night. "How old are you?" she countered playfully. "I'm eighteen." I smiled at her. "I see. Are you in college yet?" she asked eagerly. "Not yet. I just graduated out of high school a week ago and will leave for college in the Fall," I answered. "I can't wait to leave for college." Bella looked wistful.