AN: M just to be safe. Unbeta'd. Forgive me. For Greenwool. If it feels like it's been awhile since you've read something meaningful, checkout 'Home is in Your Skin'. He's still with Leevy the first time he hears it. He's delivering outrageously over priced strawberries (only the top layer is good, the bottom ones are rotting), when he hears something he's never heard before. Soft and low like a loon and melodious like the wind. He wanders around the back of the big ugly mansion, searching for the sound that comes and goes on the breeze. It's sad and beckoning like a lost child, and pulls at him between his breast bone. He finds himself inching along ledges and climbing scaffolding, trying to find it, whatever the thing is. That's how he first discovers her window. It's barely cracked open and the curtains are drawn, but the breeze sends them billowing and all he can see is her back and some kind of stick on her shoulder. But he hears music. Such music. He sees her everywhere after that. At the bakery, buying cake. At Iris', purchasing yards of sturdy grey cloth. In the schoolyard, dusting off some random little girl who's fallen in a game of tag. Katniss visits her sometimes after school. "What do you talk about?" he asks incredulously in the woods one Sunday. He looks disdainful, as if his best friend's choice of company is a betrayal, but really he just wants know, what does she say? Why is she friends with Seam girl hunter? Katniss is angry and defensive. "Hey, you don't know Madge. She's different ok?" He grinds his teeth in frustration. He knows she's different, he just needs to understand why? He cuts her off in an alley way once. It irritates him that she uses these back roads around town; doesn't she know it can be dangerous? "What do you do with all the damn strawberries?" She blinks rapidly at him, her lips trembling. She looks startled and uncertain, so he relaxes his shoulders and uncrosses his arms, leaning easily against the wall of the Justice Building. Her shoulders drop and she licks her lips anxiously, catching the bottom one between her teeth. "They're the only thing that makes my mother smile anymore. I know they're miserable to pick on the vine and I'm sure we don't pay you enough. Thank you." She touches his arm and flashes him a small smile before she darts down the street. The next time, he sees her carrying a stick strung up with something. It looks like a completely useless utensil, not sharp enough to be a weapon and he can find no purpose for the strings. "What is that?" he asks. It's Sunday and he's supposed to be in town trading pelts, then buying roots for dinner, and there was always time for a poker game at the Hob. Instead he is walking next to Madge whose long fingers are touching the stick lovingly. "It's my bow," she says, with such affection that for an instant he's jealous of a piece of wood. He makes his voice hard. "That's not a bow. You can't hunt with that thing." She bites her lips again; trapping what he suspects is a laugh behind her teeth. He gets angrier. "Not that kind of bow. I'm not Katniss," she whispers conspiratorially Yes. Yes, he can see that. "It's for my cello," she adds as if that will clarify anything. His expression must give him away because she murmurs, "Do you have a second? I can show you." He didn't even realize they were at her house. As they walk up to her room it occurs to him that he's done this before. He knows what it means when town girls ask him upstairs. He scrutinizes her backside as he follows her down the hall, and the long legs that terminate under her soft brown skirt. He's pretty sure this thing with Leevy is casual but all the same he won't let whatever petting session the mayor's daughter has planned go too far. He realizes he's disappointed; this isn't what he expected she'd want. But before he knows what's happening, he watches her lift, with impressive strength, a large hulking piece of carved wood (beautiful craftsmanship, he could live a thousand lifetimes and never create something like this) that balances on a metal pole and sits between her legs. She fidgets around getting comfortable, then takes her bow and- Something in him cracks. Her arm saws across the instrument with unfathomable precision. Her whole body changes, all the shyness and uncertainty gone. The tune is quick and happy, and he chokes on the laughter that threatens to tumble out of his mouth. She stops after a moment, flushed and elated, and throws him a dazzling smile that shatters against the cold blank stare he's leveling her with. He watches her cave, her shoulders rolling inward hugging the thing - cello - in her arms like she's trying to protect it. He leaves without a word. That night he breaks up with Leevy. He tries to be gentle, explains that she deserves someone better than him, that she deserves a host of things he can't give her, but he thinks it would sound more genuine if he wasn't in such a rush to get the words out of his mouth. She's sad but there are no histrionics, and for that he's grateful. The next week he startles Madge on her way home from school and asks, "If the strawberries are for your mother, what do you like?" She jumps and stares at him clearly baffled. She had started to smile when she saw him in town, but after he stormed out of her room, she's avoided him and all the areas they used to run into each other. Now here he is again and she doesn't know what to say. "Well?" he prompts, and she stumbles to think of an answer. What does she like? "Blackberries?" she says hesitantly. It comes out like a question, like she's afraid there's a wrong answer. He nods thoughtful and then waits for her to say more. "And oranges," she adds. "I love the idea of fruit in the winter." He smiles. He learns she can play many instruments. The piano, where he watches her fingers fly across the keyboard like lightning, and the harp where the notes wash over him like rain. He knows she can play it, but never hears the clarinet. Every time she tries to, he touches her face and she breaks into a smile. "Stop it," she whispers, completely unable to infuse even an ounce of venom into her voice. "I can't play it unless I have a good seal." He buries his face in her hair and mutters there are other instruments she can play that he can help her keep a good seal on. She blushes and squirms but doesn't pull away and then she looks at him with those dewy eyes of hers and he thinks it will have to be soon. He's never been with a girl so long without being with her and he likes it like this, really. Especially for her, because it will have to be perfect, so perfect , but he's dying to feel those quick sure hands and that warm willing mouth on him. Soon. Not yet, but soon. By far his favorite instrument is her cello that he spends hours examining trying to find exactly how the trees he hides behind in the forest can become this thing capable of producing such joy. Then one day she sits him in her chair and before he can speak, she settles between his legs, the cello resting against her chest. And then she's playing and as he wraps his arms around her midsection he can feel the music surge through her like a river; powerful and cleansing. He whispers against her neck, begs for permission to taste her skin and she's barely nodded yes before they are tangle of limbs and the cello is almost broken in the temporary absence of thought. Soon, he thinks. This one will break him if he's not careful, but he doesn't care. He just wants , badly. Wants her to say he is hers, like she does her cello and her bow. It's mid summer and the Reaping will be in a few weeks, but he is light. This year will be Madge and Katniss' last and even though he will have to wait another four years for Prim and another decade before Posy is safe, he knows after this Reaping there will be very little to keep him from what he wants. Needs . He wanted to wait till after the Reaping, but last week she had been with him in the meadow, ranting spitefully about how much she hated her father's job and hated the Capital for the things they made him do, and that was it for him. It had to be now. He has on a shirt from his father, clean and not much worn, something that must have been a gift just before he died. His pants are patched, but done nicely and his boots are clean. Not that he's trying to impress her or anything but he wants it to be nice. He has a bucket of blackberries that he braved about a thousand chigger bites to get for her and a bottle of wine he won in a poker match. He's meeting her in the meadow, by the edge of the fence and he thinks, maybe, he'll take her to the forest tonight, to watch the sunset. He runs into Leevy of all people on the way. She's walking by the road leading away from the Hob. He nods to her and tries to think who she's been going around with these days. He thinks it's Thom, which is a good match in his opinion. She looks tired, he observes, as she gives him a pained smile and he wonders briefly if she's been ill. Just to be sure he calls out to her over his shoulder, "How ya been?" "Fine," she mumbles. Then she bursts into tears. He's not sure what he's supposed to do. Clearly she's not fine, but Madge is waiting for him and really where is Thom? Isn't it his job now to comfort his forlorn girlfriend? "What's wrong, Leevy? Should I get Thom?" he asks, hoping she says no. He doesn't want to look for Thom, but he doesn't want Leevy crying on his shoulder either. "Thom and I broke up," she sobs. Ah, he thinks. There were no tears when he broke up with her, so perhaps she was a little more invested this time. It would make sense. Thom has less siblings to provide for and could give her a better home. Poor Leevy. It's a shame it didn't work out. He opens his mouth to say something sympathetic when she blurts out, "I'm pregnant!" His mouth shuts with a snap. He can't believe Thom would leave her in this condition. He'll have to have a talk with him. "Leevy, don't worry. Thom may be freaking out but he's not gonna leave you high and dry, not once I've knocked some sense-" "It's not -we- I was never...like that...with him." Oh. OH. " Leevy ?" He chokes on her name. She's sobbing and babbling and he's trying to make sense of what she's saying. "I found out after you left and I was already with Thom and I thought it was for the best, but Thom wanted to take things slow - and I was starting to show and Thom found out and he said he likes you but not enough to raise your kid and my dad kicked me out and I don't know what to do! What do I do, Gale? What are we going to do?!" She wailing