AN: I wrote this story in about an hour, and I didn't go back through and revise it once. If there are errors, spelling or any other kind, I just missed them and am not going back through to change them. But I'm still publishing this because, even though it's a bit late, some things need to be written. The sky had turned gray, long before the events that had passed on the present day. Smoke billowed up from fires that dotted the landscape of downtown Manhattan. Mortals were passed out all over the city, in cars, in their homes, and in some cases just lying in the street. The best efforts had been made to avoid casualties, but nevertheless, they were inevitable. The ravages of battle shown clear, the surroundings of the major war zones would never be the same. Damages could be repaired, but the memories would never go away. Blood and gold dust pooled and piled everywhere. Weapons lay scattered on the ground, like fallen branches. Arrows like fallen leaves. Bodies lay where they died, because it just felt… wrong to move them. Percy picked his way through the wreckage in a haze, several people approached him, but their words were lost as he walked past. Each time his eyes saw a body, he closed them tightly shut and sped past. Not able to linger any longer. Prometheus had talked to him about hope. He had used it as a means to try and persuade him to surrender, and while it's original intention was unfulfilled, it was having an entirely different effect. An effect that was far more devastating. Hope was nearing its end, its pithos had appeared multiple times since it had been given to him. In the car with his mother and Paul, next to the bodies of dead demigods, sat just behind the most recent battle. Each time, Percy had left it there, hoping that it would somehow disappear. But it never did, it always came back. Because hope would never abandon humanity, though with the shape it was in, it probably should have left long ago. They had lost territory all the way back to a few blocks from the Empire State Building. The Party Ponies and the death of the drakon had spurred the moral of the fighters, but the deaths and the injuries had brought it back down once again. Will and his siblings worked furiously to take care of the wounded, and Thalia and Annabeth were desperately hammering out strategies with the other leaders to try and turn the tide of the war. But it was in vain, because though Hope maintained its presence, it's effect was no longer felt. And it was all his fault. He was the one in charge, people looked to him to guide them, and all he did was lead them to their deaths. He didn't deserve to lead. He didn't deserve to be the son of Poseidon, the one who would play a part in The Great Prophecy. He was unworthy of all of it. He felt a crushing depression with every thought he took, each new word created a new invisible lash on his back. He stopped walking, tears had made their way onto his face and slowly flowed down his cheeks. He wiped them away and took a deep breath. There was no one else around him. He had walked away from the main commotion. They didn't bother with guards anymore, everyone was staying as close to each other as possible. The strength in numbers method now being applied at a whole new level. Percy knew he could get back, but somehow he couldn't. Standing among the wreckage that dotted central park, something wouldn't let him leave. Hyperion's tree was visible through the canopy, and the gold monster dust of the monsters coated the trees and turned a small creek a dull, yet sparkly yellow. Percy followed the water, trying to ease himself with the partially serene surroundings. The tears had already stopped, as if his body realized it's wasting of precious water. The emotions however weren't gone, only temporarily appeased. He soon found himself at the foot of the huge Titan's tree. Now that it was no longer highly murderous, he found it a calming presence. Reminding him that they at least had the strength to do something. The grass grew tall around it's base, from which sprouted gnarled roots, which met with the trunk and supported the massive maple. The leaves blocking out the rolling gray clouds. He sat down on one of the roots, bringing his knees up to his head, he clutched at his skull. Praying and praying that his head would be clear. Though he didn't deserve the praise, people still depended on him. And a new feeling filled him, a determination that he would not let them down again. But that vibrant fire that so briefly filled him with that precious thing we call hope died out quickly, replaced with a blackened smoking ember. A shuddering breath followed, and the tears returned. Despite the strength of his training and the Achilles Curse, he was brought to his knees by a crippling emotion. Sadness, which worked it's terrible magic to snuff out hope. But in the embers, there was a small glow of red. And he opened his eyes, in front of him sat the pithos. He could feel hope stirring inside it. A soft hum emitted from it's interior. He reached out to touch it. "The sons of Poseidon were always more resilient to the charms that often burden humanity. It would be unwise of you to change that pattern, young Perseus." In a flash Percy was on his feet, Anaklusmos flaring out into it's beautiful and deadly form. Whirling on the speaker, he saw a sight that didn't line up with the realities that were supposed to be present. On the highest root of a tree, stood an old man. His hair snow white, contrasting sharply to the black coat, hat, and dark gray scarf that donned his tall, yet thin figure. He smiled gently and gestured for Percy to lower his sword. The young demigod began to put down the blade, before jerking it back into position. "Whoa, ok." he wiped his face on the sleeve of his jacket, careful not to catch his nose on any armor. "Who the Hades are you? A Titan?" The elderly man let out a small chuckle. "No, I am not a Titan. Nor am I a monster, before you ask. At least, not a monster of that sort." He took a few steps, careful not to stumble on the uneven ground. "You can put the sword down, Percy." Oddly enough, Percy was pretty sure that he could. He capped Riptide. "You never answered my question." He stated. The sort which demanded an answer. The man gave a sort of shrug, he stepped closer to Percy. Smiling gently he leaned down, and looked him dead in the eye. Percy didn't step back, he saw what the old man wanted him to see. His eyes were a vibrant sea green, just like Percy's own. Except unlike Percy's they were worn, tired, and aged. But the still held life, for in them Percy could see a spark of something. That something was hope. The man nodded to Percy's expression. "Hello, brother." He smiled, widely, full of happiness. Percy didn't say any words, but returned the hug when the old man tightly wrapped his arms around him. The strength in the frail frame came as a surprise, but it didn't bother him. Despite all that had happened in the last few days, he felt happiness, and, as silly as it may sound, a brotherhood of the sort that men always dreamed they would feel. The two separated, and the man clapped Percy's shoulders, still smiling. He then led him back to the tree and the two sat down, side by side. The old man took a deep breath. "This isn't the best time to discover a long lost relative." "No." Percy agreed. "You probably didn't even have any suspicion that you had a brother." "No, not really." Percy felt strange, having such a normal conversation. He was supposed to be in a war. He stared into the middle distance. "Why did Poseidon never mention you?" The old man considered his words a moment before speaking. "When the great prophecy was announced, it was decided that it was best for all remaining children of the big three to… disappear." He gestured slightly to himself. "And that was that.: Percy nodded slightly. "I guess that makes sense…" He left it at that. "You were about to release Hope." The non sequitur was fired directly at Percy, no questioning in his tone, just a direct statement. In a baritone voice that left no room for him to debate. Percy looked down. "Yes," the voice was quiet. "Yes, I did. I just wante-" The old man held up his hand, Percy's words died in his throat. There was no anger in his expression, no sadness, no disappointment. Only, in his eyes, an understanding, and once again, a small smile. "Hope always appears when her trustee is at their most fragile point. It's her way of attempting to comfort them. She appears as a reminder, but unfortunately, a reminder of two things. Of her existence, and that she could be lost at any time." Percy considered the words, he never quite thought of it that way. He voiced his opinion. "That's probably because of who told it to you." Percy wiped his head around, his eyes widened in surprise. "How?" "Only a Titan would play such a trick. No god would give you the pithos of Hope at a time like this. They have an almost unbearably large instinct of self preservation." The old man's lips turned upwards into another smile. "Well, a large instinct, anyway." Percy felt it made the most sense to nod. The old man leaned forward and took the pithos, placing it in his lap. His hands wandered over the patterns, feeling the texture of the pithos and the aura that Hope emitted. "Hope is weak," he said at last. "Compared to her normal strength." He put the pithos back where he took it from. "You must strengthen it." "How can I do that?" Percy asked, in a mixture of bitter sarcasm, and legitimate curiosity. And, dare he say it, a touch of hope. "Hope survives best at the Hearth." The old man said. The young demigod's brow furrowed. "You mean… the Hearth of Olympus?" The old man nodded. "Hestia will know what to do with it. Take it to her." Percy nodded numbly. That small piece of hope gaining strength. "It won't save Olympus though." He said. THe old man turned his head thoughtfully. "How much do you know about the first Titan war?" He asked. "Not much." Percy admitted. There had been history lessons at the camp. He never could get through them, he'd tried anyway. The old man seemed to expect the answer. "Let me tell you a story,: he said. "After Kronos was overthrown, there was resistance, from his siblings and allies. This was the first titan war. The fight between the gods and the rest of the Titans. At the time, no demigods yet existed in the world, so the gods had to do nearly all of the fighting on their own. They spent most of the war, backed up to Olympus' gates. Much like the case now. They fought, their backs pressed to the wall. But they kept fighting, do you know why?" Percy shook his head. The old man turned to face him more directly. "Because they had freedom to fight for. More than just power. They finally had a chance to be free. They had hope." With the last three worlds, he used his hand to punctuate each one. "They won because they were