Title: Taken, Fandom for Christy Carlisle out-take Author: Loopylou992 Rating: M Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters. No copyright infringement is intended. This is Carlisle's POV of some important chapters of my story, Taken. If you want to read, you can find it on Fanfiction & TWCS. This out-take covers events from Chapters 42 to 47. If you haven't already read Taken, you might want to start there. What would you do to keep those you loved safe and out of harm's way; how far would you be willing to go to protect those you hold closest to your heart, to stop them being hurt? Would you be prepared to lay your own life in order to protect them? Could you offer yourself in their place to a madman, hellbent on revenge for an injustice he believes inflicted on him? Would you lie to your son, your flesh and blood, to ensure his safety and possible freedom, all the time knowing it would come a hefty price, your own life. Would you be able to kill your own son? Or would it better to let him kill you, even though you know it would be the hardest thing he had ever done? These were the choices I was faced with when all seemed lost to me and there was no other way out of the hell we were both trapped inside. This is what happened, this is my story. Things were bad, worse than when Edward first went missing. Esme was frantic, practically tearing her hair out with concern. The first we knew about there being anything wrong was when Emmett called to say he was sending a couple of his guys over. I told him not to be so ridiculous, but something in his voice told me there was something seriously wrong. He promised to explain when he got here. I tried to remain calm, to keep Esme from noticing, but it was pointless. Emmett finally arrived, he looked worried, it was etched clearly on his face. "Son, what happened?" I ushered him inside, leading him into the lounge where Esme was waiting. He ran his hands through his hair. "I don't know what's going on, Edward called me to say I needed to get some guys over here and he would explain later, but then there was an incident at the Cultural Center and-" He paused to take a deep breath before continuing. "Have you heard from him at all?" I shook my head. "No. He was meeting Bella and taking her to dinner. What's going on, Emmett, you said there was an incident?" Emmett looked between Esme and myself, almost asking me if it was okay to continue. I nodded. "I don't know what happened exactly." He paused, almost as if he was debating how much else he should say. "I saw Bella being wheeled out on a gurney. Edward was nowhere to be seen." Esme let out a wail and I rushed to her side. My eyes stayed on Emmett, there was more he wasn't saying. "What are you keeping back?" He let out a deep sigh. "You want me to tell you?" His hand was rubbing the back of his neck, a habit which showed me how nervous he was about telling me more. I nodded. "Okay, When they brought her out of the building, they said she wasn't breathing. I followed as they took her to the ambulance, but I couldn't tell anymore. Edward was nowhere to be seen, nowhere. That was strange, so I called him. He was calm as he said he had to make this right. Then he hung up on me, I haven't been able to reach him since." I was on my feet, grabbing the phone from its cradle. My fingers dialled Edward's number, it went straight to voice mail. I left a brief message asking him to call me. Emmett looked at me. "It never rings, it goes straight to voice mail every time I've tried it. I don't know what to do. I mean, I can send some guys out to look for him, but I think something bad happened, and I have no idea where to start. I should've-" "Calm down, there is nothing you could've done to stop this. Things were always likely to get out of control." I don't believe for one minute that Edward would have done anything to harm Bella, she's his world, his reason for living, but right now there seemed to be no other answer. There was no time to discuss this as the doorbell rang; we all looked at each other, there was no way it would be Edward. I opened the door to be met by a stony-faced, middle-aged man, and a younger woman, "Carlisle Cullen?" As he addressed me, he produced a badge, showing me he was a detective. "I'm Detective Jackson, and this is my colleague, Detective Hurst. May we come inside?" I stepped aside, knowing there really was no choice. "Please, come into my study." I ushered them into the room, leaving Emmett and Esme in the family room. I knew they would want to know what was happening, and the detectives would also want to speak to them, but now I needed to manage the situation. We sat down, the detective's face was stern. "Have you heard from your son, Edward, today?" I took a deep breath. "No, I know he was going to meet his girlfriend tonight and take her out for dinner." I sighed deeply. "My other son, Emmett, has told us there has been an incident." The Detective Hurst interrupted. "Has he spoken to Edward?" There was no way I could lie. "Yes, he spoke to him briefly, but I don't know more than that. You will need to talk to him." "Oh, we shall." He confirmed. "I take it he is here with you? I saw some additional security outside, so I assume they are his staff?" I nodded, they clearly knew about Emmett's line of work. "He's in the lounge with my wife, she is obviously very upset after hearing what Emmett told us. "What was that?" "He said there was an incident at the Cultural Centre, he saw Bella being brought out and taken in an ambulance. Can you tell me what happened? Is she okay? The female leaned forward. "No, Miss Swan is critically ill, she was stabbed and we suspect Edward is responsible. He was seen with a weapon in his hand and fled when he was challenged." I was on my feet. "No! I don't believe he would do such a thing, he loves her. Edward would do anything for Bella." Emmett burst through the door, apparently alerted by my raised voice. "What's going on, Dad? Is everything okay?" He looked from me to the Detectives and back to me again. I could only shake my head. "No, things are far from okay. Go and sit with your mom, please, I will come through and explain." He nodded, closing the door behind him. Once the door was closed, I turned back to the detectives. "Bella, will she be okay?" "She is in surgery at the moment, her father is flying in to be with her, but he gave us permission to tell you what happened." I sigh. "Is there any chance you have got it wrong, that Edward is not involved?" "We can only tell you what we know, he was asked to surrender, but fled and we don't know his whereabouts. He is currently on the run. We need to speak to him, so if he calls you, please, don't hesitate to contact us. It's for the best that we do, so we can rule him out of the investigation." I didn't buy what they were telling me for one second, I knew when they found Edward he would be arrested and charged. They said he was standing over Bella's body, he was seen with a knife in his hand. As far as they would be concerned, it was an open and shut case. I knew my son a lot better than that, he loved Bella, there was simply no way he would harm a hair on her head. He would die himself before he hurt her, or allowed any harm to come to her. Hearing what he went through to keep her, and also us, safe, it told me there was more to this than immediately met the eye. I assured the detectives, should Edward contact me, I would let them know, but it wasn't enough. "We need to speak to both Mrs Cullen and your other son, Emmett." Detective Jackson pushed me. "No, not tonight. I have to go in there and tell her not only how Bella, the girl she looks on like a daughter, is critically injured, fighting for life, but how you think her boyfriend, our son, is the one who did it to her. Do you think she will be able to speak to you after hearing that? Really? The last few months have been stressful enough for all of us-" I stopped myself, realizing I had said something I shouldn't have done. Detective Jackson narrowed his eyes at me. "What do you mean, the last few months? Is there something you aren't telling us, Mr Cullen?" I opened my mouth to speak, unsure of what I would say; we never went to the Police over Edward going missing. Instead, we spoke off the record to Jacob and Sam. Of course, they couldn't find anything, but now we knew why. "Detective, I do believe my father asked you to leave." I turn to see Emmett standing next to me, his arms folded across his chest. "Mr Cullen, we mean no harm. But there are questions to be answered, while ever Edward is out there we won't get those answers. But it seems there is more to this than meets the eye." He looked to his partner who nodded slowly. Shit! This was not happening, they would ask too many questions if they found out Edward had been abducted and held prisoner by those madmen. Part of me thought it would be a blessing in disguise, they would see he was not a monster. I opened my mouth to speak, but Emmett held up a hand to stop me. "I want you to leave, or do I have to make a call to get you removed?" The look on his face told me he was serious, I didn't know if he meant calling someone more senior or his own men. Detective Jackson smiled. "Okay, okay. I get the hint. We will leave for now, but we will be back to ask some further questions. I trust you will all fully co-operate." I nodded at him, watching as Emmett led them to the door. Once it closed he turned to me, I could see a mixture of anger and frustration in his eyes. "Geez, Dad, what were you going to do, tell them everything? That would open a whole can of worms we would never be able to put the lid back on. We need to find Edward, he has to be our priority. They couldn't come back here without valid reason, and questioning you and mom about his whereabouts when you have already said you don't know where he is, does not count as a valid reason." He sighed, running his hands through his hair. I understood what he was saying, but there had been too many secrets in this family lately, they threatened to tear us apart."We should tell them everything, they need to know what happened to him. It will help them see he isn't capable of doing such a thing to Bella, that he wanted to get back to her." Emmett laughed darkly. "Oh, and let's not forget the fact that he took part in a range of illegal fights, possibly killed people,