Disclaimer : I do not own Twilight or any of these characters. No copyright infringement is intended. It was a cold, dark night. There was a feeling of snow in the air, yet here I was standing at the side of my broken down car with no jacket and a dead cell phone. I knew I should've picked up my coat when I stormed out of the house and I thought my cell phone battery was charged, but clearly it wasn't. Shit! No-one knew I where I was, and I doubted they cared. We'd had an argument after which I stormed out of the house like a petulant child and spent a couple of hours driving around while I calmed down. I couldn't even tell you what the row was about, not that it mattered now. Not one car passed in the thirty minutes I'd been standing here already. You would think with this being the main route out of Port Angeles and down the coast to my home town and several others someone would have driven past by now, but no. I knew there were no pay phones in the area either, it was too remote for them. If no one drove by soon, I would have to admit defeat and sleep in the back of the car and pray the temperature didn't drop too low. Leaning against the hood, I looked at the stars, sending up a silent request for someone, anyone to rescue me. Then, almost as it they were listening to me, I saw headlights illuminate the road as they drove toward me. Grabbing my rucksack from the passenger seat, I slung it over my shoulder and stood at the side of the road where I waved my arms to get their attention, not that they could miss me standing here in the middle of nowhere. I wondered in the back of my mind if I was the person in the car, would I stop on a deserted stretch of road to pick up someone up this late at night? If I were honest, I probably wouldn't. So I was surprised when the car approaching me slowed down. The headlights were blinding me, causing me to shield my eyes with my hand. The car was dark in color and looked to be a fancy one, although from the side it was hard to tell. The window slowly lowered and I bent down to speak to the driver. I was pleasantly surprised to see there was an attractive, dark haired man sitting in the driver's seat and he was smiling at me. "You having a problem?" He motioned to where my car was parked. "Yeah, don't know what's wrong with it, but it seems like a lost cause. I pulled my cell phone out from my pocket and waved it at him. "Battery is dead, so I can't even call for help. Not that anyone would come." "That doesn't sound good. So you're telling me, no-one is waiting at home for you, worried about where you are? He seemed concerned. "I don't know if he even knows I've not come back home. We had an argument, it was silly, nothing important," I mumbled in response, hoping it would be enough. "No worries, I didn't mean to pry." There was a pause before his tone changed to a lighter one. "Where you headed?" "Forks." I smiled, hoping he was going that way and I wouldn't just find myself stranded once again in the middle of nowhere. "Hop in, that's where I'm headed." He leaned over and opened the door and with only a moments hesitation, I climbed inside. The car was warm and I was grateful for such a small mercy. Once we set off, I could feel his eyes on me. "Feeling better?" He asked. "Yes, thanks." I wasn't sure what else to say. Suddenly I became very aware of the fact I was in a car with someone I didn't know. He could be a serial killer, anything, and no one would ever see me again. Shit, I really hadn't thought this through. "Look, if this puts you out at all—" "It's no bother at all. I'm Carlisle Cullen." He held his hand out to me, leaving one on the steering wheel of what I now knew to be a Mercedes Benz. I took it, noting his grip was firm. "Edward, Edward Masen." "Nice to meet you Edward. So, you lived in Forks long? I don't think I've seen you around town." "No, I'm new around here." I wondered if he really hadn't seen me around. "The people seem friendly enough." "Yeah, they are, although being an outsider myself, I still think they see me as someone not to be trusted." He chuckled as he spoke. I nodded in response, knowing the feeling all too well. I looked out of the window, not wanting to continue this conversation and get into the details with this stranger. The trees lining the Pacific Highway passed by, a dark corridor which would eventually lead to a small town I called home and I would be able to get warm. Without realizing, I must've shivered as Carlisle turned the heating up and I was grateful for it and I smiled at him. I noticed he stared at me for a little longer than was necessary, there was a smile on his lips as he turned his attention back to the road. I couldn't help but notice he shifted slightly in his seat, almost as if he needed to get comfortable. "So, what brings you out here at this time of night?" I was curious and conversation seemed to be a good way to fill the drive home. He paused for a moment before answering me and I wondered if he was thinking too much about his reply, maybe preparing to lie to me. "I was working late in Port Angeles and was just headed home." "What do you do for a living?" I was determined to push him and see if he was telling me the truth. "I'm a Doctor and was needed to cover a case." He motioned to the back seat and when I followed his eyes I could see a white Doctor's coat. It seemed to be plausible. "Does your wife not mind you being out late like this?" I motioned with my eyes to the wedding band adorning his left hand, and he quickly moved it out of sight. "There is no wife waiting at home for me." He answered almost too quickly. "Oh." I didn't know what to say, so I decided to change the subject. "I will have to find a way to return this favor." He looked at me confused so I explained. "The lift back to Forks." "There really is no need." He smiled. I nodded at him, then I turned my attention back to the view from the window. I was lost in my thoughts when I felt a hand brush against my leg. I spun around in my seat, backing up against the door as I saw his hand rubbing up and down my thigh. "What are you doing!" I exclaimed. He smiled at me. "You wanted to find a way to repay me." There was a long pause before he spoke in a low voice. "Don't tell me you don't like it. I can tell you do." I squirmed in my seat, trying desperately to calm myself down, but knowing it was no use. The touch of his hand on my leg sent shock waves through my entire body and my cock began to stir, unaware now was neither the time or place for itself to make itself known. "No, I don't like it," I muttered, but what I wanted to say was 'I love it. I want you to run your hands all over me,' but I couldn't. It wouldn't be right, I didn't know him. "Liar." He spat at me. Then his hand brushed over my groin and I had to stare out of the window while I desperately bit my lip to stop the moan from escaping. His touch became more insistent with each brush against it. It was hard not to react, and I found myself squirming in my seat. "You want me, Edward, even if you won't admit it. I know what you want from me, and that's for me to pull the car over someone quiet and fuck you hard." He pulled his hand away. "But you need to tell me you want it from me." I immediately felt the loss of his touch, it was too much for me to take in and the moan I'd been holding back, escaped as I turned to him. My eyes staring at his profile, lit only by the light emitted by the dashboard as he kept his gaze firmly on the road before us. My hand reached out to touch him, to try and regain some form of contact. But questions flooded my mind, did I want this? Was this the right thing to do? Would this be a mistake? I didn't wait for my poor, confused brain to reach any conclusions before I made contact with him. My body clearly knew what it wanted even if my mind was still a little slow on the uptake. My fingers splayed out across his thigh, I was unsure at first, afraid he might react negatively. I watched carefully for any sign from him, but none came. My hand began to move across the rough denim of his jeans, edging closer and closer to his groin. I watched as he shifted in his seat, his hands gripping tighter on the wheel as his erection began to strain in earnest against his zipper. I smiled and he turned to face me, the need was evident on his face. "I want you." Was all he could say. My reply was every bit as simple. "I know." I replied with a smile. I rubbed my hand over his crotch, feeling how hard he was for me, and wondered exactly how big he was and what he would feel like inside me. The car was filled with only the sounds of his moaning, but his eyes never left the road, which in itself was some achievement in my eyes. I fumbled with his belt and zipper, and when I finally got them to open, my hand slid inside his shorts. I took hold of his length in my hand as I pulled him free from the confines of his shorts, he let out a sharp gasp at the same time I did, but for very different reasons. He was surprisingly long and thick in my hand, I guessed from the size of my hand, he was around eight inches and I didn't even want to think about his girth other than how it would feel inside me, that made me squirm in my seat. There was tension in the air, it was thick and filled the space in between us, I didn't feel the need to speak to him. My mind was still trying to make sense of what was happening, I wasn't one for random sex and meaningless hookups, but would this really hurt? No-one needed to know about this and I was damn sure with his position he wouldn't be sharing the fact he picked up a random man on the highway and had sex with him in return for a ride back to town. I paused for a moment, and he turned to me. "Changed your mind?" He raised a brow at me. "I can always drop you here. I'm pretty sure you will make it back to town in a few hours, if you don't freeze to death first." "You don't actually leave me a lot of choice, do you?" I retorted. He smiled at me. "There is always a choice, Edward. It's just down to you