Disclaimer: I do not own any of these characters and no copyright infringement is intended. Life had been slowly getting back to normal in the six months I had been free from the grip of that monster. It gave me some comfort, knowing he was facing serious charges and would never be free again. It was reassuring, but I still expected the worst to happen. Laurent assured me Bella and I were safe, but as much as I trusted him there was still that nagging doubt had settled itself in the back of my mind and taken root there, growing stronger with each day. Because of this, I'd hardly left the apartment lately. I insisted when Bella went anywhere she took one of Emmett's guys with her. She hated it, telling me I was treating her like a child, but deep down I knew she understood my intentions came from a place of love. If I was honest, I was terrified of losing her. I suffered from night terrors. Waking up screaming in the middle of the night, my body covered in a soft sheen of sweat, my chest heaving while my heart pounded like a jackhammer. The sights I saw during these events, even though not real, terrified me. They varied from seeing my father's lifeless body laying at my feet, following us fighting while a crowd bayed for pouring from the wounds I'd inflicted. In others I was fighting for my life against a faceless stranger, before finally being overcome by their superior strength. My life ending as my head twisted to the side as he snapped my neck like a twig as my lifeless body slumped to the ground. Bella was there for me every step of the way. She held me tightly while I sobbed uncontrollably in her arms, gasping desperately for breath. She always told me it was going to be okay, how she loved me no matter what. I never understood quite how she could still love me, given the fact I was clearly some kind of monster, but she did. Her love for me was a candle in the darkest of days and nights, she was a beacon of hope guiding me home. The date was set for Aro's trial it was three weeks from now. I was set to be a witness, which I wasn't looking forward to. The thought of being anywhere near that monster made my blood run cold. Knowing I would have to face him in an open courtroom after everything he'd done to me. I'd been working with a therapist, focusing on coping techniques in readiness. I was afraid I'd break down on the stand at the mere sight of him. I also knew he had to be locked up, away from society for the rest of his miserable life and I would be instrumental in that. He'd taken me to hell and back and enjoyed every single moment of it. His grand finale was when tried to force me to kill my own father, to my great shame, I almost did. How Carlisle had forgiven me for that, was beyond me. The love and compassion he showed me was unquestioning and unreserved. I would never be able to thank him for it as long as I lived. My family never spoke of those dark days, even though it was like having a huge pink elephant in the room at times. Occasionally Carlisle would wince when he got up too quickly, and I knew it was from the beating either I, or Aro's thugs handed down to him. Either way, it was my fault. It took some time, but finally they stopped looking at me with pity and started treating me like a man again. I was damn sure Bella had something to do I with that, but she never said anything to me. Another way she supported me. Tonight was a big night for us, it was Esme's birthday. She'd booked a table for the whole family to have dinner together. I tried to get out of it, saying I wasn't sure we'd be able to make it, but she simply gave me her well practiced 'mom look', and I backed down and agreed instantly. Even though my heart really wasn't in it, there was no point fighting her. This is how we found ourselves dressed up for a night out. It felt strange wearing something other than sweats and t-shirt, my recent clothing of choice, but I had to make the effort. Bella had encouraged me and after we'd talked things through we decided to go the lake house for a few days straight afterwards. It was strange as so much happened there, I was worried it would bring back those bad memories. I'd told Bella and my family the truth while there last time. But, given the fact Bella and I saved and strengthened our relationship there, it felt right to go there, just us two. In the back of my mind, I knew what I wanted to do next, I wanted to ask her to marry me, to spend the rest of her life with me. Not because I was broken and she was the glue holding my fragile psyche together like so many would think, but because I loved her and never wanted to let her go. If the nightmare I'd endured had taught me anything, it was that. All the way through dinner, I was on edge and physically flinched everytime someone came near the table. I didn't know what I was expecting to happen. I mean it wasn't like someone was going to come in and abduct me out of a crowded restaurant, but then again I hadn't expected to be snatched off the street It was just all part of the PTSD my therapist said I would experience for some time. No matter how irrational I knew these fears to be, I still felt that something could easily happen. Being around large groups of people I didn't know made me even more nervous, plus I didn't want to let Bella out of my sight. Ever since the day I thought she'd died at the cultural center at the hands of James, I couldn't bear the thought of losing her. It was nearly enough to push me over the edge of my already frayed sanity. I wouldn't survive if anything happened to her. I freaked out when Bella went to the restroom and was gone for too long, I went to find her in a blind panic. Not realizing I was being followed by my brother, Emmett. He scared me half to death when he placed his hand on my shoulder just outside the restrooms. I panicked, despite his larger build I turned around and pinned him to the wall with my arm across his neck. "Holy shit bro." He gasped. I could see the concern in his eyes and I moved my arm, feeling sick at how easily I had turned on someone I cared for. I dashed into the bathroom before locking a stall door behind me. As I stood there with my back pressed against it, my breathing was heavy. I heard the main door open and knew it was Emmett following me. "Edward?" He called out. "Look man, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to startle you." I slid down the door ending up sitting on the floor, my back still firmly pressed against the door, head resting against my knees. "Go away." I uttered. "No. Not this time," he replied in a soft and gentle voice. "Talk to me, I'm here for you." I couldn't speak, words stuck in my throat. How could I tell him of the terror that had spiked in me when he touched me, how I feared, maybe irrationally that it was someone coming to take me away again. "Do you want me to get mom or dad?" "No! Please Emmett, just leave me alone, I'm okay." I lied. I heard a snort from the other side of the door. "Yeah, right, and I'm a prima ballerina. Look, Edward, you're not fine and I want to help. I know you're struggling with what happened, hell, anyone would be after going through what you did. But you're safe now. He's locked up and so are his cronies. No one is gonna hurt you, or Bella. Not if I have anything to do with it. Paul said there's been nothing out of the ordinary happen around Bella. Things are okay, if someone was going to come after you, either of you, they would've made a move by now with the trial looming." Even though he kept his voice low, I could hear how hard it was for him to keep calm. Bella being hurt at the hands of James infuriated him. He loved her like a sister, and told me he wished James was alive, purely so he could rip him limb from limb for what he'd done. How he managed to keep his calm with me after what I did to Carlisle was beyond me. It was like no one blamed me, they understood on a level I didn't, I did what I had to survive. Of course, Esme was seriously pissed at Carlisle for goading me like he had done while we were both facing death at the hands of that monster. Deep down I knew she was relieved he was okay and were both safe. A soft knock came on the door, "Edward, are you okay in there? Talk to me." I then realized I'd zoned out, retreating into my own world. As I heard more concerned voices, and they were told to leave by Emmett. Then came the one voice who would always be able to reach and ground me pulling me back from wherever I retreated to. The woman I loved more than my own life, and who I would do anything to protect. Bella. "Edward, open the door, please? Let me in baby. It's only me and Emmett. You're safe, I promise, I won't let anyone hurt you." Slowly I got to my feet and slid the bolt back on the door before opening it and coming face to face with Bella. There was a look of anguish on her face, it broke me knowing I'd put it there. I opened my arms to embrace her, knowing only her touch would make it all okay. She stepped to me and I wrapped them around her, holding her to me as if that action alone could keep her safe. I knew it couldn't, but right now it was all I had. "It's okay baby, I'm here." She whispered against my chest as she tucked her head beneath my chin. Only when I spoke did I realize I'd been crying. "You were gone for so long, I thought..." The words refused to come out of my mouth, I was afraid to give them form. "I'm sorry baby, I bumped into Angela from work. We got chatting in the ladies room, I didn't realize we'd been so long until Esme came in looking for me. I'm sorry," The words were rushed as she tried to reassure me. "You're safe, that's all that matters." I croaked out. My eyes found Emmett's, he was standing, watching our embrace and looked uncomfortable, I smiled at him in an attempt to let him know everything was okay. He got the message and motioned to the door, indicating he would be outside, I nodded. We stood there, holding one another, not wanting to break contact, or end the moment. All that mattered was Bella was okay, she was in my arms where she belonged. After a few minutes I pulled away. "We should go back, I think I scared them.". Bella smiled at me, "You did, I'm also thinking Emmett got a shock. He said you pinned him against the wall. He sounded quite impressed you managed