Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight or any of these characters. No copyright infringement is intended. Edward has been different lately, confident and happy. I had no idea what brought about such a marked change in my son, but I liked it. Esme noticed too and questioned if there was a girl behind the smiles. I told her not to question it, just to leave him be, and despite the fact that she was itching to ask him, she didn't question him. I did wonder if something was happening between Edward and Bella as they were spending a lot of time together as he was helping her with her schoolwork so maybe she was responsible for the change in my son. Whatever was happening to him, I was pleased that he was so happy. I worried about him, he was studious and wanted to follow me into the medical profession. I just wanted him to be happy in whatever career he chose. Edward had been to the winter formal dance at school last night, he seemed to buzz with excitement as he left, he was not the only one though, Esme was vibrating with excitement at seeing her son going to the event all dressed up in a tuxedo. Once he had left, she wiped away tears of joy from her eyes as I held her in my arms. She had hoped to find out if he had a date, but I warned her not to. Our son would only confide in us when he was ready. Esme got slightly worried when Edward called telling her that the dance was a wash out and he was at Jake's. I told her not to worry and that they would probably have more fun there than at a stuffy dance knowing those two boys. Just as we went to bed, I surprised her, pulling an envelope out from the drawer in my bedside table. I smiled as she pulled the contents out. Box seats to see Madam Butterfly, dinner at Rays Boathouse and as much shopping as she could manage. She gasped. "Carlisle! What have I done to deserve this?" I kissed her forehead. "Nothing, other than just being the woman that I love." Her eyes misted over. "Oh Carlisle." "Don't cry. I just wanted to spoil you. We can set off early and you can do some shopping." She threw her arms around me, and I in turn had mine around her. There was nothing that I wouldn't do for my wife, she was everything to me. The night I booked at The Monaco Hotel would just complete the day. I had packed her small overnight bag already and stowed it in the trunk of my car. We left the next morning, leaving a note on the fridge for Edward to find. Edward, We have gone out to Seattle shopping and catching a show so will be back very late. Don't wait up! Love Mom & Dad x x I planned to call him later to say that we would be away overnight as I wanted to surprise Esme. The day we spent together was fantastic. Just spending quality time with my wife, indulging her as she shopped to her heart's content. There was, of course, a fresh set of tears when I told her that we were staying over, followed by the promise of a night I wouldn't forget for a long time. If only we knew how true that promise would be, but not in the way either of us expected. I called Edward, not getting any response from his cell phone I ended up leaving a message on the answering machine at home, full sure that he was still at Jake's enjoying some time with his friend or maybe planning a boy's night in without us there to supervise. Dinner was amazing as was the performance. I was on my way to the bar at the interval to pick up the champagne that I had ordered for us and was on my way back to our private box with it when my cell phone vibrated in my jacket pocket. I had no free hand to answer so figured that I would check the number when I got a second. Upon opening the door to the box, I saw Esme was on her feet with her cell phone to her ear. She turned as he heard me, a look of panic written across her face. "Esme, what's wrong?" I placed the champagne and glasses on the table, my hands taking firm hold of her arms as she stared at me, her eyes filling with tears. She didn't answer me, but started to mutter. "No, no, no." She began to shake in my arms. My eyes darted to the phone on the floor, the call was still connected and I could see Jake's name of the screen. I freed one hand to reach down and pick it up as I brought it to my ear I could hear Jake talking. "Esme? Esme? Mrs Cullen?" Then he was talking to someone else. "I can't hear her. Shit! I knew I shoulda spoken to Carlisle first." I wondered why he was calling, and what he had said to Esme to reduce my wife to hysterical tears. "Jake, it's Carlisle." Taking a breath, my eyes remained firmly on Esme as she clung onto me. "Shit Carlisle! Sorry, I didn't mean to swear. I didn't know what to do, I tried to call you, but you didn't answer." He blurted the words out in a rush. "It's Edward, there's been an accident, well, I think it's an accident. I don't know what happened, he's at the hospital." I felt like someone had punched me in the gut. This was my son, our son, and here I was being told that there had been an accident and he was in the hospital. Had Jake told Esme this? It would explain her current state of distress. I pulled myself together and attempted to take control of the situation. "Which one Jake?" "Forks General. I'm sorry Carlisle there was nothing that I could do, we found him on-" I cut him off, not wanting to hear the details right now, knowing that we would have a long drive back to Forks ahead of us. "Jake, thank you for letting me know. We will be leaving now and will go straight to the hospital. I'll call you when we get closer. Thank you." I ended the call, I moved Esme to the seat and knelt down before her. "Esme, we need to leave and go home. Did Jake tell you what happened?" She nodded slowly, tears streaming down her face. A bell rang out signaling the end of the interval. One of the theatre attendants put her head around the door, taking in the sight before her I could tell that she was confused. "Sorry sir, but the second half is about to start." I stood, leaving Esme in her seat, and spoke to the attendant. "We won't be staying I'm afraid. We have a family emergency, we need to leave, now. Can you call us a cab? We are staying at the Monaco." Her face fell as she realized what I had said. "Of course sir. I will be waiting for you in the foyer." With that she left. Returning to Esme, I took her hand and spoke in a low voice. "It's okay, we have a cab on its way. We will be home soon, I promise." As I led her on slightly shaky feet down the grand staircase of the Opera House, my cell phone rang again. I expected it be Jake again, but when I saw the number, my heart sank it was the hospital. I wanted to answer it, but right now Esme was my main concern. Edward would be in the safe hands of the team at the hospital and there was nothing that I could do. Once we reached the hotel I escorted Esme to our room, she was still upset, but set about packing our bags, it was like she needed something to focus on. I assured her that I would be waiting in the lobby for her and that I would check us out so we would be quickly on our way home. I also used this time to call the hospital. I spoke to Dr Gerandy, he told me that Edward was listed as critical but stable. Currently, he was unconscious and under constant observation. I thanked him and said that we would be there as quickly as possible. The drive back to Forks was thankfully trouble free, I really didn't expect to encounter much traffic this late at night and found myself speeding a little over the limit to reach our son. Esme was staring out of the window in the night, tears falling down her face. Nothing I could say would make this better, we both wanted to get to our son. As we pulled into the parking lot of the hospital, I parked my car in front of the ER, leading my wife inside ignoring the knowing looks from my colleagues. No one spoke to me as I made my way to where I knew Edward would be treated. Esme wanted to go inside and see her son, how could I deny her that? The least I could do was try and prepare her for what she might see. Placing my hands on her shoulders, turning her toward me, I spoke while looking straight into her eyes. "Esme, this is not going to be easy. Edward is going to be in there, hooked up to a lot of machines. It's going to look worse than it is, there will probably be machines to help him breathe. Don't expect him to be awake, he'll look like he's asleep." She let out a sob and I pulled her to me, kissing the top of her head as I muttered into her hair. "I'll be with you every step of the way. Right by your side." She pushed me away, wiping tears from her eyes as she nodded, indicating that she was ready to go inside the room. With no sign of Tom, I decided that we should step inside. As we entered the room, I take in the sight before me, in all my years I had never felt so useless when faced with a patient. Then again, I had never been faced with my own child lying unconscious on the bed before me, barely clinging to life. I tried to regain my composure, taking hold of the folder which hung from the end of his bed that would tell me how my son was. The Doctor in me took over as I flicked through his charts reading the information before me. "Hmm. Vitals are steady; there is nothing to worry about there. But he is still unconscious. Let me call the consultant and see what he has to say." I turned and left the room, needing to get out of there. I thought that I would be able to cope, but seeing him lying there broke my heart. Pulling my cell phone from my pocket I called Tom and let him know that we were here. He promised to come straight down to see me. I waited, watching through the pane of glass in the door as Esme reached out and brushed Edward's hair from his face before she kissed his forehead. I knew that she was talking to him, but I couldn't hear what she was saying. Putting on my brave facade, I quietly let myself back into the room and heard Esme sobbing. Immediately I went to her. "Sssshh, Esme. Don't cry darling, he will be okay. I am sure of it. Come here." She turned to me, pressing her face into my chest, muffling her sobs. All I could do was try to