Prologue Rosalie Hale THE SCENT OF BLOOD HIT MY NOSTRILS, AND I SKIDDED TO A HALT. Emmett crashed into me a half second later—obviously not watching where he was going— and laughed as we both fell to the ground, but I pushed him off. "What's wrong, Rose?" He asked, the smile falling off his face when he saw the look on mine. I sniffed the air again. "There's someone out here," I said. "I can smell blood, and it's fresh." He sniffed, too, and frowned. "Someone hunting, maybe," he said. "Or hiking. Not a very smart idea at this time of year, what with the bears and all, but you never know." I froze suddenly. The wind was quiet now, and I could hear something out of place in the distance. It was very faint, but I still heard it. It was a sound I would know anywhere, from any distance. It was the sound of a baby crying. Emmett must have heard it the same time I did, but he was a second too late. I was already running. "Rose, no!" He yelled, voice carrying through the woods. But he must have known he was too late to stop me. I had never been the fastest runner, but I was pretty sure that, in my hurry to get to the crying child, I could've beat Edward in a race. My legs were running purely on instinct, and I didn't even pay attention to where I was going, my nose leading me to where I needed to go. The only thing that mattered was finding the child that probably needed my help. My feet took me to a small trail, where there was a picnic blanket lying crumpled on the ground, next to a red cooler that had been tipped over. There were two backpacks and empty water bottles, apple cores, and zip-lock baggies. Emmett had been right about someone hiking. They must have stopped for lunch when whatever happened… happened. There was a lot of blood, too, covering the blanket. It'd been splashed against the side of the cooler, and then… then it made a trail, towards a small tree a few feet away. A body was lying against the tree trunk, mangled and bloody. I walked over to it, a sick feeling in my stomach. The sight of the body was horrible. Long gash marks across its face, which I could tell was male, and blood soaking the chest. There was a wallet a few inches away from me, and it had probably fallen out of his pocket. It certainly looked like he had been attacked by a bear. I picked up the wallet, flipped it open, and peered at the driver's license. Joshua Carter, it read, followed by a birth date. I heard Emmett approach before I saw him, and looked up. There was a question in his eyes. "It was a bear attack," I confirmed. "At least a minute ago. Two, at the most. We just missed it." He nodded, swallowing. I knew he was remembering when I had saved him from that bear. "With any luck, we'll catch it before we go home. Did you find the child?" He asked me. I shook my head, but looked towards the bushes, where it was clear someone had dragged themselves over. They were probably hiding in there now. Waiting until it was safe, or too injured too move. I'd bet the latter. Emmett understood what it meant, because he started to go towards it, but I shook my head. "I'll go first," I said, keeping my voice low so that no human would hear it. "Then you follow." He hesitated, but nodded, and I walked over to the bushes. My footsteps were soundless, so when I peeked over the bush, the small boy sitting there gave a terrified squeak. He looked unharmed, but his blue eyes were wide with fear, and he was sitting next to a body. There was blood on his shirt. My heart broke for this little boy, who was so small that he could only be about two-years-old. I. I had no idea what he'd seen, but I know it must have been terrible. "H-help," the boy whispered. "Momma. Momma hurt." I swallowed. "It's okay," I told him soothingly. "You're okay now." Emmett joined me, and the boy looked even more terrified, and looked to me, like he was asking me if it was safe. I nodded. We went around the bushes, and I found the source of the crying. The boy wasn't alone. Lying on a small blanket next to him was a small baby girl, probably only months old, with dark curly hair. She was sucking on a pacifier, her cheeks red. "Are you hurt?" Emmett asked him. The boy shook his head. "N-no, Momma… Momma hurt…" he said. A hand grabbed my wrist, just as I reached for the baby, and I looked down. It was his mother, who I'd assumed to be dead. I quickly assessed her, and saw that she had been badly hurt. She was barely clinging to life, and probably only had minutes left. "Please," she whispered. She reminded me of Bella, when she had been pregnant with Renesmee. Her eyes were filled with the same determination. "Please… take… my babies," she whispered. "W-we were all t-they had." I understood what she meant. Her children would be orphans when she died. "Emmett, take them back to the house, and get Carlisle," I said. He nodded, and picked the boy up from the ground. I handed him the baby. "No!" He protested, tears running down his cheeks. He struggled to get free, but his effort was wasted. "Momma!" "It's okay," his mother said. Her voice was so weak it was barely a whisper. He stopped struggling, and Emmett looked at me, hesitating, and then left. I turned back to the mother. "What happened to you?" I asked her quietly. "Try not to use too many words, if you can manage it. You need to keep your strength." The woman looked determined to hang on, as long as possible, for her children. "Bear," she murmured. "A bear attacked you? And your husband?" I asked. She nodded, weakly. I could hear her heart beating, and each one was slower than the last. "Please… Xander, Emmaleah. You… take… them. They're… yours… now," she gasped, gripping my hand with what little strength she had left. "I will, I promise," I said. And then, with a last breath, her heartbeats came to a halting stop, and the woman's brown eyes looked blankly up at me. She was gone. I let out a breath I hadn't realized I'd been holding, and leaned forward to close her eyes. I heard Carlisle and Edward's footsteps approaching, and I turned to see them coming toward me. Carlisle had his medical box with him. "What happened?" He asked. "The couple were attacked by a bear," I said. "I think her husband distracted it, so she could take the children, and then she was attacked, too. She crawled over here, and waited until Emmett and I found her. Then she died. I couldn't save her. There was too much blood." Carlisle nodded, closed his eyes for a moment, and then opened them again. "And the children? Did you get their names?" He asked. I nodded. "The boy is named Xander, and the girl is Emmaleah," I said. "She told me, to take care of them. She said they have no other family, and that they're mine now. I promised her I would take care of them." "Then they're yours," he said. "We couldn't abandon them, and they're too young to tell our secret." "Exactly," I said. "Besides, I refuse to break my promise." He smiled. "And anyway, if you didn't take them, Esme probably would," Edward said, speaking for the first time. Carlisle agreed, and they left to take the bodies back to the house. After I picked up the blanket, their backpacks, and cooler, I followed the human scent down to a car at the end of the trail, hoping to find some information that would tell me who the babies' were. L Luckily, their mother had their birth certificates in their diaper bags, which were in the front seat, and my estimation of their ages had been right. Emmaleah had just turned six months, and Xander was two. Their mother's name was Sofia. I looked through Sofia's purse, and found a black notebook filled with information. She was one of those parents who liked to record everything, which, in this case, was a good thing. According to her notebook, they'd been on their way to Vancouver for vacation, but Xander had a stomach ache earlier that day, so they'd decided to take a break from driving. It was all I could find, but it was good enough. I guessed that they'd heard about the trails, decided to check them out and have a picnic. It was possible, although it wasn't exactly a good idea. When I was done, I drove the car back to the house, parked it in the garage, and went inside. In the living room, I found Esme holding Emmaleah on her lap. When she saw me, the infant held her arms out, and I smiled, picking her up. She buried her face in my shoulder. "Someone's claimed you already," Esme said, laughing. "Carlisle says her name is Emmaleah?" "Yes," I said, sitting in the chair across from her. I set Emmaleah on my knee, and she began to babble, holding onto my fingers. "Her mother had both birth certificates in the car. Her full name, according to her birth certificate, is Emmaleah Sofia, and she just turned six months a few weeks ago." "It's a good thing we kept all of Renesmee's baby stuff, then," said Alice, entering the room with a bottle in hand. "At least she'll stay in the same size long enough to wear things more than once." She handed me the bottle, and I pulled Emmaleah into my arms. At first, she protested, but when I gave her the bottle, she sucked greedily. I had a feeling she was starving. Who knew how long it had been since she had eaten? Just then, Xander came skipping into the room, Emmett following behind him. Xander was wearing a T-shirt that was so big on him it was practically a dress, even though I could tell it was being held back by pins, and there was icing all over his face. He bounced over when he spotted me. "Rosie!" He exclaimed happily. "Em says me and Emmy are gonna stay wif you. Can we stay wif you, Rosie? I smiled at him. "Of course you can," I said. "I would like that very much." "Yay!" He said, and then he frowned. "Is Mommy and Daddy gonna come pick us up soon, Rosie?" The smile fell off my face, and I shook my head. "No, sweetheart," I told him. "Mommy and Daddy are going to live with the angels. Your Mommy says I get to take care of you and Emmy now." He looked confused. "Momma and Daddy went away?" He asked. I nodded. "Yes," I said. For a minute, he was quiet. I wondered if he would start crying. But he didn't. Instead, he took a deep breath and nodded. "Rosie, is you and Em gonna be my Mommy and Daddy now?" He asked. I didn't know how to answer. I hadn't been expecting that question. Thankfully, Emmett saved me from answering. "You don't have to call us Mommy and Daddy, if you don't want to," he said. "You can call us Uncle Emmett and Aunt Rosie for now, if you want." Xander nodded. "Okay," he said. There was silence for a minute, until Emmaleah spit out her bottle, and burped, rather loudly for a baby, I thought. Emmett burst into laughter. Esme and I stared at her, amazed. Emmett