Summary - After looking for ages, Death has finally found his master, living as a mortal in a mortal world. He thinks that his days of doing paperwork are finally over. Unfortunately for him, his master has forgotten what it means to be a Master of Death. In a last attempt to make his Master remember everything he forces his master to live another life and collect three objects which might restore His memories. PROLOGUE where Death finds his Master. Normally, when people die, they die. It is supposed to be something final; eternal sleep from which you don't get to wake up. May be you enter a Heaven or Hell depending on what you did in your life or you forget everything that happened and you start another life. If some of the fanfic enthusiasts are to be believed you might even be born with all your memories intact in to one of your favorite or not-a-favorite fandom. As far as I knew, I was a normal person. I did have an unhealthy interest in certain shows, animes, movies, but then I knew people who were far more obsessed than I was. But if anyone did end up summarizing my life it would have been normal. As normal as things could ever get. I was born in a normal family as the eldest daughter. My parents were normal, so was my sister. All of us were normally intelligent. I grew up, studied, got a job, died. Did all these things normally. The instant I died my only regret was that I wished my laptop was also destroyed in the accident. I really didn't want anyone to snoop through my stuff, but then I was a normal person, so normal regrets were quite… normal to have, I guess. So, once the shock of dying wore off I expected many things to happen. The first thing being not being aware. But here I was sitting in a empty room that looked like some sort of a lounge or lobby outside an office. At first "Is anybody home?" After ten minutes "Hello?!" After thirty minutes "The fuck is happening? The fuck did you send me here for if no one's here, you fucking piece of shit!" Finally a door opened. It opened to a long corridor with a number of doors on either side. "Fuck this!" One by one I started opening the doors. Most of them were closed, but finally (and finally because I didn't open any doors after this one) a door opened. Or rather it was not locked. It looked like a manager's office. "Hello?" I called out, hoping that there was someone in this strange office. "Ah, yes. You're finally here. Please come inside." The voice was weird. It sounded too gravely and yet so smooth. It didn't sound like a human at all. But then, I was dead and in this strange office so who knew what was going on. Slowly and hesitantly I entered the office and saw a man in a black suit sitting in the office. He had dark hair with grey eyes and looked really really good. The fuck was wrong with after life? "Please sit down." Shrugging I did just that. "Do you have any idea how long I have been looking for you?" Those words sound really strange in my head. "No?" He huffed, "Of course you don't." He got up and started pacing around the office. "First you give away your items, your identity in itself, and then you get lost in the mortal world being reborn again and again and again, leaving no note or any instruction of any kind to explain what is going on and in turn I have to travel across the different multiverses hoping that I find you in one of them and if that wasn't enough you have gone ahead and hidden your powers making it all the more difficult for me to identify where you are." He then turned to look at me, frustration evident on his face. "It was pure luck that I came across you over here. Do you understand that Master?" I just nodded. I had a feeling any other response would probably be more harmful to me. He snorted at that, "Of course you don't. Why did you even accept the post, if you hated the work that came with it? Do you know how much paper work I had to complete just because you decided to play little human? Do you have any fucking idea what is my reputation among other cosmic entities? They think of me as a joke! And all because my Master decided to play hooky. And what did you get in your time as human? What enjoyment do you get from my suffering? Where did I go wrong?!" The being continued his ranting over the injustices that he faced while I tried and failed to understand what was happening. I was his master, he was a cosmic entity making me a master of cosmic entity. I had no idea what he was. I had no idea what I was. I had a suspicion that he got the wrong person for some reason. "Excuse me, sir. I am sorry for asking this question. But who are you?" That stopped his rant. He rushed towards me and grabbed my shoulders and shook me. I got really scared. He stared into my eyes for a few seconds after which his face lost whatever color it had. He then moved back and started laughing hysterically. "Of fucking course you would forget everything. Why, oh, why did I even accept this job?" Once he stopped his laughter, he looked at me with barely restrained anger and I tried not to flinch. "Do you understand what this means?" I shook my head. "I will have to send you to a place where you lost your three objects?" "Three objects?" "Yes, they tie it to your identity. Once you get those you will remember me and remember yourself. And then everything will be alright again." "Ah… are you sure you didn't get the wrong person. I mean I seriously don't think I am who you think I am. I am just another human or dead human if you want to get technical." He looked at me for a few seconds before bursting out in laughter. "Master, I have been looking for you for more than ten thousand years. I know you. Do you seriously think I will let a mere human be my master or even call a mere human my master just for shits and giggles?" "Oh..kay. But who are you?" He then stalked towards me like a predator approaching a prey and when his face was inches away from mine he put his thumb on my forehead and said, "I am Death." And with that the whole world turned black. When I woke up the whole world was blurry and I felt too dizzy. I blinked to clear out my eyes, but the shapes wouldn't sharpen and the world remained blurry. "Look at him. Isn't he cute?" A voice boomed near me. It sounded familiar for some reason. The fuck are you people? And where the fuck did that man send me? That is what was I wanted to say, it came out as garbled speech. "Awww… he is so cute, what do you think he saying?" The fuck! "What are you going to name him? We never really got to decide his name?" Name me. I already have a perfectly fine name buddy! "Leon. Leon Potter." And before I could really voice my protests (even if my speech was garbled) the world turned black, again. I just went to sleep without my knowledge actually, the world didn't turn black. It took me a few weeks to realize that I was a baby and I had a twin, Harry. I was the older brother, Leon. It felt strange. I was four months old when I realized that things were weird in this place. My brother Harry and I were playing with the toys when all of a sudden my brother stopped playing and looked at another toy (a stuffed dog) which was kept at a shelf somewhere on top. He just raised his hands as if he was pointing at the toy and the toy just came floating towards him. My eyes widened at that. I looked at the now empty space to ascertain that what I just saw did happen. I looked at my brother, again and made a note of different things - the moving pictures, my brother's eyes which were a strange shade of green, my mother who was named Lily, my father who was James, their friend Sirius and an old looking man who had visited us once. Shit! My brother is Harry Freaking Potter! While I was hyperventilating, the world suddenly grew dark and I was in the office again. I saw the man sitting on the other side of the desk. "YOU! What did you do to me?" "I told you, Master. You have to retrieve the objects to regain your memories. I am not letting you play human any further." "You put me in Harry Potter universe, as his twin brother. The fuck is wrong with you?!" "The objects were lost in this universe." I… had no clue what to say to that."You mean the wand, the stone and the cloak?" "Well, it's certainly not the Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe." "...No seriously, the fuck is wrong with you? And isn't Harry Potter your Master? I mean the books said that he became Master of Death after uniting the Hallows." The man, the being looked at me with an incredulous expression, "Master, do you seriously think that just by uniting the three objects a mere human would become the Master of Death? And do you seriously think that I would accept any human as my master?" I caught myself before I started nodding. "No. Those objects are mere trinkets in the hands of others. They will not do anything other than what has been stated. It is you who can use their powers to fullest extent. And the books are just a story, they are not completely true." "Oh… okay. So does that mean that Voldemort doesn't exist?" "He does, but you don't have to worry about him. You only have to focus on getting the three objects back." "The fuck you mean by that, Voldemort is after my fucking family. I can't not be worried about him." "Well, unfortunately I cannot help much in that regard. Your parents are scheduled to die in a short period of time. And even for you, Master, I cannot stop death. We are supposed to be fair and just. But I can ensure that you will not be ill-treated. That is the only thing I can do for you. Your brother happens to be a Child of Prophecy and it is almost a rule of Destiny that the child of prophecy has a hard childhood. The only reason this effect is going to be slightly abated is because of your presence. The fates don't want you to be angry." "Well, I am already angry. What did you expect me to be after informing about my parents' demise?" "Master, there are things I can do and I cannot do. This is one of the things I cannot intervene in. Your brother has been marked by destiny and if I interfere there will be long term consequences." I pinched the bridge of my nose and sighed. "Isn't there anything that I can do to convince you to save my parents?" "You could get the three objects before their death." He deadpanned. "That is impossible." "So is saving your parents." "And what happens if I fail to get the three Hallows?" He smiled at that, "Master, now that I have finally found you, do you think that