I knocked on Katniss Everdeen's door three times. Waiting for her to answer. My hand was just about to knock a fourth time, when I heard the soft squeak of the door opening. I composed myself, ready to throw myself at Katniss when she answered. We had been best friends during our freshman year of high school. Katniss, Clove and I. Her mom had actually remarried, her birth father died in a car accident, dragging Katniss to start a new life, if you please. She had remarried, her, Prim and Katniss had met he boys. The two sons of the man she remarried. I Remember Katniss telling me about them. How they were cocky annoying and crude. Marvel and Cato. Those were their names. Funny, they suited them. Or at least what Katniss has told me about them. It made me smile, we haven't had a phone conversation in ages. I wanted to make it a surprise for when I told her I'd moved AND was going to be starting school with her, in exactly two days. She was going to freak! But then she would ask why I had moved, and I'd have to tell her. But I can trust her, she was my best friend after all. She can't have changed that much. My parents had split, OK. It wasn't too much of a shock to me and my brothers, we had been hearing the fights for years now. It was still sad, not to mention heartbreaking. My dad had gotten my two brothers, my mom got me. She had wanted to move far away from my dad. It was horrible. We were only going to be able to see my brothers, Brutus and Gloss, except for on holidays. I asked her about moving to Panem, where Katniss moved, and after much persuasions she agreed. We were now, maybe a block away from Katniss. I had missed her, I just didn't realize how much until now. When she moved it hadn't been too tear inducing. We all understood the circumstances. We still kept in touch though, so it wasn't too bad. Yet we all did miss the playful banter and classes we shared. No more passing notes, or complaining about the homework I guess. Not too bad. I coudn't wait to see her again. It has been three years. Didn't feel that long. Now that I'm here standing on her porch, waiting for her to answer the green door, I'm fairly certain is hers. Instaed I was greeted by a boy. A boy who sucked the breath out of me. And let me say, that is no easy task. I was Glimmer, a player, if you will. She played you, not the other way 'round. Or I guess for Woman the term is slut, I'm a slut. He was tall, standing probably a good few inches above me. Maybe, 6'3, or something around that mark. He had dull green eyes, that reminded me of grass, the type you find in the rain. Not on a sunny afternoon. They look shocked at first, they widen at the sight of me, why I don't know. Then after his moment of panic finishes he quickly regains composture and breathes. His green eyes dulling slightly. His hazel hair was neatly brushed, yet it still stood up in certain places. I resisted the urge to run her hands through it. I couldn't believe it. A boy was making me feel this way. This isn't right. I made boys feel this way, I don't feel this way. And I hated it. It was similar though, in a weird way. A strange feeling of déjà vu washing over me. Not about him but the feeling. But something about the boy in front of me also wasn't quite right. That's when I realized this might not be her house, I tried not to show my panic. But judging from his facial expression he didn't quite get it. His firm pink lips formed a straight dull line. His eyes, showing something... of rage? Maybe I'd woken him, or stolen him from something important. But I was Glimmer, I didn't show panic, or embarassement around boys. I teasily played with a strand of blonde, which was down the side of my face, the breeze slowly guiding it to my fingers. Then green was on green as I looked him in the eye, craning my head to do so. I froze, he seemed familiar, yet at the same time, so alien it was surreal. His eyes burned my emerald green ones, I wanted to back down but couldn't, woudn't. "I'm Glimmer." I said while sending him a quick wink. His dull expression quickly turned to a smirk, his eyes glowing. He took my chin in his left hand and brought it to his face. Our noses just inches apart. And I blushed. I Glimmer Rambin never blush. Wether it comes to embarrassing stories, or boys. Most never boys. So why did I do it now? Moment of weakness I assured myself. I was so vulnerable because... Katniss! I wanted to see Katniss so bad that I blushed at this boy. Because... Um... my mind was so focused on Katnis my guard was down and I blushed. There, perfect logic. Sort of. I played them, made them blush, not the opposite. No matter how bad I was doing at that now. I felt my cheeks heating up and I couldn't help it. There was currently a very hot boy's face proximately three inches from my own. I was going to blush. I felt his leather jacket sleeve brush against my forearm before I heard the first four words that came out of his mouth. The leather on skin making me burn. "I couldn't care less, sweetheart." All my past thoughts vanish as he utters his first words to me. No matter how melodic his voice may be, I will not be swooned by an asshole. I feel the blush vanish from my cheeks, instead rage replaces it. I hiss as I pull away, standing my tallest, trying to intimidate him. He doesn't take a step back instead he chuckles and stands his ground against me. His stance relaxed, as if this is familiar to he. Or normal. We are close once again, though there is nothing intimate about it this time. "I'm Glimmer." I start the conversation teeth barred. Looking him in the eye, emeralds on his dull, bland green. And this time I don't wink. "And I thought I made it quite clear I don't care." His face now stuck in a menacing smirk. His eyes alight with cockiness, arrogance and overconfidence. "And I'm looking for Katniss." I continued on, ignoring his interruption. My face now glowering up at him. I feel even angrier when his smirk doesn't change. "How do you know her?" I pause for a second, he seems serious. Katniss has never spoken about me to him, to what I can only assume is her step-brother. Whether it be Cato or Marvel, I'm not sure. "Is she home?" I finish, the same flame I had at the start has remained in my eyes. I still don't back down when he takes a step closer to me. He doesn't look down, no, he keeps his eyes trained on my face. "I'll get her." His breath smells oddly of cinnamon. As our noses are about to collide he steps back and walks into the comfort of his own home. I watch as he turns, his leather jacket swishing slightly, and he sends one more smirk over his shoulder. I release a breath I hadn't realized I was holding, before I flip him off. He looks shocked for a moment, before his smirk grows wider. I start to fume. He is infuriating, I'll give him that. Most likely Cato, Katniss had described him as hot-headed and cocky. I waited, adjusting my top out of nervousness. I waited for Cato to get Katniss. Hopefully that wouldn't take all day. I wonder what she'll think of me after all this time. Have I changed? No, I don't think so. Is my outfit OK? Pretty sure. Is her step-brother a total asshole? Most definitely. I cross my arms impatiently, how long would Cato take? All he really had to do was call her name. Before I knew it my foot started tapping to a rhythm impatiently. Clic, Clac , Clic, Clac. The door was still open, so out of curiosity I poked my head inside. It was nice house, I'll give it that. Much nicer than ours at least. But our older one was much bigger and nicer than this one. So I'd say this wasn't a fancy house, no it wasn't. But it wasn't a bad house either. It was in between. Good, but not great. Alll I could make of it now, was that it was white. Really white. The walls were white, yet all the furniture stuck to a similar black colour palette. Then I spotted someone among the white. A girl was standing in the centre of the room. Her braid was swishing gently as she moved her head. Why? Because she was talking impatiently with none other than Cato. I groaned. Much louder than I originally meant it to be. Because their heads turn at the sound of it. I don't blush instead I send them a flirtatious smirk. I never blush, like I said before, I had a moment of weakness. I know I should be looking at Katniss, but my gaze is on Marvel. Why? I know it shouldn't be. But even if he is a complete jerk, he's still hot. Even if he is scowling at me. Even if my best friend is standing right next to him. Even if I haven't seen that best friend in three ye- What am I doing? I immediately stop starring, he seems to have noticed though because his scowl is now in an arrogant smirk. I hate him. My gaze then goes to Katniss, where it should have been in the first place. I mentally scold myself for... Well... Everything! Katniss was soon making her way towards me. She was wearing a green jacket, over a black tank top. She was wearing black jeans, a bow and arrow imprinted against her thigh. Her hair was in a single long braid. Her hair was longer than before, but it has been three years. She wasn't wearing too much makeup, just a little eyeliner and mascara. Then she spoke, at least her voice hasn't changed, "Glimmer!" And then I was tackled in a hug, which I greatly returned. "I've missed you so much, Glim." She was shaking. "Me to, Katniss, me to." I smiled, even though I knew she couldn't see. But he did. There was Cato smiling at me as I hugged my best friend. I stuck my tongue out at him. His smile soon turning into a smirk. I wanted to call him... Certain things, but he was Katniss' brother. And currently she was hugging me, I don't think she would appreciate it. Still the way he's looking at me makes me want to punch him. It's not the usual; Wow, you're hot! Instead it looked more like, I can't pinpoint it, it's between I'm so much better than you, to Well, I don't know... nostalgia, almost? No that can't be right. He's still looking at me, before I realize I'm hugging my best friend, and all I can think about is a boy? No, that's not right. I'm on boys' minds, they weren't on mine. At least not the way he is. I blinked twice before averting my gaze. Yet, I could still feel his eyes burning into the back of my head. I could practically feel the blush, that is before I pushed it down. When she pulled away, I saw her take me in. For a second I felt self-conscious about my pink strapless