Author's Note I: This was penned for the lovely beforeyouspeak , in honor of her birthday. She requested Bellamione in an apothecary shop. So of course I wrote plotty dystopia. Cheers, my dearest friend - this is the extended version. May your days be bright and your nights victorious. War does not determine who is right – only who is left. ~ Bertrand Russell The stench of London was ineffable. The new empire was efficient in many things, sanitation not one of them. Early on in the soft years, Master Weasley conceded that Fudge at least had handled that. Arthur didn't speak so frankly anymore. Not since Ginny passed. Not since the caste system took over. Ron had sent Hermione on an ingredient run in the wee morn, their stores meager after winter. She wasn't one to turn away from an unsupervised errand, not in this life. The witch had scowled at the list, offended by his imprudence before sunrise. She'd thumbed several of the items. "Polyjuice, much? So much for laying low," Hermione said. "This'll raise flags higher than those in Execution Square." Her face was clean and haggard, her hair tamed into a plait. The aesthetic didn't match and Ron was unbalanced, seeing Hermione of fourth-year and not a woman of thirty. An indentured one at that. Hierarchy now lawed the land. The Royals ruled, their Nobles peachy keen as the elite class. Gentry citizens comprised the comfortable middle class. Undesirables came next, a caste of skilled and indentured servants. The lower castes were stuck in steerage — it was better to be a Serf than a Slave, but measuring misery wasn't very relative. "Everything you do flags the system," Ron had said. "At least let it work for us." He wasn't wrong. Hermione was Undesirable number one, the Primer of her caste. Top-ranked, Molly Weasley had bought a thirty-year contract on Granger at first light, after the trials. Hermione signed hatefully, too wizened to be angry at Ronald's gaming. The Order was long gone. What lingered was a half-hearted group of anarchists, Ron their unlikely leader. She wasn't supportive of his unorganized vision (and methods). It wasn't loyalty that made her serve; she wasn't Noble like Weasley or privileged like his gentry followers. "Resistance is futile." Hermione muttered, apathetic, but she bowed to Ron and his orders. So went the life of this indentured servant, the swot who lived. They all had their orders. Surprisingly, the Weasleys managed respectable positions in the new world order (albeit due to circumstance, not favour). The Royals couldn't disavow the Weasley clan, being both pure-blood and distant cousins through Arthur's mother, Cedrella. It would have been political upheaval and in poor taste to trash the Weasleys without cause. Especially after Draco and Ginny had courted for a (very) short spell, before her…termination. The awkward truce created another kind of crisis for Hermione; if the Weasley clan allied with the monarchy, then who was enemy? Nothing was delineated anymore and she missed the steadfast versions of her carrot-topped kin, all fire and vim and verve. These days saw the Weasleys far more malleable. Nobility will do that and the sweet slide of corruption was insidious. The willingness to stay silent and eat the shove, when one ought push. A servile fever if you would. Master Weasley was abroad this quarter, taking point on some minor trade deal in Ireland. Madame Weasley was at the palace with George, she a steward and he an apprenticed clerk. Bill and Fleur were a regular fixture in court (much to their disgust) and Percy brownnosed as a foreign diplomat to France (much to his content). Charlie—she didn't know what the hell he did, but he—seemed bent on charring his limbs much as his mother's heart. Ginny and Fred were worm fed, bedded in the ground. That left her with Ron's unfortunate and unemployable authority. Hermione remained bowed and he touched the crown of her head. She rose to his countenance, scowling. "Stay on watch," Ron instructed, his face leaner than expected. "You're not exempt." She ignored him and slung a messenger bag over her shoulder. "Hermione," he hissed, displeased at her heedlessness. "The empress is on the move. Bill says she broke schedule. And it's Thorsday." "Thorsday," Hermione repeated disdainfully. "Because Freyday or Saturnsday would be safer?" The sarcasm was cutting and Ronald didn't appreciate. "Statistically…" "You couldn't calculate statistics if SPSS bit you on the ass." Hermione sassed his blank stare, enjoying her muggle roots. "The empress has no schedule and there's likely a doppelganger or two on staff. Maybe she's at temple, pretending like everyone else. Or maybe she's murdering down in the gallows. Send me or don't send me, but don't make like you care." "Granger," he spat. "We paid for your safety. You forget yourself." He'd forgotten himself years ago. " Prime Granger," she hissed her title, correcting. "Fear not. I won't damage myself." Hermione flourished her wrists lavishly, displaying her form and disgust. "You can keep your concern, Master Weasley," she said snidely, a mocking curtsy on her knees. And on she went, disliking the wizard immensely. Ronald watched until she passed the acre outskirts and reset the wards. Not for the first time he was phenomenally grateful that his fate wasn't hers. Their current situation wasn't conducive to friendship, but they managed life just the same. Harry would have…Ron tasted ash in his mouth. The boy-wonder was four years dead and still guilting him from the grave. Ron made to his father's study and posted a letter to McGonagall. His quill scratched out hardship and updates. She was the only one Hermione trusted anymore. Minerva never answered him, but he took solace knowing that his former professor would protect Hermione where he wouldn't. Friendship didn't survive ownership and Mudblood Granger belonged to the Weasleys, Primer or not. Hermione looked back on the grounds. The Burrow no longer toppled, fortified by the Weasley's newfound status and funds. Bottom of the Noble caste, the Weasleys made out better than most through the sheer genetics and blood status. She was part of that machine, pretty by association. There weren't many mudbloods who had escaped the slave class. Hermione trudged on muddy ground, the March rains sparing them snow. The witch fingered the old tree on apparition hill. She retained that travel permission, thankfully. Her appearance rimshot through the Thorsday morning streets of London, empty and grey. The world was quiet, either at worship or underbelly gatherings. The new order had brought back the gods. She wasn't a believer, but the thunderclap overhead twitched her mouth. Her slicker kept most of the chill away, but her hair dripped, soaked dark by the rain and lit by occasional lightning. She was glad for the braid and for the storming compathy. Mornings hadn't been rosy for several years now. Climate change perhaps, but she didn't pin it on pollution. The collective nature of magic was affective. Much like Peeves, the heavy pall of darkness was pulled from the masses. The sun still rose with dawn, but was tinted by the overcast of depression. This purple morning was much the same, though some red patches poked through. A sliver of yellow could even be seen. She wondered who could find happiness in their hell, but respected that it provided her with a near sunrise, even in the wandering storm. She wandered her way to the pub, casual eye out for muggles. Not that they ventured down Charing Cross Road anymore, not for a half-decade at least. Bohemia had moved a few streets over. Repellant charms and murder of course helped, but antics weren't warranted anymore; muggles had a sixth-sense and did a decent job of avoiding such unpleasantries. Even if they couldn't voice exactly why "Heaven's no, Mary, we're taking the long way home." The Dark Lord and his empress were content to rule in their small and dirty corner of the world. Their influence stretched wide and far, far more valuable than land conquest could ever have been. The world was not brave and the Leaky Caldron hadn't faired well. Hermione pushed into the pub. She walked past the late night (or early morning) regulars and made toward the shady backdoor. The barkeep wasn't concerned with much, let alone this slip of a witch. Hermione stole into the back courtyard. She tapped the bricks, her wand pattern mundane and foregone of wonder. Diagon opened up, smelling marginally better than last week. The death carts had been moved, their cargo moved en masse to a grave location. She'd hardened over the past decade, but the sight of greying hands never failed to churn her stomach and wistful nature. Wishing was not a luxury Hermione afforded, but her mind remained clever all these years later and she was unable to purge her lionheart. The cobblestones were tinged with iron and she tried not to think whose spoiled blood she padded on. Her nose crinkled, the air smelling of stale char and sick flesh. Street urchins easily parsed out the difference between rotting food and decaying human. The Serf hoarders were particularly keen at this skill and the wizarding alleys were a mecca for poaching - core magic could be siphoned postmortem, right up until rigor set in. The trick was stabbing the right ventricle, without pushing wand though the heart. Even after exsanguination, core magic leaked into the body, pumped along the same residual map. Hermione made down the alley, her schoolgirl soul harrowed inside. The wizarding world was spayed of goodness; the war left them with demons buy to and sell. She passed a hoarder on the street and kept her eyes low and hard. The witch blanched, vaguely recognizing the wretch from her Hogwarts years. Gaphy, Grady, or something like. He'd been three or four years ahead. Crouched, the man stilled at her footsteps stark in the decrepit morning. He looked to her worn and well-off shoes, her tired robes, her stony face. They left it at that. Hermione left him to the mangled corpse and he to her assorted or sordid business. She didn't dwell on the small stature of the deceased. Or the hair ribbons. She moved on, errand on errant mind. Habitually she thumbed the tattoo on her neck, unwilling to feel guilty for her marginally better fate. The scar on her arm twinged and she ignored that too. She was grateful as Apothica came into view, at the infamous intersection of Diagon and Knockturn. She glanced down a moment too long, grabbling for the parchment in her bag. A Pureguard in the main square cast doubtful eyes and a casing spell in her direction. Her pocket buzzed like her neck burned. She hissed under breath and palmed the empire coin in her cloak, waiting for clearance. His wand smoked a 1U in the air and his nod was curt if not a bit wide-eyed. He'd never seen loral Granger before and yet the highest-ranked undesirable, the Undesirable Primer, casually wandered into the dead heart of downtown. Into his sector. A Gentry himself, the Pureguard was shifty. Prime Granger epitomized the precarious balance of the new world order. Her trial had been maddened by press and corporate interest. In the end, the interim Wizengamot awarded her a mid-class status, undesirable, but the highest ranked mudblood in the new empire. Hermione laid her thanks and blame on the Weasleys but knew other strings pulled. Her stars were lucky, though. The Slave class was unfortunate—lowest of them all—property owned by the Gentry and Noble elite. Unskilled mudbloods, enemy combatants, and prisoners landed here. A notch up, Serfs were the street people, urchins that ran the underbelly and black market circles. Magifolk of unfortunate blood status, they didn't have a sponsor or the funds or to buy themselves a class up and weren't skilled enough to warrant that on merit alone. So they hoarded or hazarded other trades. They had few rights and many restrictions. Undesirables