Author's Note: Thank you for reading! We'd also like to thank angylinni for setting the three of us up to write each other's stories in the Hunger Games Spring Fling. That's how we initially connected and ultimately decided to write together. This is a multi-author collaboration. Each chapter will be written from one character's POV, and each character is written by a different author, as follows: Prim: so-amazing-here Katniss: madefrommemories Peeta: panem Disclaimer: We do not own The Hunger Games or The Lovely Bones. We're doing this purely for fun. Thanks to our fantastic beta sunfishdunes, as well as our awesome pre-readers desertginger and jennagill. Please review to let us know what you think! And come follow us on tumblr at madefrommemoriesff, loveforpanem, and soamazinghere. Chapter 1: Primrose ***(trigger warning for non-graphic depiction of rape and murder)*** My name is Primrose, like the flower. Last name, Everdeen. I was 14 years old when I was murdered on June 14, 2007. Even though my life was short, I still spent thousands of days among the living. I could probably tell you hundreds of happy, or sad, or funny stories from my life. But in the end, no one really remembers those stories. All those thousands of days are overshadowed by one: the day I died. So let's get that story out of the way first. The day of my untimely death was actually just like any other. When I look back, I'm always surprised by how ordinary it was. In fact, it was even a good day. Seriously. If not for the fact that I was murdered, it might have turned out to be one of my favorite days that summer. I doubt anyone but me remembers the good parts of that day, though. Maybe my sister...but honestly, I'm not sure she enjoys looking back on the times when we were happy. I wish she did, but I think that remembering me brings her pain. The story of my death is the one story that only I know, that only I can tell. Other people know bits and pieces of what happened that day, but no one else knows the whole story from start to finish. So I'm really the best one to tell it. Here's what happened. Just like every Thursday, my sister Katniss dropped me off at the rec center for my Girl Scout meeting in the late afternoon. "I'm going to get some groceries, but I'll be back before you get out, okay?" she reminded me, smiling and giving my blonde ponytail a gentle pull. I giggled as I opened the passenger door of her truck. It was hot and sticky outside, but with a slight breeze, it still felt better than the stifling interior of her old, non-air conditioned truck. "Yep, I'll see you in a couple of hours!" I told her, waving as I turned to jog away. I was a few minutes late for the meeting, so I didn't look back as she drove off. I can't tell you how many times I've wished that I had. I wish I'd had a chance to memorize the little details that I had no way of knowing I was seeing for the last time: the dark green color of our dad's old truck, the little wisps of dark hair that escaped from Katniss's braid and flew around her face as she drove, how tan her skin was compared to my own. I hurried into the rec center, smiling at the elderly woman sitting at the front desk as I made my way to the small conference room where my troop usually met. But when I reached the end of the hallway, the door was closed. A note posted on the door read, "Girl Scouts cancelled - June 14." Oh no , I thought to myself, exasperated. I knew Katniss was already gone, and I was stuck. This wasn't the first time that I felt frustrated neither she nor I had cell phones. Mom and Katniss both said we couldn't afford it, and I knew they were right...but it made me feel so self-conscious sometimes. Everyone I knew had a cell phone. And in a situation like this, I couldn't reach Katniss to ask her to come pick me up. The rec center was located in the wealthier part of Panem, the little town where I lived my entire life. The nearby houses looked huge and stately, with spacious, manicured lawns separating them from the road. It was quite a difference from the tiny, somewhat dilapidated house where my family lived. I'd always wondered what the families who lived there did with all that space. We were comfortable in our house, but it was definitely cramped. Home was miles from away from here - much further than I cared to walk in the June heat. It'd be almost two hours before Katniss returned for me. Sighing, I sat down on a bench in front of the building, dropping my chin into my hands. After a few minutes of boredom, staring out at the mostly empty parking lot, my attention wandered to the nearby neighborhood. I'd never really had a chance to explore it before, but the tree-lined streets and well-kept yards looked inviting. Plenty of time until Katniss gets back , I thought to myself as I stood and strode purposefully across the blazingly hot asphalt. The funny thing that no one has ever figured out is that I didn't make it far away from the rec center that day. Nope, my very last hour on this planet was spent in the big white house that I could see directly across the parking lot on Capitol Drive. Of course, I didn't set out that day intending to end up inside it. But I got distracted almost as soon as my feet hit the sidewalk on the other side of the parking lot. My ears perked up as I heard something, like faint whimpering. I stopped and looked around, trying to focus on the sound to locate its source. And it wasn't far away. In fact, it was just behind a tree in the front yard of the white house - a dirty, scruffy yellow cat that was limping and holding one paw gingerly in the air. "Oh, you poor thing!" I immediately exclaimed, kneeling down and reaching my hand out to let it sniff me. After a moment's hesitation, the cat rubbed its head into my hand. I stroked it gently before picking it up to look for a collar. Nothing. No identification whatsoever. I vividly remember looking around and trying to decide what to do next. Leaving the cat behind never even occurred to me - it was hurt and I had to do something to help. Approaching the nearest house was the best idea I had at the time; obviously I had no clue it would turn out to be the worst mistake I ever made. The street - actually, the entire neighborhood - was quiet and deserted that afternoon. I don't know if that was because it was the middle of the day on a weekday, or if it was because of the stifling heat. Either way, now I just think of that deserted street as another one of the pieces that had to align perfectly to allow my death to occur that day. If any one little thing had changed, maybe things would've been different. I try not to dwell on those sorts of things very often, though. I can't exactly go back. Holding the yellow cat firmly in both of my arms, I made my way towards the heavy-looking, windowless grey door on the nearby house. As I approached the door, the cat's ears flattened against its head and a low growl emanated from its throat. "Don't worry, little guy, we're going to get you better soon," I said, attempting to reassure him. I had no idea that the poor, pathetic cat was trying to help me out. I rang the doorbell and waited. I rang it again, and again. No answer. The cat was clearly getting antsy from me holding it for so long, so I decided to circle around to the back of the house to see if I could find any sign that the cat belonged there. The backyard was surrounded by a tall wooden fence. The fence posts were spaced so closely together that nothing of the yard was visible from the outside. I hesitantly approached the gate, pausing as I reached for the latch. Is it really a good idea to go into some stranger's yard for this cat? I remember thinking. What will they think if they catch me? But the cat was squirming in my arms more and more violently; I knew I had to find its owner soon or it might run away. I pushed through the gate, hearing it latch closed behind me. I walked past several windows, all with their shades drawn tightly, as I approached the back corner of the house. The cat continued struggling against my arms, hissing and trying to free its uninjured legs from my grasp. Just as I was about to round the corner towards the back of the house, the cat lunged upward at my head, freeing its front paw and tangling its sharp claws in my hair. "Ow!" I yelped, instinctively dropping the cat and pressing my hand to the side of my head. In our scuffle, the cat had ripped away my pink hair ribbon as it fled. Without the ribbon, my hair fell haphazardly out of its neat ponytail, making it even more difficult to locate where exactly I'd been scratched. But I knew I'd been hurt badly enough, given the throbbing pain on my head and the blood that I saw on my hand as I withdrew it. In the end, though, cat scratches were the least of my problems. Before I even truly registered what had happened, I felt two arms grab me roughly from behind, one circling my waist and the other clamping a hand over my mouth. They were holding me so tightly that I couldn't even turn around to see who it was. In my panic, I first froze, uncertain how to react. But as I felt myself being pulled towards the back door of the house, my instincts took over. I couldn't scream, but I kicked and arched my back and threw my body from side to side - anything to try to loosen the grip this person had on me. Nothing worked. My panicked brain couldn't even form a single coherent thought to try to help me figure out what to do. I felt so completely and utterly powerless. That poor, injured cat managed to get away from me, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't struggle hard enough to free myself . My feet were dragged over the threshold of the back door, and I darted my eyes quickly back and forth. I was in a neat, clean, and surprisingly normal-looking kitchen. I kicked my legs fiercely and succeeded in loudly knocking over a metal trash can, thinking that maybe someone would help me if they could just hear it . But I should've known better. Of course we were alone in the house. Abruptly my captor turned me around and I found myself pushed forward, towards a dark staircase leading down into what I assumed was a basement. The hand dropped from my mouth and I cried out instinctively, "Help me! Someone!" Just then I twisted my head sideways and saw my soon-to-be murderer for the first time. He was an older, almost grandfatherly-looking man with a full head of white hair. How could a man his age be so strong? I could barely think straight, but some part of me tried to memorize his features so that I could describe him to the police later. He was silent as he pushed me,