A/N: This story was random scribbles and my mild imagination in English class. (we all have these days) I decided to turn it to a fanfic and I've been writing this in classes and free periods. I sometimes took a break from studying just to write this! So basically, this story was written in every single hall of my school, and on every desk, I ever sat on. The flames that surrounded her were unstoppable. The room was drowning in its own heat, and the roof felt fragile, too fragile for her own liking. She thought that it was going to shatter into little pieces any minute now. And the little pieces are going to be too small to see, but too painful when you step on it. Millions of crucios invaded her body, making her weak. The heat of the curse was too much. It felt like knives slicing through her flesh. The wand that was shielded in her pocket felt useless right now. Her eyes closed as she waited for another curse to be hurled at her. But surprisingly, it never did. The room grew in silence, and the shouts that came from her stopped. The cackling of the witch above her slowly faded, but the pain in her arm didn't stop. It was hurting her badly as if it was a fresh wound. The heat of the curse was drowning her, pulling her down into her deepest nightmare. Slowly, she opened her eyes, but she closed them quickly. Fearing that her eyes witnessed too much. Her body was aching and her mind felt out of balance. She was the one who felt out of balance, too weak to fight back anymore, too tired to stand up for herself or anyone for that matter. She was disconnected from the people who love her and disconnected from herself. The flames that surrounded her once were no more. But her arm, her cursed arm burned through her flesh forcing her to moan in pain. Everything was suddenly too much. The war felt endless and unstoppable. They were fighting for years. The torture became part of the norm. and the fighting was their cure for frustration. They fought back and forth hoping one day their sorrow would end, like the fire. Hoping that the flame that turned into a big fire would fade away. Too tired to stay lit, too tired to fight for freedom, too tired to burst and fight back again. ()()()()() He sighed as another wave of worry hit him. Hours ago, the order members brought Hermione back. She was unconscious, and her arm was bleeding and glowing in redness. Luckily the potions master, who also happened to be his godfather was residing at the headquarters. So, both brewed some potions while Madam Pomfrey healed her with some help from the matriarch of the Weasley family. It was midnight when he decided to go to bed. As he made his way to his room, he came across hers. He was hesitant, whether to enter and check on her or continue his way pretending nothing happened. They weren't friends, they never were and maybe never will. Simply, they talk about missions, plan escape routes, insult each other, and nearly hex each other. Now, his relationship with her was mundane, almost non-existent. But then, they were more than…mission-mates. They were not friends, absolute no. they were more than friends, much more than best friends. But, somewhere in his mind, he wasn't sure. They were different, and they still are now. But somewhere in their past, the difference was almost perfect. If not for the dark lord's return, absolutely perfect. Sometimes, the pain would be too torturous. That he would almost forget his quest. He would almost think he's hallucinating. And that their past is forgettable. Her moan of pain broke him away from his swirling thoughts. Now, surer than ever he barged into her room and gasped at the unpleasant scene in front of him. Her bandaged arm was covered in blood. Snapping into action, he opened the bandage but hitched his breath as he saw her red glowing scar turn dark. He cleaned her arm quickly and applied some ointment to decrease the pain she was feeling. Then he replaced the bandage with a clean one. Finally, he searched her room for the potions he brewed earlier with his godfather. As he found them, he sighed of relief. Quickly, he uncorked the top and tipped the contents into her mouth. Luckily for him, she was still holding into consciousness. "swallow Granger, that's it." He sighed once more. "Draco" she mumbled. He froze in his place, almost like a statue. He whirled around slowly and was met by her brown eyes. Shocked, he clumsily put the containers on her bedside and got out of her room. But not before slamming the door hard. If he didn't know better he would say she was in a trance and didn't know what she was saying. But, he knew her very well. And right at this moment, he didn't want to be in her presence. Not now, and maybe not for a while. ()()()()() Morning came too soon for his liking. Being a morning person, he had no problem with waking up early, even if it meant being alone which is something he preferred. But right now, he wished for the ground to split open in two and swallow him. Now, he would do anything to right his wrongs. Even if it meant letting go of the people he grew to love and cherish and the people who became his friends. He would give up his life, all to save her. I'm turning to a bloody Gryffindor , he thought. He sighed as he refilled his mug with coffee. He looked at the dark drink and sighed again. He loved the Muggle drink she introduced him to, well, he loved anything she showed him. But no as much as he loved her. He kept staring at the drink, almost as if it was humiliating him. He liked to drink it without sugar. No milk. Nothing to sweeten the bitterness. Like his life, the sweetest thing was long gone. And he wasn't sure if it will ever find its way back to him, even if it did, the scars were too deep to fix. The sound of footsteps brought him out of his thoughts. He looked up and to his surprise, Hermione Granger was standing in front of him smiling. He looked at her as if she had grown another head. "good morning," she said as if nothing occurred the night before. "uh...morning?" he mumbled. she went to grab a mug and fill it with the bittersweet black drink. She added milk and some sugar to sweeten the taste. sometimes he wanted to forget like she did. Sometimes he wondered what would be his life if he was the one to forget. He wondered if he would've joined the order or not. If he ever remembered her. A lot of "what if's" invaded his mind, making him wish his life was a dream, but that dream turned into a nightmare. And that nightmare was endless. "How is your arm?" he inquired. She looked at him from under her thick lashes and replied "better," He nodded subconsciously and stayed silent. After a moment or so she said, "although I don't remember changing my bandage" "and I don't remember them being bloodied" she continued nonchalantly. He froze and gulped nervously as he remembered the bandage he left on her nightstand last night. He sighed, the decisive moment has come. There was no backing away, even if he wanted to. "I did it, though you were aware of your surroundings" he answered. His eyes darting around the kitchen. She looked at him with a fixed look. He finally sighed and looked up, he was terrified of what's going to happen. After all, she is Hermione Granger. And no one messes with her and gets away easily. "I don't remember. I can't remember " she whispered. His heart started beating fast. But his face was a mask of coldness. "Lately, I can't remember" she continued. He didn't know what to say. Hell, he didn't know what to feel. Relief, or regret. "sometimes I seem to see things I don't remember" she gazed at him. "I'm turning crazy. I've officially lost my sanity" she said. A smile gracing her lips at the thought of losing her sanity, really her? He laughed, actually laughed. She continued staring at him until she broke off laughing too. Maybe she was insane. But she was happy to know that not only she has become crazy, it seemed Malfoy was insane too. They continued laughing until god knows when. Likely, when Harry came downstairs and gawked at the unusual scene in front of him. "Cat got your tongue Potter?" was heard before Harry burst out laughing too. The shocked faces of the residents of Grimmauld's place that morning, were priceless. Hilariously priceless. ()()()()() It was like any other day, they had a meeting before lunch and then had the most delicious meal cooked by Mrs. Weasley. After lunch, everyone scattered around the house. Ron and Harry were playing chess while Hermione read a book, not any book, but her favorite. His favorite. The adults went to their rooms to rest before continuing whatever work was left for them. He was reading, or trying to read but was distracted by his beloved antics. He loved her enthusiasm at the prospect of reading a book, even if she read it a hundred of times. He adored her pouty lips and when her brows furrowed in concentration. She amazed him. he was in love with her beauty. She was one of a kind. But he didn't deserve her. She deserved much more, she deserved someone good. As much as it hurts him, she was better off with someone different, someone who wasn't him . She was innocent, he was guilty. She is the angel in this story, he is the demon. He is the devil. "…Malfoy?" he heard Potter asking. "Hmm?" he replied. Harry sighed and re-asked him. "what do you think we should do this time?" "attack and save as many prisoners we can help get out" he replied almost instantly. "don't you think that's too much. I mean remember what happened last time" Ron said as he glanced at Hermione. He tutted and said again "we wait for an attack, we send forces to fight them and keep them at bay while the rest of us-" "-go and save prisoners and catch as many death eaters as possible. We wait, we don't do anything until they do. This time we don't act but instead, we can find the Horcruxes left." Hermione cut him off. Draco, who was not so surprised with her nodded his head in confirmation and looked at Potter. "this way when the time comes we'll have more than one force. We'll have the aurors on our side and your Gryffindork friends" he continued. "Gryffindor" she corrected. "dork" he bantered. "dor" "dork" "It's dor," she said boldly. "I think dork is much better, it sounds nice. Gryffindork. Godric Gryffindork. That's much better, so much better. Don't you think?" he replied. She glared at him and he raised his eyebrow, challenging her to disagree. "Okay. Enough of that" Harry said. "Harry!" Hermione almost shouted. "Look, what matters now is the plan not what is better with Gryffin" he pinched the bridge of his nose. Hermione huffed as Draco whispered "dork" once more. "So, we're going to do nothing?" Ron asked. Draco nodded his head in confirmation as Harry mumbled a 'yes' before continuing his game with Ron. Draco smirked as he resumed looking at Hermione while holding the useless book to his face. God, he loved her too much to not pretend she's not there. He has grown to love her presence in the