thank you for reading! DISCLAIMER: DISTANTWAVE DOES NOT OWN THE HUNGER GAMES! ME: YET! No. This cant be happening. Sorry let me start from the beginning. My name is Rue Jenkins and I'm 12 years old, im old enough for the reaping. It all started on Tuesday. I woke up to the sound of mockingjays and my sisters fighting over who gets to play with their doll. Don't they realize what day it is? Do they even care? I know I do, today is the day the 12 district's of Panem will find out who will be the tributes for the 74th Hunger Games. I get out of bed and find that my mother has already made breakfast, quail eggs my favorite. This must be her way of cheering me up. Its sweet knowing she's trying but there's no way to calm me down, not today considering I might be chosen as the female tribute in the Hunger Games. To help my nerves I visit my best friend Ella Fenian. She will also be in the reaping today. When I tell her my problem she just laughs. " Rue " she says " do you realize how unlikely it is that one of us will be picked! There's THOUSANDS of other people who have had there name in multiple times! We have ours in ONCE. There's no way we'll get picked! Stop worrying Rue!" That calms me down a little bit. I stay at Ella's till about lunch time when I have to go get ready for the reaping. When I get home my youngest sister Eliza is waiting for me. When I bend down to give her a hug she puts something around my neck. When I look at it its I see its a straw necklace with a small silver star in the center. She looks at me and says " it for gud wuck wue." Its so sweet I start to cry. When I walk in the house my mother has set out a small blue dress for me. When I have gotten into it she offers to do my hair. I let her because this might be the last time she can. My family starts to leave to go to the reaping. Are family lives right next to Ella and her family so we walk down and I are taken from our family's so the capital can pick us out of the crowd easily. When we get to the the check-in spot they take a sample of my blood to show who I am and that I came. " Rue Jenkins" the machine blurts out. Yeah that's me. The capital peace makers put us in age groups and gender so I am by Ella. That crazy capital woman we've had for years steps up to the stage. She shows us a video of how horrid life was before Panem then steps up to the large glass bowls. She picks out of the guys first. "Thresh Martin!" She yells out in her ridiculous voice. As usual no one walks up on the stage. Wow he's big, I pity the tributes against him. Then she walks over to the girls bowl. I feel Ella squeeze my hand. "Rue Jenkins!" No. This cant be happening. I'm only 12! I only had one slip of paper in the bowl! Of course no one volunteers. "Come on sweetheart" the lady says. No, no, NO! I cant be in the hunger games! Who will take care of my family? When I finally get on the stage I'm shaking like a leaf. I'm almost in tears, but I must look strong. When the reaping is over the peace keeper's escort us into rooms so we can say our goodbyes. The first people to come in my room are my family. They rush to me and I'm covered in hugs and tears. When we finally get untangled I tell them, " ok mom you'll need to ask Ella for help gathering food, dad remember to report to the shelter to get extra blankets and oil, Eliza, Abby, Meg, and Taylor don't get in to much trouble till I get back ok." Then my mother starts weeping and I'm covered in hugs again. It seems like they don't think I'll come home, but I don't think I will ether so I try to not get upset. When they leave Ella comes in. "Ella! " I shout. Then where wraped in a giant hug. "Rue" she says " I want you to have this" then she takes a ring off her finger and puts it on mine. I see it's a small bronze ring that looks like vines. " Ella " I say " I cant take this! How will you get it back?" " don't worry" she says " I'll get it from you when you come back." From the way she says it she seems to think I'm already dead. Does anyone think I can make it?! Now we are in a train to go to the capital. I have my own room for now. Its at least three times larger than my house in district eleven. I take a shower to take up some of my time. There are so many buttons I think it will take me months to press all of them, But I only have hours so I press a big pink one and I'm covered in large pinkish bubbles. When I'm bubble free I get out of the shower and change into a green top and brown pants. They remind me of the tree's I love to climb and it makes me feel better till I remember where I'm going. In a few hours that ridiculous woman opens my door and starts yelling at me to get to dinner. When I arrive I see all of the food set out and think " this would feed my family for months! " and I sit down next to Seeder. Seeder will be my mentor for the games. During dinner I find out the ridiculous womans name is Lafette kink. Why do the capital citizens have such weird names? No one talks much until the capital comes into view in the giant window's. I go to the nearest window and look at the capital and it's cheering citizens. Why is this so happy for them? Don't they realize how wrong this all is? There cheering on the deaths of twenty two kids! Its just so sick that I go to my room to watch the other reapings to see what I'm up against. Every one of them is larger then I am. None of them catch my eye untill district twelve comes up. There's A girl about my age called up. I think her name is Primrose Everdeen. Seconds after she is called up someone starts screaming " Prim! No! I VOLENTER AS TRIBUTE! " Then I see who was shouting. It looks like an older version of prim. I don't know why but I want her as an aly. I watch to see who the male tribute for district twelve is then I go to bed. When I wake up we have to get off the train to get ready for the chariot rides. I go see my team of stylus's but they dont talk much. Apparently the head stylus is supposed to help but mine has no intrest in me till i'm "de-haired" .When I finally meet my stylus Gartuk Vanloy I hate him right away. He's rude and pushy. When I see my outfit I groan. Tree's again. Cant they think of anything other than tree's for one year? When they start putting on my makeup I say " this is a lot of makeup! Don't you want the people to reconize me?" "The less they see of you the better!" he says .I want to cry but if I do I'll just look worse than I already do. When we are in the chariot I see the other tributes outfits. There all so much better than mine! Well maybe not district twelve. They just have simple black clothes on and crowns. Not much at all. But when we start to pull out I see twelves stylus's with torches. THERE LIGHTING THEM ON FIRE! then I see there not in pain. Woah! That's the coolest outfit ever! I'm so jelous! I could tell I wasn't the only one. The tributes from one where giving them really dirty looks. Twelve will definitely have sponsers. Now I really want that girl from twelve as an ally. We are half way done with the chariot ride when Thresh notices me staring at twelve. "No" he says " don't look at them like you want to be Ally's. They seem like the type that would kill you in the night." I stop staring at them. It's time for the the interviews and I actually have a good outfit! Its blue and has tons of ruffles under it. I also have a set of fake wings. When We are standing in line its easy to tell how young we are. We act really impatient. But its not our fault that we want to get out there and impress people who might sponsor us. Sponsors can be the difference between life and death. I get very bored waiting in lines so you can just imagine what It felt like waiting for hours. When it finally was my turn I walked up on the stage on my tip-toes like I'm about to fly. When Ceaser Flickerman asks me how I plan to win I say to him " I'm hard to catch, if they cant catch me they can't kill me so don't count me out." Then Ceaser said " I wouldn't in a million years. Then my timer went out. When the girl from twelve came out I watched her talk about her sister and how she planned on winning for her. Then Ceaser asked her to spin and when she did it looked like she was coated in flames. She was amazing. When she was done the guy from twelve joked around with Ceaser and I started to get bored untill Ceaser asked him if he had a special girl at home. " uh... no?" He said " come on " said Ceaser" there has to be someone!" " well there is one girl who ive always had a crush on and I don't think she noticed me unitll the reaping." " ok" said Ceaser " here's what you do. You go out there and you win this thing and then she'll have to go out with you!" " I don't think that will work in my case because... she came here with me." Basically everyone gasped. It seemed like the odds where not in his favor! At the training center there where tons and tons of things to do. You could throw an axe, spear, sword, dagger, or use a bow, and a sling shot. You could climb on the nets, lift weights, learn about animals, berry's, or plants. You could go on the obstacle course or you could do what I did, follow katniss around ( I learned district twelves tributes names last night) . I'm very good at hiding so I followed her and peeta around by hiding behind tables, walls, barrels, support beams, and above them in the climbing net. It wasn't untill peeta looked over at me when I wasn't ready to hide when they saw me. I don't think it bothered them that much though. Once I was done watching them I started doing things with them. It turns out that like me katniss is very good with plants. We both aced the plant test though peeta could hardly tell a blackberry from nightlock. He should probably stick with katniss. When they had finished with the berry's they went to camouflage. I don't like camouflage so I