James focused on the girl as the she started to groan. He was the closest to her bed and could see as her eyes snapped open, as she grabbed her wand and almost flew out of the bed, ending with her wand at James' neck. James stiffened, feeling the smooth wood pinching the skin of his neck. . "Someone tell me where-" And then she really saw him & there was a sudden spark of familiarity in her eyes for him which eased her tension a bit. It surprised him, because he was sure he had never seen this girl before in his life. "Harry...". She started talking but then stopped abruptly looking at him intently. There was a sudden glint in her eyes. She's a strange one alright , thought James, instinctively stepping back a little to get away from her scrutiny. ~\o/~ For a moment Hermione was stunned looking at the person in front of her. Her mind was working at the speed of light. He looks like Harry but his magical signature is different, somewhat similar but different , she thought. Someone is trying to fool me!? Trying to fool me into believing that this is Harr?! This thought suddenly made alarm bells ring insidide her. She flet a rush of adrenaline pump into her, prompmting her mind to start working at a dizzying pace. Whoever planned this has worked really hard , she thought, because magical signature was like a finger print, unique to every individual. Whoever planned and executed this scam operation must have somehow made an artificial signature which was so similar to harry that for a moment it had her stumped. Even his face looked exactly like him. This was definitely not an amateur's job. No one short of Voldemort or maybe Dumbledore could have even thought of copying a person's magical signature. The amount of detail he must have gone into to create an almost perfect replica of a magical signature …. Hermione was amazed. She looked over his shoulder and saw Professor Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall and Madam Pomphry looking at her with worried expressions on their faces. Almost instinctively she felt their magical signature and was even more shocked to find out that their magical signatures were exact perfect replicas of the real Dumbledore, McGonagall and Pompmhry' magical signature. Even better than Harry's replica! Except that there was a slight bend somewhere and that was the best way Hermione could put it. They were perfect but still there was something which put them slightly off balance. Like watching the reflection of a person in a mirror, perfect but inverted. But why was Harry's mirror image's signature wasn't perfect like the others? Hermione thought. Ah, ofcourse, they didn't have Harry or his body to study and copy his signature, unlike maybe Dumbledore, McGonagall and Poppy. Instantly, A flood of relief spread through her body at this thought. Harry was alive and out of their reach . If it weren't for the situation she found herself in, Hermione would have smiled. But looking at the remarkable bit of sorcery in front of her, she knew she was in deep trouble. These impostors could walk straight in Hogwarts and be accepted by it as the real persons. Such was the perfection of the replicas. She grudgingly admired the skill of the wizard responsible for this. This whole operation must have required countless innovations and discoveries in various fields of advanced magic, including the magical core itself, the source of a person's magic. If Vodemort hadn't gone down the path of darkness and had instead focused on developing magic further for the betterment of the wizarding world, he could possibly have been the greatest wizard ever after Merlin , Hermione thought wistfully. After witnessing this immense display of power, skill and knowledge, who's to say he already isn't? , a tiny voice in her mind offered. But she had already wasted enough time analyzing the situation and had to react. No point in pretending to be fooled because she had wasted the time to pretend thinking about all this. If she pretends to believe them now, Voldemort would know in an instant , she thought. And anyway, she had no intention of going along with any plan that Voldemort and his croonies came up with. If they thought that they had something to gain from making her believe that all of this was real, then over her dead body would she let them get that benefit. It was time to act as fast as she could to get out of this insane situation. Acutely aware of everyone looking at her, she carefully planned her next and decisive move. The reaction of this Dumbldore would prove without any doubt if he was the real dumbledore or Voldemort impersonating him. With a loud growling sound, suddenly the roof of the hospital wing started coming down. Hermione knew exactly what was going to happen because she was the one who instigated the downfall of the roof and rolled down under her bed in one quick move. The timing to her movement was critical. She had to move at the time when everybody was startled by the loud growling sound of the roof coming down, a lapse of one moment could have given away her plan. She had rolled the dice. The game had begun… ~\o/~ Albus Dumbledore had been in many a fights, some of which were legendary. For instance, his fight with Girndalwald. As a consequence, he had been in many kinds of messed up situations over the course of his life but the situation he found himself into at that very moment was nothing like he had imagined he would be in when he walked into the hospital wing 5 minutes ago. He knew the criticalness of this moment. None of his companions were fast enough or had enough magical power to stop a 1000s of tons of strong concrete roof from falling on their heads from a distance of 20 meters above and thegirl who he thought was helpless and needed their support to recover from whatever calamity that had befallen her had not only attacked the with surprising power but had actually played a blinder of a move. Dumbledore was loath to admit. She knew that only he would be able to stop the roof from falling on their heads and that gave her enough time to plan and execute her next move while he was busy saving the lives of his companions. A distraction to gain time. It was a double whammy situation for Dumbldore. If he decided to save his companions from the falling roof then the time spent in stopping the roof would have enabled the girl to launch her next attack form her temporary hiding place of under her bed, which coincidentally gave her a clear view of the lower part of the body of all the persons inside the room including him. On the other hand, if he tried to lift their feet up to save them from the second attack he'd lose precious time and energy and as a result the roof would fall on them, instantly killing them all. But if he just stopped the roof from falling, he'd most probably lose all his companions anyway because of the girl's second attack from under the bed. Dumbledore knew being a leader of an Army was tough and sometimes during war you had to make tough decisions. Sometimes you had to lose some tactical battles in order put yourself in a position to win the war. And this was one of those situations. Dumbledore knew he had to act fast because even though his mind was running at an astronomical pace, time was running out and the roof was coming nearer and nearer. He decided to let his companions be on their own for the upcoming 2nd attack from under the bed while securing himself by jumping upwards towards the free falling roof with his wand pointing towards it. Fawks decided to make an appearance at that very moment, sensing that her master was in grave danger and needed her help. Dumbldore grabbed Fawks' tail with his free hand and hung in mid air to avoid being a target of the 2nd attack. The falling roof, as a result of Dumbldores spell, suddenly slowed down in its approach but still came a hair length away from Fawks' head before completely stopping in mid air. At that very moment Dumbeldore heard the loud shout of Petrificus totalus and the unmistakable sound of several people being hit by the spell in quick succession and skulls being cracked on the hard surface of the hospital wing. But he didn't have the time to care for them. He had a roof to stop from falling. It was a no win situation for him but he learned something very important about his enemy as a result of her latest move; she was unable to cast nonverbal spells anymore after her impressive display of making the roof fall because it had probably taken a toll on her already depleted magical , in a high pressure, time critical fight like this, non-verbal spells were the norm because the time spent uttering the words of a curse could easily prove to be the difference between life and death. With non-verbal spells, it was just a matter of pointing your wand and thinking about the curse. They also gave the spell caster an advantage over the enemy because the enemy could only guess which curse was coming towards him and when. She is most definitely very weak now , Dumbledore thought, otherwise she would not have given away her weakness by shouting out a basic 1st year body binding curse. She had already tried her best to crush them all to death under the falling roof, if she had the energy, she would have had no qualms throwing the powerful killing curse. Incorporating this new info about his enemy into his ever evolving battle plan for this unexpected fight, Dumbledore performed some complicated wand moves and in an amazing display of non-verbal magic, 4 pillars started to appear from inside the roof itself and started reaching for the floor to support the structure of the roof. Nonverbal magic was rare as it was and was mostly used for destructive magic, and Dumbledore knew that. But creating or designing something with non-verbal magic was almost unheard of. The artistic control required to produce any kind of recognizable shape let alone structurally sound concrete pillars with symbols of all houses of Hogwarts carved beautifully on all of them was something only a few wizards in centuries could even hope of achieving, and Dumbledore knew that too. It wasn't that he consciously did the house emblems on the pillar. He was such a master that this intricacy had become second nature to truly was a class apart from almost any wizard alive. The girl was nothing in front of him. There was difference of class between the two. Sure, he was taken by surprise by the sudden ferocious attack by the girl and was forced to suffer the loss of 4 of his comrades as a result, but now he was somewhat prepared. He knew exactly where under the bed she was, he could feel her magical presence and to supplement that, she had completely given away her exact location under the bed by shouting the body binding curse. This allowed him to triangulate all the probable angles of attack she could take from her position. This meant that he could focus all his energy on her without worrying about his back. He also had an idea of how powerful she was and how much energy she had left. ' A surprise attack can only take you so far' , thought Dumbledore gruffly. ~\o/~ Hermione knew how little time she had before Dumbledore controlled the roof and paid attention to