A/N: This story is very strongly based on the original book, 'The Hunger Games' by Suzanne Collins, and this is the story of another tribute, chosen to compete in the games. I know that this is very similar in structure to the original book (there will eventually be 27 chapters), but it's meant to be. With the exception of a couple of characters (most notably Finnick), everyone is of my own creation, just added to Suzanne Collins' universe. P.S. not all author's notes will be as long as this :) Prologue I hit the ground, and the harsh grit digs into my back and cuts me under my shoulder blades. My head hits the ground hard, leaving me senseless for a few moments before the pain pulsates through my body from my injured leg. Only then does the fear return, and with it comes the imminent threat of Quintus. I try to get to my feet and run, but my legs are rooted to the spot in fear and won't go anywhere. Quickly Quintus is upon me, his tall, athletic figure silhouetted by the sun. But I can still see the bow. Even though I'm paralysed with fear, I manage to force a small uttering as he trains his weapon on me. "Give Finnick my regards, will you?" Pt. I- Fear Chapter One POV: Ludovic Robertson (15), District 4 Citizen 11 Seaway Lane, District 4 7.30 am, Sunday 8th July, year of the 66th Hunger Games I wake with a start, to hear knocks on the door. From light filtering in through the thin curtains, I can tell it's not long after dawn. I'm amazed I've slept soundly through to dawn. It's the day of the Reaping; I was expecting to wake with a sweat, shocked to the bone. But no nightmares tonight, surprisingly. The house sounds empty. I guess from the time that my parents are out. I can remember that they left in early light last year. They're probably walking the coastal paths, clearing their minds. They have done at every other Reaping I can remember, since Bella was twelve. I don't recall Reapings before then. But that was the 59th Games; I can't even remember who won. It might have been that twin from One. I see the face in my mind, but the name doesn't present itself. Never mind, I've only just woken up. I turn over in bed to stare at the clock on my bedside table. Seven-thirty. It's later than I thought. The sun's already been up over two hours. Past the clock, I see two photographs, something that mark our family out as wealthy among my district. They might be grainy and monotone, but they are photographs nonetheless. Both were taken out in the bay last summer, the day before the Reaping. It seems too long ago, I still remember the day so clearly. A picnic on the beach, frolicking in the sea. My family and best friends. Making the most of possibly our last day together in District 4. One photograph shows my family; me, mother, father and Bella. The other shows my best friend and myself. I'm glad he was smiling. I hope he enjoyed what we hoped wouldn't be his last day at home. The repeated knocking at the door reminds me that I'm keeping somebody waiting. I clamber out of bed, clothe myself, and have time to check my hair in a mirror before answering the door. I'm unlucky. It's one of those days when whatever I try won't flatten it. Brilliant. Now if I'm picked in the reaping, I'll be carted off to the Capitol looking like I don't care for myself, let alone anyone else. I push the Reaping to the back of my mind as I open the heavy oak door to whoever it might be that has come knocking. I'm greeted at first by the fresh sea breeze that wafts in off the bay, but at least this is followed by a familiar face. You'd never have guessed the tall, muscular person in front of me had only just turned fifteen. And yet he has experienced more in his fifteen years than many others in District 4 would in a lifetime. All of Panem would recognise the mop of bronze hair and playful look in those sea-green eyes, those eyes that belong to Finnick Odair. Finnick and me have been inseparable for as long as I can care to remember, living a life of relative comfort and enjoyment, with not a care in the world. Coming from well-off families in our district, we've never had much cause for concern in our lives, unlike the working men and women in the docklands, who battle to keep food on the table and a roof over their heads every day. In the better-off areas of our district, in the houses owned by peacekeepers, the owners of the fishing fleet and other important businessmen, poverty and starvation are neither a reality nor a topic of conversation. But the children see it in the docklands kids at school; they notice the weedy, pale bodies of the famished kids they share a classroom with, whilst the parents turn a blind eye. So me and Finnick go to school five days a week, and live the weekends doing what we want, in a life of relative leisure. We fish together on Sundays, so we can learn the trades to take the roles of our fathers for when it is our turn to be the breadwinners of our own families. Although it is illegal to fish in the bay where the expensive houses of District 4 are, the peacekeepers turn a blind eye to it, as a few haddock mean nothing to them compared to the crime and suffering in the docklands. Also, it helps that Finnick's father is friendly with the head peacekeeper. As head of the fishing fleet, almost all trade for District 4 is the responsibility of him, as fishing is District 4's export to the Capitol. My father runs the Fish Market down in the heart of the docklands, and is a well known figure in the lower parts of the district. My mother used to work on the tills in the grocery, before she married my father and gave birth to my sister. Now aged nineteen and off in the Capitol becoming a fashion stylist, my sister Bella stopped mother from working, leaving my father to be the sole income for the family. But it has been enough for my family to never have needed tesserae, something I am thankful for on a day like this. Neither have Finnick's family, though that didn't stop him becoming a part of the Capitol's sadistic games. I remember the year before, standing in the wind and the rain in the town square with the other twelve thousand people of District 4 for the Reaping. I remember the pots of names, thousands of names, which would be read out by the district's escort, a middle-aged man called Flavius, whose surname I can't remember. The motto of the Hunger Games is 'may the odds be ever in your favour', and it was true for me that day. With thousands of slips of paper in the boy's bowl, only three of them read 'Ludovic Robertson'. I stood next to Finnick, who also had the same number of entries as me. I would never forget our agreement, that if my name was chosen in the reaping, Finnick would volunteer for me. I would stand little chance in the arena (a small, thin boy of fourteen) when faced with the giants who would likely be competing for the other 'competitive districts', 1 and 2. Most likely the Victor of the 65th Hunger Games would be from one of those districts or our own- it usually is. The girl from Two won the previous games. But I would struggle to defeat the other 'Competitor' tributes, as they are called in our district. All the outlying districts just call them the 'Career' tributes, or just the 'Careers'. Slowly everyone in Four is calling our tributes 'Careers' as well. I guess I should get used to the change. So Finnick, who could pass for an adult even at fourteen, would volunteer for me. He had been trained for it by me, as he felt obliged to protect his friend. He knew how to survive; what plants are edible, how to build shelters, basics in first aid, how to hunt, and basic weapons training in knives and bows. He already knew how to use spears and tridents to his advantage; he has them at home in District 4. But he had a much better chance of surviving than me. And so, after a long and forgettable speech about the Dark Days and the creation of the Hunger Games (it was the same every year), the name of the male tribute from District 4 was pulled out of the pot. "Ludovic Robertson." I don't remember how I reacted, I've tried so hard to block the next two hours from my head. All I clearly remember is my time with Finnick in the allotted hour assigned for people to say goodbye to the tributes. I remember walking up to him, seeing him turn, noticing the sad yet proud expression on his face, happy he had saved his friend. I tried to talk to him, but my throat couldn't produce words. We were on the balcony at the back of the Justice Building, which claimed exclusive sea views across the natural bays on the pleasant side of District 4. In the end, I only managed two words to him before I broke down into tears. "I'm sorry." I spent my last twenty minutes with Finnick staring out to sea with him, both of us crying. And then he was gone. I watched the games (we all had to, of course) but for once I was genuinely caring who the winner was. We all saw Finnick riding into the Training Centre in a simple blue tunic holding a trident, the interview with Caesar Flickermann, the '9' in training. And then the games started. He surprised us all. He didn't throw his weight around at the beginning, just ran quickly to the cornucopia, grabbed a couple of rucksacks, and sprinted away again into the forests. That was all anyone saw of him for days. He didn't try to attack anyone, just stayed alive. The arena was down to fifteen tributes by the end of the first day. Then eleven. Nine. Eight. Still no intention of fighting. That was when I realised he was weaponless. His packs had been kind to him, he had everything he needed to survive, but the best hope of killing someone would be to suffocate them with his sleeping bag. Not very likely. His plan was suddenly obvious; to sit out the storm and hope all the tributes kill each other off or die of thirst or starvation, or some gamemaker trap. This was such an unexpected strategy. Being from District 4 and having the second highest training score would have guaranteed him alliances with the other Career tributes, but no. For some reason, Finnick was on his own. But with no plan of action, and no means of defence. Now the only way of him getting weapons would be from sponsors. I remember realising this, and realising that after Finnick risked his life for me, I could save his. He had his own weapons at home. All I needed to do was send them to him. I was at school the next day asking for donations towards paying for his trident to be sent to the Capitol next day when I became aware of what people really thought about Finnick volunteering for me. Many thought he had done the right thing; he had been trained for it, and was much more likely to survive the arena than I would have