A/N: I suppose that the first thing that I should mention to everyone is that this story is the third in a sequence of fanfics chronicling the tale of a young victor from District 4, whose journey begins in the fanfic Second Time Unlucky and then continues into Mentor before our young hero winds up here, at the beginning of book three. While most of the essential backstory for this fanfic will be explained in the first few chapters, I'd still recommend checking out those first two novels in order to get a more full understanding of the story. Secondly, I would like to welcome back fans of the first two fanfics and fresh readers alike to Fight or Flight , and thank them for taking the time to click on this story and give it the time of day. For those of you who know my previous works, this story will be somewhat different from the first two titles, mostly in the sense that this story is going to be more of a passive journey than an active adventure, and that the layout will be less formulaic than the last. Chapters will come of varying lengths dependent on the situation, and there won't be any particular overriding plot, more several different things unravelling at once. Oh, and the twenty-seven chapter overview has been thrown completely out of the water. I'm expecting forty plus chapters for this one. Of course, now I'm just dithering on, so I'd better shut up and just get straight to the point before I'm arrested for murder having killed someone from boredom due to this very long author's note. I hope that you all enjoy the story :) Part I - Life Chapter One PoV: Ludovic Robertson (17), Hunger Games Victor District 4 11.00 am, Saturday 7th September, year of the 67th Hunger Games The sun glares up at me threateningly off the water, my hands instinctively raising to the side of my face to protect my eyes. The water's fairly placid today, but even the usual movements of the water leave me alternating between being blinded and the brief interludes, ones that give you so much false hope, that come in between. Plus, it doesn't help that I'm on a boat in the middle of the sea. I can't say that the rocking is going to do me any good, exactly. At least, not in that sense. I'm in the western bay in District 4, on the relatively untouched side of the peninsula where my district resides. All the fishing industry is based out of the Docklands, which are located in the district's poorer, eastern half. From where I sit, out in a boat that actually belongs to my best friend's dad, all I can see is the nice part of the peninsula. The light house at the southern headland of the bay, a lone tower looking out into the endless sea. Mostly for the sake of our fishing crews who often stay our past dark in the wintertime, when the nights draw in. Moving north around the bay is Victors' village in the south-west, the twelve luxurious homes spared for the few lucky sods from District 4 who have entered the arena, the torturous environment where the Capitol holds its deadly Hunger Games, and made it out alive. Beyond that in the centre of the bay is the mile-long beach that backs on to the district's most affluent housing - discounting Victors' Village, of course. My parents' house is there. Or, more correctly, my dad's house is. It's been over a year since my mother died now. Moving towards the north-west of the bay, the cliffs start to rise up and the woodland builds up along with it. I like the woods, a lot more than I like most of District 4, to be honest. And as districts go, we're not even that bad. Still, whenever I need time to think or just want to get away from it all for a while, the woods are my go-to place. Unfortunately, I've seen a whole lot more of them lately than I may have liked to. At the very northernmost point of the bay, however, is what grabs my attention at the moment, where the rocky headland juts out from the woodland, fifty feet above the water. Luckily, it's a drop that's unimpeded by anything and the water is deep at the bottom, otherwise my friends would be in a very sticky situation around about now. The expedition was led by Dylan Cresta, who seems to have replaced what he lacks in height with pure courage. The guy seemingly isn't afraid of anything. I mean, any day out in District 4 inevitably ends up involving the water - that's just the way things are around here. So when we got seven of us in a boat together and sailed off into the middle of the bay, we were prepared for something. Still, the moment Dylan suggested diving off the headland half of us were down to our swimming trunks in no time, diving from the boat into the deep blue waters of the bay, racing to be the first one to take the plunge. It was a battle that, inevitably, Finnick won. Finnick Odair, aside from being my best friend, is probably the most famous fourteen-year-old in the history of Panem, being the youngest person to ever emerge victorious from the Hunger Games just over two years ago. His short-cut bronze hair, sea-green eyes and tanned body are debatedly the most recognisable thing in modern culture, such was the Capitol's fascination with the guy. They were all drooling over him before a single weapon had been raised. Of course they were all going to support him in the arena. So, of course, it's no wonder that this amazing physical specimen would have the athletic prowess to swim across the bay faster than a bunch of other teenagers his own age. He'd give anyone a run for their money. They've been out there for getting on half an hour now, but I can still see that the four of them a hundred metres off having fun. Dylan, Finnick, and two of our other friends from school called Brandon Mullery and Maria Keller. Brandon, your average guy in District 4, only with some brains behind him. Maria, just a good girl who's up for a laugh from time to time. And they're certainly managing that now. Unfortunately, I'm kind of stuck where I am at the moment because there's no wind at all so the sails on Mr Odair's boat are completely useless, and with all the strong guys gone (by strong guys, I mean Brandon and Finnick), we're basically dead in the water. Which I suppose isn't too much of a bad thing. At least I don't have to worry about watching where we're going, simply because we're going nowhere. Of course, I wasn't the only one of our expedition that didn't decide that throwing myself of fifty-foot cliffs was the best thing to do. Sitting in the boat with me is Dylan's twin sister Annie Cresta and her friend Katherine Wright. I won't pretend that I know either of them overly well, knowing Annie through her brother who I've known for seemingly forever, and Katherine's been another face in the crowd at school for years. They both seem nice enough when I get a chance to talk to them. They're good-looking girls, too, which always helps. They both have slender builds, probably my height or a couple of inches taller (I have never been anything but short). Annie has long, wavy dark brown hair that runs way past her shoulders like my sister's used to, and has the same vivid green eyes as her brother. Katherine, who is slightly taller, has bullet-straight blonde hair that trails half way down her back, and blue eyes similar to my own. Actually, apart from the difference in hair length (my own mop of blond hair stops way before my shoulders), we don't look that far apart. Getting fed up of watching the guys fall about up at the headland, I lie back on the seats of our small boat, staring up at the near-cloudless sky. There is almost no noise, only the occasional sound of water lapping against the boat and the faintest glimpse of the wind, punctuated by the splashes and cheering coming from my friends at the headland. All things considered, life could be a lot worse right now. Annie's sitting on the edge of the boat, humming to herself, her back to the water. Katherine is lying back on her seat at the other end of the boat to me, her eyebrows furrowed in concentration as she struggles to read a book in the glare of the sun. I try to read the title of it, but the cover is silhouetted against the sun. Over time, I hear the splashes from the headland becoming more and more infrequent, and assume everyone's either got tired or someone has gotten bored and moved away. I suspect the latter. It turns out I'm correct when a minute later, a lone hand appears out of the water behind Annie, gets a handful of her green dress and pulls the screaming girl backwards off the edge of the boat into the water. In a split second both Katherine and I are bursting with laughter, and Finnick's laugh joins ours as he resurfaces a moment later, lying on his back in the water. Annie surfaces next to Finnick, her soaked dress billowing all around her, sodden brown hair falling straight down over her face. Glaring at Finnick, she pushes him away from her as he attempts to brush the hair away from her eyes. "I don't need your help," she snaps at him. "It's thanks to you that I'm in this situation in the first place." Somehow, the fact that it's annoyed her makes it all the more funny, although I can see why she's angry. It was a nice dress she was wearing; it's a shame Finnick ruined it. I offer Annie a hand back into the boat, which she accepts as I pull her in next to me, glancing over her shoulder to grin all too sweetly at Finnick. "You know, if you want to get anywhere with girls, you've got to treat them right, not just dump them in the sea without notice," I tease Finnick. He rolls his eyes at me, and I smirk. "You know fully well I could have anyone I wanted if I tried," Finnick says, hauling his semi-naked form back into our boat. "I mean, who wouldn't want all this?" He strikes a ridiculously provocative pose, the sort that he perfect to win sponsors back when he was in the Hunger Games two years ago. However, hear in District 4, all his poses manage to achieve is for Katherine to laugh at him. However Finnick shrugs it off and collapses into a seat next to Annie. "Is everyone else on their way back now?" I ask my friends, remember where Finnick had appeared from in the first place. "Take a look for yourself," Finnick says, nodding in the direction of Maria, Brandon and Dylan, who are swimming back towards the boat at a far more leisurely pace than the one Finnick managed just a minute or two ago. We only have to wait a few seconds for everyone to arrive again, suitably pleased by the morning's activities. "So where now?" I ask everyone once we're settled back into the boat. "I don't mind," Dylan says. "It's your birthday, after all." With everything that's gone on today, I'd almost pushed that to the back of my mind. I turn seventeen today. "Well, I guess we'd better head back," I say regretfully. "I have a busy evening ahead of me, so I'm going to need some time to sort myself out." By early afternoon