Harry Potter was a unique boy in many aspects. For one, he had rather messy, ruffled hair that did not seem to want to lay flat for any period of time. He grew up in an odd and rather sad of conditions, living with an aunt and uncle that did not care for him and a cousin that bullied him. But what perhaps made him special the most was the fact that something he did while just a year old made him famous across the entire Wizarding World, something he barely remembered. As a baby, he somehow managed to survive a Killing Curse cast by one of the most feared wizards of all time, Lord Voldemort, and forced him into a state of living that seemed just barely over the edge from death. For this, he had earned a reputation throughout the Wizarding World as the Boy Who Lived. Despite this, he lived through the first fourteen years of his life not knowing any of this. He lived in a state of near abuse, forced to live under a cupboard for close to fourteen years and be the punching bag of his abnormally fat cousin, Dudley Dursley, along with his parents, known to Harry as Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon, both unpleasant in sight and in personality. Growing up, he was never a popular kid in school, nor was he the most athletic, the smartest, or any of that. He was just Harry. But that changed on his fourteenth birthday, when he was introduced to a man named Rubeus Hagrid. Hagrid brought Harry into the Wizarding World, enlightening him of an entire community of wizards and witches that lived not just in Great Britain, but all throughout the world, from the United States to Australia to the far northern reaches of Siberia. From there on, Harry Potter lived his life knowing that he was a wizard and attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, all while having to return to the Dursleys for the summer months of July and August. Despite this, it was a vast shift in Harry's life from the monotonous and sometimes depressing life he had prior to learning of this Wizarding World. Having completed three years of schooling at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, he began his fourth well acquainted already with the Wizarding World, and ready to dive into another year at Hogwarts. Fleur Delacour was a unique girl in many aspects. For one, she was a quarter-Veela, which attracted the attention of nearly every guy she encountered. While she found this to be rather amusing when she first experienced this, she had grown to become rather tired of it, as it was difficult to find gentlemen who would not stare at her, glassy-eyed and tongue-tied. She also attended the Beauxbatons Academy of Magic, one of the premier schools of magic in the Wizarding World located in France. Lastly, she was well accustomed to speaking both English and French, having visited Great Britain many times on family business. Her bilingual skills along with her magical education as a seventh year at Beauxbatons made her an obvious choice as a part of the group of students that was to travel to Hogwarts to engage in the Triwizard Tournament, a prestigious tournament that had not been held in centuries due to safety concerns (although, who really is concerned about safety in the Wizarding World?). She, along with thirty other students, male and female, departed for Hogwarts on October 30th, intending to enter in the Tournament and win everlasting glory and fame for themselves and their school. Little did she know that she would discover more than she expected while at Hogwarts. "C'mon Harry, it's time for dinner!" "Just give me a minute Ron!" Harry called back to his friend who was tapping his foot at the entrance to the common room. Harry leaned back over his Transfiguration essay with a slight frown on his face, unable to figure out how to add an extra inch of information to make it the required fourteen inches that Professor McGonagall had asked for. After a few moments, he sighed and dropped his quill, deciding that he would probably be more able to focus with a full stomach. He packed up his books and parchment before heading over to Ron Weasley, one of Harry's best friends, who was standing by the common room with an annoyed expression on his face. "Finally, Harry, my stomach is just waiting to be filled! What were you working on anyway that you couldn't wait until tonight to finish?" Ron exclaimed as they climbed through the portrait hole and set down the corridor towards the Great Hall. "McGonagall's Switching Spells essay," Harry muttered as they headed down the marble staircase to the first floor. "I never started on it and its due tomorrow! And I've still got to do Snape's essay on antidotes, and that's due next Thursday! Plus we've got those other schools coming here tomorrow, and we're supposed to be ready to greet them at six." "Blimey, I forgot all about those schools and the tournament itself even." "Yeah, well it's not like we'll be participating in it will we? Not unless we magically grow three years older in the span of a day." "Ah, you never know, maybe we could ask Fred and George for something, I'm sure they've figured out a way to get in." The two continued to discuss the tournament until they reached the Great Hall, where they headed down the Gryffindor table and took seats across from Hermione Granger, the smartest girl in their year and their other best friend. Hermione was poring over Arithmancy textbooks when Harry and Ron arrived. "Oi, Hermione!" said Ron as he began to grab food and pile it on his plate. "It's dinner, what're you still studying for?" "I've got a test over this chapter in a few days and I've barely even studied for it!" cried Hermione as she continued to read and eat at the same time. "Plus I haven't finished McGonagall's essay, and we have to greet Beauxbatons and Durmstrang tomorrow, so I'll barely have any time then to get work done." "Am I really the only one that forgot about that?" Ron wondered out loud as he chewed on some crisps. "Guess you are," replied Harry as he ate his chicken leg. "Wonder who'll be Hogwarts champion though." "You should place your bets on one of us!" Harry turned to see Fred and George Weasley plop down next to them, grinning as though they had discovered something they shouldn't. "And why would we do that?" Hermione responded as she finally closed her textbook to look at the twins. "You two aren't even of age yet, you won't be able to enter." "Ah, but young Hermione, that's where your wrong," said Fred with confidence as he began to get some food to eat. "You see, we've found a way to get into the tournament," "A way that is ingenious and foolproof," "A way that Dumbledore himself would not be able to counter!" "And that is?" said Hermione as she folded her arms, a skeptical look plastered on her face. "An Aging Potion!" The twins chortled at once. "You really think an Aging Potion would be able to get one over on Dumbledore?" Ron asked as Hermione scoffed at them and resumed eating. "Well he said an impartial judge would determine who enters or not, so we wouldn't even be getting one over Dumbledore really!" George exclaimed. "Quite ingenious really. Sometimes the best solutions are the simplest ones!" "I bet Dumbledore would find a way to sort out the people that aren't actually allowed to enter though," remarked Harry. "Oh Harry, why must you be so negative?" Fred sighed. "Maybe if you were given an Aging Potion yourself- " "You'd be more inclined to support our endeavors!" George finished. "Thanks for the offer," Harry laughed as he continued eating. "But I think I'd rather just wait three more years." The group continued discussing the tournament the rest of dinner before getting up and returning to the common room, where Fred and George immediately sought out their friend Lee Jordan to show them some new products they developed. Ron stared at them as they walked away, a thoughtful look on his face. "You know, maybe they have a point with the impartial judge." "Oh, not you too Ron," Hermione sighed as she got out her books and continued her work. "Believe me, I don't think Dumbledore will be fooled by a silly Aging Potion. I'm sure he's found ways to block out people that aren't actually allowed to enter." "Yeah, probably," murmured Ron as he sat down, looking thoroughly defeated. "Still though, three years later from now and we'll be able to enter." "Three years," Harry repeated as he pulled out his Transfiguration essay and contemplated how to finish it. The next day, classes were let out at five thirty so that students would be able to drop their book bags off in their dormitories and head down to the front grounds in anticipation of the arrivals of Beauxbatons and Durmstrang. The students were organized by house and lined up in the entrance hall, many murmuring anxiously. "Weasley, straighten your hat," Professor McGonagall snapped at Ron. "Miss Patil, take that ridiculous thing out of your hair." Parvati scowled and removed a large ornamental butterfly from the end of her plait. The students followed their Heads as they filed down the front steps and lined up in front of the castle. The moon was already slightly visible over the Forbidden Forest and Harry could see the many first years in front of him shivering with excitement. "Nearly six," muttered Ron, checking his watch and then staring down the drive. "How d'you reckon they're coming? The train?" "I doubt it," said Hermione. "How, then? Broomsticks?" Harry suggested, looking up at the starry sky. "I don't think so, not from that far away…" "A Portkey?" Ron suggested. "Or they could Apparate – maybe you're allowed to do it under twenty wherever they come from?" "You can't Apparate inside the Hogwarts grounds, how often do I have to tell you?" said Hermione impatiently. The students milled around, scanning the darkening grounds and searching for any sign of the foreign schools, but there seemed to be no movement. Everything was quite usual. Harry was beginning to feel rather chilly, and wished the other schools would hurry up. And then Dumbledore called out from the back row where he stood with the other teachers – "Aha! Unless I am very much mistaken, the delegation from Beauxbatons approaches!" "Where?" said many students eagerly, all looking in different directions. " There !" yelled a sixth year, pointing over the forest. Something large, much larger than a broomstick – or indeed, a hundred broomsticks – was hurting across the deep blue sky toward the castle, growing larger all the time. "It's a dragon!" shrieked one of the first years, losing her mind completely. "Don't be stupid…it's a flying house!" cried Dennis Creevey. Dennis was rather close with his guess. As the shape skimmed over the Forbidden Forest and entered the lights of the castle windows, they saw a gigantic horse-drawn carriage pulled through the air by a dozen winged horses, all palominos, and each the size of an elephant. It landed at a tremendous speed and stopped in front of the assembled Hogwarts students. Harry just saw the coat of arms on the door of the carriage before it opened, and a boy in pale blue robes jumped down and unfolded a set of golden steps. He sprang back respectfully as Harry saw a giant high-heeled black shoe emerge from inside the carriage followed by the largest woman he had ever seen in his life. Many people gasped as they saw this woman. Harry believed he had only ever seen one person as large as this woman in his life,