Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. **Yeah, I'm not Stephanie Meyer's rich! I prance around my room, getting myself dolled up for my nightly video sex chat with my husband. It is getting hard to masturbate with my growing baby bump, but my man is on his way home for good. I'm so excited. I gloss up my lips and fluff my hair as I stand back and admire myself in the floor length mirror. Yeah, I look good, even with my belly. My boobs are swollen, my belly is round with our son, my ass is juicy, and I must say I think I am glowing a little. I look damn good pregnant. Okay, I just look damn good. I was worried that pregnancy wouldn't look good on me - let's not pretend that it looks good on everyone. My computer starts with the usual Face Time notification ring. I run over to my desk and am met by the stressed-out face of my sexy man. I fix the camera and stand back, giving him a view of my body in the cute little lace tank top and matching panties. "You like?" I purr as I twirl around, giving him a view of my ass. "Damn, baby, you're making this hard for me." "Oh, daddy I know it's hard, but you'll be inside my pussy before you know it." He groans loudly as he shifts in his chair, adjusting his obvious, growing erection. "Tiny, can you put on some clothes I need to talk to you." I sit down in my desk chair, a sudden dread comes over me. I walk over to the bed and pick up my robe, wrapping it around me. "Baby, can you go get Mom and Dad, so I can talk to you all together?" My body starts to tremble as I stand there staring at him. "Edward, what's going on?" He lets out a frustrated sigh tugs on his hair. "Baby, please go get Mom and Dad." I hesitate for just a minute before rushing into my in-law's room. The door is open as always in case I need something, so I knock. Carlisle, my father-in-law is flipping through channels as Esme, my mother-in-law puts away laundry. Carlisle looks up at me and sits up once he notices my distraught facial expression. "Bella, what is it?" I let out a sigh. "Edward would like to talk to all of us. Can you both come into my room?" Esme walks over to me and rubs my back. "Sure, sweetheart." Esme and I walk back into my room with Carlisle closely behind us. I sit down in my desk chair, watching as Edward mumbles to himself and abuses his hair. "Son, is everything all right?" Carlisle asks. "No. We're being sent on a mission tonight. I could be gone a few months." I start wailing as the reality of his words hit me. Mom is crying quietly next to me. Carlisle, ever the calm one tries, to console us both with reassuring rubs on the back. "What is the mission? Where are you going?" Edward lets out a frustrated breath. "I can't tell you that, dad. It's top secret. We just got a small piece of the information and will get the rest on the flight. I just wanted to say goodbye…" At the word "goodbye" my body cunvulse as my in-laws stand behind me rubbing my shoulders. My husband looks at me with sad eyes through the computer screen. "Tiny, please look at me, baby." "No, Edward! I thought you were coming home, and now you tell us you have to go on some top-secret mission to God-knows-where and for who-knows-how-long. I really hate the fact that I'm on a need-to-know basis when it comes to my husband's whereabouts." Esme bends down and rubs soothing circles on my five-month pregnant belly. "Bella, you need to calm down. You don't need to upset yourself. Edward will be safe and get back to us as soon as the mission is over." I'm way too emotional right now. "Cullen, we're moving out!" Someone screams in the background and panic starts to rise in my chest as the tears run down my face. "I have to go, Mom, Dad I love you. May I speak to Bella alone?" My mother-in-law leans toward the computer and presses her fingers to her lips and then to the screen. "You come home to us as soon as you can, sweetheart. I love you." Esme squeezes my hand and then walks to the door as Carlisle leans toward the computer screen. "Watch your back out there, Edward. Love you, son." They exit the room and leave me alone with the computer. Once the door closes, the little composure I had falls and I start sobbing. Him being away at training and doing small missions are one thing, but this seems to be on another level. "Baby, I gotta go. I love you and our son." "We love you, too, daddy." He groans loudly. "Can daddy see your tits before I go?" I roll my eyes at him. Leave it up to my crazy-ass husband to still be horny at a time like this. I open my robe and reveal my lace tank top. I take my tank and pull it down over one of my breasts and hold it in my hand. "Damn, pregnancy is good on you. I'll have them in my mouth real soon, baby." "I'm counting on it, daddy." "Cullen! We're moving out!" Edward rolls his eyes as I quickly pull my shirt back up. The tears start falling again. "Take care of yourself and my son. I'll see you soon. Love you Tiny." "I love you, too, daddy. Always." The computer shuts off and I sit there staring at the screen as the tears fall. I won't think of anything negative. I will not do it. I will not think of raising our child by myself or never leaving my in-laws' house. Edward insisted that we stay here until the baby's born and he's home for good. After staring at the screen, wishing his face to come back on, I numbly walk over to our bed and crash. I really love my in-laws and, unlike my parents, they don't mind the age difference between Edward and myself. For some reason the ten-year difference really pissed off my parents. So much so that they missed the wedding of their only child and have yet to acknowledge their grandchild. Meeting Edward was the best thing that ever happened to me; he is truly my soul mate. I lie there remembering our whirlwind romance. It all happened so fast. I had just finished getting my degree in photography from The Art Institute of Seattle, and my girls and I went out to celebrate. As I was walking down the street, this hot ass guy with tats running up his arms and some serious fuck-me hair was hanging outside a bar with some friends. As soon as I saw him my young twenty-two year old body started feeling things it had never felt before. We passed the obviously older men, when he reached out and grabbed my hand. An electric current ran through my body, setting me on fire, and we both gasped at the sudden feeling. "What's your name, Tiny?" He asked me, his voice deep and seductive. "Isabella, but you can call me Bella." I gave him what I hoped was a sexy look because this was all-new to me. I had never been with anyone let alone, a fine piece of man meat like him. He was a man, a real man, at least in his thirties - what could he possibly want with me. Well, I knew what he wanted and believe me I would give it to him in a second. He pulled me to him and whispered into my ear. I should've been offended that this grown man was practically manhandling me, but I wasn't. I was so turned on and I whimpered as his fingertips caressed my knuckles. "I'm Edward, but you can call me daddy." A gush of liquid pooled in my panties and I was a goner from then on. Edward Cullen owned me, and he knew it from the second we touched. We were inseparable after that first night. He was home on an extended leave but would be called back for any special missions, if his team was needed. We spent every waking second together, and when I gave him my virginity, we were already professing our love for one another. It was two weeks after we met, and I honestly had no idea how I lasted that long with his dirty-ass mouth and his continuous touches all over my body. We were at his apartment and I had had yet another argument with my parents about our relationship. Edward and I were sitting on the couch and he was rubbing the stress from my shoulders while I cried. "I just don't understand why they can't see how happy we are together." He pulled me into his lap and squeezed my back to his front as he gently kissed my neck. "Tiny, I don't give a shit what your parents think about us. I love you, baby, and that's all that matters." I stand up and turn around to straddle his lap. He grabbed my ass, pulling me into him and taking my bottom lip by his teeth. His hard member strained against his jeans, and I rubbed myself against him, causing him to growl. "You better stop, little girl, unless you're ready for daddy's cock. Are you ready, Tiny?" He kissed up my collarbone, causing me to grind my aching center into him. "I'm ready, daddy. " Edward froze mid-kiss and pulled back to stare into my eyes. "Don't play with me, Tiny. There will be no turning back once I'm inside you. You're already mine, but once I pop that cherry I'm never letting you go." I leaned into him and gently pressed my lips to his. "I'm ready, Edward." I whispered the words so quietly that I barely heard them myself. I watched as something clicked inside of him, and he pulled me into him, crashing our lips together as he jumped up while still keeping a firm hold on my ass. He led us into the bedroom and kicked the door shut. "I'm going to take my time with that sweet little pussy. Would you like that, Tiny?" He slid me down his body so that I could stand in front of him. "I don't care as long as you're inside of me." He slowly tickled my skin with his fingers as he pulled my shirt over my head. He looked down, smirking, once he noticed I wasn't wearing a bra. My breasts heaved up and down at the possibilities of him being inside of me in the most intimate way. I was saving myself; I had no idea for what or for whom but no one had ever made me feel the way I had felt since meeting Edward. Edward kissed slowly down my neck, my chest, and my stomach before stopping at my belly and sticking his tongue inside, torturing me. He unbuttoned my pants and slipped them down my body, pulling them off one leg at a time. He kissed his way back up my legs, nudging my center with his nose and inhaling loudly. Moving his head side to side, he gripped my underwear and slowly took them off. "On the bed and open wide so I can get a good view of your pussy." "Yes, daddy." I purred as I crawled slowly up the bed. I turned around to see Edward removing his clothes. As he stroked his swollen cock, his eyes traveled down my body with hunger. Seeing him rub