Here is my entry to the Misletoe contest. Beta'd by the wonderful Sunflower Fran! Title: Jingle Balls & Mistletoe Summary: Uptight Professor, Edward Cullen will do, anything it takes to save his parents' home. Dressing like Santa and working for his little brother will have to do, but will his favorite student approve? Pairing: Edward & Bella Beta: Sunflower Fran Rating: M Word count: 9,438 Jingle Balls & Mistletoe Edward POV "Do you like my cock?" I grit out between my teeth as I move inside of her hitting her g-spot. I'm hitting it from behind; her round ass is bouncing up and down as I slam repeatedly inside her. Her face is hidden from me behind a mass of long dark hair with blonde streaks. My fingers weave through soft tresses pulling her to me. "Yes! Like that!" She screams out. "Oh, baby, I know you love my Horizontal Shift inside you!" Bending down I lick the sweat from her back grinding inside of her. My teeth sink into her pale skin and she turns around to look me in the eye. Deep chocolate meet mine in heated passion. "Fuck me Professor Cullen, more!" She whispers… Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. The alarm goes off and I immediately open my eyes turning towards it to hit the snooze. The clock reads 6:00am Dec 1, 2014. Ugh! The Christmas Season. Someone tie me up now and make me watch hours of It's a Wonderful Life . That's my idea of hell. It's my least favorite time of the year. Christmas always reminds me of how my brother, Carlisle took my presents just because he never wanted me to be happy or to enjoy anything. He was a mean little prick. It also reminds me of how my father was never home, because he pulled a double shift at the plant where he worked up until his arthritis finally caught up to him. In the shower, I replay the dream over and over in my head as my hand wraps around my erection. I can practically feel her body against mine like a long algorithm begging to be solved. Every dream is practically the same, us having sex; she's bent over begging for me to continue while I search inside of her for the answer to my complex equation . I can't believe I had another damn dream about her, the girl with the luscious breasts and fuckable ass. An ass that haunts me. Damn! It's seven thirty! As a professor, it doesn't look good to be late. I need to let my students know that there is no better subject to learn in the morning than Theory! Now I'm ready to teach my eight o'clock class; The Introduction to Game Theory . It's a math class for Economics majors and minors. I just love waking up and discussing dominance, backward induction, Nash equilibrium, and evolutionary stability to a bunch of eager learners. It's really a fascinating subject, but one that most people just do not understand. I put on my prescription Ray Bans before I walk out of the house into my black Prius. Just thinking about how much money this car save me on gas makes me smile wider. Pulling up at the University, I step out of the car dressed in my pleated Dockers and crisp white shirt. I'm an Associate Professor I have to dress the part; once I'm done with my Doctorate I'll be Dr. Edward Cullen, Professor of Mathmatics. Entering the large classroom, I nod at the students who were brave enough to tackle Theory this early in the morning. Turning to address the class, I walk around the desk and bump directly into one of my students. Not just any student, but the bane of my existence; the brown eyes and dark brown hair that haunt me every damn night: Isabella Swan or Bella as she insists I call her. Which I've been able to ignore for the past four months since the semester started. "Miss. Swan, excuse me, I didn't see you." I immediately drop my hands from around her bare waist. Good Lord, this girl is sin in heels with her little red skirt, candy cane stockings, elf hat and a tight red t-shirt that leaves a sliver of skin showing on her pale, flat stomach. Her C-cup breast press against my chest and I instantly harden from the contact. Her little hands rest on my shoulders rubbing an invisible spot with fingertips. "Oh, that's fine Professor Cullen. Have you been working out?" She asks as she gives my bicep a hard squeeze. "Since you mentioned it, I do have quite a vigorous weightlifting regiment that my cousin Emmett and I have lived by for years." I flex my muscles just to prove my point. "Well keep up the good work, Professor." She giggles and walks away, her bubble ass causing her short skirt to sway from side to side. She reminds me of a complicated math problem that I just want to solve. Not only that, but her lower body parts remind me of the Leg of an Isosceles Triangle. Damn. Shaking my head and closing my mouth, I face my class getting ready to teach one of the most intriguing subjects to me. Most of the students are slouched over their desk; eyes closed looking as though they're still trying to recover from a weekend of partying. Well, this will get their attention! "Game Theory! Today we will discuss c ommitment, credibility, asymmetric information, adverse selection, and..." Walking to the board, I list them all out. I turn around to find Isabella staring at me, her pen between her teeth her legs cross. My hard-on that was deflating perks up immediately at her suggestive behavior as her pink little tongue comes out and circles the top of the pen. She looks down at the growing bulge between my legs and raises an eyebrow. I quickly turn around with my back facing the class. Secretly adjusting myself, because Miss Swan makes my statistic rise with just one look. Turning to the class careful to avoid eye contact with her, I slap my hands together, "Let's start discussing commitment ." ~JB&M~ After a grueling day, I drive through my parents' middleclass neighborhood in a Chicago suburb. Christmas lights and decoration cover just about every other house. Some of the homes are just disgustingly over decorated with music playing and blown up snowmen and Santa Clauses all over their lawns. I'd probably enjoy watching a marathon of any Real Housewife show instead of driving through this Christmas explosion. I am armed with our favorite, seafood deep-dish pizza and a six-pack of Miller Light for my dad Ed Sr. My brother is a year younger than I am and has acted like it every second of our lives. Carlisle Cullen's one main goal in life is to try to be better than me at everything, and he does this every chance he gets. He owns several businesses, some of which I would not be caught dead in. He has a girlfriend, Esme, who curses like a sailor and dresses like a streetwalker. Every time she opens her mouth, I feel like I need to shower. She and Carlisle seem to work though, so I guess that's all that matters. I don't like my brother I think he's a few numbers short of a full equation, but I want the best for him. Carlisle hasn't been to seen our parents in months, that's why I make it a habit to visit as much as possible. Monday nights are for Dad and me ... we watch football. Yes, I like football; it's fascinating how the plays are like complex equations waiting to be solved by the other team. My father was shocked the first time I sat down and watched a game with him. I was so caught up with each play; the distance of each throw and how weather actually affects the game, that is how I became my father's football buddy, and hence our Monday night ritual was born. I enter my parents' house taking in the familiar smell of Pine Sol and bleach. I pass a pile of mail on the chest in the hallway as I make my way to the living room. My parents sit in the front room in matching armchairs watching Wheel Of Fortune. Their hands are clasped together, and I feel a pang of jealousy on what they have been able to maintain for more than thirty-five years. "Junior! You're early." My dad says as he looks up at me through cataract riddled eyes as I lean down to give him a hug. "Thank God, you brought beer!" He whispers in my ear. I then move over to my mother and kiss her gently on the cheek. "You look thin Junior, are you eating?" My mother says as she pats my hand. "Yes, Mother I'm eating." Sitting the pizza down on the coffee table, I walk to the kitchen to grab some plates. Opening the refrigerator, I look around noticing it's empty except for some creamer, bread, lunchmeat and a few other items. Something is wrong. My father and I sit and watch football and eat our pizza with forks, while my mother sits in her recliner clipping coupons. I glance at her, taking a deep breath wondering why there is no food in the fridge and a pile of bills overflowing in the hallway. I decide I'm going to get to the bottom of this. As I sit on the oversized, floral sofa, I begin to open each one. There are a number of past due and final notices. The last envelope was from the bank. There are multiple letters from the bank stating that they are giving my parents until December nineteenth to pay the balance due of a twenty-five thousand dollar loan or the house goes up for auction. I am stunned; it's obvious my parents have not opened any of their mail. "Mom, Dad have you all seen the letters from the bank?" I ask looking up at both of them. "No, what are they saying?" My mother asks kindly. "It says you are twenty-five thousand dollars behind on your mortgage payments and you have until December, Nineteenth to pay or the house will be up for auction." My father sits up and stares at me as if he cannot believe this. "How is that possible?" My father asks. "Lord, Where are we going to find that kind of money by the nineteenth?" My mother starts crying. Dad goes over to her, wrapping her in his arms. "Junior, we only have about half of that in our savings." My father says to me. "Don't worry about it, Carlisle and I will handle it. I promise." ~JB&M~ I drive from my parents' house in a daze. I can't let them be evicted; where would they go. That place is their life, their home. I could spare about ten thousand from my savings, but I would need to get the other ten from Carlisle and use five from my parents. I have a migraine the size of an Infinite Geometric Series just thinking about asking my brother for money, but they're his parents, too, so what could possibly go wrong… "No. You're the golden child you handle it." Carlisle says his blonde hair falling over his eyes. I'm currently standing in his office at his male exotic dance club. Yep, my brother owns strip clubs, male strip clubs. He swears there's an obscene amount of money to be made off of desperate housewives, and judging by how crowded this place is on a Monday, he could be right. "Don't be selfish Carlisle, where talking about our parents. Do it for them not me." I run my fingers through my hair in frustration. Of all the negative things he has ever done to