Here is my entry to the Twilight Trick or Treat contest. Beta'd by the amazing Daphodil any other mistakes are mine. Title of Story: Trust In The Moon Goddess Story Summary: Head Wizard Edward Cullen has waited ten All Hallows Eves for his one True Mate. Will this be his year? Standard Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Edward It's been ten fucking All Hallows Eves and yet every year I've yet to find my mate. Every year I've been left alone. All Hallows Eve is the biggest damn holiday for my kind, and as Head Wizard being without a mate is an embarrassment. A leader without a mate, that's what the fuck I am. I might as well not be a leader at all in some people's opinion. In our world finding your one true mate is equivalent to breathing. Young witches or wizards reach adult-hood upon their twenty-first All Hallows Eve and are eligible to participate in the Mating Patch. At midnight on All Hallows Eve, the Moon Goddess shines down on the unmated and leads the witch to her one true love, or so is the way it should be. Trust in the Moon Goddess. It is a very hard thing to do, especially if you participate in the Mating Patch year after year, just to come up mateless. The worst part is watching all the newly mated together and their instant love. It's the worst fucking feeling, like being cut open and left exposed. The Gathering is in one week. Wizards and witches have been gathering on what humans call Halloween for centuries. It is our largest celebration and also the day where the newly mated are married in front of the Moon Goddess. Knock. Knock. I sigh coming out of my musings. "Come in." My sister, Alice, a tornado of a witch, barges in. She's incredibly small to be my sister as I am over six feet tall. "Edward, we have a problem! Mrs. Cope has Witches Pox. We have to hire a temp, the Gathering is in one-week and there is no way I can pull off the perfect event without an extra pair of magical hands!" Alice flops down in one of the chairs in my office. Alice has never needed air to breathe so it's no surprise that she has not taken a breath since she entered my office. "Then hire someone. I personally don't give a damn. I would skip the Gathering altogether if I wasn't Head Wizard." A little slap hits my face and I see my sister's wand finger pointed at me while she stays seated. "Did you just smack the Head Wizard?" I scowl at her. "No. I smacked my damn brother. What in the Moon Goddess do you mean you wouldn't go? Edward, this is the year you will find her. I know it!" She sounds so sure, I almost allow myself to hope. "Alice, I really don't want to talk about this. Just hire someone to help out while Mrs. Cope is sick," I bark at her. Honestly what the hell would she know about yearning to find your mate? She found Jasper her twenty-first All Hallows Eve. "Fine! Don't curse me. I know the perfect witch, my friend Hallow. I met her this year at the Advanced Potions Academy. It's her first All Hallows Eve at the mating patch. Very exciting." She stands happily. "Hallow?" I ask, another witch named after All Hallows Eve, no doubt she was conceived the day her parents mated. "Yes, her real name is Isabella. She's perfect for you—" I raise my eyebrow at her. "Alice … I'm not looking for anyone, and a young girl should really hold out for her mate so please no match-making," I tell her as she twirls around and glares at me. "Whatever you say, Head Wizard." She bows and then says, "To Hallows." With a flick of her index finger she's gone. With Mrs. Cope out we will need an extra pair of hands, I just have to be on the lookout for Alice trying to play matchmaker. There could be a number of reasons why I don't have my mate, but I can't take the chance of finding an alternative. My leadership is based on legend that most of my kind still hold dear, but there are a few who do not feel finding your true mate is import. As long as there is hope that the one for me may still be out there, I will keep waiting for her. With my luck she may not be born yet and I will have to wait twenty-one years. There is a quick knock on my door, then the person enters without being invited to do so. Aro Volturi walks into the room wearing all black; half of his long black hair is pulled back in a ponytail while the rest flows down his back. He looks like a woman, for Goddess sake. Just what I need, this power-hungry wizard barging in on me. "Aro. To what do I owe this pleasure?" I ask not standing from my desk. "As you know, the Gathering is approaching. I have met with the elders, and we have all voted." He pauses, trying to get a reaction out of me. "If you do not mate at this year's Gathering, a mated wizard will be sworn in by the elders." I take a deep breath telling myself not to curse this bastard for his nerve. "I'm surprised you agreed to that since you are not mated yourself. We both know you've wanted the Head Wizard position for decades." "Edward, my dear friend, you see I will be mated at this year's Gathering. Unlike you, I know that there is no one true mate for anyone, and so at the Gathering, I am marrying a witch of my own choosing," he says, smugly walking around the office as if he's decorating. "Whoever she is, I pray to the Moon Goddess that she comes to her senses. Nevertheless, you will not be Head Wizard if I have anything to say about it. Now if you'll excuse me, I have work to do." I stand up out of my chair challenging him. "We shall see. Good bye Head Wizard, enjoy your post while it last." He flicks his wand finger "Home" and disappears. "Motherfucker!" I flick my finger to throw a vase across the room. I won't settle for anyone other than my mate, and if she is not at this year's Gathering then I have no choice but to give up being the Head Wizard. Hallow "Hallow, you must understand. I made some very bad investments and Aro was kind enough to help me. The time of finding true mates is coming to an end," My father says this as if trying to make me feel better. "Really, Dad! It's not over for me. It's been my dream to find my true mate at the Mating Patch." I grit the words out through my clenched teeth. The nerve of my father, giving me away to the highest bidder. The sad thing is there is nothing I can do about it, absolutely nothing but pray to the Moon Goddess that I find my way to the Matting Patch somehow and that my true mate will be waiting. Who knew Charles Swan could be so cruel to his own flesh and blood. My father has always been a loving parent, doting on me as his only child. Being an underage witch I am forced to abide by his rules I would never go against him. I will be of age on this All Hallows Eve, and therefore could choose not to mate with Aro. But do I dare go against my father? "I know you don't understand, but everyone is not destined to find their mate. Look at Aro for example; the Moon Goddess brought him his mate decades ago only to be rejected. I'm saving you from that type of pain." He pleads to me with eyes identical to mine, his thick mustache twitching as it always does when he's uncomfortable. I want to trust him, tell him and tell him it's all right, but I can't. "It's easy for you to say. You found Mom at the Matting Patch and conceived me that day. Which is a constant reminder that my parents had sex hours after they first met!" I storm out of my father's home office. My mother, Renee, stands in the kitchen doorway staring at me with tears in her hazel eyes, her light brown hair up in a bun. She goes to open her mouth but is interrupted by the doorbell. She wipes her hand on her apron as if she'd been cooking all day instead of just flicking her wand finger. Walking past me, she stops and moves my dark brown hair out of my face. "Trust in the Moon Goddess, Hallow. Your father is doing what is best for all of us." I turn to watch her walk away, wiping the tears that have fallen and trying to calm myself down. I follow the trail of voices at the door to find my friend Alice talking to my mother. My relief at seeing her is instant, and I rush over to her and take her by the arm. "Oh, Alice, I'm glad you're here. Let's go. Mom, I'll be back later." I pull Alice out of the house before my mother can say another word. "Hallow, slow down. Is everything alright?" Her hand on my shoulders sends me over the edge. Before I know it, I am a big, sobbing mess. Alice leads me over to a small park. We live in a large wizard community in Seattle so it's no surprise to find little children practicing magic around us. We sit down at a bench and watch a small girl try to make a twig dance. The sight of her breaks my heart. Will I ever have children with Aro? The thought of having sex with him causes my entire body to shiver and a new bout of tears to fall. I've never been with anyone before and I don't know the first thing about it, but I do remember all the stories when of how it is the first time you're your true mate. It's supposed to be so magical that you don't know where you end and they begin. "Do you want to talk about it? The way you ran out of your house tells me your parents are involved." Alice rubs my back and I'm momentarily calmed. "My father owes Aro Volturi a large sum of money. As payment they have decided that I marry Aro at the Gathering instead of finding my mate." The words seem to make the situation more dire than before. "Hallow, there's nothing to worry about. We just have to get you to the Mating Patch." She gives me a reassuring smile. I want to believe her. "Alice, even if I make it to the Patch somehow, there's no guarantee he's out there. What if he's not born yet? What if he has waited too long and has given up? Nothing is certain," I tell her. These are the fears that I have lived with my entire life. True mates are becoming a thing of the past because witches and wizards no longer want to wait for their one true love. They want instant gratification, but not me. I want him. My one true mate. "Hallow, trust in the Moon Goddess. She will lead you to your true mate this Gathering. In the meantime, I have the perfect thing to keep you busy." She gives me a knowing smile. Edward I materialize the next day directly to my office. I didn't sleep at all trying to figure out a way to change the Elders' minds.