Author's Note- Written for Prompts in Panem, Special Challenges. Prompt: Holiday Everlark Rest of notes to follow... I don't own THG or its characters. "You know I'm never going to forgive you for putting my name on that stupid email," Katniss grumbles, thumbing through a third cookbook, wrinkling her nose as her eyes scan the pages for something that doesn't look ridiculously complicated. "Oh, shut up," Madge replies gleefully, folding down another page. "It will be fun, and you'll thank me at the end of the night." "My hips won't," she retorts. "Don't you have your first dress fitting the day before New Year's?" "Katniss, a few fucking cookies and a couple of glasses of red wine are not gonna make or break us. When have you ever counted calories before? Besides, you could consume an entire bakery full of sweets and the scale probably wouldn't register an ounce. Stop making excuses." She tosses her blonde hair over her shoulder and shoves the book she's been perusing across the couch cushion. "These look good." Katniss glances down at the picture. The Peppermint Divinity cookies look sinfully good; what they do not look is easy. She shrugs and pushes the book back towards Madge. "Then forget about your almond crescents, and you make them." "You love those almond crescents," she smirks back. A week ago, an email had circulated at school, inviting the entire third grade teaching staff—all eight women—to a cookie swap at Delly Cartwright's house. Delly had bubbled that it's something her mother has always done, and it will be a fun bonding experience. A night of eating cookies had sounded remotely appealing to Katniss, but she had been horrified once Madge had explained how the whole thing worked: each of the guests was to bake nine dozen cookies, and then on the night of the swap, they would exchange one dozen of the kind they baked with every other woman in attendance, taking home eight different cookies from their own. The extra dozen cookies each woman brought would be set out for sampling as they chatted and drank wine. She is not a baker; she's actually a lousy cook in general, and when Madge isn't home, Katniss eats a lot of single-serve dinners and take-out as a result. She can barely follow a recipe enough to make one batch of cookies, let alone nine times that, and she's always been more than content to deal with store-bought ones. But Madge had needled her and badgered her—daily at lunch, and after school at the gym, and at home in the evenings—until last Friday morning, right before the bell rang, wearing a sadistic smile, she had informed Katniss that she had emailed Delly back, RSVPing for them both, and Katniss would let Delly know by Monday what kind of cookie she would be bringing. Once she had finished cursing out Madge, she had reluctantly decided on chocolate chip cookies—fully intending to grab some of those slice-and-bake ones from the grocery store. However, when she had stopped by Delly's classroom on her way out that afternoon, the chipper blonde had politely said chocolate chip weren't allowed, and that the cookies needed to be 'more creative and more festive.' So here she is, two glasses of wine in on a Saturday night, trying to find an acceptable cookie that is also relatively simple, since it will be a monumental enough task that she gets them to turn out edible. Katniss's eyes land on a recipe that only has ten ingredients. She skims the list: flour, baking soda, cocoa, butter…these Marble Snickerdoodles look promising. "What about these?" she points. Madge grabs the cookbook and studies the page. Her nose wrinkles thoughtfully, then her blue eyes dance, and a smile spreads across her face. "These you can definitely do," she enthuses. She flags the page with a Post-it note. "We should have most of these ingredients lying around too. Well, now that that's settled," Madge continues, draining the last of her wine, "I'm supposed to meet Gale at eight for dinner. You want to join us?" Katniss considers the offer for about five seconds. Playing third wheel with Madge and her fiancé while they play footsie under the table and drone on about their wedding details, or put on her flannel pajamas, brew some tea, and watch something inane on Netflix? Easy decision. "Nah. I'll call for some Chinese or heat up that risotto from last night." Madge shrugs and stands, arching her back as she stretches out. "Suit yourself. I'm gonna stay at Gale's tonight, so you can be as loud as you want with your battery-operated buddy." Katniss takes the last swig of her wine and launches a pillow at Madge, who deflects it easily with her left hand. She doesn't dwell much on the fact that her last relationship was almost two years ago, but she's growing a little weary of Madge teasing her about her dry spell—especially since Katniss is the reason Madge and her fiancé got together in the first place. When Madge leaves, Katniss changes into her pajamas, orders some Thai food, and queues up Orange is the New Black . She flops onto the couch with a copy of Entertainment Weekly and waits for her dinner. The buzzer sounds about twenty minutes later, and as she pays the delivery guy and accepts her food, the stairwell door—which is a mere fifteen feet or so from her apartment—opens, and she finds herself locking eyes with Peeta Mellark. His intense blue gaze rakes her up and down briefly before he gives her a warm smile and heads down the hallway to his apartment. She slips back inside and slams the door before he reaches his unit, not oblivious to the little ripple in her belly. Since the attractive blond man moved in down the hall several months ago, Madge has been ribbing Katniss that he has his eye on her. But if Peeta really were interested in her, wouldn't he have approached her by now? Proximity certainly plays in his favor. Yet other than the occasional smile as they pass in the hall, and one isolated conversation about the weather when they both rode the elevator up at the same time, she has had very little direct interaction with Peeta. In fact, she only knows his last name because his electric bill once accidentally wound up in her and Madge's mailbox. Before she had walked the envelope down the hall, she had dragged a brush through her hair and swished some Scope around in her mouth. When Peeta opened the door, she had finally gotten a good look into those impossibly blue eyes, which were framed by the longest golden lashes she'd seen on a man or a woman. On that particular day, his strong jawline had been flecked with blond stubble, and when he had stepped towards her to take the bill and murmur his thanks, she had discerned the scents of cinnamon and dill. It was an odd combination, but strangely intoxicating, and comforting too, and it had lingered in her nostrils for the rest of that evening. As had particularly vivid, completely inappropriate images of her sexy neighbor. Which hadn't stopped after that evening. And still persist to this day. And now, having just gotten a glimpse of him, hair slightly damp, gym bag slung over his shoulder, her imagination can easily fill in the blanks as to where he'd been and what he'd been doing. She bites her lip when she visualizes him standing under the spray in the gym shower, steam rising around him, the hot needles of water shooting down…and at the first tingle just behind her navel she shakes her head and wills herself not to think of Peeta Mellark naked. It doesn't work. With a sigh of frustration, and damp heat lingering between her legs, she shuts off the television, goes to her room, and doesn't even bother with her vibrator. Her fingers suffice just fine tonight, moving in fast, urgent circles against her throbbing clit. She brings herself to a shuddering climax, imagining her back against the cool tiles, her fingers scraping through wet, blond hair, as the handsome man down the hall thrusts in and out of her, the water cascading over them. She hates admitting that Madge Undersee is right about anything. She loves her friend dearly, but Madge is so infuriatingly perfect that it brings such satisfaction to Katniss to prove her wrong. It's why Katniss has yet to confess to Madge that thinking about Peeta Mellark does things to her. It's also why, five days later, she stands in their kitchen close to tears, refusing to acknowledge that she should have listened to Madge when her roommate suggested doing a test batch of cookies last night. She had waved Madge off, but not before she got in a little dig about Madge getting help from her future mother-in-law. Truthfully, Katniss wished she had thought to ask Hazelle for help first. She bets Gale's mother would have gladly made the damn cookies for her. She should have realized it was going to be a long night with her first attempt at the dough. Though math has never been her strong suit, she sits and carefully pens the correct portions of the ingredients needed to double the recipe—any more than that, and she fears she'll be pushing her luck. By doubling it, it will yield 60 cookies, and she'll just need to do a second double-batch. She's feeling pretty proud of herself when the first tray goes into the oven, but when she removes them fifteen minutes later, lets them cool, and takes a bite, her face contorts, and she spits out the cookie. A second glance at her calculations reveals that not only had she doubled the cream of tartar wrong, she had used tablespoons instead of teaspoons . With all that dough wasted, she starts over, and while the next batch of dough turns out fine, she mis-sets the timer and burns two full trays. She finally gets two dozen to come out of the oven perfectly golden brown, and when she gingerly bites into one she sighs in relief. They're good. She made something good . After she scrapes the last of the dough to form one final cookie and puts the two trays into the oven, she only counts 48 cookies. She must have made the cookies too big. Now she's still 60 cookies short. 60? Shit. And the empty Styrofoam carton mocks her: she's out of eggs. Anger surges first, and then frustration, and she blinks back stinging tears. How can she be so bad at something that should be so easy? She really, really doesn't want to make the nearly fifteen-minute drive to the nearest grocery store at eight-thirty at night. But what other option does she have? She needs another dozen eggs. It's not like she has a fucking magic chicken somewhere. She's thinking of all the possible ways that she can murder Madge and get away with the crime (even if it means dealing with the wrath of Gale) when she considers that yes, she has another option. A quick glance at the clock tells her that it's not too late to walk down the hall, knock on her sexy neighbor's door, and hope that he has a dozen eggs lying around. Giving her black yoga pants and grey, hooded sweatshirt a quick once over, she frowns and dashes into her bedroom to change her shirt. (Madge swears the yoga pants make Katniss's ass look 'fantastic,' so she keeps them on.) She grabs a tight, silky long-sleeved jade green t-shirt and tugs it on over her bra. After brushing her hair, she gives her reflection an appraisal, and she finds her stomach doing somersaults when she starts down the hallway. She takes a deep breath, finger-combs her hair one more time, and raps her knuckles lightly on Peeta's door. She