A/N- So I don't think it's possible to put into words how much work Street and her husband put into the inaugural inception of S2SL. She took a spark of an idea and grew it into a wonderful first collection that generated nearly $5000 for Hope for Caroline. It took hours of soliciting, getting a website hosted/ready, answering emails, confirming donations, and ensuring the authors posted their stories on time. This was originally going to be one of my submissions for S2SL, but Street's reaction when I told her the idea made me rethink it. And I decided to hold it and write it later to post it as a thank you to her for all her tireless efforts. So thank you, Street. I know that Caroline's parents appreciate all that you and Mr. S did to further their cause and research for DIPG. I am so very proud of you, and honored to have been a part of this. ILY. Thanks to iLoVeRynMar for reading and coaching me, and to Pookieh for catching my errors because I've been in a shit state of mind. Love you both ladies. Many thanks to Ro for the banner. THG belongs to Suzanne Collins; the title has no bearing on the charity; the charity in the story is fictional, and the title is merely a play on words. Enjoy. ~Court ~July 12th, Panem (Philadelphia), Pennsylvania~ "What's your favorite Katniss Everdeen song, Peeta?" "Huh…what?" He turns and looks down at Rue's beaming face. She gives him an impatient prompt with her wide, brown eyes, and he stops walking to get his bearings. "Oh, um, I guess I like some of her early stuff a lot. That "Catching Fire" one always kind of gets to me." "You know she wrote that song about the boy she had a crush on in middle school?" He chuckles. "I did not know that, no." Rue grins and chatters on, like the miniature walking encyclopedia she is when it comes to Katniss Everdeen. Peeta does his best to listen and be polite, but with the arena spread out before him, he's a little overwhelmed by where he's supposed to go next, and he technically has a job to be focusing on. He's been to plenty of concerts before, but always as a paid ticket holder. This behind the scenes, all-access stuff is new territory for him. "I think we're supposed to forgo the main gates and go around to where the tour buses are parked," he calls over his shoulder. Rue's parents nod, and the joy on their faces as they watch their daughter skipping along elicits a smile from Peeta too. He knows they haven't had many days like this recently. He glances up at the flawless canvas of blue above them, thankful that the week's earlier forecast for severe thunderstorms had changed in the last few days. The sweltering summer heat is still oppressive, and though the sun will have gone down by the time Katniss Everdeen takes the stage later that evening, it will do little to alleviate the humidity permeating the air. The parking lots are largely empty at this hour, as the gates don't open until six, but the large lot across from the stadium is already filled with raucous guys tailgating. They're hardly typical Katniss Everdeen fans, but Peeta knows from his friends' comments that most teenage boys and college-aged men will gladly sit through her concert just to ogle her for a couple of hours. Not that he can blame any of them. Peeta's had a thing for Katniss Everdeen far longer than anyone else in America even knew her name. He got to hear her sing years ago, and her voice imprinted on him since way before its ubiquitous presence on what seems like every station on terrestrial or satellite radio. He can close his eyes and picture his old classmate as she used to be: a pigtailed girl with molten mercury eyes and spindly arms and legs— girl who has blossomed into a beautiful woman who still stars in his dreams nearly every night. The last time he actually saw Katniss Everdeen—and was in the same room as her—they were thirteen. It was eighth grade graduation, and he remembers every detail of that evening as if it were yesterday. He knows exactly what she was wearing to the dinner dance that followed the tediously boring ceremony. Her deep green sundress was far less glitzy than what most of the other girls had worn, and instead of putting her hair up like so many of them, it had been the first time Peeta recalled seeing Katniss's long, dark tresses tumbling free. There was such a simple beauty to her, and to him she had been luminous. He regrets nothing more in his life up to this point than chickening out asking her to dance that night. Because when he arrived at Panem High School for ninth grade that next September, he had learned that Katniss Everdeen was gone. The rumor was she and her mother and sister had packed up and moved to Nashville so that Katniss could pursue a singing career. A few of the nastier girls had laughed and scoffed that Katniss was delusional if she thought she could make it there. Peeta has to smile wryly at the large, vacant stadium with its nearly 50,000 seats waiting to be filled. How wrong those bitchy girls were. Rue continues to talk animatedly, blabbering on about Katniss's disdain for cats, and Peeta wonders if there's anything that the young girl doesn't know about her favorite singer. Actually, he knows one thing she can't possibly know. He grins slyly as they approach the west gate of the stadium. "Hey, Rue, did you know I went to school with Katniss Everdeen?" She stops, and her mouth drops open, blinking and gaping like a goldfish gasping for air. "What?" she screeches. "Why didn't you tell me that when you first met me?" He laughs and reaches for the young girl's hand, squeezing it affectionately. "Cause this experience is about you, Miss Rue—not me. And besides, there were about four hundred other kids that went to school with her too. I'm not special. But I thought you'd get a kick out of hearing that." "Well, I think you're pretty special, Peeta," she grins, gazing up at him from under a fringe of dark eyelashes. He grins back and gives her hand another tug. Rue has definitely burrowed her way into his heart. Peeta has been volunteering his time as an intern with Dreams Come True since last October. As a pre-med student, he's been leaning towards going into pediatric cardiology or oncology, and his adviser recommended he get involved with the charity that grants wishes to children suffering from cancer, congenital ailments, and serious illnesses. Some of the kids he has escorted on previous outings have been terminal cases—which is why he suspects Dr. Heavensbee suggested the job in the first place, to toughen Peeta up. Fortunately, Rue is one of the other cases—the ones that have cautiously optimistic prognoses. She suffers from a congenital heart defect that has led to numerous surgeries in her twelve years, and she's due for another in six weeks. Her 'Dream Come True' was to see Katniss Everdeen, her favorite pop-country singer, in concert. The organization took it one step further and arranged for Rue to spend the afternoon with Katniss, getting to be part of the star's pre-show routines before enjoying the concert from the front row. Peeta's eyes land on a massive, sleek, unmarked Windstream trailer and a second even larger trailer with Katniss's name emblazoned under the bank of windows. He motions for Rue to look where he's pointing, and an excited squeal pierces the air. "Ohmygosh, ohmygosh, that's her tour bus!" Rue cries. "I bet it's so awesome inside. She sleeps in there sometimes, you know. And I bet she's written a ton of her songs in there too when she's on the road. Wouldn't you love to see it? I wonder if she'll let me see it? Do you think she'll let me see it, Peeta?" "Easy, honey." Rue's mother places a hand on her daughter's shoulder. "Don't get yourself too excited." As they approach the security officers guarding the private parking lot, Peeta slips the lanyard over his neck and hands the larger of the two men his badge. "Afternoon," the gruff man barks, scrutinizing Peeta's badge. "You got additional ID on you, sir?" "Oh, right." He pulls his billfold from his front pocket and passes his license to the guy. "You're with Dreams Come True, yeah?" the stockier of the two officers asks, scrolling the screen of an iPad. "Yeah, I'm Peeta Mellark. This is the lady of the hour, Rue L'Oiseaux, and her parents are behind us." Rue smiles politely, and the guards give her warm smiles. They confer quietly, and then both nod, and one hands Peeta back his license and his credentials badge. Their expressions become even softer, and the tall one leans down to speak to Rue in a saccharine tone that sounds completely foreign coming from such a beefy man. "You're in for quite the treat, little miss. Katniss is just about the nicest gal you'll ever get to spend an evening with. Right that way. She's expecting you." He winks at her as the other guard rattles off some instructions to Peeta. He points to an access door that leads into the stadium and waves them through. The maze of corridors is a little claustrophobic, the silver-painted cinder blocks seeming to go on forever until the last one opens into an expansive space. People mill about, some wearing headsets, and two men are arranging a massive spread of food on a table centered on the back wall. To the right of the table, a closed door bears a large sign with Katniss's name on it. He feels completely immature for the little stutter of his heartbeat as he processes the fact Katniss Everdeen is behind that door. It's like he's a teenager all over again. "Welcome, welcome!" a chipper voice rings out, and Peeta turns to see a petite woman with piles of blonde curls and a mask of elaborate makeup approaching them. "You must be Rue! Aren't you just darling?" She plasters a smile on her magenta lips and thrusts a manicured hand at Peeta. "Effie Trinket. I'm Ms. Everdeen's publicist." Peeta politely introduces himself, but Effie only gives him a curt bob of her head before she starts fawning all over Rue, barking out orders to a man and a woman who loiter nearby. The woman—Peeta quickly figures out she's a reporter for E! News—begins questioning Rue and her parents, and the man with her produces a large camera from his bag, clicking away as the interview commences. He hangs back, glancing around the space, and as a craft services worker rushes by with a huge, flat cardboard box full of tinfoil wrapped sandwiches, the aroma of roasted meat and peppers and onions wafts past. His stomach grumbles loudly, and his mouth waters at the thought of Philly cheesesteaks. He should have eaten more for lunch—he's starving. But then the door to Katniss's dressing room opens, and a surly looking older man steps out. "I'm looking for—" he glances down to a scrap of paper in his hand, squinting his steely eyes, "—Peeta Mellark?" Peeta clears his throat and approaches the door. "That's me, sir." The stony grey eyes look him up and down, lingering on the press credentials pass suspended from his neck. "Katniss is ready for the girl now." He opens the door wider and makes an exaggerated gesture with his hand. Peeta glances over to Rue, who is still talking with the reporter and the cameraman, while Katniss's publicist chats animatedly on her cell phone, punctuating her conversation with shrill, lilting bursts of laughter. "Effie!" the gruff man barks. "Put