Author's Note- So this was my main submission to streetlightlove's charity effort, S2SL. I envy artists. I come from a family of artists, but I can't even draw a Hangman game correctly. And painting is such a sensual act, and I won't lie, body painting has fascinated me since I first saw it in Sports Illustrated years ago. Thus, this idea was born. Many thanks to iLoVeRynMar, streetlightlove, and sohypohetically for reading and assisting, and to atetheredmind for talking through the idea with me when our creative muses seemed to intersect. Thanks as always to the lovely Ro Nordmann for her exquisite banner. Rated M because duh, the whole point of the charity was sexy stories for Valentines Day. It's good money, she repeats to herself as she toes off her sneakers and peels away her socks. It'll pay for Prim's SAT and ACT exams and her sister's junior prom dress, and maybe there will even be a little left to finally repair the air conditioner that went on the fritz last September—just in time for the sticky summer days that are only a few months away. She tugs her t-shirt over her head and unclasps her bra with trembling fingers. And it's not like she'll ever see any of these people again after the next several weeks. This university is a several miles away from her own state college, and given the ludicrous cost of tuition, she doesn't think the students who are enrolled here have to slum it at the bars she frequents with her friends. Silently cursing her fingers for shaking so badly, and she pops the button on her jeans and drags the zipper down, shimmying the denim past her hips before the jeans join her other discarded clothes on the floor. With a deep breath, she hooks her thumbs into her panties and tugs them down with one shift motion. Turning to the full-length mirror that stands in the corner, she wrinkles her nose and appraises her naked body. Her eyes sweep down to the handiwork of the esthetician who waxed her two days ago. (She had finally been able to put the spa certificate Madge had gifted her with for Christmas to good use.) Katniss had never given much thought to grooming her bikini line extensively, save for shaving during the summer, but now that she's getting used to being nearly bare down there, she has to admit she kind of likes it. Cocking her head, her eyes drift up, studying her flat, toned stomach before landing on her breasts. Staring at them as much as she has since agreeing to do this has made her realize that she has the kind of tits that look particularly good naked. They're perky and well shaped, and she has damn good nipples. There are some benefits to not having massive jugs after all. She grabs the fluffy robe that has been draped over the changing panel and ties the sash around her waist with a loose knot—she doesn't trust herself to work free a double knot with her trembling fingers. Her heart starts to knock against her ribs at the first sound of scraping chairs and quiet chatter as the class starts filing into the intimate space. When she walked into the classroom, she had been dismayed to see only fifteen or twenty easels arranged in a two concentric semi-circles. It's a much smaller area than she had anticipated. (She had honestly expected an expansive sort of lecture hall, though that was a completely stupid thought. If the students are going to be drawing her, they obviously need to see her up close.) Oh god, this is a terrible idea. Her panic wells and she toys with the end of her braid, sucking the hair into her mouth, a nervous habit she's never been able to shake. She can still back out, right? Fuck the money. She can work a couple of double shifts at Starbucks—at least she keeps her clothes on there. The noise level behind her rises to a steady hum of voices, but it's rapidly drowned out by the thundering of blood in her ears and the frantic thumping of her heart. What the hell was she thinking when she ripped that little tab off of that flier? She wasn't thinking. She couldn't have been thinking. And she never should have told Madge. She should have known that her best friend would have known exactly what to say to convince Katniss posing naked wasn't a stupid idea, and it was art, so that made it all okay. She vaguely discerns the honeyed tone of a male voice amidst the chaos in her head, and there is such a calming cadence to it that her mounting anxiety is somewhat pacified—at least enough to listen more attentively to the professor's directions to his students, and to wait for his cue to her. She had only met Cinna once before, when they had gone over the expectations for the month long, bi-weekly modeling assignment. Apparently, there was more involved than just disrobing and being naked in front of a room full of strangers. Cinna had reassured her that there was nothing to be nervous about. It was an 'Anatomy of Art' class, and the students were used to nude models. Even as she left his office on that morning two weeks ago she was wondering what had possessed her to apply for something that was so out-of-character for her. She had every opportunity to call him up and apologize profusely before backing out. But now there's no going back, because Cinna gives a final few instructions, and then he calls for her. He doesn't use her name, just as he had assured her he would not. It seemed like an odd promise, keeping her identity secret, given she would be completely exposed in every other sense of the word. She takes a deep breath and steps around the partition, meeting Cinna's kind, amber eyes, and she manages to return his comforting smile. Her gaze wanders to the pedestal at the front of the classroom, and she tries to keep her legs from visibly trembling as she mounts it. Before arriving, she had told herself to immediately find a point on the rear wall of the classroom to avoid eye contact with the students. But as she gets into position on the pedestal, she ignores her own advice and foolishly does a quick scan of the room. Most of the students are young, her age probably, but there is a woman with bright orange hair who's likely around 40, and another older woman with long, wavy silver locks who looks like she's pushing 70. No one seems to be looking directly at her, which is a relief. Several are fussing with their easels, and one girl mumbles to herself while she arranges her pencils. As she looks to her right, her line of vision lands on an incredibly attractive guy who is most definitely staring at her with eyes so blue that she questions whether they're real or not. The intense shade is something an artist like him would blend together on a palette. But that's the only thing she notices, because she averts her eyes quickly, her stomach now flutters anew. She can't glance back at him for a better look. If anything will put her more on edge, it's humanizing the students. She doesn't dare forge any kind of connection with them. She's a naked body to them—nothing else. "Whenever you're ready," Cinna says gently. She nods absently, fingers like anvils as they locate the knot of the robe. She finally works it free and tries as discreetly as possible to take another cleansing breath while she eases the robe off her shoulders. As the air hits her bare skin, her body responds accordingly. Her nipples instantly pucker into taut buds. Her abdomen tightens, and goose bumps prickle her arms. A brief shiver claims her entire body, and she swallows past the lump of anxiety crowding her throat. She finds that spot on the back wall she had hoped for—a soothing poster of the color wheel—and assumes the pose that she'll be forced to hold for the next sixty minutes. Today it's simply standing still, arms at her side, her face angled slightly to the left. (Cinna had told her to keep her expression neutral, to relax her mouth without smiling, and she had wryly replied smiling wasn't something she did freely, so she didn't anticipate it being a problem.) After ten minutes, she's already run out of things to think about, having mentally made a grocery list, reviewed her notes from psychology for the quiz she has tomorrow, and contemplated what to do about dinner since her fridge is basically empty. After twenty minutes, her nose starts to itch, and she spends several excruciating seconds willing the uncomfortable tickle to go away, fighting the urge to raise her hand and scratch it. At the thirty-minute mark, she can't believe she's only halfway done. How is she going to do this for another half-hour, let alone seven more times over the course of the month? Yep. Definitely the dumbest fucking idea she's ever had. Inspired by her own stupidity, she keeps herself occupied by running through lines from Dumb and Dumber in her head, and she's just gotten to the scene where they're singing 'Mockingbird' in the Mutts' Cutts van when Cinna's warm voice announces a break to the class. Her hour is up. She exhales in relief as Cinna approaches her with her robe in one hand and that kind smile on his face. "You did great," he enthuses. "It's very challenging to stand still and look pretty, huh?" She's not sure about the looking pretty part, because she's never really thought of herself as beautiful, but she returns his smile politely and slips on the robe, cinching the belt. Cinna tells her that she can go ahead and get dressed, and when she finishes and steps around the partition again, much of the class has vacated the room, temporarily abandoning their easels while on break. But the guy with the penetrating blue eyes remains seated at his. His blond head is bent over, rummaging around in some kind of satchel, and a moment later he straightens back up on his stool and uncaps a bottle of water. She watches as he takes a long drink from it. The muscles in his jaw clench, and his throat bobs a couple of times. From what she can see of him at this angle, he's indeed very attractive. He sets the bottle beneath his feet and then leans over again, withdrawing something from a leather portfolio. As he places the fresh paper on his easel, his eyes find hers. He gives her an easy smile, and she immediately looks away, murmurs a hasty goodbye to Cinna, and keeps her eyes cast downward as she rushes out of the room. When she arrives for her second modeling session on Thursday morning, her nerves are slightly less jittery, and her fingers don't tremble quite as much when she undresses. She makes a concerted effort to avoid eye contact with anyone—especially the handsome blond. It only takes one furtive glance for her to notice he is sitting front and center today. She realizes only moments into the session that this pose is not a fun one. Her neck and back are arched, bowed upward from where she sits on a hard wooden stool, and her abdominal muscles ache from the strain of keeping her body angled. It's like doing crunches, but like a thousand times worse. The way she has to hold her head also means she can't use her focal point on the back wall, and there isn't a damn thing to look at on the ceiling. She starts to count the little speckled holes in the tiles, but the longer she counts, she knows she must be