Author's Note: So welcome to my first attempt at a modern AU. Unlike A Favorable Wind , this story is a WIP, and it will be posted as such. This story was inspired (yes, inspired...not based on like AFW and the Avi novel) by the old Nicolas Cage movie It Could Happen to You . But other than the lottery ticket and Peeta's mean wife (rest assured, this is Everlark all the way), that's where the inspiration ends. THG belongs to Suzanne Collins. Many thanks to my sounding boards and therapists, jeeno2 and ILoveRynMar. Thank you for listening to the outline for this story and reassuring me that it doesn't completely suck. Please do let me know your thoughts and comments...this time, reviews will certainly fuel my creative energy. (Katniss) It's a funny thing about luck. Most people who believe in it don't have it; it's the nonbelievers, the skeptics, who seem to stumble into it without trying. Katniss Everdeen will be one of the latter. Tuesday the fourteenth of April starts off like any other day for Katniss. Another bad day, to be precise. It seems that lately, the bad days outnumber the good ones. She skids to a stop just outside the employee restroom at the back of the diner and hastily ties her apron in a knot. She grabs her order pad and a pencil, tucking it behind her left ear. She checks her shoelaces and takes a breath and slips out the swinging doors. "Cutting it close, Everdeen," the diner's owner mutters without looking up from his newspaper. "Sorry, Cray. My hot water heater's pilot light went out again." "You'd think showering in cold water'd make your skinny ass move faster," Johanna calls from behind the counter where she is refilling a carafe of orange juice. "Shut up, Jo," Katniss snarls. She glances at the floor plan posted at the host's podium and heaves a sigh when she sees her station for the morning. Shit, shit, shit . The front left corner of the diner is what Johanna gleefully refers to as "Kiddie Hell." Consisting of only two booths and mostly free-standing tables for four or six, it is the logical place for families with small children in need of high chairs. She's hardly in the mood for screaming toddlers and frazzled mothers this morning. Katniss is not the biggest fan of children in general. She forces a smile onto her lips as she approaches the elderly couple that has just been seated at Table Eight. "Good morning, welcome to Cray's Time to Eat. I'm Katniss. Can I get you both some coffee?" "I'll take a hot tea with lemon," the old woman says sharply. "And I said hot tea, mind you. Not that tepid lukewarm water you tried to serve me last week." Katniss is certain she did not have the pleasure of serving this cranky couple during any of their previous visits to the diner, but she presses her lips together tighter and nods. "Make that two," the old man pipes in. "I'll be right back with those," she replies, teeth clenched. She strides back to the counter and begins readying two saucers with cups and tea bags. "It's gonna be one of those mornings," she mumbles to Johanna, who is grabbing an order from the window. Jo laughs. "When is it not one of those mornings? We work in a fucking shithole, Brainless." She nods over her shoulder as she heads in the direction of her tables. "Watch out for that old bitch at Table Eight. She's mean and nasty and she'll send half her order back." "Duly noted," Katniss says wryly. After delivering the steaming tea cups and spending a full three minutes listening to the old couple changes their order no fewer than five times only to have both the cranky woman and her husband settle on oatmeal and rye toast, Katniss cringes as she watches Cray seat a woman and three shrieking boys at Table Seven. "Awesome," she exhales, bracing herself for her eardrums to be shattered as she nears the table. To her surprise the boys immediately settle down when she plies them with stubs of broken crayons (Cray only buys new crayons twice a year; the big box of 96 gets divided among thirty Dixie cups and that's it-even if the children are practically coloring with stubs or flakes of wax) and a peg board game that may or may not be missing more than the obligatory one peg. She fills the mother's coffee cup and takes an order for three chocolate-chip short stacks and one Western omelet. "Fuck you getting well-behaved kids this morning," Johanna jokes as Katniss attaches her order to the wheel and spins it into Sae, the cook. "One of the kids at my last table practically projectile-vomited his oatmeal onto my shoes before knocking over an entire glass of apple juice." "It's about the only thing that's gone right today," she replies, filling three Styrofoam cups with milk, swirling in thick ribbons of chocolate syrup and stirring well before snapping on the lids. "Why don't you find a new apartment? That shithole isn't worth the rent you pay. Katniss shrugs. "I'd rather spend the money on Prim's tuition and other stuff she needs, you know? What difference is it if I live in one crappy place or another?" "Wouldn't kill you to put yourself first once in awhile." Katniss knows her friend is serious by the lack of bite in the brunette's usually sardonic tone. "I ain't paying you two to chit chat. Get back to work," Cray snaps from his stool behind the host's stand. "You ain't paying us for shit," Johanna hisses under her breath, stacking three plates of eggs up her left arm before winking at Katniss and heading for her table. Johanna is about the only good thing to come from Katniss's job at the diner. She had so many more aspirations for herself before her mother's death changed everything. Katniss's father had died when she was just twelve and her younger sister, Prim, eight. An electrician by trade (and a master one at that), John Everdeen had been wiring a brownstone for an upgraded sound-system when he dropped dead at the tender age of thirty-six. His death had devastated his family, sending his widow into a deep spiral of depression and zapping all the joy from his beloved daughters' idyllic childhoods. An autopsy revealed a pulmonary embolism. He had been a ticking time bomb. His life insurance had sustained Tressa Everdeen and the girls for the first few years. But as Katniss grew older, she began to realize something was not right with her mother, and it went beyond the prolonged despondency over her husband's death. Slowly, the glassy eyes, the sallow skin and the skeletal frame began to make perfect sense. As did the foreclosure notice that forced the girls to live with their mother's brother until Mrs. Everdeen completed treatment at a rehab facility. It took four different stints at Shady Oaks before her mother swore she was finally clean. Katniss scrutinized her mother's forearms daily for a long time before she felt she could finally breathe a sigh of relief. By then, Katniss was eighteen and had begun taking classes at the community college, trying to decide what she wanted to do with her life. She was surprised to discover she had an affinity for writing after being forced by her advisor to take a literature seminar with all the other undeclared freshmen. She was especially prolific at poetry, and she began to dream about fusing her dormant love of music (which she had pushed away after her father's death, being something she shared so intimately with him growing up) and her newly-minted skills at verse to write lyrics. Katniss wanted to be a songwriter. It was a bitterly cold December morning when her cell phone buzzed in the middle of her lit final. She said a silent prayer that she had remembered to quiet the device and ignored the persistent vibrations, continuing to furiously scribble her response to the essay question about Thomas Hardy and Charles Dickens and the plight of the lower class in Victorian England. She handed in the exam with a flourish, confidence flowing through her veins as she rummaged through her messenger bag for her cell phone. Eight missed calls . The text message box glowed with an ominous, bold twenty-two. Katniss swallowed hard, a nauseating feeling of trepidation mounting, and she tapped the screen. Eighteen of the twenty-two texts were from Prim. Four were from her boyfriend, Gale Hawthorne. Her mother was dead. She hadn't been clean. The official cause of death was a heroin overdose, but Katniss knew the affectionate and devoted mother she remembered from her childhood had died years ago. That woman had gone to the grave with John Everdeen. The only silver lining (if any could be found) in her mother's death was its timing. Katniss had turned eighteen late that summer and was now, in the eyes of the Division of Youth and Family Services, a legal adult. She was able to petition the court on the grounds that her mother left no will and that Katniss was perfectly capable of caring for and providing for her fourteen-year-old sister. Her uncle vouched for her responsibility and assured the courts he would be a constant presence in the girls' lives. The court reluctantly agreed and awarded Katniss guardianship of "the minor Primrose Everdeen." Katniss was happy that the ruling meant some sense of normalcy for Prim; she could stay in school with her friends provided Katniss could find an apartment in the right sending district. (She did, just several blocks from her uncle's bar and the loft he called home.) But for Katniss, it meant her own dreams were put on hold indefinitely. Now, nearly seven years later, she regrets nothing she has done for her little sister. Prim has blossomed into a poised, intelligent, driven young woman, and Katniss could not be more proud of her. But at twenty-five, she has very little to show for years of hard work other than Prim's accomplishments. She spends her days working at Cray's and most nights tending bar at her Uncle Haymitch's pub, and in between shifts, in the meager time she gets to herself, she writes. Her poems sit in a thick three-subject spiral bound notebook, waiting for Katniss to recoup the motivation to take out her guitar and compose the notes that will transform her words into full-fledged songs. The notebook is gathering dust these days. So yes, her friendship with Johanna Mason is about the only joy Katniss gets from her day job. Johanna has only worked at Cray's for ten months now; Katniss is still learning bits and pieces about the abrasive brunette, who is slow to share details of her own guarded past. But it's nice to have a girl friend again, and Johanna is a surprisingly good listener and a sympathetic ear. Her shift continues in relative quiet, something for which Katniss is grateful, because on top of the ice-cold shower that still resonates in her bones a few hours later, her abdomen feels like an extraterrestrial being is trying to claw its way out of her uterus thanks to some excruciatingly painful cramps, and her head still throbs faintly from the drinks she imbibed in last night. She wished she hadn't let the douchebag she was still casually dating talk her into those last two shots. She never drinks that much. She tops off the coffee of the four construction workers who now occupy Table Eight, expertly deflecting their lame pickup lines and occasional leers. She shifts the coffee pot to her left hand as she makes her way to the back booth of her station to greet the two men who were sat just moments ago by Cray. "Morning gentlemen. What can I get you started with?" She