Author's Note— As a few of my other WIPs are winding down, I've been working on this new WIP. I have to say that I'm having a lot of fun writing this. Kiera Cass's Selection trilogy was basically marketed as "THG meets the Bachelor" but I wanted to do an Everlark twist and explore a lot of ideas that I thought fell flat in those novels. I hope you'll enjoy it. As always, the reason this idea even left my head is iLoveRynMar, who not only recommended the Cass series to me, but who encouraged this and wouldn't let the idea of Prince Peeta go. Thank you, my love. Thank you also to HGRomance, who pre-read this first chapter when I submitted to F4LLS last summer. And many thanks to the talented Ro for her gorgeous cover. And thank you to all the readers who continue to support me. I appreciate it so much. Look for more updates soon. ~Chapter 1-The Envelope~ "Katniss! It came! It's here!" Prim's blue eyes dance with excitement, and her braids whip around as she slams the front door and waves something in my face, her hand moving as rapidly as a hummingbird's wings. My stomach does a swan dive. I don't even need a closer look at the cream-colored envelope or the elegant embossed script to know what lies inside. I can see the familiar crest in the upper left-hand corner. There's been a tempered buzz droning through the district in recent days just waiting to erupt into feverish pandemonium. And now that the envelopes have gone out, I guess we have to brace for the unavoidable chaos that will descend on all of Panem like a Hovercraft: the Reaping is upon us. An event eighteen years in the making. An event that fate has already tinkered with several times over. An event that I have no choice but to submit to no thanks to Fate, that fickle bitch. I stare at the envelope. Twenty-four days. Twenty-four days made all the difference. Twenty-four lousy, measly days and my name would not be waltzing across the flawless ecru cardstock, like some kind of interloper. But there it is: Lady Katniss, House of Everdeen . That makes me laugh. House of Everdeen. Like our modest little cottage is some kind of royal dwelling. I suppose it really was naïve of me to think anything could derail the inevitable. Or that somehow my name would have gotten left off a list, or my envelope lost in the mail, or… "It's here!" My mother breezes into the room, a facsimile of my younger sister, her youthful face alight with glee. "Oh, Katniss, open it, dear. What are you waiting for?" I shrug. "I know what's inside." My mother huffs and snatches the envelope from my hand, her eyes glazing over a bit as she stares at my name on the front. She looks dreamy and dazed, like one of her patients on morphling, as she crosses to the antique stationery desk that used to be my grandfather's. She grabs the letter opener from the top drawer and swiftly slits open the envelope, the sharp hiss sucking all the air from the room, and from my lungs. It's like Pandora's box—all the bad stuff escaping at once, except this time, I don't think there's any hope left behind. Hope is a fickle bitch too. She and Fate could start a club. Prim bounds back into the room, her decrepit old tabby cat, Buttercup, in her arms. "Katniss, why do you look as though you've been sucking on a lemon? You should be happy! I wish I were old enough for the Reaping." I sigh. And here I was, wishing my mother had kept me inside the security of her womb for just three-and-a-half more weeks. She may have nurtured me and protected me for eight months, but those precious 24 days have left me exposed now, sixteen years later. My parents had married young, and I had been somewhat of an unexpected surprise. I had not been due until the fourth of June, but as the story goes (and they tell it every year on my birthday, so I've heard it no fewer than fifteen times) I was an impatient, impulsive baby from conception, and I was not willing to wait that long. I couldn't even wait for my mother to finish assisting in the delivery of Gisele Fontaine, and I was born shortly after her, in the Fontaines' living room, on May the eighth. (Mrs. Fontaine had labored for nearly two days with Gisele; I, by contrast, took just twelve minutes.) And thus, my premature entry into the world is the very reason why my mother is presently pulling out the contents of the envelope, her dreamy smile yielding to one that borders on maniacal. "Oh, it even smells divine!" Prim croons, her eyes closing as she takes a deep whiff of the stiff paper. "What is that? Rose? Orchid?" "Desperation," I mutter under my breath. My mother shoots me a poisonous look, then straightens up and clears her throat. She begins to read from the starched sheet in her hand. "Greetings, Honored Daughter of Panem! What good fortune you have to be the recipient of an application for the Reaping!" "What's all the excitement about in here?" My father's voice is a welcome intrusion, and I appeal to him with my eyes as his gaze roams from me to Prim, from Prim to Mom, and back to me. "Katniss got her Reaping application!" Prim shrieks. Buttercup leaps from her arms and slinks under the couch. There is no love lost between me and that mangy cat, but right now I'd be content to squash in beside him beneath the sofa. His expression is hard to read. While my mother has made no secret of her feelings about this whole Reaping business, my father has never voiced an opinion, not that I can remember. I'd like to think no matter what he feels about it he'd be sympathetic to my plight. "So the prince is eighteen now, is he?" "Prince Peeta was eighteen three months ago!" Prim interjects, as if she's some sort of resident expert on the royal family and we're all peons for not knowing the inane details of their lives like Prince Peeta's birthdate or his favorite color. "Today is June 1 st , Papa." "Ah, June the first," he echoes. "How could I have forgotten?" Prim gives him a dubious look, and he laughs airily and tugs one of her braids. Then he comes to stand beside me, his arm winding around me, tethering me close like an anchor— my anchor. My father always knows how to steady me, and I immediately feel my spirits lift a tiny bit. "Shall I continue?" my mother intones, irritation and impatience edging her words. She doesn't wait for any of us to offer a protest. "Having turned sixteen years of age by today, June 1st, and being no older than twenty years of age as of this date, you are required by the law of the nation of Panem to complete the enclosed application and deliver it in person to your district's Justice Building one week henceforth." I've known this was coming practically all my life, but to hear it all confirmed in my mother's barely restrained gleeful tone hits me like a punch to the gut. My shoulders sag a little, and I know my father feels it, because he squeezes me a little tighter. It's not that I'm truly worried about being chosen for the Reaping. Just thirty-six girls will be selected, three from each of Panem's twelve districts. From the submitted applications, the king and queen get to choose twelve, Prince Peeta gets to choose twelve, and the final twelve are drawn at random. While I'm not ugly by any stretch of the imagination, I'm not glamorous, and I'm far from the traditional princesses that appear in storybooks and fairy tales. My only real chance is being the one girl randomly selected to represent District 12, because there is just no good reason why King Wheaton and Queen Aster would choose me, and there are far more beautiful girls that will catch Prince Peeta's eye. The odds are in my favor that my application will go unnoticed, and I'll be free to live my life here in Twelve. My irritation comes from the principle of the matter. I shouldn't have to fill out the silly application and even submit myself to this archaic process. How has the royal family not come up with a better way to find Prince Peeta a wife than a glorified contest? Can't the poor guy find a girl on his own? And must they force all of Panem to be witness to every last little step as he chooses his future queen? Plus, let's be honest. We all know how it's going to work. Prince Peeta is looking for a trophy, and that's who he's going to pick: someone glittery and gorgeous who will stand by his side and smile and wave to their adoring subjects and give him lots of babies—maybe finally the girl that Panem has been waiting for. It's been four generations since the Mellark line birthed an actual princess. "I want to go to the Justice Building with you!" Prim dances around me. "Say I can go to the Justice Building when you hand in your application, Katniss, please?" "Primrose, hush," my mother chides, eyes still scanning the letter. A gleam enters them, her face breaking into a wide grin. "Listen, Katniss. 'Your application indicates your willingness to offer yourself as a potential—" "Offer myself?" I exclaim. "They make it sound like a damn sacrifice! Are we back before the Dark Days?" "Katniss!" my mother says sharply. She composes herself and resumes reading. "As I was saying, 'your application indicates your willingness to offer yourself as a potential bride for our beloved Prince Peeta. If you are one of the lucky tributes selected, you will be escorted to the palace in the Capitol where you will reside for as long as Prince Peeta retains you as a viable candidate for his princess." "Who wrote this? It sounds so clinical, so…ugh!" It's so stupid that I can't even find words to describe it. My mother ignores me. "And as a measure of gratitude for your time and your service to Panem, your family will be generously compensated." Prim squeals and claps her hands. "I want to see the palace! I bet the chandeliers drip diamonds and the toilets have gold handles. Real gold! Katniss, you have to make it far enough that we get to come and visit you!" "Prim, you realize that the odds of me actually getting reaped—" "Are as good as anyone else's!" she chirps, her optimism bordering on nauseating. Really, it should be my sister filling out this application and going off to compete for Prince Peeta's heart. Prim is everything a princess should be: patient, diplomatic, selfless, beautiful. She's like a beacon of light; when she walks into a room, everything is illuminated. And she's been eating up this royal crap since she was old enough to clomp around in my mother's oversized heels, cupping her hand and giving us mock princess waves as she toddled through the house. I'm sure there's a part of my mother who wishes it was Prim who was of age, too. "I think you should take this up to your room and get started," my mother says. She thrusts the application towards me, and I wrinkle my nose as my fingers reluctantly graze the thin paper. She narrows her eyes at me. I sigh and grab the sheet, tamping down my irritation when I see the thing is two-sided and single-spaced. There must be a hundred questions! But I listen to my mother. At least I do partially. I go up to my room and