Author's Note: Thanks to iLoVeRynMar for the handholding, Jessa and Abba for the planning and the hard work involved with PiP, and to Dierks Bentley's Drunk on a Plane for the inspiration for Peeta's backstory. And a million thanks to Ro for her beautiful cover art and for always supporting me. M for sexual situations and language. THG belongs to Suzanne Collins. ~Present Day~ "We're so going paintballing next month. By the time I'm done with you you're gonna look like a walking Jackson Pollock canvas." Madge turns and gives Katniss her sweetest, most patronizing smile. "That's how it works, bitch." She thrusts a tented piece of cardstock into Katniss's hand. "When it's your turn to pick the place, I'm always a good sport about it. And I'll gladly shoot your ass with paint pellets, if that's your choice." Since graduating college last year, Katniss and her friends have had a standing monthly date for Girls' Night Out. They rotate choosing the itinerary, and they usually meet at night, although occasionally someone arranges a daytime outing, like the beach. Sometimes the evenings are more low-key and sometimes they're extravagant, but often their excursions fall somewhere in between. Katniss usually looks forward to them. She doesn't see as much of her friends as she did in college. But she had not been looking forward to this particular evening at all. She had been disgusted when Madge gleefully announced that their June Night Out would be attending a bachelor auction that was being held to benefit Mrs. Undersee's snooty Women's Club. Not only did it sound downright degrading, but getting all dressed up and sitting around a fancy ballroom with a bunch of older ladies ogling men half their age and desperate young women who needed to buy companionship was the last way Katniss wanted to spend her evening. She expected the others to agree with her. To Katniss's surprise, Annie had been the first one to hand over a check to Madge. She had declared, with barely restrained glee, that it would be fun to watch from the sidelines as the claws come out. Annie had gotten married last year to her college sweetheart Finnick, so she would be doing no bidding herself. And Johanna and Delly hadn't put up a fight at all. So it was that Katniss found herself gritting her teeth and writing a check. She glares down at her name, embossed in elegant script, the table "12" centered beneath it. It seems to be mocking her. Maybe it's the font. She never cared for those scrolly curlicued ones. Johanna snatches her own placard off the mahogany table and gives Katniss a salacious grin. "No worries, Brainless. I'm already planning our July outing to Savage Men. I think we'll need a jaunt to A.C. and some greased up naked men to beat the summer heat. Now where's the open bar? I need some booze in me, stat. Today absolutely sucked." She rotates her wrist and displays a vicious violet bruise, encased by a clear impression of teeth marks. "That little fucker did not want his booster shot." Katniss, Madge, and Annie all exchange amused glances. Johanna's war stories as a rookie pediatric nurse are never anything less than entertaining, and they're always peppered with graphic details and even more graphic language. Katniss has the theory that because Johanna has to hold her tongue all day working with children, it only encourages her mouth to be fouler outside of the doctor's office, though Annie, who is in her first year as a third-grade teacher, doesn't seem to have the same problem. "Let's go, ladies!" Madge bubbles, tossing her long blonde hair, and rubbing her hands together excitedly. "Is it really an open bar if we paid $50 for it?" Annie hisses in Katniss's ear, as the five of them stride through the opulent lobby and towards the ballroom. "It's for charity!" Madge shoots over her shoulder, her blue eyes narrowing in annoyance. "God, guys, please shut up. This is supposed to be fun!" Katniss shakes her head and aims a dubious glare at her friend's back. A root canal would be more fun than what lies in store for them this evening. She's not planning on bidding on any of the guys on display, no matter how many times Madge brags that these will be the best bachelors that the greater metro area has to offer. Not only does she not really have the funds to toss around for such a frivolous reason, it seems doubly pathetic to have to buy herself a date. She hasn't been with anyone for over a year, with perfectly just cause, and she's simply not ready to move on. Her pussy is currently closed for business. She adjusts the top of her strapless gown, easing the tight fabric higher over her breasts. At least she's making good use of the bridesmaid dress from Annie's wedding. Not having to buy a new dress was about the only thing that worked in her favor tonight. Her funds seem to stretch thinner and thinner now that she's in her DPT program at Temple. Unlike her friends, who all went right into the job force, Katniss will need more schooling before she can become a physical therapist. Her disposable income largely comes from her part-time job at Barnes and Noble. "This is awesome!" Delly gushes, her neck craned up, her blue eyes wide as she gawks at their surroundings. Even Katniss has to admit the ballroom is the fanciest she's ever been in. Annie's wedding was lovely, but it wasn't black-tie, like this. There are scores of round tables strategically arranged throughout the room, all facing a platform that has been erected in front of the expansive windows, which offer a breathtaking backdrop of the cityscape. Katniss imagines it will only be more stunning once the sun fully sets and the buildings are all illuminated and twinkling like starlight. They locate Table 12. Johanna plunks down her clutch and immediately makes a beeline for the bar in the far rear corner. Madge purses her lips, searching the room for her mother, but it appears they've beaten Mrs. Undersee here. She points Katniss, Annie, and Delly to the other fundraiser in the room, a silent auction, and Delly pleads with Katniss to go check it out, until she relents and follows her friend to the display. Katniss watches quietly as Delly bids on a number of things, folding her slips in half before tossing them in the crystal bowls. Her friend's squeal startles her. "Katniss!" She feels her arm being gripped tightly. Delly motions to the last bowl on the right. "Look! You totally need to bid on that trip! Look at the destination! Isn't that the same resort as—?" Katniss feels her stomach clench and her heart stutters. "Yeah…and no, I'm good, Del. I don't think I'll be heading back to Mexico any time soon." Delly's blue eyes grow heavy with sympathy. "It was such a good time, wasn't it?" Katniss smiles weakly. "Yeah, it was fun while it lasted…Let's go get something to drink. I think I need a cocktail." She's already wallowing in nostalgia, so when she reaches the bar she asks for a Jack and Coke. Delly arches a brow at her, but she doesn't question Katniss and orders her own sour apple martini. Drinks in hand, they head back to their table, where they find Mrs. Undersee and her twin sister, Madge's aunt Maysilee, have arrived, along with Madge's cousins and one of Mrs. Undersee's friends. Katniss smiles politely through the introductions and stares down at her whiskey, her mouth salivating in anticipation. She's hasn't touched Jack Daniels in over a year—too many memories. It's better that she doesn't think about him. She usually does a decent job keeping him out of her conscious thoughts; it's in her dreams at night where she loses the battle. The salads are served just as the chandeliers flicker, signaling that everyone should take their seats. Katniss pokes at the romaine leaves, searching for the honeyed almonds that are likely all buried beneath the mozzarella in her Caprese salad. "Welcome, welcome!" Katniss immediately lifts her eyes to see who could possibly possess such a gratingly chipper voice. A petite blonde woman sashays across the stage, clutching a microphone. Her blonde corkscrew curls bounce with each step. Katniss gapes at the teetering stiletto heels the lady is perched on, marveling at the fact she can even stay upright on them. Her bright magenta cocktail dress swishes about, like cotton candy on acid. It matches her garish lipstick exactly. "The committee would have gotten her ," Madge's aunt hisses to her mother. "I'm Effie Trinket, and I am just delighted to be given the honor of presenting twelve of Panem's most eligible bachelors for our 4th Annual Charity Auction! Tonight is such a big, big, big night, and I remind you that it's all for a very good cause. So bid often, bid generously, and may the odds ever be in your favor!" She pauses dramatically, and waits for the applause to die down. A small man with the whitest teeth Katniss has ever seen strolls onto the stage, also bearing a microphone, and Effie introduces him as Mr. Caesar Flickerman, the evening's auctioneer. Caesar's black suit is pinstriped with hot pink, which is also the color of his bow tie. He and Effie are a sadistically matched set. They exchange some witty banter, or at least Katniss supposes they think it's witty. She's not really listening. She reaches over and spears one of the discs of fresh mozzarella off Johanna's salad. Her friend is too preoccupied to notice the theft; Johanna already wields her bidding paddle, and her hazel eyes are transfixed on Effie. Katniss snickers and absconds with a cherry tomato before Johanna cuts her eyes to her right and makes a stabbing motion with her fork. "All right, ladies, get your checkbooks ready!" Effie trills. "Let's meet our first bachelor!" She glances down at her cards and begins to read a prepared biography of the him. As soon as Katniss hears the word "heir" she tunes right out. Not that she's giving any of these men a second look, but spoiled trust fund babies go right to the reject pile. She takes a glimpse around the table and has to smile at the identical expressions on Madge, her mother, her aunt, and her cousins' faces. Madge's cousin Gwyneth even engages in a heated bidding war with four other girls. She lowers her paddle, dejected, when Caesar declares the winning bid of $1500, and an older woman leaps from her seat and celebrates with a much younger brunette, no doubt the actual recipient of the eventual date. "Jesus," Delly whispers. "$1500? How did I actually think I was going to be able to snag one of these guys?" "You didn't miss out on that one," Johanna hisses back, leaning across Katniss. "Twenty bucks says he's lame in bed and only does it missionary. An heir to a cracker company? Fuck, that's the most boring food on the planet!" Katniss sighs and reaches for a roll. It's her third but she might as well eat her $50 worth. Delly is right. She could never afford any of these guys either, even if she wasn't apathetic and indifferent to the whole thing. She's not even sure she has $1500 in her checking account. They pause for dinner to be served, after the fourth bachelor is auctioned off, but it doesn't seem like twenty minutes pass before Effie is tapping the microphone and commanding everyone's attention again. As she introduces Bachelor #5, the biography sounds oddly familiar, and Katniss nearly chokes on her beef tenderloin when she hears Gale Hawthorne's name called. "Gale!" she sputters. "Oh my God, who put Gale up to this?" She watches, incredulous, as Gale steps onto the stage, and Katniss has to admit her childhood