Author's Notes- This story exists solely for the reason that it is a milestone birthday for one of my favorite people— in or out of this fandom—the wonderfully sassy, unapologetically snarky, fabulous Famousfremus. Darling, this started out as the historical love story you thought you were getting, and when that got out of hand (stop laughing), you got sports-themed Everlark that got out of hand, too. I hope your day is filled with tight ends and touchdowns…if you know what I mean. ILY! FYI the Giants were chosen for the birthday girl, since they are her favorite team, and I used Cincinnati because, well, Josh is a Reds fan, and thus maybe he's a Bengals fan too. And as always, iLoVeRynMar and Streetlightlove, you are my lifelines. Thank you for your feedback and your guidance on this. And Pookieh, thank you for your expert eyes and your comments. ILY all, ladies. THG belongs to Suzanne Collins, and the athletes' names..uh...belong to them/ "Anything else I can get for you, Katniss?" She puts down her cell phone, content to let the rest of her email go unread until after she can enjoy the meal the bartender has just placed down in front of her. Appraising her nearly empty pint glass, she motions towards it with a smile. "I'll take another Sam Summer, Darius. Thanks." The red-headed bartender winks at her and grabs a clean, frosted glass from below the bar, and once it's filled with the pale amber brew, he slides it across to her. She drains the last few drops of the first beer, and he clears it away before moving down the bar to tend to two older men. She exhales with pleasure as she finishes chewing her first bite of the cheeseburger. Being that this is the first time she's really sat down all day—her breakfast consisted of a cup of coffee and a stale Danish, and her lunch had been nonexistent—she'll make no apologies for the massive burger and mound of fries on her plate. "Got a bit of sun today, huh?" Darius asks as he appears in front of her. Instinctively, she reaches to the bridge of her nose, which is indeed a little sensitive to the touch, and she gives him a wry smile. "One of the hazards of the job this time of year, I guess." Darius laughs lightly. "I'd take the sidelines on a beautiful summer day over a dark bar anytime." She shakes her head, dredging a fry through the lake of ketchup pooled on the plate. "92 degrees with 100 percent humidity is not a beautiful day. I literally sweated right through my blouse. It was practically a wet t-shirt contest out there." "And every last one of those football players noticed, trust me." "I doubt it. I wasn't anywhere near them today. They don't talk to the media until Thursday. I was there solely to report back to the station. I'll get access to the coaches tomorrow." As a sideline reporter for ESPN, she spends the better part of the month of August watching the team to which she's assigned run their practices and get ready for the upcoming NFL season. For the past two years, it's been the New York Giants. So far, it's been pretty routine. Things will intensify when the actual preseason games begin. She continues to eat, eyes trained on the television above the bar, where one television is tuned to the NBC Nightly News, and three others are tuned to the various ESPN Networks. "Luck's the one you want to take for quarterback." "You wouldn't take Griffin?" Her finely tuned ears pick up on the thread of conversation to her left, and she cuts her eyes just enough to see two blond men gazing up at the television in the upper right hand corner where two talking heads—both arrogant douchebags from the little Katniss knows of them personally—are vehemently debating about the state of the AFC West with Peyton Manning coming to Denver. She smirks to herself, puts down her burger, and licks the excess ketchup off the corner of her mouth before clearing her throat. "I'd take Russell Wilson over either Luck or RGIII in a heartbeat. You ask me, he's going to wind up being the steal of that draft class." The men turn and stare at Katniss, and then exchange a look with each other. When the one seated next to her glances back at her, she can't help but be drawn right to the hypnotic hue of his intense blue eyes. She's never seen eyes so mesmerizing in person. He looks strangely familiar. But the other guy sizes her up suspiciously, and then a smile lifts one corner of his mouth. "You really know your football, or are you just repeating something you overheard your boyfriend discussing with his friends one night while you were busy watching Real Housewives of Beverly Hills or some shit like that? Who does Russell Wilson even play for?" She narrows her eyes at the bulkier guy, who has managed to piss her off with that one statement. "I don't have a boyfriend," she retorts, leaning forward a little, putting her closer to the handsome, blue-eyed stranger beside her, "but if I did, I'm sure he'd be more than impressed with my knowledge of sports. Sorry to interrupt your little fantasy football scouting date, or whatever it is that you two are doing. I was just making polite conversation." She pauses. "Oh, and Wilson plays for the Seahawks." She almost adds a 'fuck' and a 'you.' But the stunned expression on the hulking guy's face is enough. As she turns back to her food, she startles when she feels a warm hand on her forearm. "Are you really touching me?" she snaps, and the attractive blond recoils. Their eyes lock again, and as she discreetly studies his features, she notes a definite familiarity in them. Has she met him before somewhere? Wouldn't she have automatically remembered someone this good looking, though? She feels a little bad for being so bitchy, but really, who touches a stranger in a bar when it hasn't been preceded by heavy flirting—which this has most certainly not. "Ah…yeah. Sorry, I just wanted to get your attention." She signals Darius for the check and gives the guy an icy look. "You could have had my attention, but your friend had to go and be an asshole so you should thank him for that." He huffs, and aims a glare at his companion. "Yeah, he does that a lot." Pulling out the corporate AmEx card she uses for expenses, she passes the bill back to Darius. "Yeah, well I get guys like him patronizing me all the time in my line of work, so I'm used to it." "And what would that line of work be?" She scrawls her signature across the bottom of the receipt, adding a generous tip for Darius. "Let's just say I'm in the business, and we'll leave it at that." As she says good-bye to Darius and exits the bar, she's aware of the blue eyes following her, and she briefly laments that with slightly different circumstances, she might have been persuaded to stay around and have a drink with him, minus his douchebag friend, of course. It would have been nice spending time getting to know the hot guy better. It's been a long time since she went out on a date, given how busy her job keeps her. Oh well. But the entire drive back to her apartment, it nags at her why he looked so familiar. She makes sure to apply extra sunscreen to her face the next morning before she arrives at the Timex Performance Center where the Giants have their training camp. It's another brutally hot day, and she prays the sleeveless silk halter blouse that she's paired with lightweight cotton trouser pants isn't a damp mess by mid-morning. At least this one won't be see-through if it gets saturated with sweat. Within ten minutes, she learns it was a bad idea to even attempt to wear her hair down in loose waves. She fumbles through her messenger bag for an elastic, and her fingers quickly weave the thick tresses into a thick braid. She'll have to slip inside to restyle before she has to go on camera around noon, but it's not worth fighting with the humidity for the next four hours. She alternates making notes on her iPad and jotting down things in her notebook—she eschews recording devices like some of her colleagues prefer to use—to gather the necessary information for today's report, choosing to spend the first hour of practice observing the running backs, including two rookies. Then she shifts her attention to where Eli Manning is lobbing passes down the field. Three other well-built guys stand with him, and Katniss knows one is his backup for the last few seasons, David Carr. She taps her iPad to bring up the roster notes that the team had sent her last week and scans for the little QB icon to determine who the remaining two are. She frowns when her eyes scan the first name. #12. QB- Peeta Mellark. Why does she know that name? She shields her eyes from the glare of the sun and tries to focus on the muscular guy in the practice jersey bearing the '12' on the back. He's wearing his helmet, so she can't get a good look at his face, but what she can see of his physique is nothing short of perfection. The sleeves of the jersey are cropped, showing off his toned biceps, and his broad chest and back taper to a narrow waist. When her gaze moves lower, however, she has to swallow at the sight of the snug, sleek spandex stretched across his ass like a second skin. Get it together, Everdeen. They're all wearing tight pants. What makes his ass so special? She's always been acutely aware that in her job, she's going to be around physically fit, very attractive men on a daily basis. And some are hotter than others, but remaining professional is what has gotten her as far as she's come already since graduating with her journalism degree just two years ago. So she operates under a strict, 'look, but don't touch' policy. She's also used to the leers and the slow, predatory glances up and down her body; she's been hit on more times than she can count, and a few players have even asked her out—including several that she knows are married or with serious girlfriends. It's times like that where her 'no dating the athletes' policy comes in handy. Some of them are real dicks. Averting her eyes from Peeta Mellark's impeccable body, she taps his name on the screen to bring up his stats, and she's dismayed when it alerts her: 'No Picture Available.' But when she begins to read, recognition washes over her in waves. Now she remembers. Peeta Mellark was supposed to be the next Peyton Manning. Year after year, the experts all had him going number one in the draft, and more than one joked that he'd be worth tanking a season over. But he stayed in school at Alabama all four years, insisting that his education was as important to him as a future in the NFL. And then in the second to last game of his senior year, with their bowl bid already secured and an outside shot at the national title game, a late, vicious hit sent him to the ground, howling in pain. She recalls watching the gruesome injury occur and nearly vomiting at the sight of the white bone protruding grotesquely through his shin. It had effectively ended his college career. He had not been drafted. Instead, he had undergone major reconstructive surgery, and a metal rod had been inserted in his tibia while his shattered leg bone healed. That was two years ago.