A/N- There exist people in our lives who we will do anything for. They're there for us through good times and bad times, cheer us up when we're sad, celebrate our victories, encourage us, listen to us, and their very presence makes us a better person ourselves. iLoVeRynMar is one of these people for me. She is the foot I dipped in the fanfic waters, accepting my offer to beta her brilliant In My Head, In My Heart nearly two years ago. She is more than my sounding board and one of my favorite writers. She is one of the best people I know, and just because we've never had the chance to be in the same room together doesn't lessen our friendship at all. We share a mutual love for so many things beyond Everlark…and this ficlet, which started off as a planned one-shot that grew and grew and will now be a short WIP (probably 6 or 7 chapters, estimating 26-30K words to finish), is at her request. It's based on our common adoration for Brooklyn Nine-Nine and in particular, the episode "The Bet." I've taken some liberties with Peralta and Santiago to better reflect canon Peeta and Katniss, as well as with the rules and nature of detective work. All mistakes are mine. This will eventually be rated M. RynMar, I love you. Happy Birthday, you amazing lady. May the next year be even better than the last. (I'd save you a seat in MetLife on 11.16 if you could get here, LOL, but you have to settle for this story and some book recommendations instead.) ~*~Chapter 1~*~ ~Peeta~ "Ten bucks says I can bank this off the coffeemaker and get it to land right in the trash can." I hold up the wadded up report, and arc my arm through the air to loosen it up. Odair leans back in his chair and crosses his arms, a cocky grin on his face. "No rim." "That's not what your mom said last night," I fire back, earning a guffaw from him, but a disgusted noise comes from my left. I swivel to flash Cresta my best smile of apology, the one that makes me resemble a guilty puppy dog, and sure enough, her green eyes soften immediately before they cut back to her computer screen. "Get your wallet out, Odair," I declare, extending my arm and letting the paper fly across the room. As it approaches the table where the nearly empty coffee pot sits, a hand lurches out and snatches the wad mid-air. Everdeen's steely eyes meet mine, and she holds me in place with that cool stare as she deliberately drops the paper into the trash. "Glad to see we're having a productive Monday morning, Mellark," she says dryly. She stalks past me and heads towards her desk. My eyes follow her perfect ass in those slim tailored pants she always wears. Odair snorts and crumples up a new sheet of paper. "I don't know why you two don't just fuck and get it over with." I shoot him a look and snatch the paper from him, firing a line drive at the trashcan. I don't even bother to see if it goes in and instead cut my gaze to Everdeen. She's already settled herself behind her desk, and she's shuffling through a stack of manila folders while her laptop boots up. I keep watching, waiting for her to begin her little morning ritual: She'll flip through her case files twice (even though she always organizes her paperwork right before she goes home) then she'll choose one cold case to pore over while she drinks her coffee (2% milk and four sugars) and checks her email. She'll pull out her little neon Post-It flags and grab a green pen from her top drawer. She'll gnaw on the end of the pen, those lush lips wrapped around it while she chews, and by the time she's gone with her file, it'll look like the Lucky Charms leprechaun has done a mad jig over the pages. I've made it a point to notice everything about Detective Katniss Everdeen since she started at my precinct three years ago as a rookie. She makes it a point not to give me the time of day. Most of the station finds amusement in our situation, needling me about wanting to fuck her. It might be amusing if it weren't true. I'm insanely attracted to her, but it goes beyond her looks and wanting to get her into my bed. There is something about her that undoes me, and I just know we'd be good together—because we make a very good team. Her strengths complement mine, and thus, in the three months since she made detective and we became partners, we've solved a lot of cases and put a lot of scumbags behind bars. Unfortunately, only one of us is willing to acknowledge how well we work together. Ah, there goes the green pen. As I wait for Everdeen to tuck the pen between her teeth, my gaze flits to her lips, so full, so inviting, a pale peachy-pink hue without any kind of lipstick or gloss. I spend way too many hours wondering what those lips taste like. Suddenly she looks up, directly at me. That pretty pink mouth of hers twists into a scowl, but rather than glance away or show any remorse for blatantly staring at her, I prepare that smile again. But I don't get the chance to flash it, because Captain Abernathy coughs loudly to get the room's attention. "Mellark, Everdeen, my office. Five minutes." Everdeen looks up and barely acknowledges Abernathy with a weak bob of her head. She can be just as standoffish with our boss, and he still seems to favor her over all the other detectives in the precinct. Course no one has ever accused Haymitch Abernathy of being warm and fuzzy. "Sure thing, Captain." I reply. Abernathy grunts his approval then barks a few orders at Delly Cartwright, our civilian administrator, and with her usual bubbly enthusiasm, she scurries off after him. Odair waves an empty disposable coffee cup in front of my face, distracting me from turning my attention back to Everdeen. "Okay, first one to get this to land on its end on the break table buys lunch?" I grin. "Save that one for tomorrow." He grins back and tosses the cup into the trash, sauntering over to Cresta's desk for some shameless flirting. They don't even hide the fact that they're sleeping together. Not that it's forbidden or anything. The precinct doesn't have any rules against it, and Abernathy's stance, which we've heard many times over the years, is if you're dumb enough to shit where you eat, you reap the consequences. If things go south and you can't handle it, then you get the fuck out. After preparing my tea at the beverage station, I head to my desk. "Don't you two ever tire of your childish little bets?" says Katniss, raising only her eyes. I disarm her with a smile. "Keeps things interesting, keeps things light around here. And I like a challenge; it's why I became a cop. Maybe one day when you and I can finally have a conversation that lasts more than two minutes and isn't about work, you'll tell me why you became one." Everdeen exhales loudly, her back stiffening. She purses her lips and mumbles something before breaking our eye contact and going back to her papers. I take a sip of my tea and glance over my reasonably neat desktop, I swipe an errant Dove chocolate wrapper (one of my vices) into the trash and straighten the picture frame beside my computer monitor. Instinctively, I smile at the image of the only female that currently shares my bed: my yellow lab, Ilsa. She's a good cuddler, doesn't steal the sheets, and tolerates my morning breath. Everdeen exhales again, this one sounding like a sigh of frustration, and I cock an eyebrow at her. "Problem?" I venture. She smiles tightly. "Not at all. Just could have used another minute or two to finish this up before seeing Abernathy." She pushes back her chair, smoothes her silk blouse down, and squares her shoulders, then she stalks off in the direction of Abernathy's office. "No, that's okay, I'm right behind you!" I call, sarcasm dripping off my words as I follow her. Everdeen assumes her usual stance in front of Abernathy's desk—arms crossed under her breasts, legs shoulder-width apart, jaw set, chin forward. Her countenance is impassive, but there's that latent fire crackling in those grey irises. This is what gets her going. I know that every time we're called into the chief's office, she anticipates being handed the Next Big Case. It's not like Everdeen solicits attention—far from it, actually. But she does thrive under pressure, and thus, Abernathy has started to throw the most difficult cases in our direction. Abernathy pulls an unlit cigarette out from behind his ear and tucks it under his top lip. He quit smoking two years ago, but on most days there's still a cigarette to be found in his mouth. The rest of the time a large wad of Nicorette pooches out his cheek—he must jam six or seven pieces in there. Mason claims if they'd just let him drink on the job he'd be even more efficient. I sometimes question how she knows so much about our surly boss, but Johanna Mason is our resident Wikipedia. She seems to know everything about everyone, and is right about 95% of the time. "Have a seat." Abernathy motions to the chairs. I start, but Everdeen remains fixed in place. "I'll stand, thank you," she replies. Abernathy smirks and glances at me. I jerk my head towards her and offer my boss a sheepish smile. He shakes his head, bemused, and he leans forward to shove a file at Everdeen. "Came through from the 2nd precinct. Apparently these lowlifes they've been scoping out for almost a year are now on our turf. Suspected trafficking of underage females. Going to involve some major surveillance and stakeouts. Acquaint yourselves with the logistics. This is your case now." Everdeen is already intently scanning the first page in the file. That spark in her eyes is flickering again, and I know we're both thinking the same thing: this will definitely be big, if we can be the ones to shut the operation down. ~Katniss~ I can feel his eyes on me as I read. I won't give him the satisfaction of looking at him, but my peripheral vision is outstanding so I know Mellark's watching me. When Abernathy dismisses us, I tuck the folder under my arm and assure my boss that I'll be ready. I stride out of his office, leaving Mellark in my wake. Behind me I hear Mason make some sort of smart-ass remark at him, and he volleys back a "fuck off." When he reaches his desk, he has a chocolate-glazed donut in one hand. I make a big production out of sitting down at my desk, rearranging my files, placing the new one open atop the stack. He's watching me again. His blue eyes don't blink, and his jaw moves, almost hypnotically, as he chews his donut. I'm still surprised he has such a sweet tooth. He doesn't strike me as the type who would eat sugary crap, not with a physique like the one I know he's concealing beneath his dress shirt and slacks. I've seen him in much tighter clothing during our required simulation trainings. Furthermore, we have a gym in the station, and the first time I saw Mellark, shirtless and sweaty, bench-pressing three times my body weight, I cursed myself for gawking. A lot. Like, more than I should have. I'm not oblivious to Mellark's good looks. He's hot I'll give him that. The problem is he's almost too attractive for his