Author's Note: This was written for the Spring Fling on AO3 as a gift for MsDisdain. I chose to use several pieces of each of her three prompts, the main of which was "Katniss as a NY actress who discovers that her old classmate, Peeta Mellark, is designing the sets on her new show." I also included elements from a request for Katniss/Peeta/Finnick working emotionally as a relationship, not PWP and tasteful smut. It was a pleasure to write this, and I hope that everyone enjoys this. It's a complete story, but I would not rule out one-shots and outtakes in the future if people respond to it! This story would not be the same without the incomparable talents of HGRomance, who generously talked me off the ledge several times, held my hand, and read countless drafts. I also must thank Jeeno2, ILoveRynMar and streetlightlove, who dealt with my temporary insanity while writing this and betaing six other stories at the same time. THG belongs to Suzanne Collins; the title of Katniss's show comes from Nancy Springer's Rowan Hood series, but there is no other similarity to her novels, and the title comes from the Lord Byron poem quoted below. " There is a pleasure in the pathless woods…" Lord Byron Sixteen years ago… Katniss's father roused her from bed early, pressing his finger to his lips as he lifted her from her big-girl bed. She nodded and mimicked him, stealing a glance at the baby sleeping peacefully in Katniss's old crib just a few feet away. She was excited to dress herself, and after Papa helped her into her thermal underwear, she slipped both arms through the sleeves of her cable-knit sweater and after fumbling with the buttons, she gleefully managed to fasten each one and in the right order too. She tugged on a pair of jeans and jammed her small feet into her boots. Papa had prepared two thermoses, one brimming with hot chocolate for her and the other with coffee for him. He waited to twist on the lid before he allowed Katniss to take a deep breath of his steaming beverage. She loved the smell of coffee. This morning her father had an extra treat for her; a white bag with its top neatly folded over sat in the center of the kitchen table. The swirling blue script was foreign to her, as she had only just learned to write her own name in shaky manuscript. But when her father nodded his head and she pulled open the bag, a delicious aroma filled her nostrils and caused her stomach to growl in response. It was earthy and doughy and Katniss automatically licked her lips, her mouth watering as she took another deep breath. She reached down and her fingers found purchase with a flaky roll that she eagerly withdrew and held in her palm. It was still warm. She handed the roll to Papa before reaching back into the bag and grabbing the second roll. They shared a secretive smile, and Katniss watched Papa bite into the bun. She lifted her own roll to her mouth and took a tentative bite. Warmth filled her mouth first, but as Katniss chewed thoughtfully, her taste buds came alive as they sensed the sweet, nutty flavor of cheese. She peered at the roll in her hand and saw the white substance oozing over the edges of the roll where she had just bitten. Lifting the bun to her mouth again, she darted out her tongue to lap up the melted cheese. Katniss loved the cheese buns from the bakery in town more than anything; it was a rare occasion that she got to indulge in such treats. Until Mama could go back to work, there wasn't much extra money, and even at her young age, Katniss knew this. The baker's youngest son was in Katniss's kindergarten class, and she often found herself salivating over the array of goodies that Peeta Mellark unpacked at snack time. The blueberry muffins. The sugar cookie shaped like a maple leaf. Some kind of pastry in the shape of a triangle. Katniss often chewed her own banana and wished it was moist, sweet bread instead. Her mother hadn't baked anything since Primrose was born. " Finish up, Kitten. We should get going." Katniss wrinkled her nose. "I don't want to be a kitten anymore, Papa. They're not fierce hunters. I want to be a tiger." " Well, okay, Tiger," he laughed. "Let's go then." He ruffled her bangs before handing Katniss her favorite knit stocking cap. She shoved the hat on her head, her braids sticking out on either side. After locating her mittens in the pocket of her coat, she wiggled her fingers into the warm wool and gave their mangy tabby cat, Buttercup, a little wave as she followed her father out the back door. He reached for her hand as they began the short walk to the dense forest behind the Everdeens' house. The chilly autumn sun was just brushing the horizon, streaks of crimson and violet leeching through the lightening sky. Katniss's eyes followed the rows of evergreens that dominated their woods. The few birch, oak and maple trees scattered among the firs and pines had just started to drop their leaves, and the kaleidoscope of reds, oranges and golds laid a path like a royal carpet, welcoming her to their sylvan kingdom. They passed the little lake where her father had taught her to swim when she turned three; its surface rippled serenely in the peaceful morning air. The cat-o-nine tails and katniss flowers for which she was named swayed gently in the slight autumn breeze. Katniss listened for the croaks of the bullfrogs that were so loud on summer mornings, but the air was still and quiet. The crunching of the leaves under their feet was the only sound she heard. Her father circled around the pond to the little shed where he kept his tools and his hunting weapons. He struggled with the padlock for a few moments before it clicked open and he was able to swing the door ajar. Katniss bounced on the balls of her feet, her stomach tight with excitement and anticipation. Her father was beaming as he reemerged from the cabin. " Here, Tiger. I think this will be just perfect for you." He presented the object to Katniss, and she gasped in awe as her small fingers caressed the smoothly sanded wood of the bow. " Papa, it's beautiful," she breathed. " I thought you'd like it," he winked, stepping inside the shed again to retrieve his own bow and two quivers of arrows. Katniss was delighted to see the miniature quiver so like her father's. She accepted it and hoisted the tiny bundle over her own shoulder. They trod to the deepest part of the woods, sunlight filtering down through the sparse branches. " I want to do something before we start," he smiled, gesturing to a large oak tree where he had hung a large bulls-eye. "Stand against that tree trunk, just beneath the target." Katniss nodded and obediently walked to the tree, Papa close behind her. She straightened her back along the rough bark, watching intently as Papa took the shaft of the arrow and laid it flat, carefully scratching a mark into the tree where her head reached. " There. We'll do that every few months and see how much you've grown," he smiled again. Katniss beamed back. Papa was a patient teacher. They spent hours that first morning with him gently coaching her in the best way to hold the bow before he even allowed her to place an arrow into the bowstring. Her father had marked a small nocking point to help her guide the arrow's placement. " You want to keep your hands as steady as possible, Katniss," he murmured softy, angling her body to face the large oak tree where the bulls-eye was. "Steady hands give you the best chance for an accurate shot." Katniss frowned as her slight fingers trembled with the effort of drawing back the string. " I'm not making them shake, Papa," she pouted. "They're doing it all on their own." Papa laughed. " It will get easier, Tiger. I promise. That's why you practice." He guided her right arm to straighten itself as he coaxed her left arm to draw itself back, her fingers wrapped tightly around the grip. " Good," he whispered. "I'm going to let go now, Katniss. Keep that stance and don't move your hands yet." She nodded and tried to stand like a statue. It was just like playing freeze tag after recess, she told herself. She was good at freeze tag. " Okay, pull your left arm back a tiny bit more and then let go of the string. Keep aiming right at the center of the bulls-eye." Katniss took a deep breath and followed her father's instructions. Her fingers loosened and released the bowstring, but her heart sank when she watched the arrow wobble and tumble harmlessly to the forest floor just a few feet away. She never did manage to get an arrow anywhere near the tree that morning. It took several more Saturday mornings before one of her arrows lodged itself into the bark of the oak tree well below the target. By the time she turned six, no arrow ever landed beyond the center of the bulls-eye. Over the years, the etchings on that maple tree climbed steadily up the trunk. Katniss's father raised the target in tandem with her increasing height. They also added little touches to their wood: from a low-slung branch of a gnarled oak, Katniss strung a tangle of wind chimes she made in middle school metal shop; her father planted a row of evening primrose along the border of the tiny shed, his small gesture a means to have both his daughters immortalized in their sacred forest. And just a week before the accident, her father carved all four of their initials inside a crude heart before replacing the felt target atop it. Two days after they lowered his casket along with her mother's into the soggy, late-summer soil, Katniss felled that same oak tree with an ax and hacked it to kindling. She swore never to set foot in their forest again without him. New York City, Present Day It's the oldest cliché in the book, but Katniss Everdeen has butterflies in her stomach. With each measured step, she feels the nausea from her nerves cresting, threatening to expel itself right onto the sidewalk. She is surprised that a job she wasn't entirely sure she had wanted in the first place is creating such anxiety in her. Of course she wants this more than she is willing to admit to herself, and that is the real source of her nervousness. She quickens her pace and tightens her scarf around her neck, tugging up the soft wool to shield her chin and mouth from the howling December winds. The sky swells with bulging grey clouds and the air smells of snow. Store windows display Christmas decorations and the ringing bells from the Salvation Army Santas pierce the air. This is it, she thinks as she arrives at her destination. She has never been more nervous. For the past three months, Katniss has been tending bar while she tries to figure out what she wants to do with her life. She's a few months away from finishing her senior year of college at SUNY Stony Brook and plans to graduate with a degree in music, though what she wants to do with that degree is still a mystery to her. When she had met with her senior advisor a few weeks earlier, he had strongly urged her to consider music education. Katniss bluntly replied that the thought of spending her days teaching scales and introducing the recorder to runny-nosed kindergartners terrified her, as did