Author's Note: I can't say enough about Streetlightlove. Our friendship started when I read an author's note in her story "If This Be Treason..." and the Revolutionary War nerd/teacher in me said, 'hey, I can help her with her request for a beta.' Our first PM conversations were mostly about history and her pregnancy, as she was due in a few months with Baby!Street. And here we are, over a year later, and there isn't a day that goes by that I don't talk to her about anything and everything. (Hell, we don't even fight when the Bruins and Rangers play.) I value her opinion on my writing, and I love watching the responses she gets to hers. She posts my crap for me on her tumlbr page because I'm not on there. She makes me a better person and better writer. So when I asked her what she wanted for her bday, she said, "Write me an Everlark version of The Town." Yikes—a lofty goal, for it's a phenomenal movie. But I would do anything for her, and this little beast of a one-shot took shape. I hope it's everything that you wanted, my dear. Thank you for being one of my best friends, my partner in crime, and my better half. You are one of a kind, and I love you. Thanks to iLoVeRynMar and Pookieh for their patience and sage advice. And as always, thanks to Ro for the perfect banner/cover. THG and the canon lines belong to Suzanne Collins. All liberties I've taken with the law and the protocols of banks is my own, and the fictional state of Panem allows me to do that. :) ~Monday evening~ ~Katniss~ "Promise me this is the last one," I say, my eyes holding him in place from where he's pouring over a jumbled stack of floor plans and access codes and alarm details. He emits a sardonic chuckle, shuffling the papers until he locates the one he needs. "Sure, Catnip, I promise." But his tone betrays the words, and I know it's a lie as much as he does. I ask it every time, and every time, his answer is the same. But nothing changes. I sigh and cross the room, sinking down next to him on the threadbare couch, my fingers pulling at the frayed corduroy, plunging down into a hole until they find purchase with the scratchy polyester filling inside the cushion. It's falling apart, just like everything else in this hellhole. Tucking my legs up underneath me, I lean my head on his shoulder, scanning the sheet of paper he is studying so intently. It looks to be a fairly simple layout. The job can take no more than five minutes if all goes according to his calculations. But that does little to reassure me, little to ease my tormented conscience. "There's no reason why this one won't go smoothly, just like all the others have," he murmurs, putting down the floor plan and stroking my hand gently. "Relax. It will be fine." I close my eyes, letting his empty reassurance try to placate my nerves. But it will never be fine; it never has been. I'm tired, so tired of living this way. It's not living. It's surviving. There's a big difference. ~Tuesday morning~ ~Peeta~ I bite back a groan when I open the door of the Starbucks and see the line curved around the front of the shop. It never fails that on the mornings I'm running late, the rest of the world seems to be conspiring against me to make me even later. I sneak a quick peek at my watch. I can wait a just few minutes, but if the line doesn't move a little faster, I'll have to bypass my morning tea. There is far too much to do today since we were closed yesterday for Veteran's Day. The armored van will arrive for drop-off around eight, and it's already half-past seven. The line continues to crawl at a snail's pace, but one of the baristas, a lithe, edgy blonde, catches my eye and winks at me, grabbing a cup to scrawl something across the side. I give her a grateful smile. She's a fast learner, since I haven't been a regular at this Starbucks for very long. Or she could be flirting with me, though she's far from my type. Nonetheless, I'll be sure to jam two or three singles in the tip jar when I pay for my tea. Several minutes later, tea in hand, I stroll briskly towards the Panem National Bank on 74th Street. I've been working at the east branch for three weeks now, having been transferred from the one on the west side when I received a promotion to branch manager. My mother was horrified when I told my parents the news. No, she could never just celebrate something good that happened for me. Instead she had to dwell on the fact that her son would be working in the Seam. 'How is that a promotion?' she had gasped, aghast, before she made me promise that I would keep my apartment on the nicer side of town and take public transportation to work each day. I had smiled tightly and resisted the urge to remind her that I am 24-years-old and can handle the big bad world just fine on my own. Besides, I like my apartment just fine. It had been hard enough to find one that didn't require me to get a roommate. I can't see leaving it any time soon. But it does make me a little uneasy to be working in the Seam. It's an entirely different environment than the tidy little neighborhood in town where I had been raised, where my parents made (and continue to make) a comfortable living running the bakery that has been in my family for four generations. Crime is prevalent in the Seam, and among the nearly daily occurrence of petty thefts and drug deals and prostitution arrests, there are countless armed bank robberies, practically one a week lately. The Seam, in fact, has the highest incidence of armed heists in the country—a less than admirable claim to hang its hat on, but some residents relate that fact with pride. There's been a bump of bank robberies in recent months too: five alone since Labor Day. The papers and news broadcasts are filled with reports and speculation. These heists are well planned and flawlessly executed, and little is known about the gang that is pulling them off, beyond some sparse details that the few witnesses have been able to provide: four robbers who favor grotesque masks and dress as nuns. So far no bank employees have been harmed—at least not physically. Psychologically, however, I imagine there are years of therapy lying ahead for them. It gives me pause each morning when I arrive and swipe my access card to unlock the rear door, and today is no different. I peer over my shoulder cautiously, feeling slightly ridiculous for doing so, because there are scores of banks all over Panem, and I know the odds are likely in my favor that mine will not be the next target. I hear the three clicks and the soft 'beep' that precludes the door unlatching, and I slip safely inside. I release the breath that I'd been holding and begin to flick on the lights. I shrug my suit jacket off my shoulders, draping it across the back of my desk chair, and I set my tea and my cell phone down on the desk. Just another day at the office. ~Katniss~ I chew on my cuticle anxiously, picking invisible threads off my black pants as I half listen to Gale. Biting my nails is a bad habit, but it's cheaper and less hazardous to my health than smoking. Gale must go through a pack or two a day. The others are partial to their bongs most of the time. My eyes flit between Gale and his brother, Rory, then across the seat to the fourth member of our gang. Darius's tongue works at the small gap between his front teeth, and when he catches me staring at him, he waggles his eyebrows and rolls his eyes, gesturing towards Gale. I crack a small smile and look out the window, gnawing on my chapped lips. At least I'm not the only one growing weary of Gale's John Dillinger routine. "We're here. No sight of the van. This is good. Get ready," Gale says, cutting the engine. "Catnip, wake the fuck up." I startle, tugging at my braid, and I pull the ghoulish mask down over my face, but not before I aim a scowl at the back of Gale's head. I then grab the nun's habit from the seat beside me, tuck my braid under the hood, and adjust the wimple across my forehead. I can practically feel my skin prickling in response. Gale continues yapping, going on about how we have a short window before the employees arrive for work, and only the manager will be here now. The bank was closed for Veteran's Day yesterday, and the armored van should have just completed a substantial drop off as a result, not to mention the vault should already be full. We've got five minutes. That's it. We can't take any chances, in case any model employees show up early. I frown beneath my mask, glad that Gale can't see my face clearly. I have an uneasy feeling about this job. I can't explain why, though, because I've had equally bad feelings about all our previous heists, even if we have yet to encounter a single problem during any of them. Gale gleefully shows us the papers constantly; the phrases 'no trace of evidence,' 'no clues as to the identities of the perpetrators,' and 'authorities stumped' pepper the headlines. There are always just too many "what ifs' and uncertainties for my taste. Furthermore, unlike my three partners-in-crime, I don't get off on the adrenaline. I don't bask in the exhilaration of getting away with hundreds of thousands of dollars. It's blood money. I only use what I have to in order to get by—to keep food on the table, a roof (no matter how shitty and how leaky it is) over our heads, and to keep my sister away from Cray. I've seen far too many Seam girls fall prey to the seedy pimp, and I refuse to let Prim become one of them, because Prim has enough problems without adding prostitution to the growing list. I'm doing my damndest to protect her and provide for her, though the cost of doing so continues to rise. One day, however, I'll have enough to get the hell away from here—far, far away from here. Gale's door opens and his voice jolts me back to reality. "You all know what to do," he barks. "Let's roll." I suck in a breath. It's time. ~Peeta~ As I prepare for opening, I hum quietly to myself, enjoying the temporary silence, because when the rest of my employees arrive shortly, my peace and quiet will come to an end. The satellite radio will inevitably get set to the schmaltzy easy listening station that Mags Cohen prefers, and Delly Cartwright will chew my ear off about her blind date last night, and the drive-up lanes' chimes will ping repeatedly with people wanting to cash checks and make deposits after the long weekend. I fill the lollipop jar and add fresh Milk Bones to the dog treat jar, frowning when I see some smudges on the window that must have been left behind when I removed the little holiday closure reminder sign. Grabbing the Windex from beneath the ledge, I quickly clean the spot and nod to myself when the glass is spotless again. Years of cleaning the plate-glass windows at my parents' bakery and bracing myself for my mother's wrath if they didn't meet