Author's Note- Merry Christmas and Happy New Year! This holiday tale is a humble offering to a lady who herself is a gift to this fandom. With her beautiful art that captures moments from canon and fanfic alike, she never fails to bring about joy and smiles, and I am very, very grateful for her friendship. Months ago when we giggled about the prospect of Peeta dressed as Santa Claus, I offered to write her such a story, but I did not plan on it being a post-Mockingjay fic as it wound up becoming. So Everlart, my dear, I hope this meets your expectations. I'm sorry my illnesses delayed your present by a few days, or perhaps maybe you can look at it as an early Three Kings' Day gift! And thank you for the beautiful, beautiful art that will serve as the cover to this story. Thanks to iLoVeRynMar and streetlightlove for reading, and for your pep talks and support and love. Title comes from the old Shaker hymn. THG belongs to Suzanne Collins. The snow begins to fall lightly, dusting the rooftops like powdered sugar. I stare out the window, glancing towards Haymitch's house, where the white flakes disappear into the grey puffs belching from the chimney. Twilight descends earlier and earlier now, as the days creep towards the winter solstice, and the snow-swollen sky had swallowed the sun hours ago. A light burns in his front window, and I have half a mind to put on my coat and tromp across the street to invite our former mentor to dinner. I got a good haul when I ventured into the woods that morning, and there will be an abundance of venison and rabbit for the next week as a result. But Peeta isn't home yet, and I always like to be here to greet him when he returns from work at the bakery. I expect him any minute. I crane my neck to the left, as far as I can manage with the obstruction of the window, straining to see further up the street, where only speckled patches of paving stones were visible under the icy shawl. Nothing but the lacy swirl of snowflakes. I sigh. It's nearly four o'clock. He's later than usual, but I imagine the snow very well may having some kind of a hypnotic effect, not to mention it can bother his leg. Drawing the curtains, I light a few candles and arrange some wood on the hearth. A cozy fire always seems to complement the snow, I think as I strike a match and watch the flame lick across the kindling. Fire and I have reconciled our differences over the years. Rubbing my hands together in satisfaction, I busy myself straightening up the front room, which sometimes still feels a little too big, even though we are a family of three now. As if to affirm the fact, I notice a stub of yellow barely visible beneath the leg of the ottoman, where she likes to color, and I retrieve it with a wry smile. A few moments later I hear his heavy footfalls and her squeals of delight just outside the door, and I toss the pastel stick into the basin of colorful nubs she keeps by the kitchen table, turning to greet them when the door opens with an arctic blast of winter air. I can't suppress the grin that steals across my face at the sight of her, held upside down over Peeta's left shoulder like the sacks of flour and sugar that he hauls around at the bakery. Her raven hair cascades down, whisking back and forth like a silken broom, until they're across the threshold and Peeta easily sets her back on solid ground. "Mama!" she cries, launching herself at my legs, her spindly arms hugging my upper thighs. "Hi, baby," I smile, brushing her tangled tresses—so like mine at that age—out of her face. Unlike me, however, she much prefers her hair flowing and loose, and it often takes several minutes of coaxing for her to allow me to plait it, which is not often. Peeta shrugs off his coat and hangs it by the door, then he begins unraveling his scarf and carefully stomps the snow off his boots on the doormat. "You're later than usual," I say, as he walks towards me and traps our daughter between us, descending on my mouth for a cold kiss. The sensation of his chilled lips on my warm ones only intensifies the pleasant tingle that his embrace never fails to elicit in me. "Go hang up your coat, and then you can show Mama your surprise," he says, and she nods obediently, scampering back towards the door. He wraps his arms around me and lowers his mouth to mine again, and he tastes like peppermint when his tongue sweeps past my teeth briefly. As he draws back, his eyes sparkle mischievously. "Surprise?" I ask, arching a brow at him. He just grins. A few beads of moisture, likely melted snow, cling to his impossibly long lashes, and I reach up to glide the pad of my thumbs over each his eyelids just as they flutter shut. When he opens his eyes again, he gazes at me reverently, and I smile shyly. "Mama, look!" When I glance down at her, I see his eyes shining up at me, the same clear, intense shade of blue framed by a fringe of long, dark lashes. Her face is alight with excitement as she thrusts a book up at me. "Ms. Cartwright gave it to me! She said I could keep it because I liked it so much!" I take the book and glance at the cover. " 'Twas the Night Before Christmas ?" She nods proudly, as if she is personally responsible for the book in my hands. I examine it more closely, running my fingers over the ornate script proclaiming the title, and I study the image of a fat man in a red suit, trimmed with white fur, sitting in a sleigh. My nose wrinkles and my brows slip down as I notice the eight reindeer pulling the sleigh. My first thought is that I wonder how different reindeer meat might taste from regular deer meat. My next thought is how are those animals flying? Really—flying deer? "That's Saint Nicholas," she explains to me, her little face getting very serious. "But children called him Santa Claus. He flew all over the world delivering presents to boys and girls who were good." She crooks her finger at me, and I lean down closer. "But the naughty children would get a lump of coal in their stockings instead." Coal. I think about how when I was her age, that would have been the only thing District 12 children would have had an abundance of—no matter if they were naughty or nice. And there would never have existed anyone as chubby and happy as this red-faced, smiling old man. Those lucky enough to live long lives were as scrawny and underfed as the rest of us. A strange prickling sensation sparks in my belly, and warmth blooms in me. How different things are for my daughter. "I know lots of other things about Christmas, Mama. And Hanukkah too," she chatters on while I flip through the pages of the beautifully illustrated poem. Peeta adds, "Delly has been teaching the children about some of the holidays that used to be celebrated before the Dark Days." He clears his throat softly. "And I think Delly has a really fair point that enough time has passed. Panem could stand to revive some of these ancient celebrations, if not adopt some new ones. The Games are over," he reaches for my cheek and brushes his thumb along it, "and we shouldn't live in their shadows forever." I remain quiet, staring at the drawing on the page of three sleeping children, nestled together under a blanket, stockings hung from the headboard of their bed, while the jolly man leans over them, some kind of a peppermint stick in one hand. "You know why I like Christmas best out of all the special days that Ms. Cartwright teached us about?" she says. "Taught," I correct her gently, gathering her hair and twisting it, smiling down at her. "Why?" Her blue eyes dance as they reflect the firelight. "Because boys and girls were supposed to leave cookies and milk out for Santa Claus. And if there was really a Santa Claus and I left out cookies and milk, I know that he'd love my cookies the best, cause my daddy makes the best cookies." "That he does," I look over to the kitchen to give Peeta an adoring smile, and from where he's rolling out dough for biscuits he looks between her and me—his two girls—and he returns it. Once she's been bathed and her teeth have been brushed—the nighttime tasks that fall to me—Peeta tucks our daughter into bed, hands her a ratty plush goose that was her very first gift from Haymitch, and she curls into Peeta's side, as he perches on her bed and begins to read to her from an old volume of fairy tales. Peeta is the dreamer, and we had a relatively healthy disagreement when she was born over the kind of bedtime stories that we would read to her. While I have grown infinitely more confident that the days of the Hunger Games and rebellion and war are behind us, I have also not yet come to terms with the fanciful worlds that these rosy stories paint. We will forever live in the shadows of our past, no matter what Peeta insists, and thus, I have not been in favor of filling her head with these idyllic, but false, fantasylands. But Peeta is so damn persuasive, with his honeyed tone and his eloquently chosen words, and he has worn me down through the years, and now most evenings I hover in the doorway and listen to my husband and our daughter traipsing through forests with girls in red cloaks, or outsmarting witches by shoving them into cavernous ovens. Her blue eyes start to slip closed, and her little head lolls from side to side, and Peeta catches my eye and gives me an amused smile as he closes the book and carefully extracts himself from beneath her tiny body. He cradles her and settles her amongst her pillows, nestling the goose in her arms, and I creep into the room to draw her quilt up to her chin, pressing a light kiss to her forehead, and Peeta does the same. He clicks off her lamp, and together we tiptoe from the room. The fire crackles and sputters, slowly extinguishing as the log I lit earlier that evening starts to reach its end, and the dying embers glow and fade, glow and fade. Peeta asks if he should throw a new log on, and would I like to work on a new book with him tonight. Intrigued, I agree, and while he's bringing the fire roaring back to life, I prepare us two mugs of tea, adding a liberal heaping of sugar and honey to mine, leaving his plain as always. As we sit down at the table, he pulls out a thick leather book and opens it, the creamy blank parchment staring back at us, blank, begging to be claimed by his expert strokes and pretty words. "What is this book going to be about?" I ask, my eyes flitting to the plant book and memory book, both of which sit dormant on the large bookshelf opposite the hearth. Fortunately, we haven't had much cause to add to either one in recent months. "She inspired me," he smiles, lining up his charcoals, pastels and paints, searching for the nib and ink that he uses to painstakingly letter the title pages. Even Peeta's penmanship is a work of art. He once tried