Author's Note: So it's come to this: this wonderful, amazing, talented fandom has this girl writing again after a nearly ten year hiatus. My, how things have changed since Buffy. This story was inspired by a children's book that I teach to my gifted section of literature. I won't reference its full title, as I do not want it hijacking any legitimate searches students may do on that novel. But it is by Avi and the main character is named Charlotte, and that should give curious readers enough. The characters in this story belong to Suzanne Collins, but the words are my own. Any books Katniss references in the story belong to their original authors. I would be remiss if I did not give credit to the two ladies who have held my hand throughout this whole process: the indomitable jeeno2 and the inspiring ILoveRynMar. Thank you for the encouragement, the laughs and the therapy. This story is nearly complete, so I am hopeful I can keep to a regular posting schedule. I am sorry...no tumblr. Lame, I know. Thank you for reading. -Court Rated M for later content (violence, language, sexual situations) Prologue To fully understand and appreciate the ordeal from which I have finally been freed, you must fully comprehend where my journey began. My name is Katniss Everdeen. Or rather, it was Katniss Everdeen. The Katniss Everdeen that existed for 16 years ceased to be that fateful summer of 1832. I boarded a ship a young lady, eager to return home to the loving embraces of my father, my mother and my precious sister, Primrose. Though American by birth, my parents sent me to England at the tender age of eight, knowing I would receive a much better education abroad. (America was only just establishing private academies for girls in 1824.) It is only because of a bound book of paper that I am able to convince myself that what happened to me was not a fantastical dream, some sort of nightmare from which I nearly did not escape. My father, in a letter detailing my anticipated trip home, instructed me to keep a journal of my daily activities so that I might properly reflect on my time at sea once I arrived home in Philadelphia. He warned me he would be reading the volume and examining my penmanship, my grammar and my spelling. I should confess that no amount of practice has ever much improved my penmanship. Two months later, I departed that ship a pardoned criminal, my name cleared as a murderess only after an arduous trial and at the expense of several lives. And yet, knowing where I am now, what my life became after that momentous voyage, I would not change a thing. Not one. This is my story. Every word I speak is true. Chapter 1 13 June 1832, Liverpool, England "…built fifty years ago in Baltimore, Maryland. I wouldn't have thought such fine craftsmanship possible of something constructed in the colonies, but she is exquisite, is she not? Miss Everdeen?" "Pardon?" I turn and meet the disapproving eyes of my chaperone, Miss Ephrenia Trinket. The older woman purses her lips before pressing them into a forced smile. "I was introducing you to your ship, Miss Everdeen," Miss Trinket clucks, gesturing grandly to the imposing vessel anchored several yards down the gangplank among a throng of other ships. I squint and let my eyes focus on the ship. I hardly remembered sailing to England as a child eight years earlier, and while at boarding school, I never had much cause to be in the presence of such a ship. Miss Trinket is right. The Mockingjay is indeed exquisite. The ship is what one would call a brig, a two-masted vessel. An obviously-fresh coat of glossy white paint causes the ship to gleam in the sunlight, and its rails and bow shine black as coal. The sails are reefed, the gentle breeze having no effect on them as a result. I have to admit it is the unusual name that intrigues me most. I have never heard of a mockingjay. I have seen mockingbirds, and I have seen blue jays, but upon closer inspection of the figurehead, I can only surmise that this ship's commissioner must have enjoyed Frankenstein . (We shall not speak of how I am acquainted with that novel.) That is the only conceivable explanation for the hybrid creature that adorns the front of the ship. I have never seen a bird quite like the one that juts out beneath the bowsprit. Its mouth is open in an obscene shriek, and if it is possible for a bird to appear terrifying, this one does for certain. I feel a shiver consume me in spite of the June sunshine. "It's lovely," I reply. Miss Trinket clucks her tongue again. "She, Miss Everdeen. She. A ship is not an "it." It's as much a lady as you or I." "I shall make note of that." I try to keep the irritation out of my voice, and I am well aware that it is not good etiquette to roll my eyes. I chide myself for thinking that Miss Trinket can be very difficult to tolerate at times, however true it may be. "Now where is that porter?" Miss Trinket cranes her neck and flutters her fan in front of her face several times as I watch her scan the busy dock. "Ah, there he is. Young man!" Truth be told, I find myself more in awe of the dock than the ship. It is as far a cry from the Panem School for Better Girls and its stone walls, wrought-iron fences and crawling ivy, and quaint topiaries. I could not have known such a sight could exist beyond the pages of a fictional novel. There are crates piled high everywhere I look, crates brimming with exports bound for the islands and beyond, America. The aroma of tea leaves and coffee beans creates a heady brew in the air, and I'm startled to hear the squawks of parrots and the screeches of at least one monkey. Molasses. Rum. Brocade cloth. Silk. I try to contain an audible gasp as I peer into a half-open crate and my eyes land upon glittering diamonds and opaque pearls. "Miss Everdeen?" I shake myself from my reverie and am again met with a disapproving glance from Miss Trinket. She gestures to the man who is now carrying my valise in one hand and preparing to haul my trunk with the other. "Thank you, sir," I smile politely. "Which ship, miss?" the porter asks, directing the question at me, but Miss Trinket is quick to answer. " The Mockingjay," she replies with a haughty flourish. "Helmed by one Captain Snow." The porter's eyes widen, and he lets go of both the trunk and the valise, sending the bag to the dock with a thump . I jump at the noise. "I'll not set foot near that ship, miss," he declares, taking several steps back from where Miss Trinket and I gape at him in disbelief. "Well, I never!" Miss Trinket shrills. "Pick up those bags, young man. You were given six pence to carry Miss Everdeen's belongings." The porter shakes his head vehemently and plunges his hand into his right pocket. He thrusts his fist forward and reaches for Miss Trinket's hand, dropping the coins into her white-gloved palm. "I wouldn't take one more step near any ship captained by Mr. Snow." He spits the name as if it was poison. Without another word, he spins on his heel and takes off down the dock, weaving in and out of the jumbled cargo as nimbly as a mouse. I am stunned by the man's audacity, but I glance at Miss Trinket out of the corner of my eye. Her painted-pink lips are barely visible so tightly are they pressed together, and her corkscrew curls spring as she begins to scan the crowd once more. "You!" she cries, pointing at a burly man moving a large sack of rice across the dock just a few feet away from them. "I have a shilling for you if you will kindly carry this young lady's belongings to her ship." "A shilling?" he barks, raising an eyebrow at her. "Two shillings," I pipe up, reaching for my reticule. It is certainly an inconvenience for him to stop his current task, so perhaps a higher offer will raise his spirits and his disposition. Miss Trinket shoots me her third disapproving glare, but I ignore the scornful look and withdraw a shilling to match Miss Trinket's offer. "Aye, two shillings," the man agrees, taking the coin from me. He extends his hand towards Miss Trinket, who mumbles something as she produces the second shilling. The man winks at me, and I can feel my cheeks flush at the gesture. I am not used to the presence of such a rough looking man, and I know the wink is not a sign that should be directed at a lady of my station. Nonetheless, it provides me a secret thrill, one I have never experienced thus far in my life. There is so much beyond the Panem School for me to discover. I notice that Miss Trinket and the man have begun walking, so I follow them along the dock until we come to a stop in front of the Mockingjay . No sooner have we stopped walking then, just as the first porter had, the man drops my trunk and valise without a word and disappears into the crowd. A feeling of unease creeps into my bones. "Where are the manners?" Miss Trinket cries. "Honestly. You see, Miss Everdeen, these are the men we warn you about at Panem. Common men have no manners and no decency. Not even a proper bow from that horrid man." She smoothes her dress along her hips and gives me a purposeful smile. "Now you know why your father and mother would not hear of you sailing without companions. That ship will be full of the roughest men you will ever set eyes on. Sailors, Miss Everdeen, are the lowest of the low." I sigh inwardly and smile politely as Miss Trinket drones on, and I begin to study The Mockingjay at this closer vantage. I am immediately struck dumb at how massive it seems now that I am standing beside it. I swallow nervously at the thought of being at sea for so many months. I have never coped well with nausea, and I fear getting seasick. It shall be a long journey home to Philadelphia. "Now where is the first mate? I was promised by the Captain himself that his first mate would be here to accept you." "Will my companions already be on board?" I ask, adjusting my own white gloves and pushing back a stray curl that has sought refuge from my bonnet. When my father had made the arrangements for me to travel home on one of his company's ships, he had explained to me that it would not be proper for a young lady to sail with just the complement of a crew. Yes, the captain would be a gentleman of similar station, but his first responsibility would be to the ship, and he could not be expected to keep me occupied at all times. Nor was I to distract him from his duties to his post. Thus, my father had secured passage for two families to join me on the voyage to America. I know nothing of either family save both have young children, and I will be expected to read to the children from my morality books and the Bible. I can still picture my father's immaculate script on the parchment: strive to be a role model…honor our family name … "I do not know, Miss Everdeen. Your ship is not scheduled to depart until day break tomorrow, so they still have