This starts right at the end of Blood of Olympus , using the dialogue between Will and Nico from chapter LVI. It starts as another 'three days in the infirmary' Solangelo fix that will continue up to Trials of Apollo. Slow burn, some angst in the middle, and I promise fluff. August 4th Will Will was startled awake, disoriented. He reminded himself that everything was fine, for now. It had been three days since the battle ended, but after the days of stress, watching more and more monsters join the Roman forces threatening his home, fighting in the battle that ended with so many of his friends injured, and then recruiting all of the healthy Apollo campers to help in the infirmary, he'd barely been able to sleep more than a couple hours at a time for the past week. He was exhausted, but still on edge, his body waiting for the next emergency. It didn't help that Will felt useless, more or less. He was never a great fighter, the best he could do was try and stop the bleeding once it all ended, literally. Of course he ran into Nico di Angelo, who had thought he was a joke, trying to do a scouting mission in all black without covering his hair … not that he really cared about what the son of Hades thought, but he had a good point. Will was out of his element on the battlefield. He figured he was lucky enough to make it out unharmed … and who else to thank for that but Nico himself, taking down six Romans when he could barely stand - barely stay solid enough to hold his sword, even. Will's thoughts drifted to the battle in Manhattan, Nico showing up with his father and the army they raised - it was amazing. Will felt like every time he got a glimpse of Nico over the years, he was different - more brooding, yes, but also more powerful and more independent each time he appeared, gaining a sens realism and grit Will admired - he couldn't help but feel sheltered and cowardly in comparison. He shook himself and decided to get up. He didn't have time to spend the morning wondering about the Hades kid, fascinated by the mystery and rumors that surrounded Nico di Angelo. There were still a handful of campers in the infirmary, and Kayla stayed with them overnight. He might as well grab some food and go relieve her. He slid on his jeans and flip-flops and glanced out the cabin window - Nico was outside the Hades cabin with Jason, who suddenly hugged him as Nico cracked a grin. Will froze in surprise - he didn't think of Nico as the hugging type, especially someone who would be hugging the All American Poster Boy, Jason Grace. Will felt a tinge of jealousy that Nico was grinning and hugging Jason, when he hadn't spared Will a second glance since Octavian had … that. Maybe Nico was used to people dying suddenly, living outside of camp and going on quests and, well, the whole son-of-Hades thing, but Will needed to process something like that, talk through it, get some sort of closure … and besides that one Roman demigod, Nico was the only other one who was there with him to see Octavian's last moments. Those few minutes had been following Will - Octavian's face popping up in his mind whenever he had a some down time, Will's conflicted feelings about just letting Octavian destroy himself. With everything that happened after the explosion, the rest of the Seven and Nico charging toward Jason and Piper as they fell, Reyna calling her forces into ranks, the unorganized Greek demigods frozen as they stared at the place in the sky where Gaea had been - Will had found plenty of things to keep himself from thinking too long about the morality of what they did, or didn't do. But now, as the injured were being sent back to their cabins, the Romans settling in, and the satyrs, nymphs, and Demeter cabin smoothing the battlefield over to look like it had just a month ago, Will was starting to feel haunted by Octavian, his .. nephew, brother, cousin? He had to talk to someone about it, but couldn't bring himself to burden his siblings, and he didn't think he could quite explain it all to his friends. That just left Nico. Before he realized what he was doing, Will stepped out of the cabin and caught Nico's attention. He locked eyes and pointed to Nico and at the Apollo cabin's porch. Nico paused in his response to Jason and walked over. "So where were you?" Will demanded, his seriousness hiding his insecurity. "What do you mean?" Nico asked. "I've been stuck in the infirmary for, like, two days. You don't come by, you don't offer to help." Yeah, sure, I'm annoyed because we're short in the infirmary. Nothing to do with Nico, really. Will was an expert at bravado - if his dad taught him anything, it was that if you act confident about something, others usually go along with it. Surely, that wouldn't work with zombie-summoning-shadow-jumping-Nico, though, right? "I… what? Why would you want a son of Hades in the same room with people you're trying to heal? Why would anyone want that?" "You can't help out a friend? Maybe cut bandages? Bring me a soda or a snack? Or just a simple How's it going, Will? You don't think I could stand to see a friendly face?" "What… my face?" Nico looked confused. Had Will pushed it too far? Nico had the Seven, and maybe more friends at Camp Jupiter … maybe he was thinking of going back? He adored Hazel, anyone could tell that much. But Will had committed to this strategy, might as well milk it for all it's worth. He'd give Apollo some extra bacon after breakfast if it worked. "You're so dense. I hope you got over that nonsense about leaving Camp Half Blood." Will was really pushing it. He expected a skeleton to pop out any second, but that possibility gave him more of a spark of excitement than of fear. That wasn't a normal reaction, was it? He'd work that out later. "I-yeah. I did. I mean, I'm staying." "Good. So you may be dense, but you're not an idiot." Seriously? This is how I'm trying to befriend the guy? "How can you even talk to me like that? Don't you know I can summon zombies and skeletons and -" "Right now you couldn't summon a wishbone without melting into a puddle of darkness, I'd Angelo. I told you, no more Underworld-y stuff, doctor's orders. You owe me at least three days of rest in the infirmary. Starting now." See? Simple concern for a fellow camper, nothing to do with his sword fighting that looks more like dancing or that captivating something behind his brooding darkness. Nope. "Three days? I-I suppose that would be okay." Will couldn't believe that worked. He expected Nico to put up more of a fight, try to make an excuse or quick escape. "Good. Now-" Percy Jackson was cheering at something Annabeth had told him. Both boys turned, losing the thread of their banter, and Nico looked like he was steeling himself for something. "I'll be right back, promise on the Styx and everything," Nico said. Will waited as Nico went over to the couple, who told him about some sort of exciting news from the look on their faces. Nico responded with something that made Percy pause and Annabeth grin. Will was about to grab the last couple things from his cabin before heading to the infirmary, expecting Nico to show up when he felt like it, but right then Nico turned toward him, looking genuinely happy - something Will wasn't sure he'd seen from Nico in years. Not that he'd been paying attention. Will grinned and tried to keep a cool demeanor at the thought of spending the rest of the week trying to figure Nico out. In a completely professional and medical way, of course. Nico Nico walked into the infirmary behind Will. He expected the patients to shrink away or look at him nervously, but nobody really paid him much attention. Some of Will's siblings glanced up between wrapping bandages and handing out ambrosia to wave, and Will led him toward a back corner right next to a window. "This'll be you. I'm hoping the sun will help counter some of the shadows you've been fading into, but I might need to pull Coach Hedge in for a consult if we don't get your fading under control in the next couple days. I'm guessing you didn't really bring extra sweatpants back from Rome, huh? Or is tropical print your new -" "Not another word, Solace. I was hoping everyone was too focused on the whole Earth-waking-up-thing to notice that shirt. There wasn't really time to go shopping between Orion and the Amazons and the Redcoats." Nico glared at him but knew he didn't muster his usual level of intimidation. Will just laughed, which made Nico blush and glance away. He wasn't used to people dismissing his glares so easily. "Well it sounds like I have a lot to catch up on. But first change into these scrubs and a new shirt," Will said, as he grabbed some clothes out of a closet across from Nico's bed. "I don't think you'll want to sit around in those jeans and hoodie for the next three days. I'm going to let Kayla know she can get some sleep and I'll be right back to run through your vitals." Nico unfolded the clothes as Will slid closed the curtains sectioning off his corner. He supposed the shirt he was currently wearing smelled more like a campfire than it should, and the jeans had seen better days. Most of few clothes he had were back in Hades at his dad's place. He'd need to find more - he didn't think Will would approve of shadow travel just to go pick up a few things from his old room anytime soon. Once Nico changed he sat on the edge of the bed and took stock of what he'd be staring at for the next 72 hours. The infirmary was pretty homey for being set up like a hospital. It was in the back of the Big House, so the walls and floor had more of a living room feel. The curtains between beds weren't sterile white ether, but looked like they were made out of bedsheets campers had left behind - some were striped, others with patterns on them. One of the sides sectioning off Nico's corner had small yellow daisies. Nico supposed it was better than the Hades cabin for now. He had spent last night there with Hazel, but didn't like the thought of staying there alone just yet. It was too dark and too gloomy for everything he had just gone through. Something about the obsidian floor sent him flashes of the jar he almost died in, and the green firelight wasn't exactly comforting to wake up to after dreaming about Tartarus. He had set his skeletons at creating the cabin after the Battle of Manhattan, but left before the project was really finished. Whoever had taken it on after him sort of ran with the death and zombies theme. As nice as a cabin to himself would be, Nico wasn't looking forward to going back just yet. Will interrupted his thoughts as he came back in holding a clipboard with a lab coat on and stethoscope around his neck. Nico couldn't help but think how incongruous Will's flip-flops were with the rest of his outfit. He supposed for a 15-year-old healer, Will looked official enough. "So first, let's run down the list here. I'm trying to get better about keeping everyone's basic