A/N Yes, after a while's waiting... I finally started the sequel to Can You Turn My Black Roses Red. I had to make a lot of decisions about my characters points of view and such, but after much deliberation and several headaches, I bring you You Are the Only Exception. Special thanks to NaruVamp for giving me all the advice and encouraging me to write more stories in this fandom. ^^ Your support means the world to me! Chapter One: Disturbing News ''We were strangers, setting out a journey... never dreaming what we'd have to go through.'' -Richard Marxx and Donna Lewis Part one: Jae's Point of View The sun shone ever so brightly over the Shire, casting its warm rays of light over all the land. The golden field glimmered, the grassy green hills glittered with the wet dew, the flowing waters of the Brandywine River glowed brilliantly, revealing little pebbles and stones at the bottom of the river bed. I sat on the step just outside my house... the only one I had anymore, since I decided to stay in Middle-Earth. I had just come out here for some thinking time- something I got very rarely since I had given birth to our first child, Faramir. Suddenly, a glint of white caught my eye. No, it couldn't be. I was probably imagining it. What would he be doing all the way in the Shire when no one had seen him since the Ring was destroyed? Before I could let my mind wander further into the subject, I felt a cold hand on my shoulder and squeaked out of fear. ''Pippin! You scared me!'' I gasped, turning to see my boyfriend standing in front of me. ''I'm sorry. I just wanted to see if you were alright. You looked ill this morning, but I thought maybe you would get better.'' ''I have a headache... and I thought I just saw- never mind.'' I disregarded the incident. ''What? What did you see?'' Pippin asked, reaching out a hand to stroke the side of my face. ''I thought I saw... Gandalf.'' I frowned, meeting his eyes. ''Gandalf? No one's seen him in years... Faramir wasn't even born the last time we saw him.'' He said with wonder. ''Faramir is almost five now. My God. Five years we haven't seen him.'' I could hardly believe that it had been that long. It seemed only yesterday we were watching Aragorn being crowned as the next King of Gondor. ''Come inside, Jae. I think you need to be out of the open air.'' He took my hand sweetly and led me back into our little hole in the hillside. ''I need to see Merry again... he must get so lonely.'' I sighed. ''He will find someone, I know it.'' Pippin sat me down at the table where we would eat dinner and set his hand atop mine. ''I feel anxious. I was swept up in that whole buisness with the ring- and all I've ever wanted to do was settle down. Now, I feel like I want to be out there again- riding to Rohan, sitting by the white tree of Minas Tirith, fighting in Helm's Deep, getting lost in Moria, exploring Lothlorien together. Oh, Pip, I miss it.'' ''I miss it too. We have Faramir now. We have to look after him. If we weren't taking care of him, then I would sweep you into my arms and away we would go, to Mirkwood, to visit Legolas and Kassi... but he is our priorety now, love.'' He pressed a kiss into my hand and I blushed deeply. ''Is Faramir asleep now?'' ''For the time being. He may wake up any moment.'' ''When he does, let me know and I will take care of him. I need some sleep- you know I have hardly slept at all.'' I yawned, getting up to find our bedroom. Before I could get comfortable, there was a loud (and rather rude) knock at the door. ''G-Gandalf? What are you doing here?'' I heard Pippin shout, sounding both excited and worried. I made my way down the halls from the bedroom to see our old friend. There he was, grey cloak layered on top of his white traveling cloak, his white beard neatly trimmed that hung down his chin, then his long snowy white hair fell down his back and into his hood. He leaned on a marvelous white staff with crystal peeking out through the top. ''Jaessa. I heard from one Frodo Baggins that you two might have taken up residence here.'' The wizard grinned, bowing low to step inside. ''Merry moved out- he decided that he wanted us to have privacy. He's not that far, but we haven't been down to see him in a while, what with Faramir and all.'' ''Faramir?'' He turned his head to look at me blankly. ''Our- our son. Oh, it has been a long time! You didn't even know I had a son.'' ''Faramir would be very proud to know who you named after him, Jaessa.'' ''I didn't choose the name- Pippn did.'' ''Well, perhaps you're not as much of a fool as I thought, Peregrin.'' He glanced at my boyfriend, gazing vaugely into space. ''I'm sorry, what?'' He asked, coming out of his trance. ''Then again...''' Gandalf started. ''Faramir will be five in march.'' I told him. ''Already? My goodness, how long it has been. How I wish I came here under better circumstances... I have some rather disturbing news I am afraid I must tell you. This may come as a bit of a shock.'' Pippin waved him over to the table and we sat down to discuss this news he had brought. ''Something stirs... where it is, I cannot say. Long have the fires of Mordor and Isengard been extinguished, but something has been awakened. The orcs and Uruk-Hai are growing again- this time, much slower then the first, but the population is rising. Aragorn fell under attack from a group of them on his way into Rohan not long ago. He is deeply concerned.'' ''Another enemy?'' ''Yes, I am afraid so. That is not the worst of it. I have heard word from the Dunedain. I fear that you are in great danger.'' He warned us, looking straight at Pippin. ''Us?'' ''You, Peregrin Took. Merry as well- and Jaessa, I am afraid.'' ''What exactly have the Dunedain told you?'' ''I heard from one the other day that he came across something new in the woods the other night, just past Eregion... a new evil. My friend told me that it was a woman with hair like fire and blue eyes. She was very beautiful, but it was not clear whether she was an elf or not. This woman came towards him and began to ask him several questions. He felt a cold air pass through him as this woman spoke to him in a haunting voice. She said that she was looking for a young man, very small, with golden curls of hair and green eyes.'' ''Many hobbits match that descrption-'' I began, but was cut off by Gandalf. ''Do many hobbits wear elven made cloaks with the leaves of Lorien clasping them around the neck? Sauron may be destroyed, but his servants remember you both. It is all too easy for a hunter to track you, Pippin. I fear you three are not safe in the Shire. I do not yet know what evil this is, but this creature's senses have been extremly hightened, and she looks for you, even now.'' ''What about Frodo and Sam?'' ''Their part in the war of the ring remained undiscovered, just as we had planned. They are safe, but you three had arts in this tale that angered Sauron far more then Frodo and Sam's actions. Especially the incident with the palantir.'' ''We cannot leave Faramir, not now!'' I cried, already seeing where this was going. ''I have made arrangements. Sam and Rosie are taking Faramir until you return.'' ''But- Gandalf- what if we don't return?'' ''You will. Don't worry. I will find out as much about this evil as I can. With any luck, you will be back here within a few months.'' ''Where do we go?'' ''I am not sure. Not all is clear yet. Perhaps Rivendell, while I go and gather more information. I will send word for Kassi and Legolas in Mirkwood... that their help is needed. They will meet you at the Prancing Pony in Bree. Go find Merry. This is important- do NOT trust anyone outside of your friends. I have heard many different descriptions of this woman from several rangers and men, she is dangerous and not to be trusted. Be careful, friends. I will meet you in Rivendell.'' With that, Gandalf left our home. An eerie silence fell over us. ''I didn't want to go and meet Kassi like this.'' I sighed. ''I know, but we have to trust that Gandalf knows what he is talking about. Faramir will go to Sam and Rosie tonight, I suppose. . We will speak with Merry tomorrow morning. I am not sure whether Gandalf has told him or not yet.'' ''We can only hope he believes us. Merry is a brother to me.'' ''Cousin, actually.'' ''I- I meant- Never mind.'' I gave up... Pippin was dense when it came to expressions. Part Two: Nellyra's Point of View The Green Dragon looked as it always did on warm August mornings- cozy and inviting. I smiled as I made my way through the busy crowds. Hobbits were walking through the markets, some leading animals, others carrying fresh bunches of ripe apples. I knew I was a little late, and the drunk people inside the pub wouldn't be too happy with me for that reason. I entered the Inn as fast as I could and slowly closed the door behind me. There were already plenty of people inside, being served by lovely Rosie Cotton. ''You're late.'' She grinned, removing her dirty white apron and handing it over. I could see her slightly larger then average belly- she was carrying Sam Gamgee's first child. That was the whole reason I had been forced to get up rather early each morning- I was filling in for Rosie here and there while she was expecting. Sometimes, she would work half the day, and then I would work the other half, but other times, I would work all day. I knew I would have to work all day once she got closer to the date of her baby's birth. It had only been two months, so far, according to her. ''I'm awfully sorry, Rosie. It's just that father had me do some extra work this morning and I was delayed. I came as fast as I could!'' I explained, worriedly. ''It's no problem, dear. My goodness, I am only two months along, after all! My mother and father are making such a big fuss over me taking care of myself! As if I didn't know how to properly treat myself!'' She sighed, rolling her misty blue eyes. ''Well, I suppose it isn't good for you to overwork yourself-'' ''Overwork myself? It's only serving a few drinks, and I have friends here that would take good enough care of me!'' Rosie snorted. ''I suppose. I will see you tomorrow, miss Rosie.'' ''You too, Nelly.'' I disliked being called Nelly very much, but I knew Rosie meant it as a term of endearment. She waved goodbye and within moments was out the door, on her way home. It was my turn to sigh sadly as I got behind the counter and tied my apron around my waist tightly. ''How is it every time I come for a pint, you're here as well?'' A voice asked, rather rudely. Already knowing who it was, I looked over to see him standing at the side of the counter, folding his arms. ''I'm no happier about it then