Hello everyone! I've been messing around with this idea for a long time and I'm finally plucking up courage to post it. I'm a sucker for stories where a girl falls into Middle-Earth, and frankly, I don't think there's enough of them. I try to avoid having my characters be Mary-Sueish, that being said, this is gonna be story with a ridiculous plot (*cough* Legomance Feä-mates *cough*). I have the next chapter already written, so if I get enough of a reaction to this fic I'll post it before next Sunday. A bit more info about the story, it's a love story, more so than my other fic Thing's Worth Changing (Which you should check out if you like 'girl falls into a book plot' that one's Harry Potter). Yes, there will be lemons later on, but they have disclaimers before them if that's not your thing. I'm gonna be messing with canon, which will be taken more from movies than the books, except I will be using The Silmarillion for other things that you'll have to wait and see about *wink*. So without further ado, please enjoy this silly little story and don't forget to review letting me know what y'all think. Warning: Cheesy but fun plot line ahead that you should not take too seriously. Oh, and I don't own anything having to do with the Lord of the Rings. Also, I suck at catching grammatical and spelling mistakes, so try not to hate me for that. Chapter 1: To Be or Not to Be All her life, Lia had been searching for something. Her father had told her that she was just a bit windy. She never liked staying in one place too long, she got restless easily, and she could turn from a gentle breeze into Gale Force Winds before the pitiful subject of her anger even knew what offense they'd committed. She didn't like staying still, some part of her way perpetually moving, fiddling with whatever was within reach, bouncing her leg, or swaying on the spot as if she was listening to music only she could hear. Early school had been torture for her, and she didn't understand how other could just sit still like they did. When her body was still, her mind whirled and spun like a frantic machine, raging and wondering ceaselessly, but when she moved, her mind cleared as if her muscles could channel the energy she had into something actually productive. Her father said she was like her mother, who's also always been like that paired with a formidable temper. Lia's temper was something that, more often than not, got her into trouble. If she saw something that she didn't like, she hit first and asked questions later. This characteristic had caused three school transfers before she reached the 3rd grade, and her father could never get to the bottom of why she always felt the need to fight. Her father, however, being a logical man thought a little guiltily that it had something to do with Lia losing her mother such a young age. Lia's father thought that with only himself to raise her, perhaps it was the lack on feminine influence that caused her to have more aggression than the average girl. It was a bit odd how much she loved war movies, anything with competition or fighting, and it was almost uncanny the way she could reenact entire fight sequences from memory as she played in the back yard of their small, red-brick home. She needed to move, it was simple as that, and one day in a spark of realization, her father came up with a plan. On Lia's 8th birthday, his gift to her was Karate lessons, and she was over the moon with excitement until he'd told her the catch. She had to take Ballet as well. "But daaaad…" She whined, looking down at the white Karate robe, and the pink leotard laid out on the kitchen table in front of her. Her father held up his hand to silence her. "It's a good thing to be well balanced, and it won't kill you to develop a gentler side…" He said, nearly laughing at her scrunched up face. Lia humphed petulantly, but ultimately decided that if Ballet was the price to pay in order to learn to fight as well, she'd learn to suffer through it. After Lia started her lessons, her grades improved and she stopped getting into fights at school altogether, though her classmate still tried to give her temper a wide birth. Although Ballet felt like a chore to her most of the time, with it's soft movements and graceful music, she still found herself appreciating the way in stretched and strengthened her limbs in a different way, and she also liked that it was teaching her patience. Besides that, she was proud of it, though she wasn't fond of it…her mother had loved dancing, ballet, tap and jazz, as well as music that carried through to Lia herself, and the girl liked the idea of doing something her mother had loved. Nothing though could compare to her love of Martial Arts. Karate moved her body, and let her mind rest for once. It gave her a code that she promised herself she'd always live by, to have humility and treat others with gentleness. Later in her life, she'd often consider the irony, that learning how to fight was what taught her how to be gentle as well. It made her heart light, and made her feel like she was working towards… Something. She didn't know what the something was, whether it was a goal, or a person, or a place, but she knew that if she worked hard, she would find it, whatever it was. At least, that was how she used to feel… Lia hadn't felt much of anything in a while…not since her father had died last December. Three months after his heart attack, Lia couldn't do or be anything other than silent and still. No more Karate, no more laughing, no more anything. After the funeral, she walked into her room and laid down on her bed, and that was where she stayed. She ate only when forced, and bathed less. Her room had become her world, her prison and protection from the empty house that used to contain so much happiness. She hated leaving her room. When she was in it, she could pretend that her father was still there in the house she'd always known, down the hall in his office, reading and listening to Rhapsody in Blue for the billionth time or maybe Vivaldi, but whenever she left it, the spell broke and her imagination wasn't strong enough to deny that her father was gone. He never be back, and all she had left was memories and make-believe. It gets easier…time is a balm that lets the heart heal itself…life goes on. Those stupid cliches that everyone kept saying grated on her like steel on stone, and she clung to the hate she had for the phrases themselves and the ignorant people who said them. The hate was better than grief, so she directed it towards her well meaning family and friends, towards god or the universe that had taken her father away, and hate towards her father; that he'd left her at 21 before he could teach her how to do her taxes, or change her cars oil, or see her graduate with her bachelors in Criminal Justice. Although she knew it wouldn't help her, Lia had developed a habit of counting all the things that she'd lost when her father had died, all the things she could never have ticked in her head like a morbid metronome, every single day. Lying in her bedroom staring up at the high ceiling, she checked off the experiences that had been stolen from her. The Southern California heat was just beginning to make itself known outside as February came to a close. "First spring…" She said to herself… Without him, she finished in her head not daring to say it aloud. The invasive sound of the doorbell jarred her to sit up in bed. Lia sighed, threw the covers off of herself and walked through the house, not bothering to change out of the blue pajamas she'd been wearing for five days straight, or even checking her lank, greasy hair or gaunt face in the mirror. She suspected it must be some relative come to check and make sure she was still alive…whatever that meant. She hadn't been answering her phone at all and couldn't remember the last time she left her house, so it was probably right that she was due a visit. As she walked limply down the hall to the front door, she briefly considered telling whoever it was to fuck off with their concern. She didn't want or need it, but her father would never have wanted her to act that way, he'd raised her to be kinder than that, so with a bitter sigh, she unbolted the front door and swung it open. "Hello, Miss Green? Miss Ophelia Green?" Lia stared down at the small woman in the doorway with confusion. She looked very old, maybe in her mid-eighties. Her voice was strong if a bit raspy, but her frame looked frail beneath the pink Sunday morning church dress she wore. "Yes…" Lia answered hesitantly, not recognizing this woman at all. "Oh, good. Thought I was in the wrong area. All the houses look the same around here, don't they?" The woman said with a pleasant smile. "May I come in?" She asked. Lia blinked several times, wondering what the hell this woman wanted. "I'm sorry…who are you?" Lia asked a little impatiently. "Mrs. Weber…I was an old friend of your mothers." The woman answered, extending her wrinkled hand with a friendly smile. Lia felt a spark of recognition at that, and slowly took the old woman's papery hand and shook it briefly as she nodded. "Mrs. Weber? The woman my mom lived with before she met my dad?" Lia asked. She vaguely remembered her father mentioning that name before, though only ever in passing. Mrs. Weber smiled brightly, and bowed her head. "The very same." She confirmed, letting go of Lia's cold hand. Lia gave a close lipped, fake smile. With the mystery solved, Lia felt herself wilt again and had the strong urge to slam the door and crawl back into her bed. Still, though, that wouldn't be right. If Lia remembered correctly, the woman had been living in Arizona, that was a six hour drive one way, and the least Lia could do was be hospitable. The girl sighed tiredly, and stepped aside to grant the woman entrance into the dim house. "Come in…I apologize for the mess. Can I get you something to drink? I've got water and iced tea I think." Lia said, closing the door and leading the woman the house to the sunlit kitchen. "Thank you, Ophelia…Iced tea would be lovely." The woman said, after Lia gestured for her to have a seat at the kitchen table. Lia looked at the woman sharply. "Please don't call me that, I go by Lia…" The girl replied grumpily. Mrs. Weber raised an eyebrow at her. "It's quite a pretty name, Shakespearian isn't it?" The old woman replied. Lia felt her nose twitch in irritation. "Yep, named after the crazy girl that drowned herself because she couldn't get Hamlet to make a decision…What a fantastic namesake." She mumbled sarcastically as she poured some sweet tea into a tall glass of ice. "I think, perhaps, that Ophelia just felt things a little more profoundly than most…not a bad thing you know." Mrs. Weber said softly. Lia placed the glass of tea in from of the old woman, and sat down in the chair next to her, the girl looking tired and blank faced. Hearing Mrs. Weber