Chapter One: Those Who Lived Hermione gazed out the window of the Hogwarts Express, she was feeling a tad melancholy. She was back for her last year at Hogwarts, and her two best friends had opted not to join her. Harry and Ron decided they couldn't go back to Hogwarts and see it so changed. They chose, instead, to become full time Aurors. Over the summer, along with Hermione, they had helped with gathering the last of Voldemort's supporters. All three of them, plus the DA members, had been to trial after trial as witnesses. They were rewarded for their participation in the war and it's after effects through honorary Aurorship. The two boys had decided to pursue the honor, while Hermione craved stability and a better education. Hermione let her eyes wander over her seatmates as she remembered the summer. Luna, Neville, and Ginny were cheerfully talking about the school year. Hermione silently observed how changed the three were. Luna still spoke airily and discussed nargles with authority, but there was a ferocity that had appeared after the war. She was currently gripping the Quibbler with white knuckles, as though it was the only thing keeping her tied to this world. Even though her face still had a dreamy quality to it, Hermione knew hot steel was under the surface. Hermione wondered if Luna wasn't being straightforward about how the time in the Malfoy dungeon had affected her. Every once in a while a slight frown would darken Luna's clear features and she would need to be brought back to the present. Neville's ever increasing confidence showed in his face. He now looked every bit the young man he was meant to be; there was an emerging charm and pleasantness in his face that made him handsome. Hermione did see that though his smiles came easily his eyes held deep sadness. Deep down he was still the sweet boy Hermione remembered from their first train ride, and he was also still the hugest herbology nerd. Aside from that, there was a hardness that never used to occupy Neville, and Hermione didn't know how to process this observation. Looking lastly at Ginny, Hermione tried to keep sadness from showing. Ginny who had always been strong and capable, and was still so, had diminished. She used to shine as brightly as any star. Now her boisterous and haphazard nature had been temporarily tamed. The Headgirl badge glinted off of Ginny's robes and Hermione was glad it was not her with the honor. Hermione was still passionate about being the best and proving her worth, but she was so tired. Hermione looked back out the window. All her friends, and herself included, were sharper and less bright. The whole wizarding nation was marked by darkness from the war. Hermione wondered if this is what those who encountered WW2 felt like. She heard the compartment door slide open and icy silence followed. She looked at the opening and gasped. Draco Malfoy was standing in their door regarding them all with a blank face. Neville hopped to his feet and stood in front of the women with his wand drawn. "What are you doing here Malfoy? We don't want your despicable kind around." Neville flicked his wand and Malfoy dropped to his knees. Malfoy winced and looked up at the group in pain. He said nothing to Neville and merely stared at the group. "Neville," admonished Hermione. She got to her feet and put her hand on Neville's arm. "We can't start a fight on our last ride to Hogwarts." Ginny spoke up, "Why not Hermione? This sniveling ferret deserves to be cursed to hell for all he's done." "He was cleared of all charges. He's a product of darkness not an instigator of it." Came the dreamy voice of Luna. "We should pity him as Harry does." "Yes, thank you Luna." Hermione let out in a shaky voice. Draco did not look as if he appreciated Luna's comments. Hermione did not want to talk to Draco or ever see him again, but she knew she would have to deal with him one day. She was uncertain of how to feel about it. After the war had ended his father was sent to Azkaban and his mother had started a relief fund in the name of change. Draco had kept out of the spot light, except for his trial. Last Hermione had heard the Malfoys were trying to change the world's perspective of them. Mrs. Malfoy had been running around the wizarding world sticking her nose in every cause she could, trying to regain a sense of her old self. Hermione didn't know if it was a true change of heart or they were trying to survive in a new wizarding world. Mrs. Malfoy had even legally separated from Mr. Malfoy, which was for public record. Neville let out a grunt and put his wand in a pocket, but he did not sit down. "What do you want Malfoy?" He crossed his arms. "Just because Harry testified for you and your mother at your trial does not mean we all feel the same way." Hermione bit her lip, feeling conflicted. As much as she hated Malfoy, she didn't want his life ruined for being a stupid prat. He was child, they were all children. He didn't choose how to be raised. He could only choose how to move forward. Malfoy's face turned white and stared at the ground in anger. As he began speaking his hands tightened into even whiter fists and rested on his still seated thighs. "Mother has informed me that the war and its after effects have changed the family's stance on blood." He took a deep breath. "Considering father is now in Azkaban and much of our fortune has been restricted by the ministry, I have to start living my life in accordance with those who have won. To start the process of "rehabilitating" me as she called it I have to speak to those I have wronged, in hopes of having a normal life. As you all know, she and father have separated. Supposedly, that marked our first step in the right direction." Hermione interrupted him. "What, now that you know your evil kind won't be taking over the wizarding world your aligning yourself with those who have won?" Her face expressed disbelief. "Do you seriously believe after one summer you can walk up to us and expect forgiveness and acceptance?" Draco's face snapped up and he looked Hermione in the eyes. "Will you let me finish, you filthy mudblood?" The anger and hate dripped in his voice. Hermione went white while the other three turned their wands on Draco. Hermione's arm throbbed where the slur had been carved into her. "If you don't want to hexed right here, you need to talk to all wizards and muggles with the respect you would a pure blood." Ground out Ginny. "You need to apologize to Hermione sincerely and leave us alone." Draco let out a sigh. "I did not come here expecting forgiveness. I know that I do not deserve it." He paused. "There is quite a difference between hating those of lesser blood and acting upon that hate. After experiencing what we have during the war Mother and I have come to agreement on how those without pureblood should be treated. It is with respect." He looked up at the others, "It is not that I call Granger a mudblood because of her blood. She challenges my views of blood purity, so whenever I encounter her I experience cognitive dissonance. This makes me extremely angry. I have been informed by the… uh PsyWitch I've been seeing that I was not taught to deal with my anger and other emotions properly." Draco ran his right hand through his hair. Luna voiced a lilting opinion, "Well, with a father like Lucius who would have expected Draco to turn out well." He grimaced and couldn't even manage anger. "Which is why she thinks I was such a bully growing up." He mumbled and looked up. "I am not here to talk about my mental health or discuss my father's parenting skills. I am here to tell you I'm working on being a better human being, because it is in my best interest. I am going from compartment to compartment expressing my apologies to all I have wronged. This is my last compartment to address, and my most important." He glanced at Hermione as he said this. "I can live with everyone never forgiving me, but I can't live with them not knowing how much I regret the awful things I've done. No one ever deserved my behavior. I am sorry to all of you for how my actions and words have pained you. I apologize for my family being who they are. I can make all the excuses in the world about how we were just trying to save our own necks. How we are Slytherins at heart and do not have the Gryffindor bravery, but those excuses are not good enough. The Malfoys are cowards. I am a coward and a bigot." The compartment got uncomfortable at this admission. He stopped talking and looked at Hermione. "Granger, you are the number one person I need to apologize to. The things I've said to you have surpassed even what I've said to Longbottom. I can't even promise I will stop being a prat, it's so ingrained in me." He gave her the most sorrowful eyes she'd ever seen and he gestured to her arm. "I couldn't even prevent you from being tortured. I am a lousy gentleman and an even worse wizard. I may have disliked you all but I never wished real harm upon any of you. It was all talk. I didn't understand until I joined the bloody war what it actually meant to hurt others." At the mention of her arm Hermione covered her scarred forearm and looked away from Malfoy. "I never had the stomach for what I did. I had to turn off all of the good parts of me to do merely survive. I'm trying to get back the good parts of me I've lost and in order to do that I need to be better. I need to stop hating. If there's anything I could ever do to convince you, please tell me. I'm going to make mistakes and I'm going to lash out, but please know I'm trying. I'm trying very hard." He reached out his hand toward Hermione as an offering of peace, a hope for a new future. "Granger, do you believe me?" Shock filled the air. Neville's face hardened. "Go become a better human away from us. You are to stay away from Hermione. You will not speak to her, look at her, and if I ever hear that you have touched her…" Neville got in Draco's face. "I will bloody end you the way I ended Nagini." Draco's face filled with seething rage and he was about to respond when Hermione stood and pushed Neville aside. Neville's tirade reminded Hermione too much of Ron. "Neville, thank you for your testosterone filled care, but I can protect myself. I've proven it time and again." She peered down at Draco. "Malfoy stand up. I can't handling the begging and sniveling, even if it is what you should be doing." As he stood she closed her eyes and rubbed the bridge of her nose. "Malfoy, I don't know how much of this an act and how much of this is true. For too long you've been a bully and coward. I don't care if you are seeing a psychologist or whatever wizards have. A summer is not enough to change a person. You may be starting to change, but we shall see if it sticks." She stared up at the tall boy. "If you want to show the world you've changed, you need