Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings isn't mine. I really don't think it can get more plain and concise than that. Rating/Warnings: Teen. Rated Teen for violence, and mild peril. Time frame: Second Age, 1697, less than a month since Imladris was founded. A/N: Hmm...well, that happened. I'm not entirely sure what I think about this piece. I either really like it, or really don't like it. Haven't quite made up my mind yet. Seeing as this was written (for the most part) after midnight (on two different days), I'm a little worried that it doesn't really flow as well as what I would normally write. Anyway, I really shouldn't be complaining or whining or any somesuch :P But please, I would love it if you would leave a few words in response, telling me what you thought. I can only improve on it if anyone tells me what's wrong with it. Most importantly, though, I hope that you enjoy reading this :) Dedication: For Crookneck , who is a very awesome person, and who I thought needed something in her inbox to cheer her up. I just hope it succeeds! :) The Guardian Elrond sighed and let his quill fall to the desktop, not even caring as a blob of ink splattered across the parchment. He gently massaged his temples, leaning forward and bracing his elbows on the wood surface of his desk as he did so, his eyes closing. Nary a sound escaped the elf lord's lips, and outwardly he appeared both calm and at ease. Yet within his mind, that was as far from the truth as night is from day. How? How could he ever hope to cope? It was all just so overwhelming, all of these seemingly menial tasks. Elrond's eyes opened slightly and he allowed himself to glare at the ledgers stacked neatly on the edge of the desk, as well as the four dozen or so pieces of paper still sitting neatly atop the stack of 'unread'. It should not be this hard , Elrond berated himself, ordering his hand to move, to pick up the quill, whose tip was hardening with drying ink. If he did nothing soon, the quill would be next to useless, at least until he found the time to properly trim it. Elrond snorted at the thought. And since when have I had time to simply sit about and trim my quills? he asked himself. He could not quite overlook the bitterness he sensed in the thought. "Just finish already," Elrond told himself sternly, attempting to goad himself into action. He hesitantly reached for his discarded quill, gingerly picking it up with the tips of his fingers. A growl tore from his throat and Elrond stood abruptly, flinging the quill back down onto his desk. "You can go rot in Angband for all I care," Elrond snarled at the innocently bystanding paper, and then stalked out of his quarters-turned-study. Imladris, as it had come to be called, was yet a new settlement; in fact, it was hardly more than a collection of roughly and swiftly built buildings meant to shelter the refugees until the walls and roof of the larger and much more permanent Main House had been built. Even so, Elrond found himself being inundated by seemingly pointless and inconsequential paperwork – troop placements, resource distribution, work details, and supply lists – and that was only just the beginning! Why? Elrond asked himself, why do I do this? Why do I try to do this , he amended bitterly. Elrond quickly exited the low-ceilinged barracks, pausing a moment as he stepped through the doorway to enjoy the feel of the sun on his face. Slowly his headache began to ease, receding into its normal dull throb. He had spent far too long cooped up, he decided – that was why he was being so irritable. At least, he hoped that the answer was as simple as that. Elrond began walking. He had no particular destination in mind; he simply wanted to be moving. So move he did, his feet carrying him away from the raw-looking timber walls of the barracks and the mess hall, stepping lightly over the churned mud and nimbly avoiding the pools of stagnant water trapped in the furrows. No grass will grow within the walls of Imladris for at least a year , Elrond thought sadly. It had all been beaten and trampled to death. Rows of tents sprawled out beyond the small clustering of buildings, tents that housed the many refugees who did not, as of yet, have a space built for them. It was hoped that the final two barracks would be finished by first snowfall, before the nights became achingly cold – cold enough to affect even the elves. Elrond found himself wandering down toward the tents, and within a moment he was among them, the smell of smoke from the open fires thickening as it was trapped between the cloth walls. For just an instant, Elrond could not breathe, his throat constricting at the acrid taste in his throat and nose. But then the feeling was gone, and his eyes ceased to sting. The inner camp was mostly silent, as most of the inhabitants were away working. And here you are wandering around like an old fool, Elrond thought scathingly. He huffed, but then put the thought forcefully from his mind. He needed air, he told himself, needed to relax. A small shape suddenly appeared around the edge of one of the tents, little legs flying. Not looking where they were going, the elfling nearly ran directly into Elrond. Acting quickly on instinct, Elrond reached down and scooped the little one up into his arms, arresting her flight and ensuring that she didn't trip over him. The elfling gave a small squeak of surprise and fear, and whipped her head around to look at Elrond. "Easy there little one, what are you running from?" Elrond asked, settling the little girl against his hip. The little girl squirmed, frantically trying to break free of Elrond's hold. Elrond automatically held her a little tighter, not wanting her to wriggle her way free and fall to the ground, an endeavor which would more likely than not leave her injured. "Easy little one," Elrond soothed, "You are safe with me." He did not know precisely why he did not simply put her down and allow her to run on her way. Under any other circumstance, he most assuredly would have, not being in the habit of detaining young children if they wished not to be. Yet something stayed Elrond's actions, kept him holding the girl. Perhaps it was the strange echo of fear in her wide grey eyes, or perhaps it was the feel of her quivering in his arms. Whatever the reason, though, Elrond did not let go. "Hush little one," Elrond murmured, imparting just a little of his own warmth and strength in the hopes that it would calm her somewhat. "You are safe with me," Elrond repeated. Slowly the girl's trembling ceased, although her eyes remained wide and fearful. "Would you like to tell me your name?" Elrond asked gently. Although he knew almost all of the elves among the refugees, he could not for the life of him recall to mind this elf-child. Slowly at first, then with increased vigor, the girl shook her head, then stilled once more, her piercing gray gaze settling once more firmly upon Elrond. "All right," Elrond acquiesced, "then how about I tell you mine. I'm Elrond," he said, smiling softly at her. The girl regarded Elrond for a long moment, and then seemed to come to some sort of conclusion. Without a sound, the little girl leaned against Elrond, wrapping her arms around his neck and melting against his shoulder. Surprised by this sudden and unexpected move, Elrond instinctively shifted his hold on her, wrapping one arm around her back the more securely to hold her against his chest. "'Tis nice to meet you as well," Elrond murmured. And then he realized that she had fallen fast asleep, her mouth open slightly, and her eyes glazed over. "My, little one, you were exhausted," Elrond mused, although quietly so as not to awaken his companion. "But now what am I to do with you?" he asked rhetorically. "Surely you have someplace that you belong?" The sound of pattering footsteps reached Elrond's ears, and he looked up as another figure dashed around the same tent corner. This time, however, the newcomer saw Elrond in time, and slid to a halt. "Oh!" the young boy exclaimed, catching sight of the girl slumbering on Elrond's shoulder. Then he seemed to realize just who it was holding the child, for he jumped a little, then bowed. "My lord," he murmured respectfully. "No need for that," Elrond told the lad, and the boy straightened, albeit slowly. "What is your name?" he asked. "Aduluth," the boy replied, and then glanced once more at the girl in Elrond's arms. He fidgeted slightly. "Do you know her?" Elrond asked Aduluth, indicating the girl. The boy nodded. "My mother and father took her in after both of her parents were slain," Aduluth mumbled. "I was supposed to be watching her, but she ran away," the lad confessed. "She's always running away," he added sourly. "Well, could you bring me to your tent perchance?" Elrond asked, shifting the slumbering girl slightly. She was dead weight, and was beginning to get a bit heavy. "Of course," Aduluth replied, and seemed to brighten a little. "This way." He led Elrond through the camp, twisting between tents and fires with ease. Before too long, he was halting, and drawing open a tent flap. "Naneth, I found Cuilnoth," Aduluth announced, disappearing into the tent. Elrond followed, still carrying the girl. The inside of the tent was rather small, although surprisingly cozy. A cot stood in one corner, and two bundles of blankets in another. A comfortable carpet separated the floor of the tent from the cold, muddy earth below, and crates were pushed against the walls to form stands and tables. A lantern burned brightly on one such box, lighting the room with a warm yellow glow. "My lord Elrond," a woman exclaimed as Elrond entered, and she stood quickly. "What brings you…" she trailed off, catching sight of the child that Elrond carried. "My lady," Elrond acknowledged, smiling and bowing his head formally. Although the people seemed to have claimed him as the lord of the settlement, he was still in her home. "I am sorry to intrude," Elrond said, "But I believe I found someone who belongs with you." He stepped a little farther into the tent, the lantern light basking him with its soft glow. "Cuilnoth," the lady gasped, and hurried forward, worry filling her face when she saw that the child was not moving. "She is merely sleeping," Elrond reassured her. The lady halted for an instant, then began to approach again, although much more slowly and softly. When she finally caught sight of Cuilnoth's face, however, a gentle smile alit in her eyes and graced her lips. "She has not slept peacefully since…in many months," the lady murmured, altering what she had been about to say halfway through, and reached out to brush a stray lock of raven hair off of the child's cheek. The child did not even stir. "Is there some place I can lay her down?" Elrond asked. "I think she would sleep more soundly." "Of course," the lady exclaimed, and turned to lead Elrond toward the blankets in the corner. When he knelt, Elrond discovered that there was a soft mattress, as well as a small pillow hidden beneath the blankets. As carefully as he could, Elrond lowered the girl down to the bed, snuggling her among the nest of blankets, and gently placed her head on the pillow. "Sleep well, little one," Elrond whispered softly, his hand lingering on