~To Sing a Song of Love~ Don't fret precious I'm here, step away from the window Go back to sleep Safe from pain and truth and choice and other poison devils, See, they don't give a **** about you, like I do. Count the bodies like sheep Count the bodies like sheep Counting bodies like sheep To the rhythm of the war drums. ~Counting the Bodies Like Sheep – A Perfect Circle Thud. The repeated sound of a body being flung against a thick wooden door echoed hollowly through the twisting, underground tunnels. Otherwise there was silence, nothing but still, heavy air filling the shadows of the earthen passages and coiling around the tangled roots that jutted from the ceiling and walls and floor. Thud. The door shook with the force of the body slamming against it, the thick timbers trembling and the bolt and hinges alike rattling in their fastenings. A single torch illuminated the grainy wood, and the flickering flame cast a myriad of dancing, contorting shadows on the edge of the small puddle of reddish gold light. The stones that had been mixed into the dirt of the wall on either side of the door, the better to keep whatever was inside within, protruded outward. The darkness was thickest beneath the stones where the light could not reach. Thud. A stifled cry of pain. The inside of the cell – for what else could lay behind the shackled and bolted door? – was lit with a single torch, much like the passageway. It was a square room that had been hollowed out from the earth itself, and the signs of shovels and pick-axes were still just barely visible in the corners of the ceiling and on the walls. Seven paces long, seven paces wide, with nothing else but a metal bracket that held the torch affixed to one of the rocks set into the front wall, just to the left of the door. Thud. The door rattled, and the wood trembled, but still it would not give. A fist connected with the timber. Thud. And then the prisoner sank slowly to the ground, head in hands, and silent tears coursing down his cheeks. The rattle of the bolt being released finally shook Elrond out of the half-conscious torpor he had slipped into. He leapt to his feet and quickly moved away from the door, standing calmly and coldly a few paces from the wall, waiting. Something heavy and bulky was dragged to the door and then flung bodily inside. Elrond reacted instantly, paternal instinct telling him what it was even before his mind could process what he was seeing. Elrond caught the person just before he struck his head on the ground, and Elrond gently lay him down and crouched beside him. Movement in the doorway caused Elrond to look up, and his face hardened into a mask of cold fury faster than the eye could track. The man standing in the doorway did not give him a chance to speak, however, meeting Elrond's steel silver eyes squarely. "You have one hour to give us what we want, or we will do even worse to your other son." With that the man turned away, breaking eye contact, and strode out of sight down the passageway. The door swung shut behind him as one of his men tugged on the thick planks. The bolt grated as it was fixed back into place. Elrond looked down at the young Elf lying at his feet. He was unconscious, his head lolling listlessly to one side, eyes closed and mouth open ever so slightly. A thin rivulet of blood was trickling down his chin from a split lip, and an angry purple bruise was already beginning to form on his left cheekbone. Elrond bit back a strangled sob, and then carefully gathered the injured Elf into his arms, ignoring the pain in his left arm and in his hands. He cradled the lolling head against his chest as he lay back, shoulders against the wall behind him. Elrond began to hum softly, an old, wordless lullaby that had been sung to him in the mountains all those many years ago. Warmth and strength seemed to accompany the notes, and the thick and suffocated air was momentarily filled with light and life. The Elf stirred. "Elladan," Elrond murmured, the tune faltering and then dying. But it had been enough. Elladan's eyes fluttered open, and he bit back a groan as he tried to move. Elrond's arms tightened about his son, holding him still and imparting strength and comfort alike. "Hush, my son," Elrond crooned softly. "You are safe now; I have you." "Ada?" "Yes, my son, I am here," Elrond said. "Ada, what happened? Where are we? Where is Elrohir?" Elladan sounded panicked, and once more he struggled to break free of his father's hold. He fell back with a moan an instant later, and he shook as pain assaulted his senses. "Ada?" Elrond felt his heart breaking at the sound of his son's pained and timid voice, at the way his voice cracked as he all but whispered the last word, the word that had once meant safety and love and security. He felt his heart break, and he struggled to hold back the tears that threatened to fall once more. "Hush, my son," Elrond whispered, and then kissed the top of Elladan's head. "Hush, and save your strength." Elladan fell silent, content for the moment to simply lay in his father's protective embrace. There was no place that he felt safer, and despite the pain coursing through his body, the niggling fear he felt rooting in his heart, and the confusion that plagued him at the blankness that he knew was the last few hours, he knew that he could not be more protected than he was in that moment. Slowly he drifted toward sleep, lulled there by the steady feel of his father's chest rising and falling beneath him. At some point his father began to sing once more, a simple, gentle melody that Elladan could remember being sung to him and Elrohir when they were but small children. The heavy tramp of boots in the passage outside and then the rasp of the bolt being shot back silenced Elrond, and Elladan stiffened in his arms once more. And then the door was swinging open, the wooden bottom scraping against the earth. "Your hour is up." It was the man from before, and he was standing directly in the doorway, his bulk casting fantastic shadows on the walls. "Make your decision, Elf lord – the information, or your son's well-being. And this time we won't be so gentle," he added with a sneer. Elladan froze and his breathing quickened, eyes latched onto the face of his former tormenter. And then he began to shake as memory crashed over him, stealing his breath and making him want to cry out, to scream, to leap at the hideous beast standing before him, to do something but lie still and wait for the pain to come again. And then the memories of before his time in the long, low room came back, and he understood. Elrond carefully moved out from beneath Elladan, and then lay him down on the floor. He stood, stretching to his full height, and then took a step toward the man in the doorway. The sound of men shifting filled the room, and then the torchlight gleamed off of spear-tips that were pointed directly toward the Elf lord's chest. Elrond halted his advance, although his cold eyes never once left the man's face. "Ada, no," Elladan gasped, sitting upright and propping himself up against the wall, clutching his stomach and his chest. "You cannot…" "Silence, Elladan," Elrond ordered, and there was a bitter bite to his voice that Elladan had never heard before. He fell silent, and could only watch what would happen with sick fear. "So you have made your decision?" the man asked, and there was a sickened, gleeful grin spreading across his face. "Yes." The man's grin widened until he looked like a jackal preparing to pounce. It disappeared an instant later as Elrond spoke again, however. "I cannot give you what it is you ask me for," he said quietly, although his voice filled the small space. "Ask for anything else, and if it is within my power, it is yours, I swear it. But this I cannot give." "Then you damn your own son," the man hissed, his face contorting into a hideous mask of twisted rage. "Both of them. Think on that. I will return in an hour. In the meantime, listen to your son's screams." The door grated closed, the spears still aimed at chest level to ensure the Elf lord did not attempt to escape as he had the first time. And then came the sound of the bolt locking back into place once again, followed by the tramp of heavy boots receding down the passage. Elrond turned slowly, and then crossed to Elladan's side. He knelt, although he did not reach out to touch the other, balling his clenched fists in his hands instead. He would not meet his son's eyes. "I am sorry, Elladan," he whispered. "I am so sorry." And then he turned away. "Ada," Elladan said softly, and reached out for his father with a shaking hand. His fingers only just brushed Elrond's sleeve, but Elrond felt it. He looked up slowly, and his eyes met Elladan's. "Ada, we did not blame you. We still do not. If…if they are asking you for what I think they are, then we are willing to die to keep its secret. Many have before, and if you are its guardian, then we will gladly die for you. And…you are our father. We…we would do anything for you to keep you safe." "Elladan…" Elrond closed the distance between them, and then folded his son in his arms once more, although he was careful not to put too much pressure on his chest. He had seen the way Elladan had been holding himself carefully, how he had been panting at the end of his speech. "My son…" "I love you Ada," Elladan whispered into his father's chest. "We both do." "I love you as well," Elrond responded. "And that is why…" he trailed off, unable to continue for a long moment. "That is why I cannot allow you to suffer for my sake. I am your father – it is my duty to protect you, to keep you safe." "You do," Elladan replied, "and you always have. But perhaps now it is time for us to do the same for you." Elrond shook his head, but made no reply. Instead, he simply held his son close as the seconds dragged into minutes. And Elladan curled up against his father, leaning against his chest and allowing his father to support him and take away some of his pain. The first scream came unexpectedly, tearing through the air and shredding the silence like a bullwhip through flesh. It died away barely two seconds after it began, but even so the voice was unmistakable, and both of the Elves in the cell knew in an instant whose it was. Elladan struggled to rise, his eyes snapping wide open and his entire body trembling with rage and fear and his brother's agony. But something held him down and kept him still. And then there was a voice, a voice murmuring as it pled with him. And he knew that voice, and loved that voice, and trusted that voice. And that voice did not disappear, even when a second scream rent the air, and slowly the voice took on words. "Elladan…Elladan listen to me. There is naught that you can do for him right now. You will only injure yourself further, and then how will you aid him later? Elladan, listen to me. Please, my son."