Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings, Elrond, Celebrian, Rivendell, and Orcs are not at all mine. They belong to the Tolkien estate, and I make absolutely no bid for ownership. Please, don't sue me. I'm just having some fun - I'll return them all (for the most part) unscathed, promise! Warnings: Violence, some graphic images. Nudity. No smut. Time frame: 1405 of the Third Age, approximately a year and a half into the second siege of Imladris. A/N: This was honestly rather unexpected. It's a piece I've been wanting to write for months (ever since I was forced to stand out in what was practically a gale for marching band), but I hadn't intended to actually write it for a while yet. I wanted to get through school (which is done now), my SAT (done), ACT (Saturday), and VBS (all this week), then update everything, and only then start working on oneshots again. But, well...obviously that plan got a wrench chucked at it. I would love to hear what you think of the story - what you liked, what you didn't like, what you think I can do better. I'm always looking to improve, and the best way to do that is to hear what you think I could do better! Of course, praise never hurts either (*grins*). Most importantly, though, I hope you all enjoy the story! Dedication: For Allonsy . A very happy birthday to you (even if it is a bit late)! ~Count the Cost~ Elrond limped down the long hallway that separated his and Celebrían's chambers from the door into his family's suite. The only sound that penetrated the chilled, brittle air was the faint clink of his armor, and behind that, the dull roar of the storm as it pounded the Valley – the howl of the wind as it parted about the eaves of the House, the drumming of the freezing rain as it lashed the windows. A bandage was wrapped tightly about Elrond's right calf, the once-white linen stained with crimson and splattered with long streaks of mud. His armor was in little better condition. Blood, both crimson and foul black, was splattered across his breastplate, and there was mud drying onto his boots all of the way up to his face, where there was a smear his cheek and small splatters on his chin. The left side of his chest plate had been bashed inward, two of the metal ribs bending awkwardly around each other, and there were seven small holes punched through the thick armor. He kept his left arm cradled against his side, his jaw set in a stiff line as he tried to ignore the feel of broken bone grating as his ribs shifted. A shallow gash marred Elrond's right cheek, his lower lip was split and his chin bruised, and the small holes torn through the long, thick sleeves of his heavy winter tunic revealed a myriad of small abrasions and livid bruises. He carried his cloak over one arm and his sword in the other hand, both of which were so heavily soiled and stained that the original color was nearly indistinguishable. Elrond's exhaustion was evident, both in the limping roll of his gait, and in the slump of his shoulders. He had not slept in two days, and there was a haggard look on his face and in his eyes that bespoke of a weariness far deeper beyond that of mere physical. He felt utterly drained, mentally and emotionally. He was heartsick, the images of his men dying – an arrow through an eye; throat a single gaping, gushing wound; a spear wrenching its way out of a back, the barbed tip dripping crimson – seared into his mind. He felt weary down to the bone, and for a just a moment, he considered simply dropping his things and dropping down to and curling up on the floor where he stood. He was also drenched, and very cold. Water dripped from Elrond's hair – which was plastered to his forehead and neck – and down his face, washing away the blood that still oozed lethargically from the cut on his cheek. Tiny droplets of ice continued to cling to the long strands of his hair and to the edges of his armor, although they were melting slowly. He seemed to not even notice, the water running down his face, however, except for when he blinked or gave a slight shake of his head when the water would drip into his eyes. His lips were tinted with blue and his fingers, while having been protected by thick gloves, were painfully white. Elrond fumbled with the latch on the door that stood between the hall and his and Celebrían's rooms, his numbed fingers coupled with his full arms making it nigh impossible to manage the normally very simple mechanism. After an agonizing moment of failed attempts, he finally managed to press the lever down at the proper angle and, shifting his weight onto his uninjured left foot, Elrond nudged the door open with his right toe. He ignored the burning pain of the wound in his calf, and hobbled through the door, pushing it closed with his shoulder as he passed into the small sitting room. Elrond unceremoniously dumped his cloak and his sword onto the small table that stood just inside the doorway. He would have to care for them both properly in the morning, but he found that he could not even care that he was getting the table covered in mud, blood, and freezing water. He was simply too exhausted to be concerned at the moment. His gloves and his sword belt followed a moment after, his belt pouch thunking heavily as it landed on the wooden surface. For a long moment, Elrond did not move. He leaned against the table, his breathing labored, and his body tingling as it began to lose some of the numbness that had been a product spending four days out in below freezing temperatures. Elrond thought of Celebrían. She had not met the returning patrol as was her wont, if she was able. Elrond supposed that she was sleeping, for it was already well after midnight – indeed, he refused to think of what the reason may be that could have kept her from meeting him if she was not sleeping. If that was the case, however, Elrond was loath to awaken her. This last year and a half had been trying for all, and whatever chance one had to sleep was a blessing. All the same… She will be fretful, a treacherous voice whispered in Elrond's mind. I was supposed to have returned by midafternoon at the latest – she will be worried. Elrond sighed, before pushing himself away from the table. Awakening to find me covered in blood will do little to ease her worry, a second voice countered. Quite the opposite, in fact. It would be far better to let her sleep – so long as she is indeed sleeping. "I know," Elrond muttered quietly, effectively silencing his thoughts on the matter. He already knew what he was going to do, despite whatever he may have wished on the contrary. As quietly as he could, Elrond opened the door to his and Celebrían's bedroom, and nudged it just wide enough that he could peer inside. A faint smile tugged at his lips at the sight of Celebrían lying snuggled beneath the blankets piled on their bed, a book lying face-down on the pillow beside her, and a low burning lamp shedding a faint light throughout the room. For an instant the desire to go to his wife was nearly overwhelming, but then Elrond turned away. Limping slowly, Elrond made his way down the hall to the bathing room. He opened the door carefully, his tingling fingers and hands feeling as if he was pressing down on needles every time he touched something hard, and then nudged the door open with his shoulder. A waft of warm air rushed out into the hall, enveloping him and warming his chilled nose and cheeks. He shivered as the air cooled an instant later, and then gratefully stepping into the bathing room. The bathing chamber was sectioned off into two partitions. The front half of the room housed a number of cabinets built into the left-hand wall, while to the right stood a low long, low table, the top scattered with an assortment of brushes, combs, and the like, and above which hung a mirror. A bench stood against the screen that served as the partition, and a chest and a small, clear table was pushed up against the nearest wall, to the right of the door. A wash basin stood on a stand just inside the door. Elrond crossed the room, thankful that someone had thought to leave the candles lit – most likely Celebrían – so that he would not have to trust his lethargic instincts to guide him across the floor in the dark, and neither would he have to attempt to light them himself. Carefully, he folded back the screen that served as the partition between the two halves of the room. The bath itself filled the back portion of the room. Three smooth steps cut into the stone led down into the water, which flowed gently in from one grate set into the left wall and out of a similar grate on the right wall. Steam clung to the top of the water, forming a faint haze in the air. Soaps and scrubbing sand sat on a small shelf built into the far wall, just to the side of the low bench hollowed out just beneath the water's surface. The water came from a naturally heated spring deep beneath the Valley's floor. Indeed, that very spring was one of the main reasons that Elrond had chosen to found his refuge in this particular valley, for most of the House's water, running or otherwise, stemmed from that spring. The next few moments would forever remain a blur in Elrond's memory. He could recall the burn of his fingers as he unbuckled his breastplate, and the muted fire in his side as he pulled the dented metal away from his body. The feel of the jagged edges pulling free from his flesh would remain firmly rooted in his memory, even as the next minute would forever be a blank slate. The next thing he could remember was sagging against the wall, his right leg giving out. His clothing lay in a sodden pile beside his armor, with the soiled bandage that had been wrapped about his calf on top the wad of cloth that was his breeches. He was shivering violently, the warmth of the air no longer strong enough to offset the drastically reduced temperature of his body, and for a moment, the fog of exhaustion that had claimed his mind was driven away by the chill. Arms wrapped around his torso, chest burning, blood running freely down his left side and his right calf, Elrond hobbled to the edge of the bath. Knowing his leg would never be able to bear all of his weight at once, Elrond passed by the steps, and went straight to the edge of the steaming water. Elrond crouched down, his injuries complaining violently, and slid into the water. The warmth struck him with an almost physical blow. For a second, Elrond thought he was going to be sick, even as his skin screamed as if it were on fire. He grit his teeth and held his breath, and after a few seconds the raging nerves quieted, easing as his body began to adjust to, and absorb, the warmth. Elrond exhaled slowly, then quickly dunked his head beneath the water. The feeling of overwhelming heat struck him again, and he resurfaced quickly. The water that streamed from his plaited hair and face were dark with filth and tinged pink with blood.