Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings, Minas Tirith, Elrond, and Celebrian are not mine. The characters Callombel, Torndar, and the rest of Torndar's friends are of my own creation. No profit was made from the writing of this. Rating/Warnings: Teen. Mild sexual themes, threats of violence. Time frame: Probably somewhere between 100-107 of the Third Age. Elrond and Celebrian were married in 109-this takes place before the two of them begin courting. A/N: I don't mind admitting, this was something of an uncomfortable piece for me to write. However, it was a request, and due to the content and matter discussed herein, I couldn't not write it. So write it I did, and I am at least partially pleased with how it came out. Many thanks to Jabber for her support, encouragement, and review/editing/betaing of the story. First of all, thank you to each and every one of you who is reading this story. Secondly, thank you in advance to any of you who may take the time to review or favorite. I would love feedback, of course, but most important is my hope that you enjoy! ~A Second's Hesitation~ He found her sitting atop a low garden wall that overlooked the river nearly a thousand feet below. She did not turn as he wordlessly climbed up to sit beside her, mirroring her as he draped his long legs down the far side of the sheer, white stones, nothing but empty air and the gentle waving of prairie grass beneath his feet. The wind whispered around them, curiously gentle for a spring night in Minas Tirith. It played with her silver tresses, sending the edges swirling about her shoulders while the moon bathed them in liquid light, causing the carefully pinned curls to gleam. A cloak lay at the foot of the wall behind her as did her soft leather boots which lay at the midst of the crumpled pile of navy cloth. His voice was soft when he spoke at last, the dancing breeze carrying his words aloft and bearing them up toward the star-strewn heavens with a waltz. "What happened?" he asked her. He did not even question if something was wrong. A sigh, as gentle as the breeze. "I feel a fool," she said after a long moment of uncomfortable silence. She turned her head to look at him, and her silver hair shifted in the wind once more, dancing around her. "Elrond…" But then her lips curled up into a bitter sneer, and she turned her face away. Elrond did not take his eyes off her, taking in her bowed head and slumped shoulders. "Celebrían," he said, a little sternly, and reached out to rest a hand on her shoulder, "you are no fool. You should not think that way." Celebrían snorted indelicately. "Oh but I am," she snapped, stiffening under his touch. She did not, however, look at him, nor pull away. It was Elrond's turn for his mouth to twist into something of a sneer, although there was little contempt in the gesture. "I am, apparently, a Master of all lore – wise in all things," he said dryly. "I know a fool when I see one, Celebrían…or so the rumors say. But regardless of whether those rumors are true or not, I can still tell you this with certainty: you are no fool. I have never once thought so." "You never think that anyone is a fool," Celebrían retorted. "You always see the good in people." Elrond laughed, and the sound was surprisingly light. "On the contrary," he said. "Of all my numerous acquaintances, I believe there are a mere handful I have never thought a fool." There was truth in his voice, even if Celebrían could not quite accept it. But nevertheless, she at last looked up and turned to meet Elrond's eyes. "You will think less of me," she said quietly. So quietly, that the breeze nearly stole her words away and sent them flying out into the air above the city before they could reach Elrond's ears. But he heard them anyway. "Never," he said firmly. And this time Celebrían believed him. "I went down into the city tonight," Celebrían said at last, taking in a deep breath before beginning her tale. "Callombel accompanied me. Unfortunately, although he does his best, he cannot protect me from everything – especially my own foolishness and naivety…" ~oOo~ The sixth level was ablaze with light, despite the darkness of night. The streets were lined with lamps, and the golden glow of firelight spilled out of the doors and windows of the lavish homes to either side. Music and song drifted through the air, mingling with the clean breeze and the scent of flowering greenery. Celebrían smiled easily, half-closing her eyes and allowing her head to fall back as she drank in the sights and sounds of peace and prosperity. Callombel, who walked easily beside her, laughed lightly at her expression, a smile of his own twisting his lips. "Are you laughing at me?" Celebrían teased, lifting her head so she could look over at her companion. "Of course not, my lady," Callombel replied, laugh disappearing but for the gentle twinkle in his eyes. "Good. For if you were, that would be highly inappropriate," Celebrían told him sternly. The effect of her chastisement was lost only an instant later when she neatly stepped into him with an impish grin, using her elbow to send the tall, dark-haired warrior staggering to one side. Callombel caught himself with a surprised laugh, and he righted himself with an amused shake of his head. Celebrían looked at him questioningly, but Callombel did not divulge what it was that had caused him such amusement. He merely looked at her for a moment longer, before turning his gaze forward once more, an unreadable expression in his eyes and the faintest of grins on his face. Shaking her own head at the quiet nature of her companion, Celebrían turned her attention forward as well, although her thoughts remained on the guard. Callombel was kind and courteous, and at first glance overly serious. Indeed, when Elrond had first introduced them, and informed her that Callombel would be her guard for the duration of their stay in Minas Tirith, Celebrían had been dismayed at his gravity. He was loyal – that much was clear – and Celebrían was certain, even from their first meeting, that he would give his life for her if the need arose. Yet he seemed so silent and solemn. It seems I have a habit of misjudging when it comes to silence and a propensity for propriety, Celebrían thought, vaguely amused. I did much the same with Elrond, and now I am in love with him… A soft, tender smile curved her lips at the thought. Yes, she loved him with all of her heart, yet at first she had thought him rigid and cold and too serious by far. Callombel, it seemed, was far more than she had given him credit for as well – a fact that she had slowly been learning over the course of the last week. He was kind and courteous, yes, and quiet as well. Yet he also had a surprising sense of humor, and a love of song and dance. And his smile, when it would come – which was more often each day – was warm and kind, and seemed to fit him like birdsong in spring. Laughter and voices brought Celebrían's thoughts back to the present, and she glanced around, searching for the source of the disturbance. She and Callombel had come out onto a wide thoroughfare that curved around the outer circle of the sixth level, and in the distance Celebrían could just make out the gate to the fifth level. Like the streets before, the causeway was filled with light, but instead of rich homes, shops and brightly lit taverns lined the streets. A fountain was playing merrily in a small courtyard of stone to their left, the water sparkling in the torchlight as it fell into a sweeping basin, and behind the fountain came drifting the squeak of a fiddle and the trill of a flute. The voices were coming from a cluster of young men walking beside the fountain. They were richly dressed, and as they turned and shoved playfully at one another, Celebrían caught sight of gold and silver rings on their fingers and in their ears. They caught sight of Celebrían and stopped. Celebrían bit back a laugh at their apparent surprise, although she felt Callombel stiffen beside her. Even though it had only been a mere century since the Last Alliance, many mortals had already forgotten the beauty and might of the Elves, and Celebrían had noted that especially the younger men and women were particularly taken with her and her kin. For half a moment, the young men simply stood still as if in a trance as Celebrían and Callombel walked down the road, toward where the group was standing. Just as they were drawing abreast of the fountain, however, one of the young men – one of the leaders of the group, Celebrían suspected, judging by his cocky grin and the way his friends stood half a step behind him – called out to them. "Good evening, my lady," the young man said, stepping forward so that he was standing directly in their path. The man bowed, his dark hair brushing messily across his forehead as he straightened once more, the feathery locks threatening to fall into his startlingly blue eyes. He was smiling charmingly, and there was an air of assurance about his stance that told Celebrían he was well-accustomed to getting what he wanted. "Fair evening," Celebrían replied with a smile, inclining her head slightly. If she had expected the lad to look affronted by her lack of a curtsy, Celebrían was disappointed. The young man only smiled wider, and stepped closer. "I am Torndar," the young man said with yet another charming smile, "and these are my friends Bornoth, Helmdur, Emár, and Selth." He swept his hand back, indicating his companions who were still standing beside the fountain, watching the proceedings with interest. As each was introduced, he would bow and smile. Celebrían gave each a nod in return. "We were all on our way to Mist Glass for a drink. You and your friend," the young man paused for a breath, waiting for Celebrían or Callombel to correct him. When neither did so, he went on, "are welcome to join us, if you would like. There will be music as well and, if I may be so bold, I must admit to never having met an Elf before." He blushed prettily. "There are many questions I would like to ask, if you would be kind enough to listen to me blather." ~oOo~ Celebrían sighed and shook her head as she paused in her tale. "I do not know what possessed me to take up his offer," she admitted. "I was…curious, I suppose. Curious about him and about Minas Tirith. And he was earnest in his desire to know more about Elves." She smiled wryly. "Perhaps a little too earnest, and a little too interested." ~oOo~ The Mist Glass was a well-lit, two-storied inn whose common room doubled as a tavern and eating house. It was clean and welcoming and, although if Celebrían had been surprised at the men's choice of patronage when she had first seen that it was also an inn, after stepping into spacious first floor, she thought she had a good idea why. The main hearth was cold and dark, but finely sculpted glass lamps hung from the ceiling, and the long oak tables that filled the right half of the room gleamed with polish and care. Fresh and unsullied rushes were scattered across the floor, and atop the counter running the full length of the left-hand wall, Celebrían caught sight of a tabby cat