Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings and any recognizable characters, places, etc. herein are property of the Tolkien estate, and everyone else that they belong to. I make no claim to ownership, and am merely borrowing them for the time being. No profit has been made from the writing of this tale, except perhaps the enjoyment of doing so. Rating/Warnings: K+. Warnings? None for this chapter. There might be some mild peril/hurt/comfort later on, but that is yet to be determined. Category: Humor/Friendship Time frame: Merry, Pippin, Sam, and Strider have made it safely to Rivendell. The tale begins the first morning that they are there, while Frodo is still unconscious and recovering. It will probably span their entire stay in Imladris, including the Council of Elrond. A/N: So, this was originally written as a oneshot as part of an attempt to sway my friend (and cohort) Mirnava that she should like Elrond. Ironically, Elrond is only in this for about three paragraphs. Because of that, though, he will be a main character (at least indirectly) in this story. I realized, after writing the last sentence, that I was going to have to expand the story. Thus most of the other oneshot ideas that I have had for this time period will be added and incorporated into this story. Not every chapter will necessarily follow or further the plot, and it might serve you well to read most chapters as separate stories, with a common thread running through them. Also, because of that, I have written no other chapters besides this one, and thus updates will be sporadic at best. A HUGE thanks goes to tonks-quinn57 (here on out referred to as Galeo) for being the most wonderful beta ever. I honestly don't know how she manages to put up with me and my crazy, warped ways. Oh, and also, (thanks to one of my conversations with her) this fic will from now on be called my "Super Sleuth Merry" fic. I'd love to hear what you think of this! And I am open to ideas for chapters! Most importantly, though, I hope that you enjoy this story. A Tale of Riddles, Peace, and Food Chapter 1 "Oi, Merry, wake up!" Something brushed against Merry's exposed cheek, causing him to shiver slightly. A moment later, the tickling sensation moved from his cheek to just beneath his chin. Merry groaned and swatted at the thing above him that was daring to disturb his rest, but cracked his eyes open nonetheless. Pippin stood beside Merry's bed, an impish grin sprawled across his face. His curly hair was a tangled mess and looked as if he hadn't properly combed it after his bath the night before. He was holding a long, green stem topped with small clusters of leaves and miniature buds. "Come on, Merry," Pippin urged, reaching down to give his friend another poke on the chin. Merry lazily swatted the descending greenery away, and rolled over onto his back, stretching languidly. He felt as if he was sinking into the soft sheets, and he smiled slightly at the feel of a real mattress beneath his back and pillow under his head. It was sheer bliss. Sunlight was streaming into the airy room through three large windows set into the far wall. The cheerful twittering of songbirds and cooing of doves wafted in on a sweet breeze that carried the scent of flowers and rich earth. "What's so urgent, Pip?" Merry asked his cousin, who looked like he was about to burst. "I'm hungry," was the profound reply. "Get up so we can go get something to eat!" Just at that moment, Merry's stomach decided to rumble ominously. He looked down towards his midriff, and cracked a grin. Swinging his legs off of the bed, Merry stretched again. By the time he actually gained his feet, Pippin was holding a pair of dark green breeches out to him, along with a silk shirt of the palest cream. Merry cocked an eyebrow at the clothing, but began to dutifully pull on the pants. "Where'd these clothes come from?" he asked as he buttoned the pants. They were a little too big both in the waist and in the legs, and the cuffs bulged where they dragged along the ground. "I think they're elvish clothes," Pippin replied as Merry began to roll up the bottoms of his pants. "They were sitting on the chest of drawers when I woke up this morning." It was only then that Merry realized that there were tiny threads of gold along the seams that made it look almost as if a delicate vine twined up each leg and around the ankle. Merry glanced at Pippin after pulling the nightshirt over his head. Although he hadn't taken note of the fact before, Pippin wore breeches of midnight blue and a snow white shirt. Tiny flashes of silver glittered from the collar of the shirt and down along the sleeves, making it appear as if he were sparkling in the sunlight. "I'm amazed that they had clothes that can fit us. Well," amended Merry as he donned the shirt and the sleeves fell far past his hands, "that almost fit us. The proportions are a bit off." The door swung open as Merry was finishing tucking the shirt into the breeches, and Sam came into the room. He looked slightly haggard, as if he hadn't slept as well as the other two, and his brows were drawn together with worry. Like the others, he too wore elven clothing, with dark brown breeches and a collared shirt of sky blue. Tiny embroidered flowers marched up and down along the seams and around the collar and the hems. "How is Frodo?" Merry asked Sam. Sam shrugged. "Lord Elrond says he thinks he'll be okay. He was still sleeping when I left a moment ago." "We were about to go try to find some food," Pippin piped up. "Would you like to come?" "Actually, that's why I'm here," Sam began, a faint blush creeping up his cheeks. "I was told that I wasn't going to be allowed back to see Mr. Frodo until I ate something." "Well, come on then," Merry said brightly, slinging an arm over Sam's shoulders as Pippin bounded forward and yanked the door wide enough for the three of them to pass through. "Let's go get some breakfast." "Well technically," Pippin interjected, "it's time for second breakfast." They had hardly noticed their surroundings the night before as they had been lead, stumbling, toward their rooms, half asleep on their feet. Thus it was that it seemed to the hobbits that they were seeing the Last Homely House for the first time. The beauty of the elven sanctuary nearly overwhelmed them as they wandered the hallways, searching for the kitchen or the dining room. It was as if everywhere they looked there was a new wonder to behold, whether it was a statue, or a tapestry, or simply a carved door handle. Merry would never be able to say exactly how long they wandered those hallways, completely lost, yet completely at ease. An elf rounded a corner just ahead of them, his attention fixated on a leather bound book in his hands. He seemed to sense that he was no longer alone in the corridor, however, for he stopped abruptly and lifted his gaze. When his eyes settled on the three young hobbits, a warm smile spread across his face, and he closed the book gently. "Greetings, master hobbits," the raven-haired elf greeted them, bowing slightly. Surprised, Merry bobbed a bow in return, and he caught a glimpse of his friends doing the same on either side of him. "Hello," Pippin said automatically in reply. Out of the three of them, he seemed the least awed by the noble being before them. "Are the three of you lost?" the tall elf queried, not unkindly. A knowing glint gleamed in his eyes. "We were just looking for the kitchens and something to eat, and we got turned around," Sam told the elf, a little defensively. "I understand," the elf said, and his gaze resting on Sam. "This is a large place, and it is easy to get turned around. Would you like me to show you the way to the dining hall?" he offered. "Please," Merry replied quickly. His stomach was definitely feeling very hollow. "This way," the elf urged, and turned back the way he had come. As they walked, the elf attempted to draw the hobbits into a conversation. Merry found that the more he spoke, the more at ease he became. "Ah, but I am being remiss in my manners," the elf exclaimed. "I am Erestor, advisor and councilor to Lord Elrond. I hope you slept well last night?" "Oh, yes," Merry replied. "I haven't slept so well since before leaving home. Oh, and I'm Merry, and this is Pippin and Sam." "I am pleased to make your acquaintances," Erestor said with another soft smile. "You are from the Shire, are you not?" "Yes," Pippin answered. "I have never been there in all my long years, and have always been intrigued. Estel has never told me much, despite my queries. Perhaps you three would be willing to tell me about your home?" He did indeed sound hopeful, and Merry couldn't help but grin slightly at the eagerness in the elf's voice. With that, the three hobbits began to chatter, the details of their homeland slipping off their tongues effortlessly, and they found that it easy to talk to this tall, slightly enigmatic, dark-haired elf. For Erestor's part, he was intrigued throughout the entire conversation, often making quiet remarks, or asking questions about certain things. By the time that they had descended the final sweeping staircase to the ground floor, Merry felt perfectly at ease. "Here you are," Erestor announced as they reached a set of large, oaken doors set into the end of a short corridor. He stopped a few feet away, and bowed slightly. "I am afraid that I must take my leave of you now, for there is something that I must attend to. However, I believe Strider is eating now, so you should have some company." Merry didn't miss the slight pause before the word 'Strider', as if Erestor had thought for a second about the name. "Perhaps we will speak again some time." The hobbits nodded in agreement, and bade the tall elf farewell. With that, he turned, and strode away from the small group, his robes billowing slightly. "Well come on," Pippin said a few seconds later. "I'm starved." He reached up and tugged on the latch above his head. With a small, deep groan, the right hand door swung open just enough for the three of them to slip through one after the other. If Merry had been amazed by the beauty of the house before, he was struck dumb now. The ceiling rose high above them, and it seemed to Merry that he was gazing up at a thick canopy of trees and leaves. The pillars spaced evenly along the walls resembled intricately carved tree trunks, and the arches that spread out above were fashioned into the likeness of branches. Silken tapestries of midnight blue embroidered in gold hung from the beams, giving one the impression of looking up at the night sky. Windows lined the right hand wall, which allowed the late morning sunlight stream in unfettered. A large fireplace was set in the center of the left hand wall, but it was empty save a few unlit logs. Tables draped with linens of varying shades of blue and green lined the long hall, with cushioned benches pushed underneath. On the far end of the room rose a dais, with three steps leading up to it. A table sat atop the small platform, and there were seven high-backed armchairs sitting regally behind it. Three smaller, less ornately carved chairs were squashed