Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings isn't mine, sorry. I'm not quite that awesome. Warnings: Erm...nothing really. Some angst, but... Special Note: This is actually not the complete story, although I'm marking it as complete and there will be no more chapters. Why is this then incomplete? Because eventually I intend to write a full tale of Elrond and Celebrian and company in Valinor, and there's a lot that happens even in this scene that I'm cutting out for the sake of this individual plot (which was supposed to focus on Elrond and Celebrian). So hopefully, eventually, there will be a more complete and full story with the events of what happens in this. Time Frame: Shortly after Elrond and Celebrian's reunion on the docks of Alqualonde (Valinor) A/N: Okay, so I wrote this instead of studying for my APUSH and AP Lang AP Tests. Good job me. But it was fun, albeit a little stressful and disheartening at times. And now I'm staying up to publish it. As such, the editorial job is probably worth a heel of bread that's been left outside in July in Georgia for two weeks, but hey. I think the title comes from something, but I can't really remember what...I was just looking for a title (er, trying to think of one), and this just popped into my head and wouldn't leave. If anyone knows what it may be from, I would appreciate you letting me know! Also, I would positively love it if you would take the time to review - I can't know what to make better if I don't know what people do or don't like! Plus, I don't think I've ever written angst quite like this before, and I'm really curious as to how you think I did with it...please, please let me know? (Darn, I promised myself I wouldn't resort to begging anymore. Sorry!) In any case though, I hope that you enjoy! Dedication: For BarnumontheBrain , who I thought could use some cheering up. Not entirely sure that this will really cheer you up, but it's the thought that counts...right? Anyway, I hope that you enjoy some Elrond/Celebrian :) ~Come That Day~ He hadn't been able to let go of her. In all fairness, though, she hadn't made any indication that she had wanted him to. Even in the moments when he had needed both hands free – such as when he had embraced Gil-galad – her hand had never left his side; even when she had gone to her mother, tears in her eyes as she finally flung herself into Galadriel's arms, he had been there, his hand on her back. And neither wanted it any other way. The crowd parted before them as they left the docks, the people bowing their heads in respect as Elrond and Celebrían, then Galadriel and Finrod passed. There were smiles all around. Calls of welcome came from either side, and more than one flower was cast at the feet of Elrond and Galadriel. Celebrían could feel that Elrond was slightly uncomfortable by the way he stiffened, and by the way he glanced back and forth, taking in the shifting crowd with sharp intensity. No matter how well-loved he had been in Middle-earth, even during the times that he had been Gil-galad's herald, he had always been able to, for the most part, avoid large crowds, or at the very least stay on the fringe of importance or observation. Always before, he had been a lord who loved his people, and whose people knew and loved him – and respected him. Now however – here – he was more than just a lord. Here he was a prince – the unknown prince, the one who tales had been told of for thousands of years, but who few had ever met; the one who held the hearts of many of those who had sailed, but whose own family barely knew him. He was the one that all wished to see, to meet, to know. He was not ready for such scrutiny, for such interactions with hundreds if not thousands of people who wished to meet their youngest prince. Celebrían had sensed that from the very instant that he had taken her into his arms, could sense it in the way that had he held to her, clutched at her, his threadbare soul clinging to hers as if he were a drowning man that had at last found his salvation. She could feel it in the cracks in his voice as he spoke, in the bone-deep exhaustion in his shoulders and his movements. He was tired and full of sorrow – he was broken. And now he was also afraid. Celebrían tightened her hold on his waist, her fingers digging into the embroidered material of his robes. He drew her closer in response, pulling her tighter against his side. It was almost as if he feared that, if he loosened his hold, she would disappear again. And he needed her, desperately. For so long, Elrond had been her strength. He had held her when she had awoken screaming from nightmares, had soothed her fears as she had trembled. He had wiped away her tears when they had flowed freely, and he had guarded her secrets, bearing them alone even when they became so mighty that no one could bear them alone. He had held her, and he had carried her when she had been broken. He had put her back together, piece by piece, until he could not heal her any more. Now it was her turn. Now she would be the one to care for him, to carry him, to put his shattered soul back together. For so long he had borne the weight of so many duties, cares, and worries; he had shouldered the pain of so many others. But now that time was done. Now she would take his pain, just as he had done for so many others. It was her turn to heal him. "I am here," Celebrían murmured, although she doubted he could hear her over the dull roar of the crowd. "I am here, beloved, and I am going nowhere." Whether or not he did indeed hear her words, Elrond seemed to understand what she had said, for his hold lost much of its intensity. He did not, however, loosen his arm. There were horses waiting for them at the end of the wharves, their heads held high. They bore saddles but no bridles, and in the long strands of their manes and tails had been woven brightly colored ribbons. Elves dressed in the navy blue and silver of Imladris stood with the horses, and the insignia of Elrond's house was emblazoned on their breasts. But there was something different about these from those that had been used in Middle-earth. Around the edge his crest now were woven two interlocking bands, one of green and one of gold. Elrond felt his stomach tighten. They were the markings to indicate nobility – green for the house of Elu Thingol, and gold for the house of Finwë. Celebrían felt Elrond tense further and there was a pang in her heart. Was he truly so broken that even such a show of love and loyalty hurt him? She longed to stop him, to thread her hands through his hair, to kiss him, to show him that he was no longer alone – that he was loved. But she restrained herself. This was not the time, nor the place, she knew that. And so she contented herself, for the moment, with simply holding him, touching him, breathing in his scent, simply being with him as she had dreamed of for so long. One of the men-at-arms stepped forward and bowed, but he was smiling widely as he straightened. "My lord, it is good to see you again," he said as he came forward and clasped Elrond's arm. Elrond was still for a long moment, transfixed and unbelieving. And then he was pulling the Elf into a fierce hug, and he was truly smiling once more. "Faellach, it is indeed good to see you once again. Tell me, how do you fare?" The former captain of Imladris, who had fallen on the slopes of Orodruin, grinned. "I am well, my lord. And you?" A flicker of shadow crossed Elrond's face, but then it was gone. "I am well, thank you," he replied. Neither Faellach nor Celebrían, however, missed the suddenly cold undertone to his words. Faellach's smile faltered for an instant, but he forced it back into place. Turning, Faellach motioned forward a long-legged coal black mare. Her bright eyes were intelligent, and she watched Elrond carefully as she approached, nostrils flared. Ribbons of liquid silver and navy blue were woven through mane and tail, and the saddle blanket was etched with tiny threads of quicksilver that flashed in the sunlight. The mare pranced as she came to a halt just behind Faellach, and she threw her head high before snorting daintily. "I hope that she is to your liking, my lord," Faellach said as he stepped aside, allowing mare and Elf to greet each other. Elrond stepped forward, and for the first time he and Celebrían parted. She did not mind overly much, though, for she watched as he offered his hand, palm up, for the mare to sniff. Then he bent and blew gently in her nostrils, lifting his free hand to run his fingers down the line of her jaw. The mare whickered, then thrust her nose into Elrond's chest, although gently so as not to push him over. Faellach grinned and turned to Celebrían. "You were right, my lady. She does like him." He sounded bemused, and Celebrían could not help but laugh lightly. "I have yet to meet a horse that did not like my husband," she said. "Besides, she seemed like someone that he would get along with." Faellach smiled broadly, then excused himself with a bow, turning to see to the distribution of horses among the rest of those of Elrond's household who had travelled with him. Celebrían sensed someone as approached. The newcomer halted behind her, and she turned to find Erestor standing at her shoulder. His eyes were on Elrond, a thoughtful expression on his face. "What are you thinking on?" Celebrían queried. Erestor turned his unsettling grey gaze on Celebrían before glancing back to Elrond once more. After a moment's silence he sighed, and at last he spoke. "I fear that his recovery will be slow and painful," Erestor said at last. He glanced around, taking in the bustle as those of the House mounted or murmured quietly to one another. Lady Galadriel stood a little ways off with her brother, watching the similar proceedings of the few of her own people who had accompanied her – the majority of them had remained in Middle-earth, and would remain until Celeborn sailed. Every so often, however, her eyes would flicker to Celebrían, and then to Elrond, before returning to her brother, who had yet to leave her side. Erestor turned back to Celebrían. "I fear all of our healing will be slow and painful," he admitted. Celebrían placed a warm hand on Erestor's shoulder, and she smiled softly. "But you will heal," Celebrían assured him. "All of you shall – you, my mother, and even Elrond. No matter if it takes time, for I shall be there the entire time, as will others who love you." Erestor snorted uncharacteristically. "Others who love me," he echoed derisively. "I hardly think so." Celebrían only smiled sorrowfully and squeezed his shoulder. "There are many who love you, Erestor," she said quietly. "You are simply too stubborn and aloof to see it." "If you say so, my lady," Erestor said stiffly, and then bowed. "If you will excuse me." With that he turned on his heel and strode away, likely to go find Faellach. It was Celebrían's