Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings ain't mine. I don't think there's really any other way to say it. Oh, except for Aravadhor. He's mine, and no taking him unless I tell you that you can... No profit was made from the writing of this, except pleasure and a couple of "Aww's." Rating/Warnings: Teen. Rated Teen for Ideas/Concepts, mild Violence (only referenced), and slightly Disturbing Images Important Note: This is a sequel to my story "Poisoned Star." If you have not yet read through at least Chapter 5: No Greater Love , then you may wish to go and read that first. I mean, you can read this without first having read Poisoned Star, however the plot story will make much more sense if you have. Warning for Poisoned Star however: it is rated a high Teen for very graphic violence, particularly Chapters 5 (to which this tale is tagged) and Chapter 7. There will be one or two spoilers for Poisoned Star. Mainly, you find out one character that survives (other than Elrond, of course). However I've already spoiled that in something else I've already posted, so I decided it would be fine. Time frame: TA (Third Age) 252. Arwen is 11 years old, which in elven standards is still extremely young. Think 5ish years old in human terms. The Twins are 122 years old. This is approximately 2,386 years after Poisoned Star begins. Characters: Elrond, Arwen, Celeborn, Celebrian, Elladan, Elrohir, with a very brief appearance by Aravadhor A/N: 1) This was extremely fun to write. 2) Elfling Arwen is freaking adorable. 3) This was my first time ever writing Arwen and it was a blast. 4) The story that Elladan tells is actually loosely based off of an actual legend, however I don't remember what it's called. 5) I really seem to enjoy giving Elrond angst. 6) Celeborn's badger story is in reference to the first chapter in Crookneck 's fic Twelve Tunics , which is awesome by the way, so go read it. 7) Please review? :) 8) I hope you enjoy! Translations: Ada/Adar: Daddy (Dad)/Father Nana/Naneth: Mommy (Mom)/Mother Daerada/Daeradar: Grandpa/Grandfather Iel: Daughter Iel nîn: My daughter Undómiel: Evenstar ~*And So Night Fades to the Light of an Evening Star*~ Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams to mortal ever dared to dream before. ~Edgar Allen Poe In the night of death, hope sees a star, and listening love can hear the rustle of a wing. ~Robert Green Ingersoll Spring clung tightly to the hidden valley of Imladris. The warm night filled the land, weaving both peace and the exultant joy of new life through the clear air. The stars hung gleaming in the velvety night sky like a thousand crystal diamonds, and the moon hung thick and swollen near to the horizon. New leaves just beginning to unfurl on barren branches were gilded with silver, and the grass gleamed like glass. The heady scent of blossoms just beginning to open was mixed with the rich taste of earth freshly turned, and as the light breeze laughed about the hidden haven, it brought with it the crisp sensation of freshly melted snow. The Main House was bright, and both laughter and song flowed freely. The delectable scent of freshly baked foods wafted through the air even after the welcoming feast had been cleared away, carrying on the breeze that had been coaxed into the large house with open windows and doorways. Indeed, all were joyous and merry, for their lord's sons had returned home that afternoon, and with them had come their grandfather, Lord Celeborn. The Hall of Fire was ablaze with light, the great hearth at the center of the hall burning brightly. Torches too had been brought in and placed in brackets that lined the pillars, banishing all shadows, even from the furthest corners. Such was the delight of the elves that night. At the head of the hall, pushed into a corner to afford some measure of privacy, was a small semicircle of couches and deep armchairs, perfect for curling up in. The half circle faced outward so that those who sat there could watch the hall if they so desired, and at the center sat a low table. It was not the only such arrangement of couches throughout the hall, yet this night it was the only one that was occupied. Of the many elves in the Hall of Fire that night, none even thought to approach to converse with any of those sitting there. Elrond lounged on one of the couches, long legs stretched out beneath the table and all need for dignity and decorum long forgotten. Even so, the elven lord still seemed to carry with him an air of nobility that even a newcomer would have been hard put to mistake him for anyone but the lord of the house. Beside him, her own much shorter legs stretching out across the length of the couch, sat Celebrían, her head resting against her husband's shoulder. Elrond's arm was wrapped about her, holding her close, and one of Celebrían's arms was draped lazily over his leg. Celeborn, who was sitting comfortably in the armchair beside the couch, had a rather amused expression on his face, and every time he would look at the two of them, his eyes would gleam. It was quite apparent that he found their positions at least slightly amusing, yet neither seemed to have noticed. Celeborn was in the midst of telling his daughter and son-in-law an amusing story concerning their sons and a rather disgruntled badger – to which Elrond was shaking his head slightly, all the while enjoying the irony of the situation, as he himself had had a very similar experience in his youth – when a high-pitched squeal split the air. Both Elrond and Celebrían shot up, looking toward the amiable throng standing close to the fire as they danced and exchanged songs. An instant later a small figure appeared dodging around Aravadhor's legs, raven tresses flying. The small elf-child lit out for the couches where Elrond, Celebrían, and Celeborn were sitting, feet flying and giggling all the while. Aravadhor turned quickly, looking down to see who it was that had nearly tripped over his feet, and thus did not see as someone else hurtled toward him. "Sorry Aravadhor," the other said as he grabbed the Captain's shoulders, steadying him, and with that he was moving on, chasing after the running child. "Gotcha!" A much larger figure appeared suddenly beside her, grabbing her and sweeping her up into his arms. The girl shrieked again, and then began to giggle as her captor tickled her mercilessly. "Stop it Elladan!" Arwen protested, trying to push away her brother's fingers. Elladan laughed, rather trollishly it may be noted, but barely more than a second later he was obeying his sister's command. Elrohir approached, now at a much slower rate than before, a wide grin splitting his face as he neared his brother and little sister. He made a face at Arwen, who giggled and stuck out her tongue. She quickly pulled it back in, glancing hurriedly over to her mother and father. Elrond raised an eyebrow, and Arwen ducked her head guiltily, before latching her arms around Elladan's neck. Elrohir and Elladan shared a look, and then started toward their parents and grandfather. Unheard by either the twins or Arwen, Celeborn chuckled. He glanced over at Celebrían, who was now sitting erect beside her husband, and said, "I remember you doing much the same thing Iel, and if I recall correctly, it was to Gil-galad." Elrond laughed lightly and Celebrían opened her mouth, mortified, but then closed it with a snap. "I do remember that, actually," Celebrían said finally. "He had been teasing me about my dress. Not," Celebrían added as her children neared, "That that is a story that you should be sharing with your grandchildren." Elladan and Elrohir neared, and Elladan unhooked Arwen's hands from about his neck and set her down on the floor. She looked up at her father, an expression of supreme seriousness on her face, and then walked over to him, stopping just before she was touching his leg. "I am sorry I stuck my tongue out at Elrohir, Ada," she said, "I know I'm not supposed to." Elrond could feel both Celebrían and Celeborn's eyes on him as he looked down at his daughter. "It is not to me that you should be apologizing," Elrond told Arwen. He glanced up at Elrohir, who was standing behind her. Arwen spun and threw her arms around her brother's legs. "I'm sorry I stuck my tongue out at you Elrohir," she said, her voice muffled by the cloth of his pants. "I forgive you Arwen," Elrohir replied instantly, and then glanced at his father. Elrond nodded slightly, the faintest of grins tugging at the corners of his mouth. Elrohir stooped down and lifted his sister into his arms, hugging her tightly. "And now, tithen seler, would you like to hear a story?" Elrohir asked. Arwen nodded emphatically, her hair dancing over her shoulders. "Is that all right with you, Adar?" Elrohir added, looking to both his mother and father. Both nodded, and Elrohir sat on the remaining open couch, settling his sister on his lap. "What sort of story would you like to hear?" Elladan asked, joining them on the couch and looking to Arwen. The little girl pondered for a moment, her brow drawing down into a firm frown as she thought. "A scary story," she announced finally, and then settled deeper into her brother's lap and looked up at him adoringly. "I'm not so sure…" Elrohir began, but then Elladan cut him off. "I know a good scary story. Do not worry Naneth," Elladan added quickly, "It is no worse than any of the historic tales of the Orcs that are sung in the lays. It will be safe for Arwen to hear." Celebrían gave her eldest son a piercing look, but then sighed and leaned back. Elrond wrapped his arm around her shoulders once more. "Long ago," Elladan began, turning to face his sister, "There were three brothers. Their father had been killed in an orc raid when they were young and since then, it had fallen to the three of them to care for the aging mother. "Winter was on its way, and in the village where they lived, winter was exceedingly harsh. The wind was so strong that it could knock you off of your feet with a single gust, and the snow would get so deep that more than one villager had drowned. It would even get so cold that your breath would freeze as it left your mouth, and would fall to the snow as ice. "As I was saying, winter was on its way, and the three brothers knew that they would need to go hunting if they were to survive the long cold. So they packed up their hunting hear, kissed their mother goodbye, and went off into the nearby forest to look for game." Arwen was listening with rapt attention, her eyes wide as she gazed at her brother. "It was the second night of their week long hunting trip, when seemingly out of nowhere, an early blizzard sprang up. The wind howled like a pack of a thousand wargs, and the snow was so thick that the brothers could not even see their hands in front of their faces. "Not knowing what else to do, the brothers found a thick bank of snow and dug a hole just big enough for all three to fit in. They climbed in, and there they decided to wait out the storm. "But the storm just kept raging and raging, piling more and more snow on the brothers' safe haven and keeping them trapped in their little hole. Hours turned into days, and days turned into a week. Still, the