Disclaimer: Lord of the Rings, and all recognizable characters herein do not belong to me. They belong to the Tolkien Estate and their respective owners, and I make no profit from the writing of this. Warnings: peril, graphic in the violent sort Time frame: 488 of the Third Age A/N: This was an answer to the Teitho prompt "Mountains," wherein it tied for third place. I have broken it up into four chapters total, for it was too long to be an appropriate oneshot, and the way in which the story was told was truly in a chapter formatting. If you get too anxious to finish it, however, you can find the story in its entirety on the Teitho site, under the tab "Mountains." Many thanks to Mirnava for beta'ing. I would love some feedback, even if it's a simple "I liked it." Hearing what you (the readers) think really helps me as a writer, both to know what you like as an audience, as well as how to improve my writing. The next chapter will be uploaded in four days (although you could probably convince me to update sooner...) For anyone waiting for updates on my other WIP, I can assure you that they are coming. Writing this story really murdered me (I wrote something like 8500 words in 24 hours), and I've had a hard time getting back into the flow of writing. I hope that this will be able to tide you over until such a time as I am able to finish my other updates. Enjoy! ~Chapter 1~ He was lying down. Or was he lying up? He couldn't tell. Which way even was up? Which way was down? Was there even any direction any longer, or had he fallen into a bottomless abyss in which he would fall for an eternity? But if he was falling, that would mean that there was an up and a down, and he could not sense either. His head hurt. Ai Elbereth, his head hurt. It pounded in time with his heart, a steady throbbing echoing through his skull and down into his spine. Everywhere – he hurt everywhere. When he tried to breathe his chest refused to expand, sharp lances of pain digging into his flesh and into his lungs. He couldn't move, he realized a moment later. He couldn't even feel his arms and his legs. They were trapped, bound by some invisible thread that, no matter how hard he struggled and strained, he could not seem to break. It was dark all around him, but somehow not the darkness of the abyss. Rather it was the chill blue light of depth, of darkness. It was the light of a slow death and of distilled fear. He blinked, trying to bring something – anything – into focus, something other than the all-pervasive blue light that suffused the air and covered the walls in dripping light and dark. He couldn't; he couldn't focus, couldn't shake away the blurred veil that clung to his eyes and masked his sight. At last he gave up his attempts as his head began to ache more acutely, the throbbing slowly morphing into a spike being driven agonizingly through the base of his neck, up through his skull, and then out of his forehead. He closed his eyes. If all he could do was strain and fight a losing battle against the blue blur, then he would simply not fight. He would deny the pain and the hopelessness its victory. He would rest, just for a moment. Exhaustion as deep as bone swept over him unexpectedly, very nearly stealing away his breath. He felt as if he was sinking, a thick black cloak smothering him, wrapping him in tangling folds that he could not extricate himself from. He could only struggle for an instant and then he was relaxing, unable and unwilling to fight the warmth that filled his body. He had not even realized he was cold. A breath of air escaped his lips, and he sank down into the comforting embrace of the darkness… Careful there, Skinner. A voice tore through the peaceful silence so violently that Elrond flinched, winced in pain, and opened his eyes. He glanced around, searching for the source of the voice that had torn him so abruptly from the sleep that had promised warmth and comfort. Now, now Skinner, we can't have any of that, now can we? A chuckle, as deep as the roots of the mountains, and as fey as lightning lancing through the sky; a chuckle, and then two yellow eyes, pupils mere vertical slits that were as dark and endless as the abyss blinking into existence mere inches from Elrond's face. Hello there, Skinner. If he was in the habit of screaming, Elrond would have done so. As it was, he jerked his head away, only for his skull to smash into something very hard, very cold, and very painful an instant later, sending a new spike of pain through his head. His breath froze in his lungs as his entire body reacted to the fresh onslaught of pain, and for an instant he could see nothing but shadow as he blacked out. Then the black world was bleeding back to blue and grey and yellow eyes. But now Elrond could see more than just the eyes – he could just make out a blurred shape hovering above him – or perhaps it was crouching above him. And splitting the shadow just beneath the eyes was a wide grin – a grin filled with needle-pointed teeth that fit together like gears on a torturer's wheel. Good boy, Skinner . The grin widened and the teeth parted, and a chuckle poured from the mouth, rolling and tumbling and trembling, filling the air until it quivered and quaked. Good boy. A clawed hand unfurled from the shadows, the ivory talons that protruded from the being's fingertips gleaming silver in the blue light. It reached down and ran its palm down the side of Elrond's cheek, curved nails digging into his numbed flesh. Elrond tried to jerk his head away from the feel of his numbed flesh being sliced open, but his body was frozen. He twitched, turning his face away, sending the claws trailing through his hair, the fingertips pulling through the soaked and tangled strands until they hit the hard earth beneath him. The creature leered at him, the glistening teeth catching the unsettling light as they clicked together. It leaned over him, like a looming wall of shadow that obliterated all light, swallowing it whole into its darkness. The eyes came closer, never-blinking and glowing pale yellow in the darkness. And then a tongue of flame – or was it a serpent with ruby eyes? – flickered out and over the teeth, slithering over the fangs with the faintest hiss . Elrond fought to keep himself calm, even as he struggled to move his arms, his hands, anything that he could fight with. But still, the invisible threads bound him still, holding him a prisoner as the shadows fell over him, around him, until the very darkness itself was leaning over him, smothering him, until he couldn't even see the blue-grey light of cold that had pervaded the world. He somehow found this worse. The chuckle came again, rumbling through the air, shaking his very bones until it felt as if the very sound itself was pressing down on him, covering him, boring into his head and heart and very soul and smothering him. He could not breathe, could not even struggle as his head keened and his eyes locked to those pale yellow lights split with black slits. And then his body struggled, shuddering as the need to breathe overwhelmed the pain. He felt his chest expand slightly but the darkness of the beast towering over him pressed down, like a wall of living shadow that lay on him, crushing him. He bared his teeth in a silent snarl, soundlessly defying the shadow in any way he could as his body forced his chest to expand, despite the creeping, numbing pain, despite the acidic sting in mouth and throat. And he forced his lungs to take in air. And there came that chuckle yet again, that chuckle that shook the air, running through the light like the pounding waterfall that tumbles in a mist to the pool below. Without warning, the dark beast drew back, and like a flood, the blue light returned, flooding into Elrond's senses like a crashing wave. But the wave was more than light, for with the light came a fresh onslaught of terrible agony – agony which Elrond only then realized had begun to abate as the darkness had closed over him. And there, there came that grin again, and yellow eyes blazed in a sea of sifting shadow. A flick of the serpent – or was it the thing's tongue? – and a hiss. You think that you can fight me? The rumble of words through the air, through the earth, through his very bones. The chuckle rose to a high, keening laugh, and it sounded like a thousand wolves howling in time to a screeching mob of crows, which sang counterpoint to the crying of the winter winds. If he could have, Elrond would have covered his ears to block out the horrific sound – a sound that made him feel as if his eardrums were bleeding. I admire your spirit, Skinner . Hiss and flick – and was that the beast's tongue, or a venomous viper that lay coiled in its mouth? I shall make a deal with you – a game, if you will. The smile widened, and the serpent tongue flickered again. So long as you stay awake, Skinner , flicker hiss, I shall not eat you. But as soon as you sleep, or fall unconscious – as soon as you succumb to your pain or your fatigue – you are mine. Flicker hiss, and the tongue slithered across the teeth in an anticipatory gesture. Then you will be mine for an eternity. ~oOo~ Cruston, son of Arthon, second captain of the King's Guard, halted and pulled his heavy, fur-lined cloak tighter about his shoulders in a vain attempt to block the bitter wind's plucking fingers. He shivered slightly, and quickly looked over his shoulder, eyes sweeping the bleak white and grey mountain slope beneath him. His men moved slowly up the mountain behind him, spread out into a long, sweeping line that stretched more than a thousand paces across. They were dark shadows against the pristine white of the thick snow – snow broken only by the occasional finger of stone or icy ridge – and the wind tugged at them, sending their cloaks snapping, and their hair rustling, despite hoods having been drawn down tightly over foreheads. Cruston heard the gentle tap of paws on snow, and he looked up. A large hound, her shaggy winter coat damp and the fringe of her belly fur glistening with ice crystals, was trotting toward him, nose lifted high in the air, and eyes gleaming intelligently. Behind her came another figure, this one taller and moving over the snow with greater grace than even the dog had managed. Dark hair tossed in the wind, bound only by two simple braids – one on either side of the temple to hold the hair out of the warrior's face – and held by neither hood nor helm. The Elf also wore no cloak, although his tunic and breeches were lined with fur, and his boots were laced tightly up his calves, and gleamed with waterproofing oil. Cruston bowed his head respectfully as Galchyl approached. The Captain of Imladris returned the gesture, halting a few paces down the slope from the Man, his piercing blue gaze sweeping across the windswept landscape before coming to settle on Cruston's face. The hound sat down at his side,