Hello, everyone! This story is the sequel to Me and You , so if you haven't read that one yet, you definitely need to get through that first. I was originally going to wait until upload, but then realized I have tons of chapters pre-written already…so why wait? Ineffable is going to continue updating more regularly than this one, but I'll upload this one more often than I originally thought at the beginning. I hope you enjoy! … … I watched Edward cut the cord, and cried when I saw him hold her for the first time. She was tiny, and she wailed as Edward laid her on my chest, but it was the most incredible thing to finally hold her. I kissed her pink forehead and held her as close as I could. Edward slipped his arm around my shoulders. And his other hand came up to cup the back of her head. Both of us had tears in our eyes as we looked at each other. He leaned down to kiss me as I held our daughter, and I knew that this would be one of the best and most special moments of my life. … … I had just been moved out of the birthing suite and into my own hospital room, and now the three of us were getting our first moments together as a family. "I'm sure every parents says this, but she's perfect, isn't she?" "She is perfect." I smiled as I watched Edward with the baby, totally in awe of how amazing it felt to see them together. "I can't believe it." "I think she looks like you," Edward said. "Look at all this beautiful dark hair." She did have a lot of hair, a deep chocolate brown. "That's just her hair, though. I think she's too little to see who she looks like. Or maybe I'm just bad at telling." "And look how tiny her fingernails are," Edward continued, not taking his eyes off of her. He grinned when she closed her hand around his finger, and kissed the top of her head. "Do you want to go get the grandparents?" I asked. "They're probably about to bust down the door out there." "I will in a minute. First, I have something for you." I started to protest, but Edward put the baby back into my arms, probably knowing that was the best way to distract me. I held her close as he looked through his bag for something, and I was completely overwhelmed with how much love I felt for this tiny little person I'd only known for such a short period of time. Edward sat back down on the edge of the bed, closer to me this time. "So, since little miss here came early, and I was afraid of that, the first isn't quite complete." He opened the little box in his hand before I could say anything else in protest, revealing a dainty silver bracelet. "I had originally thought I'd be getting a peridot charm, since she was supposed to be due in August. But my mom suggested that I wait to be sure- and she was right. I ordered a ruby charm instead, and I'm going to get an 'M' charm, too." "Thank you, Edward. It's beautiful…really. And such a perfect keepsake. "But you didn't have to-" "I know I didn't, Bella. I wanted to. She might have been a surprise, but Mila is the best thing that has ever happened to me. And I wouldn't have her without you. Thank you for bringing our daughter into the world, and for making me a father." "Thank you," I whispered, my eyes filling with tears all over again. He put the bracelet on my wrist, and then kissed my forehead and Mila's before going out into the waiting room to get the impatient grandparents. My dad stepped into the room first, followed closely by Sue, Esme, and Carlisle. My dad made a beeline for me, immediately leaning down and kissing my cheek. "How's my girl? You doing okay?" "I'm great," I croaked, squeezing his hand. "But your granddaughter wants to meet you." He didn't bother to try and hide his tears as he held her for the first time, and it was obvious that he was already completely in love. "Do you have a name yet?" Esme asked, snapping pictures with her phone already. "Mila," Edward replied proudly. "Mila Catherine." "That's beautiful." It was Sue that spoke first, but everyone else agreed. Edward sat back down next to me as everyone else still had their eyes on the baby, and took my hand in his. "You feel okay?" I laughed slightly, because I was sure that I'd never feel comfortable again. "I'll survive." He smiled sympathetically, and I knew that something between us had shifted- in a good way. I turned my attention back to my dad and Mila, and even though my arms practically ached to hold my daughter again, I wanted them to have this moment together. Sue held her for a few minutes next, and I knew that she and Esme would be an unstoppable force when it came to spoiling Mila. They were her grandmothers, and even though neither of them were my own mother, they would be the best to both of us. Esme and Carlisle claimed her next, and I was worried that I'd never get my baby back after seeing them with her. Carlisle was a big softy, hogging her for most of the time. Esme had continued to take pictures, only stopping when Mila was in her arms. By the time Rosalie, Emmet, Alice, Peter, and Charlotte had come in to meet their niece, I was having a hard time keeping my eyes open. They left after a few minutes so that we could get some rest, promising that they would come back the next day. I watched sleepily as Edward placed Mila in the little hospital bassinet next to my bed. The nurse had offered, more than once, to take her to the nursery for the night, but we had decided against it. It just felt wrong for the three of us to be apart for our first night as a family, even if we'd regret the missed sleep later. That was our first night as a family, and I would never forget the feeling of happiness that came along with it. … … The next morning, we hit the ground running with paperwork. Someone from the hospital came to help us fill out the information for Mila's birth certificate and social security card. Because Edward and I weren't married, there were a few extra steps, so I was thankful for the help. They asked if we wanted a paternity test done first, but we both declined. Instead, Edward and I signed some paperwork acknowledging that he was Mila's biological father, so that he could be listed on the birth certificate. "Mila Catherine Swan-Cullen," I said, testing the name out. "Kind of a mouthful for my tiny little baby, isn't it, little bit?" She just cried, but I didn't mind. "Time to eat again, huh?" Nursing had seemed intimidating at first, but Mila had seemed to get the hang of it quickly. It was still a little uncomfortable, but nothing too awful. I already loved feeding her this way- it somehow made me feel even closer to her. I wouldn't be able to breastfeed her all the time, but I made the most of the opportunity now. We'd already changed our first diaper, which had been a disgusting sight I was sure that would haunt my nightmares. But Mila was healthy, and seemed like a happy baby already. Edward helped me get situated to nurse, then stepped outside to make a few phone calls. It struck me that this was the first time Mila and I had been alone together for more than just a few moments. I smiled down at her, totally in love. "I love you, baby. You're the best thing that's ever happened to me- and I'll bet your daddy would agree. Yes. You're a lucky little baby." She just continued to nurse, and was all finished when Edward came back into the room. "I'll burp her," he said, already tossing a burp rag over his shoulder. I handed her over without complaint, and watched the two of them with a smile. Edward seemed like a natural, and the love he felt for her was obvious. I couldn't have asked for a better father for my daughter. … … We'd had a quiet morning, but the visitors began pouring in again in the afternoon. They all came bearing gifts, too, even though Edward and I had protested. "You're spoiling her," I told my dad, watching as he rocked her back and forth. "It's nothing big, Bella. And if you think I won't be spoiling this little angel for the rest of my life, you're out of your mind." I had to admit, the stuffed dog he'd brought was adorable. So were the clothes- which Sue had helped him pick out. And it was pretty cute to see my dad go completely mushy over his brand new granddaughter, so I couldn't complain too much. Charlotte, Esme, and Carlisle came in shortly after my dad left, bearing one of the largest gift baskets I'd ever seen that was meant for all three of us. Edward had already gotten into the box of cookies they'd included, and I couldn't resist wrapping myself in the plush blanket at the bottom of the basket. "She already looks like you, Bella." Charlotte was sitting on the loveseat by the window with Mila in her arms, and Carlisle and Esme sat on either side of her. "I told you," Edward said, elbowing me gently. "It's the hair, and her nose." "Bella's mouth, too," Esme chimed in. "Such a beautiful baby." "But light eyes." Carlisle smiled at the baby. "Maybe they'll end up green." I hoped so- she was sweet baby blue eyes right now, but I was hoping they'd turn Cullen green as she grew. Peter, Edward, and Emmett all had Carlisle's green eyes, and they were beautiful. "Going home tomorrow, right?" Charlotte asked. Edward nodded. "Yep. She's got eating down pat, and the pediatrician cleared her." "Are you excited to bring her home?" "It's a little scary," I admitted. "But it will be nice to have her at home." "We've got this, Bella," Edward assured me. "If you never need help, I'm just a phone call away. I mean it. I raised three children, and had more sleepless nights than you could imagine," Esme said. "I can stay the night if you ever need me to. Or come by during the day. I know the first couple of days will be good for the three of you to get situated, and I don't want to intrude, but the offer still stands." We thanked her, knowing that there was definitely a possibility that we'd want to use that lifeline. But she was also right about us having time alone. We were a little family, and although Edward and I wanted our families to be close, we did want time for just the three of us. … … Bringing Mila home from the hospital felt monumental, and I felt tears prick my eyes yet again as we walked into the house. Edward had already taken her out of her carried, and was walking around with her. "This is your house, Mila! You've got plenty of room to play and grow. I grew up in this house, too, and let me tell you- it's pretty cool. There's a big backyard, and a park right down the street." I listened to him talk to her for a few minutes, but I was still tired and knew she'd need to nurse soon. Edward helped me settle in with her upstairs in the nursery, in the rocking chair