Disclaimer: None of the characters herein belong to me and I make no monetary gain from them. They are the property of Stephanie Meyer and the Twilight franchise. Author's note: This story is influenced by a line from the film. I like the idea of anitquity and of feeling contrary to the times. "At least we get to go to London. We haven't been there in a long time..." It had been a tremendously long time since he had visited London; the city in which he had been born, transformed and, in the past he had thought, condemned. The last time he had visited had been in 1922, while indulging his wife's request to come here as part of their honeymoon even though he had been more than reluctant. Before that he had never returned since the time he had left as an immortal, going on foot to Dover and swimming from there to Calais. In all honestly, he had been delighted to leave it behind again and to return now, in such difficult circumstances, embittered him. In short, he despised London. Rain, while his ally, was all the more miserable in this dreary city. He looked out of the hotel window as it slanted sideways onto the grey streets. Umbrellas floated below, as if on their own, hiding commuters as they hurried past towards the relative shelter of Covent Garden. The fat droplets coated the glass, impeding even his supernatural vision. He resisted a sigh as he examined the small, cramped streets below. "I love London," she had said absently as they hailed a cab outside the airport and he had so wanted to share her sentiments. When he had awoken in the cellar London had been, he had to acknowledge, a very different place. A filthy, gritty, uproarious town that was home to libertines and puritans alike. The town had been the spiritual home of the divisive Iron Side and his Rump Parliament and a common holiday destination for the Bubonic Plague. It was a practice in contradictions. The centre on which a precarious world spun. Yet, as modern and clean and cosmopolitan as it was now, it still made him feel uneasy. They had left Amun behind in Cairo, with the tentative promise he would travel to Forks with his small coven, and had flown here directly. The sun in Egypt, while a threat, had been a welcome distraction from the worries that troubled them so fully now. London however gave no such embrace and he hated her for it. Before the snow stuck they had to get back home to their family. Before the battle that he was asking all of his friends to commit to he had to find them. Before the Volturi arrived he was praying to his God that some miracle would occur that would not condemn them all to certain death. Even to think of the task left him exhausted. Alistair. He dreaded trying to find Alistair. He was a slippery fellow, and truculent too, so he would have to come up with a strategy to first encourage his friend to agree to talk and secondly to join them. He doubted, in all honesty, if he could find his friend at all if he did not want to be found. If Alistair really wanted to see Carlisle after eighty years he would seek him out. It was, he knew from previous experience, nigh on impossible to track down the paranoid man. It seemed impossible at least. Defeat overwhelmed him. Beside him, dragging him from his bleak revelry, Esme exhaled a breathy little sigh. He stole a look at her face as she sat on the window seat, her legs curled underneath her, her fingers pressed against the glass as she stared intently down onto the street below. There was longing there, though longing for what he could not be sure. He reached out to clasp her shoulder under her coat and the heavy wool was soft under his fingertips. "Where should we start?" She turned her face toward his at her question, a smile pulling the corners of her mouth. He reached out his fingers to caress her cheek. "Alistair doesn't like me," she said suddenly with a sly little smile, "Does he?" It was a ploy to make him laugh and it worked. "I would argue that he is not particularly fond of anyone," he answered with a laugh, "He only considers me a friend because I have never been a threat to him. If anything, he finds me amusing." She shrugged and smiled, turning her face back towards the window, "Where should we start then?" He had thought they should start directly and in fact he had almost foregone the hotel reservation and suggested they go straight from Heathrow. Despite his keenness to begin, his better judgement prevented him from being so reckless. They had a façade to maintain but at times the façade became tedious. Thus under the alias of Mr and Mrs Smith they had checked into their very pleasant, and useless, five star hotel. He longed, deeply, for tedium in this moment. He selfishly resented this intrusion into his tedium now that it had happened so fully. Life had been so smooth for the last century but the last few years had been chaotic in the extreme and he longed, for all that was selfish in him, for the easier times he had taken for granted. Esme had brought him such stability and happiness, then his family had grown to the point where he felt surrounded with peace and security, and he had grown complacent in the normalcy of life. It had been so long since he had been truly alone with his wife that he was reluctant to believe they were in this position now. Yet the circumstances were so contrary to how he would like them that it made him nervous with panic. The longer they were here, the longer they were apart from Renesmee and the others. He thought of fine Italian brogues trampling across newly fallen snow and suppressed a shudder. "It's drawing nearer," she suddenly said, realising his preoccupied silence signalled his panic again, "Isn't it?" "I dread to think of it," he said, his voice straining to form the words, "I am so afraid." It was the first time he had admitted what she already knew. Their trip to Egypt had been at the point where they were determined to be proactive, determined to see only the positives of their situation. He often witnessed this in patients; determination at the start before true acceptance, then black reality piled on top as they suddenly realised their predicament. Sometimes patients fought their way out of it where others simply submitted. At least he knew they had no choice but to fight their way out of their terror. That was a small, pitiful comfort. She simply reached for his hand and said, "As am I." Peace, like warmth, filled him. That was the wonderful thing about his wife; that she could be so profound with nothing but honesty. She had already brought him comfort where he thought he could never be comforted. She had banished his loneliness and pain, refused them any tenure in him, and had made him safe in her heart and arms. She turned back to the glass with a stuttering little grumble that was a precursor to weeping falling from her lips. He wanted, as she had, to take her pain away. "It's raining," he submitted to his impulse, "And we can find Alistair tomorrow if he is not already seeking us out – he is a tracker after all. Shall we go out in London? You know Covent Garden has the most fantastic antique shops. It's shallow, I know, but I could do with some distraction." She twisted her head, her eyes big with fear still, and smiled a watery smile. "You're so lovely Carlisle, to want to let me be indulgent, but we should make a start." "No," he said more emphatically than he had intended, "No, to spend a few hours will make no difference. Alistair will not be found if he does not want to. Surely you see the futility in searching for him when he will have already decided? You could have a few hours, doing your most favourite thing, in your most favourite city. It would ease your mind. It would ease mine." She cocked her eye brow then, "It eases your mind? You hate shopping." He nodded, already knotting his scarf around his neck and making quick work of the buttons on the front of his coat, "It is decided my dear. And look at that dreadful weather. We would be fools to ignore a glorious day like this." She handed him his gloves, then his hat, "If anyone were to overhear us, they would think us insane." "Who is to say we are not?" They found themselves gliding along the slick streets, then cobbles, leading to Covent Garden. So used to this foul weather, the whole place was still awash with life as lunchtime descended on London. Vendors had pulled their stalls and tables under huge striped awnings but that aside, people still went about their daily business. It made it so much easier to blend in as they weaved their way through the crowds, arms linked. Their first stop was a bookshop which caught his eye, as bookshops always did. In the window was a first edition of Jude the Obscure, mounted on a little stand above the rest. Dusty and weathered, a copy of Hobbes' Leviathan lay on a velvet cushion beside it. His passion for books did not stop at the first-editions and obscurities that he collected but he did enjoy the rarity of such a find. He was just fascinated with any book he could lay his hand on. Not long ago he had purchased the only known edition of Geographia Cosmographia at an auction in Sotheby's, through an anonymous dealer of course, but he was not restricted to rare books and curious. "If you could," she said dryly, "You would salivate. Why don't we go in?" He laughed a little, then pointed to the Leviathan and said quietly, "I was already an immortal when that was being penned. That book is younger than me." She was already pushing her way in the door, the little bell tinkling to signal their arrival. Inside it was musty and damp but perfectly curated, the books pristinely ordered in both alphabetical order and order of value. He was examining a copy of Gray's Anatomy that was almost mint-condition when the owner of the shop wandered over. "There aren't many," he said, "But we've had a few." His accent was typically British, hints of the East End sneaking into the purposefully Chelsea intonation. Here, at least, Carlisle could indulge in his genuine, odd accent too. "I am a doctor," Carlisle answered, "I have a first edition but it is much worn and it is American, 1859, not British." Of course it was very worn – it had been bought on the day of publication in 1859 from Johns Hopkins' bookstore by his own hands, then stored on many study shelves and leafed through many times. When the time came it had been shared by Rose and Edward and admired as a curio. He wondered if it might be amusing to tell the owner he had, in fact, corresponded with the author on the book itself. He still had those letters stowed away in the attic. "How much is this one?" "Six thousand pounds," the man answered, dejectedly, opening the little glass cabinet with his cotton-gloved hands despite his clear belief that there was no point in doing so. "Already darling?" Esme had wandered over to him, a tatty 99 pence Art Deco book with no cover tucked under her arm. She wore a teasing smile as she too examined the book he