Disclaimer - None of the characters belong to me. T he Twilight saga belongs to Stephanie Meyer and her affiliates and I make no profit from these stories. This applies to all of the chapters. Author's note: It seemed really odd to me that Carlisle would buy Esme an island. Yes, he is generous but the purchase of an island seems so out of character. Thus I decided to give him a legitimate reason to do so in this chapter story. I took a little artistic license when writing, only with small details. In BD it says he bought her it as a gift – no mention of honeymoon, as there is in some sources – so I'm going to accept that as canon and run with it. Finally I'd like to say that I do love reviews. Reviews are good for writers and I am grateful for them. I am also relatively new to this, so they help. 1952 He sighed a little, pulling the windows closed as the dazzling sun danced across Cincinnati. The house was reclusive enough that it meant there was no chance of being seen by an outsider however it did mean that he had phoned the hospital and excused himself from his shift under the pretence of debilitating flu; there was no escaping the rare sun. He was spared a large serving of guilt though because he had no surgeries scheduled for the day ahead, and instead had planned to be cooped up in his office catching up on the abundance of paper work which seemed to haunt him and preparing his lectures for the coming week. With a resigned sigh he realised he could do that here and, with this in mind, turned round to make his way to his study. At least he could rope Edward into helping him with the lectures in particular - considering he could not attend school today either - and maybe Rose would grace them with her presence to criticise their work. He laughed lightly, thinking of his daughter's harsh criticism of anything and everything that they came up with for his lectures on anatomy; she simply enjoyed riling them and while she achieved this with Edward, Carlisle simply indulged her and wrote what he wanted to anyway. The sweet, melodious humming of his wife caught him off guard though as he trod the familiar path to his study and he directly changed his course, following her voice instead. She was humming what would be considered an old tune now, but to him it felt as fresh and familiar as it had in 1922. They had danced to it once, in the beautiful ballroom of the ship on the transatlantic crossing to their honeymoon. He remembered the wonder that graced her delightful face as she had stepped onto the dreary docks at Southampton. If he had given in to her, they would have remained in London the entire time and never moved on to Paris or Venice as intended. She had loved the miserable weather, meaning they could go out all day and not be afraid of the sun exposing them as the creatures they were. But even more than the rain, his wife loved the sun on those rare times where she could enjoy it unimpeded. She was standing at the large oak table in the kitchen, her back facing him, the kitchen doors thrown open as the sunlight danced in to their home. She was swaying to the tune she was humming, her foot tapping lightly against the tiled floor. She looked, he allowed himself to think, like one of those magazine's covers that the girls bought in abundance. Tiny little waste, a fully skirt that seemed more problematic than it was worth when he watched her don thick tulle underskirts each morning, pretty heels which accentuated her legs. She looked lovely. His wife always looked lovely but at times, he would have said she was desirable rather than simply lovely. This moment was one such occasion. Before her, on the table, there were piles of damp clothing. Having three boys who were utterly careless and two girls who were utterly frivolous meant piles and piles of never-ending laundry. He walked up behind her and, reaching around her waist, reached for the first thing he laid his hands on; one of his work shirts. While Alice despised their wearing the same clothing more than once, he absolutely refused to allow such utter wastefulness in his home. This was one of his favourite shirts and Alice simply hated it. "Ohh!" She let out a little squeal and turning round, smiled her dazzling smile. He kissed her forehead quickly, then with simple relish, joined her in her task. "Absorbed in your task my dear?" She made a hum of affirmation at the back of her throat and then continued. He began folding the damp washing, moving to stand beside her. Despite his age tallying up into the hundreds, Carlisle was far from chauvinistic in his approach to domestic work within their home. She was as equal to him in his mind, and if she did not appear to be the coven leader, it was simply because she did not want to be. His decisions were always made on the advice of his wife and they were always the right ones to make because of this. She kept their home beautifully, but if she had demanded he order her servants, or indeed she demanded he do every chore himself, he would have complied with her wishes simply to make her happy. Esme smiled at him sweetly as she watched his hands folding one shirt after another, at a human pace. He felt pleased with her scrutiny and evident amusement. "You are always so good at folding laundry," she sighed jokingly, "Almost half as much as your sons are good at making laundry." He lifted up one of Edward's blue shirts, "Yes, they are rather productive in that respect. Perhaps we should veto their tree climbing to save on torn trousers." "And curb their energy," she said caustically, "How could we be so cruel?" "Very easily," he held out a ripped pair of slacks, then threw them with ease into the bin, "Thank goodness Alice has a handle on the stock markets; they would exhaust our coffers within months with the number of trousers they ruin. I fear even my accumulated wealth could not support them for more than a decade at this rate." She laughed lightly, returning the basket to its space beside the sink and dragging her hands down the pristine white apron that she wore over her dress. He scooped the newly folded pile into his arm, nodding towards the little airing cupboard which she kept unseasonably warm in order to dry their clothing, "Would you like it hung in there my love?" "No!" She exclaimed, "Carlisle look outside. It's a glorious, need I say unusual, day in Cincinnati. You cannot possibly underestimate the delight of clothes dried in the sun and wind. We shall go outside." He laughed at her passion, perplexed by the utter excitement that such a simple pleasure could create in his wife. "Come on," she scooped the other pile into her arms, which was almost the same colour as her delightfully pale skin, "Let's make the most of it." Their garden was vast, and the outlying forest and countryside was even more expansive. The first half acre of garden was beautifully tended to by Esme but as the rest of it expanded it became less tame and more natural, leading them into the darkness of the woods. "Oh Carlisle," she suddenly stopped half way down the path, "We have no washing line!" He turned to look at her and trying as vainly as possible not to be dazzled by the sinister glittering of her skin, smiled pityingly. The childish disappointment on her face almost rendered him pained, and he felt immediately that the only way to solve it was improvised chivalry. "A moment, my darling, then I will ensure you have what you need," he placed the washing in her arms and dashed towards the outhouse in which they kept their cars. Rosalie had recently developed an interest in auto mobiles, after Emmett had purchased a very ostentatious, not to mention expensive, scarlet Chevy. Edward and Emmett were ensconced under the hood, staring at the internal workings of the car as Rosalie rooted about in a nearby toolbox. The garage was cool and dark and he was puzzled as to why they would be inside on a day like this. Unlike their father, they liked to be out in the sun because they were not irrationally frightened of being seen. Alice and Jasper had already made their excuses to the forest, most likely heading for the most isolated – and sun-soaked- spot they could find within a decent distance of the house. "Look at that engine," Emmett whistled lowly, "Every time I – oh, hey Carlisle." "Good morning," he began rooting around distractedly in the drawer to his left, "How are we?" "Well," Edward's distracted answer made him suddenly aware of the scrutiny he was under form his three children. He looked up and smiled at them, still feeling around in the untidy drawer. "Carlisle," Rosalie moved towards him, "What are you doing? You never come in here." "Oh," he pulled out a rather musty ball of twine, "Looking for, and successfully finding, this!" "Right, ok," Rose simply shrugged, dipping her head over the engine, "There must be a way to make it even faster Emmett." He was pleased with his find, delighted that he could give her even the silliest of requests. "Carlisle," Edward questioned, a laugh lacing his voice, "You're making a washing line?" "Yes," he answered, holding out the twine, "Esme wants to hang the abundance of washing outside." Edward pulled a face, "How the sun meddles with even the most serious of minds." "You old romantic," Emmett cuffed him on the shoulder, "I think it is very decent Carlisle." "Thank you Emmett," he laughed as he dashed out, "Bare in mind it is for your clothes!" He found her exactly as he had left her only a minute before, her hands outstretched under the bundle of washing. He went to a far away oak and began wrapping the twine at speed around the trunk, then when he was satisfied with his initial work, moved over to the little hooks on which her hanging baskets hung on either side of the kitchen doors, and tied it there too. It stretched across the entire garden; giving her a lengthy washing line. She smiled brightly at him, then offered him his original pile. "I have a vague recollection," she said softly as they began unfurling the bright clothes over the line, "Of running through swathes of washing on the farm, in my human life. It was near the orchard." He smiled gently at her, "Your recollections are vivid. I know that nothing in London was as..." he held up a bright white sleeve, "Clean." She giggled, "Mmmm, it is next to Godliness apparently. That is why I always keep your clothes so sparkling; reflecting your true personality." He tried to hide his embarrassment at such a truly blasphemous, but genuine, compliment. At times he could not feel further from God if he tried but Esme often made him feel a little more legitimate in his belief that there was something else after this. He tried for another tact, mimicking Edward,"Sun has the most bizarre effect on some people." Having already finished her task, and stepping back to admire the now full line, watched as he threw his last garment over the twine, "I do miss the sun so very much Carlisle." "I know darling," he smiled, rubbing his now damp hands on his trousers, "Let us enjoy it today then." "Really?" Carlisle was, by his nature, a conservative man. In