None of the characters herein belong to me and everything is the intellectual property of Stephenie Meyer. I love writing about these 2 characters. 2006 The sun was resting low across the horizon, painting Forks in a deep amber glow, decorating the morning with a deliciously blood-coloured hue. She traced her fingers across the velvet drapes, impressed that after 80 years they still looked new as they hung perfectly at either end of the window. This kind of quality, after years of looking for things that lasted, appealed to her. She heard footsteps, then the soft closing of the door and the weight of a briefcase being perched upon the phone table. The fresh scent of the New England Journal of Medicine, to which her husband had contributed this month, blended through the old and worn leather. She must have been distracted, because normally she heard the purr of his engine before she heard his footsteps. Of course, if she was being fully honest with herself, she was distracted. Below her, in the garden, the open space was being prepared for the wedding. The boughs of weeping willows were lush and thick, sweeping the ground with their graceful tentacles. If she had been so inclined, she might have sketched the silence of the world before her, but today she felt uninspired. The garden looked forlorn and lonely and it made it hear heart heavy. Later in the morning and over the next few days it would be very busy so she knew she had to take this time for herself. Yet when she was alone, they very thought of it all became painful and she wanted desperately to be distracted. She turned from the window, glad that his shift was over and that he was in their home again. Her logic very much told her that she was able to protect herself, that her body was made entirely for survival, yet his being away made her feel vulnerable. She was afraid in those moments of loneliness, when he was being unavoidably and infinitely kind to all the humans he came into contact with but was, by virtue of that, separate from her. He was her protector, as much as she did not require it. She padded from their bedroom, her feet reaching the bottom of the stairs just as he emerged from the closet in which all of their coats hung. He had yet to remove his scarf and she took it upon herself to do it for him, savouring the feel of the rich wool against her fingers. She had found the smell, the fine perfume of human blood, tainted by medicines and the humming electricity of medical equipment, irresistible at first. It was always stronger if he had been operating and on those occasions it was underlined with the tangy, sterile smell of surgical metal. He had not brought his lab coats home until they had been married for 20 years but even at that, the scent wove itself into the fabric of his expensive shirts and clung to the pressed lines of his trousers. It burned the back of her throat, an acidic tang that she wanted to claw at. "Good morning, my dear," he caught his hand in his and in the privacy of the morning, when all the children were locked away or dreaming through the night hours, he stole this opportunity divest a kiss on her upturned wrist, just where her pulse should have been. If it had been there, it would have raced against the softness of his lips. It had the ability to weaken her with a futility that was still new, still fresh. The gentle strength which was carried on his lips, which empowered his healing hands, that laced his every thought and promise and idea, was strong enough to render her helpless. She pressed herself to him, drank him in as he murmured softly against her ear. There were no tangible, cogent words – instead they were soft, gentle noises of comfort and reassurance. "Forgive me but I missed you tonight," she whispered. "Hush, there is little to forgive," he assured, watching as she folded his scarf between her fingers deftly, leaving it on the sideboard, "I am flattered that, after nearly a century of marriage, you still desire me so entirely." "Yes, Carlisle, it is debilitating," she agreed, a smile of humour turning the corners of her mouth. He laughed a little then,a gentle chuckle that he reserved plainly for her, and she could feel him coming back to her, leaving the hospital and the humans behind and returning to her heart. He motioned with a soft bow of his head to the back garden, "How are the plans developing?" "They are going well," she answered, "And Bella left just after you departed for work. Her mother arrives this morning so she is, understandably, excited." "Ah, I see. That is understandable," he agreed, taking her hand in his. While they did not eat and while they did not sleep, they had fallen into a routine which they both relished anyway because of its very simplicity. They needed routine as individuals, and as a couple it allowed them to simulate a semblance of humanity that otherwise might have driven them wild. When Carlisle had departed the evening before, she settled into the routine of the wife who's husband worked night shifts on rotation every six months. She hated these six months more than anything else in her eternity because the nights just seemed so much longer. She read for a while, sitting in her seat by the fire in his library, then changed into bed clothes and, as always in his absence, climbed into his side of the bed and relished in the warm scent of leather and vanilla and gold that bled from there. Then she allowed herself to float into her dreaming, not entirely awake but also unable to fully fall into the arms of elusive sleep. How she envied the mortals their precious sleep. Entirely still and quiet she lay on her side, thinking through every memory she possessed; most of them revolving around their children or the doctor. Recently her dreams had been following the same relentless pattern, the same filmic interpretation of Edward's up and coming wedding - not only his wedding but his marriage and the future he had with Isabella. She did not fear it would not work well for them but as a mother, despite the lack of biological ties, she was anxious that it should be as beautiful for Edward and Bella as the other marriages her son was surrounded by. Thus, this daydreaming had become a routine too – one she wished to share with her husband. But there was something else in her musings that made it feel more like longing and that emotion embarrassed her. She could not, would not, share that with Carlisle. They made their way, as always, through the sitting room and out onto the porch where there were two seats. Here, in the morning, they would exchange the ordinary conversations that were the norm in every marriage. He would explain how work had unfolded, if he didn't feel he should keep it to his heart, and she would encourage him to share it as if it really mattered to her. Because, unequivocally, it did. She examined his eyes in the soft hue of the morning and realised the tell-tale shade of onyx was far more evident than it normally was. Her husband was hungry, he was thirsty and she couldn't recall the last time he had fed. "Carlisle," she whispered, "When last did you hunt?" He rubbed his pale fingers over his brow, "3 weeks ago." "Darling," she struggled to keep her concern from her voice, "You need to feed." He waved his hand lightly, smiling softly and it put her immediately at ease. Carlisle knew his limits intimately, just as much as he knew everyone else's around him, and he would not push himself unless he could really tolerate it. "I agree," he said gently, "But I would rather like my mate to join me." He rarely referred to her as his mate and when he did, his implication was not missed. It was a quirk in their relationship that was known only to them. Perhaps to Edward, she thought wryly, since they could not prevent him knowing everything despite trying rather furiously. There were undertones there that implied a feral attitude; a side of himself Carlisle was more than reluctant to indulge. She smiled shyly , though not without intent. "Yes, yes my love," she whispered, "But I rather like this night gown and I would hate to snag it on a loose branch. You know how it would upset Alice. Will you let me change?" He nodded his consent and sat back in his chair, breathing in the world around him. She paused to admire him for a moment, in the giddy way that the young girl had as the doctor tended to her leg. The line of his jaw was fine and solid as he rested, his lips pressed together in silent prayer, his lengthy eye lashes flickering on his cheeks. "Esme," he finally muttered, a smile of extreme shyness whispering across the bottom of his face, "Please stop my dear, and go and change into something more fit for hunting." She laughed a little and made her way back inside. "I feel chastened for admiring my husband," she revealed, tying her hair back from her face with a soft pink ribbon as they stood at the edge of the wood. The forest rustled with life, beckoning them forward with a magnetic pull that still, till this day, frightened her. She was now more appropriately dressed and her husband had changed too, though Carlisle struggled to dress appropriately to look like a human. He owned only pressed dress trousers and soft cashmere sweaters and richly made shirts. He had failed to notice, even in his incredible cleverness, that men his age did not dress like that. He looked at her seriously, then a look of embarrassment rested across his brow, "Oh but Esme it's not that I do not enjoy it, simply that I cannot cope with such open...admiration. At least, not from the one woman I want to admire me." "Ah, the age old problem of vampiric beauty," she laughed, taking off before her husband could realise he was about to be left behind. They ran at an exhilarating pace, pleased to have escaped the confines of their home and the immediacy of the wedding. In the initial days of their courting they had done this more but as they had relaxed into a routine, and into the parenthood which had become central to their life, they did not hunt together often. His shifts, and lack of appetite, did not call for it and she preferred to hunt alone when everyone was occupied. There was a familiarity in their hunt though, a divine understanding of the other's habits and needs. A divine understanding of how difficult they both found it. Before long they picked up the scent of a herd of deer and for the first time that morning she witnessed how truly thirsty her husband was. He took off after them, usually the slowest of the entire coven, and was a blur of speed as he did so. He was quick to pounce on the largest deer in the herd, brinigng the gentle animal to the ground with a deafening thud as the others ran from their hunters. Quickly, with overflowing compassion, he snapped the animal's neck. The murder was both delicate and horrid and it still managed to turn her stomach slightly; seeing her gentle husband made aggressive by his nature as the the silence of the woods was ruined by the snap. "Please," he ran his hand across the deer's neck as it lay motionless, the