This is my first foray into the world of Twilight. I have always been fascinated by Esme and Carlisle, and while this story revolves around Edward, it is an examination of their relationship from their son's point of view. Please enjoy it. From here, which for miles seemed like the very top of the world, there was nothing but the intensity of nature. A snap of a twig, the soft hopping of a tiny mammal, the damp humming of the earth as it moved and shifted below him. The waterfall rushed into the darkness of the river pool below - with urgency he could understand as it did so; eager to marry with the water underneath. Even when he hunted he would pause here to observe all the points of the earth meeting in one violent, glorious collision. Hard earth melted to a muddy softness in the river and the arms of trees bent to tickle its surface, rippling the water even more as it rushed past. If he rotated 90 degrees his eyes met the tops of the mountains, virginal with snow and pointing teasingly towards the weakness of the sun. The world above Forks, Washington was beautiful and only they were lucky enough to see it regularly. They. His family. He cast his eyes towards Bella, who leaned against the ancient and huge trunk of a nearby tree, her brown eyes fixated on the waterfall that danced down the facing cliff. A rush of wind swept past her, lifting her hair so it curled around her face in the breeze and whipped against her blood-infused cheeks. The gust reached him seconds afterwards, forcing her scent into his nostrils, filling his senses until it spilled over and became so powerful that venom gathered on the surface of his tongue and he was petrified that it would trickle from the corners of his mouth. He had carried her up here, at her request, her arms locked around his neck and her face pressed into the crook of his cold shoulder. In recent days she had grown distant and he knew what was troubling her. Not for the first time in their relationship he was desperate to read her mind, even though he upheld the belief that he thoroughly understood her fear without needing to see it at all. Their wedding, after all, was only 3 days away. She had not necessarily been the typical bride but she had been coping until the high heels. That was when her despondency had settled over her, wrapped around her shoulders like a cloak and dressing her in silence. Pieces of art, Alice had presented the shoes to her that very morning with the best of intentions. Edward, while understating his lovely sister's good deed fully, often was irritated by Alice's insistence that Bella conform to what she thought a girl should want. Bella had played along initially, attempting to be the enthusiastic bride as she teetered between the parlour and the kitchen and Carlisle and Esme watched with quiet amusement. As the morning wore on though she had grown tired and less optimistic and he could sense that those heels had begun to represent to worst of her worries. He could hear, from his position in front of his piano, that Alice was growing frustrated and that Carlisle was growing worried and that Esme, faithful as ever, was sharing her husband's concern. His hands tensed over the ivory keys and the Steinway had fallen silent as he had listened to the worry of those he loved ruminating over the one who's thoughts he had no chance of knowing. So when Bella had requested that he take her away for a few hours, he had wilfully abandoned the piano to grant her small request. She had gladly slipped her worn, and altogether tomboyish, trainers on and jumped on his back and quietly settled her face in his neck. He had carried her, smoothly and quickly, to the quietest place he knew. It was not an entirely selfless decision to bring her here. They had established a precedent here at the top of the world. It was the opposite of the meadow in which he had proposed and where they had shared so many whispered secrets and where the sun had danced freely across his skin. Here instead, in those first frantic days of courtship, he had shared with her those details of his transformation at his father's hands. Just below this spot, in the denseness of the woods, he had illustrated to her exactly what he was capable of and yet she had remained persistent. His beautiful human to whom he was about to be bound in matrimony. He was sure that if he could read her mind, he would find things there he did not want to find. He knew, that if he looked hard enough and burrowed into the darkest corners of her brain, he would stumble across the doubt that she was so clearly feeling. Bella was doubting her decision to marry him. If he had a heart, it would have ached with fear at the very thought. He had spent many restless nights debating the muscle that drove humans, equivalent to a well-tuned engine, with his father. Carlisle was adamant that the heart still reacted, the metaphorical heart remained, even if the organ had lay still and dormant within his breast for years. Edward so desperately wanted to believe him; even if he found it relentlessly impossible to do so. The venom on his tongue remained and the silence between them grew, stretching out into the vast cavern of eternity that promised itself to them. "Thank you for bringing me here," she finally interrupted, her brow furrowed, "I was getting tired." "I miss getting tired," he did not mean to sound forlorn but he realised it was too late to change his tone. She smiled a little and tipped her head to the side which he found really very endearing. This would have been his whole focus if he hadn't been so disconcerted by her worry. Bella didn't generally share her anguish but it was so concentrated that she was wearing it like a proud badge of honour, despite her desire not to. She was examining her engagement ring; angling it so it caught the dull light at different points. It was a thorough examination based around precision. She has once told him she loved it because it reminded her of his skin in sunlight; shining white and rainbow pinpoints. "Have you ever really wondered why I insist on us getting married?" She lifted her head from her musings to look at him, "Yes." "And?" She seemed to consider his question, even though she obviously had thought it through from her quick response previously. She shrugged and even though it was not intended to seem dismissive, a little part on him was inclined to take it that way. It hurt him and amused him at the same time. "I suppose it's because you're old fashioned," she finally answered. He smiled despite himself at her accusation, even though she didn't meant it as such. On the morning of the day he had proposed to her he had gone to Carlisle to seek counsel and the one thing he knew that his father had lovingly brought from his life before; his real mother's engagement ring, taken in the moments before her body was taken to the mortuary. The blond man's head was bowed over his oak desk, his fountain pen scratching along modern paper as he scribbled furiously, a hum of contentment mumbling at the back of his throat. No matter how hard his father tried, he could not get used to ball-points and the only place where Carlisle consistently failed to hide his antiquity was in the looping, elaborate scrawl of his hand. The older man heard him approaching and setting the pen aside, looked up at him with the same smile he had used to greet him for all eternity. The smile was somewhere between fatherly affection and disapproving amusement and it was the smile with which Carlisle greeted all of his children. Edward had often wondered if he used it to put patients at ease, since it seemed to work to this effect on everyone else. If only, he thought to himself, you could read my mind today Carlisle. His father had listened patiently, the serenity of his face both irritating and amusing Edward. Carlisle had a habit of jutting out his jaw and biting his lower lip when he listened closely to something, a habit he had developed while attempting to mimic humans, and he maintained that face throughout Edward's little speech. Then, with ill-concealed delight he fulfilled Edward's wish by going to the dresser at the far side of his study and producing a small velvet box. He had told him he could not be more proud of the decision he was making and Edward had not doubted the sincerity of his words. His father, the man who had brought him to this very point, held him then. "That is somewhat true," he conceded, forcing himself to have this conversation with Bella and move away from nostalgia, "But there is more to it than that." "Oh?" He couldn't tell if she was genuinely curious or merely accommodating him but his desire to share this with her far outweighed his desire to be sure she wanted to hear it. "Yes," he stayed exactly where he was, trying to grasp the words swirling around in head and force them into forming a cogent thought, "When I was first turned I detested God and I struggled Bella. You can't know how I struggled to believe in what Carlisle believed. You know how I chose to..." His words abandoned him then and he detested them for it. He had thought himself clever with words until he had stumbled across his beautiful human. She had rendered them useless, found the out to be the charlatans that they were and made him mute. They would not come. "When you had your 'teenage' rebellion," she continued dryly and he was forced to smile because the very thought of what he had done made him want to weep. "Yes, you could call it that..." "It doesn't bother me," she whispered emphatically, "I really mean it." He moved towards her, the venom having dissipated and neutralised in his mouth. He sat down on the damp earth and motioned for her to rest on his lap. She did so, a small smile on her face. His desire to be near her was always strong but, at times like this, it grew insatiable. He wanted to blame it on the instincts of a predator, the desire that his kind had to consume their prey entirely. Carlisle had assured him though that it was simply the curse of being a man in love with a woman. This revelation frightened him even more in it inexorable enormity because it could not be blamed on breed. It was sinful to want her so much yet it was a sin he was very willing to commit. "I know it doesn't bother you," he whispered, "And I am content with that Bella. The reason I wish to marry you so badly is because I believe that it is important to do so..." he struggled over the words, "In the eyes of God." He watched her reaction and while it may have been imperceptible to a human, it was evident to him as astonishment danced across her face, creasing her eyes and curling her mouth. "You sound like Carlisle," she finally muttered, breaking the tension a little. He nodded through his embarrassment, "I never believed in marriage. I was a product of the turn of the century when men started to question and Darwin was being considered a reasonable theoretician and I was angry at the world, and at Carlisle, for making me what