The bell above the door rang, then stopped abruptly as if it had been strangled. "We're closed!" yelled a voice from the back room. When there was no subsequent noise of the person leaving, Hermione Granger walked back into her customer area, and looked for the culprit. She didn't have to look far. Severus Snape, ex-teacher at Hogwarts, was standing beside her cabinet of pigments and scowling as if he had always disapproved of that particular shade of pink. Hermione decided that, for once, closing times could be ignored. Just this once. She managed to assume an air of helpfulness, and walked briskly towards her customer. But as she opened her mouth to ask "How may I be of assistance?" his left hand came up in the time-honoured sign for stop , while he himself continued grimacing at the jars of hues. So she stopped, and waited. He must have been in a generous mood, if that were even possible. His voice was calm and measured, not gruff or snarky as she had expected. "Miss Granger. You may not ask my problem. I shall tell you, then you will inform me if a solution is possible, if you can provide that solution, and the cost. There is no need for overblown friendliness, excessive civility, or any comfortable falsehoods for the sake of custom. Are we clear?" There was silence for a moment, then his hand was struck down by a rather forceful blow. He turned to see a furious woman glaring at him with enough pent-up anger to intimidate an entire Quidditch team. Luckily, Severus Snape had had plenty of experience with that level of infuriation, and knew to wait for a response rather than trying to talk over it. He did not have to wait long. "Severus Snape. You do not come waltzing into my shop, dictating your requirements as if I were one of your house-elves. You do not order me around, and you certainly do not tell me how to behave. I have been told to be quiet, sit down, cheer up, help people and not upset the situation by nastier people than you, and you do not intimidate me in the slightest. Not any more. So you have two choices. You can either apologise and start again, or you can leave. Now." Had the temperature of the atmosphere dropped any lower, the entire global climate warming problem could have been solved by just opening the door. But Severus Snape had faced an entire room of pissed-off Death Eaters, and managed to calm them down. He knew what to do. "My apologies, Miss Granger. It was wrong of me to dictate to you. Perhaps we could start again?" There was a pause, then a long indrawn breath. It was released incredibly slowly, as Hermione attempted to regain her calm. "Right. Let us start. You first." Severus passed his hand across his eyes, as if to wipe the previous scene and start anew. "Miss Granger. Thank you for letting me remain after closing hours. I find myself in need of your services, as I have a rather unique problem." Looking him over, Hermione was puzzled. "This is an artists' shop. I sell canvasses, pigments and paints, drawing materials and frames for wizarding artists to make magical pictures. What could a potions expert like yourself possibly want that you couldn't make yourself?" Severus did not reply. He merely started rolling up his sleeve, exposing a tattoo that Hermione had not seen for years. The Dark Mark had not faded nor spread, but sat as clearly on his skin as it had the day it was put in there. "You wish it removed?" "It is a tattoo, Miss Granger. It cannot be removed. And while a normal tattoo could possibly be removed by taking off the skin, this magical tattoo will not allow even that choice." "What choices do we have, then?" "That is what I came to you for." "Oh." Hermione took his arm and looked more closely. She had seen a few tattoos in her time, from the home-etched love heart that Teddy Lupin had put on his forearm with a pin and a bottle of ink to the ornate dragons that gambolled around Charlie Weasley. All around Charlie. Ahem. This, though, was unlike any of them. The mark looked more etched or burned than needle-drawn, and was a deep, impenetrable black. "Does it still hurt?" "No, not any more." "How did he put it there? The method may help with the removal." Severus shuddered. "It is burned in. The tip of the Dark Lord's wand traces the Mark's outline, then the rest of the pattern fills in magically. And at the time, the pain was incredible. But that, at least, has gone." Hermione led Severus over to the counter, bade him sit down, and laid his arm on a patch of felt she had there for sorting shiny objects. Small patches of shimmering pigment clung to the edge of the felt, and Severus knew he was going to have glitter embedded in his robes when he got home, whether he wanted to or not. He sighed in resignation, and watched as Hermione went to a small bench and mixed up two different solutions. Then she brought them back, and took two brushes and a fine pen from a drawer. "What are you doing?" "I have some ideas, but I don't know which ones will work." Hermione swirled the first solution, then dipped a long sable-haired brush in it and dabbed it on her own skin. "The tattoo is here, not there, Miss Granger." She smiled. "Hermione." "Her.. oh. Yes. Hermione. But the tattoo is on my arm, not yours." She grinned. "I know. I'm just checking I haven't accidentally made this solvent too strong, or dangerously caustic. If it doesn't sting in a minute, I know I have it right. And while we're waiting, you can tell me what you've tried so far." "Oh, the usual," he replied. "Summoning the ink out of it, cleansing potions, bleaches, re-inking it, blowtorches, sandpaper…" "Blow…" Then she noticed the slight smile. "Tease." "Perhaps. Forgive me, Miss Gr … Hermione. It has been a source of some irritation for too long, and I was transferring my own frustrations to you. How is the solvent?" "Non-caustic." Hermione turned her forearm to him, and he saw that the glistening of the solvent and no irritation. "But tell me if this hurts at all." She drew a thin line with the pen about two-fifths of the way up the tattoo, then carefully traced all the Mark below that line with the paintbrush. The solution ran along the Mark's indentations, filling it with glistening liquid that spread itself slowly over the surface of the tattoo. Then she took the pen and drew another line two-fifths of the way from the top of the tattoo. Using the second brush, she proceeded to cover the top section of the Mark with a fine skin-coloured pigment that completely covered it. "I take it the middle section is a control?" "You know, it's quite possible you have a brain in your head too." "Know-it-all." But he smiled as he said it. "The top section?" "Is merely a cover-up. It will not last more than a week, but I thought we'd use that until we know what removes the pigment permanently. And I expect the bottom to make a difference over the next week. You may wash it, but don't use any alcohol or bleach on any of the tattoo. " "Clever." He waited until the entire area had dried, then rolled down his sleeve. "I should have asked earlier. What is this going to cost me?" "Ten Galleons per time, plus materials, and I get to call you Severus." For a moment, the grump was back, but then he nodded and fished a purse out of his pocket. "Do you take the new notes?" Hermione held out her hand. "Indeed. Today's will just be the straight ten Galleons, as it's our first try. And if it starts hurting, or burning, or anything strange happens, come back immediately and I'll check on it. Otherwise, would you like to come back next Tuesday, and we'll see how it went?" "I'll see you then." Severus watched as Hermione put the Ten Galleon note in the till, where a number of other new banknotes rested. Then, when she looked up and caught his eye, he nodded and left. The next Tuesday, Hermione had her ingredients ready by five, although the shop didn't shut for another half hour. She laid a clean felt on the table, and was just clearing away some damaged mixing pots from the "seconds" table when the bell jangled. "I don't know what you did to it last week," she said without turning, "but it took us three days to get it to ring again. "It's a talent. Unfortunately, not one I seem to be able to apply to students or babbling idiots." Severus strode over to the desk, and sat himself at the felted end. He waited until she sat opposite him, though, before rolling his sleeve up and showing her the results. The lower section of the tattoo was a shiny version of what it had been before. Hermione gasped. "I've never seen it do…" As she reached to touch it, Severus pressed into the end of the tattoo. In one piece, the shiny layer came loose and dropped onto the desk, where it broke into several pieces. Under it, the tattoo was as dark as ever. "Oh." " Oh indeed." "I would say," mused Hermione, "that the tattoo rejected the solution entirely, and drew it all to the surface where it coalesced." "That was my guess too." Severus drew the rest of his sleeve up, showing the top half. "And you can see what has happened to the pigment." "Exactly as I had expected." Hermione ran her fingers over the Mark which showed in the upper section through the covering pigment. Severus suddenly hissed with an indrawn breath, and she stopped. "I'm terribly sorry – did that hurt a great deal?" "No, it … it's fine, Hermione. Just a strange sensation." Severus picked at a little piece of skin that had flaked on the side. "What was your plan for today?" "I have a tiny flask of phoenix tears that I thought I'd try on the lower half – diluted, of course. And a new cover of pigment on the top." "Then do it." Severus braced himself, and Hermione mixed the vial of tears with a dropper of something bright and silvery, drew on latex gloves and added a pinch of a ground grey powder. The mix made a strange bubbling noise and Hermione immediately smeared the resulting ointment on the lower section of the tattoo. "Why the gloves? Is it poisonous?" Severus took one of Hermione's hands and examined it closely. "Not at all," she replied. "I just didn't want to waste any of it on my own skin. The blend is rather volatile, and is absorbed very quickly. In fact, by the time I've prepared the pigment for the top, we should know what the result is." She went quickly to the side cabinet and began making up the pigment as Severus ran his finger down the area she had touched earlier. Oddly, it didn't react the same way to his own touch – there was none of the tingle and strange thrill that had accompanied her own gentle caress. He removed his hand quickly when she returned, but started examining the area where the salve sat shining. "How is it?" "I can't feel anything different. Should I?" Severus resisted the urge to wipe off the salve and look under. "Hang on." Hermione took a roll of plastic cling wrap, and wrapped it around his arm a few times, followed by a crepe bandage. "What's that?" "If you get a proper tattoo, the artist will