Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: This was my contest piece for the MaytoDecemberRomanceContest. I know it's not historically accurate, but it's a fiction. So enjoy it. :) A big squishy hug to my fic twin, m0t0b33, for being my greatest cheerleader. I love you, sis. 3 I'd also like to thank DayDreamDreamer for helping me with this one. Thank you, K. :* Effortless Victorian England, 1852. "Uncle Philip, please! Don't do this," I beg to my father's half-brother as he drags me to the sitting room where my worst nightmare awaits me. I'm still sobbing, praying to God to work some miracle to make this stone-hearted man, who my father named his heir in his will, stop when we reach the sitting room. "Philip, what ...?" The sound of a smooth but startled voice makes Uncle Philip stop. I try to wrench my wrist out of his hand as my ungrateful uncle says to the questioner, "It's all good, Masen. Don't worry about it." "Don't worry about it? You told me she agreed to it which—by the looks of it—she clearly hasn't," comes an angry snap. "This is nothing, my friend. Trust me. She's just a shy child. You know what young girls are like." Uncle Philip's response makes me abandon my attempt to escape and just stare at him, open-mouthed. I cannot believe my ears when he says that I am resisting this ridiculous proposal out of shyness. I doggedly look down at my feet, not wanting to see the face of the man my family was signing my fate off to. "Philip, let's get one thing clear," the stranger says firmly. " You are not my friend. I considered Charles a good friend of mine and so when he presented me with the proposal, I had agreed. It's the promise I made to my departed friend that brings me here today." I feel Uncle Philip's grip on my hand tighten in suppressed anger as he responds in a phony cheerful tone of voice, "Be it so, my good man, be it so. However, the fact remains that you promised to marry Isabella here once my dear brother died, may God rest his soul." "I'm here to follow through with that promise, aren't I?" a voice as sharp as the edge of a knife retorts. Through my peripheral vision, I see Uncle Philip nod. "That you are. Now," he says. "If you'll give me a few moments alone with my darling niece, I'll bid a proper farewell to her." He must have made some kind of gesture of dismissal because my uncle again hauls me back down the hallway. When I feel sure that I won't be overheard, I decide to take a different approach. "You can't do this to me," I hiss in a low voice. "I'm eighteen. That makes me a woman—who can make her own decisions." He rolls his eyes at me. "No, Isabella. You are seventeen. You will be eighteen in the next month. So I still have the guardianship of you. And as your guardian, your father's heir and your only living family member, I say you'll marry that man and leave this house once and for all." "And if I don't?" I ask defiantly. "If you don't, I will starve you to death before you can turn eighteen." His menacing answer leaves me speechless. The expression on his face tells me that he might very well follow through with his threat. In my mind, I curse my mother for catching the cold and dying last year. I curse my father for loving her so much to lose the will to live after her death and succumbing to a death brought on by heartbreak. I curse God for not doing something to help me as I walk silently back to the sitting room to meet my future husband. ~*~*~*Effortless*~*~*~ "Isabella, it's my pleasure to make your acquaintance." I hear someone whisper the words from beside my carriage window as the carriage takes me away from the only home I have ever known. Staring at the quickly disappearing silhouette of my childhood home, I don't respond to his greeting. However, the sound of a throat clearing makes me finally tear my eyes away from the house and look at the man riding beside me. I see a man with broad shoulders and angular facial features. In the light casted by the setting sun behind him, his short hair looks like the color of a copper coin. If I was to describe him in one word, I would have to choose striking , because that's how I see him for the first time. He seems to grow uncomfortable of the silence between us and opens his mouth. But before he can say anything, I ask, "What's your name?" He lets out a chuckle and smiles at me, making one end of his lips curve up higher than the other in a crooked smile. I find the smile on his lips very attractive—a thought that angers me to no end. "Might I ask why you're laughing at me, sir?" I ask tersely. The smile is still detectable in his voice as he replies, "I wasn't laughing at you, Isabella. I was laughing near you." The way he calls my name as if he has known me all my life frustrates me, and I say, "Why were you laughing near me then?" "The way you asked me my name made me realize just how young you are," he murmurs to me. Young and about to be forced into marriage , I added in my head. Verbally, I don't respond to him and just sit there, in a childish display of irritation. After a few moments, he rides closer to the carriage window and holds out a hand. Bowing his head slightly, he says, "Hello, Miss Swan, I'd like to formally introduce myself. I am Sir Edward Masen, a knight dedicated to His Majesty's services, and the master of Masen Manor." I look at him in shock and ask, "You're a knight?" He nods and keeps holding his hand out for me. When he raises an eyebrow questioningly, I blush before raising my hand to let it brush his. "I'm Bella …" I trail off, unsure if I should let him call me by the name my father so adoringly called me. He pulls my hand to his lips and touches his lips on my skin for a brief moment and then he lets me pull my hand away. "Bella means beautiful." I stare at him, trying to ignore the slight tingling sensation coming from the place where his lips had touched my skin. Then, I abruptly ask, "How old are you?" "Too old for you, I'm afraid," he replies slowly. "While I am not as old as your father, I can easily be thought of as twice your age." I calculate it in my head and ask stonily, "So, you're thirty four?" "Thirty two, actually," he answers, looking closely at me. I cannot find proper response to his revelation of his age and for that, decide to keep quiet instead. He stays quiet for a few moments before sighing. "Isabella, I'm sorry that you have to go through this. Your father was my mentor when I was a boy, and for that, I promised him to take care of you. But I never intended to force marriage upon you." "Well, lucky for you, my uncle did that anyway," I retort bitterly. He nods and continues, "Yes, he did. Believe me, if there was a way to protect you from that money-hungry man's clutches without this, I would've gladly done so, but sadly, there's no other way. You don't have any living relatives and the only one I have is my little sister who is merely a girl of seven years of age herself. In such conditions, if I keep you in my home without marrying you, your reputation will be ruined." I don't say anything to him for a while. It's only when I see the looming shape of a manor house ahead and feel the carriage preparing to slow down, I speak again. "So you're marrying me because you're afraid of the people?" The feelings of loneliness, betrayal by my uncle and the confusing feelings this man brings out in me make me lash out to him. As the carriage rolls to a stop, he climbs down from his horse and opens my carriage door for me. "Something like that," he murmurs to me at last as I deny his help to get down the carriage steps before leading me toward the enormous manor house—Masen Manor. ~*~*~*Effortless*~*~*~ "You may now kiss the bride," I hear the priest officiating the ceremony tell Sir Edward. I feel my back stiffen as he leans his face close to mine. Either my expression is very much readable on my face or he's that sensitive, but whatever the reason, he catches onto my apprehension. Soft like a butterfly touching a flower petal, he touches my cheek and whispers in a low voice, "You don't need to worry. I won't ever hurt you, my Bella." I barely manage to look into his eyes for a moment before he presses a kiss on the corner of my lips and straightens back up. As the priest announces us as Sir Edward and Lady Isabella Masen for the first time, I feel a fluttering in my heart—a ray of hope that being married to him might not be so bad after all. After a copious dinner, Edward leads me up the stairs toward the bedchambers among cheers of his peers. Suddenly, I feel myself shivering at the thought of what might be waiting for me inside the room he takes me to. However, he doesn't let go of my hand as he leads me to the corner of the room—away from the massive bed at the centre of the room. I must have looked shocked to him because he smiles at me when he catches my eyes. Shaking his head at me, he reaches behind the curtains hanging in front of us and opens what appears to be a hidden door. "This will be your room," he says, motioning to the open door. "I had Jane, your personal maid, prepare this room for you. I hope you'll find it to your liking." I raise a sarcastic eyebrow at him and ask, "That's it?" He must realize my true question, and nods. "For now, yes. I told you, Isabella, I won't hurt you. So, until you're ready, we'll try to become friends." His words mystify me, and all I can do is mummer, "Friendship sounds … nice." He smiles and steps closer to me, carefully placing a hand on my shoulder. "Until that time, my lady, I look forward to getting to know you." His words are soft-spoken as he moves to place a kiss on my forehead. Slipping into my bed that night, I realize that I was looking forward to getting to know my husband now as well. ~*~*~*Effortless*~*~*~ For the next two days, I see a little of Edward. He seems to always be busy with either his estate or his sword practice with his friend, Emmett McCarty. Thankfully, I have found a friend in this manor house as well … in Emmett's wife, Rosalie. Although she is a few years older than me Rosalie seems to be well on her way to become my best friend. So when I hear Rosalie calling for me to look out the window, I join her instantly. "What is it?" "It's Alice. I've missed her so much!" she tells me, smiling widely. "You mean Sir Edward's sister?" I ask. She nods and looks down. "She's such a sweet child. See? That's her carriage," she says, pointing out a little carriage with light pink curtains. Curiously,