Disclaimer: Twilight Saga doesn't belong to me—a sad but true fact. This plot and the story, however, is all mine. :) A/N: This was my donation piece for the Fandom for LLS this year. As the granddaughter of a breast cancer survivor and a formulation scientist working on anticancer drugs, this is always a cause very close to my heart. A big shout-out with a side of emornous hugs and sloppy kisses goes to my adoptive Granma, DataByteDL-FangirlinGranma Dee for the amazing beta work she has done for this one, and for loving my crazy ass. This is my first attempt at writing a high schoolWard. So enjoy! . . . Of Heaven and Hell . . . Standing in the dark closet, I tried to look anywhere but at the boy standing next to me. It was a very hard thing to do … especially when he smelled so … Edward-y. Is that even a word? I wondered for a moment before the gravity of the situation hit me. I was in a closet, with my best friend's brother, and we were supposed to be doing God knows what for seven minutes. "This is stupid," I heard him huff from beside me. I turned my head just a little bit to look at him. As my eyes got used to the darkness inside the closet, I took in the perfection that was Edward Cullen. Wait. What? I scowled at myself. He's Edward ... Rosalie's brother. He's definitely not someone to think of like that, you fool. After giving myself a talking to, I nodded in response to his previous comment. "We were stupid enough to agree to play." He sighed sadly. "I was just trying to avoid anything to do with tears. Rose can cry a river just by blinking." Yeah, she's a lucky bitch to have a talent like that, I thought. "You wanna get out of here?" I asked, not understanding the slight pang of disappointment that shot through my heart. He frowned. "We can't. Or we'll lose." "Right. Of course," I agreed quickly because I did not want to lose a game where Jessica Stanley was involved. "So what should we do?" Before he could answer, we heard Jessica's overly nasal voice whine from somewhere near the keyhole of the closet, "I can't hear a thing! Do you think they're kissing in there?" "God! Jessica, have a built-in loudspeaker in your throat, do you?" came Rosalie's irritated voice. "If you keep whining, we won't hear a sound of what's happening in there." There was silence for about two seconds before Jessica groaned. "I don't want him to kiss her ! He's so …" cue the sound of a girly sigh before she continued. "And she's just … urgh!" A thumping sound followed her declaration and then Alice's voice came through the closet door. "Watch it, Stanley! That's our best friend you're bitching about." I smiled at the way my friends were standing up for me. I was so engrossed in their conversation that I completely missed Edward's throat-clearing at first so when he touched my hand, I gasped … loudly. "Shhh … she gasped! I bet he's coping a feel while making out with her," Alice sounded positively gleeful at the thought. I felt heat spreading through my face as I realized that he could hear all of their pervy thoughts just like I could. "Bella?" The sound of his voice made me look up from where I was busy inspecting the shoelaces of my Converse. "Yeah?" I breathed as quietly as I could, being mindful of our audience. He pointed to the door and asked, "Why does that girl sound like she's jealous of you?" Because you're the hottest shit in high school … not to mention a senior, I wanted to say. But instead, I stuck to my usual lame responses. "She's always been like that. I don't think she can be anything but jealous of others." He pursed his lips and narrowed his eyes for a moment, and then raised an eyebrow at me. "Well then she deserves a payback, don't you think?" Eager to give Stanley the proverbial middle finger, I leaned forward. "What are you thinking?" "She obviously doesn't want us to kiss," he said casually like it wasn't a monumental thing. "So I say we give her exactly that." "You wanna kiss me?" I squeaked. Yes, I squeaked, people. Come on! Don't judge me before you've seen the hot as hell boy standing before me. He lifted one shoulder in a half-shrug. "If you want to that is." For a few moments, I stopped breathing and gaped at him, trying to figure out if he was pulling my leg or not. "We don't have to, if you don't want to …" he started saying after seeing my imitation of a gaping fish. "You're not kidding?" I asked because I needed to be sure before I made a fool of myself. He looked at me and shook his head slowly. My voice shook embarrassingly as I whispered, "Okay." The sound of his sharp intake of breath resonated louder in the confined space than I'd have expected as he stepped closer to me, filling my line of vision completely. "You can stop me, if you don't want to do this," he whispered as he raised a hand and placed it on my cheek. "I don't want to," I replied. "… to stop you, I mean … for the sake of teaching Stanley a lesson … it's for societal improvement, you know?" One side of his lips lifted in a half-smile as he nodded. "I'm all for societal improvement," he said, and for a moment I wondered if he had seen right through my bullshit. But before I could ask him about that, he moved his hand so that it was gripping the back of my neck and leaned in, bringing his lips impossibly closer to mine. "Relax, Bella," he said softly, his lips barely brushing mine as he spoke. "It's just a kiss." I wanted to respond with a smartass comeback, but before I could do more than inhale a lung full of air, his lips were on mine, kissing me softly with feather-light touches. My lips didn't respond to him for a few moments, my brain was busy playing catch up with the fact that he was actually kissing me; but when it did, I pressed my lips firmly to his. He closed his eyes and tightened his hold on me before kissing me again. After a few moments, I separated our mouths, gasping for breath. That's when he inched his tongue inside my mouth. Suddenly, I felt like I was alive for the first time … all my nerves felt like live wires as I clutched myself to the gorgeous boy in the closet and kissed him. Again and again our lips met. Again and again we tested a little bit of heaven in each other … until a beeping sound pierced through the fog that had been surrounding us. The annoying beeping was followed by a few loud bangs on the closet door. "Hey you two, we're gonna open the door so you better be decent," the sound of Rosalie's voice snapped us into motion and we scooted away as far as the cramped space allowed, trying to look inconspicuous. Slowly, as if from a horror movie, the door swung open and a dozen or so faces popped up, all gawking at us. I tried to not look like I had just been thoroughly kissed as Edward ran a hand through his hair. Without even glancing at me, he murmured, "I'll see you around, Bella," and then he was gone. I stood there open-mouthed at the way he had simply brushed off the kiss we shared. I felt a hand tug on my arm and turned to see Alice standing there next to me. "What happened, Bella?" "Nothing," I answered. "Absolutely nothing." Nothing's right , I reminded myself as I followed my friends out of that closet. Just like he said, it' s just a kiss. I can deal with this. . . . ~*~*~*Of Heaven and Hell*~*~*~ . . . "I can't deal with this … not anymore," I confessed, letting my head fall back against my locker instead of getting my books and then making my way to my next class. Alice's voice sounded understanding as she patted me on the shoulder. "Maybe you should focus on something else?" she advised softly. "It's been weeks, Bella." Rosalie snorted from my other side. "Weeks? Try months. I never thought that I'd ever see someone so hung up on that cheeky asshole." I shifted my eyes from her and mumbled, "I'm not hung up on him." "Right, and you're simply crushing on him," Rose countered. "Seriously though? Edward? Of all the guys in the school, you had to pick my asswipe of a brother?" "I'm not crushing on him," I replied, but even in my ears my words sounded feeble … hollow. "It's just … I never expected him to start ignoring me, you know?" My confession made the girls sigh sadly; and on some level, I hated to be on the receiving end of their pitiful looks. I ' m going to prove that I' m strong, I promised to myself. If he ignores me, I can ignore him right back. . . . Two More Weeks Later . . . As I stood in Esme's immaculately decorated kitchen watching the counter on the microwave count down until the popcorn was ready, the sound of approaching footsteps alerted me to my company. I heard the footsteps stop abruptly as they crossed the threshold of the room, and instantly, I knew it was him. Unlike the other times we had crossed paths though; he didn't turn around and walk away. Instead, with shuffling steps, he entered the kitchen. "Hey." I was startled by his sudden decision to break his silence. Ignore hi m, remember? I heard my mind try to remind my heart. He ' s just your best friend's brother. Nothing more. "What's up?" His brows furrowed and he looked like he was struggling with himself for words as he stood there, looking kind of adorable in his Batman t-shirt. I waited for him to speak his mind until … "Rose was wondering if you're getting the popcorn." What the hell? I chastised myself for even thinking of him as adorable as I tried not to scowl at him. Thankfully, the timer went off, and quickly grabbing the bowl of popcorn, I walked right past him … stopping long enough to say, "I've got it." As I left him standing alone in the empty kitchen, I finally admitted to myself that ignoring him was hard. But hey, I'm nothing if not a hardass. I'll ride it out. It's just a silly crush anyway, I told myself. How wrong I was! . . . ~*~*~*Of Heaven and Hell*~*~*~ . . . "Hey, Bella, you are coming to the pool party this weekend, aren't you?" I opened my mouth to decline, but one bitch-brow from Rosalie shut me up, and instead I answered, "I might." " Might? " she repeated, narrowing her eyes at me. "Might isn't gonna work with me, girlfriend. You need to be there to help me with the decorations and shit." Raising my eyebrows, I pointed toward Alice. "She's the one who goes Freaky Friday on anything to do with decorations, Rose, not me. And as for helping you with shit, do I really have to go there?" She looked horrified as she started shaking her head vehemently. "N-no … that's not what I …" I couldn't hold it in anymore. A snort escaped me and then I was full-blown laughing. Rose scowled at me before saying, "For that, Swan, you're gonna wear whatever I pick out for you." "Hey, I'll be perfectly fine in my