Disclaimer: No copyrights infringement intended. I don't own Twilight saga or any of its awesome characters. Warning: This story contains mature situations so if you are under 18 or offended by such situations- STOP READING NOW. A/N: This story was intended to be a song-fic based on the One Direction song ' Change My Mind' but I got attacked by a plot-bunny and it's not really related to the song anymore. But you should listen to the song anyway… Cause it's a nice song! :-) Read on and Enjoy! ;-) Change My Mind I stand against the back wall, looking at her. She is the most beautiful, kind, gentle, crazy and unable to walk without tripping on air person I know. She's Bella Swan... my best friend. And I think I am in love with her. No, I don't think that- I know that I love her. -CMM- The first time I met Bella was at my friend Emmett's place. Emmett and I had been friends since the orientation day of college and Em was always telling me these ridiculous stories about her twin sister constantly tripping over her two left feet. So six years ago when Em invited me and my then roommate, Jasper, at his house for dinner one night I thought nothing of it. Once the door opened however, I was met with the most beautiful pair of brown eyes. That's when Em introduced his sister to us- as the new exchange student. With Emmett already having a girlfriend- Rosalie- and Jasper quickly deciding to pursue Bella's new roommate, Alice, we were left out to be the fifth and sixth wheels. So it was only natural that Bella and I would talk and become very close friends- in a very platonic way. I agreed that Bella was extremely beautiful, I mean come on- I'm a hot blooded American male after all; but she was always my friend's sister and my friend. There was nothing more to us- until two years ago. -CMM- Two years ago when we were in the midst of celebrating Emmett and Rosalie's wedding and Jasper and Alice's engagement- my world crashed down on me. I had just returned into my now empty apartment from Em's wedding reception when I heard my cell phone ring. After I answered the call the words from the other end made my heart fall down to my stomach. It was a police officer calling me from my Mom's phone to let me know that my parents had met with an accident on the way back home from New York after attending Emmett and Rosalie's wedding. They were both declared dead when the EMTs arrived. I was in auto-pilot mode as I dialed to let my friends know about my terrible fortune but I couldn't reach Em as he was on the way to his honeymoon and it looked like Jasper didn't have his cell phone on him. The only one who came through for me was Bella. The moment she heard the news she hung up and within the next twenty minutes she had me wrapped in a hug crying the tears that refused to come out of me. Bella helped me cope with the depression I felt was about to engulf me just at the mere idea of being an orphan. She became my family. I remember finally crying those cathartic tears in Bella's arms about a month after the accident and muttering the whole time, "I am an orphan now, B. I don't have a family anymore. What am I going to do without them?" Bella just tightened her hold on me and said in a determined voice, "You do have a family, Edward. I am your family. You're going to clean up and start studying real hard. And after the next two years you will be the doctor your parents wanted you to be. You have to get yourself together, Edward, for me... for all of us. You're not alone in this." A week later as I was lying in my bed and thinking back on her words I could sense some undertone in them. But the next moment I shrugged off the ridiculous notion of Bella and I being together. I mean she was like a sister to me, right? -CMM- But I couldn't have been more wrong. The next few months we all struggled to get back to the normalcy our lives previously had. It was working until about a year and a half ago, when Bella introduced us all to her new boyfriend- Jacob Black. The moment I laid my eyes on Jacob I disliked him. Then one day I spotted him snuggled at the back of the bar we all frequented with his arm draped around Bella's shoulder and his tongue down her throat. My breath became harsher and I could literally feel waves of rage rolling off of me. I wanted to detach his arm for good and that tongue? I wanted to cut it into small bits and pieces and feed it to dogs. But that's probably just brotherly concern for my best friend, right? The following few months I looked closely on the way Emmett reacted to Black but it slowly occurred to me that he was not having the vicious violent thoughts about the guy for simply touching Bella- unlike me. So instead of being the seventh wheel in the symmetric group of coupled people, I decided to back-off. I went to classes and buried myself in my studies not wanting to think anything remotely about Bella. Six months into my self-imposed isolation Emmett and Jasper came over and threatened to kick my ass unless I went to this club that had opened up a few days ago with them. Hoping to find some much needed stress-relief, I agreed to let them have their way. However when I walked inside to see Bella dancing with Black roving his paw-like mitts all over her, I made an about-turn and left without even saying ' hi' to Bella. I wanted to bleach the image of Black rubbing on Bella out of my mind but my mind seemed to have a different plan of its own. That night and the nights following after that I dreamed constantly of Bella- in her tight short red dress and those killer red heels with her brown soulful eyes looking at me. The only fact that made those dreams even more of a torture was the fact that I kept imagining myself in Black's place. Fuck my life! -CMM- Then about three months later when I had finally gotten those dreams under control, I ran into Bella in a grocery store. I was about to turn around so that I could pretend I hadn't seen her but Bella's sweet melodious voice calling my name made me turn back to her. I stood motionless as she ran up to me, "Hey there, stranger, remember me?" I gave her a smirk and replied, "How can I forget? How's the world record for tripping on air coming up?" Bella pouted, "Tripping on air was a hell lot of fun when you were around to catch me, Ed. I miss you." I grimaced as I returned the sentiment before asking, "Why the bull you had been dating wasn't catching you anymore?" Bella's tone was serious as she replied, "He was never there to catch me, Edward. Only you had been there. Besides, turns out 'the bull', was actually an ass- or better yet- an asshole." When I looked at her with confusion she rolled her eyes as if chastising me for not getting the obvious, "We broke up. He cheated, we fought, and we're done." I didn't know what to say so I said what I could think of, "I should hunt him down and rip his head off for doing that to you." Bella smiled a beautiful smile before saying, "It's okay. I was getting bored of him anyway. So enough about me. You wanna get something to eat?" Just like that she had opened up the way I had closed for myself more than a year and a half before. Soon we were all hanging out, laughing like the good old days once again. I knew everyone suspected the reason behind my leaving had something to do with Bella but they never asked and I never said anything. -CMM- Today as I stand at the party Bella had thrown in the honor of my graduation and becoming a full-time doctor, I couldn't help but stare at the amazing woman playing the part of a perfect hostess. The way that midnight blue satin wrap dress hugged her curves and the up-do she had her hair in- leaving her tantalizing neck open for my inspection makes me feel drawn to her. She was beauty personified. And I may have to tell her about my feelings one of these days. "Hey, you. Why are you sulking in the corner? This is your party you know? You should mingle with the guests and stop with this whole broody thing you have going on." With my wayward thoughts running wild I don't even notice her moving until I hear her voice near me. As I look up my eyes instantly meet her hypnotic gaze. How on earth had I not realized that brown was the most beautiful color in the world? I am about to reply to her when Alice, Jasper's heavily pregnant wife, comes up with the camera and calls out, "Edward, Bella, smile for the camera!" Bella hugs my side tightly dowsing me with the smell of her strawberry shampoo. I try to angle my crotch so that she wouldn't know about my ungentlemanly thoughts and grumble, "She's the one picking up new hobbies and we're the guinea pigs. God save the kid!" Bella hears my mutterings and laughs out loudly. She leans into my side even more and almost buries her face in my chest trying to muffle the sound of her laughter. Involuntarily my mouth curves into a shit eating grin as I hide my face into her chestnut hair and inhale deeply. Okay, so maybe I am a masochist for doing this, sue me. After Alice is satisfied with the photos she leaves us to go and pester other people- namely her husband. Bella however doesn't leave my side. She grabs my hand and starts parading me throughout the room forcing me to make small talk with our old college friends she had invited. I don't need her to hold onto me so tightly because I had no intension of letting go of her hand- but I don't tell her that. Maybe someday I will tell her… someday soon. -CMM- It's eleven o' clock and every one of Bella's guests has left- except for me. I had offered to help her with the clean up just to be able to bask in her company a little bit longer. But now that all the paper cups and plates have been discarded, all the leftovers have been properly packed and kept inside her freezer and I couldn't find any other way to stall. I would have to leave. I want her to tell me that she wants me with her- to offer me a place to crash for the night- anything. I will take the lumpy couch she had- just to stay a little while longer with her. Bella comes out of the kitchen wiping her hand on a dish towel before walking up to stand in front of me. I look at her questioningly as she tilts her head back to look into my eyes and says, "Dance with me?" I open my mouth to point out the fact that she had already turned off the music but she cuts me off, "I don't care for the music. You didn't make it to Jasper and Alice's wedding. So you owe me a dance, Mister." I lift one