Disclaimer: No copyrights infringement intended. I don't own Twilight saga or CSI. A/N: This is a birthday present for my fic-twin sister, m0t0b33. Happy Birthday, sis. I hope you enjoy your little pressie. :) Trust Me, Love Me " Hey Bells, I kind of got sick, so cannot make it to the lab today. Will you let Carlisle know? Thanks. " As I hear the stupid voice mail, I feel my anger grow exponentially. Fucking Jacob Black. If the guy was not one of the few who wanted to work in the graveyard shift, I think our supervisor, Carlisle, would have already had him transferred. I do not even think of calling him back. I hate his lying ass. I swear I could hear girly giggles in the background when he faked the coughing fit, after saying that he got sick. Personally, I think the only reason Jacob wants to be on the graveyard shift is that he runs a chance of picking up girls while on the job. Still raging from his voice mail, I knock on Carlisle's door. "Come in." His calm voice calls out. "Carlisle, CSI Black just called in sick. We are short-staffed tonight," I say, without sparing a glance around Carlisle's office. Instead of getting angry, like I was hoping he would, Carlisle leans back on his chair with a smile on his face. "That solves the issue then. We have a backup tonight, Isabella." I frown at his relaxed manner. Never have I seen Carlisle act so laid-back when there was not enough CSIs in the lab. I mean the man has not been nicknamed "Hitler-Carl" for his leniency. I open my mouth to question him when a soft chuckle comes to my ear. " Oh fuck! Please do not let it be him. Please do not let it be him . " I pray to God, but maybe He is pissed at me for missing last two Sundays at church, because when I slowly turn my head to the side, I see none other than Edward Cullen sitting at one of the chairs. Damn it! Let me introduce you to Edward Cullen. He is Carlisle Cullen's nephew and a damn good CSI. I am not placing undue praises, trust me. I hate Cullen's guts, but he is one of the best CSIs in the day shift unit. So why do I hate him, you ask? Simple. Because, he is too fucking good-looking, like illegally-sexy-good-looking and he has a ridiculously sexy smile. But I hate him for a far more fundamental reason… because I am pretty sure he hates me too. Fuelling my hatred is the fact that though Cullen acts like he is THE God's gift to earth, he does not date, or sleep around like Jacob. The few cases I have worked with him, he has always done his job and never batted an eyelash when we had to work with female witnesses, not even in the case with a bunch of sorority girls. If you are thinking he is gay, think again. He is not gay. Because, I had seen him with his girlfriend, a tall-leggy blonde, on my very first day here. After that, Rosalie, the toxicology specialist and my best friend, told me that he had broken up with the girl and since then no one has seen him with a date. But that did not mean he is into dudes. Because at every chance he gets, he flirts—shamelessly—with any and every female officers in the lab, except for me and Rosalie. Rosalie, because she is married to his friend, Under-Sheriff, Emmett McCarty and me, because… well, he hates me. I have absolutely no idea why he started hating me but when I realized that he did, I figured feelings should be mutual, so I hated him right back. "CSI Swan as always fails to notice what is right before her eyes." His irritatingly smooth voice brings me out of my line of thoughts and I glare at him. This is Cullen's another flaw—he is always saying shit which has no meaning at all. I cross my arms in front of my chest and arch an eyebrow at him. "What are you yapping about, Cullen?" No 'hi' or 'how are you,' because this was our usual greeting. Instead of saying anything to me, he turns to face his uncle. Carlisle lets out a huff and then says to me, "What Edward means is he has applied to transfer from dayshift to nightshift." Without meaning to, a snort comes out of me. Carlisle clucks his tongue before continuing, "Before his request is accepted, Edward needs to show that he has the aptitude for working the full nightshift. So, instead of CSI Black, Edward will work on tonight's shift." I feel my eyes bug out of my head at the mere idea of encountering Cullen every-damn-night. "But, Carlisle," I start but he holds up one finger to me indicating he needs to answer the phone that decides to ring right fucking now. As I hear Carlisle talk on the phone, I try very hard to not look at the smug-looking man standing a few feet away from me. I stare at my well-worn shoes to avoid meeting his eyes, though I can feel his gaze on me. It is only when Carlisle hangs up that I decide to look up at him. Before I can continue to point out why allowing Cullen to transfer here is a very bad idea, Carlisle shakes his head at me, letting me know he was not in the mood for whining right now. I bite my lip, trying not to blurt out that I cannot handle working with Cullen, when Carlisle starts talking. "All right. That was Captain Whitlock of SPD. There is a John Doe at the Metropolis Hospital. He was found unconscious on the bank of the Sound, about half an hour ago. He is being given every possible medical attention but his clothes and a backpack found on him needs to be processed. So I am putting you two on the job. Go and get whatever you find there," he says in a no-nonsense manner. I want to argue and say that there is no way I am going anywhere with Cullen but the arrogant jerk says in an overly-cheerful voice, "Yes, sir. Let's go, Swan." He motions me to follow him as if I am his goddamn slave and walks out of the room, no doubt expecting me to follow him. It is only because I love my job that I walk out behind him—not follow him, mind you, I am never going to follow his smug ass. ~*~*~*Trust Me, Love Me*~*~*~ Having Cullen drive a car is like sitting in a racecar during NASCAR. It is an exhilarating experience but I do not tell him that. Instead, I grimace at him and say, "Are you an adrenaline junkie? What kind reckless jerk drives like that?" He smirks at me. "This jerk does, apparently." I huff, not liking the way his green eyes twinkle in the semidarkness of the car. He bumps his shoulder with mine and says, "Admit it, Swan, you love the speed." I let loose the sarcastic bitch in me and grumble, "Yeah, right. You are delusional, Cullen. I like safety and dependency, not recklessness." He just shakes his head, letting me know he is not buying the crap I am spewing out of my big-ass mouth. After a few seconds, he slows down the car though, but I am sure that is not for my benefit. The rest of the drive, I keep my eyes fixed on the road. I think I have scrutinized the bobble-head dog, the red and blue flickering lights, the side sticker saying 'Chick on Wheels' and even the ridiculous number plate saying 'DICK-XO-101' from our surrounding cars to minute details, but I do not dare to look at the man sitting beside me. I feel his stare on me, I hear his rhythmic breathing but I do not look at him. The moment we reach the hospital, I scramble out of the car, glad to be in the open air where I am not going to smell Cullen's cologne. I hear a sigh and turn to look at Cullen but I find him already gearing up for the night. Did he really sigh or was it just a trick of the air? I cannot make up my mind and decide to just get ready to tackle the case at hand. ~*~*~*Trust Me, Love Me*~*~*~ Cullen is going through the John Doe's shirt as I grab the man's backpack and start examining it. The bag looks like it has seen better days. The leather is fraying at the seams; the zipper looks like it has been replaced recently—indicative of emotional attachment to the bag. There are liquid stains on the bag, suggesting the owner must have spilled something on it recently. From the state of the backpack and the clothes, our John Doe is either homeless or a struggling artist. Personally, I think it is the second, because homeless guys do not usually carry around leather wallets like the one Cullen showed me a few minutes ago. Expecting to find either music instruments, or sketchpads, I slip my hand in the bag and feel it. I close my eyes shut, hoping against hope that my hunch is dead wrong. I can feel wires in between my fingers. As I move my hand slightly, I find that the wires seem to be attached to something that feels like a metallic box. Praying to God that it be a crazy music box, I grab the metal box in my hand and pull it out of the bag. I see the blinking red light in the front side of the thing. I gasp, realizing what this is, and then I stop breathing. ~*~*~*Trust Me, Love Me*~*~*~ "Hey Swan, did you fall asleep there?" I hear Cullen's smart-ass voice calling out from behind me. If it was any other time I would have snarked back and chewed his head off for thinking I would fall asleep on the job. But not now, not tonight. Tonight, I stay radio-silent, not trusting myself to stay still if I start talking. "Swan?" he calls out again. But my eyes are still trained on the device in my hands. "I swear, she was born to be the bane of my existence," he mutters before I can hear the sound of his feet approaching from behind me. Then I feel his presence in front of me as he stands before me and says in an angry voice, "What the hell, Swan? Are you incapable of even uttering a simple 'yes'? Do you…" his words stop abruptly as his eyes fall on the device in my hands. "What the fuck is that?" he asks, sounding alarmed. Without moving my gaze from my hands, I decide to reply in a shaky voice, "It was inside the bag. I think it might be a bomb." I hear a sound that says he just smacked his forehead with his palm followed by a string of profanities uttered in a very low voice. Then there is sound of deep breaths. After that he says in a voice that is suggestive of forced-calmness, "All right, Bella. I need you to stay still. I am going to call the bomb disposal unit and we will be just fine." I want to say in my usual sarcastic bitchy voice that where the fuck was I going to run off to go parading with a bomb. But his voice and the way he called my name stops me. I manage to make a humming sound that tells him I understood him. I think that is the first time he has ever called me Bella and not Swan , my stupid brain thinks. ~*~*~*Trust Me, Love Me*~*~*~ By the time Cullen returns