Disclaimer: No matter how much I wish I could say otherwise, I do not own the Twilight Saga. A/N: This was the piece I wrote for the Halloween Countdown. I would like to thank Breath-of-Twilight for inviting me to this awesome initiative. I hope you enjoy this little story of mine. Happy Halloween! :D Blessed By An Angel Edward and I have been together since the first day I arrived in Forks High School. I was about to start my junior year in high school, when my father got transferred to Forks. So, when I was told that we were going to move from sunny Phoenix to the murky town of Forks, Washington, naturally I had thrown a huge tantrum. Result? My getting a beat up red Chevy truck as a consolation gift. It was the truck that had caused our first run-in, literally. It was a simple case of Newton's Third Law. I drove into the school parking lot, feeling apprehensive to face being the 'new kid' when accidentally, I knocked over a black motorcycle in the next spot. My action brought on a reaction, all right. The next thing I knew, a tall, lanky boy was towering over me, lecturing me on safe driving. I remember looking—okay, more like staring—at him and thinking what a waste it was to have so much beauty on a boy. I remember the fire in his forest green eyes as he looked at my possibly glazed-over eyes. I remember him grabbing hold of my shoulders, about to shake me out of my daydreaming and I remember blurting out, "Forest is beautiful." He had let go of me and looked at me like I had grown two heads and in order to explain myself, I dug myself further into the hole of embarrassment. I remember the smile creeping up on his face when I had explained that I was talking about the forest green of his eyes and as I was about to run out of the parking lot, not believing what my big mouth just did, he had taken hold of my wrist and whispered, "Chocolate is enchanting." I remember grinning like an idiot the rest of the day. By the end of that day, he had asked me out and we have been grinning like idiots together, ever since. That was five years ago. Now, as I pulled on the leather costume over my body, I complained, yet again. "Why did we have to be gangsters, again? What was wrong with me being just Bella? She's awesome, you know?" He chuckled from across the room where he was buttoning up a white shirt and reached for the suspenders. I just about swallowed my tongue when I saw him in suspenders. Damn! My boyfriend was frigging handsome. His snicker brought me out of my lust-induced haze as he said, "Yeah, 'Just Bella' is pretty awesome, but then I wouldn't get to see this expression on your face, Chocolate." "Dream on, Forest," I fake snorted as I zipped up my knee-high boots. I felt him come and stand in front of me. When I straightened up to face him, I felt the air leaving my lungs. He held his hand out to me, helping me stand up. He brought me to his chest and placed a sweet kiss on my lips. Then he whispered to me, "I dream about it all the time, baby, day and night." Because he always managed to make me a horny mess, I wrapped my arms around his neck and kissed his jaw, knowing that drove him crazy. Then I said, "Why don't we stay here and have our own party?" The sides of his eyes crinkled as he smiled widely and said, "Baby, believe me, I wouldn't have loved anything more, but it's gonna be the last party we have to attend before college is over." I sighed and nodded, knowing that he was right before allowing him to lead me out of our apartment. ~*~*~*Blessed By An Angel*~*~*~ "Oh my God, Bella, I'm so glad you guys made it!" Alice, who was dressed up as a Goth, said while hugging me. I laughed and returned the hug. "What type of a best friend will I be if I didn't allow you to go all batshit crazy for one night?" She scoffed, knowing I was just pulling her leg and led us into the crowded living room of the apartment she shared with Jasper, her fiancé. Before I knew it, I was swept up in the spirit of Halloween and celebrating it with my friends. It wasn't until Rosalie, my other best friend, pulled me on the makeshift dance floor that I noticed that Edward had slipped away somewhere. When he saw me craning my neck around, my big brother, Emmett, asked, "What is it, Bells?" I turned to face him and asked back, "Have you seen Edward? I swear he was with me just now." He shrugged. "He must have gone to get a drink or something. Why don't you check in the kitchen?" I gave him a nod, showing my appreciation for the suggestion and then headed for the kitchen. Just as I was about to enter the kitchen, I heard Edward's voice coming from there. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" He sounded angry, raging actually. To check up on him, I rushed in and came face to face with the quietest girl of our graduating class—Jessica Stanley. "Jessica?" I asked, completely shocked to see her there. She turned her head to look at me and the sneer playing on her lips sent a sudden chill through me. She seems different somehow… like not so harmless anymore. Shaking off the unnecessary fear, I walked past her and stood before Edward. I laid a hand on his cheek and asked, "Hey, baby, are you all right? I have been looking for you." He started to nod when a shrill laughter came to our ears, making us both look at Jessica in disbelief. Something's definitely off with her. "That's all you are gonna do from now on, Swan, because you're never gonna see him again," she said to me, the sneer becoming more vicious now. I scrunched up my eyebrows and asked, "Jessica, are you drunk?" She laughed once again before replying to my question. "No, I just really, really want your boyfriend." I felt my anger spiking at her words and snapped at her saying, "You are delusional, Stanley." She grinned and shook her head. "No, dear, I think the word you are looking for is magical ." Edward's arms tightened around my waist. I could feel the stiffness in his stance. As I moved closer into his embrace, he finally spoke up. "Jessica, if you have had your eyes opened for the past four years, you should know that I love Bella and only Bella." She snickered at him and rolled her eyes. "Stop with the theatrics already. You wouldn't know who Bella even is once I put a spell on you." I frowned and asked, "Spell? Magical? Do you even know what you are saying?" She focused her gaze on me, all traces of mirth gone from her expression. I saw her narrow her eyes at me and when I tried to open my mouth to repeat my question, I found that I couldn't move a muscle. It was like I have been frozen in my pose. Edward seemed to catch the rigidity of my body and started to shake me. "Bella? Baby, what is it? Say something, please." His voice was frantic as he tried to find out what was wrong with me. I desperately wanted to answer to him but after several failed attempts, I managed to move my eyes to motion toward Jessica, who was currently inspecting the tips of her nails with a bored expression on her face. Edward almost growled as he turned to face her. With a bewildered expression on his face he asked, " You did this to her?" She grinned at him and nodded. Bitch. "How…?" Edward's question was cut off as she laughed out loud. "You really don't get it, yet? I'm a fairy, pretty boy. I can do magic and turn your girlfriend into stone if you resist me." If I could move my mouth, I would have gasped. But since I couldn't do that, Edward did it for me. He gasped and asked the question I was wondering about as well. "I thought fairies are supposed to be mythical? And with wings?" he asked. Jessica shrugged and replied, "A common misconception. As you can see, we don't have wings, and neither are we mythical." Before Edward could say anything else, we heard the sound of another person talking from the doorway of the kitchen. "And not all fairies are the good guys." ~*~*~*Blessed By An Angel*~*~*~ As we watched, Angela Webber, my friend since the first day of college, walked into the kitchen and stood directly in front of Jessica. "Hello, sister," Angela greeted her. I swear, if I could, I would have gasped again, this time at Angela's words. Jessica snorted. "Please, we're half-sisters, Angela. Do not forget the half ." Angela smiled slightly and said, "Always with the technicalities; no wonder Mother doesn't like you." A murderous look came over Jessica's face as she asked venomously, "What the fuck do you want, Angela?" Angela looked dead serious as she said slowly, "I want you to let Bella and Edward go. They are good people and they love each other. Clearly, you don't know how to respect that. So, I think it will be best for everyone if you left this realm, forever." I tried to move my body but nothing happened. When I tried to speak again, a low muffled whimper was all I could manage. The sound seemed to capture Angela's attention. She quickly turned to me with an apologetic expression on her face. "Shit, Bella. I'm so sorry. I'll lift the spell right now," she said before looking at me intently. I felt my muscles begin to loosen up. The moment I gained complete control of my body, I launched myself into Edward's arms, wanting to wake up from this nightmare. Edward kissed my face frantically before turning us to face Angela and Jessica. "Thanks, Angela," he said, tightening his grip on me. Angela smiled and said, "There is no need to thank me, Edward. I would always come to rescue my friends." Jessica made a disgusted noise. "And that's why you are the weaker one," she said to Angela. Angela's face darkened as she spat back, "And because you're such a bitch, Mother left you." Jessica was fuming when said, "No, it was because of your piece of shit father that she abandoned her firstborn." Immediately Angela's usually soft eyes flashed with anger as she pointed one hand toward Jessica and roared, "Don't ever insult my father again." Jessica's expression hardened as she moved her head to the side and suddenly Angela was being shoved aside by an invisible force. As she scrambled up to her feet, Angela flicked her hand, which seemed to make Jessica land on her ass. Edward and I watched with terrified eyes as a fight broke in front of our very eyes, unable to do anything. After a few minutes of fighting back and forth, Angela let out a frustrated groan and stood up from where she had fallen down again. She narrowed her eyes at her opponent and said quietly, "You may be the more powerful one, but I am the one mother taught all of her spells to." Then, she moved her finger in a circular motion before pointing it toward Jessica. I saw Jessica's eyes widen a moment before a burst of white light blinded us. When I could see again, I saw that Jessica was gone and Angela stood, facing us with a guilty expression on