Disclaimer: No copyrights infringement intended. I do not own Twilight saga or any of its awesome characters. Author's Note: This was my donation piece for the Fandom for LLS cause. This story is set in regency era England. So it is written in British English. Thank you for reading. This is my first attempt at writing anything set in regency period. So I hope you enjoy. :) My Perfect Gentleman The smile fades away from my lips as the reality of the situation comes crushing down on me. I am alone. He is not coming. A choked sob escapes my mouth as my body slides down to the dirt. My feet get caught on the wheel of the carriage my best friend, Rosalie, has lent me. I trip, and for the first time since I have met him, no strong arms are there to stop my fall. So I fall down to my knees. A gust of wind whips my hair across my face. The delicate bun my mother had put it in has come undone, but I do not feel a thing. The rain beats down on me, hitting my skin like a thousand needles, but I do not feel that either. I only feel the cold surround me, taking residence in my heart, but I do not try to wrap my arms around myself to ward off the chill. Because I know this chill has nothing to do with the horrible weather. No, it is from the loneliness and dejection I feel, like my heart is trying to tear itself out of my chest, because he is not with me. Edward! Why are you not here? Why have you not kept your word? I want to scream the words out to him, but I know that would be pointless. Because the truth is he did not give me his word that he would be here today. No, when I had begged him to take me away with him, he had simply smiled and promised that he would be the one my father will give my hand to. "But you do not know my father. Once his mind is set, no one can change it, not even Mama," I had lamented. He had just smirked in his completely obnoxious manner and said, "Your father does not know me either, Bella. I do not give up easily." I want to believe that he has not given up on me, on our love, but in the gray light of the rainy day, I cannot bring my heart to do so. I look forlornly upon the carriage beside me and remember the day our paths had first crossed. ~*~*~*My Perfect Gentleman*~*~*~ I was trying to keep myself seated as the carriage rattled down the road. When I had toppled out of my seat and landed on my behind for the fourth time, I dragged myself up and cast an enquiring eye to my aunt, Lady Victoria Wood. "Aunt Victoria, how come you have not been thrown out of your seat? This journey feels like a blasted one right now." She clucked her tongue before looking up from the book on her lap. "Isabella, ladies do not swear like a mere farmhand. My brother has been trying so hard to teach you to be his son that it seems like you yourself have forgotten that you are, indeed, his daughter. The reason I am taking you with me is that I want you to learn how to be a proper lady before you get married. And proper ladies do not, under any circumstances, use such brash language. Do I make myself clear?" She looked at me with a stern face. I muttered petulantly, "Papa uses such words all the time, so they cannot be that bad." She looked heavenward and sighed. "Everything your papa does is not from the scripture, dear. If I was elder to him, I would have taken him to book for the way he treats you." I was about to argue, because Papa treated me just fine. Maybe he asked me to join him in his study to look over the estate papers with him while Alice, my little sister, got dancing lessons, but I did not begrudge him for that. Because, though dancing looked very enjoyable, my clumsiness would have turned me black and blue with bruises if I tried it. Besides, I loved the riding lessons Papa gave me. Before I could voice my feelings, however, the carriage came to a stop, and the footman, John, came up to the window. "Lady Wood and Miss Swan," he addressed to both my aunt and me, "It seems a gentleman requires a hand with his horse. He is just ahead of us, standing beside the road, asking for help with the horse." My aunt seemed irritated at the interruption to our journey but asked in a calm manner, "What does he want? If he is looking to hitch a lift with us, he can forget it. I am not taking complete strangers with us when I have my niece riding with me." I wanted to roll my eyes at her, but assuming "proper ladies" did not roll their eyes, I restrained myself. John bowed to my aunt and said, "No, my lady, his horse's saddle broke. He just needs someone to help him re-saddle the beast. His horse is a lively one, you see." My aunt then waved her hand, silently telling him to help the man out so that we could be on our way soon. As John walked away, I leaned out of the window, trying to get a glimpse of the horse, and caught sight of the slopes of a set of broad shoulders, a trim waist, and a head full of bronze-coloured hair. His hair was waving in the air, looking wild, and I was intrigued by those locks when suddenly, the head full of hair turned, piercing me with intense green eyes. I felt myself getting mesmerized by the face, too beautiful to belong to a creature from this world. But then the spell broke and the perfectly curved eyebrows sank down into a frown. The man looked away from me and towards the great black horse standing beside him. I felt my aunt tug on my hand. "Isabella, you are a lady, not a dog. Do not hang your head out of the window like that, please." With one last look at the tall figure of the man, I turned away from the window, so absorbed in my tangled thoughts that I did not even try to contradict my aunt with a clever comeback. ~*~*~*My Perfect Gentleman*~*~*~ The rain keeps on falling. I am drenched and, yet I feel no urge to move and seek safety from the torrential rain falling down on me. Instead, I listen to the pitter-patter of raindrops hitting the puddle that has formed near my feet. If I listen intently, I can hear the music in the plain noise. "The rain is the music of nature, love, and this is the music of our love." His words come back to me as I recall how he had placed one hand on the place my heart resides and one on where his own does, just the night before. He has always been able to find amusement in rather unusual matters . My thoughts turn to the music that was playing the night I attended my first London dance ball. ~*~*~*My Perfect Gentleman*~*~*~ "This is beyond ridiculous. How does one expect to breathe in such a restrictive garment? I much prefer my shirt and breeches to this blasted corset!" I muttered under my breath as my aunt escorted me towards the hosts of the ball, Sir and Madam Francis. "Lady Wood, how very nice to see you tonight. When you missed last week's card game, I was afraid we would not be graced with your attendance tonight," Madam Francis, a middle-aged lady, gushed as she took my aunt's hand in her own. In a very pleased tone, my aunt returned the sentiment before turning her attention to me. "May I introduce my niece, Miss Isabella Swan?" This, of course, spiralled into a flurry of introductions to various patrons of the London Society and many forced smiles on my part. I was mentally cursing the day my mother had asked Aunt Victoria to bring me to experience a London Season with her when a sudden flash of bronze caught my eyes. My mind immediately went to the man I had seen about a week ago, before I quickly discarded the notion. There was no way a member of London's Elite Society would ride on a horse alone, so far from the heart of London. This must be someone else. I was trying to turn my attention back to our hostess when Sir Francis interrupted her. "My dear ladies, may I introduce Lord Edward Masen? He is the nephew of my long-time friend Duke Cullen." At once, we all turned to greet the newcomer, and my eyes were instantly captivated, yet again, by those intense green ones. Lord Edward bowed to both Madam Francis and my aunt before reaching for my hand. I was so astonished to see him here that I forgot to give it to him. He waited for a few moments and then arched an eyebrow in question. Thankfully, I caught the glare my aunt was throwing my way, and blushing furiously, I placed my gloved hand in his. He raised my hand to his lips, and instead of bushing his lips on my knuckles, he smiled against my hand, all the while looking right into my eyes. I quickly let my hand fall to my side and tried to avoid his eyes. Those eyes are deadly , I thought to myself. Before I could bring my fan up to my face and hide behind it, Madam Francis said, "It is a lovely evening to dance, Lord Edward. Why do you not ask Miss Swan for a dance? Lovely young people such as yourselves should not stand idly while music is playing." I started to protest, because I knew nothing of dance except the basic waltz, which I had practiced at home with my younger sister, but Aunt Victoria grabbed the opportunity to have me socialize. "What an excellent idea, Madam. Indeed, it would be shame to not have a dance while such good music is playing." Lord Edward shrugged and then held out his hand for mine. "Would you like to dance, Miss Swan?" I wanted to decline, not because I knew I was probably going to trip and make a fool of myself, but because of the resigned look on his face as he asked me. He does not want to dance with me. Do you not see that? I wanted to scream at my aunt, but I did not. Instead, I placed my hand in his and let him escort me to the middle of the dance floor. "Do you find your feet fascinating, or are you afraid of tripping?" I looked up at the sound of his smooth voice. We had been dancing in silence till then, and I had kept my eyes firmly planted on my feet just in case I did trip. But he should not know about that. How can he know what is going on in my head? I found myself frowning at the thought. Remembering how reluctant he had looked at the idea of dancing with me, I held my chin up high and said, "Why do you ask such a thing? I realize you did not want to dance with me, and I had no intention of dancing with you either. So, if you could please manage to spend some time in my proximity until the song ends, I will endeavour not to have you ask me to dance again." An amused glint came into his eyes, and he