Disclaimer: No matter how much I wish I could say otherwise, I do not own the Twilight Saga. A/N: I would like to thank the awesome Breath-of-Twilight for arranging this countdown. And to you, my dear readers … enjoy! :) A Love Like Magic England, 1110 … 8 Years Old "Isabella?" The child hears the sound of her mother's voice as she peeks from behind the big oak tree in the middle of the field. "Isabella? This child tests the last bit of my patience!" Her mother sighs in frustration before turning back toward the farmhouse. Stifling a giggle, Isabella sneaks out of her hiding place. Once she is certain that her mother will not see her, she breaks into a run toward the hill that marks the opposite end of the field. She stumbles a few times but manages to get up and crawl through the expanse of the hill. When she reaches the other side, a gasp leaves her. There, before her, lies a great expanse of green land with wildflowers dotting here and there. Isabella lets out a childish giggle as she runs to the nearest bunch of wildflowers. She reaches out with her hand to pluck the pretty flowers when a voice calls out, "Stop! Don't hurt them." The sudden sound, paired with the thick accent, makes her stop. She looks up from where she is kneeling by the flowerbed. Her curious, chocolate brown eyes meet a pair of worried, grass green ones standing in front of her. She takes in the troubled look on the green-eyed boy's face and asks, "But why?" "You will hurt the flowers—my mama says so," he replies knowledgably. Her eyes widen. "Do flowers really hurt when I pluck them?" He nods urgently. "Yes." Then, he plops down beside her. Isabella examines the boy beside her closely before asking the question that has been on her mind the moment she heard his voice. "Why do you talk funny?" He looks offended by her remark and retorts back, "Why do you talk funny?" She gasps at his behavior. "I do not talk funny!" This time, he shrugs. "Then, neither do I." Isabella nods, her uncomplicated mind accepting that as a fact. She then decides to introduce herself to her new friend just like Momma taught her to and holds her hand out to the boy. "My name is Isabella Swan." He looks at her hand for a moment before taking it in his and smiles at her. "I am Edward Cullen." Isabella stays right there, talking to her new friend until Edward exclaims that he needs to get going if he wants to make it to the study table before his father gets home. That reminds her of her mother searching for her, and she stands up as well, ready to leave this new land with a promise to come back once more just to meet with Edward. 11 Years Old "Edward?" A smile finds its way on Edward's face as he hears Isabella call his name softly. "What, Bella?" His question makes her giggle. "Why do you keep calling me Bella? My name is Isabella, you know?" He lifts his small shoulder in a dainty shrug and says, "You can be Isabella to everyone else, but to me, you are only Bella. Isabella is a very long name." Bella pokes her tongue out at him for teasing her about her name, but in her mind, she does not mind being only his Bella. Edward pretends not to notice the fleeting smile on her lips and asks, "What were you going to say?" "Oh, right!" Bella slaps her forehead for forgetting. "I told Rose about you." He starts to feel worried at the mention of her overprotective sister. "And?" She frowns before saying, "I did not tell her everything. I only told her that I have a best friend who lives across the hill." "What did she say, Bella?" he enquires once more, already expecting it to be something akin to what his Uncle Jacob said to him a few weeks prior. In a small voice, Bella replies, "She said that she hopes you are not a bloody Scot." Edward pinches the bridge of his nose—the way he has seen his papa do when Uncle Jacob makes him mad—and a sudden resentment for all these stupid rules about hating anyone who's English bubbles up in him. "Well, my uncle thinks you are a thieving English!" he retorts before he can even stop himself. He looks in horror as Bella's beautiful brown eyes fill with tears and her lower lip pulls out a little in a pout. She sniffs. "I did not say that I agree with Rosie, Edward!" He reaches out with his hand to wipe the tears from her eyes when a much bigger hand grabs his small one in a tight grip. Looking up, he sees his uncle stand beside him with a murderous expression on his face. "Edward Anthony Cullen! What are ye thinking, lad? Making friends with a thieving English lass?" Edward's step-uncle, Jacob Black, barks out. "Hey!" Bella starts to protest, but Uncle Jacob shoots her down. "Quiet, lass. What in damned hell are ye doing here? Get out and on with yer lot!" he snaps at her, pushing her shoulder lightly. Edward tries to slacken his uncle's hold on him so that he can get to Bella, but Uncle Jacob only tightens his grip. "Quit wriggling, lad," his uncle says to him and then starts to pull him toward their home … away from Bella. "Edward!" He hears Bella call his name one last time before his uncle lifts him up on his shoulder like a sack of potatoes and keeps on walking. Through his own tear-stained eyes, the last glimpse Edward catches of his best friend is her flushed, tear-soaked cheeks as she looks on in dejection. England, 1120 … 18 Years Old "It is useless." Bella shrugs as her sister, Rosalie, tries to reason with her once more. "Isabella, listen to me. This is madness. He has not seen you in seven years! I am positive he would not remember you. If he does not remember you, then what is the point of making this journey?" Taking a deep breath, Bella starts, "Rose …" But her best friend, Alice, steps in for her at that moment. "Rosalie, stop being so negative! Isabella wants to go and find her long lost friend. It is sweet. Besides, you cannot know for sure that he will not remember her." Rosalie casts an angry glare at Alice for instigating her already out-of-control little sister and then snaps, "It is a hostile territory, Alice! Goodness! Do you not know that the boy lives among the Scots?" "Enough!" Bella finally grumbles loudly. "Stop talking as if I am not even present here, will you?" She waits for a moment to check whether either of them will dare to start speaking again, but when they remain quiet, she says slowly, "Rosalie, you are probably right. It is highly possible that he has indeed forgotten me." She stops to take a breath, and when Rosalie opens her mouth, she holds up a hand to silence her before continuing. "But that does not mean that I will abandon my wish to find him. I just want to see him once … one time. The day we were separated, I did not have the chance to say goodbye to him. That is the reason I want to go and see him now." As soon as she stops talking, Rosalie asks, "But why now? Why did you not go when you were separated?" Bella looks at her sister for a moment before answering. "Rose, we lost Mother to the fever only a handful of weeks after that, and you know how overprotective Father has been of us since then." "You think he will not notice you sneaking off now ?" her sister retorts. "Oh, he will," Bella says with a nod. "But the recent dispute with the neighbor has been on the forefront of his mind for a while now, and I hope to be able to get out of here undetected because of his preoccupation." Rosalie looks heavenward, as if frustrated with her headstrong sister. "You cannot expect to do that on your own, Isabella." "Why will she be alone?" Alice exclaims. "I will be with her." Ever the worrywart, Rosalie cries out, "But then the two of you will be alone!" "Nonsense! I will be with Isabella, and she will be with me," Alice states as if it should have been obvious to Rosalie. Sighing, Rosalie speaks through gritted teeth. "That is exactly what I said, Alice." Before two of her confidants could get into a more convoluted conversation, Bella grabs her sister's hand and says urgently, "Why not come with us, Rose? Then we would not be so alone." Catching on to Bella's plan, Alice quickly grabs Rosalie's other hand and joins in the pleading. "Pretty please, Rose?" Rosalie scowls at the two of them before nodding. "All right. We go and see this Edward Cullen and then come straight back home." Bella throws her arms around her sister's neck and embraces her tightly. "Thank you so much, Rosie," she whispers. The smile in Rosalie's voice is evident when she pats Bella's back affectionately. "Anytime, little sister." Thirteen Hours Later As Bella, along with her two accomplices, softly start to walk out of her father's house, a voice stops them. "Rosalie? There you are. We need to talk. The neighbors are getting out of hand." Their father keeps on talking about the situation with Rosalie while Bella hides behind her sister. Bella holds her breath and waits for him to acknowledge her, but that does not happen. When she carefully opens her eyes, she sees that her sister and her best friend are standing shoulder to shoulder, hiding her behind their backs. She turns her head to see the slightly open doorway on the other side. Taking a deep breath, she slowly steps away from her family, knowing in her heart what she needs to do to get to Edward. ~*~*~*A Love Like Magic*~*~*~ "Are you sure about this, Isabella? That land is hostile to us," Tanya Denali remarks seriously. Bella looks up at the woman employed to keep the borders guarded against anyone who dares to step into the Scottish Highlands and nods. "I know, Ms. Denali. But I need to do this. I need to see him." The tremble in her voice must catch Tanya's notice, because she lays a hand on Bella's shoulder and asks softly, "You love him, do you not?" Biting her lip, Bella responds, "I don't know anything about love, Ms. Denali, but I do know that he is the only man I have held in my heart for as long as I can remember." "That's love, dear." Tanya says, and after a moment of silence, she adds, "All right, Isabella, I will let you pass, but on one condition." Bella asks worriedly, "What condition?" "You must not speak while you are there," Tanya replies. "Try to understand, child, this is for your safety. If you speak, the Scots will know you are English, and who knows what those brutes will do then? Promise me that you will not speak when you are in Scotland." Slowly, Bella nods, understanding the older woman's reasoning. "Very well, Ms. Denali, I will pretend to be mute. In this way, they will think of me as one of their own and will not perceive me as a threat." Tanya leads Bella toward the border that separates their land from the Highlands and whispers, "Godspeed, Isabella. May you find your heart in that heartless land." Allowing herself one last look at the distant silhouette of the house she grew up in, Bella steps over the mark that indicates the end of England. ~*~*~*A Love Like Magic*~*~*~ Around midday the next day,