Disclaimer: No copyright infringement intended. I do not own any publicly recognizable figures, just the plot line. A/N: This future-take contains materials of sexual nature. So if you are below 18 years of age, or find such situations offending, you probably should not be reading this. This one was the piece I donated to the Fandom Gives cause. So, I hope you like it. Before you delve into this fluffy one-shot, I suggest you read my it's prequel, Change My Mind. Here's the link: s/10233873/1/Change-My-Mind Phases of Change The first thing that registers on my mind, as I slowly awaken, is not the sunlight or the sounds of birds chirping — it is the hand that is running up and down my bare back. I burrow my face against my favorite pillow — his chest. He probably senses my wakefulness and places a kiss on my forehead. The kiss makes me feel cherished. A happy sigh escapes me. Who knew I had so much love and happiness in my destiny? "Bella, love, wake up and give me a kiss. I have been having withdrawals." His velvet smooth voice makes me smile against his sternum. The moment he feels my upturned lips on his skin, he places his other hand on my cheek and lifts my face to take my lips in a kiss. I let out a soft moan and roll over him completely, trapping him underneath me so that he cannot get out of bed. He smiles at my playfulness and then cups my face in both his hands before looking in my eyes. "Marry me, love." My lust evaporates immediately and with a frustrated sigh, I sit up, trying to avoid the topic yet again. But Edward has something different in mind this time. He sits up with me and runs his hand over my shoulder. Leaning in, he places a feather-light kiss on the place where my neck meets my shoulder — the place where he had kissed and sucked so exquisitely the night before that the mark of his love had been left on my skin. After a few kisses he leans back and pleads again, "Please, B, I love you. Marry me." I meet his hopeful eyes with growing trepidation and whisper, "I love you too, Ed, so much. But I — I can't ." A frustrated groan leaves his mouth as he pinches the bridge of his nose. With his eyes closed, he asks, "Why, Bella? Do you not have faith in me? Do you not trust me enough to build a life with me?" The frustration and dejection is his voice shatters my heart into a million pieces. I reach out and take his hand in mine. Fingering the lines on his palm, I reply, "Edward, if there's one person I trust more than myself, it's you. I have complete faith in you. It's me I don't trust." He frowns at my justification and prods. "What do you mean, baby?" I take a deep breath and say timidly, "Edward, I am a child of divorce. I saw my mother cheat on my dad. I heard her blame him of negligence, for working all the time. I saw how marriage and family and everything else just pushed them further away. I saw my dad drive himself in a drunken stupor because of my mother's choices. And I… I don't want that for us. Please try to understand. I love you too much to see you get hurt like my dad." I can hear the pleading in my voice, and so does he. He places a finger on my lips and then gives me a sad smile. "Bella, I am from an entirely different family. I have grown up seeing my dad being shamelessly sweet with my mom. I have seen their love grow with time. Not every couple is like Charlie and Reneé. I am no Charlie. I can compartmentalize my time between work and home. You know that already, B. And you're definitely no Reneé. By your own admission, you love me too much to want to see me get hurt. But, love, the only one who can hurt me is you. And because you love me so much, there's no chance of my being hurt at all." I shake my head, knowing there is no finishing the argument. Edward slips one hand in my hair to steady my head and then says with a smile, "Besides, we have been a family for a long time, love. You promised to be my family, remember? I am just trying to help you keep your promise." I chuckle and nod before fisting his hair in my hand and bringing his lips to mine. "All right there, Dr. Cheesy Lines. What do you want for breakfast?" He knows that I am changing the topic but allows it nonetheless, and soon he joins me in the kitchen where we make pancakes for breakfast together. Just before leaving for the hospital, he takes me in his arms and kisses me softly, tenderly… lovingly. Leaning his forehead against mine, he says, "Just let your heart lead you, baby. Don't set your mind based on an atypical case." I nod, trying to bid him goodbye on a happy note. Another kiss, a wink and then he is out of the door. ~*~*~* Phases of Change*~*~*~ Closing the door behind Edward, I lean against it. Suddenly, the scene brings back a memory from our past. A memory where I am engulfed in Edward's strong arms, as he kisses me against a door— the first time we kissed . I feel my heart start to beat a little faster remembering the way his mouth melded with mine. Shaking myself out of the stupor, I walk up to our bedroom, planning on making the bed. I cannot stop myself from bringing his pillow up to my nose and inhaling his scent. It might be completely stalker-ish of me, but I love his smell. I still remember how good he smelled the first time I buried my nose in his chest— the first time we made love . I suddenly feel warm, as the memories of that night assaults my mind. That was the night when he first told me he loved me. With the bed made, I walk back to the dining room to clean up remnants of our breakfast. As I carry the dirty dishes to the sink, I remember the first time Edward cooked breakfast for me. I feel my blood rush to my cheeks as the morning comes to my mind. It was one week after we had gotten together and the morning after our first date. I had woken up that morning in an empty bed and the smell of fried eggs forcing me to get out of the wonderfully warm bed. I gathered up the sheets around me, before going to inspect the source of the smell and was met with Edward standing in my kitchen. He was wearing my apron and a wide grin on his face… and nothing else. Seeing me, he put down the spatula and sauntered over to me. When he was within arms' reach, he wrapped me in his arms and kissed my lips. "Good morning, love. I was hoping to get you breakfast in bed." I hugged him closely and inhaled his scent before purring like a cat. "Mmm… it's a very good morning. I don't mind waiting in here for you to finish up, though. After all, I'll have a great view in here." He chuckled, "Really, Ms. Swan? You wanna watch while I burn my ass off cooking for you?" I slipped my hands to grab his ass and squeezed lightly. "No burning this ass. I kind of love this ass… and the man attached to it." He placed a loving kiss on my forehead. "Then I'll protect it at all cost… for you, of course." Then he walked back to the stove, pointedly showing off the ass in question. I giggled, enjoying the domestic feeling. "How very thoughtful of you, Dr. Cullen!" He simply winked at me, and I asked as an afterthought, "Why are you wearing just the apron, anyway?" He smirked at me. "I was hoping for a little dessert after breakfast…" He looked up and down my sheet-covered body and added, "Looks like you had similar thoughts." I blushed. Then a thought struck me. " I love this man. I had let him do down-right sinful things to me the night before. Then why feel shy now? " So I squared my shoulders and grinned at him, "You may be right about that." Edward groaned before walking back to me and taking my lips in a possessive kiss. After that we had dessert — right on my dining table — before he remembered the now-cold breakfast. Eh, who said dessert couldn't be had before breakfast anyway? ~*~*~* Phases of Change *~*~*~ After lunch, I try writing the article I am due to submit the next week, but my mind keeps going back to Edward's words from this morning. Finally, I give up writing and decide to do something that doesn't require thinking. So, I choose to do the laundry. There is not much laundry in the basket: a few of my tank tops, Edward's sweatshirts, my lounge pants and a set of his scrubs. As I see both of our clothes mixed up together, I cannot help but remember the evening Edward asked me to move in with him. A giggle escapes me at the thought. It was six months after we had started dating. We had just returned to my place after a group date night with my brother and his wife and Alice and Jasper. I was walking up to the bedroom, knowing Edward must be tired after a day of work followed by date night. However, Edward stopped me by taking hold of my hand. I looked at him, silently asking him what was wrong. He gave me a reassuring smile and said, "Why don't you go ahead and get ready for bed, baby? I just need a drink of water. I'll be there soon." I nodded and pecked his lips before going on my way. After a few minutes, I had taken off my makeup and changed into my usual sleepwear of Edward's t-shirt and boy shorts, when he came to join me. He had his hands behind him. With a mischievous glint in his eyes, he sat down beside me and said, "I have something for you." I narrowed my eyes at him. "Edward, you know I don't like you spending a lot of money on me." He shook his head. "Nope. It is the cheapest thing I have gotten you… ever." The curiosity finally got the best of me, and I held out my hand. "In that case, I think I can forgive you." He smiled and brought his hands forward. He was holding three balloons in both of his hands and looking at me expectantly. I was at a loss. Why was he buying me balloons? Then I saw writing on one and looked more closely. There was one word written on each of the balloons in his elegant script: move. in. me . I quirked an eyebrow at him and smirked. " Move in me? I think that's supposed to be my line." He grimaced. "I was hoping you wouldn't notice the missing ' with. ' I swear I had four balloons all ready for you. But some kid must have seen them on my desk at the hospital and pinched a hole in the third one. When I was downstairs, I found it out, so I had to leave it." I wanted to pull his leg for just a bit longer but the sad puppy dog eyes — which I swear he mastered from Alice — made me change my mind. So I stood up, took the