Disclaimer: The author does not own any of the publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A/N: This was my entry for the Bandward Contest. I didn't win, but if these crazy kids manage to make you smile, that's good enough for me. :) Guitar Hero I close my eyes as I let my hand drift lazily over the guitar resting on my lap—the guitar she gave me on our first anniversary. Its black exterior looks a bit faded now after six years, but the music that comes out of it still sounds sweeter to me than any other expensive instrument I have used. Because, to me, it represents her—my Bella—the only girl I have ever loved. I can feel the anxiety and fear of rejection creep up on me as I sit in the dimly lit green room. Tonight is the night. I have been working toward this night for the last seven years of my life ... of our lives together. A slap on my shoulder makes me open my eyes and look up to see my older brother, Emmett, standing before me. "Hey, man, you're not chickening out, are you?" he asks with a goofy grin, showing me that he is joking. I scoff and move my shoulder, making his hand slide off. "Talk about yourself, Em. You're the chicken in the family. I know it, you know it, Mom and Dad know it. Hell, I bet Rose knows it too." His smile does not falter a bit as he shrugs. "Yeah. But you are the mopey one among us." I narrow my eyes at him and say, "I am not mopey." He gives me a dimpled smile and shoots back, "Oh yeah? How about when you kissed Bella and she puked on your shoes? I remember you moping around for a week then." I grimace at the memory and reply, "I was a teenager then, Em. At seventeen, you'd be sad too, if your girlfriend puked on your shoes after your first public kiss." "Aha!" he says triumphantly. "But that didn't happen to me. Not one of my girlfriends ever puked after kissing me. So, there you go, on kissing skills, Em-100 and Eddie-0." I shake my head at him and say dryly, "Are you sure you're a father now?" He puffs out his chest and replies proudly, "Yep. And my kid just turned three last month." "I know, Em. I was there. And being his uncle, I do know how old Damien is," I say in a matter-of-fact tone. Before we can continue on with our ridiculous and completely pointless discussion, there is a knock on the door, followed by Jasper, our keyboardist, peeking through a small gap on the door. "Dudes!" he calls out in his usual greeting, "What's up? Why the long faces?" Emmett once again claps me on the back and says, "Eddie here is being a chicken ... again." I start to open my mouth, ready to chew his head off for calling me Eddie and chicken when Jasper walks up to sit beside me and looks at me with sympathy. "Are you really worried about this, dude?" he asks, sounding concerned. I grimace and shrug. "I don't ... what if she hates it?" Jasper gives me a half-smile and says, "You really think Bella will ever hate your music? Dude, you guys have been together forever! She knows you. She won't hate it. Just calm yourself down and give it your best shot." I nod, knowing that Bella would never tell me she hates anything I composed. When he thinks I am over my self-doubt, Jasper reminds us that the show is going to start within twenty minutes and then leaves the room, no doubt hoping to squeeze in a phone call with Alice, his girlfriend and Bella's sister, beforehand. "It's gonna be okay, man. I just know it will." The serious tone of voice coming from my usually goofy brother makes me look up from the guitar on my lap. In a slightly hopeful voice I ask, "You think so?" His expression is all sage-like as he nods. "Of course. If she can love you despite that scarecrow hairdo you have going on, she's bound to love the raucous shit you're about to play," he finishes with a grin. "Fuck you, Em!" I snap at him, making him shake his head in mock-exasperation. "Now, now, little brother," he says, waggling a finger in my face, "that would be considered incest now, wouldn't it?" I put my guitar down and scramble up to my feet, ready to pummel him to the ground, disregarding the fact that he is about twice my size. But before I can take another step toward him, he winks at me and rushes out of the room. When I am alone once again, I realize what my stupid brother had been up to. He distracted me from the hopeless frustration I was letting take hold of me ... for a little while . I hear sound checks happening on the stage and the voices of hundreds, maybe even thousands of people screaming and chanting our band's name. Taking a deep breath, I think back to the day I found my true muse in the form of my Bella. ~*~*~*Flashback*~*~*~ I was sitting in my room and going over the sheets of music I had been working on for the past few months. It was my present to Bella for our first anniversary. Shit! I hope I get a chance to sneak her into the music room tomorrow, I thought, because the only guitar I had access to was the one in the school music room and music happened to be the only class Bella did not have with me. I get so lost in my music that it wasn't until my phone chimed with an incoming text that I realized it was already past midnight. Hey there, Mr. Cullen, care to come over for a few minutes so that your girl can wish you a happy anniversary? ~Bella~ I felt a wide smile stretching on my lips as I typed out my reply, already getting up from my bed to head over to her. What my girl wants, my girl gets. On my way, baby. ~Edward~ Five minutes later, I had jogged across our backyard and was knocking on Bella's window. Her beautiful face appeared from a gap between the curtains before she opened the window, allowing me to crawl through. I wrapped my arms around her waist and brought her close to my chest, and then I asked, "You're not feeling queasy, are you, baby?" She slapped my chest for my teasing and said with a cute pout on her lips, "I told you already. Rosalie slipped me bourbon from her dad's cellar. I was bound to throw up." I chuckled as I tilted her chin with my thumb and forefinger and brought her lips to mine for a sweet kiss. "And I told you already," I said softly after separating our mouths, "I love teasing you." She pushed me away playfully and said with her hands perched on either side of her hips, "Fine. Then you're not getting your present. I might just throw it away ..." Because I was a horny eighteen-year-old, I grabbed her hands and brought her flush to my body. "I think I quite like my present. So no thanks. You won't need to throw it away." She slipped her fingers into my hair and giggled. "You're such a horn-ball. I didn't mean me as your present. I really got you something." I looked around her room expectantly and then my eyes landed on the large package lying on her bed. Putting an innocent smile on my face, I gave her my best crooked smile—the smile that made her melt every single time. "If I promise to be a good boy, can I get my present then?" I asked hopefully. She kissed the tip of my nose and then taking my hand in hers led me toward the bed. She gestured to the package and said shyly, "I know you wanted to buy one, but I really wanted to be the one to get you your first." I cheekily wanted to say something ridiculous like, "You really were my first, baby," but since I promised to be good, I didn't do that. Instead, I sat on the bed and took the carefully wrapped package in my hand before starting to open it. Once the wrapping fell away, I stared slack-jawed at the instrument sitting before me. When I could locate my vocal cords, I stammered, "Baby, what ..." She bit her lip and then approached me. Taking a seat on my lap, she wrapped an arm around my neck and said, "I love your music, Edward, and I know it in my heart that one day, you're gonna do something amazing with your music. Like I said, I just wanted to be the one to get you your first guitar." Shaking my head at my girl, I kissed her hard and then whispered, "Do you know how perfect you are, Bella? How much I loveyou?" She placed a kiss on my chin and said with a wink, "I think I might have an inkling. Now, how about you play something for me? I want to be there when you break in the guitar." I rearranged her on my lap so that we were both facing the front and then picked up the guitar to lay it on her lap. Mindful of her parents sleeping two doors down, I softly strummed my fingers across the strings. I placed a kiss on the side of her neck and then asked, "Can I give you my present now?" Her eyebrows scrunched up, but she nodded. Smiling at her, I kissed her neck once more before letting my fingers dance on the strings, creating the music I wrote just for her. When I was halfway through the song, I felt her shoulders shake and stopped playing. Turning my head to the side, I peeked at her only to see that she had tear tracks running down her cheeks. With a sniffle she said, "Why did you stop? Please go on. I'm sorry for crying. It's just ... it's so beautiful, Edward." "Beautiful music for my beautiful girl," I said, kissing her forehead, and then I went back to playing. When I was finished, she allowed me to put the guitar down on her bed before attacking me with her lips. "I love you, Edward. You're my Guitar Hero," she said in a breathless whisper after a while. I simply grinned at the new nickname she had given me and then brought her head down to mine, kissing the ever-loving shit out of her. ~*~*~*Flashback Ends*~*~*~ "Ed, dude, get your ass in gear. We're live in ten," I hear Jasper's voice through the door, snapping me back to the present. I allow my hand to run over the guitar and then stand up. I have a live concert to play, and my girl sitting before the TV set is gonna get the surprise of her life. I can do this. ~*~*~*Guitar Hero*~*~*~ The crowd is wild with excitement as the show gets to the end. It has been a good show. The people in San Francisco make a really good audience. As the lead singer of the band, I go ahead and announce the last song we are going to play. "Hey there, San Francisco!" I shout out to the audience. "Since you've been such a great audience tonight, I want to ask for your help for something that's pretty important to me. What do you say? Are you gonna help me?" The resounding chorus of affirmatives is deafening. I chance a look at my band mates. Jazz salutes me from his keyboard, Em holds up his drumsticks in a thumbs-up sign, and