Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners...blah, blah, blah, you know the drill. Universe: This one-shot takes place after Eclipse. Notes: I was very flattered that one of my all-time favorite wolf-girls, whether it was as a writer, administrator, Jacob lover or just a friend in general won me in a silent auction. I knew I'd have a lot to live up to and I still don't think I've measured up to anything she's done in the past. Still, here's JB's prompt to me: Bella and Jake are about to celebrate their 25th wedding anniversary! The plan is to renew their wedding vows. They have at least 2-3 children and still live in LaPush. Jacob reflects back to the night in Bella's room at her dad's house, which had changed their lives forever. Bella had finally broke it off with Edward several weeks before, after she realized that she did indeed lose her best friend Jacob, due to her initial stupid plans to marry Edward. She realized that she did indeed love and need Jacob more than life itself. He had been refusing to see her, he has pride too, but gave in that night, however, he still does not trust her words 100% so she shows him. Bella had a plan to seduce him... JB also wanted this to be told in Jacob's POV and since this is always a challenge to me, I accepted it. As further incentive, JB had her fellow wolf-girl (another wolf-girl I fangirl over) EnjoyYourJacob, make me a banner to go with the one-shot. The title and main theme comes from Rhianna's song, Stay, which JB said reminded her of Jacob. The banner is at (http:)/(img). /albums/v629/Shadowlynx/Team%20Jacob%20Banners/Sta y_zpsd4c648a7.(jpeg) (Jacob POV) Stay. One word was all it took. Over the years, that one word had echoed in my mind over and over again. It had made so many different emotions rise up inside of me when she had said it in that soft whisper of hers. Stay, Jacob…please? Stay. I sighed contentedly as my eyes roamed over the little hutch that my kids had set up on a couple of crates covered in a sheet, in the corner of our living room. Back when they were six, my eldest twin daughters had put the crates there, then filled it with things that were special to them. Later, my son and youngest daughter added their own things to the mix too, creating a sort of treasure trove of memories of our family life. Today was our twenty-fifth wedding anniversary and all I could think of was the day my wife had changed our future for the better with that one little word. Even though I had let go of my wolf years ago, I still retained some of the enhanced senses it had given me, plus my body was still in better shape than most forty-three year olds. Bella had been lucky too, at least in my mind she was still as beautiful as the day we had gotten married. She may have a few grey hairs like I did, but I still wanted her as much as I had wanted her that day in Charlie's house when she had asked me to stay. I remembered everything like it was yesterday, even now that emotional time was still fresh in my mind. Bella was supposed to be marrying her leech in a few days but I had already cut off contact before that day. Once I had received the wedding invitation, there had been no going back for me, so I had lost myself in my wolf side, deep inside the Olympic National Forest. I had remained in wolf form for weeks, ignoring the voices of my wolf pack in my head and the occasional mournful wolf howls that I could hear in the forest. Living off of the land while sleeping beneath the trees, I had let go of the human side of myself so that I couldn't feel the way my heart bled from losing the girl I loved. It was Seth who had finally found me, having been asked by Bella to bring me back if he could. At first I had resisted, my wolf's hackles rising as I growled at him, baring my teeth in warning. Even back then, he hadn't been easily scared of me, sending me messages from Bella through our mind link. She had been trying to get a hold of me for a while, it seemed. Calling my house and even venturing down to La Push to try to find me. She needed to talk to me, she had said. Seth had told me it was important that I talk to her, but he wouldn't say why. How he had managed to keep secrets from me through our minds was beyond me at the time because I had never thought he was as strong as I was. It had taken another two days for Seth to get me to at least call her, even providing the cell phone to do so. I phased long enough to grab the phone from him, dialing Bella's number, then waited for her to pick up. "Hello?" The sadness in her voice over the phone nearly had me walking back to Forks in my birthday suit. Instead, I had shoved down the need to comfort her as I growled into the phone. "What do you want, Bella?" "Jake," she gasped, "Where are you? Are you okay?" "I'm fine." I snapped. "Seth said you wanted to talk to me, so talk." She sighed. "Not over the phone, Jacob. Can you come to Charlie's? Tonight?" I huffed. "Whatever you need to say, just say it. You know I can't see you anymore." "Please, Jake, this is important." "Whatever, Bella." "Just give me a chance tonight, Jacob. I can explain everything." "There's nothing else to say Bella!" I had growled, trying not to crush the cell phone. "You made your choice and…" "Please!" she begged. "I need…Jake…please come see me tonight. I need to…talk to you." There had been something in her voice, something I couldn't ignore no matter how much the human side of me had wanted to. She had hurt me, yet I could feel myself being drawn to her side once more. My mind had told me to tell her no, but that's not what came out of my mouth. "Fine," I groused. "I'll be there." I had hung up before she could say another word, then tossed the phone back to Seth with a glare. "Happy now?" He'd grinned at me. "Want me to call Leah to pick us up?" I shook my head as I began walking away from him. "You can go. I'm running back." I hadn't stuck around to see if he was following. Phasing on the run, I made it back to my father's house within a few hours. He hadn't been home that day, so I went to shower and clean up before I had to meet Bella at her house. My hair had grown a few inches in the weeks I had been gone and I needed a shave badly, so I knew that would keep me busy until it was time to go. It had felt strange being back in clothing after living as a wolf for so long. Despite putting on a simple pair of jeans and a t-shirt, my skin had still protested the feel of the worn cotton against it. I fought the urge to constantly scratch or yank the clothes off of me so I could return to wolf form. I went to the kitchen where I made me a couple of sandwiches to tide me over until the talk with Bella was done. Swallowing them whole, I'd washed them down with a warm soda then made my way out to the garage. Luckily my bike had seemed to be running well despite not being used for a few weeks. Later that night, it hadn't taken me long to get to Bella's house, despite not having been there in a while, I still knew the way well enough that I could have done it with my eyes closed even while driving the bike. Apparently she had been waiting for me since I didn't even have to knock but once before the door had flown open and she threw herself at me. "Oh Jacob! I was so worried about you! I'm so glad you're okay! I've missed you so much!" I remember standing there in shock, blinking my confusion away as she hugged me as tight as she could. When I realized she wasn't letting me go any time soon, I had slowly wrapped my own arms around her although it wasn't like the hugs I used to give her. "I'm fine," I said, adding hesitantly, "I…I missed you too." Finally she had stepped back, but only so far so that she could look up at me. "Come inside, I made lasagna. We can catch up while we eat." I had allowed her to tug my hand, knowing even then that she had wanted me to follow her while ignoring the grumble of my stomach that seemed excited at the prospect of more food despite the two sandwiches I had eaten earlier. Bella looked back at me with a hesitant smile, clearly she had heard my stomach too, but she didn't say anything about it. In the kitchen, she had me sit down before bustling around the room fixing me a plate of food and something to drink. Then she sat across from me, silently eating her own meal for a while until I was almost finished with my second helping. Picking at what was left on her plate, she had finally spoken up. "So, where have you been?" I let my fork drop to my plate as I sat back. "No where." She had glanced up at me before looking down at her plate again. "Are…are you okay?" "Fine," I'd answered, crossing my arms over my chest. "Seth said you took off and you weren't talking to anybody. Even Charlie was worried and…" "I said I was fine!" I interrupted. "What's it matter anyway? You should be busy planning your wedding!" Her head had finally snapped up so that her eyes met mine. I was glaring at her, but even I could see the sudden fire in her eyes. "I care about you because you're my best friend!" she snapped. I had arched an eyebrow at her. "So?" Her jaw had actually clenched as she threw her fork down on her plate. "Ugh! I swear, Jacob! Why are you being such an ass? I'm trying to talk to you, damn it! To tell you what has happened since you've been gone and all you can do is growl and snap at me!" I could still remember the way I had stood up, towering over her and ignoring the fact that that was the first time I had ever heard her swear. I had even growled. "I'm not interested in hearing about your wonderful new life with those leeches!" She had stood up too, clearly not intimidated by my height or anger. "Oh really? So, you're not interested in hearing that I'm not gonna marry one of your enemies after all, are you?" I had blinked, thinking to myself, did she say what I thought she said? "Wait. What?" She gritted her teeth. "You heard me!" I swallowed. "You're…you're not marrying the le…um, Cullen?" She arched an eyebrow at me when I had gaped at her. "Seriously?" All of the fight had suddenly went out of her as she plopped back down into her chair and sighed. "I called off the wedding." Those were words I'd wanted to hear for so long before that day, so I couldn't understand how she could blame me for the disbelief that I knew was on my face. Slowly