Disclaimer: All public stuff belongs to SM, you know the rest. Universe: AU, could almost be all human. Note: This is a mature theme inspired by a photograph of Taylor Lautner from one of his photoshoots. The photo is included in the banner made by Mist. You can find it at: (http:)/(img). /albums/v629/Shadowlynx/Team%20Jacob%20Banners/punitivemeasures_zpsrytlrejn.(jpg) Jacob Black tilted his head slightly, trying desperately to hear a sound, any sound that gave away signs of life. He shifted in the folding chair to get more comfortable, but that proved useless. His hands were tied behind his back, the scratchy rope digging into his wrists. A soft blindfold covered his eyes, and something made of cloth was tied around his mouth keeping him from calling out for help. For the moment there weren't any sounds that he could hear, telling him that he was alone. He had no idea where he was since he'd been tied and bound from the moment he was captured, but at least he could feel what he thought was carpet beneath his shoes. Luckily, he still had his clothes, but his shirt had been ripped in several places from being dragged to the chair. He wished he knew why this was happening to him. Why would someone want to hold him hostage? Why had he been roughly blindfolded and gagged and then dragged to a chair. He had no idea how much time had passed, but it seemed like forever since he'd been left there all alone. Once again, he tried to free his hands, but whoever tied the rope knew what they were doing. He was still struggling when he heard what could only be the click of a lock from somewhere nearby. He froze, turning his head in the direction of the noise, hoping to figure out what was going on. A door closed softly before faint footsteps made their way towards him. He swallowed nervously behind his gag and then tried to talk through it. A hand grabbed hold of his hair, yanking his head backwards before a husky voice snapped, "No talking! I'm the only one around to hear you anyway!" He felt the hand release his hair, only to feel a finger, with a decidedly sharp nail, trail from behind his ear down along his jaw. "Now, listen closely, handsome. You are here, alive and relatively unharmed, because I wish it so. However, if you decide to be uncooperative or try to escape, you will be punished." The finger left his skin as silence reigned for a moment before he felt the pad of a thumb caress his lower lip. Husky Voice whispered, "Do what I say, and I promise … you won't regret it. I'll make sure things will be … pleasant for you. Understand?" Jacob swallowed as he tried to understand what was happening. Finally deciding he should play along until he could figure out a way to escape, he hesitated for a moment and then slowly nodded. "Good," said Husky Voice. Again there was silence until the sudden feel of teeth biting his earlobe made him jerk. He felt warm breath as Husky Voice's lips brushed his ear. "Now, relax, handsome," she said. "You can make noises, but if I think you're trying to communicate with anyone outside of this room, you won't like what I'll do to you." Fingers curled around the nape of his neck as he felt teeth nip at his lower lip. "If I think you've been a good boy, I may take the gag off. Who knows? Maybe I'll even get rid of the blindfold too." A tongue trailed over his lip, removing the sting of the bite. The hand moved up into his hair, gripping to tilt his head back. Then he felt teeth begin to tease their way down his neck. He squirmed in the chair, suddenly aware that his body was reacting to what was happening to him. As the tongue swirled around his Adam's apple, he swallowed. A shudder rolled down his spine when he felt a hot mouth suck at the junction where neck met shoulder, and then he groaned when the suction turned into a hard bite. It wasn't enough to break skin, but it was enough to make his dick stand up and take notice. Jacob couldn't believe this was happening to him! He was told to just sit there and be compliant. How was he supposed to stay still while being molested? Why was his body betraying him? Hands on his chest preceded the sound of his t-shirt being ripped in half. Cool air made his skin break out into goosebumps until fingers skimmed down his exposed torso. The weight of a body settled over his thighs, sliding closer to his hips until warmth rubbed against his groin. The hands continued to glide over his chest, teasing his skin even as the warmth stroked his jean-covered groin until his head fell back, and a pleasurable moan pushed past the gag. "That's it," purred Husky Voice at his ear. "Relax and enjoy this. Let me hear how much you like these pleasant feelings." His mind tried to rebel. He tried to tell his body to stop reacting to the sensual feel of the soft body rubbing against his harder one. He tried to ignore the way the warm mouth felt against his heated skin. He even tried to ignore the heat of what he was certain was a woman's center sliding against his hard and aching groin. But he knew he was in serious trouble when fingers dipped beneath his jeans to tease his pubic hair. A longer moan escaped his gag. "Mmm, you feel so good against me, handsome. Even through your pants and my clothes, I can feel how much you are enjoying this." He groaned. It seemed his initial fears when he realized he was bound and gagged were wrong. He wasn't being held for ransom, nor was he going to be beaten or killed. No, it was a different kind of death that awaited his traitorous body. The weight of her body shifted back towards his knees before he felt fingers undoing his jeans. He whimpered and then began to shift his hips in different directions. He had no idea if he was trying to remove both her hands and body, or was he trying to beg for more stimulation. With no warning, nails left a burning trail down his abdomen even as a hand yanked his head backwards. He yelled through the gag, trying to push past the sudden pain to listen to what she hissed at him. "What did I say? Escape and I'll punish you! Do you really want the pain to get worse than what you just received?" He resisted the urge to whimper as he swallowed his fear of the unknown. Taking a few deep breaths, he tried to relax before finally shaking his head. She seemed to wait a few more moments as if making sure he wasn't going to start up again. Then he felt her release the tight grip she had on his hair. "Good," she praised as her fingers massaged the pain from his head. "Remember, cooperate, and you will feel nothing but pleasure." Jacob swallowed as he nodded. Her hand disappeared from his hair as her weight left his lap. No longer able to feel her at all, he listened as the silence stretched on, making him wonder if she had left him alone again. He heard the faint rustle of cloth, and then warm breath coasted over his abdomen seconds before a wet tongue laved the fading pain left over from her scratching nails. It continued to caress his skin as her hands returned to the task of undoing his jeans. This time he obediently remained calm, lifting his hips when she tapped them with her fingers. He felt her drag both his jeans and boxers down over his thighs until she let them pool around his ankles. He shuddered when he realized he was essentially as naked and helpless as the day he was born and completely at the mercy of a woman he couldn't see. Her fingers caressed his thighs for a few moments, and he swore he could feel her eyes trailing over his exposed body. Another shudder rolled through him when he tried to imagine the look on her face as she devoured his nudity with her gaze. The gag stifled his gasp even as his body jerked at the feather-like brush of her fingers along the underside of his shaft. He heard her chuckle as he hardened even more from that touch. "Oh, yes, you really like that, don't you?" He knew she didn't need a response as her fingers continued to stroke him in a way that made his breath quicken. Her mouth returned to teasing his torso with nips and licks in random places while her hand curled tighter around his shaft. When she took a nipple into her mouth and sucked, he nearly saw stars. Not even the gag could hold back the serrated moan that came from deep inside him, but it was enough to make her release him from her grasp. This time he did protest, but only to try to get her to continue what she had been doing. He even thrust his hips in a way to indicate that he wanted her to keep touching him. A hand settled on his side as her tongue traced the shell of his ear. "Relax, handsome. I'm not done with you yet." He took deep breaths through his nose, trying to get his body under control. She seemed to know when he reached that point because she once again seated herself on his lap. It took a moment for him to realize what he felt against his body was her bare flesh instead of cloth. He groaned as she leaned closer to him, pressing her soft, plump breasts against his chest. As she rubbed her body over his, he could feel her stiff nipples teasing his pectorals even as warm, moist heat covered his groin. He was losing himself to the pleasurable sensations but was aware enough to feel her take him in hand and then guide him into her welcoming body. Throwing his head back, he moaned as he tried not to lift his hips to bury himself deeper, knowing she was in control of everything. She slid her hands up his torso, curling them over his shoulders as she leaned in closer. "Are you listening to me?" she asked. He took a moment to compose himself before lifting his head to nod. "Good. Now, since you haven't given me much trouble, I'm going to remove the gag. But I'm warning you, if I suspect you're disobeying me, I'll put it back. Understood?" Again he nodded. Her fingers wrapped around the cloth as she said, "You are still not allowed to talk, but feel free to sound out your pleasure." She pulled it from his mouth, letting it settle around his neck. She remained still and silent as he licked his lips and worked the feeling back into his mouth. Her fingers trailed over his lips as she whispered, "Okay?" He replied with a nod. "Good." She paused before he felt her lips against his. "One more thing … " There was another pause as he tilted his head in inquiry. "You are not allowed to come until I give you permission!" Before he could even finish registering her command, she began to ride him in earnest. Using her hands on his shoulders as leverage, she lifted her hips and then slid back down, repeating the process as if her body had always been familiar with his. He twisted the rope that still bound his hands in a death grip even as he bit his bottom lip, praying that he could obey her commands. Yet, when she began to grind her pelvis against his,