Disclaimer: I own nothing recognisable This is the End Family Matters. Mirkwood, 3018; Gollum is rescued by orcs from the wood-elves. The guards are slain or taken. Those who followed never found the last body; only traces of blood, and torn clothing. How much suffering and hate can an Elf survive when pushed to the breaking point? Rated M. Prologue Gollum was a wretched creature. All who guarded him agreed, for the pitiful wails during the long hours of confinement tore at the tender hearts of the Elves. It was one evening, while the Crown Prince, his bodyguard, and their cousins were enjoying a break between duties, that Legolas had an idea. "The tree!" he cried, sitting bolt upright. Brethilríl turned his attention from the flowers to his dear friend. "What about the tree?" Brethildíl asked, rubbing her neck which had been jarred when Legolas jolted, for she had been half-asleep with her head on his shoulder. Her brother cracked a smile when he noticed his sister's discomfort. "Gollum!" Legolas cried. "We don't have to keep the creature under lock and key. He requires round-the-clock guards. In the dark his mind festers, and he mutters curses at the 'nassty Elveses' as he calls us." "I'm sorry, Legolas, I don't follow. What does the tree have to do with Gollum?" Aldanna asked, bewildered by her cousin's strange talk. Legolas stared at them, his oldest, closest friends, disbelieving that not one of them had caught on yet. Tathar, his best friend and loyal bodyguard, stared blankly. "This tree is isolated. We could let him climb, feel the wind on his face. Gandalf bid us keep him under guard, not under lock and key. We could take him out for an hour each day, to lift his spirits. To reawaken whatever part of Smeagol may still be in him." Aldanna was the only one not shaking her head. "It could work," she murmured. "I do not think the creature is afraid of the dark, or of small spaces, but it cannot hurt to try." Those words would haunt her for the rest of her life. It cannot hurt to try . Tuilë "Tuilë!" The warrior turned around, a smile gracing her lips as one of the Guards called her name. "That's me," she quipped, stopping to let the guard catch up with her. "The creature Gollum will not come down from your heart-tree. Could you talk to him, or perhaps ask the tree to make him fall?" Tuilë chuckled, remembering that this guard was a full blooded Sindarin Elf. He had no heart-tree, for that was a Silvan tradition, and he did not fully understand heart-trees. "A heart-tree does not take orders from the likes of you or me," she said. "But perhaps I can take over the guard until the creature chooses to return. Ask Nar-rhîw, Mallaer, Eleni, Nímlos or Coirëllach to join me, if you can find any of them." As the Sindarin Elf walked away in search of Tuilë's unit, the tiny warrior visited her quarters, where she collected her favourite weapons. A bow would be counter-productive, she thought, but her slim sword had seen her through much worse than guard duty in her time. Tucking a sharp knife into her boot, and another into her belt, Tuilë decided she was ready for anything Gollum might throw at her on the journey from the tree to the dungeons. She met Mallaer on the way to the tree, and clapped the young warrior on the back, glad to have some company on this night, which she feared may be long, for the sun was already westering and the shadows lengthening, but Gollum showed no signs of coming down. Eleni, the Captain of their unit which they called Northern Excursions , was already at the tree when Tuilë and Mallaer arrived. The previous guards had already left, and Gollum was so high as to be difficult to see through all the branches. Tuilë greeted her heart-tree with a hand upon its trunk, murmuring sweet words in her native Silvan dialect. The tree warmed her fëa, giving her strength and the distinct impression that it didn't like the creature crawling through its crown. The hours stretched long into the night, and still Gollum refused to come down. Tuilë had no mind to climb, for she had been present the time young Lothlomë had climbed a similar tree to this one, and the Elvenking had climbed up after his young daughter, only to fall from the narrow branches which could not hold his weight. Tuilë doubted that this tree would let her fall intentionally, but she also knew that Gollum was far too high for her to reach, even as small as she was. Tuilë chattered idly with Mallaer and Eleni, discussing their families and gossiping about young Nímlos, Eleni's daughter, whom had been courting their companion Coirëllach for half the Third Age. Eleni had given her blessing to Coirëllach to ask her daughter's hand, but Elves do not marry in times of war, and Eleni's husband Cúluial was not so supportive of his daughter's choice of husband. "One day, Eleni," Mallaer joked. "One day, Coirëllach will act his age and ask your daughter's hand." "Don't mention his age!" Eleni moaned, bringing her hand up to her forehead. Her companions took their eyes off Gollum for a moment while they laughed at Eleni's predicament. "He's two Ages older than I!" "Some say he is Lord Celeborn's cousin," Tuilë mused. "I have served with him most of my life and yet never asked." "Some say our King Thranduil is Celeborn's cousin," Mallaer added. "Really?" Eleni asked. "That is a new rumour, then, for I have not heard it." "Everyone born in the mid-Third Age believed it," Mallaer informed her, gazing idly up to add his eyes to Tuilë's on Gollum. "Nímlos never mentioned it," Eleni answered. "I never told Nar-rhîw, or our Ada," Mallaer shrugged. "We assumed all knew the rumour." "I should like to ask Celeborn," Tuilë said, glancing away from Gollum as she spoke. "He seems to be cousins with every Sindar born in the First Age." It happened very suddenly. The only warning was a great crashing in the woods, and Tuilë drew her sword with a schnickk , while her long time companions drew their own beside her. Suddenly orcs filled the clearing, and the three Elves were fighting, but the dozens of orcs were too many even for the most experienced Elvish warrior to fight alone. Tuilë spun and stabbed, letting loose a war-cry which echoed through the forest, hopefully to be heard as far away as the King's Halls, where most Elves lay in their beds, sound asleep. It seemed to be over in seconds. Tuilë felt a great blow on the back of her head, right at the base of her skull. Then she felt nothing at all, as her body stopped working, and she fell backwards, knowing only because her point of view was suddenly different, her eyes becoming her only connection to the world. If she had been able to tell that she wasn't breathing, she might have acted differently. As she was, all she knew was that her world slowly turned to black, and through her dimming sight, she saw many orcs leaving, and carried over their shoulders were the limp forms of Eleni and Mallaer. No! she tried to yell, but no sound came out. Her heart-tree pressed against her back, reaching tenderly into her fëa to quiet her tumultuous thoughts. As her vision faded to black, her fëa was wrapped in warmth, comfort, and love, as her heart-tree protected her from the pain of despair. When Tuilë's brain finally used up the last of the oxygen in her bloodstream, the leaves on the heart-tree turned brown, and the heavy flowers fell to the ground, never to bloom again. A Silvan heart-tree cannot live without its Elf. Mallaer Mallaer woke to a world of pain. The first thing he noticed was the sound, of many marching feet, crashing thoughtlessly through his beloved forest. The next thing he noticed was the smell of death and decay. Rotting flesh and oozing, festering wounds have a distinct smell, one which reviles Elves to their very core. Through the pain, Mallaer noticed a feeling of pressure, jolting and ever-changing, but somehow also constantly pounding the same parts of his body. He realised that he was being carried, and a large shoulder dug into his stomach painfully. He waited silently until whoever carried him stopped, dropping him unceremoniously on the ground. An involuntary oof left him as his breath was knocked out of him, but still he waited, until he cracked open his eye, and saw that he was surrounded by orcs. The world seemed strangely flat, and it took Mallaer a little while to realise that he only had one eye. He did not know what had happened to the other, for his hands were bound, and he could not feel one side of his face. His legs were free, though, and he bided his time, waiting until he had a chance to escape. That chance came when the orcs were distracted by something – or perhaps someone – on the other side of the clearing they had chosen as a resting place. Mallaer silently rose to his feet, and dashed into the thick foliage to his right. All seemed to go well for a moment, but his single eye betrayed him, for he fell, turning his ankle on a root. Cursing his ill luck, Mallaer struggled to his feet, but the trees in this part of the forest were not friendly to the Elves, and did not help him in any way. He gained his footing, hope soaring in his heart as he took a step forward, but his leg would not take his weight, crumbling below him. Pain made him giddy, and he realised that his leg was badly broken. Bone shone starkly in the moonlight, a shard poking straight out of his twisted and ruined shin. A jeering laughter caught his attention, and all the hope he might have had fled, as a pair of scarred orcs picked him up by the shoulders, dragging his ruined leg painfully along the forest floor. "Thought you could get away, did ya?" one orcs sneered, bringing Mallaer close so that he was forced to breathe the stench of rotting flesh on the orc's breath. "You won't be running away again. I suppose we didn't need to do anything to the girl to keep you in line after all." Mallaer's fear and revulsion must have been starkly drawn on his face, for he understood exactly what the orcs was implying they had done to Eleni. Eleni had trained and grown up with Nar-rhîw, Mallaer's brother, and her daughter Nímloth had grown up with Mallaer, and was his best friend. Eleni had been like a mother to Mallaer, who had lost his own mother in an orc attack at a young age. "If you touch her," he threatened, but his voice was weak, and the orcs laughed with derision. "What can you do, little Elf?" the orc mocked, dragging Mallaer back to the campsite, his broken leg trailing in the dirt. The pain made him pass out, but all too soon he was jolted awake with a burning sensation in his raw throat. Orcs jeered, and another mocked him loudly, "Can't take his medicine!" Mallaer stared at the ruined form of his de facto mother, lying in the dirt, covered in red and black gore. "No!" he gasped, as his heart felt torn from his very chest. "We move on!" the orc captain yelled harshly, and two orcs picked Eleni's still form up, carrying her by the shoulders and ankles in a manner unlike any an Elf would use to transport an injured warrior. Mallaer cried quietly, the pain from his leg and his heart too much to bear. The