I own nothing recognisable. Into the Unknown Prologue "Land!" Legolas cried from his precarious perch upon the main mast of the small ship he sailed on. "I see land!" A gruff harrumph was heard from the deck, where Gimli worked the rudder. "Come and be useful, lad!" he shouted upwards, pushing some frizzy white hair out of his face. The wind immediately whipped it back, and the aging Dwarf growled fiercely. Legolas climbed down quickly, and sprang to the bow. Shading his eyes, he examined the horizon, where he could just make out circling gulls. Gulls meant the Shore of the Sea. And shore meant land. And, hopefully, land meant Tol Eresseä, the lonely Isle. Within minutes, Legolas and Gimli's ship was met by another, smaller boat, driven by oars, on which rode six silver-haired Elves. "Mae govannen!" one called, a bright smile upon his face. "You have travelled far, strangers of a distant land, and there are those upon the next shore who wait for you." The boat drew closer, and Legolas grasped the bow as it came close enough for the Elves on board to grip the side of Legolas' small ship. Legolas greeted the Elves, and three of the newcomers clambered aboard the little ship. They introduced themselves as Teleri, named Gílreth, Aëariel, and Argíríl, and the two ellyth laughed merrily as Legolas kissed their hands, and introduced himself. "Lalaith, Turion and Elmír will take you, across the island and to Aman," Argíríl told Legolas, "it seems this little ship needs only a few hands to travel to the port. I bid you welcome, to the Lands of the West," he added, with a sweeping bow, which made Gimli chuckle appreciatively. Legolas climbed across to the boat without hesitation, but Gimli wasn't so happy to just up and leave. He refused to budge until the Teleri promised that Gimli and Legolas could come back to the ship to reclaim their possessions, once it was brought around the Isle of Tol Eresseä to Aman itself. Gimli finally accepted the offer of transportation, heavily clambering across the gap, as the boats tossed a little in the gentle waves. Argíríl and Aëariel waved from the deck of the ship as Elmír took up oars, and Gílreth adjusted the sails. Soon the ship was forgotten, though, as Legolas and Gimli conversed with their new hosts. Lalaith, true to her name, laughed merrily and often. She was perhaps the most cheerful Elf Legolas had ever met, and she took to Gimli like a moth to flame. Legolas found himself exchanging amused glances with Turion as the Elleth and Dwarf conversed, and soon the five were in the shallows, where tall ships could not go. Turion encouraged Legolas to look below the water, and what Legolas saw took his breath away. A coral reef grew barely a metre below the surface, and hundreds of colourful fish and anemones swam, waved and fluttered in the current. Beside him, Gimli gasped at the beauty, and Turion explained that Elves sometimes swam in these waters, to see the beauty up close, with glass shields across their eyes to hold out the water. Soon, the reef came to an end, as Elmír brought the boat towards the shore. Beaching it, the four Elves climbed out dextrously, and Gimli stomped out after them. "It will be more than a week before Argíríl, Aëariel and Gílreth can bring your ship around the Isle. We can take another ship straight on to Aman, if that is your wish," Turion explained as Lalaith assisted Elmír with the boat's storage further up the beach in a small hut. Legolas considered, while Gimli brightened at the prospect of heading on without delay, for he had no wish to wait a week here. "Is anyone I know here? On Tol Eresseä, I mean," Legolas asked curiously. "I would not begin to guess who you might know, Legolas of Ithilien," Turion answered. "For sure none here have heard of the realm of Ithilien, or rather, we had thought it was a settlement of Men." Legolas chuckled. "Indeed you would not. Ithilien was settled by some of my people after the Ring Bearers left on the Last Ship. Before that I came from Greenwood." Recognition lit Elmír's eyes as he rejoined the conversation. "I have a friend who once lived there," he said. "Tathar, who lives only a few miles north of this spot." Legolas then laughed loudly, for he could barely believe his ears. "Tathar!" he laughed. "Dear old Tathar! I have not seen him since Gimli was young." "You knew Tathar?" Lalaith asked, abandoning her conversation with Gimli. Legolas grinned. "Tathar was one of my best friends. He and I have saved each other's lives hundreds of times. We parted when I joined the Fellowship – I have not seen him since." Elmír grinned. "Well then, we go north!" An hour later, Legolas and Elmír shared stories of getting into trouble with Tathar, when the ellon himself dropped from a tree in their path, laughing and singing, to hug his old friend. "Tathar!" Legolas greeted him joyously. Tathar responded in his native Silvan dialect, which neither Gimli nor the Teleri could comprehend. A few times during their conversation, both Silvans burst into laughter at one another, after mangling the pronunciation of a word which had been almost forgotten through disuse of the tongue over two hundred years. To Gimli's eyes, Tathar looked much unlike Legolas, as far as colour was concerned, but the two wood-elves behaved as if they had grown up as brothers. Which, Gimli would discover later, they had. Tathar had bright green eyes and hair the colour of tree bark, and his pale skin seemed to almost shift in hue between to light tan, warm brown and almost murky green, as the light through the gently swaying leaves changed and danced over his skin. Now there's a pureblood wood-elf , Gimli thought. Tathar's skin had none of that strange star-like glow which Legolas possessed, and had acquired none of the gentle sun-kissed tan of the Teleri. Gimli suddenly understood how the Elves of Mirkwood blended into their forest so well as to be nearly invisible. Soon enough, Tathar and Legolas returned to Sindarin, the language which most in Aman spoke. Gimli had been glad from the first moment they had met the Teleri that he'd worked to become fluent in the Elvish tongue, for it meant he could communicate with everyone here. Tathar invited the group to his home among the trees, and Gimli was introduced to another elleth , with the gold hair and blue eyes characteristic of the Vanyar. Her name was Sílmariel, and she had moved to Tol Eresseä with Tathar upon her release from the Halls of Mandos. Sílmariel was a healer of old, Legolas explained to Gimli. "Tathar and I cut our warrior's teeth under her husband's supervision," he said, "and Sílmariel was the Healer of the West Watch. It was she who first captured your father, those many years ago. Her son was like a brother to us, for he was of an age with my younger sister. She was slain during the Battle of Five Armies." Gimli found himself quite enjoying his time among these strange Elves from beyond the Sea, for the air of peacefulness and lack of danger made for a charming abode. Dinner was a joyful affair, and Sílmariel enjoyed playing the hostess, a role she somethmes played when friends visited from the much more populous Aman. "If I may ask, why do you not reside in Aman proper?" Gimli asked their gracious hosts. Tathar grimaced, and Sílmariel sighed. "Tathar had a little disagreement with the Valar. I was vocal in my support of Tathar. We are not welcomed by all in Aman," she explained vaguely. "Some suggested that I had been released by Mandos too early, which could have easily resulted in the alienation of many of the folk of Greenwood who died in the Ring War, for we as a people never had expected to survive the war, and those of us who didn't were quick to accept our fates, unlike the Noldor of old." Tathar insisted that the group all stay the night, and the next morning they said goodbye to Legolas' childhood friend to sail on to Aman, for neither Legolas nor Gimli wished to tarry overlong. Elmír kept a boat on the west side of Eresseä, which he led them to, and Lalaith and Turion insisted on escorting Legolas and Gimli the rest of the way to Aman. Turion and Elmír shared the task of rowing, and Lalaith acted as lookout, while Legolas and Gimli marvelled at the beauty of the Sea, for in this strait between Aman and Eresseä many creatures dwelt, from gentle turtles to swift sharks, and many thousands of colourful fish swam to and fro beneath the waves. Lalaith directed them from her perch on the stern, using the rudder to steer around the larger, slower craft which filled the bay. Eventually, Alqualondë itself came into view, and Legolas was glad, and his heart seemed to melt a bit, and his spirit soared. With a stab of regret, Legolas recognised the passing of his Sea-Longing, for as he gazed upon the distant shore he felt his heart change. Soon, Legolas realised that the change was his heart beginning to heal, for he felt whole and at peace. Right here, right now, was the right place to be. There were no ifs, buts or maybes. He stood, carefully balancing on the light boat, skipping across the waves, and laid eyes on the most wondrous sight he'd ever laid eyes on. White shores, the sand glittering in the midday sun, rose from the crashing waves, and further up the beach a small group of people gathered. "I see the Lady Galadriel!" Legolas told Gimli, for he spied her distinctive golden curls from the distance. "With her is Lord Elrond, and - oh!" Legolas' knees buckled, and he fell to the deck of the small boat with a crash. A bright smile suddenly replaced the shocked expression, and Legolas cheered. "My brothers are with them!" Gimli had never heard of Legolas' brothers in their hundred or so years of acquaintance. "You have brothers?" He asked the Wood-Elf, curiously. Legolas nodded. "Belegalen died before I was born. He was one of the first to fight the giant spiders of Mirkwood, and was the first to be killed by one. Beside him are Aglorarnor, and Oropher. Aglorarnor was my eldest brother, but he died during the Last Alliance. Oropher, my grandfather, died in the same battle." Gimli pulled Legolas into a hug, as they sat in the small boat, to comfort him for the loss of family members he'd never known. "Well, laddie, you can meet them now." Gimli's rumbling voice was strangely comforting, and Legolas returned the hug, burying his face in his dearest friend's shoulder. Soon Legolas regained his composure, and the three Teleri politely refrained from mentioning his bout of tears. When they drew the boat up at the shore, Legolas leapt out into the ankle-deep water and stood before his family, who welcomed him with open arms. Legolas bowed, and was pulled into hugs from first one, then the others. "Welcome, Thranduilion," the blonde ellon greeted him formally. "I am Oropher," he said simply, and Legolas smiled widely, drinking in the sight of his grandfather. Oropher appeared a little less imposing in real life than he seemed in the tapestries and paintings adorning the walls of Eryn Lasgalen. His sharply pointed features seemed to reflect the warm sunlight off his pale, luminescent skin. His gold hair shone in the daylight, and his posture and stance spoke of the power and majesty of Doriath of old. The proud Elf wore a large smile as he greeted his unknown grandson, and swept him into a hug. "I am Legolas Thranduilion," he introduced himself, realising that