For Gwynnyd The River Isen, spring of 2969 "…I have been in this land before, more than once, and ridden with the host of the Rohirrim, though under other name and other guise. You I have not seen before, for you are young, but I have spoken with Éomund your father…." "The Riders of Rohan," The Two Towers . Damn! Thorongil leaned back on his haunches, balancing where he stooped in the mud. A crude iron helm, swilled over with silt, floated haphazardly in the shallows nearby. Uruk prints marred the west bank of the Isen a league north of where the river flowed past Dol Baran and out of the Wizard's Vale. The tracks ended here in a confused mess of mud and trampled weeds leading down the sloping bank. And no matter how many times he reopened his eyes and tested the freshness of the prints with his fingers, he simply could not believe the iron-shod orcs were witless enough to cross here. But the truth lay before him, visible to his eyes on the east bank where the slope bore similar scars leading away from the river. Thengel King had sent him, Thorongil, captain of his scouts, to search for signs of orc movement in the Westfold after an increase of attacks, and here they were again. He rose and carefully maneuvered through the sticky rain-saturated soil, his thoughts still on the orcs. True, the river narrowed as it passed between the foothills of the Vale, but its danger increased. The bed ran deep this far north of the fords, and springs and streams high in the verdant slopes of Methedras flowed into it. Snowmelt mixed with heavy rain swelled the river and fed the current at this time of year. The Fords of Isen lay ten leagues or so south of the road from Dol Baran, and were by far the safest passage for traveling companies. Northward, a mile from Isengard lay a bridge which provided the only other safe crossing. Both were held by the vigilance of the riders of the Mark and the cunning of the wizard Saruman. Still, the tracks were many and braving the river seemed more foolhardy, to his mind, than crossing spears with the Rohirrim downriver. Thorongil left the slope and returned to where his mount waited by the west road. Over Waelfag's back he could see the purple ring of heather growing underneath the brown summit of Dol Baran, and the looming, ever-white peaks of the Misty Mountains as they stretched north like a spine. He expected Brorda to ride around the shoulder of the hill soon since the appointed hour neared. Behind the low-hanging clouds, he guessed that the sun lay in its western track toward the sea. Three or four hours of dingy daylight remained of their long tour of the river valley. The wind picked up, carrying the scent of wet grass and heather as it pushed the rainclouds along into the plains. More orcs from the mountains, with large numbers determined to enter the Westfold at peril…but avoiding the eoreds. What does it mean? Brorda appeared while he watered Waelfag downstream where the banks were less steep. "Anything?" "Someone ought to warn the wizard that he's got an orc infestation on his hands," the Rohirric scout groused. Thorongil rubbed his mount's rose-grey withers. "I found their crossing upstream a little ways." "Do they crave death?" Brorda's eyes narrowed on the river and Thorongil exchanged a grim frown with him. Dismounting with a grunt, the Rohir led his gelding to the water. "Not a prime location," Thorongil murmured eventually, still puzzled by it. "Between the current and their armor…" "Lucky us, I guess," Brorda replied through clenched teeth. "I don't fancy meeting up with those brutes without a horde of spears at my back." His fist rested around the smooth wood of his bow where it hung from the saddle. They both would need to restring their weapons before starting after the uruks. He nodded. "If we ride now, we'll make it to the Fords before daybreak…assuming the weather holds. We can gather spears there and reinforce the king's riders." Together they led their mounts back up the bank and toward the road. Thorongil followed the grey thread south until it faded from view. "The uruks have quite a lead. It's a good job the Second Marshal asked for extra protection for the northernmost villages." "Aye, but he also thought the attacks would fall at the Fords, and that's where most of the riders are stationed. A lot of help they'll be if we don't drag their lazy Westfold underbæcs with us." Thorongil grinned. Even when faced with a common enemy, the competition between east and west occurred amongst the Rohirrim. "Oh, they'll be put to good use, Brorda. These uruks don't seem interested in soldiers and they think they're headed straight for the farms and villages, but whether they like it or not, Thengel King is waiting for them." …Westemnet… The river formed a misty band to the west and the hills of the Wizard's Vale looked like small black arms embracing a basin of shadows against the grey morning sky. In the east, the young sun brooded behind low clouds. The colors of the land around them appeared bolder in color in the morning gloom, white and cobalt mountains in the south, grey woods and green grasslands to the north. Calenardhon . Thorongil never tired of looking at it. "All right?" someone asked. "Hmm?" Thorongil drew his gaze closer to home and found that Brorda had ridden up beside him. The Rohir shrugged. "You were looking around awful hard. I thought maybe something was up." "I must be growing absent-minded," Thorongil mumbled as he scratched around the stubble on his jaw. "Well wake up, we're almost there." Thorongil and Brorda had set out from the Fords four hours ago, before the dawn, to march into the northernmost point of the Westfold with a company of riders. Brorda pointed northeast to a spot on the plain that he'd missed completely in his daydreaming. On the border of the emnet and the fold, the skirmish between the Rohirrim and the uruks looked like a berserk circle dance of green and black figures. At least two riders lay in the trampled grass among a heap of black and grey orc carcasses. Around the plain, the sound of orcs shrieking hung in the damp air. Thorongil clutched his fists tighter around the reins as the sound grated his ears. Their caterwauling indicated neither victory nor defeat, he knew, as the brutes made that racket no matter what. Still, he hated the sound. Thorongil checked his mount from following Brorda as the Rohirric scout led the contingent of Westfold men onward. Spear angled toward the foe, Brorda cast a curious look over his shoulder but continued on toward the fighting. Over the clamor of steel and rough voices, Thorongil's eyes swept from shield to shield in search of Thengel's golden one. The king rode in the thick of it, a stroke of green and gold surrounded by black. Thorongil desired to reach Thengel for he swore to protect the king years six years ago when he stood in the withered grass of the downs, a stranger in need of a horse. Beneath him, Waelfag strained to follow the other horses, excited by the racket. His sword at the ready, he took a deep breath before lunging to the attack and penetrating the ring of riders and uruks. A great black orc immediately assailed him and blocked his path to the king. Waelfag wavered left, skidding on the wet grass. Somehow, the orc had painted the tough skin of its bare thighs with red streaks from the blood of a slain opponent. The heavy, sour smell of it singed Thorongil's nostrils, causing them to flare in disgust. Rage for the fate of the rider filled his stomach, fueling his muscles with the strength to wield his sword. He blocked the orc's notched steel blade and dispatched the creature with as much economy as possible from his high vantage. The orc slumped to an anticlimactic heap on the muddy ground as its head rolled away. Pivoting Waelfag around, Thorongil urged the gelding forward as two uruks attempted to unseat Thengel even while his mount trampled another uruk to death under its hooves. One of the king's guards lay still in the grass nearby and the rest were locked in combat. Another orc replaced its comrade, managing to push Thorongil back through the skirmish, snarling and striking at Waelfag. The young gelding rolled his eyes and reared, as he was forced backward. Thorongil tightened his grip on the reins with his left hand and spoke Rohirric commands in a firm voice, but the difficultly of parrying the uruk's sword and calming a horse more used to scouting than combat proved too great. The uruk still managed to separate him from the aid of the other riders, and blocked his path toward Thengel. Avoiding a blow, Thorongil skirted around the uruk and caught a glimpse of the king. His helmet had disappeared, exposing faded golden hair that clung to his damp, high forehead. Even so, the king remained seated on Lightfoot, and others of his guard were rallying to his defense. But Thorongil had looked too long, and the creature nearly took his scalp off again. Slipping in the saddle, he drew his sword up and caught the orc blade by the tip which averted the hideous weapon, but also unbalanced him. Crashing to the ground, Thorongil landed on his stomach and nearly sliced himself with his own sword. He scrambled to avoid the next assault dealt by his opponent while he gasped for air. Waelfag skittered away before he could grab the reins. The orc moved to strike again, but the sword was intercepted before it could nick his skin. Saexburga! Also on foot, the shieldmaiden had blocked the blow with her axe. She punched the orc hard in the chest with the butt of the weapon, forcing him backward before the blade bit into the creature's grizzled forehead. She pulled her axe free and brushed tendrils of golden hair out of her face while Thorongil jumped to his feet. A wish for more cleansing rain chased through his thoughts, as the uruk's inky blood stained the ground and increased the stink on the plain. "Up," Saexburga barked, waving him on. A group of the evil creatures retreated away from the skirmish, running westward at a swift pace. A rider, who Thorongil did not recognize, either by his horse or armor, broke off from where he fought on the fringe of battle to chase the deserters on his own. The ugly brutes caught wind of their pursuer, and Thorongil nearly swallowed his tongue as the creatures turned on the horse and rider. Ahead, Saexburga sprinted on with a growl and Thorongil followed the shieldmaiden, quelling his desire to join Thengel. An uruk crumpled to the ground as the warhorse reared in attack. Some scattered away from the hard, flashing hoofs, but one lunged to strike at the horse's vulnerable belly. The rider delivered a death blow with his spear, protecting the horse, but the shaft looked too heavy for him as he struggled to remain balanced. An uruk snatched the end of the spear just below the head, pulling the man down. The leather helm flew off and Thorongil's heart plummeted in his chest as it dawned on him that this rider—this boy, this beardless, pink-cheeked child who'd lost his helm—was no warrior! Thorongil could easily see that the Rohir was too young, too scrawny…he had barely begun to fill out under the leather armor which probably belonged to an older brother, or worse, his father. Thorongil ran with renewed vigor for the boy's presence here was a mistake. Saexburga already grappled with one of the uruks, but the brutes surrounded the