1. And Summers are Away There comes a warning like a spy A shorter breath of Day A stealing that is not a stealth And Summers are away - -Emily Dickinson "Mr. Malfoy! An honor this is, an honor. What can we git for yeh?" croaked Madam Bullstrode as Scorpius stepped out of the August sunlight, into her shop in Knocturn Alley. He did his best not to look at the jars of cat's eyes on the counter in front of him, aware that they seemed to be doing their best to look at him. He pulled out his mother's list. "Good afternoon, Madame Bullstrode," he said with just the right distant politeness for their difference in age and social status. "I need a jar of murtlap essence, pint of frogspawn, porcupine quills, bat guano ," he said with distaste, "and chocolate cherries." "Mmm, delicious," said the burly woman as she started scooping guano into a sack. "'Ow much 'o this will yeh be needing?" "Oh, I am not sure actually, I...I think that is enough." "A'righty then, sir, and the box of cherries...'ere...yeh gitting these for someun?" "My mother." "Oh I see...thought there might be a young lady...they always like these chocolates an' roses, you remember that, if there ever is a young lady..." Scorpius frowned. "Not sayin' there isn' already or...not to stick my nose in, pardon, Mr. Malfoy..." she apologized. "Murtlap essence, frogspawn, and porcupine quills?" he reminded her. "Oh yes, o' course! Max! Gus!" Two boys appeared at the top of a rickety staircase. "Hello, Erlkonig, Erlkonig." Scorpius nodded to them. "'Ello Malfoy," they responded. "Oh yeh know my nephews? But o' course," she clapped her hands together, "yeh play Quidditch together! I hear ye're a good Seeker." "Thank you. Maximus and Augustus are good Beaters," Scorpius said. The truth was, the 5th and 3rd year brothers were probably better as Beaters than Scorpius was as a Seeker. He kept playing mainly to please his parents; he had lost the snitch to Lily Potter or Zhi Chang consistently. Slytherin hadn't won the Quidditch cup, or the House cup, in any of Scorpius' first six years and he didn't expect to win it this year either, but he took comfort in reminding himself that Slytherin was still better than Hufflepuff. "Good beaters, that they are. Boys, fetch down a jar of murtlap essence and a bag of porcupine quills for Mr. Malfoy." "A'right," Maximus grunted and they went, while Madame Bullstrode filled another sack from the bucket of frogspawn. When Max and Gus brought the things downstairs, Scorpius payed for his purchases and said goodbye. Scorpius charmed the bag with weightlessness, which was not necessary but he was still enjoying the novelty of being of age. He walked down the alley, humming a line of the piano accompaniment to a song by Schubert, to meet his father outside of Borgin and Burke's. Father was still inside, talking, and Scorpius pushed open the door. "...a first time for everything, eh, Mister Malfoy?" cackled the elderly Mr. Borgin. "Never seen the like in this shop. Not just a mudblood, I mean a real muggle: wife of some blood traitor, wanting to buy something pretty!" Draco Malfoy raised his eyebrows warily, "Please don't tell me you sold her something—" "I sold her our old thunder ruby." Borgin grinned. "No harm done, no harm...as long as she doesn't get angry while she's wearing it...ah, your son is taller than when last I saw him. Young Master Scorpio, is it?" "It's Scorpius." Scorpius sneered, dropping the pretense of respect that he had bestowed on Madame Bullstrode. Greasy old Borgin wasn't even worth that. "Scorpius, yes, very Romanesque. Away to Hogwarts again next week? You'll be interested in this new item, this invisible book cover. Carry a book into your exams and only—" "I don't cheat," Scorpius said coldly. "Father, are you done here?" "Yes, I believe I am." Borgin hurried forward. "Before you go, Misters Malfoy, I should tell you," he put a hand conspiratorially on Scorpius' arm and lowered his voice, "Marcus Flint got an import of chimaera tail-venom and unfertilized dementor spores. From the Oni himself he bought them, he says. We are meeting here at eleven o'clock on the thirtieth to stew a poison of despair, and—" "Borgin, we don't—" "—and as you know, the more wizards help, the easier the stewing—" "We don't have the slightest interest in it, thank you very much." "Well then, have a nice day, sirs." As soon as they were away Scorpius asked, "who did he mean, 'the Oni,' that someone bought dementor spores from?" "It's a rumor, that there is a wizard in Japan that has a strong control of dementors," explained Scorpius' father. "You know, the ministry here has been trying to get rid of them, and the rumor is that they have gathered to this 'Oni'. Marcus Flint, of course, is always after untradeable goods, wherever he can get them." "Should we report it? And Borgin, for selling dark items to a muggle?" "No, Scorpius. I would not advise getting involved." "But Borgin—" "Borgin and Burke's has been reported to the ministry dozens of times. They know how to exploit loopholes, so we would not make any difference; we would just make things unpleasant for ourselves. Listen, son," Draco pulled Scorpius aside, to a quiet corner of the alley. "It is never wise to make enemies. Grandfather and I learned the hard way, that fighting for someone's radical ideals is dangerous. It nearly destroyed us; it was luck that gave us the chance to assume a neutral position at the very last minute in the War, and escape with our lives and freedom." Luck , thought Scorpius to himself, yes, a certain piece of luck named Harry Potter, the way everyone else tells the story. "But Father, don't you think that it's wrong, smuggling dangerous material, and hurting muggles?" Draco bowed his head and sighed, "I hesitate to say what is right or wrong, or even if there is a distinction...I don't trust myself to judge those things." "Mum has always said—" "Your mother has a simple and innocent perspective on life, and I would never take that away from her, but if I opposed someone like Marcus Flint, if you opposed someone like Marcus Flint, it would make our family a target and put her in danger. We mustn't do that. We will tread the middle ground, be friendly, and mind our own business. We can accomplish much more through flattery than through force." Accomplish what? Securing wealth and comforts? Still, Scorpius considered, flattery does seem much more more comfortable than force, and is there anything wrong with being comfortable? "We Malfoys are Seekers; we shouldn't interfere with the other players." "No, we just look for the gold..." Scorpius muttered. "What was that?" "Nothing." "Listen. I have said this before, and I am saying it again: Don't make enemies. Don't choose sides. I don't want you to get hurt. Do you understand?" "Yes, father." Scorpius didn't know if he agreed, but he understood. "Good." Draco stood tall again and adopted a light, haughty tone. "It's paradoxical really, that as long as we keep our heads down, we can keep holding our heads high; the Malfoy name still means nobility. Let's go meet with your mother." Scorpius matched his father's stride, and the crowds parted to let them through Knockturn Alley and up to the patio outside Fortescue's ice cream parlor and café. Astoria Malfoy stood out in a crowd. Jealous observers speculated that she was part veela, but since part human ancestry was worse than part magical ancestry, her family denied such an idea. One didn't need veela blood to be beautiful. She smiled and winked to Draco and Scorpius when she saw the pair coming up the cobblestones of Diagon Alley, and she moved her chair closer to her sister Daphne's to make room for them. "Scorpius looks distinguished in that deep blue; I've always said that fair-haired men look best in dark colors, don't you think?" Daphne was saying as they found chairs. "Yes, and these two look better than any!" said Astoria, "Sit here next to me, Draco...and are those my things from Millicent Bullstrode's? Thank you, Scorpius dear." Daphne was still rambling about fashion, "I suppose that's why you dyed your hair black, Astoria, so you can wear your summery white and cream robes and still have that dramatic contrast?" "I suppose so," Astoria agreed absently, "Do you have any more school shopping to do, Scor?" "No Mum, it's done." A young house elf in a striped suit and bow tie came out and cheerfully took their orders for lunch. Aunt Daphne leaned toward Scorpius, "Are you happy that it's your last year, or will you miss school? You have been quite the scholar..." Scorpius shrugged. He was looking forward to being a seventh year, but the thought of finishing school hadn't quite sunk in. "Well, I'm glad he will only be there one more year. The changes in staff have been deplorable," said Draco. "Oh?" Asked Daphne, "you don't like Vector?" While listening, Scorpius had been scanning the crowds of shoppers. Some kids looked so little, they were practically hidden behind their piles of schoolbooks. Then he spotted the person he had been half hoping, half fearing to see. Rose was leaning against the outside wall of Ollivander's with her nose in Eratosthenesian Calculeux in Design. Scorpius recognized the book, having bought it himself a few days ago. Next to her, her brother Hugo was spinning a small brass planetary model. Draco answered Daphne, "That's not the problem; Septima Vector will make an excellent headmistress, first Slytherin Head in ages; no, the problems are her replacements. She was Head of House as well as Arithmancy teacher, and there were no other Slytherin teachers, so we governors had to bring in someone new. Terence Higgs." "What does he teach?" "He doesn't teach," snipped Astoria. "he will be the referee and flying instructor." Daphne balked. "And Head of House? That's—" "That's an indignity to Slytherin house, that's what that is," growled Draco. "The board couldn't find anyone else?" "No one." The house elf in the bow tie brought out their food. Aunt Daphne chuckled disdainfully at the new-fashioned elf, then asked Draco, "Well, what about the Arithmancy post?" "It's even worse. Weasley." Scorpius focused on his sandwich. "Bill Weasley?" Asked Daphne. " Hermione Weasley." "What? She can't teach and run the Communication and Cooperation with Magical Beings Division, and edit the Journal of Wizarding Law!" "No, she is leaving the Ministry and the Journal to go teach. The Beings Division is in the hands of a committee now—half-breeds and animals, most of them. She claims teaching is that important, but it is obvious she wants to be at Hogwarts to look after her youngest daughter." "That little girl." Astoria added, "you may have seen her—Cute. Different." Looking over his parents' shoulders, Scorpius did see her. Mr. and Mrs. Weasley and Rose's younger sister Emilia were coming out of Ollivander's. The short, brown haired girl was holding a wand and grinning from ear to ear. He hoped they wouldn't look his way. They didn't. o.o.o.o Scorpius woke up late on August thirty-first, to the sound of the manor clock striking six. He flung himself out of bed, into some clothes, and down the three flights of stairs. "Scorpius, it's rude to be late to family meals," scolded Narcissa Malfoy from the end of the long rectangular table, "and you are wearing brown trousers with a black robe." "Oh...sorry Grandmother." Scorpius took out his wand and wordlessly changed his robe to brown. Astoria suppressed a smirk. "Sit down and eat, handsome. It's your last day of summer; do you want to go to work with me?" Scorpius tried to look interested. Watch Mum and Aunt Daphne photograph fashion shows for Witch Weekly? Not fun. "Um, that sounds fun...but