Season's Greetings! I'm so glad to be back with this holiday oneshot! It's actually a sequel to the Christmas oneshot I posted last year, "A Holiday Liaison". This one takes place two weeks later, just in time for New Year's Eve. Will Bella and Edward's wild fling end up being more than just a passing distraction? Of course, I urge you to read AHL first, but it's not necessary. Both pieces are a little dash of sexy holiday fun, so please, sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride! The song for this oneshot is "Never Be Another" by Delilah. Here's the link: watch?v=CwzYxHdN-Uo OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO More Than Midnight The holidays are almost over. Thank God. The weeks of stressing, spending, rushing, and wrapping—all for two seconds of glory—are finally winding down. Okay, so I'm a bit of a Scrooge right now, but that's pretty typical of me by the end of all the chaos. What I really need is to get laid, but that hasn't happened in almost two weeks. Not since my best friend, Mike's, company Christmas party. That was the night I met Edward—And I haven't had a single moment to myself to think, let alone try and contact Edward for a booty call. I hope what we shared wasn't just a two-day fling, but if that's the case, I'll still be grateful to have met him because those two days were . . . Wow. Currently, I'm driving home from the peninsula, and I really need to stop thinking about that boy before I run off the road and kill myself. I've been in Forks for the past week visiting my father, Charlie, and all I want to do is get home and crawl into a hot bath. I was hoping Dad would just cancel my bi-yearly visit altogether, but I could never get that lucky. If you think that makes me a bad daughter, well, you're probably right. But if you grew up in the same shitty town I did, you'd understand. Mike usually takes the trip with me, which makes the whole ordeal much more bearable, but he already came and went the week prior, leaving me to face the journey alone. Oh, well. It's over now, and soon, I'll be in my snug little apartment where I intend to hide under my covers with a stack of books until next year. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO "What do you mean you're not coming out? That's so shitty," Mike says in the whiniest of voices. I cradle the phone with my shoulder as I stir a pot of condensed soup on the stovetop. "Mike, we never go out for New Year's. And if you want to get technical, you're the one bailing on our annual Tarantino fest, so it's you who's being shitty, not me." There, that'll shut him up. "Do you realize how long it's been since I've had a date for New Year's Eve?" "Exactly four years." "Okay . . . Well, yeah. So let's do something different this year, shake things up a bit, have some real fun for once." Mike sighs when I fail to respond. "Look, Bells, I can't stand the thought of you staying in all alone. Just please come out with us." Mike—so sweet, so stupid. "Forget it. I'm not going to be anybody's third-wheel on one of the biggest couple's nights of the year." "What about the Christmas party guy? Why can't he be your date?" Mike had better be joking. Seriously, how awkward would that be? A couple weeks ago at his company's holiday function, I pretended to be Mike's girlfriend in order to get his dream girl, Jessica, to notice him. It worked like a charm, and while they were happily sucking face behind the Christmas tree, I was upstairs having the best sex of my life with Jessica's blind date, Edward Cullen. Although Mike later explained to Jess about our little plan—and she actually thought it was cute—I still think it would be the most uncomfortable double date ever in the history of double dating. "I have no clue what Edward's plans are, Mike, but I'm pretty certain they don't involve me. It doesn't even matter; I don't want to go out. All I want is to stay in and watch explicitly graphic movies while eating copious amounts of junk food. Honestly, I couldn't be happier that you have a date this year, so just enjoy being with Jessica and don't worry about me." I dump my chicken and stars into a bowl and head for the couch. "Please, Bella? Pretty please? With cherries?" "I hate cherries," I say dryly. "Come on, I just got back from Forks. Is this really the only reason you called me?" "Yes." I roll my eyes. "Then I'm hanging up." "You're such a killjoy." "Goodbye, Mike." "Bye," he says glumly and the line goes dead. I know Mike means well, but honestly, what girl in her right mind would want her date's best friend tagging along? I'm not sure Jessica even likes me, and besides, I already have a date with Tarantino. The phone rings again, and I answer it blindly, ready to give Mike the what for. "Do you want me to drive across town and shove my foot up your ass? I have spare time." There's a brief pause before a deep, familiar voice breaks the silence. "Uh, well, no. That doesn't sound like very much fun at all. And as much as I'd love to see you again, your foot up my ass isn't quite what I had in mind. But I am glad to know you have spare time." Fuck me. "Edward?" I sit up straight, setting my dinner on the coffee table. "Yes, doll?" he asks, confirming my worst nightmare. "God, I'm so sorry. I thought you were Mike." "Mike? Uh-oh, I don't hear from you for two weeks, and you've already moved on. I'm crushed," he says, but I catch the humor in his voice. "Not exactly. It's just my buddy from the Christmas party. He's trying to get me to tag along on his New Year's Eve date, but I'd rather throw myself off a cliff," I say, running a hand through my frazzled hair and rolling my eyes at my own idiocy. "Anyway, how've you been?" "Busy. I just got back into town this morning. Actually, I called to find out your plans for New Year's Eve." "Oh, um, not much, I generally stay in … You know, amateur night and all. What about you?" I hold my breath and bite my lip waiting for his response. "My sister throws a party every year. She always makes a big to-do about it—that's Alice for you—but it's a lot of fun. I know it's only a two-day notice, but I'd really love to take you." He pauses before adding, "I haven't been able to get you out of my head, Bella." Holy moly. The slight rumble of his voice sends shockwaves through my body, and my brain turns into goo. "I've been thinking about you, too. I haven't stopped, actually." "So?" "So, what?" I murmur, lost in a daze. Another light chuckle stirs my coherency. "Would you like to be my date?" "Oh!" I smack my forehead. "Sure. That sounds fun." "Great. Just give me your address, and I'll pick you up on New Year's Eve. Is eight o'clock okay?" "Eight will be perfect," I confirm. Once he has my address, we hang up, and I fall back onto the couch with a huge smile. I feel like I'm in a dream, and the memories of the night he and I spent together rush forward to claim my thoughts for the rest of the night. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO "Thank you guys for coming over. I need an outside opinion on which dress to wear. Usually, Mike has to endure this alone; it'll be nice to have a woman's opinion for once," I say, poking my head out of the closet to give Jessica a hopeful smile. I'm trying hard to make her feel welcome and comfortable for Mike's sake. Actually, it's for both our sakes. At this point, if she leaves him and my friend turns back into Mopey Mike, well, I might just jump off that cliff anyway. After Lauren Mallory dumped him in college, I spent the next two years holding his hand and nursing his wounds. Not again. "I'm more than happy to help. Mike was pretty worried about you; we were so relieved to hear you actually found a date," Jessica says. She's not being rude, but I've learned she's one of those people who were born without a filter. "I wasn't worried ," Mike says in his defense. We both give him the look, and he slumps in his chair. "Okay, I was a little worried. I just hated the thought of you being alone, sitting in your apartment all pathetic and sad and—" "Thanks, Mike. I got it," I say, stepping out and adjusting the strap of the emerald green dress I'm leaning toward at the moment. "What do you think?" "Looks good," Mike says, playing with his phone and not paying attention at all. I look to Jessica for a real opinion, and she's studying me intently. I knew I could count on her. "I do like the cut on you; it really flatters your figure. And the fact that it's not strapless is good. Strapless is way overdone, in my opinion. All in all, I'd say I like this dress the best. The red one made you look so washed out and much too thick, and you do not want that. This color green goes great with your pale skin, and you really won't even need to accessorize. Maybe some earrings, but that's it. I know it's last minute, so if you need anything, I have a shit-ton of jewelry. I could bring it all over tomorrow, and we could go through it together if you want." "Wow, thanks, Jess. I really appreciate it. I'd love to see your earrings. I don't have much in the way of costume jewelry." "Well, I'm the costume jewelry queen, so don't worry. I've got you covered. Now, where's your bathroom? I've already had three soy lattes today." "Down the hall, first door on the left," I tell her, and when she's gone, I turn to Mike with a big smile. "Wow, I'm really impressed with her, Mike. You need someone like her—someone who's not afraid to be honest with you." Mike leans back in his chair with a smug grin. "She's pretty great, huh? So, tell me what you think about this. Tomorrow night, we're going to start out at Lark for dinner. Then, we'll head over to the Alibi Room for drinks and dancing. After the ball drops, she thinks I'll be taking her home, but that's not going to happen because I booked a room at the Pan Pacific." " Ooh , fancy. Look who's pulling out all the stops. I must say, I'm proud of you, Michael Andrew Newton," I tell him with a nod of approval. "Thank you, thank you," he says, taking a bow. And then, in true Michael Andrew Newton fashion, he ruins everything. "See, we haven't technically slept together yet, and I figure what better night than New Year's Eve, right?" "Wait, what ? You haven't even slept together, and you're taking her to a hotel? Oh, no, Mike. No, no, no. Abort, abort. Not a good idea." Mike is utterly confused. "What do you mean? Why not?" God, he's so clueless. "Be cause, idiot, you don't want to pressure her! Maybe she's still a virgin, did you ever think of that? I mean, nothing says 'I expect to fuck' like a hotel room. Jeez, just when I think you can't get any dumber . . ." Before Mike can argue, Jessica flits back into the room, putting the kibosh on our conversation. Ugh, what a