Author's Chapter Notes: Hello everyone! I hope you enjoy my take on what could happen at a boring company Christmas party. I'd like to thank Alice's White Rabbit for betaing, and Kherisma for being my super awesome VB. Both ladies are like snow on Christmas morning :D Onto the story ... A Holiday Liaison I'm doing this for Mike. He helped me out, and it's only fair. I'm a good friend ... maybe too good . That's what I keep telling myself as I curl my hair and plaster makeup on my face. Back in July, when my friend, Mike Newton, pretended to be my boyfriend at a party my ex showed up to, he did me a huge solid. When I saw the look on Jake's face as Mike smacked my ass and threw me over his shoulder, I knew there was no way I could ever repay him. Mike assured me there was. I was so in debt to him at the time. Agreeing to be his date for his company's Christmas party seemed easy enough, but now, here it is the middle of December, and I couldn't be dreading the night ahead any more. Mike's always had a thing for me, but we, meaning I, decided long ago we were much better off as friends. Tonight, he's merely using me as an accessory to make someone he works with notice him-some Jessica chick, who thinks she's too good for him. Knowing Mike, she probably is. Either way, a deal's a deal, and I always make good on my word. If this Jessica thinks Mike isn't good enough for her, then we'll do our best to convince her she's missing something. My friend, in all his profundity, dreamed up a plan for tonight. I would spend the first part of the evening fawning all over him; then, by the time everyone was good and liquored up, I would make a scene and break up with him, hopefully leaving Jessica to pick up the pieces of his broken heart. "Okay, so you remember the story, right?" Mike asks, adjusting his tie; his eyes are fixed on the crowded room we haven't yet entered. "Yes. I'm your long-distance girlfriend, on break from a grueling semester at Harvard where I study law," I say and roll my eyes. "Honestly, Mike, why did you make me a law student? What the hell am I supposed to say if anyone asks me about the legal system? I'm an accountant, for Pete's sake." Mike puts his hands on my shoulders. "Don't worry about that; I'll handle the conversation. All you have to do is look gorgeous and pretend I'm the greatest guy you've ever met." "Well, I'm no Meryl Streep, but I'll do my best," I say, and he narrows his eyes with a sardonic grin. Mike yanks my arm through his, and we make our way inside the Edgewater Hotel. The east ballroom is decked to the nines in tinsel and lights, and we're immediately greeted by a couple of his co-workers. "Newton, you piece of shit, what took you so long? I thought you were going to meet us early to get an edge on the shrimp cocktail," a wirey, Asian fellow says, and I have to hide my grin against Mike's arm. "I told you I had to pick up my girlfriend from the airport. Bella, these are my co-workers, Ben Cheney and Tyler Crawley. Guys, this is my Bella." Both boys' jaws are on the ground, and their ogling makes me uncomfortable. It's like they've never seen a woman before. The taller guy, Tyler, speaks up first. "I-we thought you were fake." "I'm sorry?" My eyes slide to Mike, but he's glaring at Tyler. "It's just ... I mean, we've never actually seen you. Mike talks about you all the time, but no one actually believed you existed," Ben explains. Suddenly, I feel sorry for Mike. He hasn't had a real girlfriend since college, and it breaks my heart that he's lowered himself to pretend relationships. Because it's a week before Christmas, and I'm feeling extra fucking jolly, I decide to help the poor sap out. "Well," I say, ghosting my fingers up the length of Mike's tie to his chin, playing with the sparse hairs on his jaw, "I don't think Mike would call what I did for him on the car ride over fake. Isn't that right, sweetie?" Mike looks down at me. "What happened in the car?" Jesus Christ. You try to throw a dog a bone ... "Just shut up and kiss me," I say and yank on his stupid reindeer tie until his lips are pressed against mine. Before he can take advantage and wiggle his tongue into my mouth, I break the kiss and pull him past his salivating friends. I need a drink. "What was that?" Mike asks, glancing over his shoulder. He has the biggest shit-eating grin on his face, but the look I give him dissolves it. "I felt sorry for you, that's all. And, seriously, find some gum. Do you want to approach your dream girl with garlic breath? Let's get a drink and take a moment to go over a couple rules," I say, taking a seat at the bar. "Rules?" he asks, ordering a beer. I wait until my rum and Diet Coke is in hand before elaborating. "Yes, rules. What I did back there was of my own accord. I wanted to show those scrawny fucks you aren't just some joke. As long as you're comfortable with it, I'll continue to make those types of calls as I see fit. Tonight, you're no joke. Tonight, you're my boyfriend." "You're the best, Bella. I can't believe how cool you're being." I shrug. "Well, you're a good buddy, and who knows when I'll need you again. I guess this is kind of our thing." Just thinking of Jake with his beautifully exotic girlfriend makes me shudder. Before Mike can respond, I give him a pointed look. "That doesn't mean you can act like a fool. You need to be sharp-on your game. And try to keep the conversation away from me at all cost. This is about her; I'm merely your arm candy." "Can we dance?" "No dancing." "Two songs." "No songs; it's not happening. And, God forbid, if there is another kiss, you will not even think about using your tongue. That is one line not to be crossed. It would be like kissing my retarded brother, or something." Mike takes an affronted swig of his Bud. "Come on; haven't you ever thought about it before-you and me?" This guy . I try hard to not look as repulsed as I am. "Absolutely never." He stares at me with a smirk, waiting for me to break, but of course, I don't. "I'll show you retarded brother ..." he mutters, sighing. "Fine. I'll keep it PG until you take it further. But if Jessica suddenly appears, and I need you on the fly, don't freak out on me. Maybe we can use some sort of signal, or something. Yeah, like the bat signal!" Mike's getting a little too excited, and I roll my eyes. "We don't need a signal; just don't be an idiot." I sink the rest of my cocktail and order another before turning in my seat to scan the room. "Do you see her yet?" Mike takes a look around, and when his face goes all soft and gooey, I know he's spotted her. I follow his eyes and take in the infamous Jessica. She's cute-brown hair, brown eyes, a round face, and a soft figure. She's pretty, but even from across the room, it's easy to see she's the kind of girl who totes around false confidence-the same kind of girl who draws attention to herself in every given situation merely for the sake of reassurance. Hell, in the short time I've been staring at her, she's fixed her dress three times and is currently studying her face in the back of a spoon. I thought the idea of making her jealous was stupid, but she's exactly the type of person this kind of thing works on. "Let's go say hello, shall we?" I say, nudging Mike out of his wet dream. "Yeah," he says through a breath, and I grab him by the arm before we go any further. "Here, I wasn't kidding." I dig around in my bag and he accepts the piece of gum with no qualms. As we make our way to Jessica's table, I instruct him to put his arm around my waist, and he does as he's told, though his eyes never leave his dream girl. She's talking to a group of Mike's co-workers and looking around as if searching for someone. Her eyes land on the two of us, and her brows knit together at the sight of me. "Lean down and whisper something in my ear," I tell Mike through a fake smile. He leans down and whispers against my neck. "I don't know what to say." At least his breath is better. I giggle, as if he just suggested we sneak away to the utility closet, and push him away with a playful shove just as we join the circle. "Hey, Mike," Jessica says slowly. "Who's your friend?" She gives me a tight smile with no warmth. I had her pegged right; I can practically see her measuring herself against me. She really doesn't have to be so self-conscious; she's even prettier up close. I can see why Mike was taken with her. "Hey, Jess; hey, everyone. This is my girlfriend Bella; I'm sure you've all heard me talk about her," he says, smiling down at me. I look up at him with googly eyes and a shy smile, and he continues. "Baby, this is Jessica Stanley, Angela Webber, and you've already met Ben." Jessica sticks her hand out to shake mine. "So, Bella, Mike tells us you're in law school. That's ambitious; when do you graduate?" Uh-oh, she's determined to sniff me out. "Um, next spring," I say at the exact same time Mike says 'two more years'. With a look that begs him to let me handle this, I turn back to the confused crowd. "Well, I'm hoping this spring, but I may end up spending the next year abroad, which would push it back a little." There, that's convincing, right? Ugh, the eyebrow Jessica throws me tells me it's not. Fuck. "I didn't think they allowed sabbaticals in law school. How interesting." Before I can string together another bullshit answer, a man so striking steps up beside Jessica, wiping drops of rain from his brow. "Sorry that took so long. The valet station was empty; I had to drive around three times until I found a spot." Jessica beams a full, thousand-watt smile and puts her arm through his. "That's okay; you're just in time to meet my friends. Edward, this is Angela, Ben, Mike, and Mike's date, Bella. Everyone, this is Edward, my date ." She looks at me with a pointy smirk. "He's an attorney." Mike's hand tightens around mine like a vice; he's just as dumbfounded by the guy as I am. We both stare at him like a couple of idiots, and I can practically hear Mike's testicles clambering into his body. This is starting to get creepy. I seriously have to stop staring at Edward, but at the moment, I can't think of anything worse than taking my eyes away from him. He's just so enigmatic, so intriguing, so- wait a minute! Hold the phone. Did she just say he's an attorney? Shit on me; now what am I going to do? When Mike nudges me, I come to and realize it's not just Edward staring at me; everyone else is, too. "I'm sorry, what?" I ask, flailing to find my footing. Jessica snickers at my idiocy. "I