There is nothing that validates one's masculinity more than having a girl fall asleep in your arms. There's something to be said about making someone feel safe enough that they trust you when they're at their most vulnerable. Especially someone like Katniss Everdeen. It was different in the arena; we had an audience to convince. Those moments in the cave were pleasant, fleeting though they were, but both of us were so clouded by the haze of convalescence and panic and fear that it wasn't quite satisfactory. My mind was so consumed by pain at the time that I could scarcely enjoy it. Something changed during our Victory Tour, though. Like something snapped and what was once an impenetrable wall between us suddenly came crumbling down. I felt it, and I know she did too, though I could see her struggling with herself, first trying to fight it, and then trying to make sense of it. I could hardly judge her for it. I knew what happened to her father, knew what awful burden she carried after suddenly being encumbered with the responsibility of being sole provider and protector for her family. I think a part of her didn't want to get close enough to anyone to become attached, because in her experience, being attached might mean losing them in some gruesome way one day. Which, in our situation, was not an irrational assumption. My heart broke when I heard her screams from the hallway on the train, a vague sense of panic rising up in my chest when I ran in to rouse her. Of course I knew she was in no real danger, but I understood what was causing her distress. Because I experience them too. Night terrors, flashbacks from the arena. An echo of the horrors we escaped there, still ricocheting in our heads when our subconscious comes out to play. Mine are at least manageable, though still horrific - images of her slipping away from me, dragged off by some savage competitor in the Games, throat ripped open by a mutt, her eyes going dim from cold and starvation before I can get to her. Each time I find myself running toward her, following the sound of her screams, I always get there too late. But then I wake up and see her again, and everything is all right. I can only imagine what her nightmares must be like. For a time, I'd formed a facade of an alliance with the Careers as a ruse to keep us both alive in the arena. Only she didn't know. There was no way for me to inform her of my plan. How she must have felt then, completely alone, thinking I'd committed an ultimate act of betrayal. I feel a stab in my chest even now when I think about it. Sometimes I wonder if her nightmares are about me betraying her and slaughtering her in the arena. I think what hurts me the most is that her mind might have ever made that connection in the first place, to think that I would have ever been able to do that to her. But that night on the train when I'd gently coaxed her back to reality, soothing her with reassurances that sounded like trite platitudes in my own head, something in her face changed, and even as dark as it was in the compartment, I still saw it. Something softened there, and I think maybe she was less inhibited from the vestiges of sleep that still clung to her mind, but she'd asked me to stay. I wasn't sure I wanted to. Not out of lack of interest or distrust, but more out of concern for her. How lucid is she right now? I'd thought. I didn't want to risk the chance of her waking up in the morning and not remembering her request, then panicking at my intrusion, and then this tentative connection I'd worked so hard to cultivate with her being damaged indefinitely. Most of all, I respect her, and I didn't want to exploit her in a moment of weakness just to get a chance to do something I'd always wanted to do. She was so urgent in her request though, and I could see her grey eyes glinting in the dim light, pleading with me, some remnants of fear from her nightmare still clinging there, and I felt that innate lurch of protectiveness in me that supersedes any notion of prudence when it comes to her. I couldn't in good faith abandon her in that state, so I'd slid into bed with her and tightened my arms around her, closing my eyes at the overwhelming gratification that one little gesture of intimacy provided. It was the first time I could genuinely show her affection without the inhibition of injury and pain, or the intrusion of a camera crew, or some other pressing matter that made what little romance I could muster for her almost seem like a complete waste. At first she was rigid, trembling slightly with uncertainty, but in an instant she'd melted into my arms so easily, as if we'd been doing it for a lifetime. I'd come to appreciate the softer parts of the female body that night. One thing is certain, seeing and feeling are two remarkably different things. I'd admired her from a distance for years. But finally feeling the press of her body against me, the softness of her breasts swelling against me with each breath, her thighs pressed against mine, that pleasant texture only a girl's skin can have - it suddenly made being male a rather undignified annoyance. I'd clenched my teeth against the tightening in my groin, which was no unfamiliar sensation these days, doing my best to regulate my breathing and concentrate on other things so that it didn't become too uncomfortable. And then I'd tentatively tested her boundaries, letting my hands wander, lightly exploring her skin with my fingers to see how far she'd let me go, wondering if perhaps somehow I might win her over. Initially it seemed as though she was going to reject me. Which would have been fine. I found that the mere act of finally getting to truly hold her was a small victory, and that would have been enough for me. But then there was that abandon of restraint, that defining moment where she yielded to me, and soon she was laying before me, thighs spread and helpless to the whims of my tongue. Truth be told, hearing her confession to me about her lack of experience, then looking upon the most intimate part of her and seeing that she was clearly still intact was something of a shock. I'd thought her situation with Gale was at least a casually intimate one, them always sneaking off to the woods together. Of course they were hunting partners, but I'd always parsed some other underlying dynamic between them, so I'd just assumed. But here she was, as unspoiled as myself, and I suddenly realized she'd never experienced the likes of the pleasure I'd given her. What I did to her that night was something I'd been curious about trying for some time. My parents have always had something of a frosty relationship, and it's something of a shock that I'm not an only child. Out of some therapeutic measure to cope with their loveless marriage, my mother had an assortment of romance novels and erotica she'd secretly traded at the Hob which she'd done a poor job of concealing within the house. Being bored as I was one summer day, I'd stumbled across her book collection, not knowing what they were, and perused the pages, shocked at the detailed descriptions of intimate contact they provided. I remember blushing furiously and hastily returning the book to its hiding spot, but soon curiosity got the best of me and I skimmed through the pages, wondering if these were things people actually did in real life. Surely a couple that truly loved one another? Though I found the characters in the books remarkably contrived and cartoonish, nothing realistic about them; the men pompous swaggering fools with no real depth, the women swooning tarts whose sole existence revolved around how much they could make their men like them. But if women read these, certainly there was something about them that was appealing? Hearing Katniss moan, seeing how easily I brought her to climax, I was pleased with myself that I'd pulled it off on the first try. All that reading seemed to pay off. I felt like I was truly prepared. The sound she made when she climaxed was arousing in itself - a strangled, throaty moan, a slow, deep breath, another moan carried on a sigh, and on it went, swallowed behind her clenched teeth as she writhed beneath my mouth, her muscles tense and spasming with each violent contraction brought on by my tongue. She about fainted when I'd finished her. I didn't want to speculate on something so narcissistic, but for a moment, I entertained the thought that I might possibly have been her first orgasm. But that couldn't be right. Surely she'd at least touched herself before? I was about to ask when I realized how uncouth it would sound, how potentially embarrassing it would be for her, and instead asked if she'd like for me to do the favor of getting her virginity out of the way. In retrospect, it was a bad idea. I never should have said anything, because we broached upon the subject of Gale, and there was an awkward tension for a moment before I reassured her and brushed off the topic entirely. I must have invoked some pretty strong feelings, because she seemed on the verge of breaking into a sob before I gathered her up in my arms and caressed her to sleep. I must have awakened something in her that night, something subconscious that even she wasn't aware about, because long after she'd fallen asleep, her breathing slow and shallow against my neck, her hand crept to the persistent bulge in my pants and lightly began to rub a slow rhythm beneath her palm. It was such a strange moment, so uncharacteristic and surreal that I thought I was dreaming. She would never do this. I could feel her steady, even breathing warming my neck against her lips, the movement of her hand too lethargic and idle to be a conscious effort. I buried my face in her hair to stifle my moan. The heat from the friction only made my situation worse. I struggled to think clearly, cursing the way all the blood in my body seemed to rush to one spot, depriving me of my much needed senses. There was a small voice in the back of my head that deliberated on stilling her hand, knowing that she wasn't fully aware of her actions, but it felt so good that I couldn't much focus for very long. Never underestimate the power of instinct, I guess. Throwing two people together like this, alone and in such close proximity, it's inevitable. After a while it goes from awkward comfort and play-acting to body heat and bare flesh and mouths and heartbeats and thighs and suddenly you're no longer concerned about propriety or boundaries or death, you're just consumed by the inherent desire to find out what one another tastes like. No erotic fluff instruction manual required. I gained new confidence on that tour. At some point I'd noticed she would frequently squeeze her thighs together, squirming in her seat to quiet the ache between her legs while occasionally stealing sideways glances at me. I couldn't deny how she seemed to warm up to me, how she began to send furtive glances in my direction and occasionally attempt - poorly, might I add - to conceal her tremble of excitement. Usually the immediate result of a carefully timed glance from me,