A/N: I've finally decided to crosspost this from AO3. Hopefully it's not too provocative for FF. .Peeta . It's been six weeks since the failed attempt on Snow's life. Six weeks since the bombs dropped, killing the Capitol hostages barricading the mansion, and the medics that came to treat them. Six weeks since I've seen Katniss. I'd miraculously made it to the City Circle on my own, fighting flashbacks and scattered memories tainted by the shiny backdrop of tracker jacker venom, trying to stay focused on why I was there, what my objective was. I remember being burned in the explosion, and being apprehended by Peacekeepers, fighting as hard as I could to get them off of me. I couldn't let Snow's men take me again. I couldn't let them torture me again. Things were only just beginning to get clear, my memories were only just beginning to sort out between Real and Not Real . I was in restraints and the nightlock tablet that Gale had generously relinquished for me was tucked away in a pocket, out of reach, and soon my clothes were confiscated so I could be given a simple white cotton shirt and pants, then I was thrown into a sterile hospital room with the door locked from the outside. A doctor was sent to tend to my wounds, using the most elite treatments available to ensure a remarkably swift recovery. I wondered why so much effort was being taken to heal my body when I knew I would just be tortured and wounded again. There was no way Snow would let my betrayal slide. My act of defiance by joining the rebels in the face of what I knew he could do to me was likely the utmost embarrassment to him. Hard to forget the first time I'd been captured and tortured, and medics were sent into my cell after each session to heal my body and keep me alive so that I'd be fresh again for the next round. If I passed out from pain, fear, or shock, a medic was always on hand to make me whole again so I would never be allowed merciful escape. And my body adapted, becoming a little more resilient every time, so it took more trauma each time before my brain checked out for the day. A cruel cycle to keep me perpetually in peak condition so I could fully appreciate what was being done to me. And after being captured as a Thirteen rebel, it was happening all over again. I repeatedly asked the medics that attended to me the same questions: Why am I here? Why are my injuries being treated? What will become of me when I'm healed? ...Where is Katniss? Always they remained silent. They would only speak to give me simple instruction, how to keep from aggravating any of my injuries, the proper use of medications. I quickly became enraged by their silence, infuriated by the disrespectful nature of how they openly ignored me, and I hurled insults and obscenities at them until they sedated me. I refused to eat the food they brought to me. I tried my best to trash the room, but the Capitol, in all its apparent lack of foresight as far as its own sustainability, still managed to predict the volatile nature of hostages and made everything infuriatingly unbreakable. I weighed my options on assaulting the medics that cared for me, but quickly ruled it out when I realized there would be no hope of successfully killing myself and that Snow would never grant me the mercy of a swift execution for my insubordination. It became very apparent that the torture chamber was the only future for me, regardless of what I did. I thought about Katniss, tried to use her as a tether to the real world and my sanity. Tried to recall memories of her, hoping it would invoke the emotions I originally felt before they were hijacked from me. Most of them were still shiny. Under the heavy influence of sedatives and painkillers, I focused on the last moment I shared with her, before we left Tigris' shop and headed for the City Circle. I thought about the way she threw her arms around my neck, causing me to recoil out of the instinct with which Snow's torturers had conditioned me, but I fought the horrific, distorted images of her that they'd planted in my head and reluctantly returned the embrace. A dozen images assaulted my thoughts in that moment, flashing with such intensity that I almost blacked out. A flood of memories tied to the way her arms felt around me, the way her small body felt pressed against mine, the scent of her hair - all invoking a fleeting sense of... something . A vaguely familiar jumble of emotions stirred in a suppressed part of my mind as I tried desperately to grasp at shadowed images of things that happened on the train, or in the cave in the arena, or in her house in the Victor's Village. And then it seemed like she'd released me too soon. I'd felt the familiar swell of her breasts against me, that moment where her body began to yield to me and appreciate my touch, but she'd stiffened shortly thereafter, as if she didn't want to get too caught up in the moment. Didn't want to feel too much, because of the prospect that, yet again, one of us might not make it back alive. It's her defense mechanism, putting up that wall and shutting out everything, maintaining a safe distance so that when betrayal or abandonment or death happens, she's effectively protected. The quickening in my chest immediately subsided. In that moment, I could feel a shiny memory trying to force its way into my conscious thought from the back of my mind, a fabricated image of a monstrous, mutt-version of Katniss, teeth sharpened into fangs. So loaded on tracker jacker venom as I was during initial captivity, my torturers kept feeding me images of Katniss and Enobaria in such rapid succession that my addled mind began to superimpose the images as one, so that Katniss became that feral, fanged monster that consistently haunted my nightmares. I expended every bit of my concentration on forcing the image back into the depths of my mind, feeling the muscles in my chest and shoulders clench as I suppressed the urge to react. Not. Real. I don't want them to change me in there. Turn me into some kind of monster that I'm not. Ha . What a remarkable failure that had been. How I'd come to lose myself to hysterical fits of laughter just by replaying that moment on the rooftop in my head. A hazy image of Katniss replaced the false one that threatened to resurface, an image of her helpless and frightened and confused, her throat constricted in my hands as she gasped for air, struggling to speak. My name was on her lips. I barely remember the assault, I was so clouded by the vestiges of venom and altered memory, I don't even remember what I was thinking or what motivated me to react. I don't think I was thinking in that moment, really. It was an impulse that I couldn't control any more than I could control my own heartbeat. A reflex with which I was intentionally programmed. The perfect weapon. I keep wishing I could think of a way to show the Capitol they don't own me. That I'm more than just a piece in their Games . Alone and locked in my sterile little room, awaiting whatever fate was to come to me, I let those hysterics claim me, laughing like a lunatic - and by all accounts, I was - at the memory of that night. How innocent of a moment that was, sitting on the rooftop of the Training Center with this girl I'd spent nearly my entire life fantasizing about how I might steal a moment alone with her, finally granted that wish and bearing my soul to her as I frantically weighed the options of impulsively leaning in to kiss her but never quite summoning up the courage to do it. Even as I was being sent off to my death, this trivial urge still dominated my thoughts. There I was, having an existential crisis instead of strategizing my survival. How fucking quaint. Give my mother my best when you make it back, will you? Somehow I'd known that Katniss would make it out of that arena alive. She was unpredictable, and petulant, and aloof, and mistrust was second nature to her, so her wariness and ability to work alone would definitely all work to her advantage. I knew that Katniss would give my mother her condolences, but with her trademark edge of fiery conviction. I secretly knew how she felt about my mother, too easily deduced from the furtive glances I'd catch from her in school sometimes, lingering a little too long on my bruises and contusions, that flash of outrage in her eyes before she'd swiftly look away. Or that day with the bread, when she'd stared indignantly at where my mother had struck me. There was no doubt that when Katniss made it back to Twelve, she'd respond with something cutting and passive aggressive to say to the grieving mother of a son that was never wanted. And that's exactly what I'd meant on the rooftop that night. I knew my words carried a significant weight to them, and that Katniss was clever enough to figure it out. I'd always tried so hard to be charitable and forgiving and good, to block out any possibility of turning into my mother, but there was always that potential, that small heat of fury inside me, waiting to be awakened. It would always show a glimmer of itself in fleeting moments, like it did then, in my carefully contained spite. Who knew that Snow would find out about it and exploit it, use me as a piece in his Games. I'm silently grateful that my mother didn't make it out of Twelve when it burned to the ground. Even after her death, she's still hurting me. I will always ever have the rage gene, gifted to me by her. Always lying dormant, waiting to be triggered. Snow's torturers must have been expertly trained on bringing it out, because now it's like I'm going through puberty all over again, trying desperately to control the volatile emotions storming inside me, the temptation to destroy everything and harm everyone in my path at the slightest provocation. Fuck you, Mother. I hope you burned slowly . I'd dashed the image of Katniss' suffocating expression from my mind, tried to bury the memory of the bruises my hands left on her throat. That image haunts me in my sleep, and even in wakefulness too, sometimes flashing behind my eyes without warning if I let my mind wander to thoughts of her for too long. I tried to think about positive memories of her that Snow couldn't know about, things that transpired secretly between only the two of us, memories his hijackers couldn't touch. Comforting moments on the train, passionate moments in her bed, a painfully bittersweet night in mine. They were always hazy and just out of reach, as though I were looking at the world through a foggy window. Any time I could grasp a solid memory that we shared alone, I found it slipping away too quickly, only to be distorted and replaced by another hijacked image, corrupted and left to me as a lingering gift from my captors in the Capitol. Or, more often than not, I'd vividly remember my promises to always ever be gentle with her, immediately followed by an impetuous, accusatory flash of her throat colored by bruises shaped like my hands. Then, in my mind's panicked attempt to retreat from my own self-loathing, the