I think my hair is on fire. The heat feels too close behind me as I flee the blaze that is too patterned and too calculated to have been an accident - to have not been fabricated by a Gamemaker to smoke me out. The carefully aimed fireball that hurtles toward my head confirms it. I'm running as fast as I can but everything seems lethargic and sluggish, and I have that vague sensation of being underwater. I'm normally a fast runner, but this time my body is too fatigued and stubborn to respond to urgency. I realize the trademark signs of dream-state movement just as I escape the blaze and emerge from the trees to be greeted by Cato, who thrusts his spear straight into my head. I awake with a start, a guttural series of noises coming from me that are somewhere between screams and panicked panting. My body instinctively flails about in the dark, impulsively defensive. My brain knows it was just another night terror, that I'm safe now aboard the train that plows through the districts as we undertake our Victory Tour, but my body is still an uncontrollable vessel of reflexes and nerves. I jolt at the slightest unexpected noise, movement, or touch. The night terrors still inundate my sleep. It's going to be like this for the rest of my life. I can no longer censure Haymitch for his incessant drinking. I wonder how long it will take before I go down that road. I see myself in ten years, haggard and as though I've aged twice as much, sloppy and disgruntled and impatient, a cynical old hag who regards the tributes I mentor as cattle being led to their slaughter. Or mere inconveniences that hinder the acquisition of my next drink. The thought makes me gag, but the image dissipates when Peeta hurriedly bursts into the room. Something about his expression softens the disquiet in me. Always a wealth of compassion and selflessness, that boy. His face is flooded with concern and perhaps a bit of protectiveness as well, lit by an undercurrent of urgency that comes with the innate passion to keep me safe. Before the Games, I would have resented it. I would have found it condescending and nauseating that someone would think me so weak and vulnerable to require protection. I think a part of me still does. I'm supposed to be the protector. But it's different now. The horrors in that arena changed me, permanently. I no longer balk at the prospect of expressing vulnerability. I just try to express it when no one's looking. But right now, I just need to be held. I have a hard time even admitting it to myself. "Peeta, will you stay with me?" My voice sounds shrill and disingenuous, and I wince at how pathetic I sound to myself. I'm not used to asking for things like this. I'm not used to feeling like this. The urgency in his eyes flickers to something else. Confusion, maybe? Apprehension. I must have sounded sarcastic and stupid to him as well. Fantastic . But then I realize that he never would have expected such a request from me. He's become so accustomed to my indifference since the Games, since the absence of the cameras, it's taken him off-guard that I would do such a thing with no audience to emotionally manipulate. I see that flash of doubt - his face is always an open book, too easy to ascertain what he's thinking or feeling - and I almost feel like I can see him working it out in his head, what could possibly motivate me to request his intimate company. It's only for a second though, not even long enough to be really considered a hesitation, and he acquiesces, sliding between the sheets with me and settling down beside me so that I can rest my head on his shoulder. He's bare down to his waist, wearing only a pair of loose training pants. His body is warm, his arm strong and firm as he pulls me against his side. I'm tense, not sure I remember how to do this and feeling incredibly awkward, but the arm that embraces me gently tightens around me in a subtle gesture of reassurance, his fingers idly tracing soft caresses over my side and back. It's a soothing touch, and finally I relax against him, hypnotized into a detached lethargy by the slow, steady rhythm of his heart and the motion of the speeding train. I don't quite fall asleep, but I hover somewhere comfortably in between, conscious enough to distantly notice fleeting little sensations, but not quite asleep enough to return to the horrors of my memories. It feels good. I don't think I quite expected this. He feels good. He keeps tracing faint caresses over my waist, and I pretend not to notice how he surreptitiously inches the hem up on my night camisole so that his fingers can brush against bare skin. It's a pleasant sensation, and I have to force myself to stifle a small moan of contentment in the back of my throat. I'm not allowed to enjoy this. I'm only doing it out of necessity. I feel him press his lips to the top of my head, hear him slowly inhale the scent of my hair, and something else catches in my throat - that same feeling I had that time we kissed in the Games, the only time I ever felt a spark of emotion for him during the entirety of our performance as the ill-fated lovers from District 12. I'm grateful for the darkness and that my face is hidden so he doesn't see my suppressed smile. I'm grateful it's too dark for him to see the chillbumps that have crawled over my skin at the sensation of his warm, fluttering touch at my waist. I hope he's asleep, because I nestle deeper into his embrace, subconsciously nuzzling into his chest as I breathe in his scent. I try to be subtle about it, not wanting to show an obvious display of affection. I am half asleep, and I could pass it off as an unconscious repositioning to make myself more comfortable. He responds to the movement, and I can tell by the tightening of the muscles of his chest that he's craning his neck to try and see my face. His embrace tightens gently around me for a brief moment, and his caresses to my waist and back become more assertive as he daringly pulls my shirt up even further without even bothering with the pretense of accident anymore. I draw a deep breath at his bold touch, melting against him as I'm brought to the surface of wakefulness now, fighting the sudden, inexplicable urge to bury my face in his chest and press my lips to his heartbeat. It's such a nagging desire that I keep finding myself on the verge of doing it, and I keep having to hide the gesture by lightly running the tip of my nose along his chest. His fingertips continue their caresses as his other hand finds my face, his thumb brushing my cheekbone before he's running his fingers gently through my hair. He presses his lips to the top of my head again, a long, lingering kiss that sends an electric warmth through my entire body, and I turn my face upward so that I'm nuzzling at his neck, warming the tip of my nose in the heat of his pulse. His fingers travel higher up my waist, brushing against my ribcage, and I tense nervously as his hand comes a little too close to the curve of the side of my breast. He courteously draws his hand away, but he's looking down at me in the darkness now, and I can feel his eyes burning into me with such intensity that I'm afraid to see what emotion lies behind them. The hand that toyed with my hair is now cradling my neck, his thumb tracing my jawline as he delicately guides me back so I'm forced to look into his eyes. "You know, it's eventually going to have to come to this, Katniss," he says softly, his voice gruff with the bleakness of reality, though he's unable to hide the strained excitement and hope behind it. "You know what's expected of us. We're going to at least have to...try." I'm suddenly cursing how close we are now, because I know he can feel the frantic pounding of my nervous heart against his ribcage. I can't even bear the nakedness of strangers, much less fathom the prospect of intimacy. I realize that the concept of it terrifies me. It's not something I've ever really thought about, because survival was always the one thing predominant in my mind. The Capitol expects us to get married. And we'll have to consummate that marriage. I feel myself blanch at the possibility that they'll probably invite camera crews along for the sensational experience. The entire Capitol has become so infatuated by our romance that the more I think about it, the less absurd it seems that they would be that invasive with our relationship. I know my sense of panic is palpable, because he senses it and his caresses to my waist and neck become slower, gentler, the way one might calm a frightened animal. "I didn't mean to make you uncomfortable," he says apologetically, his thumb grazing along my bottom lip. "You're not obligated to do anything until you're ready." As if in defiance of my diffidence, my body stubbornly resists and I feel a twinge between my legs, as if an electric current suddenly brought to life the most intimate part of me. The way his thumb affectionately touches my lower lip stirs something inside me, and I feel my heart jump erratically within my chest as my breath catches in my throat. "Have you ever made love before?" I ask weakly, feeling foolish because my voice shakes when I speak. I'm mortified that we're even talking about this. He gives a tight smile and shakes his head. "Me neither," I answer awkwardly, though it's unnecessary because I know he already knows this. As if my bashful reaction to naked men wasn't obvious enough. "Although I've...entertained myself before," he says, his smile becoming slightly mischievous when I attempt to hide my blush in his chest. Probably thinking about me , I think, and immediately I chastise myself for being so vain and vulgar, but the pragmatist in me knows it's probably dreadfully true. The image instantly flashes through my head - of him alone with the self-inflicted pleasures of his hand wrapped around his length, stroking himself to relief as he whispers my name. And suddenly, the thought of it isn't humiliatingly obscene to me anymore, but somehow vaguely flattering - endearing, even. And, though I hate to admit it even to myself in the deepest recesses of my subconscious, I find something tantalizingly erotic about it as well. Not only that he pleasured himself, but that he trusts me enough to confess that he did it. The moment feels increasingly intimate now, and I realize it's because in an instant, he's gone from chaste, adolescent lover to being thrust into my awareness as a sexual being, and now the image of him as a man with carnal desires is something I can no longer avoid. As if in enthusiastic affirmation of this, I shift in his embrace, feeling the rigid and unavoidable protrusion of his arousal brush against the inside of my bare thigh, and I flinch at the realization that the only thing between him and my naked body is a sheer camisole and my underwear. I feel him stiffen, and I know it's because he expects a mortified reaction from me, ready to distance himself from me in an instant in respect for my modesty. Instead I pull into his embrace,