Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. This one-shot is dedicated to my Hoodie. Happy Birthday, boo boo. I love you. What Happens in South Padre Lying wide awake, I stare up at the ceiling fan, its blades turning teasingly at a silent, sluggish pace. I'm far from hypnotized by the lazy spin, finding it damn near impossible to fall asleep without the hum, or any soothing sound separate from the gritting laughter coming from the balcony just outside my window. It chafes my ears, almost as bad as the lingering sand chafes my ass. I snicker at the analogy; still zonked, I realize when I roll over, letting my legs fall off the bed so I can sit up at the side, and try uselessly to blink out the blur. I had my last drink hours ago, but I still feel it, nice and fresh, swimming through my bloodstream and splashing around in my head. The passing headlights do little to help the dizziness, so I shut my eyes to the blinds, still seeing them, their shadows dancing behind my closed lids. Fucking South Padre, the Island full of losers that never sleep. Pinching the bridge of my nose, I snicker again, this time sucking in the stuffy air with a snort. If only I were this clever sober, maybe then I wouldn't be so cynical, maybe then I could loosen up and I don't know, have some fucking fun for once in my life. At least that's what Rose thinks. Rose. What the fuck does she know? Glancing at the door connecting our two rooms, I roll my eyes. Fucking drink or dare. I should have pushed her closer to the pit, and caught her sarong on fire. She was always such a cunt, projecting all of her insecurities onto me. If I wanted to kiss her, I would have fucking kissed her and she would have fucking liked it. My mind hums, the laughter outside my hotel room slowly fading away, replaced by the occasional mumble of partygoers on their way back to bed, or the beach, or wherever the fuck. I don't know, and I don't care. I jump when the door separating Rose's and my rooms clicks open, quick to cover my exposed breasts while simultaneously reaching for the tank balled up on the end of the bed. I let out a silent sigh of relief, and relax my shoulders when I realize it's only the wind pulling and pushing, causing the door to sway. Pulling on my tank, I pad over to close it, grabbing the bottle of 100 proof from the dresser and downing the rest of its contents. I place my free hand on the white, chipped wood, and drop the bottle on the carpeted floor as I slide my hand down to the handle, cracking the door further open instead. I peek inside. Emmett's bear of a body hides every bit of Rose's except the tip top of her bent knee. His snores fill the filthy room. And when I say filthy, I mean fucking filthy. There's clothes strewn everywhere. Red, plastic cups piled up and spilling out all over the place. Disgusting. My attention turns back to Rose's knee when I see it move out of the corner of my eye. I find it amazing that she is even able to sleep, wondering if she really is when I hear a soft whimper in between the bouts of obnoxious log sawing. Intrigued … and incredibly inebriated, I sneak further into the room, making my way through the maze of rumpled button ups and sopping swim trunks. Why in the hell does Emmett own so many pairs of swim trunks? My only source of light is the neon No Vacancy sign. It flickers and surges like an electrical bug trap, flashing with every short in the faulty wiring. The perfect setting for a B-rated slasher. All that's missing is the eery coo of a waterphone and my own personal choice of deadly weapon. But I don't want to kill her. Not right now. The sweet sound of soft whimpers sobers my stupid thoughts, and my attention lands on the top of her bent knee again. I slow my steps as I round the end of the bed, finding Rose sprawled out in a matching white tank and panties. Her thighs are parted wide, one resting on E's back and the other slightly bent, laying lax on the bed. The white cotton of what little she wears stands out against her tan skin. I look down at mine a little perturbed that I've spent just as much time out in the sun as she has and she's at least three shades darker than me. Something has to give. Does she really need it all? I'm not totally sure if I want her or just want to be her, as my eyes travel up one of her thighs, flitting over her flat stomach and full breasts to settle on that pretty face. Every feature is kissed with perfection. Her lips are plump and parted, the insides stained red from all the fireballs she always chews. She has the perfect lips for sucking dick, so says Emmett. I've heard him comment on them. More than a little disturbed when he added that I kinda did, too, and that we were both "made for his oral pleasure." The boy was drunk off his ass, so I let it slide. He was just lucky Rose didn't hear him or he probably wouldn't have had anything left to orally please. What a douche. I wonder if Rose flicks herself off in front him like she does me. Does he know the real sounds she makes when she comes? It's similar to the sound she's making now. I know it well; I've heard it before. Several times before, in fact, seeing as Rosalie has touched herself in front of me – often and without apology. So far, it's only been late at night and under the covers, pretty much whenever she thinks I'm asleep. But I know she's doing it – probably shoving her fingers deep inside that perfectly pink pussy while simultaneously thumbing circles around her clit. Mine throbs at the thought of coming, every recollection of her "O" face burned deep within my brain. My fingers twitch anxiously, my feet stepping up to the end of the mattress on their own accord. For some reason I want to touch her. My eyes dart down to her moving hips, and my gaze settles on the wet spot in the center of her white cotton panties. I must be out of my mind. Bringing one knee up to rest on the end of the mattress, I lean forward on my palms, pulling the other leg up to slowly crawl between her legs. Either I'm imagining it, or she anticipates my late night offering, spreading her thighs wider as I settle on my stomach, lowering my head to skim my nose along the clothed juncture. I owe her a dare, after all. A kiss on the lips. Taking a deep breath, I press my mouth against the fabric, letting out a hot breath as she starts to stir. "Wha- Bella?" I hear her whisper, her thighs barely boxing my ears with her weak attempt to close her legs. Looking up into her hooded, blue eyes, I smile with my brown ones. One glance over at a sleeping Emmett's back and she bites her lip, the shamed aversion of her eyes all I really need as she silently spreads open wide again, resting the crook of her arm across her face. My heart races as I trace a line down the center of her panties. I've never done this before, never wanted to do this before. Not until now, not until I felt the power surging through me from that needy look on her face. Pressing my mouth back into her covered pussy, I finger the edge of her panties before pulling them aside to take in the sight. So pink, and pretty. Rose has one of those slits made for cinematic viewing. I can almost see her clit throbbing, the little bundle of flesh so swollen and in need of a good licking. Holding the crotch of her panties to the side, I close a kiss over her clit, flicking it a couple of times with my tongue while I shove the loose sheets just below my own aching need. Spreading my knees further apart, I grind my pussy into the balled up fabric, damn near coming as I circle my middle finger around the soaked rim of her small entrance. I look up as I slip it just inside, watching her mouth fall further open while I sink in deeper and deeper with every teasing pump. Turning it pad up, I curl it forward, stroking the soft sponginess while licking up what's already leaked out into my palm. I follow the trail up my finger, dipping my tongue partially into her entrance before latching onto her clit and adding a second digit. Simultaneously sucking and licking, I fuck her, feeling my insides flutter at the same exact times that she clamps down on my fingers. As much as our passed-out company will allow, I work her up into a subdued frenzy, her arm clamped tightly across her mouth as her eyes bounce between rolling into the back of her head and cautiously keeping an eye out for her boyfriend to rear his beefy head. Her toes dig into the mattress on either side of me, her breath staggered and labored as she fights the urge to writhe and moan. Doubling my efforts, I'm determined to make her scream. Prude this, ya dirty ho. I'm not worried about the man beside us. Even if he did rouse, I doubt he would mind much. It would probably turn him on and have him begging us both to get in on the action. So far from being a prude, I wouldn't care either way, would probably let him stick it in me if he asked nicely. I almost wish he would wake up and fill my achy cunt as I rub it harder against the balled-up sheets. My fingers jackhammer into her pussy, my hand slapping sloppily against her wet flesh, just as loud as the soppy sound of my wiggling tongue against her clit. Strangled whimpers escape from behind the bend of her elbow, her inner thigh muscles flexing on their own accord. She's about ready to lose it, untangling her grip from her hair to wind it into mine. I still my tongue, flattening it against her as she starts to fuck my face. I can feel the beginnings of her orgasm tightening around my fingers, mine hitting me hard and fast while she still shakes, her inner walls giving in and repeatedly clamping around my fingers. I leave them lodged up inside of her until her back goes lax, smiling to myself when she whimpers while I pull them out to wipe them on the sheets. Covering her back up with a triumphant smirk, I rise onto my hands and knees to get up and leave. Dare accepted and fucking exceeded, bitch. The next morning, I follow Rose's suit, acting as if nothing happened last night. I don't even mention it when we're alone in my room, her back to my naked body while I pull on my bikini and maxi skirt. So what if she had gotten off on my mouth, the mouth of her best friend? So what if it was all right beside her sleeping boyfriend, too? So what? The sun is shining, the wind is blowing, the beach is beautiful, and hindsight's 20/20. Blah, blah,