Edward Cullen's car sits on the corner of Mockingbird Lane, the house in front of him much like the name of the street it resides on: brown and gray and trimmed in white, mocking him with the laughter inside. Silhouettes of women pass by the windows, the rooms lit in soft yellow light. From the safety of his Volvo, Edward squints at the numbers on the mailbox, and squints at the scrap of paper trembling in his hand. The handwriting is worn, the numbers and letters faded from the paper being opened and closed and shoved in the back of his wallet so many times. Emmett's monster of a Jeep is nowhere to be seen, but Edward tells himself this isn't unusual. This is his coworker's house, after all, and there is a garage. Why would Em's car be out of the garage? After one final pep talk, Edward exits the vehicle and locks his car, holding the clicker in his sweaty palm as he makes his way to the front door. The doorbell blinks curiously, beckoning him closer. He presses the button and waits. The longer he waits, the more anxious he becomes. Fog coats his glasses. Using his shirttail, he wipes the steam away from the glass as the door opens. Once his glasses are perched back on his nose, he sees the woman. The first thing he notices is her smile. Big and white and melting away with the awkward rake of his eyes over her body. She studies him in return, not shy with the approving raise of her eyebrow as she notices the muscles under his shirt. Shifting in place, he's a kid again. A boy, no longer a man of thirty, but a child picking up a girl for their first date. He half expects the woman's father to pull the door open further, a loaded shotgun clutched in one hand, but there is no other man. In fact, all he sees inside are women, some slight, some curvy, all curious, flanking each other and staring at the man on the porch. The brunette leans against the door, a mixed drink in her hand. Smile returning, she stirs the contents in a lazy circle but doesn't drink the liquid. Instead, she drinks in the man before her from his feet, to the jeans clinging to lean hips, to the tight black shirt. She breathes in his cologne and wants to melt into it and never come back up for air. "Can I help you?" "I'm—I'm not sure I have the correct address. Emmett and Rosalie invited me—" "They did?" The brunette furrows her brow. "I don't remember either of them mentioning bringing a newcomer into the mix." Edward's cock stiffens when she says "into the mix." As appalled as he once was when Em mentioned tonight's party, he's equally as curious and horny. Key parties are a thing of the past, or at least he'd always believed. A thing of the seventies apparently come back to life. Gazing at the beautiful girl in front of him, he now understands why. A girl like her probably becomes bored with the same man, her body yearning for something different, something new and exotic. The thought deflates him somewhat, both mentally and physically. What am I doing here? I don't sleep with random women at sex parties. This isn't the type of guy I am. Edward jerks his thumb in the direction of his Volvo. "I should go. This isn't me. Tell Em I'm sorry." "Hey, wait a second." The woman grabs his hand and pulls him inside, sipping her drink. Once he's standing in the foyer, she kicks the door closed, a gleam in her eyes. "Em's usually the only guy that'll play with us and he's bailed on us tonight. Said he had other plans that he forgot about." Edward opens his mouth to ask why he's not at his own house, but the brunette hollers to the women loitering around the living room. "Hey, girls, look what I've got! Fresh meat!" The women stalk forward, each one like a hungry bird of prey: long talons for nails, colorfully painted faces, bulging chests barely contained in the revealing tops they wear. The brunette walks away, turning a corner and leaving him behind. Edward shrinks away, his back slamming into the door as the horde of women introduce themselves. "Jessica Stanley," a petite blonde says, offering her hand. Edward shakes it, in turn shaking her entire frame. Her tits are bigger than her head, and bounce with each pump of her palm. Licking her lips, she leans forward, whispering in his ear, "Can't wait to play with you tonight." "Shove over, sister," another blonde mutters, pushing Jessica aside and offering her hand. "Lauren Mallory, attorney at law." "Attorney at law?" Jessica says with a snort, sipping her coconut-flavored cocktail. "Really? That's how you introduce yourself?" Lauren smiles sweetly at Jessica. "You know how you should introduce yourself?" She bats her eyes. "Jessica Stanley Newton , ex-wife of Senator Mike Newton and newly-appointed, official slut of Mockingbird Lane." "Cool it, ladies." The brunette returns with a fishbowl filled with keys belonging to the wives and ex-wives of some of the most elite men in Washington state. "Here. Drop your keys inside." Edward obliges, tossing his clicker into the bowl. "This is how it really works, huh? We throw our keys in and everyone reaches for a set? Whosever keys you pick up is your partner for the night?" "Partner for the night?" The brunette shakes her head. "Nah, you'll be with three other girls. After the game's over, I use these keys to give out door prizes." Three other girls? Em said nothing about this being an orgy. And what kind of games do people play at key parties to win a door prize? What kind of sick prizes do these women give out at these things? Giant plastic dongs? Whips and chains? And why am I the only guy here? I've never see so many lesbians in one place, other than a Lowe's on a Saturday night. The brunette laughs, her hand pressed against her chest. "You're kind of uptight, huh? Don't look so nervous. I'm Bella, by the way. And you are?" "Edward." Sweat beads across his forehead and he wipes it away. "One last question. Do you, uh, play safe? You know, use protection? Because I've never done this before, and to be frank, I'm nervous as hell. It's been awhile since I've played with a woman, and never more than one at one time." "Protection?" Bella lowers her voice, wrinkles her nose and shrugs. "There's no protecting yourself from these ladies. You've only played Bunco with one other person? Not sure how that works, and sounds hella boring. Tonight should be a blast for you. Okay, we're about to get started." Bella's voice rises above the low murmur of women. "If you're gonna use the bathroom, you better do it now. Otherwise, let the games begin!" She raises her fist to the air in a flourish and the crowd cheers. Edward's knees grow weak as the crowd envelops him, the women tugging at him from each direction. "He's sitting at our table!" "No, he's sitting at ours!" Panicked, he attempts to duck away from the throng of flailing, yoga-toned arms, but someone shoves him into a plastic chair. Blinking, he glances around what appears to be a parlor for the first time. Four game tables are set up in the room, grumbling women depositing themselves at each one, casting longing looks to where Edward sits. Only one woman remains standing, and that's Bella. "Are you … Are you joining us?" Edward asks, giving her a pleading look. Out of all the women, she's the only one who hasn't "accidentally" touched his ass in the past ten seconds, an action he hasn't overlooked. "We can take turns," Bella replies with a sweet smile. "I didn't anticipate a newcomer, so there's really no room for me. That's okay though. I'll be on refreshment duty. The punchbowl needs refilling." Bella excuses herself from the room, abandoning him yet again. Edward gazes around, looking everywhere but the table in front of him. Pictures adorn the walls. Paintings with her signature tucked in the corner of each one. Some are of beautiful flowers, some of the nearby ocean. Photographs sit in every nook and cranny. Some of her with an older gentleman who resembles her in a haunting sort of way. Some with an older woman with her same coloring. None of them with a man or woman who'd pass as a significant other. "Ready to play?" Jessica Stanley asks, leering at him. She produces some dice, apparently from between her tits, rolling them in her hands. Edward panics, unsure what sort of roll the dice would play in their sex games. And why is he sitting at a table anyway? Will they strip him? Throw him across the cheap plastic and do what? He stares at the dice, memories of his brother, Jasper, an ER doctor, telling him about the unusual things he's found shoved up people's asses on x-rays. Bottles, light bulbs, hamsters … Dice ? Edward stands so quickly he almost turns the table over on top of the busty blonde. She yelps, her fruity drink depositing itself in her lap. For a split second she's furious, but the frustration washes away with a tight lipped smile. "Excuse me for a moment, ladies. Edward." Stomping away, she disappears down a hallway, presumably to a bathroom. Edward clears his throat. "Um, will you ladies excuse me while I grab a drink?" The drink is an excuse of course, a pitiful one while he searches for the fishbowl, needing his keys to get the hell out of the Sex House of Horrors before his anal cavity waves a white flag of surrender. He finds the glass bowl in the kitchen next to the brunette who's shoving a cookie in her mouth, her cheeks burning as she's caught inhaling the treat. "Listen, you've been a great host and all, but it's getting late and I've gotta be at work early tomorrow." Bella chews the remainder of the cookie in her mouth, swallowing and glancing at the digital clock on the stove. "It's seven o'clock," she says, her voice flat. "On a Friday." Pursing her lips, she taps one finger on the side of her mouth and steps forward. Edward backs up against the counter as she rests one hand on each side of him, appraising his face. "This is because of the four player thing, isn't it? You're intimidated? Tell you what, how about you and I go to the back room and play alone? Would that make you feel better? I'll even give you a door prize if you promise not to tell the other girls." Edward nods, believing he's found Heaven. Her breath smells like chocolate and sugar and a mixed drink, and her eyes are slightly glazed from the booze. She taps his chest with one finger and motions him to follow her. Once they reach the back room, she slaps the wall in search for the light switch, but he doesn't give her time to find it before pushing her against the wall, his mouth on hers. Startled, Bella doesn't respond at first, but the slow tease of Edward's tongue against her lips brings a deep-rooted moan resounding from her mouth. She returns his kiss, her hands traveling up the lean muscles of his back and down again until she's grabbing his ass, forcing him forward. Her legs part and he leans into her, cursing into her mouth with each flex of his hips. When they break apart for air, reality slams into her, hard. "Wait, wait, wait," she says, giggling as his lips travel the length of her throat. "Oh, my God, I don't even know you." "That's kind of the point of