With Friends Like That... That should have hurt . The thought registered faintly somewhere in my mind. I was on the ground after falling hard on my hip and all I felt was numb. My body registered the impact and yet somehow… no pain. Something was seriously wrong - I was pretty sure that wood floor plus hip should equal ouch. Alarm bells started going off in my brain through my drunken haze and I knew I had to get out of there. Nothing good could come of me being at a party in such bad shape. And nothing good could come of the guy who had been dancing ever so closer to me before I fell. The guy... Mike? Mark? Ugh. I'll just call him blond desperate guy. BDG. BDG helped me up and had an opportunistic gleam in his eye when he asked if I was ok. He so thought he was getting lucky with the drunken freshman. "Not gonna happen, BDG. Not sober, not drunk, nope." He looked confused as I waved him off and stumbled over to my roommate and her friends who were doubled over with laughter. "Alice, I need to go home," I slurred. "Oh Bella, don't be so boring. We came here to have fun! Go back and dance with Mike – you looked great out there!" His name did start with an 'm' – score one for the drunk girl. When I went to fist pump, I was thrown off balance and stumbled to the side, snapping my brain back into focus for a moment. Right. Really drunk. Must leave. "No, really. I need to leave. I can't stay, Alice. You said we could go if I wanted to go. And I am telling you I need to go." She huffed in annoyance. "Yeah, that's when I thought you might actually give this a chance. You're ready to pack it in maybe an hour after we got here. Nope. You want to leave? Leave. I'm having fun and I'm not going to let your boring Bella bullshit stop me." I gaped at her for a second and couldn't believe what I was hearing. I still didn't understand how I had gone from someone she liked hanging out with to 'Boring Bella'. I had friends. I went out. Hell, I started crashing the weekly poker game Seth's fraternity brothers held. I just didn't get all dressed up and shitfaced drunk every weekend. Apparently that was now the only way to be fun. I knew things had changed between us, but the fact that she was going to make me fend for myself in this condition hurt. It hurt a lot. I blinked back some tears because I refused to be the drunk crying girl and put all of my energy into not slurring my words. I wanted her to get this message loud and clear. "Alice? You've turned into a really shitty friend, you know that? I'm done." I saw a flash of remorse in her eyes as I turned and staggered away from her, stopping to sit on the stairs so I could undo the straps of the uncomfortable shoes she told me to wear. "Those pumps are sooo perfect, Bella. You want to look good, Bella. Maybe you can finally get a guy, Bella. God, why do you have to be so boring, Bella?" I muttered under my breath, repeating all of the bullshit she had spewed at me recently. I didn't understand what had happened between us, but that was a question for a different day. Right now, I had to get myself out of there. Thinking and hurting could come later; protecting myself had to happen first. People made a path for me as I headed for the front door – no one wanted anything to do with the drunk, swaying girl talking to herself. I stepped out the front door and into the brisk, fall air. It cleared my mind just enough so that I could focus on figuring out a way back to the dorm or finding somewhere else safe to go. I was standing just off fraternity row, and I knew if I could get down the street, I would be safe at Seth's house. Seth and I grew up together and we were more like siblings than friends. We had seen each other through some awful shit growing up and I knew, beyond a shadow of a doubt, I could always count on him. Seth's fraternity brothers from poker night had pretty much adopted me as their little sister. I knew even if he wasn't there, they would take care of me and make sure I wasn't harmed. Yes, it would be embarrassing, but I was past the point of giving a shit. All I cared about was getting to someone I could trust. Ever so slowly, I made my way down the street, stopping to sit on some of the low walls in front of the houses when I needed a break. I was barefoot, my brain was swimming, and the house felt like it was a mile away. Somewhere in my mind, I knew I only had half a block to go, but it was so hard when all I wanted to do was lie down and sleep. "Just keep swimming," I muttered to myself as I set off again and got looks from a group of students that passed by me. "What? Haven't you heard of Finding Nemo? It's a fucking classic, assholes." Ah fuck. I was still slurring. And apparently I was turning into a cranky, shouty drunk. Awesome. Seth was going to love this. I trudged forward and was starting to get really scared. I was having a really hard time navigating the sidewalk - my vision kept shifting and with it, my balance. I held on to things as I walked, but there were gaps between fences and walls that were becoming increasingly harder to walk between. This was not a normal, one large cup of vodka punch buzz. I had no idea what happened back at that party, but I had never been drunk like this before. Finally, I made it to Seth's, stumbled up the front walk, and threw open the door. No one was in the living room and it was so quiet, I wondered if anyone was even in the house. Maybe I shouldn't have assumed a bunch of fraternity guys would just be hanging around their house on a Saturday night. I held out hope that maybe, just maybe, they were upstairs. "Seth? Seth? Seth!" I yelled as I stumbled up the steps and into the front room they used for chapter meetings. Empty. My head was spinning and I started to panic about what to do next. The only thing I knew was that being alone when I was this out of it was not a good thing. I heard a noise behind me and turned around quickly… too quickly. I could feel myself start to fall when strong arms shot out and caught me before I could hit the ground. I looked up and saw two… no four… no two bright green eyes gazing at me with concern. "You're not Seth." The eyes crinkled and a small chuckle came out of the guy in front of me. "No, I'm not Seth." "I'm drunk. And I need Seth. I mean, not like need Seth. He has Jess for that. I just need Seth. Fuck. Did I say I was drunk? Because I'm drunk. And I fell and couldn't feel it and that scared me so I left. I had one fucking drink and suddenly I'm on the floor. What the hell is that about? I don't think Alice gave me vodka. I can handle my vodka. This I cannot handle though. Nope. Not handling things at all right now. I don't like this, green-eyed guy. I really don't like this whole spinny thing. I like your eyes though, even when there are four of them. Wait, two. Nope, four." As I babbled on and on, I could see his expression morph from amusement to straight out worry. "OK, sweetheart? What's your name?" "Bella. But Alice calls me Boring Bella. I don't think I'm boring, but maybe I am. She didn't used to think I was boring. Am I boring? Please don't say I'm boring." "Ah, so you're the Bella I've heard so much about. From the stories I've heard from Seth and the guys, you are anything but boring, that I can guarantee you. I'm going to get you some water, OK? Go sit on the couch and wait here for me. I'll be back in two seconds." He left the room suddenly and I swayed on my feet. Maybe standing wasn't the best choice. Couch. He said to sit on the couch. I took a wobbly step and knew that if I kept going, it was not going to end well. You know what? I bet the couch was totally overrated. The floor would do just fine. I shakily let myself down onto the floor and sat there for a second. I was just so tired. Maybe I could lie down for a minute? Just for a moment. I just needed a moment... "Bella? Bella, you have to wake up." My eyes blinked open and I sat up fast, startled at the panicked voice that woke me. "What?" I suddenly realized that sitting up fast had been a very, very bad idea. I could feel my stomach flip as my brain and vision tried to catch up with the sudden movement. "Oh fuck… I need…" The look of panic on green-eyed guy's face would have made me laugh if I wasn't concentrating so hard on not puking on his shoes. Suddenly I was swooped up and he was running down the hall with me in his arms. I closed my eyes and prayed to the gods of drunk college kids everywhere that I would make it to the bathroom. I could not handle puking on Seth's super hot fraternity brother. I whimpered. "I don't wanna puke on your shirt, Seth's hot brother. I really don't wanna." He chuckled. "I don't want that either, sweetheart, but if it happens, it happens. Hold it together for two more seconds and neither of us will have to worry about it." We made it to the bathroom with seconds to spare and I expected green-eyed guy to leave and just let me do my thing. No one wants to watch anyone get sick, let alone watch some random drunk girl getting sick. But much to my surprise, I felt him gently gather my hair and hold it while rubbing soft circles on my back. That small act of kindness broke me and I started to tear up. This guy who didn't even know me was taking care of me, but my own roommate - someone I thought of as a friend - couldn't even be bothered. I didn't get it. I didn't understand what happened to the roommate I met at the beginning of the year. She was fun and teasing, accepting that I would go to parties some weekends, but other times would go more low key - hanging out with friends I had in the dorms, coming over to Seth's, or even just relaxing with a book. That all changed once she met her new friends. The teasing had turned sharp edged – words were chosen that would pierce my skin. Comments made that I couldn't shrug off. Suddenly I was "Boring Bella." Tonight, I had just wanted to salvage some of our friendship so I had tried to fit in with this new version of Alice. Through my fog, it dawned on me that she was the one who handed me the drink. She was the one who reassured me that it was vodka. My heart broke as I heaved again. I felt