BPOV "Stupid. Fucking. IDIOT!" It may have been the first time I said it out loud that night, but I had been thinking it over and over and over. How could I have been so stupid? Why had I ignored the niggling sensation that things weren't quite right with Jake? I had been blind, and it was coming back to bite me in the ass two weeks before Christmas. I was vaguely aware that I was more upset about my Christmas plans being fucked up than about the implosion of my 'maybe getting more serious' relationship. Somewhere in the back of my mind, I knew that spoke volumes, but I was still too angry to care that it meant Jake was probably right, even if his timing was astoundingly bad. "Aggggggh!" I yelled and flung my hairbrush at my bed, which wasn't nearly as satisfying as throwing it at Jake's head (or even the wall), but neither committing assault nor repairing drywall was in my plans. And apparently a trip to the Berkshires for the holidays was no longer in my plans either. Hoping to salvage something, I pulled up Expedia to see if I could find an affordable ticket to fly to my dad in Washington. The cheapest fare was $1,100 so that was out of the question. Next, I called my mom. Christmas in Florida wasn't really my thing, but it beat spending it alone in New York City. Before I could even mention traveling down to see her, Mom was babbling on and on about the singles cruise she had booked for over the holidays. After half-heartedly listening to how excited she was, I finally got off of the phone and sat there, phone in hand, staring into space trying to figure out what I was going to do. I was honestly having a hard time moving beyond this is so fucked up to actually thinking of a solution. When I was finally able to move my thoughts away from the basic anger, frustration, and disappointment, I realized I did have an option. They may not have been family by blood, but the Cullen girls were what I considered my East Coast family; Alice and Rose were my sisters from another mister. We'd been roommates in college and continued to be very close even after they each moved in with their boyfriends and I moved into my tiny studio apartment. I knew I'd be welcome at their parents' place but still cringed at the thought of inviting myself - it just seemed rude. Although the number of times I'd held Alice or Rose's hair after a night out did seem to minimize just how rude it felt. Granted, they had done the same for me, but technically I'd be imposing on Esme and Carlisle, and there was definitely no history of hair holding there. I realized I had a choice - either end up feeling slightly rude or totally depressed. Decision made, I picked up the phone again and called Alice. "BELLAAAAAAAAAA!" Alice screeched through the phone. "I was just talking about you! HEY EDWARD! IT'S BELLAAAAAAAAA!" Oh for the love of all that's holy. Alice was shitfaced - my name always took on new lengths (and volume) when Alice had been drinking. "Alice? Where are you and how much did you drink?" "I'm up in Boston with Edward! He's moving home! It's a Christmas fucking miracle, Bellaaaaaaa!" I started laughing. There really was nothing quite like a drunk Alice to cheer me up. "What's so funny? Ooooh Bellaaaaaaaaa, now you have to dump Jake. You're gonna finally meet my awesome brother and have awesome babies and we'll be awesome sisters. Ooooooh… I should buy some mistletoe!" "Um… about Jake… and what the hell? Babies? Jasper needs to cut you off right the fuck now. And don't you dare buy one sprig of mistletoe. Do you hear me, Alice?" "Ugh, fine. No mistletoe. You're no fun, Bellaaaaaa." I could hear Alice start moving around through the phone. "Oooooooh wait, I'm gonna go in the other room. You have to wait. Hold on." I could hear her stumble a couple of times, but she finally got to where she was headed and the background noise ceased as she closed the door. "So what's up, chickie?" she asked, suddenly serious. "He dumped me. The jackass dumped me! And I can't go home because the plane ticket is ridiculous and Renee is going on a cruise to meet the next flavor of the month and I'm going to end up being like that song by The Waitresses except without the hot guy. It'll be me, trying to find cranberry sauce on Christmas Eve at Food Emporium, without the promise of a happy ending!" I thought I was rational when I called her, but apparently some panic had been under the surface because suddenly there it was, spewed out rapid fire. Tears pricked at my eyes. "He WHAT? Are you serious?! I told you that you were too good for that ass-faced jerkoff. As for the rest, my Bellaaaaaaaa…" I heard her get up and slam open the door. "HEY GUYS! Guess who's coming home for Christmas with us? Bet you can't guess!" I heard a voice in the background. "Well, let me see. You're on the phone with Bella, so I'm guessing Bellaaaaaaaaaaa!" The voice rose in pitch at the end until it was a near perfect imitation of Drunk Alice. "Why'd you have to spoil it for everyone, Edward?" Alice yelled, actually miffed that he guessed. "You mean spoil you saying Bellaaaaaaaaaaa again, right? Because I'm pretty sure everyone else figured it out," the voice teased. "Ugh. Fine! Be happy you don't have brothers, Bellaaaaaaaaa. Boys are assholes. Yes, even you, Jasper. I love you, but you're an asshole too. And Emmett, it goes without saying, so shut your face. Jizzface Jake is the biggest, ball-less bastard asshole of all though, Bellaaaaaaaa." My giggles had evolved into full on doubled over laughter when she got to 'ball-less bastard asshole'. I could hear Rose cackling in the background as I wiped the tears from my eyes. I loved my girls. They may have taken awhile to get used to – I thought Alice was the most obnoxious person in the world at first and that Rose was a first class bitch – but now I wouldn't trade them for anything. We had next to nothing in common and yet somehow our friendship worked. Sure, there was an occasional wrinkle here or there. They didn't get when I wanted to stay in or that I would actually want to spend hours curled up with a book rather than out at a movie. I didn't really understand wanting to go to a club every night either, so I guess that made us even, but it was in moments like this that our friendship really shone. Alice instinctively understood what I needed without me even asking, and it had been that way for as long as I could remember. It was never a question in her mind where I was going to spend Christmas. I knew that if I needed Rose and Alice with me, they would hop the train back to the city and show up at my apartment with ice cream and vodka. And even if I wished I had someone who truly got me sometimes, I knew I had the most loyal, loving friends in the world. Alice and I said our goodbyes, and she passed the phone to Rose so I could reassure her that I was okay, just pissed off. I hung up the phone and had a smile on my face for the first time since getting that stupid message from Jake. Yes, a message. He really was a ball-less bastard. Two weeks later, I found myself on the train with two Cullens and their boyfriends, heading out to their parents' house. Edward, the elusive brother I had never met, was already out at the Cullen's and would pick us up from the train station. The amount of bags I had was ridiculous. All of my shopping had been done last minute since I suddenly had to buy more gifts (that rude thing again). Everyone else had their stuff directly shipped to the Cullen's house, so I was the only one who was completely overloaded. Luckily my parents' gifts were small enough to tuck into my purse otherwise the situation would have been completely out of control. The rest of them each had one bag while I was dealing with my own plus three shopping bags. What can I say? One week post breakup was spent wallowing in anger (and ice cream) and the other was the usual breakneck rush to get things done at work before the end of the year. I was frazzled, I was stressed, and I was really looking forward to just sitting down and taking a breath during the holidays. Honestly, at that point, I was rethinking the panic from two weeks ago of where I was going to spend Christmas. Sitting at home on the couch, curled up with a book and some peace and quiet was sounding mighty good. Especially with how obnoxious my friends were being. They somehow missed the memo that they weren't the only people on the train. I sent an apologetic grimace to some of the people shooting annoyed glares at us and popped in my ear buds. It was the only way for me to deal, short of completely losing it on all of them. We finally pulled into the station, and I started wrangling all of my crap. My friends were preoccupied, laughing and chattering away, and I was left to my own devices. A lovely, kind gentleman getting off at the same stop took pity on me and carried two of my shopping bags off of the train. He handed them back to me, and I saw Alice dart over to someone I assumed was Edward as Jasper, Rose, and Emmett followed along behind her. I sighed, huffed out a breath of air to blow some of my hair out of my face, and gathered all of my stuff. I caught a glimpse of Alice in conversation with her brother but didn't get a good look at him until she turned slightly and gestured my way. Holy hell. I knew he was decent looking from the photos I had seen, but apparently his time in Boston had been very good to him. My best friends' brother was gorgeous, and I was a disheveled mess. I probably looked like a deranged bag lady as I tried to keep ahold of everything in my hands. He strode towards me, tossing out, "What the hell is wrong with you assholes?" as he passed Jasper and Emmett. "Would it have killed you to grab a bag? Hi Bella, I'm Edward. So what can I take?" "Oh you don't have to. I've got-" I started to protest, but of course one of the bags chose that moment to start ripping at the handle. The situation had become precarious at best. He scooped the bag up so that it was cradled in his arm, making the handle a nonissue. "So what were you saying? What have you got?" he teased with a smile. "Ebola? The plague? A kangaroo?" I looked at him in mock seriousness. "Here." I held out one of the other bags. "It's the one with the Ebola, so be careful." He laughed and reached out to grab it from me. Our hands touched and I definitely felt a little something that managed to reach down to my toes. He stroked one finger over mine, and I felt butterflies in my stomach. Christmas was starting to look a whole lot more promising. We picked up pizzas on the way back to the house – apparently this was the traditional Cullen Christmas Eve feast that would be supplemented