In Her Hands Summary: Gandalf only told a short version of his death and return. Couldn't help doing a longer one. His eyes snapped open, and he drew a sudden, ragged gasp into lungs he wasn't sure he could even feel. Power swirled around him, power and white snow. He inhaled again, struggling to breathe. His mind felt, blank, as cold as the snow beneath him. Where...am I? A fragment of broken memory. 'You will return, Olorin. The task you were set is not yet done. Return to Middle Earth...' Another ragged breath. Middle Earth. He had been sent back. Memory trickled back, and he closed his eyes against the onslaught. Companions on the road. Companions in Moria, in the dark. Battle through the tunnels. Darkness incarnate, in the form of the Balrog. His body shuddered under the mere thought, wrenching a groan of new and remembered pain from him. Pain and anguish. Frodo. Aragorn. Sam. Pippin. Merry. Boromir. Gimli. Legolas. Did you live? He shivered again. He both froze and burned. Burned, in the swirling power as his body was remade, re-knit from the ruin of his old form. Healed and granted new strength. Froze, lying in the snow. Snow on his bare skin, his naked body, both blessing and agony at once. A name echoed in his mind. Galadriel... Galadriel, seer and lady of Lothlorien. Old friend... He lay upon the mountaintop. Slowly, his senses returned. Sharper than before, more powerful. He was still far too weak to move, even if he could have borne it. He shivered against the snow, grateful for it's numbing quality and yet frightened by how little he could feel of himself. Instead of his body, his mortal form, his senses stretched over Middle-Earth, and he fell into a vast lake of awareness. Bright spots, which he knew instinctively. Imladris. Lothlorien. Flickering lights, dimmer but still there. Rohan. The White City. Mirkwood. The Lonely Mountain. The Shire. That last gave him warmth, though he felt too raw to truly comprehend why. Points of darkness, which burned him in a torment not unlike the Balrog's fire. Mordor. Orthanc. The Mines of Moria... He shuddered under the onslaught, unable to break away as awareness poured over him. Pain and warmth, light and dark, mortal and immortal feelings washed over him. The stars and sun slipped past his eyes, and he heard distant star-song, the whispers of the earth through the mountain. The whispers of air and water in the snow. The movements of men and elves and others through the subtle rumblings and vibrations of the world. He felt the advancing tendrils of the darkness, the small glimmerings of the light. His mind held onto it, striving to find the patterns, to understand why he had been returned. The task that must be done. He knew he understood it, or had, standing on the Far Shore. Perhaps even before he had fallen. But the wrenching of life to death and return was agony and confusion, even for one such as he. Olorin. He had another name, he knew, and he sought it in his mind, struggling to grasp it and hold it, to anchor himself. Sun-fire burned across him, even though he felt no true warmth. Starlight and moonlight cloaked him, shining gently upon his nakedness, soothing the wracked strain of his mind, though the darkness made him shudder anew. Vague memories of falling, of passing through nightmares assaulted him, making him moan in an agony of spirit that had nothing to do with his still healing body. Time passed, but he had no reckoning of it. He had lost that, in the fall, in the battle, in the journey and the return. He had not the strength to count the days, nor even the will, his mind still trying to put itself to rights. Galadriel...old friend... Shadow darkened his vision, a shadow not of clouds or of night. Seconds later, a familiar presence touched the snow beside him. 'Mithrandir...' He knew the voice, and his mind responded. 'Gwaihir...' There was no more that needed to be said. Great talons flexed, then folded gently around him, lifting him from the snow. He shivered at the touch, shuddered under the assault of contact with another living being. Then vast wings swept upward and the eagle launched himself from the snow, holding him. A second set of claws surrounded his lower body, gentle talons on exposed flesh, and cold wind as Gwaihir beat his wings to gain altitude. But the air was hardly colder than the snow upon which he had lain. Released from the Earth, the terrible pounding flow of awareness lessened. Gwaihir's warmth slowly eased the numbness that encased him. He found another thought, another memory. 'I am ever fated to be your burden, friend in need.' A gentle laugh in his mind, but touched with concerned seriousness. 'Burden you have been, but not now. You are light as a swan's feather in my claws. The sun shines through you. Almost I would believe that if I dropped you, you would simply float upon the wind.' Terror seized him, the memory of another fall into darkness. The feel of Gwaihir's claws suddenly anchored him, in a way even his name had not done. He felt his heart pounding, blood flowing. Cold, and heat, and the pain of returning, but life and self still. He gasped. 'No, I beg you. Do not let me fall. Bear me...bear me to Lothlorien.' Imladris was too far, but Lothlorien was a place of healing as well. And Galadriel...seer and friend. 'I shall. It was on the orders of the Lady Galadriel that I sought you. And her request also, that I bear you thence.' There was a promise of safety in that stern voice, the voice of the mountain lord, and his heart stopped pounding. He sent a feeling of gratitude, and felt warm regard in turn. 'Rest safe, old friend, until we arrive. I shall take you as quickly as I can fly.' He relaxed in the eagle's talons. His body was limp, still frozen, though he could feel now. His face was upturned to the sky. He had neither strength nor will to turn it toward the ground. He was grateful for the lessening awareness of the earth, the returning awareness of life and self. Memory washed over him. Mithrandir. Gray Pilgrim. There was another name, another name he had been called, by those he held in his heart, but he could not grasp it. 'We are coming to the halls of Lothlorien, my friend. Do not fear, when I descend.' The words broke the trance upon him. He looked down. Green woods spread below him, the mallorn trees of the Wood. The great tree, where the halls of Lothlorien, the home of it's lord and lady, had been formed, stood at the center. The heart of the realm. A gentle smile touched his face. Safety. Peace. Healing. Gwaihir's flight changed, as he felt the eagle homing on on a particular section of the tree. His eyes made out an isolated bier, and two small figures. As if his gaze had been a signal, a gentle, feminine voice touched his mind. ' Mithrandir. You have returned.' 'I have.' It was all the answer he had strength for. Gwaihir swooped in low, slowing himself gently. He gasped as the talons released him, but barely had to time to fall before strong arms caught him, cradled him. Celeborn, master of Lothlorien, held him carefully, then turned and walked to the bed in the center of the bier, and lowered him into it. He gasped again, at the feel of silken sheets against his flesh. Galadriel stepped forward, and gently, tenderly, drew another sheet over him, covering him. Another, thicker cover was pulled over that, encasing him in warmth, without trapping him. He relaxed into the feeling. 'You are safe now, my friend.' Gwaihir's voice once more. 'I must return to my eyrie. But know, you may call upon me whenever you have need. I will keep watch over you, my friend.' Then the eagle wheeled and was gone. Gentle hands touched him, tilted his shoulders up to pour soothing liquid down his throat. "Rest, Mithrandir.' He had to know. "The Company..." His voice was so weak, but it was his voice, at long last, and it provided another tie, another connection to the world. "They passed through Lothlorien quite recently." Celeborn's voice was low and calm, reassuring. "We tended their wounds, gave counsel as we could, and saw them as well-provisioned as we could manage." "Are they..." He did not know what questions he wished to ask. Galadriel spoke in her low, haunting tones. "They were yet whole, when they departed." There were undercurrents there, dark ones, but he could not hold them in his mind. "Frodo..." His heart ached for the young hobbit and his friends, thrust into this nightmare, and now without even his aid. "He struggles with the Ring, but yet withstands it. Enough even to offer it up to another." Grim amusement in the lady's tone. "However...his companion's hearts are true, and strong. There is yet hope, for you and your desires, Mithrandir." She touched his face, a quieting, gentle gesture. "The gardener tends his master well, and while he stands, hope is not yet lost." "Samwise." he would have laughed, if he could. But he was exhausted, and power yet burned through him. "He is quite inquisitive. We gave him a box of soil and seeds...for which I deem he will be a truer guardian than we could have ever asked for." Celeborn's voice was also amused, but calming. "Rest." Galadriel's hand brushed his jaw, then down to his covered hands. "Time is short, but there is time enough for healing. Rest, Mithrandir, and speak when your heart is lighter and refreshed." He felt a wave of relief that she had read his condition aright. A small nod, and he relaxed into the pillows. He felt them step away, and the light was dimmed, though it did not go altogether. He was grateful for that, as he relaxed into the first true sleep he could remember having since his return. He slept, dreamed. Remembered. Remembered again the last moments of his previous life. He remembered falling, falling in the dark with the Balrog's flame around him. The fire of Middle Earth could not harm him, but the Balrog was different. And he burned, fire licking across him, bringing pain. The long, terrible fall. Loosing his staff, because he could not lose his sword. Then the lake. The impact. It should have been fatal. Would have been, save that the Balrog hit first. Icy shock. Pain and impact, even with what protection he could muster. A wild, thrashing battle, his opponent now icy cold and strangling. Wings and whip and coiling arms and fanged mouth, fighting in the dark. The only light the feeble eldritch flame he could conjure, and dared not use too freely. Slashing out, fighting on instinct with an opponent he could only half see. The sound of heavy, shuffling, running feet, running in the dark. Following. No choice, and in the Balrog's flight he too sensed the watchers in the dark. Nameless things. Old things. Terrible. He ran with his opponent, not for blood, but for escape. Running, desperation. He could not lose his opponent. Stumbling, scrabbling. Attacks, just to delay long enough to catch up. Then climbing, climbing. Deep driven tunnels, wild underground crags. Then the stair, the endless stair. And endless it had seemed as he raced up it. Weariness. Awareness of wounds, though he could not tend them. There was nothing to be done. The top of the mountain. Driving snow. New fire from the Balrog. Desperate battle on the peaks. Reaching for power that he had no strength to use. The sword shone bright in his hand, strong still, but he was failing. Summoning his own fire,