"Struckby Lightning" A birthday story for Nickeyb. Edited by Milo Merry was on his way back to Brandy Hall when the first heavy drops of rain started to fall. The day had been clear and bright when he had started off on his rounds of Buckland but steadily the wind had picked up and the sky had become threatening with low dark clouds rolling in. He had stopped off at a farm for his lunch, talking to tenants and viewing the progress of the crops. It was so early in the year that rainfall would not damage anything and so Merry was worried for nothing more than getting soaked himself. By midday the threat of rain or even a storm was so clearly imminent that Merry made up his mind to turn back for home. There was no point in him or his pony getting wet and, in addition, the armour he had habitually worn he did not want getting wet. Wet chain mail had a tendency to leave rusty deposits on the skin and clothing and while skin just required a nice long soak, the clothing took a lot of soaking to get clean. He wanted to get his mail into a bucket of sand well before that might happen. He took a short cut through some woodland and when he arrived out the other side the sky was quite dark as though evening were arriving early. A large black cloud had obscured most of the sky and now Merry only hoped he could get home before the storm started. He regretted more than ever he had not bought his Rohan steed out with him but had chosen instead to take out the new mare – Rowanberry. Stybba, battle-trained, would not have balked at thunder and lightning, but Merry was still testing the mettle of his new mount and was so far finding her sadly lacking. That was slightly unfair, he amended - she was a perfectly sound mount, for a Shire mount of which nothing more was required than a comfortable ride over soft country and the occasional canter up a lane. Feeling guilty for his uncharitable thoughts, Merry reached out and patted the neck in front of him, picking a few pink blossoms from the sandy mane. This wind would be the downfall of the last of the blossom still clinging to the trees in the orchard. It was a shame; it looked so beautiful, and reminded him of the White Tree of Gondor. But the blossom had to fall for the fruit to form, and fond as he was of the blossom he was even fonder of the apples thus produced. As was the wont with summer storms the first shock of lightning caught both pony and rider by surprise. Merry jumped slightly himself and Rowanberry snorted her disapproval of the sudden incandescent flash. The thunder seemed to follow almost straight away and the rain was pelting down before Merry even had time to draw breath. They were in for a soaking and no help for it. The next strike of lightning splitting the sky impressed Rowanberry even less and Merry hastily dismounted in order to hold her head and calm his skittish mount. He was thinking the mare would need a lot more work before she was a truly reliable beast. She shifted her hindquarters about, shifting her weight, nervous and uncomfortable for all Merry whispered and soothed her, stroking her rapidly rain slicked muzzle. Her dancing was carrying them back in the direction of the trees, where Merry certainly did not want to go, considering the lightning and his own armour-clad form. Another crack of thunder, like a mountain splitting open, decided the matter. Rowanberry flung up her head with a snort of fear and dragged Merry across the already mud-slicked ground and back under the trees. Like the work of dark wizardry, the lightning cracked right above them; with a squeal of fear Rowanberry tore her reins from Merry's wet gauntlets. Merry staggered back, stumbled over a fallen branch and fell against a tree trunk. Light tore across his vision and the world seemed to split open around him. Something struck him a great blow from behind and for a moment he was frozen, caught by the blast, the air torn from his lungs, and then he knew no more. Pippin was sitting in the kitchen when the stable man came to report Rowanberry had returned on her own, wet through, wild eyed and shaking. He had left the pony with one of the lads and come straight up to the Hall. Pippin was striding from the kitchen swinging his still damp cloak about his shoulders before the tale had been fully told. The storm hit him full blast as he opened the kitchen door, almost knocking him back for a moment. Saradoc was behind him and was nearly knocked from his feet altogether. "Which way will he have gone?" Pippin asked. Saradoc considered. "I'm guessing Merry would have turned back at lunch time when the storm looked fair to set in. He might have tried to beat the storm by cutting through he woods." "We should be able to follow her trail for awhile. The storm won't have washed it out yet. We'll probably find Merry trekking back and cursing." Pippin's grin was no more than a twitch of his lips. He was worried. More people were already gathering in the stables and saddling ponies. Pippin saddled his own mount and Saradoc summarily took the first of the others to be ready. Parties were formed and the hobbits rode out in to the storm. Like most early storms this one was short and sharp and by the time Pippin and Saradoc reached the stretch of woodland that cut across Brandybuck lands it had blown itself out. Pippin shook raindrops from his hair and cloak. "He could have cut through anywhere," he turned to Saradoc. "There's a path he would likely follow," Saradoc replied steering his pony to one side. "This storm will have done some damage," Pip opined. "There's bound to have been trees struck. Hold up!" he was jumping down from his horse to crouch in the ground. "There are prints here. A pony running, lightly burdened or rider less." The depressions were filled with water and the mud dissolving already. Pippin looked up, squinting through the wet hair still falling into his eyes. "Does your path come out over by that oak?" Saradoc nodded. "It's the tallest tree around and marks the entrance." "Looks like it's been struck too." Pippin remounted. "I hate to see trees stuck by lightning. It reminds me too much of …" His voice trailed off. "I see it," Saradoc kicked his pony forwards but Pippin was already ahead. Before them the great oak was showing a still smoking rending gap where a limb had been torn away. It looked like an awful battle wound. Splintered wood hung from the gash that had ripped away half the bark on one side. The wood beneath showed blackening where the lightning strike had scorched it. They arrived more or less together and Pippin was falling from his pony, slipping to his knees in the mud by the fallen body of his friend, cousin and comrade. This was all too familiar. "Merry! Merry!" Merry was lying face down in the mud, his face twisted to one side. His limps were sprawled out at odd angles. Pippin sniffed. There was the distinct smell of singed flesh. "To the Master! To the Master!" Voices were calling and more help was arriving. Saradoc went to his knees by his son's side. This would kill Esme. Water was soaking through the knees of his breeches. A large drop fell from the tree down the back of his neck. Merry was lying in the mud, drenched, face pale and lifeless. Pippin was pulling him into his arms, resting the limp head on his knee as he felt at the neck for the life beat. Half of Merry's hair was plastered down with mud, the other sticking up and singed. He could not do this. Eyes were bruised looking. There was blood at his nose and at one side of his mouth. The dripping of water from the leaves was unnaturally loud. "Merry!" Pip was still calling. "He's breathing." Pippin's voice seemed a long way away to Saradoc. The dripping was louder. There were others around them now. His tall, magnificent son, lying in the mud. They were lifting him now. Someone had a pallet. "Uncle?" Pippin's voice sounded plaintive by his side. Saradoc took a deep breath. The first one he could remember taking for an age. Pip's sharp-featured face came into focus, full of concern, brows creased together, mouth pursed up. "Pippin?" "We have to get him back," Pippin said. "Call for the healer. I think he's been struck by lightning." Saradoc could not afterwards say how they had got back to Brandy Hall. Someone had run ahead and there was a bustle of activity to greet them. Merry was taken from them and vanished into the corridors of Brandy Hall. Dr Burrows was already in attendance and enough hot water and towels were in evidence to have cleaned an army of hobbits. In the middle of this was Esme, directing. Her face was pale but her voice was calm and strong as she issued her final orders and followed the doctor. Pippin refused to leave Merry's side and, as he was now taller than any of them and no tweenager to be hustled aside, no one tried to argue with him, they just worked round him. Pippin put himself in charge of the fireplace in Merry's room, which he banked up and stood over with a poker in his hand as if to defend it against attack. He grasped the poker as though it were a sword as he watched them undress and bathe Merry. His cousin showed no signs of rousing. He just lay limp and let them deal with him. It reminded Pippin all too much of the time he had bought Merry back to the Houses of Healing. For a time the healers had despaired, he knew. The Black Breath was upon his cousin and he was growing colder and colder by the moment. Pippin had sat and held Merry's hand and felt him slipping further and further away into whatever realm the witch king had condemned him to. Just when he was about to despair totally, with the hand he held in his already as cold as the grave, Aragorn had appeared and sat on Merry's other side. The man was looking tired already. He sat in silence a while looking intently at the hobbit on the bed, then reaching forward and resting his hand across Merry's brow. As he sat his face had become even more grey and drawn, and at length, when he finally stood up, he seemed unsteady on his feet. Pip had hardly noticed. On the bed Merry had taken a deep breath and sighed and Pippin could already feel warmth returning to the hand in his. Not long after Merry had woken up and demanded food. Pippin longed for Merry to wake up now. In the Houses of Healing he had felt so isolated. A small hobbit amongst tall strangers. He missed his cousins reassuring voice so very much. Missed seeing the blue eyes full of intelligent humour and enthusiasm. Missed being the one to be looked after. Now he looked around the room at the bustling figures of Esme, the doctor and the maid. He felt isolated again. A tall stranger in the familiar room. Only Merry knew what he had been through, only Merry was like him now. He longed suddenly for Frodo, for wise, caring Frodo, but that could no longer be. They were putting a nightshirt on to Merry's supine body. Bandages had been put around his left shoulder