I shouldn't feel this way. I shouldn't look at them and feel this way. They are my siblings; they are my family, my brothers and sisters and friends. I shouldn't look upon the love they have found in each other with such… anger. I shouldn't envy them the subtle touches and deep looks or they're tight hugs and sweet kisses. I should be happy thy have found each other… I should be joyous to bare witness to their love… I should be content to sit in this plastic chair, in this square space filled with the insistent chatter-mental and audible-of all these human children accompanied by the sound of them munching and chewing their food. I should be content to sit with Emmett, Rosalie, Alice and Jasper in this pallid cafeteria and watch their love filter through our human disguise so easily… I should be content and grateful. Oh gosh… they are all so beautiful… Those girls have got to be the most gorgeous… Swim suit models… That boy with the gorgeous hair… yum! The same old mundane chatter I had to adhere to with each new high school… being the new kids was always entirely annoying each time. They would react instantly to our predatory attractiveness-females and males swooning and lusting with each sight and close encounter with us-but still remain at a subconscious distance. Their thoughts would get less aggressive with time and settle on a little noticing when we passed… for most… We were really hoping to stay longer here. Forks weather and small community were all to perfect for us. The perfect getaway from being a vampire for a few years… the perfect getaway from being completely alone in a house full of people. Why so glum? Alice asked, frowning a little-her ash nose scrunching up and thin purplish lips pulling down. I shook my head one-a slow turn to the left and then relaxed my posture again. It could have easily been mistaken by the others as a sigh but she knew what it meant. I didn't want to talk about it. I didn't have the words to voice it out to her with out sounding… jealous and depressed. Because maybe that was what I was but my pride would never let me anyway… my torturous pride that was probably the reason I was here… alone… holding the ever burning candle to light the love of my siblings… Xxxxxxxxxxxx The thought that I had to this over and over again forever was beginning to dawn on me with this new turn in the century. With this new species of human the nineties had spewed forth; a much more selfish, vindictive, shallow, obtuse, immoral version of the previous mortals. It fascinated me how they had become more skilful in wrapping their sin in coats of self righteous intention… as long as they had eradicated slavery and stopped killing the Jews-they were good. Anything else was collateral in this day and age… He must be shy a soft thought filtered through the sound of the admiring sex laced fantasies of the rest of my English classmates. I started a little, slightly surprised to view my face from the anonymous girl's thoughts. I wasn't some runway model sent back to school by the Armani fashion house to test a theory on brains and beauty (I had chuckled when I had heard this particular thought in biology-very original)… I was a pale boy, gazing out at the dark sky and frowning sadly as though he missed his old home. The girl felt pity for me. I turned around slowly ad raked the left side of the class for her, waiting for the moment when I saw my eyes locking with hers from her mind and uncovered her identity. I saw her-a pale small girl with dark hair and horn rimmed glasses peering up at me from her text book. Her eyes went large when they connected with mine and she dropped them abruptly back to the book-her thoughts momentarily a frenzied disorder of images and incoherent thoughts before she began compulsively re-reading the page on from her students guide to Hamlet. I had scared her. Direct contact with humans always did that. We were beautiful angels from afar but when we came to close and reached out-their latent instincts kicked up a fuss and like the little girl sitting quietly at the back of the class-their hearts would hammer that intricate pattern that excited out instincts and any option for us to remain angels vanished. We instantly became the demon… we instantly snatched their frail bodies and crushed them before trying to feel for that pulse in our own bodies, drinking that life force and imagining their slowing heart beats were really our own. The slow beating would momentarily replace the sound of our silent dead hearts and in that moment we would be alive… as they died. For most vampires anyway-almost all of the population in fact-except for us select that had retained some measure of conscious in our living death. The ones who had been touched by a too compassionate man and trained the mindless vampire monster to remain at bay…so we could manage the humans beating hearts and magnetic scents-so we could sit in classrooms and repeat English Literature for the billionth time… "Morning Class" the teacher huffed, entering the class room in a jumbled motion-suitcase dropping to the floor as she reached to shut the door behind her, stretched out red cardigan being caught in the door as she closed it, bending down to pick her suit case up and of course seeing as her cardigan is securely lodged in with the door-her movement being halted in a comical display of her reaching down for her suitcase, unable to reach it from being trapped in her cardigan and other hand reaching for the door. If she opened the door while still moving for her suit case she is going to fall. She does just that and stumbles forward before falling on top of her suitcase, luckily stopping her face from hitting the linoleum with her outstretched arms. The class erupts in laughter and snickers and I am left hating being a vampire-it would have been so easy to stop this… to run over to her in a millisecond and catch her or stop her from opening the door while trying to pick her suitcase up at the same time. I know human women are under the impression they are master multitasking beings but this was just pitiful. "Uh…" she murmurs, getting up and rubbing her hands on her loose fitting grey pencil skirt. She looks around the classroom embarrassed and tucks her hair behind her ear self consciously. "I'm your uh…" Oh god, they look like a pack of hyenas! Oh god, what the fuck have I gotten myself into… oh god, oh god… "I'm…" she mutters, folding her arms over her chest in a move that alerts the entire class that she is weak and can easily be walked over in terms of late assignments and lack of general respect… My name! Say your name Leah! "I'm your teacher" she says more audibly, nodding her head as though to confirm the matter to herself. "I'm your teacher… and my name is… Leah Clearwater" A boy raises his hand instantly, smirking to his friends around him and winking at one girl. He was the resident popular jock… I hadn't bothered to learn of his name naturally but his thoughts… Oh gosh, what a loser he chuckled, waving his hand petulantly at Leah Clearwater. "Uh, yes… you" she said, pointing to the boy-the only person who had his hand up-before pushing her thick glasses up her nose. "Hello everyone" the boy said, rising from his seat and grinning at everyone… I gathered from the rest of the children's thoughts his name was Mike Newton. The pretty popular boy of the school… his eyes met mine as he sucked in the attention around him and he frowned. I realised he was frowning at me because I had been frowning at him. Those Cullen's… he seethed. Freaks… think they are better than everyone and they've only been here two days… "Well… I was just wondering" he said, chuckling lightly. I groaned before he finished voicing out his thoughts… "I was wondering if we are supposed to call you Leah or…? And aren't you a bit young to be holding a suitcase and dressing like a granny?" Leah Clearwater's eyes went large-they were already large as it was I realised, behind the thick lese of her glasses-and she may have been blushing. It was difficult to tell with her dark skin but there was a definite reddish tint on her already russet skin. "You…" she stammered, pushing her black straight dishevelled hair back awkwardly. "You may call me Ms Clearwater… and I am your History teacher" "Then you are in the wrong classroom" A girl seated next to Mike sniggered. "This is English…" Idiot… "English…" she whispered, looking at all of us with new terrified eyes. We weren't just hyenas in her mind now… we were rabid hyenas and she had turned into a sacrificial lamb. The door opened right on time and Mr Gilmore entered, suitcase secured in his hand and suit buttoned, tie positioned neatly in his collar and hair combed perfectly. He stood still in the middle of the doorway and gaped at Leah Clearwater-eyes wide and questioningly before realisation dawned on him. The new teacher they hired from the Reservation…! "Oh… hello there" he said smiling friendly at the terrified young woman. "You've met my mongrels…" He waved a dismissive hand over the class and there were a few protests and hoots. "Hope they greeted you politely and quoted some Shakespeare" he chuckled. "Do you need help finding your class dear?" She nodded in a slightly manic way, shot the class one last terrified look before following Mr Gilmore out of the classroom. He was kind and understanding of her little confusion and was leading her down the corridor to her class of less terrifying eight graders –while giving her advice on how to manage teenagers. The class returned to its droning sound of chatter and laughter while I watched slightly hypnotized my frowning face though the quiet girls mind at the back of the classroom. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx Of all the lessons a high school offered, P.E was the worst for vampires. We were built for speed and strength at an exponential level in comparison to human beings. Movement was judged differently in our eyes, everything else was too slow or graceless. Bumbling movements through the world, floating paper bags through the air because we were stream line jets, torpedo's and human cheetah's when it came to the very movement of our limbs. P.E was torture and a disgrace to our very capabilities. Moving like slugs in quicksand to keep up our charade, pretending not to see the stupid balls flung our way to stay out of being picked in any sporting team… and most irritatingly trying not to bump into any of the clumsy children tripping and scampering all over the place. Like blind mice on speed… Why does he stand outside the group? He really doesn't want to be here… she thoughts. Her name was Angela Weber and she was not imagining herself in love with me as all the other girls but her constant watching over me was making me uneasy. It made me uneasy because I think I would have rather preferred she succumbed to her hormones than genuinely worry over the pale boy frowning and scowling at everything… I saw her from the corner of my eye, watching me through her glasses and gnawing her lip worriedly. She hadn't realised that Jessica Stanley-one girl whose thoughts got louder and more vulgar about me with each passing second-was talking animatedly to her about how she thought she had seen Edward Cullen look