A TOAST TO LIFE Xx~xx~xX "I think being a Quileute just ruined the whole rollercoaster experience for me" "Clearwater..." he warned, sighing heavily and rolling his eyes. She had been at this for the duration of their time in the slow moving in the queue for the ride. Grumbling, whining and complaining. "I mean seriously...!"She pointed with unnecessary energy up at the ride and scowled at it as it twisted and curved at high velocity, causing its passengers to scream in terror. "Why are people so interested in this thing!?" "Lady, could you move?" a low irate voice breathed from behind them. They both ignored it and shuffled lethargically forward, sure to leave a good few steps in front of them so there was a marginal space between them and the two other members of their party "Could you move some more?" the man sighed. "Why would anyone want to have goofy pictures taken of them?" Leah carried on, shaking her head in reproach. "Lady, just get out of the line if you're scared..." the man behind them sneered "And let us, who paid good money for this, get to the damned ride!" "Shut up until after the ride" Charles nudged Leah out of the way gently and peered into the man's eyes, pierced into his mind. The man was lost in the dark emerald eyes, his heart stuttered minutely before returning to a slightly raised tempo and when Charles had returned Leah to her position in front of the man... The man blinked in confusion. He knew he wanted to say something, anything to the tall dark woman who had been complaining insistently during the thirty minutes they had been queued. He opened his mouth but then saw the man she was with; the handsome man with the peculiarly violent green eyes, and he shut up. His mouth slammed shut and a sweat trickled down his neck as though the very thought of speaking was a strenuous activity. "That was unnecessary, Charles" Leah sighed. "You ask me what I want to do for my birthday, and when I decide that an amusement park would be fun..." Charles said morosely "You complain the whole way. You complained at the Tea Cups, you complained at the shooting range..." "I complain because this is what you always want to do!" Leah threw her hands in the air and frowned at Charles "Because I knew this is where we were heading, to the damned rollercoaster...!" "You puked on the ride we went to when I was ten..." Charles smiled "I told no one. If you puke now, I promise to only tell Jacob..." Her eyes were wide and fearful on his face. "You... wouldn't " "He has been so serious of late..." Charles said airily, watching Leah from the corner of his eye. "Always discussing things with Atka; obsessed with other shape shifters. Maybe he'll obsess about the curious incident of a wolf puking because of high velocity when she's the fastest thing on the land" "If you tell Jacob... about..." "So you do confirm that you will be puking all over the place again..." Charles grinned "Oh fearsome she-wolf?" "I will not be puking anywhere!" Leah snapped "Back then, things were different" "Different how?" "I had taken a blunt" Leah said matter of fact, nodding her head as though that was a righteous enough reason and would be held with honour in any court. "You are a wolf..." Charles smirked and raised a thick eyebrow. "One little blunt will only levitate you what... a foot off the ground?" "Did I say blunt? I meant a whole garden " Leah corrected herself. "I was exiting the stratosphere..." "I don't know how Renesme will feel knowing she left you in the care of her only child while you were high..." "Higher than a motherfucker " Leah grinned toothily "And drunk as hell but you still had the best birthday now, didn't you?" "Why did you need get high?" "Your mother and father" she answered. "Those two could make the Pope crave for a shot of something , the way they behaved back then..." "Like that's changed much now!" Charles scoffed, folding his hands over his chest. "Renesme is nice" came a little voice in front of Charles. "Katherine, Renesme craps too" Leah pointed out. "Actually..." Charles murmured and Leah blanched. "Once in a while" "I don't know if the information on a hybrid's bowl movement shocks me more..." Leah gasped "Or that you count the number of times your mother poops" "You got high and put your imprint in danger" Charles breathed. "You don't get to judge anyone today" "What's an imprint?" Katherine asked and the man in front of Charles growled low. "Could you two shut it?" Seth hissed. "This is the worst..." "Double date?" Charles grinned, his sharp teeth glinting in the sunlight dangerously. "There is no double date going on here" Seth said, looking behind Charles. "And Leah's thumbs up tells me she agrees fully" "She's just scared she'll puke on me again" Charles chuckled. "Aren't you Leah?" "If you keep on with the puking jokes, I might be forced to tell Eddie you're using your powers for evil" "What evil?" Charles asked innocently and Leah pointed behind her, at the silent man trying to nudge her forward after the section with two and a half Quileute's and a werewolf did not move forward and left a considerable gap in the queue. "Dude?" Charles sighed at the man. "You're ruining my birthday?" The man pointed at two children bickering at his sides, and shrugged, before pointing at his throat and shaking his head in wonder. "Kids, could you give your old man a break?" Charles chided and the children looked up at him in wonder, before resuming their squabble. "You were rude to my imprint" Charles told the man. "You don't get to talk until after the ride" "Do you have any understanding of discretion " Leah sighed. "You might as well wear a t-shirt that says, 'I'm a weird human hybrid vampire wolf thingy who has lost my compassion for other humans'" "Humans and their humanity are both overrated " Charles began before frowning "Did you just call me a thingy Lee? You ruined my birthday, Clearwater. Seth, your sister ruined my birthday" "I don't fucking care!" Seth hissed into Charles ear. "If you haven't noticed, I am trying to get to know my imprint... who still thinks I'm a jerk!" "All you Clearwater's are jerks" Charles sulked, inching forward with the queue. "Leah refused to give me a kiss for my birthday, grumbled the duration of my special day at the amusement park and revealed that she used to get high and drunk in my presence..." "I am finding it very difficult to sympathize!" Seth hissed at Charles before groaning, and helping Katherine into the ride (after shoving the attendee far right and growling at him). "No" Leah said before Charles could speak, helping herself into the stall behind Seth and Katherine. She strapped her belt on and gripped the rail in front of her with firm conviction. "I have never been drunk or done half the stuff you guys have" Charles grumbled, checking if Leah's belt was secure before strapping himself in. "Venom" Leah stated and Charles rolled his eyes. "Can't get higher than that" Xx~xx~xX X Xx~xx~xX RENESME CULLEN The lilting sound of birds, far away laughter of children and the lethargic pull of the ocean gave a heavenly retreat from a bruising war, a powerful enchantment from a dark memory and for some, a reprieve from a life of damning. "You don't have to spend your time baking, Renesme..." Angela wouldn't understand the change that was in me. Angela wouldn't know the light that had pierced the darkness, the power that had overthrown my weaknesses. I was free. Finally, and truly... I was free of my sins, of sins that were not my own... except of course, this one little thing. The thirst... It reminded me explicitly of my first kills, my first murders and my first taste. I had to bake, I had to clean and I had to be busy... I had to not be still, listening to heart beats, feeling the heat from their bodies, his body... smelling the salt of sweat, the sweetness of blood, the elixir in his veins, yearning for scorching heat to sear my tongue, wishing to listen to the that drumming instrument playing a tune of divinity, hating that I remembered the sweet power I had stolen from so many men, from the laboratory. Every kill, every murder, all that blood... It reminded me of my first taste, and it did no justice to the potency of Jacob Black's blood. "Renesme!" Angela yelled. I jumped, knocking back into the kitchen table and breaking it in the process. The cupcakes I had been icing went into the air and I watched them as they hit the ceiling in slow motion and thundered right back down to the floor. "Shit" I breathed. I didn't look at Angela; my heart was fluttering wildly in my chest, my vision blaring, her heart was raised too and with it, my thirst roared and my nostrils flared. I was grateful for the burning smell coming out of the oven, muting her adrenaline laced blood. "What has gotten into you?!" Angela demanded, walking over to me. She took the empty tray from my hands-tugging hard-and placed it on the chair. She surveyed the broken table, it leaned awkwardly to the left, were its leg had come off. "Renesme, why are you so distracted?" she asked softly, touching my arm. My eyes snapped to her hand, glared at the contact and yearned for the warmth pulsating from her skin. "What's going on?" Jacob swaggered in, frowning. He was sure not to look at me, staring at the ruined cupcakes on the floor instead. "Five second rule but if you are a wolf it really is five hours, so ladies... just pick them up so we can get to the meeting sometime in this century?" "Yes" I rasped, removing the apron hastily, throwing it on the broken table. "Angela, the meeting..." "The muffins are still burning" Angela said dryly, looking at me suspiciously. I switched the oven off, deciding to open it much later when the supernatural beings had gone to the beach to organise Charles surprise party... they would hate to have their noses aggravated. "Could you take it easy, you haven't slept since..."Angela whispered. She droned out, frowning "I haven't seen you sleep at all since the break out?" "I can function" I snapped. "Then what are you doing to yourself...?" she began but I opted to run from her, zooming to the other side of the dining room that was operating as our 'board room', or as Katherine had put it 'bored room'. She frowned at me by the door, allowing Embry to lead her in and sat down, still throwing me suspicious glances. The room felt like a sauna with all the wolves. I sat by the window sill, opening the window wide and inhaling the outside. "I have contacted Dominic" Jacob announced. He sat at the head of the dining table, his large hands clasped in front of him. "He has arrived in Malwood and he will relay the details of The Company and God's People to his elders, and we will see if they are willing to assist us in any way possible" "Was our biggest concern not finding a place to roost before we mobilise to England?" Embry asked. "Why can't the Cullens make their way to Malwood?" Angela asked. "England seems so... small... for all of you" "Malwood is a community of werewolves" Embry said "We would be putting the Cullens at such a risk" "Embry is right" Jacob said slowly "And I think our cause would be better heard without vampires. Do not forget that the reasons why