Disclaimer: I don't own any of the characters and I make no money from this. It's purely just a bit of fun and all rights belong to JK Rowling. This may become a series, I may leave this as a standalone, it all really depends on whether it keeps me interested. Who knows, if I (and you) enjoy it I may even end up branching out past the Deathly Hallows and creating brand new content. It's pretty much the same start with Harry being abused at the Dursley's but there will also be changes from the get-go as you'll find out. Much like how Rowling wrote I suppose, I haven't planned everything out, I have ideas and fragments that will eventually work their way in but I don't know when and how, one I can say for certain though is that this will be a Harry/Hermione (Harmony) pairing with other pairings with separate characters maybe happening too. Personally I'm not a big fan of Ron in general but I'll voice my opinions of him as necessary, probably in P.S. notes at the end of chapters. Anyway I've rambled on long enough, enjoy and feel free to review. Chapter 1: The Birthday Boy Harry Potter awoke to stare once again at the ceiling of the cupboard under the stairs, where he had spent the last eleven years eating, sleeping and spending his spare time. Well, almost eleven years; it wasn't quite his birthday yet, and he had never really had any reason to look forward to it. After all, his aunt Petunia and uncle Vernon loved him as much as they loved the Mrs Figg's black, shaggy dog that always seemed to find its way over to Aunt Petunia's tulips to relieve itself. Dudley loved harry even less, beating him for sport and the entertainment of his posse. At least when Vernon did it (Aunt Petunia would never do it, but didn't stop her husband from taking off his belt or reaching for his old cane) he claimed it was for "discipline" and "to beat it out of you". What "it" was harry didn't know. Speaking of birthdays, Harry suddenly recalled that it was in fact Dudley's 11th birthday today. He groaned at the thought and winced as he sat himself up in bed, his ribs aching from Dudley's beating the day before. Harry lifted his shirt to see the bare outline of his ribs and a reasonably sized bruise over his liver, courtesy of Dudley's left fist. Harry pulled himself out of bed and got dressed into his oversized clothes, hand-me-downs of Dudley's that the Dursleys made him wear instead of wasting good money on him. As he was pulling his shirt over his head a sudden loud rapping came through his bedroom door (A.K.A the cupboard door). "Boy! Up! Now!" Aunt Petunia's voice rang through, shrill as ever, "Diddykins needs his breakfast!" and off she went. When he thought it was safe he opened his cupboard door and stepped out. "Stooped out" would be a more accurate description, as Harry was already quite tall for his age. He was closing the door when his head was forced forward by a slap on the back of the head from the birthday boy as Dudley made his way into the kitchen. "Come on, Potter," he taunted, "I want my bacon," and disappeared behind the kitchen door. Harry leant his head against the stairs, now aching after Dudley's punch. He hadn't cried at the hand of the Dursleys in a long time, years even, and he wasn't planning on changing that any time soon. He hadn't grown numb to the pain, nor did he like being abused by his relatives, he simply came to realise that this was his life from now on. Maybe when he was older he could escape their clutches and forge a life of his own, but that was a long way away, and harry hadn't even considered what he wanted to do for a job. He knew uncle Vernon worked at a place called Smeltings doing something with drills but he had no idea what and he didn't bother to ask. Even if he did he knew he probably wouldn't get a good answer as the Dursleys hated questions and any form of imagination. Harry had eventually decided just to live life and hope it would get better. He lifted his head from the staircase and slowly walked to the kitchen where he saw Dudley already opening the presents closest to him from the mountain that stood before him. His adoring parents were sat on the sofa nearby, watching their little boy proudly as he tore through the wrapping paper to reveal his new computer, a racing bike, a remote controlled car, a very formal watch and some new hoodies. My wardrobe in a few years , harry thought sarcastically, half believing that there was no way Dudley could outgrow these hoodies that quickly. He grabbed a can of beans from the larder and some bacon and eggs from the fridge before setting them all to cook, stirring and flipping when required. It wasn't long before the first batch was ready and Harry placed what he could on a plate then walked over to Aunt Petunia, who was closest to him. Dudley was the image of his father, gorilla like in size and probably in mind too, with hardly any neck and stubby fingers. Petunia, who was the complete opposite, thin as a stick with a craning neck and elongated fingers, looked up in disgust. "Not me, you fool!" she snarled, "Diddykins first, it's his day." Harry weakly turned and began to walk around the stack of presents towards "Diddykins". Unfortunately, Dudley was testing out his new remote controlled car at that particular moment and it shot out right in front of Harry's feet. Before he even realised what had happened Harry was tumbling to the floor and the plate of bacons, beans and eggs was gone from his hand. With a thud he crashed to the floor but looked up just in time to see the plate fall onto Dudley's fat head, spilling beans all over his hair and dropping the eggs over the places his eyes should be. Dudley and Aunt petunia's cries of terror were masked only by uncle Vernon roaring. He was no thin man but he was surprisingly quick to his feet and even quicker grabbing Harry by the scruff of the neck and throwing him nearly fifteen feet away. Harry knew he had to get out or he'd be in for worse than being thrown across the room. He was up and out of the house before uncle Vernon could even reach the kitchen door, running down Privet Drive to the only place he felt safe; a small patch of woods near the park. Harry didn't like hanging out near motorways and roads like the other kids his age. He had always been cautious of them seeing as how his parents had died in a driving collision and he had no intentions of ending up the same way any time soon. Harry didn't get ten yards away from Number Four Privet Drive, the house of his aunt and uncle, before Mrs Figg's shaggy black dog was sprinting beside him. He remembered the first time this dog had come running after him. Half of him was worried the dog was trying to attack him, the other was concerned the dog would get lost and Harry didn't want to be the cause of that. He'd have stopped and taken the dog back to it's home if he hadn't annoyed Vernon something terrible and knew he'd be out to his car soon to try and find him or run him over. So he kept running and so did the dog. He seemed to recall Mrs Figg having cats before, so her sudden change to a large dog seemed odd to Harry so he didn't question it. Don't ask questions, echoed Petunia's voice in his head. Harry had developed a knack for running long distance without stopping, to the point he could reach his hiding spot only needing to slow down slightly every so often to catch his breath before speeding up again, although he needed quite a good breather when he eventually stopped. The black dog veered off and disappeared at the edge of Little Whinging as usual when the trees came into view, so Harry continued across the empty park an fields over to them alone. He slipped in-between some bushes and found his usual hiding spot, clear of litter as he always left it. Harry sank against the trunk of a tree and breathed heavily, recovering from his impromptu run. After a minute or so the black dog came through the same bushes as Harry, a small plastic bag in it's jaw which Harry could guess the contents of. "You are one clever dog," Harry spoke aloud, unsure if the dog could even understand him or if he was just speaking to the air. The dog dropped the bag on Harry's legs and he gladly grabbed the water bottle inside. "Thanks, Snuffles," Harry said as Snuffles licked his slightly bloodied knuckles that were resting on his bent leg. Harry ruffled Snuffles behind the ears which he appeared to like as he made his way to Harry's side, lay down and placed his head on Harry's lap. Harry lay there with him and stroked his side as he munched through the sandwich and chocolate bar that were also in the bag. Harry didn't know how or why but Snuffles always brought him a stash of food when he could and knew where to find him. More than once Harry had been off walking where he thought nobody would find him, only to be met by Snuffles trotting along beside him. Not that he didn't like the company, on the contrary he loved it. Snuffles was a companion that seemed to like him and he certainly liked Snuffles so he saw no reason to not let the dog be with him when he managed to escape the Number Four. Harry felt so comfy and tired from his run and snack that he allowed himself to nod off to sleep, Snuffles curled beside him. When he awoke he glanced at his watch and found it to be early evening, around four o'clock, so Harry decided to head back to Number Four. He remembered that his aunt and uncle were taking Dudley and one of his friends to the zoo and then out to a meal that evening so Harry still had some time to get back to the house and relax for a little while before they returned. No doubt Dudley had been compensated for Harry's fall with another few presents on their trip and Harry did not look forward to Dudley's smug face or the beating he would likely receive from his cousin. He got up and stretched, causing Snuffles to wake up and do the same thing. "Come on, Snuffles. Time to go home," harry groaned and Snuffles let out a similar whine. On their way back to Privet Drive, harry often found himself making up conversations with Snuffles and treating his responsive barks as the other half of the conversation. The conversation he created on this particular night went a little something like this: "So, any plans for the weekend, Snuffles?" *Bark* "Your sister in Manchester, huh? What's she like?" *Bark* "Well, of course she's a bitch but that doesn't answer my question." *Bark* *Bark* "I know, I'm hilarious… Do you see much of your family?" *Bark* "Not since the accident? What happened?" *Bark* *Bark* "No! How could he?!" *Bark* *Bark* *Bark* "What is the world coming to?" Harry tutted. Harry would carry on the conversation until they reached Privet Drive, where Harry would say goodbye to Snuffles and he would bark back in reply. Harry was glad to see that uncle