A/N. Anew glimpse into the family life at Edoras. I usually get the inspiration from my own life --- and this time is no exception; our children are grown up and have moved away from home. But their father still worries about them – especially our daughter, the apple of his eye: What about all the dangerous men lurking about out there, waiting to get their hands on her – and then I started thinking: how would Éomer react when it is a question of his youngest daughter? Here is my version of it. (As usual I do not own the characters, I just borrow them once in a while) FATHERLY CONCERN Lothíriel of Rohan looked up from her books and scrolls, biting the tip of her quill. It was still quite early in the day, but with so many tasks ahead of her, the queen mostly had to get an early start. The king usually took an early morning ride before breakfast, and Lothíriel had not seen her husband this morning. Consequently, she had decided that she would get the household affairs out of the way before he got back and while Meduseld was still fairly quiet. Upon his return they could have breakfast together. True, it was more quiet around Meduseld these days, the queen thought. Their youngest Théodred was now a rider; he was often away and this left only the youngest daughter, Bronwen, Éomer and herself. Usually Meduseld was also the home of the Crown Prince of Rohan, his wife and their children, but they were presently visiting Celebrian's family and Elfwine's sister in Minas Tirith. Ciera and her husband, Halthaín, one of Éomer's young marshals now resided at the Aldburg with their young family. Good Béma, I am already a grandmother several times over! Lothíriel laughed to herself as she gazed at her scribbles and figures. "I should count myself lucky that I get periods of tranquillity these days. I am fairly certain, though, that the peace and quiet will be interrupted, it has always been that way," she mused to herself. She did not get to finish this line of thinking as the door to her chamber was flung open and shut again with a bang as a lion with greying mane burst in. Now why did I have to evoke this? The queen managed to think before the roar of the lion filled the room. "Are you aware of the whereabouts – and the doings - of your youngest daughter, Madam?" Éomer of Rohan growled angrily. "I suppose that at this time of day she is probably at the stables - and a good morning to you, too, husband," Lothíriel replied calmly. "And as far as I am concerned, she is very much your daughter, too!" she added. She put down her quill, leaned back in her high backed chair and looked calmly up at her husband, mirth threatening to break through in her eyes and settling in a wide smile around her lips. Caught by surprise by her remark, Éomer of Rohan stopped in his angry pacing and now stared incredulously at his wife, still steaming with fury. "Of course she is my daughter, too – but ….." Éomer interrupted himself, obviously now realising that his wife found him a tad ridiculous. "And good morning to you, too, love." He could not help grinning slightly as he bent to kiss his wife. She reached up to caress his cheek. "And what, may I ask, caused this roar at this time of the day. I thought that you were out riding?" Lothíriel looked up at her husband, one eyebrow quizzically raised. "It certainly was my intention, but as I walked into the stables, I found our daughter there, kissing the eldest son of my First Marshal, the Captain of my guard!" Éomer was practically fuming. "I see. And what did you do about it?" Lothíriel inquired. "What I did about it? Well, nothing – except for shouting at the cad to get his hands off my daughter – and at Bronwen to come with me, which she obviously did not. I suppose that I was too shocked to do anything – and I just stormed out of the door!" No, obviously not. Lothíriel could not help laughing – at which her husband sent her a glare, which would have stopped larger adversaries. His wife ignored the danger. She had seen it before. Living with Éomer was like living with a volcano, which erupted at intervals, and she had been the subject of his glares long enough to ignore them. "Béma's Balls, Lothy; he is ten years older than her!" Éomer's temper was rapidly rising again, and his usually hazel eyes were darkening with anger. "Nine years actually, he is one month older than Elfwine as well you know – and --- what of it?" Lothíriel turned a questioning, blue-green gaze at her husband. "What is so wrong about that?" "Wrong? I will tell you what is wrong! He is a full-grown man --- and she, she is only a child!" Éomer growled angrily. "And he was kissing her as if ---- as if it was not the first time!" "Well, it probably is not. Éomer, she is twenty years old, the same age that I was when we met; she is no longer a child; she is a young woman!" Lothíriel argued. "Even so – he is so much older than her – and ……" "In fact only one year older than you were when we met; you were a grown man by then – the King of Rohan - and you have never considered me a child, have you? And if so, it certainly never stopped you, my Lord and Master. And - if you want another example, Faramir is actually more than ten years older than Éowyn – and what if your sister had considered Aragorn for a potential husband?" Lothíriel looked inquisitively at her husband who deliberately sought to avoid answering the question and shot his wife an angry glance in stead. "Entirely beside the point, Lothy. Hama is a grown man, a soldier! You know perfectly well what soldiers are like – and you know Hama! He and Elfwine have been scurrying the territory, houses of ill repute and mead halls since they were barely eighteen. By Béma, woman, you would not throw your youngest daughter into the arms of a man like that, now would you?" "I do not recall, Éomer, that you reacted this strongly when Eldarion asked for Théodwyn's hand in marriage," Lothíriel inquired, one of her dark eyebrows elegantly arched, "so now why this frantic reaction?" "I – well, oh damn it! You know very well that Aragorn and I had agreed a long time before this actually happened that it would be a splendid idea if Gondor and Rohan thus again tied bonds through marriage … besides they were more compatible in age – and Eldarion is Aragorn's son!" "And this bodes for what exactly? As I recall Théodwyn was not even as old as Bronwen is now, when Eldarion first laid hands on her – and I do not seem to recall the same kind of resistance or rage on your part when you found out, husband!" "Perhaps so, of course I did not like the idea of anybody pawing a daughter of mine – then Eldarion was not as old as Hama is now compared to our daughter!" Éomer shot back. "Aha, I see – and you think that would have prompted that he was more of an innocent? As you said, he is Aragorn's son!" "He is, indeed, but Eldarion was not as much of a …., a womaniser as Hama is ….. or others are." Éomer argued. As he spoke, Éomer had turned his back to his wife, looking out of the windows over the plains. Lothíriel narrowed her eyes. "And how exactly do you know that? Others? You? You were not exactly innocent when you bedded me on our wedding night, were you? And my father obviously had no qualms about throwing me into your arms, so he was wrong, was he?" At this Éomer turned back towards her. "No, I was not, but …." His wife interrupted him. "If you are going to say that it was different for us I am going to trash you, Éomer Éomundsson!" The queen got up from behind her desk and stood in front of her husband, raising her chin defiantly. "No, of course it is not different, and of course your father was not wrong, but …." Éomer sounded hesitating, almost as if he was on the retreat, and Lothíriel decided to keep up the pace of the argument before he could set in a strike again. She was not the wife of a skilled warrior for nothing. Éomer opened his mouth to say something more, but Lothíriel beat him skilfully to it. "No, of course you cannot argue that it is different; how could it be? How would it be all right for you, your sons – and the rest of the male population of Middle Earth to gain experience before they married and not for the son of Éothain because the woman he loves, happens to be your daughter? Even our youngest son, my Lord – he is just seventeen, and I believe that there is not a wench in all of Edoras who has not at one time been the subject of his advances! And you would think him a lesser son of Éomer of Rohan, if indeed he has not succeeded with some of the wenches! Which I strongly suspect that he has, by the way! I have heard him sneaking into his room several mornings around the break of dawn – and I have heard the gossip around here!" "Of course it is all right for Hama as well …….., but ……" Éomer began. "As long as it is not your youngest daughter that he lusts for and wants to marry, you mean?" Lothíriel stood before her tall, sturdy husband, both hands on her hips. "If Hama had not sown his wild oats – or been entirely untouched by women at this point, then he would most certainly be the first male Rohirrim for a long, long time. I cannot recall any that I know of!" "I suppose not," Éomer grunted. Lothíriel continued: "And as for Eldarion, I would imagine that also our oldest daughter has profited from the knowledge that her husband has gained from Gondorian courtesans. My dear husband, thirty years have gone by and nothing, nothing has changed, oh Mighty King of Rohan. Women are still supposed to be virgins when they go to their conjugal bed and men can still do as they please!" Lothíriel stomped her foot to emphasise her words and her sea-green eyes glinted dangerously. "And you know that better than anybody – and you would hold it against one of your men?" Éomer knew when he was beaten; over the years he had only seldom won an argument with his feisty queen. Lothíriel of Rohan had always been a shrewd negotiator and vigorous opponent during these arguments – which had also proven valuable when she held council during the periods when he had been absent. Suddenly he burst into a gigantic roar of a laugh. "Oh, I can hardly do that, now can I. I seem to recall a conversation that we had on our wedding night," he said, "when I had to confess all my prior sins to my very newly wed wife." Éomer reached over and pulled his wife into his arms, still chuckling. "I surrender, my Lady – and I am forever reminded that no shrew will ever be thoroughly tamed – at least not you. Although I have certainly tried." "The effort is probably what keeps you on your toes and fit for fight, my Lord," Lothíriel retorted. He bent his head and kissed