LOTHÍRIEL The dim light of the large hall in the Houses of Healing made it difficult for me to see anything but the chaos, which ruled in there. Hundreds of wounded were lying on cots, on the floor and were set up against the walls and it took a while before my eyes adjusted. In my ears rang the unworldly wail that I had heard as I ran across the field to my sister's lifeless body … and which I did not recognise as my own voice. Nooo, Éowyn, noooo ---- I had walked as if in a trance until Aragorn shook me out of it. "Éomer, wake up ---- she is not dead!" he had said, slapping me into consciousness, "she is being taken care of." They had carried her to the Houses of Healing, Éothain had told me – just as he had reminded me of my obligations towards the men – towards my people. I was now their commander – their king - I could not be selfish now – there were so many dead and wounded, some maimed for life. I found the strength to see to them first and when this task was done, I could again think of my sister. I hurried to the Houses of Healing and into the large hall. I asked somebody – a warden it seemed – the whereabouts of the Lady Éowyn of Rohan. He looked at me without comprehending and then pointed me to the far end of the hall. "All wounded from Rohan have been placed there, my Lord," he said. I looked around me; there were so many – the stench of blood reached my nose, and the screaming of the dying filled the air. It was nauseating, and I realised how it must be for those who worked there. I worked my way among the many wounded, searching intensely to find my sister. I recognised some of my men, and I took my time to ascertain their condition – after all I was now all Rohan had; its king no less. I inhaled sharply, having just risen from the body of a man I had known most of my life; I got there in time to close his eyes. And then I caught sight of a well-known figure: Éowyn. She was lying on a simple cot in an alcove and a young woman was tending to her, washing the blood and dirt of her face and removing her armour. Through the cries and moaning of the wounded, I heard her voice clear as a bell. "Is it customary in Rohan to send women into battle?" she asked a young rider, who was leaning against the wall, cradling a wounded arm, and I heard him reply. "No, my Lady. Nobody knew that the lady Éowyn had followed the men into battle." I approached the alcove and knelt silently by my sister's side. She looked pale, and her brow was glinsing with sweat. "Is – is she alive?" My voice sounded strange to me, husky and coarse, and I felt parched, as if I had had nothing to drink for several days. Without looking up, she replied. "Barely, but I am not really a healer – I will fetch one as soon as I have finished here." Her voice was determined, but at this point I had no qualms about pleading or commanding. "Please, could you find one – now! She is my sister ---- and she is all that I have left in this world. I cannot lose her ….." I heard my voice trailing off. The young woman looked up at me. Long lashed, almond shaped eyes, blue as the sky – and green as the sea … looked at me, inquisitively, taking me in. "I shall see what I can do," she said and then got up and disappeared quickly down the corridor. I took Éowyn's lifeless right hand in mine. The left – her shield arm was maimed and lay limp against her chest. I looked into her face. Éowyn, why did you do it? Did you want to challenge me because of what I said to you …. That war is the province of men? Or was it something else? Did you want to win the honour and renown in battle? Were you not satisfied being what you were? A woman? A shield maiden? The thoughts and questions swirled around in my head as I was watching my sister's face. She was looking so serene as she was lying there and I knew that I would readily have given my life to spare her this. I bowed my head; the tears ran freely down my cheeks, but I did not care. I had lost so much and if I were to lose Éowyn, too then …... I did not finish the thought because I was interrupted by the arrival of an elderly female healer and the young woman. The healer examined my sister and shook her head. "I can heal her maimed arm, but this fever – it is like lord Faramir. He also just lies pale and unconscious --- I do not understand it. Nothing we do seem to help." She found splinters and applied them to my sister's arm. Then she told the young woman to fetch water and cloths and apply cold compresses to my sister's forehead to keep the fever down. By now it was evening, oil lamps and candles were being lit and cast a muffled light on everything and everybody in the room, even giving an impression of calm and peace. The young woman had done as she had been told and was now busy seeing to somebody else. When I looked up from time to time, as I sat by my sister's bed, I found that my eyes sought the young woman, who was like nobody I had ever encountered. She was modestly dressed in a sombre outfit with an apron that had once been white but was now dirty and stained – mostly by blood. Her dark hair was braided and covered by a scarf, but her demeanour and voice intrigued me. She was beautiful – at least I thought her so, not ethereal like the elves but with fine features. She was as tall as my sister, barely reaching my chin, and although she was slender, she looked strong, not delicate. Her face, as she was tending to one of my young riders, was serene and with mild features – an indistinctive nose with freckles spread across it and a finely chiselled mouth. She looked like somebody, who enjoyed being outdoors, riding and walking and who laughed easily. I got the feeling that I would very much like to know her better. She came up to me. "Can I get you anything? Have you eaten?" I shook my head – I did not feel hungry. "Perhaps some fresh water," I croaked. I remembered that I had had nothing to drink or eat for that matter since ---- this morning shortly before we arrived at the Pelennor Fields. She nodded and brought me some bread, cheese and a large tankard of fresh, cool water and I drained it in one draught. She stood looking at me with those thoughtful and beautiful eyes. I gave her back the tankard and tanked her, my attention turning back to my sister. Suddenly I felt a hand on my shoulder. "Éomer," a well-known voice said softly. Aragorn! I had heard him say that he would not be entering the city before time, but apparently he had not been able to stay away. Gandalf had told me of his healing skills, and I had experienced them for myself after the Battle at Helm's Deep. Certainly there was need for those in this place as well. I looked up into my friend's grey-blue, calm eyes. "Aragorn, I did not know …………..; if I had, I would stopped her. Can you help her?" Aragorn nodded. "I can try, Éomer." He placed his hand on my sister's brow, softly speaking words that I did not understand. I had some knowledge of Elvish, my grandmother had been fluent in the language and she had taught her children. Our mother had taught me, until she died – but she had died too soon to give the same knowledge to Éowyn. It must have been an ancient form, because it was not the Sindarin that I had learned. Gandalf was there, too, looking at us with his mild, wise eyes. Aragorn stopped in his endeavours and looked up at the healer, Ioreth, and the young woman. "Do you know whether Athelas is to be found in the houses?" he asked. The old woman shook her head, but the young woman said. "I do, my Lord. Just the other day I saw a jar with dried leaves in one of the storage rooms. I will get it for you." She disappeared and came back a little while later carrying a small, brown jar. Aragorn crushed some of the contents into a bowl of steaming hot water and a soothing, refreshing fragrance filled the air. After a little while, Aragorn felt my sister's brow again. "Her fever seems to have gone – but I cannot call her to me; you try Éomer – you she knows and loves." I shook my head; I did not feel convinced. "I wish it were so," I said and called her name. "Éowyn, wake up – cast off this shadow. Do not leave me." I squeezed her hand and suddenly I felt her squeeze back. She opened her eyes and looked at me. "Éomer," she said hesitantly, "uncle --- is dead; the black shadow ….. has gone." I crushed her in my arms, sobbing. I did not care who was looking at me; I had nearly lost the last thing in this world that meant anything to me, and the tears flowed freely down my cheeks again. Aragorn looked at us both with his wise and calm eyes. "Éomer," he said, "I must go: there are other people that need my help – take your time with your sister, but I need you in the King's Hall at daybreak. We must discuss what our further strategy should be." I nodded silently; I knew. We still had to overcome the darkness – we had won the day, but not the war. "I will be there," I said hoarsely. I sat by my sister's cot until daylight broke outside the window. She was sleeping, but this sleep was a healthy sleep and I was confident that she would soon be better. I rose and stretched. I had to meet with Gandalf, Aragorn and the others in a little while, but I did not want to leave my sister unattended. The young woman from last night came through the door. Obviously she had not had any sleep either. "Mistress," I said, "I am needed at a council, would you look after my sister until I get back? I do not like leaving her here unattended." She looked at me with a small smile; I had the feeling that I was being scrutinised by those calm, sea blue – green? - eyes. "Of course," she said – and again I had the feeling that she was somebody that I would like to know more about. ---0000--- After the debate in the hall of the king, where we had decided on setting bait for Sauron, luring him out of his land to give the Ringbearer time to fulfil his quest, I accompanied Imrahil, the prince of Dol Amroth to the Houses of Healing. I knew that two of his sons had also taken part in the battle and I asked him whether any of them had been injured. "No, luckily only minor scratches, but my daughter – my youngest – is helping out in the houses, and I have not seen her for several days," he