A/N:A long time ago I wrote a one-shot story called "The First Love" – and I actually never contemplated making a sequel, although I wrote the beginnings of it at the time. But – as you might remember (if you ever read the story), the story ended with Éomer's first love dying, her father retiring as an advisor – and Théoden King appointing a new advisor; Grima, son of Grimod ….. and a very serious Éomer, and we have to get Éomer smiling again, now won't we? It is movie verse, although not strictly as there is some inspiration from the book as well, and I have borrowed some of Peter Jackson's dialogue. Of course, I do not own the characters – I just borrow them once in a while … RELEASE A Sequel to 'The First Love' Chapter One - Banishment With only a few leagues to go, Éomer hoisted himself in the stirrups, stretched his tired muscles and looked towards Edoras. "Almost home; I wonder what awaits us," he sighed to himself. Not that he was not looking forward to being home, it was just so uncertain what would meet them – and it had been that way for the past few years. The young Third Marshal of Rohan had led his men on a patrol of the Eastfold. A skirmish with a roaming band of orcs had led to a bloody encounter, killing off most of the orcs but also several of his men. This had almost become routine since Éomer had been appointed by his uncle a couple of years before, and it had been a regular occurrence this past year; it was as if their foes always knew when they were coming, how many they were and where to set up an ambush. So much had happened these past years; the advisor that King Théoden had appointed after Béowulf's retirement – Grima, son of Grimod – had slowly, but surely woven the king into a strange net. The awkward looking, dark haired Grima had seemed an odd choice for an advisor, but there was no denying that he had a shrewd brain and that his convincing skills were equalled by none. His slick talk had more than once convinced the other advisors to let him have his way. On some occasions he had given sound advice, actually to the good of the people. Lately, though, the consequences had at times been dire, but nobody, least of all the king, seemed to protest the decisions. Only Théodred, the king's only son and his nephew, Éomer, gave voice to their protests. It was as if everybody else was too afraid to oppose Grima. Even the most experienced of the king's advisors abstained from voicing their protests. No wonder, as strange things had happened to those who had actually been in opposition to Grima's decisions. Nothing could, however, be proven and suspicions, if any, quickly faded. What remained, though, was that only years before Théoden King had been a man in his prime, ruling his country with wisdom and determination despite the dark times. He was certainly not young anymore, but he was a strong man with a robust sense of humour and keen wits – at times as mischievous as his son and his nephew. He was the patriarch of a household, which was perhaps gloomy, but had functioned well for many years even though without a queen, and he was a strong father figure both to his own son and the orphaned children of his sister. Even at his age he was a more than capable swordsman and rode with the best of his riders. But no more. The king seemed to have aged unnaturally especially during the past couple of years; his mind was dimmed, his appearance unkempt and he had become more and more reliant on Grima – Wormtongue as the three young members of the Royal household had named him – and less and less on his son and his nephew or the other members of his council for that matter. It was no secret that Grima had not approved wholeheartedly of the king's appointment of Éomer to Third Marshal, but he could not argue that Éomer did not deserve it and therefore had not contested it openly although it was obvious that it would not have been his choice. He did, however, never let a chance go by without voicing his opinion to the council that perhaps the young man was not yet prepared for the position – and perhaps only held it because he was the king's nephew. It did not surprise Théodred or Éomer as they were fully aware of his scheming against them, and they did their utmost to steer clear of Grima unless when it could not be avoided, but they mostly held their tongue. The king would hear no word spoken against his advisor, and nobody wanted to evoke the wrath of the king, subsequently of Grima himself, as he surrounded himself with trusted cronies – mostly mere scum, who would stop at nothing given the slightest chance. On his part, Grima wasted no time setting the king's mind against his son and his nephew, allowing them no say neither in matters of state, nor in matters concerning the well-being of the king, telling them that they were upsetting the king whenever they tried to raise matters of state with him. Only Éowyn was allowed near the king, and she was the only one that Grima would listen to. When she made a demand on the king's behalf, Grima would oblige willingly. Always his eyes followed the young woman around; it was obvious that he, in his own crippled way, had feelings for her. Éomer was furious, when he saw the way that Grima looked at his sister, but he could do nothing – and although Éowyn was appalled and disgusted by Grima's grovelling behaviour, she managed to stay calm and polite and she begged Éomer to do so as well, fearing the consequences if he did not. This past year, it was as if the entire court and the entire city of Edoras were sinking into a deep gloom, where no joy and optimism reigned; where the decay to buildings and surroundings was obvious, and where there was not much cheer in anybody – except when the éoreds were home and the men tried to wind down, usually with a keg of ale. Théodred was worried about the general state of affairs of the kingdom, but he had been exempted from the council after he had spoken against some of Grima's past decisions. When his father had still been clear of mind, he had scalded him, telling him that he was still the king and Théodred only the crown prince, and that he would come down hard on what he considered mutiny from the part of his son or his nephew. Éomer had had the most difficult time of accepting this, but he kept a strict hold on himself and he had also succeeded in staying Théodred's hand before he could do bodily harm to Wormtongue. Not that he did not want to himself; Grima had certainly wasted no time attempting to stir the temper of the young marshal whenever he could, throwing false accusations and mocking remarks at him, including covert threats concerning his sister and his cousin as well as accusations against his father, the late Éomund, and his erroneous decisions, knowing that therein lay his best chance of provoking the young man. But so far Éomer had succeeded in controlling his temptation to run his sword through Grima. Grima had had no difficulty convincing the other counsellors that he spoke the mind of the king, and that the heir of Rohan and the king's nephew were a couple of hotheads, who spoke no sense and only thought of themselves, merely seeking to gain honour and glory on their own behalf as they put the people of Rohan in danger. Only two of the king's most trusted captains, Hama and Gamling, still trusted and supported the heir of Rohan and his cousin, and the four of them often relayed their worries to each other although it had to be in secret. More than once Éomer and Théodred had debated whether Rohan would not be better off if they betrayed their oath to lord and land and revolted against Wormtongue's regime, but loyalty and fear of the repercussions to the king and to Éowyn held them back. Éomer hated himself as he saw the consequences that his and Théodred's hesitation was having for the people of Rohan. But the oath was sacred to them both and so much a part of them that breaking it would be like breaking their hearts and going against their nature and honour. The situation had gradually gotten worse. Orcs and Dunlendings were freely roaming the borders of Rohan, killing, violating, burning and plundering, and patrols could not keep them at bay. This was, of course, brought to the knowledge of the council, and the marshals repeatedly pleaded their cause. Not that this helped much; however much they wanted to patrol the borders and protect the people, they were only seldom allowed to do so, and then only after heated discussions between the council and the Crown Prince. Théodred often had almost to stake life and honour on being able to defend his country and his people. It was obvious to Éomer and his cousin that their enemies were systematically laying Rohan in ruins, and at times, the marshals deliberately disobeyed orders and rode out on patrols, always with the feeling that they would cause serious trouble to everyone when they did, but so far it had only gained them severe reprimands and harsh words from Grima, who called them troublemakers and warmongers. The king seemed weaker than ever, completely in his own world, and Grima seemed to have taken full control of the kingdom's affairs, now also keeping the other members of council from the king. This time the éoreds were returning after patrolling for more than four weeks; they had managed to send the enemy fleeing – again, but Éomer thought bitterly that it would probably only be a matter of days before reports on roaming hordes would send them on wild chases again. Éomer felt sick to his stomach and gripped the reins tightly, as his thoughts returned to the villages in the remote part of the Eastfold that they had found raided; crops and houses burnt, herds scattered, men and children slaughtered and the women, young as old, savagely raped and left to die. He closed his eyes at the thought, remembering the very young girl – a mere child, who had been raped and left to bleed to death; Éomer had held her in his arms as she drew her last breath, crying for her mother. She could not have been more than thirteen at the most. He still had her blood on his hands and his armour. Not far from her, Éomer had found the bodies of her parents and siblings, also mutilated and violated. Grima should be forced to see what we have to see – but that bloody coward just hides behind others, always has. Éomer cursed. Damn loyalty, damn his oaths to lord and land! Théodred and his cousins had long suspected that there must be more to this hold on the king that just Grima's ability to convince him. It was also most unnatural that the king should have aged so much in so little time. They – or at least Éomer – had suspicions that went in the direction of Saruman and had often voiced it. This was partly because Grima had managed to convince the king that Saruman was a friend and ally of Rohan, partly because Gandalf the Grey was no longer welcome in Rohan ….. and finally because the orcs they were fighting seemed to come