REALISATIONS It was still quite early in the morning, but all of Edoras was humming with anticipation and activity. The city was making ready to celebrate the wedding of the king's second son to the daughter of a minor noble of one of the Gondorian vassal states. The young couple had met during Haldred's stay with his grandfather to learn the trade and traditions of his grandfather's seafaring nation. Usually, as the bride was of Dol Amroth, the marriage would take place there according to the tradition, but Haldred had asked his wife-to-be – and pleaded with her family – to have the wedding take place at Edoras. As his father-in-law to be was a reasonable man (and perhaps also a bit overwhelmed by his daughter marrying into royalty), he had agreed to let the ceremony take at the place of birth of the groom. And as soon as the news spread of the forthcoming wedding, the city had been on the other end. Eventually all the guest had arrived, including Haldred's siblings and their families. Luckily, their new families mostly also included their parents' good friends such as the King of Gondor, Elfwine being married to a princess of Gondor, and his sister Théodwyn to the Crown Prince of same country. Among the guests were also the families from Ithilien and Dol Amroth as well as two hobbits, a dwarf and an elf. This morning, the king and his sons had escaped the ministrations of the womenfolk. Queen Lothíriel and her ladies were busy preparing everything for the grand feast – and the bride for the ceremony. Éomer knew better than to get in the way of the women. Vast experience both with his sister and his wife – and with his eldest daughter - had taught him this. Very early in the morning he had woken his youngest son Théodred, ordering to him to get his brothers – both the groom and the heir to the throne, Elfwine. Elfwine had in turn kicked his best friend Hama out of bed. Hama was Captain of the Royal Guard and thus also expected to accompany his king, when he left Edoras. It was planned that even the rest of the young men of the family should have participated in the morning's activities. However, the young men had had a reunion at one of the mead halls last night and most of them had excused themselves, not particularly wanting to leave their beds this morning. Late nights, and the consumption of spirits had, however, never impeded neither Éomer nor his sons very much. Besides the king had never accepted weak excuses such as a hangover from his sons to abstain from neither duty nor leisure. Consequently only five riders rode out of the gates in the early morning sunlight. "Eldarion is truly getting soft – or else Théodwyn must really have excelled her powers over the poor man," Elfwine snorted disdainfully. "He was never this tame before." "Oh, do shut up, big brother," Théodred retorted with a wicked grin to Hama. "You should be the one to talk. We did see what time you left last night. Did you really think that you could slip away unnoticed? My guess is that you would not let your wife sleep alone. It was rather early, dear brother. Before you were always the last to leave! And Hal, did you need an early night in order to be prepared for tonight? I certainly do not hope that you left early to pay your lovely betrothed a forbidden visit?" Haldred flushed violently and mumbled something, which sounded remarkably like a curse on his little brother, but he did not proffer anything more. Théodred chuckled scornfully; he had expected more response. Éomer barked with laughter. The two older brothers looked at the youngest and then at each other. Elfwine answered for them both: "Ha," he snorted, "and what about you, little brother? You seemed pretty preoccupied when I left. A good question would be whether you slept alone last night?" "That, brother dear, is none of your business!" Théodred retorted, blushing and hurrying to occupy himself with keeping his horse steady. "Little brother," Elfwine retorted quickly, "if you meddle in my conjugal life, and speak of matters you know nothing of, you must be prepared to have a response." Théodred scowled at his brother and opened his mouth to retort, but before he succeeded, Éomer decided to stop this line of discussion. "That is quite enough, Théodred, I believe that I shall not want to hear more at this particular point!" he growled, sending Haldred a quick smile. As usual, his second son kept out of the line of fire, letting his two more hot-tempered brothers have a go at each other. Hama had also kept well out of the line of fire. Lord Éothain's eldest son knew his friends too well and did not want to make himself a subject for discussion. He smirked; he too had noticed that his friend had made himself scarce earlier than what had been his wont before and he was acutely aware which kind of temptations a young wife offered, although he was still unmarried. A half-smile formed on his lips as a thought came to him. The ever astute Théodred caught the smile. "I did not see you either late in the evening, Hama. Do not tell me that my father's fearless captain of the guard too is losing his stamina? Or do you have other temptations as well, Hama? Do we know her?" Hama jerked. He had actually been thinking of the young woman, who had been on his mind quite a lot lately. The others laughed, apparently it was written all over his face what he had been thinking about. Luckily his face could not tell the others who she was. "And if I did, my Lords, I would be pleased if all of you would mind your own business. Of course, not including you, Sire, " he hastened to add as he cast a look at his sovereign. Éomer laughed. Hama was more or less like his own son; Éothain and he had been friends for neigh on fifty years ever since Éomer and his sister had arrived at Edoras when their parents died. "Hama, I assure you that the love life of my captain is none of my business," Éomer grinned. "And let's not continue this conversation, I thought that we were out for a ride." You would not say that, my Lord, if you knew who she was. Hama thought to himself as he spurred his horse on to keep up with the others. Some ten years earlier; Hama had finished his training session and was joining his friends, who were relaxing on the training grounds in the warm spring sun. Born only one month apart, Hama and the Crown Prince of Rohan had been friends since infancy. At first it came natural as their mothers spent so much time together, but gradually the two boys had formed an almost unholy bond as they discovered that they were of the same mould, and with the same mind for mischief as their fathers before them. Hama grinned at his friends, as he shred his damp shirt and dropped down beside Elfwine and his cousin Elboron, who was visiting the Royal family of Rohan together with his mother. "Already exhausted, you two lazy gits – I mean – my Lords!" "As respectful as always," Elfwine growled. Recently he had found that he had inherited his father's ability to growl – and glare, and he made frequent use of both abilities. Not that Hama usually was affected. "Always, Highness," Hama grinned back. "Bema, it is hot today, and it is not yet summer," he added as he took a swig from the water skin, which he had brought with him. He handed it to Elboron, who nodded his thanks. A little voice behind them startled them. "Why don't you go swimming then like Théodred and Halwyn? Mama is taking the boys to the river together with Aunt Éowyn, and I was supposed to go, too, but I would much rather go with you." The voice belonged to Elfwine's youngest sister, Bronwen, who was sitting on the fence watching the three young men. Her favourite position, actually, when the riders were exercising, and she usually pleaded that they included her in their training sessions. A request, which was usually rejected. The nine-year old was a tomboy of a girl, who besides hanging around the training grounds and trying to escape the more female part of her upbringing, would usually be found in the stables. Usually, as Éomer put it, she looked "as if her pony had dragged her through the worst mud pools around Edoras – and then thrown her in the manure pit." Today was no exception; most of her blonde hair had loosened from her braid, her face sported several mud smears and she was dressed in a torn and stained tunic, leggings and boots. Elfwine turned and looked at his little sister; he might have known. Where Hama went, Bronwen would usually be found. He had teased his friend mercilessly, but Hama was not bothered. He had only older sisters and a younger brother and somehow liked the idolisation by his friend's little sister. "Bron, you look an absolute fright; has mother seen you?" Elfwine asked his little sister with a frown. He could not help smiling as he was watching her, though; he adored her – but did not often let on. Bronwen just shrugged and sent him a glare, which could match her father's on a good day. "And yes – we might go swimming, and no, we are not taking you!" he added as he saw his sister open her mouth to say something. "You can go with mother and aunt Éowyn; you are too young to go swimming with grown men!" he cut her off. Bronwen made a face at her brother and jumped down from the fence. "Just because you are all grown up, there is no need to be so horrid to me! Otherwise I shall tell papa that I saw you kissing Halwyn's sister the other night!" she shouted defiantly as she hurried up the hill before her brother could get to her. Hama and Elboron buckled over as they saw the expression on Elfwine's face. Hama recovered first. "Did you?" he inquired breathlessly. "Did I what?" Elfwine shot back. "Kiss Gerdred?" Hama's grin was wide and teasing. "Well, yes – I kissed her, if you really must know." "Is it serious?" "No, absolutely not – but she looked so, well, kissable – and she did not oppose it. Besides it was only that one time." Elfwine looked incredulously at his friend. "Watch it, my friend --- or you will end up with a wife, and a future queen of Rohan, before you know it. Her father is not the most tolerant of fathers; he watches over his daughters like a hawk. You might ask his other son-in-law about that! As far as I know, he kissed Gerdred's older sister only once – and then he was forced to marry her." "A wife – most certainly not!" Elfwine looked as if somebody had struck him. No, Gerdred was not someone he would consider as future queen of Rohan. Before his inner eye he suddenly saw Celebrian of Gondor, and his gaze became unfocused. His cousin grinned; he knew who Elfwine had had in his thoughts since the harvest festival last year – and Hama knew, too. Elfwine returned to reality. "No, you are probably right; I should stick to more – noncommittal – relationships." He sent Hama a grin. "I am sure that none of the wenches in the Horse & Dragon have dreams of becoming queen, and they are most certainly very generous with their favours – including kisses." The two Rohirrim grinned cheekily at each