A/N:This is chapter one of the longest story, I have ever written about Lothíriel and Éomer. It is seen from Lothíriel's point of view, telling the story of how she came to meet the young King of Rohan. The story is complete and I will be posting the chapters so that the story ends before Christmas. To you it may seem as if you have seen similar stories before, but I assure you; it is a Frigg-original; the idea was originally conceived looking at the beautiful mountains around Twizel in the South Island of New Zealand, and most of it was written during the summer. Of course, I do not own any of the main characters – as usual I just borrow them every once in a while. I hope you like it …. If not? Well, I can live with that --- I liked writing it! Frigg DARK EYES Just a Simple Love Story …… Chapter One I was tending to a wounded soldier of Gondor, when I saw her being carried into the Houses of Healing. That is, my first thought was that it was a very young, beardless boy – much too young to be in armour, much too young to be fighting but then I realised that it was a young woman, dressed as a man. If this came as a surprise to me, I certainly had no time to mull over it. She was unconscious, apparently unscathed; only her left arm seemed maimed. Like my cousin she was pale and still, burning from a strange fever. Her brow was covered in sweat and her face with blood and dirt. "Where can we put her?" the men, who carried her, asked. I pointed towards a small dais in the room, where there was one free cot. I dried my hands on my apron; they were full of blood and did not contribute much to the state of my apron; it was dirty and blood stained to a degree, where you could not see its original colour. I dried the sweat of my forehead with the back of my hand and went over to wash my hands in a small basin. I was exhausted; like the other healers I had been working for neigh on two days without any sleep, and still the wounded kept coming in. I sighed – we had no choice but to carry on, rest was a privilege that we could not allow ourselves. I walked up to the men and helped them place her on the cot; she was a woman and propriety would demand that she should have been placed in a separate room, but there was none to find – and besides who would care in this situation? So many wounded were being brought in from the Pelennor Fields and from the city. Young men, older men; men of Gondor and others – tall, fair-skinned men with long hair most of them blonde; the Rohirrim that had come to the help of Gondor when things looked most desperate. Most of them had terrible wounds, some were maimed for life – and there were men, women and children from the city. Some we could help, some we could not; we could only hold their hands when they drew their last breath or close their eyes, because they had already left this world. The stench of blood and screams from the dying and wounded filled the air; young soldiers crying for their mothers, children for their parents. The woman was obviously from Rohan; I could tell from her armour; it looked like the armour of the others from her country. With the help of another healer, I removed her chainmail and laid her to rest on the cot. I asked a young rider, who was leaning against the wall nearby, his blonde hair matted with blood and dirt and he was cradling a severely wounded arm. "Who is she?" I was removing the leather tunic she wore under the chainmail. "Is it customary for the Rohirrim to let their women ride to war?" "No, my Lady," he replied, "We do not know how she had come here. It is the lady Éowyn; she is the niece of Théoden King." I saw in his eyes the despair and the sorrow that he felt. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a soldier also dressed in the armour of Rohan, but notably of some rank rushing in, looking wildly about him as if he was looking for somebody – and when he recognised the woman; he hurried over and knelt silently by the side of the cot. I was busy drying the blood, sweat and dirt of her face and making her as comfortable on the cot as I could and therefore did not look directly at him. "Is she – is she alive? What is wrong with her?" A deep, raspy voice asked. Still without looking up at him, I replied. "Yes, she is, but what ails her I do not know – I am no skilled healer. I will fetch one to look at her as soon as I am ready here." No, I was no skilled healer; I truly wished I had been, but I was learning as I went along – and the weeks here had given me some knowledge although I had none prior from home. And as to how I had ended up here? I had followed my father and two of my brothers to Minas Tirith. My second-oldest brother Erchirion had stayed in Belfalas as regent when my father, Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth and my brothers Elphir and Amrothos went to war. I had wanted to go with my father – to help out where I could. Arms I could not wield, but I would not stay back. I was sure that Dol Amroth would not be far safer than Gondor ---- and if the armies of Gondor could not defeat the Dark Lord, it would matter little where I was – and I wanted to be with my father. Our mother had died when I was only six, leaving us motherless with a father, who would have succumbed to grief, had he not had four children. My father and brothers had fought with the Swan Knights in Minas Tirith and on the Pelennor – and I had offered my help at the Houses of Healing – what little help I could render, I would. Although a princess of the realm, I was used to putting in an effort; my father had seen to that. He would never have permitted me to become just a spoilt princess. I had received the same education as my brothers besides the more ordinary female skills I had learned. During the siege and subsequent attack on the city, even the Houses of Healing had been attacked and almost run over by Sauron's hordes. We had fought them off, closing the heavy doors to them and our archers had held them at bay until the Army of the Dead sweeping through the besieged city had rescued us. I could not wield a sword, nor a bow – it was not considered proper that women could wield weapons, but nevertheless I had been able to fight off and kill a couple of the beasts using the dagger, which my oldest brother had given me before the siege for protection or to kill myself – if ………… this ordeal had left me shaken, but I could not afford to be panicking when so many needed our efforts. I awoke from my thoughts by the sound of a hoarse voice. "Mistress, then find a skilled healer – now! She is my sister; she is all that I have left in this world ……." His voice was commanding, but full of despair and broke slightly at the end of the sentence. I turned to look at the man, who spoke – and looked into the darkest eyes, I had ever seen – at least in a man with such other colouring – fair skin and blond hair. He was tall, taller than my brothers and my father, and well built – and looked like any other rider of Rohan. His blonde hair was shoulder-length, dirty and wind-tangled at the moment, and a short, scruffy beard, a little darker than his hair, covered his chin. His face was tanned, probably from spending a lot of time outdoors, although presently it was covered with dirt and blood, as was his armour. Obviously also he came directly from the Pelennor Fields. His eyes were pleading as he looked at me. "I will see what I can do," I said. I turned from him and ran to find Ioreth, one of the female healers. I knew that she was presently tending to my cousin. My cousin, the Steward of Gondor since the demise of his father and the untimely death of his older brother Boromir, had been badly wounded in a suicide attempt to recapture Osgiliath – ordered by his father, Denethor, the brother-in-law of my father as he had married my father's sister, Finduilas. Finduilas died when Faramir was only five. My most precious cousin, always gentle and caring, now lying unconscious smitten by a most fatal fever it seemed – just as the young woman, I had just left. "Ioreth!" I called out, "I need your help!" The old woman came from the room, where my cousin was lying. "Do not shout, young lady. I am right here. What is it?" she inquired. Ioreth knew who I was, but treated everybody equally. Indeed, in the Houses of Healing, no rank counted. "They just brought in a young woman. She is unconscious, and she needs the attendance of a skilled healer. Her brother is with her – and she is all that he has left in this world. We must help her," I explained. Ioreth hurried to the large room and up to the dais where we had placed the young woman. Her brother sat by her side, watching her with empty eyes. He looked, as if he had been crying. Tears had made tracks in the dirt on his face, but he did not seem to care. Ioreth examined the young woman. I could tell from her face, that she, too, was surprised that also women went to war, but soon her face returned to the usual thoughtful look. "Her arm I can surely heal, but what else ails her I cannot. It is the same fever as the Lord Faramir. I wish that we had a king in Gondor; they say that the hands of the king are the hands of a healer." She shook her head. It was almost dark now. The candles and oil lamps had been lit, casting a dim and soft light over the many wounded – and on the face of the rider who still sat by his sister's bed, looking out into the room with empty eyes. As I went to and fro I sometimes sensed his gaze upon me, but he said nothing – and he always turned his gaze to his sister when I looked up. Only once did I catch his eyes, thoughtful and full of pain. The White Wizard came silently into the room, he stood by the door looking at the spectacle with great sadness in his eyes. Apparently no one but I seemed to notice his presence. I went up to him and put a hand on his arm. He looked up and acknowledged me with a tired smile. "Princess – you here?" He looked at me. "Although you do not look much like a princess at the moment," he said taking in my appearance – for work I had done the same outfit as the other healers, a simple grey woollen dress and the apron, and braided my waist length dark hair and covered it with a scarf. He nodded towards