The Other Evans Girl - Chapter 1 This is a Sirimione & Jily fic. Rating: M This will go through all the Hogwarts years and then into the war, so lots of gore and death, this will be your only warning. }{—}{—}{ 2001 Tootree Road was never busy. The street was a curvy country road set some ways apart from the wizarding village down below, although Kaygard village was no longer referred to as a wizarding village as their was no longer a need to differentiate between Muggle and Magical. They were all Magical Villages. Since Voldemort's takeover almost every inch of Great Britain was now Muggle free, what was left of the poor souls were held in camps and used for experiments, death their only form of freedom. Until now. Unlike most nights Tootree Road was bustling with activity and despite the fact that the Purebloods gathered did not know it, it was all thanks to the most wanted Witch in Britain. Hermione Jean Granger. Although at this moment in time, thanks to a dose of Polyjuice potion, the Witch looked nothing like herself. Hermione's wild bushy hair and whiskey brown eyes, were now the long lustrous locks and grey eyes of Hestia Carrow, a Slytherin Witch that had been in her year back at Hogwarts but who had long ago taken to seclusion after the death of her twin Flora. "Hestia?" called a voice in the crowd, "Hestia Carrow is that you?" Hermione froze in her stride and willed back her sigh, she'd known that being spotted was a large possibility, after all, Theodore Notts engagement party was bound to be crawling with her former Slytherin classmates but why did she have to get stopped by this particular Witch. "Pansy" Hermione smiled turning to face the dark haired Witch, "how lovely to see you" she lied Pansy Parkinson looked almost exactly like the last time she'd laid eyes on her, her face still somewhat resembled a pug but her body had filled out. She was dressed in fine silk robes, draped in expensive jewellery and on the arms of a much older Wizard who'd rolled up his sleeves to proudly show off his dark mark. Hermione had to fight the urge to not hex his arm off. "Oh, my dear Hestia, it's been far too long" Pansy grinned, stepping up to wrap her arms around the supposed Hestia. Hermione mechanically hugged her back, forcing her arms to lightly wrap around the other woman's waist, when they parted Hermione was surprised to see genuine warmth on Pansy's face. "I have truly missed you" she quietly said, her eyes alight with relief. A throat clearing behind her made her stiffen, she plastered a smile on her face that was tinged with malice and dislike and then turned to face the older man, linking arms with Hermione. "Hestia, I would like to introduce you to my husband, Herbert Blishwick " his last name was said with such contempt that Hermione had to hide her surprise. She never heard of the name, Blishwick wasn't one of the great Houses and it surprised her that the egotistical Pansy Parkinson would marry below her station. "Pleasure to meet you" Hermione grinned. The man's gaze scrutinised every inch of her, from her dress robes that were terribly out of date to the great ring that marked her as a member of House Carrow on her finger. He gave her a stiff nod before turning his gaze to his wife "we should head inside" he demanded "Of course" Pansy said, looping her arm around Hermione's, she began to drag the Witch towards the Manor gate, falling into step behind a throng of Witches and Wizards. Hermione steeled her nerves as Pansy prattled on, the gates had been spelled to keep all introducers out and to wipe away all enchantments but Luna had promised to come through for her, they'd worked too hard to stumble now. "Did you ever imagine that Theo would end up with that mad woman?" Pansy smirked "but then again I suppose that none of us truly imagined any of this" she said, a sad tone to her voice, the same look on her face that Hermione had whenever she thought of Ron and Harry, her fallen friends. The only fallen friend Pansy had was Draco Malfoy. Was she thinking of him? Hermione wondered Once Voldemort had finished with Harry and almost the entire Order, he'd made a show of eliminating the traitors in his own rank, the Malfoys had been publicly executed a week after the Battle of Hogwarts. Draco's death had meant nothing to her, it still rarely crossed her mind but to those who loved him, those like Pansy, it must hurt as much her own losses. Their were two Wizards standing guard at the gate their eyes closely watching the guests, Hermione held on just a little tighter to Pansy as they crossed the threshold. Years and years of planning, the very survival of muggle kind, democracy and freedom, all depended on this moment. Hermione felt the wards wash over her. Her shoulders tensed and she stood absolutely rigid but the two Wizards standing guard merely waved her through. If she was a lesser person, less experienced, less battle weary, she may have just collapsed in relief then and there but as she was Hermione Granger she merely put on a tight lipped smile and let Pansy drag her into Nott Manor. "The colours don't match" Pansy snarked as soon they were through the front door and into the large lounge big enough to fit what seemed to be at least a hundred Witches and Wizards. "Red drapes with a green carpet" Pansy sighed clearly frustrated, "can the woman do anything right" "Theo likes her" Hermione shrugged, her eyes scanning the lounge in search of her friend. "I still don't understand why" Pansy huffed, "this marriage has cost him a lot with our Lord" Hermione tuned her out as her eyes landed on who she'd been searching for. Luna Lovegood looked remarkably different to when she'd last laid eyes on her, just a little over three years ago. Her golden hair was tightly pinned back into a bun, she wore a pin straight dark dress with dress robes to match and their wasn't a single odd item on her, no butterbeer cork necklace or radish earrings. She felt guilt well up in her, they were the only two left but whilst Hermione had hidden in the depths of Wizarding Britain fighting against the monsters, Luna had to conform and live amongst them. She was her greatest spy and her only ally. Luna suddenly turned towards her and although the light in her blue eyes had long diminished, Hermione could still recognise the delight that filled them when she saw her. "Oh, no" Pansy sighed, "she's coming over" Hermione struggled to hold back her grin when it finally hit her that she didn't have to, this wasn't a discreet meeting that couldn't last for more than a minute. This was one friend at the engagement party of another. As soon as Luna was close enough, Hermione threw her arms over her, wrapping her in the tightest hug she could. Luna returned the hug, both conveying their sadness and delight. "I didn't realise the two of you were friends?" Pansy's snarky voice filled the air Hermione reluctantly pulled back from Luna. "Best friends" She beamed, far more to those words than the likes of Pansy Parkinson would ever understand. Luna's eyes filled with tears but with a sigh, she held them back. They were slammed for time and they had a lot to do. "Pansy" Luna said with more authority than Hermione had ever heard from her, "if you don't mind, I have to borrow Hestia for a moment" Luna didn't wait for the Witch to reply before pulling Hermione away. They made it through the lounge and up various stairs until they made it into the attic. Once the door was closed, Luna whipped out her wand and held it to her throat. "Password?" She demanded "The Otter and the Hare, they do despair" she automatically recited. Luna's face split into a grin and she slammed herself into Hermione, hugging her so tight that her ribs began to protest. "Hermione Granger, how I have missed you" she said pulling back, the tears easily falling this time around. "How have you been?" Hermione asked, trying to hold back her own tears. "I can't complain" Luna shrugged, her eyes roaming over Hestia's features, "I wish I could see you" she frowned "If we don't do this quick enough, you just might" Hermione warned They instantly got to work, Luna revealed the potion that she'd been concocting, hidden away at the back of the attic. "And you've done it just as I wrote?" Hermione asked "It took me seven tries, but I've got it just right" Luna assured her, "I've never seen a potion so difficult to make, the ingredients alone were near impossible, if it wasn't for Theo, I wouldn't have managed to get even half" "I know" Hermione said "thank you Luna, I never would have asked if I could have managed alone" "You don't have to thank me" Luna smiled "but are you sure about this?" she asked as Hermione pulled out what seemed to be three bones and a silver time turner and placed them all besides the cauldron. "It's the only way" Hermione shrugged "we've lost this war but this doesn't have to be the end" "It could be for you" Luna argued "What do I have left?" Hermione bitterly smiled "my end came a long time ago" she said "this….this is the only way to change that ending" Hermione picked up one of the bones, like all the others it was tightly wrapped around a strand of Hermione's brown hair. The bone belonged to Henry Evans, father of Lily and Petunia Evans. Hermione carefully dipped the bone into the potion all the while reciting the incantation, once it was fully submerged, she moved on to the next bone. It belonged to Viola Evans, mother of Lily and Petunia Evans. Hermione did the exact same thing, slightly changing the incantation to include the word mother instead of father. The final bone belonged to Lily Evans, this time Hermione used a different incantation, she didn't want Lily to be her mother or father, she needed to merge with her and then separate from her, she needed to become her twin. Once that was over, Hermione heaved a sigh, she was so close to ending this madness. With careful hands, she pricked her finger, the blood landing on the silver time turner that had taken her years to create from scratch. "Last bit" she assured Luna who seemed to be holding her breath from all the tension. Hermione picked up the time turner and then slowly dipped it into the potion, reciting the date and time she needed. January 30, 1960. The day Lily Evans was born. Once that was finished, she lifted up the time turner by its chain and used a freeze spell to keep the potion from dripping down. "How long?" Luna asked as Hermione place it around her neck "If we've done it right, about a minute" Hermione answered, she felt a wave of nausea hit her and she stumbled before catching herself. "This is too dangerous" Luna frowned "their are so many things that could go wrong, there's a reason why people shouldn't mess around with time and space" "Which is why I've kept my plan short and sweet" Hermione forced a grin "kill Voldemort and live happily ever after" she smirked as a harder wave of nausea hit her "I'll see you again, Luna Lovegood, I promise" their was a momentary pause and her brown eyes connected with Luna's blue for the last time before everything disappeared. }{—}{—}{ 1968 As a child of the