Disclaimer : Not Mine Warning : Bad Grammar, Un-Beta-ed, English not my native Extra warning : Overuse Star Wars referance Mr Finnigan looks up from the newspaper and watches his son walks past him without greeting. He can see that Seamus was distracted by something else. He glances at the magic newspaper on the dinner table and for once he hopes to have a magic so he could burn the blasted thing with a glares. " Damn propaganda...," He still remembers the day Seamus show the first sign of accidental magic. It's quite the shocking experience he must say. But not shock enough no matter what Seamus say. He already knows the existence of the magic being the high ranking military personnel. At least, his wife isn't a terrorist or psychopath murderer. After the discovery, he pretty much let his wife take reign in educate Seamus in magic. While his wife teaches magic, he makes sure Seamus receive all the normal education necessarily. And self defense, how to handle weapons properly, explosions and some other things he can teach him. Not that his beloved wife know about that. "CLANG!" Mr Finnigan raises his eyebrows at his son clumsiness. From the first time he go Hogwarts, he makes sure that Seamus tell him everything. So he knows what happen at Hogwarts and by extension, the Wizarding World itself. Last year's had been a bad year for his friend, Harry. From what he glimpses at the Daily Prophets, they try to cover up by slandering Harry and the Headmaster. He snorts, what an idiotic moves, that going to bite their asses later. Unfortunately, his wife believes every spiel that written on that paper. Sometimes, he wonders about his wife sanity only to realize he had no right to talk about it. He quickly folds the newspaper and raise from the chair and walk toward his son. "Seamus, we need to talk son," XxxxXxxxXxxxX Seamus slams his face repeatedly into the pillow, trying to bury the need to screams in frustration. He mess up, big time with their conversation. He didn't mean to yell at Harry, he really didn't mean to. He just feels trouble by Umbridge speech at the Halls. When he looks straight into Harry eyes, he sees how Harry hurts by his word. Looks like his dad was right, the Ministry truly try to suppress the truth about Voldemort. He takes a deep breath and let it go slowly; tomorrow he will apologize to Harry earnestly. Tomorrow, he promises to himself. XxxxXxxxXxxxX Great Hall Ron pokes Harry and points his fork at the incoming storm. He can feel Harry stiffening at Seamus walking toward them. Both of them stay silent until Seamus stand beside them. "What you want Seamus?" ask Ron icily. "I want to apologize about last night. I shouldn't yell at you like that," "..." crap, Harry still angry. "Look, what I want to say last night is that while my mom trust the paper, my dad doesn't," "So?," less angry now. Good, good. "Well, my dad told me about this propaganda thing. Said that the Ministry do it just to discredit you, trying to cover up the truth," "And did you believe what your dad said?" "Yeah... I ... He's my dad, of course I believe him. Beside...," "Hhmm?" "We've been dorm mate for four... almost five years now. I think... I think I know you as much as Ron and Neville and..." "..." "And I don't think you're a liar or attention seeker or anything that the papers write about you," "You think a lot about this aren't you?" "It's a long summer," "Okay," "Okay?" "Yeah... I forgive you. I'm sorry too for what I said last night," "It's fine, don't mention it Harry," "Good, now sits both of you and eat or we're going to be late to class," "Who are you and what you have done with Ron?" "Har har har," XxxxXxxxXxxxX Funny how public apologize do to people, Seamus thought with a grins. Students start to treat Harry like normal (as normal as they can be) and some of them who reads Daily Prophet start questioning their credibility. Some still stubborn and blinds to Ministry deception, well most of them are Purebloods anyway, so there's nothing to lose. Harry even looks less stress and tense unlike the beginning at the Welcome Feast. Whatever the other House said, Gryffindor isn't oblivious and overall idiots (Hello! Genius Witch and Master of Pranksters here) they notice lots of thing. Like how harsh Harry punishment is different than other students. But they also know, Harry won't ask their help (noble idiot), so they start to leave certain items around. Like bandages, potions and sometimes food, luckily Harry never realize this but Hermione and Ron notice about that and grateful for their help. XxxxXxxxXxxxX "They want to start what Dean?," "DADA, practical only, Harry will tutor or teaching us," "Where do I need to sign?" XxxxXxxxXxxxX Seamus had to admits, Harry is a good teacher, patient even. A week had gone by and he had to admits, he learns more about than any DADA Professor had teach them (expect Professor Lupin). But still, as he watch Harry teaching all of their friends, he can help but something... lacking. That's something had approach him two days after that in the form of Ron during their chess game. "I ask Hermione about this self-defense thing that you talks during Snape beat up Lockhart," Ron said trying to look nonchalantly. Seamus looks at him for a while before look back at the board. "What you're thinking?" Ron move his pieces and looking please at himself. Sometimes, Seamus mused, he forgets that Ron is a genius in his own way. His brothers' achievement had over shadow his own achievement causing a great deal of damage on his self confident. Seamus can't help but wonder how many people see beneath his insecurity only to discover the real gem. Anndd... he needs to stop hanging with his father minions if he keeps thinking like that. "Do you think you can teach us some of the basic?" "What Harry says about this?" "He thinks it great ideas. Before you ask, Hermione and I already ask the others about this, none of them had any skills in self defense," "What make you thinks that I know?" Ron only gives him deadpanned stares at him. "Sometimes, you talk during in sleeps. Hermione told me that some of the words were designation for soldiers, and you said your dad is Muggle. So I assume your dad is Soldier with some high ranking position designation, so he must know how to fight and teach you about it," Seamus grins at Ron, it always fun to see when Ron had his own moment to shines. "Yeah, you're right about my dad. He did trains me on hand to hand combat when he back home," Dad also teach him other thing but that's not important anyway. "So can you teach us?" "Sure, why not," Watching all the students sprawled out on the mats, breathing heavily, Seamus can't help but grins widely at them. XxxxXxxxXxxxX "What that?" Seamus asks curiously at the old parchment on Harry bed. Harry looks at him startle before trying to hide the parchment. Seamus only rolls his eyes at Harry, who give him sheepish look at him. "It... It's a Hogwarts Map," Harry said hesitantly. "Where in the Merlin name that you get that? It could be useful on our first day here," he whines but stops a Harry defensive looks and the glares at him. "Its belong to my father, I just get it back two years ago," "Ohh... I'm sorry about that," "It's okay," "Can you show me how it's work?" Harry stays silent before nods at him. Seamus watch in awe as the inks start unravel the map. Dots of names slowly decorate the parchment. As he watches, ideas suddenly began to form in his mind. He looks at Harry before he speaks "Can the map single out one person only?" "Maybe? I don't know much about its function," "How about only certain path appears on the map?" Harry merely shrugs. But he also caught up with Seamus idea, the way he looks at the map as his mind runs miles of possibility. "What about duplicate the map?" "I have to ask them, I tell you later after the Christmas break," he didn't ask who are them, just merely nods and back to his bed, get ready to sleep. Turns out, the map can do all the above and Harry come back with at least ten copies of the map. XxxxXxxxXxxxX "Hey dad?" "Hhmm?" "What will you do if you had continued nightmare?" "Well... Maybe I tried to meditate before going to sleep," "Okay...," "And if it keeps bothering me, I imagine that I strangle the entire nightmare and..." "And?" "Release it into the Force," "Har... Har.. very funny dad," "Use the Force Seamus, the Force~~~, joking aside, tell Harry to meditate first before going to sleep, or thinking something happier to ward off the nightmare," *blink, blink* "Sure, I tell him that. Thanks dad," XxxxXxxxXxxxX "What this?" "Your second present," "Second Christmas present?" "Yup and I want you to open them at Hogwarts. Even then, make sure no one see it. Understood?" "Yes sir," XxxxXxxxXxxxX Seamus jaw drop as he watches the content of his second present. Gingerly he touch one of the silver cylinder with reverent. He does his best to take off his eyes from the present and read the cards had been left inside the box. " Son, use these present only when you really need it. Remember, it's not a toys and be careful," – Dad " These bloody thing better see a very good action, especially on those Death Eaters," – Mike " And here to my perish taught that you will escape you Father Insanity," – Sebs " Try not get yourself killed with these gift, because I have to patch you up later just to kill you for your own idiocy," JW Three Continent Seamus grins become wider at his father teammates word and death threat. He gently closes the box and put it under his bed and going to sleep with never ending grins on his face. XxxxXxxxXxxxX Most of the Sixth and Seven Years Muggleborn students gather around the map when Harry cut the training short. Mumble and whispers can be hears at the table. Unsurprised, Ron, Hermione and Seamus were among them. He didn't know when he considers Seamus as part of the team... no, that's a lies, Harry know when. When Seamus earnestly apologize at him during breakfast at Great Hall. He watches as the group decide to beef up the security, afraid that Umbridge will discover their so called illegal activity. Harry truly grateful to all of them, for helping him out and for that, he will try his best to train them to survive against the Dark Lord. He leans back at the oversize beanbag and let their voice wash over him. He ends up sleeping and for once there's no nightmare to disturb him. XxxxXxxxXxxxX They were in the middle of training when the Imperial March busts out from the hanging map at the wall. The Pureblood looks at each other in confuse, while some of the Half Blood and Muggleborn looks at the Map in horror. Harry quickly blows a whistle to gains their attention. "Seamus?" "ETA in forty minute Harry," "Okay listen all of you, tried not to panic. We will follow what we plan before in case something like this happen. Team leaders, you got maps with you? Good, three people a team and we're going to move now. Be careful and try not to get caught," Harry watch as the students slowly and silently out from the room leaving the three of them as the last one. With nods at each others, he pulls out