This first chapter is a quick overview of all the Tributes. I imagine it's from some posh Capital magazine or something. It's written in a more factual tone, but don't worry the rest of the story will (hopefully) have a stronger voice and more life. I'm going to try to give each character at least one POV, although many of them will be short, sweet, and to the point because no one wants to sit through 48 lengthy chapters from 48 different characters. This being said, many times, especially in the beginning, chapters will have various POV's instead of just one. This will slow down when we reach the Arena. Chapters will probably have only one or two different POV and be more detailed. This is a really long author's note. Others will probably not be this long. Thank you for giving this story a try and I am completely open to constructive criticism. Thanks and enjoy! J (forgive me if the format is weird this is my first time doing this and I am tragically horrible at using technology) District 1(Luxury)- Boys: *Kyanite Larimar - Volunteer (18) Kyanite is 18 years old. He is an only child and pampered by his parents. His father has pushed him to volunteer for years, while his timid mother has quietly attempted to influence him against The Games. He has the bluest eyes imaginable. His skin is pale, but beautiful. The only dark features he possesses are his long lashes and short, strait hair. Kyanite is generally a polite and charming boy, but many sense a storm brewing inside of him. *Platinum Nephrite – Volunteer (15) Despite his young age, Platinum is feared by many. His nearly white hair is always perfectly styled into sharp spikes upon his head. His colorless skin is pulled tightly over sharp bones, making him appear skinny and ill, which he is not. His pale green eyes beam intelligence as equally as they beam insanity. Platinum's older sister, similar in appearance and age, won The Games just two years ago. Now he is determined as ever to win during the Quarter Quill and prove himself superior. Girls: *Emerald Pyrite – Volunteer (16) Emerald's greatest attribute is her beauty. Her long, straight hair holds tones of silver and gold, her skin is as clear and smooth as porcelain. Her eyes are a vibrant emerald, for which she was named, and surrounded by pale, thick lashes. Her build is narrow and petite, which makes her seem weak and innocent. In reality, she is is packed with tight muscles and deadly with multiple weapons. Emerald is fiercely competitive but easily charmed and tricked, which many fear will be her downfall. *Ruby Star – Volunteer (17) -Ruby has quickly become a favorite to win. She glows with confidence. Her tall, slender frame holds posture even members of the Capital cannot match. She walks so lightly her feet seemed to glide, hardly touching the ground. Her hair is thick, bright red, and curly. Her eyes are almond shaped and so dark they are nearly black. Ruby has been raised in one of the most well-known and beloved families in the District. Her mother had won The Games years ago by using her wit and her beauty to gain the largest number of sponsors of any tribute to date. Rumor has it, that sponsors are already lining up for this rising star. District 2(Masonry)- Boys: *Lincoln Tag – Volunteer (18) -Lincoln proves to be pure intimidation. He is tall and well built, with wide shoulders and strong arms. His skin is the color of rich mocha and riddled with tattoos, which he claims all have deep personal significance. Lincoln hails from one of the poorer families in the District. His parents both died two years ago in a tragic fire. Luckily, his four younger siblings, ranging from ages fifteen to seven, and himself were not on the premise when the fire began. While he values fairness, he is also extremely loyal and protective. He volunteered in hopes he could bring home wealth and security for his family. *Caine Armani –Volunteer (18) -Caine has lived a vastly dissimilar life from his fellow District tribute. He has lived a life of wealth and luxury. Being part of one of the wealthiest families in the District has greatly affected him. He holds himself with confidence and power. His build is average, but his face is stunning. Dark hair rests just below his ears, curling at the ends and near the back of his neck. Dark blue eyes are both intelligent and commanding. Caine is charming and well-mannered and proves himself a front runner for The Games. Girls: *Lotus Winston –Volunteer (17) -Lotus seems to be the coldest and most calculated tribute yet. She is vain, and rightly so. Her hair is white and hangs in loose waves just past her shoulder blades. Her eyes, a biting blue, harshly take in all the details they can. Her pretty lips are set in a permanent scowl. Tall and curvy with an impossibly tiny waist, she proves to be one of the sexier tributes. Lotus will most likely use this sexiness to win her sponsors, as her personality is not typically what they respond to. *Atalanta Cartier –Volunteer (17) -Atalanta is one of the most talked about tributes from The Reaping. She made quite the statement when she challenged her sister who also volunteered. The argument was settled with a dual in hand to hand combat. Atalanta seemed to easily win the dual and claimed her spot as the fourth tribute from her District. She is from one of the most famous families in Panem. Both her mother and her father won their games, along with her older brother who won his Games four years ago. Atalanta has a timeless beauty, though some may find her appearance slightly bland. She is of average height and has a curvy yet slim frame. Her dark brown hair is strait and reaches her lower back. While the majority of her features are bland, her large eyes are stunning. Many anticipate learning more about this intriguing tribute. District 3(Technology)- Boys: *Felix Rhodes (13) Felix, despite being one of the youngest tributes this year, is being looked over quite easily. He is short, having yet not hit his growth spurts, and scrawny. Large, brown eyes make him appear even younger than he is. The second his name reached the escorts lips, he fell to the ground crying and begging for mercy. Many assume that Felix will be killed during the Cornucopia fight; so naturally, they are not interested in this child. *Clifford Stuart (15) Clifford is unusually tall for his age, coming in at six feet and two inches, but it is debatable if his height will offer many advantages. He did not cry when he was Reaped, but quietly accepted his fate. It is speculated he may be surprisingly tough during The Games. He would more likely be popular if not for his homely appearance. Girls: *Emily Olivia –Volunteer (17) Emily has successfully stolen the Capital's heart by volunteering for her greatest companion. Emily was born into an orphanage, as was her friend. With pale hair and skin, a small frame, and quiet blue eyes she is normally overlooked. Her friend, Lily, in comparison, is tall, has fiery hair, large amounts of freckles and stunning green eyes, making it nearly impossible for her not to be seen. When Lily was reaped both herself and Emily were frozen in fear, but in a courageous and heartbreaking show of love and friendship, Emily volunteered for Lily. While widely loved, many do not see poor, sweet Emily going far in The Games. *Nora Constance (18) Nora could easily be a beauty. Soft, thick hair curls down just past her collarbone. Dark blue eyes are hidden by a hideous pair of glasses, but that can always be fixed. While Nora quietly cried when her name was pulled at The Reaping, she held her head high and was extremely polite. Many in the Capital are excited to see if this timid, studious teen can become a beautiful, powerful, warrior. District 4(Fishing)- Boys: *Calder Bythos (18) Calder is the only non-volunteer tribute from his District this year. His hair is blonde and shaggy, falling into is green eyes. His skin is a deep gold with light freckles scattered all over hi his body. Tall and muscular, he radiates masculinity. Calder comes from a modest fishing family. He is the youngest of three brothers. His father died when he was young, but his mother, of whom he is a spitting image, is both very alive and very optimistic. Calder is charming and it seems the Capital has already fallen for his perfect smile. *Ladon Pallas – Volunteer (17) Ladon comes from a wealthy family of entrepreneurs. He is an only child and plans to make a name for himself by volunteering for the games. He is nearly identical in appearance to Calder, save for his bright blue eyes. Not much is known about Ladon. It seems he is keeping very private as a strategy for The Games. Girls: *Amphitrite Palaemon -Volunteer (16) Amphitrite is a very lively and outgoing young lady. Her crystal blue eyes shine with joy. Her long blonde hair is almost always worn up in a fashionable style. She claims she has always felt a strong urge to participate in the games. Her District has seen more volunteers than ever in the past years. Amphitrite was very excited to see many were worried about the twist in The Games this year, and she finally got an opening to volunteer. Great things are expected from her. *Delphine Lamia – Volunteer (18) Delphine has quite a refreshing look from the average District 4 tribute. She was born into a wealthy family and has no need to work outdoors. This causes her to have fairly pale skin. Her hair is light brown and cut in a stylish bob. Delphine, much like Amphitrite has always wanted to participate in The Games. Unlike Amphitrite, she has waited as long as possible to volunteer to ensure that she obtained enough training to win. Delphine, obviously cunning, is one to watch. District 5(Power)- Boys: *Ander Barrett – (16) Ander is a very serious and intelligent young man, raised by very serious and intelligent parents. He is fairly handsome, though not overly so. Brown hair cut impeccably falls just above his pretty blue eyes. A self-proclaimed realist, Ander feels that while his chances are not great, he is hopeful he may be able to pull out a win by using his wit. *Easton Graham – (15) Not much is to be said about Easton Graham. His features are so plain it is easy to forget his appearance, as he almost seems to blur around the edges. His reaction to being Reaped was perfectly average and it is assumed he will have a perfectly average death. Girls: *Isabelle Nicole – (12) Isabelle is the youngest tribute of the year. If she has not gained full support from members of the Capital, she has at least earned their pity. Short in stature, with large blue, glassy eyes, she resembles a porcelain doll more than she does a little girl. Her adoring parents and older brother are devastated, but little Isabelle may get help from her many sponsors. *Sophie Quinn – (14) Not as smart as Ander and not as pretty as Isabelle, Sophie is barely a step ahead of Easton. She does have one advantage; her independence. Sophie has no family and seemingly no friends. She has lived her short life looking out and providing for herself. This may be a great advantage in The Games. District 6(Transportation)- Boys: *Axel Harrison (18) With his mixture of humor and simple charm, Axel is becoming one of the most liked tributes this year. His dark blonde hair is cut in a simple style and his brown eyes are squinty in