Disclaimer: I obviously do not own Twilight or else I would be too busy spending money and having sex with Rob to post fanfiction. -x- The Slowest Burn That awkward moment when… you realize he's not just a one night stand. Ch. 1: Suspicious Character Everyone who is anyone knows to meet at Giovanni's Pizzeria before a big game at Forks High. Like clockwork, the football team floods in through the front door. Loud and rambunctious, they plant themselves at the back of the restaurant to wait out the cheerleaders, who gracefully take their rightful place at the popular table in the back. The other members of the high school elite are left on the fringe, circling the rest of the seats like vultures before finally landing in order of social importance. Everyone gossips, flirts and eats while deciding whose house to party at afterwards. Call it tradition if you want, but it happens every game night. Tonight is no different. It's cold when I step outside my best friend Rosalie's pearl colored Mercedes, and I immediately tug and pull at my short cheerleading skirt, futilely trying to obtain coverage against the bracing chill. I have Jasper Whitlock's letterman jacket on, but my legs are still freezing. I shiver as I pull the thick jacket around myself and scurry forward to follow behind Rosalie's golden mane. She turns to glance over her shoulder to see if I'm behind her and pauses to hold her hand out for me to take. When I do, she pulls me forward to link our arms together. "Try not to dottle, bitch. We're late enough as it is," she huffs in exasperation before yanking me through the glass doors that lead into Giovanni's. The atmosphere hits me like a slap to the face; the smell of cheese and pepperoni mixed with perfume and cologne, the loud, full laughter of my peers. This was a place of cheerful merriment, a veritable elixir of youth. I should be happy too, right? Everyone else seems to be. Why not me? "Okay," suddenly Rosalie's mouth is at my ear as we near the athlete table, "there's Jasper at the end. Slip in beside him and play it cool. Do not mention anything about giving his jacket back or even the fact that you have it on. Just be casual and…" she pauses to look down at me because she's so tall, "s hit, you're going to fuck this up, aren't you?" she frowns and shakes her head. I roll my eyes and ignore her while I push my way through my fellow peers, smiling and saying hello whenever prompted. Happy face on, cheerleader Bella- engage! When I finally reach Jasper's side, he scoots over and gives me this knowing look. Like he knows we're going to be a couple by the end of the night. He'll probably throw a touchdown and point me out afterwards. He's known for it. It feels weird to look at him and see the rest of my senior year mapped out in front of me. "Hey you," he winks at me, and to my utter shock, leans over to press his lips to my cheek. "For a minute, I didn't know if you were going to come tonight," he wears a half smirk while he says this and then grabs his drink from the table and chugs. Wispy sandy strands, full luscious lips, soulful gray eyes and a stunning build is what makes Jasper Whitlock a total babe. Throw in the fact that he's rich, privileged and the town's star quarterback, and you have Fork High's most eligible bachelor. He could solidify my spot at the top of the totem pole. I may be a cheerleader that hangs out with the popular crowd and is invited to all the cool parties, but in no way do I get red carpet treatment at school or the same respect either. I'll never really be one of them . Not even being Rosalie Hale's best friend could help me when it came to the constant cold shoulders I received from the rest of the cheer squad. I wasn't rich, I didn't grow up in wealth and I never descended a staircase at a debutante ball. My dad is Charlie Swan, the town Chief of Police—population… embarrassingly low. In fact, I didn't even grow up in Forks. I grew up in Arizona with my mother until I hit puberty and we became mortal enemies up until she met 'the one,' in which case I was shipped off to live with my dad while she played house with her new husband. My first year in Forks was a blur because I was a blur. I was invisible. I was quiet and mousy and sometimes, even now, I still am. I didn't mind at first, but eventually I got tired of having no friends and nothing to do on the weekends. I also got tired of my dad always asking me why I was home all the time and my mom's constant nagging about her popular days in high school. The only easy way in for me was through cheerleading, because there was no way in hell that I would have gotten a football player to date me back then. In Phoenix, I was an excellent gymnast. So naturally, I knew I could flip around in a mini skirt easily. All I had to do was be enthusiastic about it, right? Rosalie Hale, one of the most popular girls in school, didn't even know who I was until I walked into tryouts that day two years ago and floored her and her co-captain with my routine. It was truly a surreal experience, that try out was. I'd felt like Eliza Dushku in Bring It On! because no one had voted me in except for Rose. She hadn't been cheer captain yet because she was only a sophomore like me at the time, but she was still being groomed for the throne. So, when the cheer captain turned to her and asked what she thought, Rose then turned to me and said with a gleam in her blue eyes, "Y ou're in . Welcome to popularity, sweetheart. " And I was. -x- "Hey Belly Boo," Emmett McCarty's dimpled face comes into view over Jasper's shoulder. I'm momentarily disoriented because I have no idea where I am. Then I remember its game night and I'm in my cheer uniform. I flinch when I suddenly feel warm fingers trickle up my thigh, and my eyes immediately dart to Jasper. For a second, I can't believe I'm here. I used to have the hugest crush on Jasper when I was a freshman and sophomore. Back then he was dating Maria Santos, a girl who would ultimately dump him the morning she graduated Forks High. It was actually kind of sad, because he'd been really heartbroken. I'd never seen a guy cry before that day. So now he's free to touch who he wants, and he wants to touch me of all people. "Hey Emmy," I call back to my big bear of a friend. He has it bad for Rose, but she'll never date a jock. He knows that, but he still dreams. "Good luck tonight," I smile over at him and ignore the fact that Jasper's hand is traveling higher under my shirt. "Don't need it babe," Emmett winks playfully, "we always beat La Push." He turns around and starts talking to his teammates again, leaving me alone with Jasper and his wandering fingers, which are now dangerously close to the promised land. I suck in a quick breath which makes him chuckle like I've done something cute. "Jas…" I gulp and close my eyes while his fingers trace circles on the inside of my right thigh. I feel his breath at my ear, then behind my ear and then down my neck. I shiver at the sensation- it feels really good when he does that. Then I remember we're in a room full of people who are probably pretending not to see what's going on between us. But I know that come Monday morning? Everyone at school will assume we hooked up. Actually, we probably will. Rosalie says I need to lose my virginity before I become a prude. She thinks Jasper is perfect for the job. It's funny because before I knew him on a personal level, I used to fantasize about him doing just that. Taking my virtue. Defiling my innocence. Making me a woman… …But not here. "Jasper, stop," I whimper and turn my face to look at him. He's so close our noses touch and it should be romantic and cute and I should blush, but I'm fucking terrified in that moment. My heart feels like it's going to burst through my chest. It's suffocating in the restaurant and I feel like I can't breathe. My eyes dart around in search of Rosalie but she's nowhere to be found, not that she'd come and rescue me or anything. She'd be pissed if I ruined this opportunity. "What?" he whispers against my cheek and presses a soft kiss there. "What's wrong?" his voice is low and thoughtful but I know he honestly doesn't care. He thinks I'm just nervous, which I probably am. His hand slides out from beneath my skirt and reaches up to cup my face. "Hey," he says to me more softly than before. I gulp and stare at my hands in my lap. If I look up, we'll kiss. If we kiss, we're together. Everyone knows Jasper is a relationship kind of guy. He doesn't do casual dating, he skips the entire 'talking' process and dives straight into coupledom. How do I know if I even want that? I start trembling slightly, and I think Jasper thinks it's because I'm turned on. So he buries his nose in the crook of my neck and then I feel something warm and wet and— oh my god! "Jasper!" I yelp at him when I realize he's just licked me. He laughs softly at me and brushes my hair from my face, "Relax babe, I won't do anything naughty in front of everyone. I promise," he smirks and kisses the tip of my nose, "but you're just so damn sexy in that skirt," his eyes travel down to my exposed legs. I don't take compliments very well, so I blush and turn my head to look anywhere else but at him. Luckily, Emmett chooses right then to ask him about the game tonight and Jaspers attention switches to captain mode. His hand, however, goes back to my leg and lingers there without movement except for his thumb which strokes my skin over and over again. I close my eyes, take a deep breath and when I open them, I swear to god my entire body freezes in place. Messy bronze hair, piercing green eyes, hard scowl on his face… Edward Cullen. He scares the ever-loving shit out of me. The last time I had seen him, he was beating some guy close to death while everyone else cheered the fight on. I'd been so disgusted that I left without ever remembering I was the DD that night. From now on, every time I see him, I can only ever think of that night and the way his eyes had gone black with rage. Right now he's talking to two other guys that I know are Royce King and Jacob Black. It's rare to see either of them without the other. They live in La Push, but have a loyal 'customer' base here in Forks. "Oh, shit yeah . Cullen's here," I hear someone say with a mixture excitement and relief. Clearly, someone needs their next fix. I turn to see who it is, but suddenly Rosalie materializes beside me and pulls me up to my feet. "I'm ready to go," she says in bored tones, but her eyes