The Curious Case of Benjamin Benjamin's POV . الانجراف على نهر Drift on a river الذي يتدفق عبر ذراعي That flows through my arms الانجراف كما أنا الغناء لك Drift as I'm singing to you أراك مبتسما I see you smiling حتى السلمية والهدوء So peaceful and calm وعقد لكم، وأنا مبتسمة، أيضا And holding you, I'm smiling too هنا في ذراعي Here in my arms في مأمن من كل مكروه Safe from all harm عقد لكم، وأنا مبتسمة، أيضا Holding you, I'm smiling too That's what my Ummi used to sing to me before I went to sleep. Before my life went in another direction. Since my Ummi died, I was sent to live with my Uncle, Narmer, as I didn't know who my Abbi was. He had me busk with him since I was 7, singing and dancing for money. It was 3 years later when I met her. The one I knew I wanted to spend my life with. I was 10 and she was 7, but I knew she was the one. Tia was a girl who had olive skin, very similar to my own. Her face was framed with long, midnight-coloured hair that reached the middle of her back. At the time, she was 7, but she longed for company as she was alone. I was the one who got to share a room with her, as I was the only one who had their own room. At first I was quite annoyed that I had to share a room with a girl. I wasn't the one to want company, let alone a girl's company, but when I met her, I changed my mind immediately. At first she was shy, only answering my questions, never asking any in return. After about 2 days I got quite annoyed as I was always asking questions, but I learned never to underestimate her. She was capable of asking questions, she just needed some time to warm up to me. Within a week, we were having full length conversations like we had known each other for years. Whenever we had to perform, she was always called first before me and I never knew why until I listened to her sing. She had the voice of an angel and I couldn't help but wonder how she learned to sing like that. By the time I was 13 and she was 10, she was well on her way to staying with Uncle Narmar, and I was well on my way out the door, as I was useless in my Uncle's eyes. It wasn't until I discovered that I could control fire that I agreed with him. Tia was the first person I showed. I trusted her the most out of all my cousins that were with my uncle. She was the one I spent most of my time with. I showed her how I could move the fire with my hands and she was stunned. After getting over the initial shock, she informed me that I should show Uncle Narmar. She told me that this might keep us together. I smiled and I believed her. It was in that moment, when I showed Uncle Narmar my ability, which my life changed drastically. I knew it would change, but to be honest, I didn't think it would change this much. After I showed my Uncle what I could do, he always called on me first. Tia didn't mind, as she knew we would stay together, but no one could foresee what happened next. It was 1807. I had turned 15 3 months ago. Tia and I had celebrated it in our room. Not a very big celebration. Just Tia and me. Uncle called on me to perform that day. Uncle had taught me things to do with fire, and I was bringing him lots of money. I think he was just greedy and didn't really like me. No one else did, aside from Tia. That day I performed, there were two hooded people in the crowd. I wouldn't have thought anything of it, but hardly anyone in Egypt wore hoods in the middle of the day. It was way too hot. But after I started performing, I forgot all about them. By the time I had finished, they had disappeared. After I had finished, I ran back to the room, to find Tia was sitting on her bed, waiting patiently for me. I had invited her out for a swim in the Nile. Tia had to leave about an hour after we got there, but I stayed, dipping my feet in the cool water. I didn't see Tia when I got back. I didn't go to our room where she was probably practicing her new song she had been learning. Instead, I went to Uncle Narmar's room to ask him if I could sing with Tia in the next show. When I got there, though, he had company. The two hooded figures looked up as I walked into the room, as if they were talking about me. I closed the door behind me and Uncle Narmar offered me a seat on his couch next to him. It was then that the taller figure killed him. Bright red eyes. Staring right back at me. I shivered as they blinked with hunger. I didn't have long. In the middle of nowhere, there weren't many hiding places, especially when someone was following you. The red eyed monster took a deep breath and then pounced. I woke up. It was all a dream, I kept telling myself. I tried to sit up, but found my head was hurting. Concussion, I thought to myself as I lay back down on the ground, more than happy to rest. What had happened? I probably hit my head, I thought. I turned my head to the side. It was pitch black. It must have been midnight by now. What had happened? I remember yesterday, when Tia and I were walking down the bank of the Nile. I had been bored at home, so I had invited Tia for a swim. When we got down there, I had noticed something different. Something I couldn't quite put my finger on. I tried to sit up again, this time succeeding, using my hands to push me up. I sat cross-legged in the spot for a minute before I heard a voice calling my name. I looked around to find the owner of the voice, but I couldn't see anyone. I hoped it was Tia coming to find me. This voice, though, was not familiar to me. I tried to call out for help, but I couldn't speak. I felt like my throat was on fire. As the voice drifted closer, I heard a more distinctive noise. It wasn't a voice, though. It was the sound of a door opening. "Benjamin," a new voice called, much closer this time. I looked up and noticed a man walking towards me, with a woman close behind. I couldn't see them very well, but by the clothes they were wearing, they looked like the people from the show. I stared at him, not saying anything. The longer I stared at him the more I could make out his facial features. He was clearly Egyptian, as he not only spoke the language, but his face structure resembled that of an Egyptian. On top of that, I could make out a moustache that was the same colour as his hair – black. "Benjamin," the voice said again, this time more calm. "I'll bet you're wondering where you are." Instead of answering, my lips drew back to reveal my teeth and I growled at him. The man nodded at me with a smile on his face and stood up. He turned his head to the woman and said in Arabic, "I think he is hungry. Maybe you should hunt for him while I have a talk with this newborn." The woman nodded and left the room leaving me alone with the man. He turned back to me, with a hint of curiosity on his face. "Benjamin," he started, cautiously. "My name is Amun and I am a vampire." He sat me down and talked to me. Amun talked about what I had become and he told me about a group of vampires called the Volturi, who would want to steal me away. He told me that they were made up of vampires that had special abilities, like me. Amun told me that I could control fire – I remember that bit of my human life – but he had potential for me. He believed that I would be able to do much more now that I was a vampire – and he was right. After a few weeks in Amun's basement, I began to realise that the dust was beginning to move and there was a breeze in the air. When I noticed it, it always stopped, but after a few more days, I realised that it was me that was creating the breeze. After 3 months, I was able to control not just fire and wind, but earth and water as well! When this discovery was made by Amun, he was overjoyed. "There is more to him then I thought," I heard Amun say to Kebi – his wife – one night. "He has potential." I didn't hear Kebi's response – I haven't heard her speak since the first night I met her – but I don't think she would have disagreed with him. After 3 years of becoming a vampire, I began to think of Tia again. I missed her and I really wanted to see her again. I didn't want to tell Amun about her, but he made me feel like I could tell him anything. I told him about who I used to be, what I did as a human, and, more importantly, who I loved. When I finished telling him about my human life, I asked for permission to look for Tia. "Benjamin," he told me. "You have to understand something. The Volturi will find you if you leave. I am sorry, but have to stay here." I nodded, but I never gave up. No matter how many times I asked him, the answer was always 'no'. One night when Amun was out hunting, and Kebi was watching me, I decided that it was my chance to leave. She was standing across the room from me, but never taking her eyes of me. I glanced above her head to find that the roof of the basement was made of thick rocks. I kept a straight face as I was glad that I would be able to leave. I closed both of my hands, focused on the spot just above Kebi's head and, just like it always had, the rocks started to fall. Kebi noticed, but she was too late as the wall of rocks forming around her was too fast for her. When the rocks finished forming a wall around Kebi's body, I smiled to myself and sprinted out the door. When I opened Amun's front door, I was shocked to see that was about 2 hours till dawn. I decided that I would only move at night, as I didn't want Amun to get into trouble with the Volturi. I was nervous leaving Amun's house, but I knew that I wouldn't be gone longer than a month. I breathed in the air, and, for the first time in 5 years, I stepped outside on the golden sand. I found Tia in Suez two weeks after I had left Amun's house. She lived in a house and had a husband. As soon I made this discovery, I stopped in my tracks. Tia was safe. The realisation hit me like the rocks hit Kebi. I wanted her, but she was happy here. I didn't know what to do. I sat in her bushes for two nights,