AN: I'm making a disclaimer now, which stands for all chapters. 1) I am not a man. I am therefore not Rick Riordan. I like writing stories about heroines, not heroes. 2) This story is purposely written like FemPercy could have written it…that means that no, the grammar isn't perfect, and yeah, I didn't go back and edit. I am, however, a decent writer for first-drafts and trying to be careful of the changes I make for story continuity. Complaining won't get you anywhere. It's intentional, and I'm fully aware that this won't be my finest piece of work. But it fits the style. 3) This story is meant to be humorous, from a 1st person past tense perspective. You will not understand this story if you haven't read all of the books currently released in Percy Jackson's world. I am not writing out the whole books as an AU. Just snippets, introducing my characterization, my changes to the story and such. Whole books may be missing. 4) I do not take relationship requests for the main characters. Think of something that might work for side characters and you can suggest it, and why it works, but I make no promises for using it. If you inspired me, I will acknowledge that. Otherwise: enjoy your reading. -Cyrene Jackson- Dear Diary, I always think of myself as someone with a mixed bag of luck. Lucky: my mom, Sally Jackson, is awesome. She makes blue chocolate chip cookies, works at a candy store and brings me home "free samples" and is the nicest lady a girl could ask for. Our idea of bonding time is baking cookies, throwing darts, and going bowling at the local cheap-o alley. Not Lucky: My mom hasn't had an easy life. Her parents died in a plane accident when she was 5, her uncle took her in, but then she had to drop out of high school to take care of him because he was dying of cancer. So no diploma, no real prospects…she meets my dad. Who blah-blah-blah sounds like a great guy: only he didn't stick around. I really wish he had, because if he had my mom wouldn't be married to Smelly Gabe. Extraordinarily unlucky: Smelly Gabe is my stepfather. He drinks too much beer, smokes cigars in the house and gambles on poker so much that I'm surprised we still have the apartment. My mom has to pay all the bills; he uses his paycheck (which I have no idea how he's still collecting) for his own self and not a penny on the needs of the three of us. Quite frankly, I hate the guy and it's all I can do not to punch him. Lucky: I'm away at boarding school most of the year. That means I don't have to see Smelly Gabe a lot. And here is where my luck goes from leaning-bad to a whole lot of crazy: my name is Cyrene Jackson (maybe you've heard of me on the news…) and I am a demigod. You might think wow, I bet she's got superpowers and is totally awesome! Or scoff and say yeah right, or you might think that everything comes to me on a silver …or gold, platter. Well….here's the reality: yes, superpowers. Awesome. Silver platter? Ha! As if the Greek gods ever let their kids have an easy life. No, my life comes with monsters who hunt me down, thinking its chow time on pizza day at the school cafeteria. In other words, I smell like a whole lot of yum to them. I first began to figure out something was strange, that maybe I wasn't normal, when my pre-algebra teacher tried to kill me when I was 12 (okay, my birthday is in August, and it wasn't August yet, but I didn't want to be seen as 11)…and I killed her instead. Now, I'm no stranger to getting in trouble at school (hey, I'm dyslexic and ADHD! Cut me a break! Though…I've been expelled from 7 schools so far…yep, kindergarten through grade 6. So maybe I accidentally fired a cannon at a school bus once, but who leaves a loaded cannon at a public historic monument? Is this a record, 7 schools?) But turning my teacher into dust wasn't normally my style. And yet, on a field trip to a museum for Latin class (no, I suck at Latin) my pre-algebra teacher was being all pissy and summoned me with the come-hither-look-of-doom that always precedes long detentions, suspensions and expulsions. I was hoping for detention. I kinda liked Yancey Academy—I had a good friend Grover (sure he's a guy, but I'm not much of a girly-girl), and really liked my Latin teacher. Then, suddenly, standing in between all the old Greek steles and drawings…my teacher turned into a bat from hell. Then Mr. Brunner, my Latin threw me a pen that turned into a sword and… SWING! I killed my teacher. Awesome, right? But suddenly I was standing there holding a pen, thinking I'd gone crazy. The next few months only got worse. Three old ladies knitting a really big whacked-out sock, which I decided might fit Godzilla. My best friend trying to stalk me all the way home in a panic—yeah, Grover's cool and all, but I ditched him. I did not want to try to introduce him to Smelly Gabe (the pig seriously asked me for money when I got home, and had left smelly boxers, beer cans, muddy footprints, and moldy pizza boxes all over my room. EWWW). To sum it up: the end of my school year had SUCK written all over it. And I haven't even mentioned old bull-head. Yeah…see Mom and I went on vacation to our favorite beach in Montauk as soon as I got back, taking Smelly Gabe's Camaro. Only I woke up with weird dreams of a horse and eagle trying to kill each other in the surf-and when I opened my eyes a hurricane was blowing in. So much for weather men: that was NOT on their Doppler radar. Next thing I know my stalker-friend Grover shows up with no pants—rude right? I mean, I'm a girl he's a….not guy, apparently. Satyr. Whatever. He had goat legs and smelled like wet barnyard animal. Not my favorite scent. And he was pretty sure we were being chased and had to get out of there. Sure enough, I'm getting some explaining done in the car, and then we hear something behind us and I'm thinking, oh crap! Guess this isn't a hallucination after all…no way I dreamed that ugly up. We were being chased by something that probably stood ten foot tall, counting something poky coming up off of the shaggy black torso. To make a painful story short: KaBOOM . Lightning threw the Camaro off the road (sorry Smelly Gabe, no small scratch. Just a hole in the room and the car exploding a minute or two later…whoops?) Then mom and I are attempting to haul Grover's sorry ass up the hill, him having passing out and drooling about food. Great, the guy's hungry. Maybe that means the Minotaur that was chasing us like we're chocolate and he's a PMSing rabid cheerleader won't think he is a worthy target. Didn't really matter, Mom yelled at us to separate. I was pretty stupid and did so—next thing I know Mom's yelling "Go," and vanishes in the grip of the Minotaur. My mind numbly realizes she's gone. Dead. And then I go from shocked to pissed off as the beast turns to face Grover, still drooling and groaning. And I did something really dumb. As the rain pounded down on my skin, I yelled at the beast, drawing its attention toward me. "Hey you big bully! Yeah you, ground beef for brains! Too afraid to pick on somebody who is awake? Ha! You're probably a big momma's boy too—bet you even look like her—you big UGLY." Yeah, that did it. The bull but all of its weight (baby elephant maybe?) and charged at me, and I'm standing right in front of this tall pine, waving my raincoat and muttering, "Toro, dear god I hope this works." Praying might not have helped. The bull was smarter than to let me dodge to the sides. 2 choices, duck and get kicked or…. Somehow I kicked off the tree, grabbed onto him, and twisted myself around so I was riding the bull's shoulders. Safe? No, next second the thing slammed his head into the tree making me bite right through my lip. The taste of blood filled my mouth, and I was dazed for a moment. The good luck: bull seemed to think I had disappeared. Not smart enough to realize I was ON it. The bad luck: the bull once again aimed itself for Grover. No way was I letting a second person get killed by this beast that was chasing me. I grabbed a horn as hard as I could, trying to pull its head around. Then, SNAP, I was flying through the air and the Minotaur was blubbering like a cow. I really caught the bully's attention all right. In my hand was the horn—must not have been as strong as I thought. But as the bull charged me one last time, I gulped, spat out some blood, and hoped it was strong enough for what I was about to do. Otherwise we were all dead. Here's some awesome luck: it was strong enough. The bull charged right into its own horn and impaled itself, turning to dust. (which got in my mouth, maybe I should downgrade this to luck?) There I stood on the hilltop, near this pine tree, shaped perfectly like a Christmas tree. Mom was gone (and I was sobbing alright, at this point. Hey, I'm a girl, cut me some slack! My mom just died and a monster straight out of Greek mythology attacked me.) I don't know how long it took, but soon enough I had dragged Grover down the hill to the farm house, where Mom had told me we were going, where we'd be safe. I was exhausted, crying, with a half dozen nasty scrapes, and already stiffening from being thrown from the Minotaur. The world was going fuzzy, blood dripped into my eye from a gash on my forehead (I vaguely remembered my head hurting when I got thrown), and the last thing I remember was a large shadow, and blonde curls leaning over my face. " Gods!" a voice proclaimed. A girl. "Is she the one? Is it beginning?" The large shadow spoke, "Shh, she's still conscious…" As the shadow leaned over me, I was gone. -Cyrene Jackson- I woke up to sunshine and a headache. At first I thought it was all a dream. Then I looked around the room, and saw the horn sitting on the bedside table. Tears began to leak out of my eyes, which I quickly brushed away as I heard footsteps nearby and the door creaked. In came Grover, complete with fuzzy legs. I sniffled one last time (for now) and gave Grover a pretty pathetic smile. He sat down on the edge of my bed and held a glass out for me. I wrapped two hands around the glass, and at his urging took a sip through the straw. I nearly dropped the cup in shock: it tasted just like my mom's blue chocolate chip cookies. My face must have looked bewildered because Grover explained. "It's nectar. Don't drink too much or…well, it's not good. But I'm told it tastes like something you love." "It does," I whispered sadly, and slowly nursed the taste. It might be my last taste of the cookies mom and I used to make together. Even having just recovered, my ADHD didn't let me remain in bed long. Soon enough I was up and about getting the tour and explanation of what had happened and where I