Mockingbird ~*~ Legolas Greenleaf long under tree In joy thou hast lived. Beware of the sea! If thou hearest the cry of the gull on the shore, Thy heart shall then rest in the forest no more. ~*~ In the wake of Mithrandir's death, Legolas hears the jaeger. Grieving runs long and ravine-deep through an Elf; a seventh sense that tastes like salt and rushes like a river undammed. He herds the Hobbits along and feels the mourning in his chest echo with the weight of his father's stare: do not love too deeply the mortals. He looks over the curl-topped heads of his charges – so short, are the Hobbits, like bonsai trimmed and compacted – and sees the Dwarf ahead, and the Men, and where before he was learning to see the Fellowship, now he sees only the Hobbits, and the Dwarf, and the Men. The Maia is dead. The Maia, perhaps, would have best understood. Rock and grassland stretch long under their feet. The sun shines through a haze, and in the far-off distance the first shimmers of Lothlórien ghost his senses. The forest beckons in shades of gold and the shadow-dappled haven of the canopy; he barely feels it. Immortality cleaves, thick and choking. He is one-thousand and eight years young, and he has seen three-thousand, six-hundred and ninety-two deaths. Do not love too deeply the mortals! Whom does he mourn – the Maia for his death, or the mortals for their ability to die? "Say, look at that!" The youngest Hobbit points to the sky, voice ringing clearer with delight than it has in the days since their departure from the caves. "Eh, where now-" "There!" In his his excitement, he cuts off his friend and waves a wild hand to the sky. A dark speck tilts and careens on the chill air; Legolas watches it as if from across a gulf. "A bird! And 'ere I was beginning to doubt we'd ever see another living thing this side of the mountain-" the Hobbit stops abruptly, grief remembered, and like wilting shoots he and his fellows forget the sky, and the bird, and look to the ground in silence. But Legolas does not. Movements slow with burgeoning suspicion, he takes arrow to string. The Dwarf, pained and squinting in the harsh daylight but yet keensighted, catches the movement. "Elf?" He must look rather serious, for the Dwarf refrains, for once, from pointed comments on Elven flightiness and unreliability of character. His pause causes the halt of the rest, and now the Men, too, look to the sky. But they will not be able to see, as he can, the white underbelly beneath each smooth wingbeat, nor the black cap-like patch of the head, nor the thin, delicate tail streaming behind it as a steadfast guiding pennant. Shoot it! But he doesn't. "Worry not," in soft distraction he tells the Dwarf, voice like a hum. His breath is no more than the stir of a petal's fall in the brittle air. He watches. Perhaps mourning casts a greater shroud over his spirit than he realizes, because even as he recognizes it from tales – he, sharpest of eye and quickest of motion – does not shoot down that which would pull him from his quest, that would call him away from his forests – this harbinger of the Sea. It wheels closer. The company watches him, or the sky, or both, as to their nature. Silent and willow-supple, he draws the arrow back fully and sights along its path. The bird enters firing range. He can let go, right now, and strike it down – or he can let it cry out, just once, just let himself hear it only once – Shoot it! "Shoot it!" The ranger cries, nocking a sudden arrow of his own with movements hastened in alarm; seeing and fearing, perhaps, this very possibility in the Elf's stillness – but Legolas lets his arrow fly before the ranger's notch meets string. The bolt snaps through the air with nary a whistle – The jaegar cries, once. The arrow drives through its side – its call twists into a shriek and then silence. It plummets – – as Legolas drops to his knees, something curled womb-deep unfurling to life, a tender devastation shattering his soul like spiderwebs and fractured glass, the crack of an arrowless bowstring loosed. His bow thumps gently to the earth, the beat of a wave against rock; voices reverberate bearing his name, the siren call of a thousand gulls; and he claps his hands to his pale-curved-shell ears against the echo echo echo crashing waves of sea-breeze sweetness salt taste wind rippling over skin reflections blue– I want the Sea. A longing as endless as creation. He whispers in the Old Language, "I want the Sea." – and is forever changed. When the Elf crumples, Gimli sees for the first time the Forest in the Elf; for if this is not the image of a tree felled, Gimli knows not what is. His cry of "Elf!" is, thankfully, lost among the other such exclamations; for he shouted with concern, and it would not do to show too much of that. For the little Hobbits, maybe – but not towards the Elf. Those Hobbits are the first to cluster 'round the vain creature, whose skin has gone the pearly color of the moon and who clutches his ears by the pointed tip, flattening his palms to them as if to block out – what? What is there to block out? He glances at Boromir, and the Man, sensing his gaze, returns it; then both of them turn to the vast expanse of field, somewhere in which the dead bird lies, concealed among the olive waves of grass. Surely a bird is not the cause of this-? "Mr. Legolas." Sam touches the Elf, concern sketched over the comely face in a series of crevices and lines; the Elf's face is masked in the violet shadow of his flaxen hair. "Mr. Legolas," he repeats with worry. "What is it? What's wrong?" Statue-still, the Elf does not respond. Gimli frowns. With a heavy sigh and the intention, however reluctant, to give aid, he approaches the son of the Elf who once imprisoned his father. He is not the only one. "Aragorn?" Frodo's voice is tired with grief and the weight of the Ring as he turns to meet the ranger's approach. The Elf's strangeness merely serves to add a new note of fatigue to the Hobbit's already-burdened shoulders, and for a moment, Gimli strongly resents the Elf his selfish behavior. This is no time for any of them to flag, not with the great Wizard Gandalf lost from their midst. This is a time for strength, and if the Elf cannot bear it, then perhaps he is not worth the Fellowship after all – "What's wrong with him?" Merry, Pippin, and Sam turn to the ranger, degrees of fright drawing their faces tight. With a careful watch on the Elf, Gimli glances out the corner of his eye at the Man, and resents the Elf a little more, however unwarranted the feeling may be, for adding to Aragorn's worry when already the cloak of leadership sits uncomfortably new upon his form. Then the Elf lets out the smallest of wails, and he finds himself covering the sound with a cough of his own, because once the silly, prideful creature rights himself he'll surely not have wanted that to be heard by their fellows. "He should have shot it as soon he saw it," the Man answers instead, as if to himself, tone quiet and disquieted. "Why didn't he shoot it?" The note of apprehension is not reassuring – surely this Man who grew up among Elves, and who knows of Elves and who knows this Elf in particular, surely he must know: "Come now, Aragorn, we none of us are weak of fortitude – tell us, what ails the Elf?" Aragorn shakes his head, closing his eyes briefly. Then he reaches out to the Elf, opposite where Sam's hand still rests in stalwart support, and he murmurs, gravely, "He has heard the Sea–" Legolas blinks, a rapid flutter like insect's wings, and unfolds to his feet ere the ranger can touch. "Ah. Estel." His voice carries a certain breathy quality that he is quick to loathe. He bows, shortly, to cover the lapse and recover the deep blue feel of an ocean himself. "My apologies. Let us continue; I shall collect the jaeger as we approach, and it shall make a fine evening meal for those who wish it." " Le golas," the Man says, downward-falling tone carrying a thousand meanings – the saddened chastisement of a dear friend pushed aside who will not be content to be so pushed; the coaxing quality of a healer who would soothe what he knows, in his deepest heart, is unable to be soothed; the helplessness of a Man faced with a sudden reminder that his companion is inexorably and unapologetically Elf, and is at once more alien than familiar; the unhappy practicality of a leader and a king forced to cast doubt upon the heretofore shiningly competent and ask, for the sake of the many, for the sake of the quest, if he shall remain so capable. "No?" Legolas raises an eyebrow as if the ranger's naming him were a reply. "Then I head forth now," he dips to retrieve his bow, "and prevent the sun's damage. The meat will rot should it linger." He moves to leave, but the Man raises an arm, again to touch his shoulder – again, Legolas sidesteps delicately. And – precisely because he knows that, should he attempt to take his leave a second time, the Man will not a second time ask it of him to halt – this is why he relents, and pauses, and waits. "Legolas," the Man repeats, eyes blue as the Sea grave and caring, and in Sindarin continues, "I will not make platitudes and say I can fathom that which you feel. I have never known an Elf with the Sea-longing, but I have heard well of it, aye, and I know this must be hurting you, truly and deeply. A Fellowship does not earn its name if it does not have a care towards its members; and so I ask, how can we help you in this?" The deep furrow of his brow is gruff against the lilt of Elvish; for a moment, all Legolas can see is the craggy black-brown face of an ocean-smoothed cliffside that he has never seen. He blinks, and the sight clears. "You cannot." His reply is clear, his own Sindarin musical by nature. When the Man's features twist in dismay and protests of denial form upon his lips, Legolas softens the truth with a kind smile; and the Man falls silent. So Legolas whispers, "Thank you." The Man whispers back, "I will not stand idly by and see you suffer." Legolas's laughter is the tinkle of windchimes in a salty breeze. "It is not so onerous. Were it truly suffering, we should not long for it so!" "Nay," the Man replies, seriousness doubled in response to Elven levity, "It is because the Sea is beautiful that you suffer; for it is difficult to long for something in which you cannot find fault." Legolas opens his mouth – and closes it, the softest exhalation leaving his nostrils in an almost-sigh, but possessed of too much raw wanting to be a mere expression of weariness. He turns away from the ranger's kindness, but the sight of the waves of the Sea of the grass rippling like waves like the water's moonlit tide is too much for a sense so newly-awakened and uncontrolled as what shimmers through his skin. I must temper this. So he looks instead at the rest of the traveling party, watching him, and finds, perhaps