~ Cinnamon Sugar ~ By MalfoysMuggleMrs A/N: So, Phinoa and I gave each other prompts for a one-shot, and this was mine: Pairing: Ginny/Luna Random Cameo: Professor Sprout Location/Setting: the Great Lake, Book Six in September Noun: pebble Adjective: slippery Verb: to drag Take this for what it is: a silly, smutty, femslash PWP. It's not meant to be taken seriously whatsoever… Call it AU (the pairings and timeframes are off), but everything else can be considered Canon if you want it to be. Or not, either way xD That said, I'm fairly happy with the way everything turned out, and I definitely had a blast writing it! :) There's a shameless Dramione plug at the end (Phinoa that's all for you, love) but no actual interaction between them. I hope you all enjoy! ;) Warnings: Graphic lemons, first time attempt at femslash, strong language, crude gestures, and overall silliness. Read at your own risk. xXx The Black Lake looked clearer than Ginny ever remembered seeing it, reflections of the blue sky and a hypnotising array of sunbeams dancing along its massive surface. She sat on a small hillside facing the water as the September warmth engulfed her – an almost strange and contradictive feeling to what lay beneath her skin. Worry. Unease. Confusion . "Did you cast a Sun-shielding Charm?" came an unexpected enquiry from behind. "Your face is turning pink, you know." Ginny didn't need to turn around to know the voice; she didn't need to question how the girl somehow knew her face was bright red without even seeing it first. She continued to sit with her back turned, eyes glued to the lake as she extended out her right leg to kick a pebble, watching it roll towards the shoreline and stop right before landing in the sun-sheathed water. "No, I didn't. Thanks for noticing." "Warm out today, isn't it?" came the dreamy question. "It's too bloody hot," Ginny complained, picking at a leaf beside her and pretending it was the most fascinating thing she'd seen all day. "A swim might help." Ginny let out a huff of air in response. So, this is what they were going to do – dance around the topic completely. Fine. That worked perfectly fine for her. "Why aren't you in Hogsmeade with everyone else?" asked the redhead. "Why aren't you?" Now there was a question with a hundred different answers. Because Dean was going to be there. Because she was a heaping pile of Hippogriff shit. Because a moment of solitude away from everyone was precisely what Ginny needed on that beautiful Saturday afternoon. Leave it to Luna to be the only other person who likely stayed behind on the first Hogsmeade trip of the year; on a weekend so perfect and surreal no one dared to stay cooped up inside a stuffy castle all day. The witch never did quite fit into the category of everyone , though. Ginny had learnt that years ago; whatever she'd expect, whatever she'd plan for – Luna always did differently. The blonde took a step closer. "Is it because you don't want Dean to know we kissed last night? Is that why you're hiding down here?" And there it bloody was: that ridiculous bluntness which stumped her up every time. "Of course not," Ginny spat, not knowing what else to say. "I just didn't want to go is all." "Oh, really? How odd… Why did you tell me yesterday you were looking forward to going into Zonko's today and –" "Just stop," said Ginny, dragging her body up to a standing position so that Luna wasn't towering above it. She tried to avoid the soul piercing gaze; tried to avoid looking in silvery blue eyes and at long blonde braids that made heat pool into her already reddened cheeks. And elsewhere… her invasive thoughts chided. "But –" "But what?" Ginny challenged. Luna paused, clearly evaluating her reply. "Are you mad still?" "No," Ginny sighed. "I'm not mad…" Confused was more like it. "Then why –" "Look, just drop it already." Ginny turned and began walking, heading down the gentle slope and towards the lake's slippery shoreline enticing her to run forward and jump straight in. It seemed as if everything else surrounding them was at peace – the trees, the water, the abnormally blue sky. Everything was in its rightful place. Everything except her. "Ginny, why are you fighting this so mu –?" "I said drop it, alright?" "Okay," Luna drawled before pausing entirely. "... As you wish ." The way the breathy words sounded made Ginny's entire body snap back around; her eyeballs nearly bulging out at the vision she faced head-on with. Godric give me strength. There stood Luna Lovegood – the sunlight radiating off every inch of exposed pale skin as she released the simple blue sundress peeled from off her shoulders. The thin bundle of fabric pooled around her ankles, leaving the witch clad in nothing more than a pair of yellow lace knickers which Ginny hardly even took notice of... Her eyes wandered elsewhere. "What the hell are you doing?" Ginny's senses yelled, looking around as if half expecting a hoard of students to have gathered within the past thirty seconds. But there was no one. Not another human being in sight. Nothing but a beautiful blonde standing atop the grass covered hill, strolling towards Ginny after a few uncounted for moments spent gawking, taut breasts bouncing in the most tantalising fashion with each movement forward. "Going for a swim, of course," she playfully teased. "Care to join?" "Absolutely not!" Ginny's thoughts could hardly focus when Luna halted within an arm's length away. She was no stranger to the human form, both male or female – having six brothers and being forced to spend the past four years living in a girl's dormitory with excessively open roommates. It shouldn't have rendered her even the slightest bit speechless. It shouldn't have made her jaw drop. But this was something else entirely. The way her hips curved; the way her collar bones protruded; the way her stomach was flat, save for the smallest bit of softness right below her navel. "Are you bloody mental?" Ginny demanded, wondering if she was referencing herself instead. "Someone could come down here at any second! Someone could see you." Now there's a terrifying thought. "All the more exciting, don't you think?" Luna giggled into her palm. "By exciting you mean mortifying. Then, yes. I agree." "Oh, Ginny…" She smiled, shaking her head. "I'm going to kiss you now, okay?" And just like that infamous night prior… It was hardly even a question. There was no opportunity to protest before her lips were assaulted by the firmness of another's, Ginny's mouth soon engulfed by the second kiss Luna and she now shared over the past twenty-four hours. Not a statistic that was playing to the whole 'this means nothing' and 'that was just one slip up' theory Ginny was trying desperately to cling to. Even less convincing was when Ginny – instead of pulling back and wiping her lips like she had last night – pressed into it. Not forcing Luna off and certainly not listening to the screaming voice inside her head which insisted that this was utterly insane. Apparently, Ginny loved insane. "Wait –" "What's wrong?" Luna didn't loosen her hold which had somehow meandered down to Ginny's waist. "I – no! I'm… I'm with Dean," she began panicking. Again. Just like before. "I can't just go around kissing you, Luna! It's wrong. I'm seeing someone!" "So?" The petite witch brushed her bare chest against Ginny's Quidditch t-shirt, their obvious height difference forcing her to look down and try desperately to only focus on Luna's eyes. Not the pink nipples perked by the wind that hard-pressed right underneath her own. Not the blonde strands of hair that dangled freely from the confines of two golden braids. And certainly not the heat pooling below Ginny's navel, her thighs involuntarily clenching together to deliver the tiniest bit of satisfaction. But that tiny shred of satisfaction backfired; she only craved more. " So ? … So, I like blokes!" she insisted. A tingle ran down as the blonde moved her hand to the small of her back, arguing otherwise. "And you like me," tittered Luna in that idiotic way which she always did. As if there was some secret that only she was in on... Perhaps there was. "So, what's the difference?" "The difference is I like you as a friend ," Ginny lied, her hands immobilised and (for some ungodly reason she'll never understand) not flying up as Luna began toying with the top button of her shorts. She tried to command them to push her away, to not allow this. But something else far stronger was working against logic. Something completely bloody mental allowed for Luna to unfasten her white shorts and slowly drag them down until they hit the ground, pooling around Ginny's ankles without so much as a spoken breath of objection. She didn't step out of them, though. She hardly moved a muscle as she felt the warm sunlight hit against her newly exposed skin. "Friends don't let other friends take off their pants, Gin…" Luna smiled innocently. "You still haven't yet," Ginny quipped, eyes flickering down and looking towards her horrendously unsexy nude knickers, wondering why in Godric's name Luna chewed at her bottom lip in reaction to seeing them. "Well then," said the blonde. "We must change that." When she felt the t-shirt lift from her torso and her bra unfasten and pull from her chest, more lack of intelligent objection crossed over Ginny's lips until they once more became preoccupied with Luna's – their mouths soon moving against one another, tongues dancing and fighting for dominance. She tasted like heaven. Sweet with a hint of danger. Like strawberries and melons and everything absolutely perfect. Because that's precisely what she was. Perfect. Crazy. Looney. Coocoo. Perfect. Ginny didn't push the Ravenclaw away as they stood by the lake, wearing nothing more than undergarments and snogging senseless. She let out a soft whimper as her lower lip was captured, the blonde biting and licking and teasing and – oh Gods doing the most sinful things to her body. Ginny's head tipped back as Luna's descending fingers found her swollen lower-lips, lightly dragging across the thin material and applying the perfect amount of pressure when wandering touches hovered over her most sensitive spot. "Oh fuck," the redhead grunted as Luna's hand lazily moved back and forth, her mouth pecking soft kisses as she trailed downward. Oh fuck. When Luna dropped to her knees, Ginny froze, staring down at the nearly-naked figure and forgetting to breathe. The blonde trailed a hand across the nude fabric, stopping only to swipe tortuously against her covered mound. "I like these." "Why?" Ginny laughed despite the whirlwind of emotions bubbling up. "They're hideous…" "Everything on you is beautiful," said Luna. "That's why." And when the kneeling girl tugged her knickers down in one swift movement, further throbbing heat gathered as any objection exited Ginny's mind entirely. She was on the ground and on top of Luna's bare figure before any uncertainties could decide otherwise. She hooked a finger around the barricading yellow fabric, pulling down the only thing standing in the way of her and the small bunch of dark blonde curls resting below. The movements seemed to only fuel Luna; the redhead soon relinquishing control as her frame tumbled backwards onto the soft grass. Her body tensed as a hand forced her legs to spread, the other girl demanding more and willingly providing it by reaching in-between Ginny's parted thighs. "Oh my – fuck, yes ," she moaned, her arms reaching out and groping every possible segment of smooth skin right beside her. "Does that feel good?" Luna asked innocently as if noises she provoked weren't telling enough. There was no fumbling or uncertainty;