Title: Playing Dead Rating: M for overall darkness, language, mature themes, and smut. Read at your own risk. Pairing: Draco/Hermione. Summary: DYSTOPIAN ONE-SHOT. "Another war broke out, but this one not civil. This one was Global: World War III, or so the Muggle media outlets had coined it ... it was either assimilate or be slaughtered." Draco and Hermione are forced into taking on false identities while hiding within Muggle society. Married Dramione. Lemons. Dark themes. EWE. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter. A/N: I've had plunnies over this concept for a while now, and when I finally sat down to freewrite (in hopes to cure my writer's block) this happened ... The backdrop is pretty dark and incredibly sad, but I've mixed together some fluff/smut in here as well. There's a bit of everything, so I hope you guys enjoy it. Thanks for reading everyone! xXx 26 April 2008 9:26pm xXx There were moments where she thought she might lose it. Crack and fall apart completely, with little remorse over doing so. She had every right to, after all; there was only so much chaos one soul could handle. How effortless would it be just to throw in the towel and give up? Easy. Simple. But then nothing in her life had ever been easy, and this was far from simple. The decision to survive and fight had been no different. But fighting for them did not mean with wands drawn, nor guns loaded. Not with knives poised, and certainly not through peaceful protests. Those were long since proved useless. No – fighting in her world simply meant existing . Voldemort's second reign had been comparatively short-lived. Thank God – or so she had thought after his inevitable downfall. It was over, finished. Life was at peace, and all which was disturbed could finally become restored. They could move on. Build up the wizarding world from the sunken ground, into a better place than ever before with both Muggle-borns and pure-bloods alike. Or so was the newly acquired hope. But see, that's the thing about hope: it's nothing more than a four-letter word which tempts people into behaving foolishly. Into trusting that things could get better. Because things had to get better, right? Hermione almost laughed at the optimism she once had. She was so young – so naive to think so. She wasn't foolish enough to hope for such a thing anymore. This was her life now. And Merlin, how thankful she should be for it. So many had it far worse. Their life was good , for all intents and purposes. Comfortable and easy enough. She was selfish. God, she was so selfish! And the more she thought about it, the more she realised so. She hated herself for being ungrateful, even throughout something as wearisome as this. It would have been easier if she just got Obliviated. Every memory of that world – that glorious fucking haven she had found her true identity within – gone. Some Muggle-borns had chosen to do so, but the notion of being even emptier than she already was made her want to spew sickness from the sheer thought. And a part of her knew it was because of him. She wanted to remember everything; every mean sneer, every rude remark, because that meant she also got to remember their other stories, too. Their first kiss and every wonderful memory afterwards. A simpler time where things were finally at peace, even if only for a brief snippet of history. Forgetting that life would have meant forgetting him, and that was more than she could bear to consider. But damn it – she had so many dreams before all of this. Wild ones which encompassed things crazy enough to (nowadays) make her laugh until light hearted giggles soon morphed themselves into tears. Images of her being Minister for Magic. Fantasies of them at platform nine and three-quarters sending their children off to Hogwarts as bright-eyed eleven-year-olds. Even just sitting at home, inside their charming whatever – manor, countryside home, flat in Diagon Alley, what the hell ever – and laughing quietly to themselves over something ridiculous Skeeter and her band of airhead interns published. That's not your life, and it never will be, screamed her thoughts; a painstaking reminder of how silly she was being. She didn't know why she did this to herself. Perhaps it was because of the anniversary coming up. A decade since the Battle of Hogwarts, the beginning of what should have been a passive entrance into adulthood for Hermione Granger and her closest friends. But ten years and two false identities later: all it truly became was a beginning to the end. "Are you crying, love?" a male voice interrupted her pathetic wallowing. "No," Hermione sniffled. She wiped away wetness with her hand, turning her attention back towards the television. "I, er, I was just watching –" Bollocks. All which flashed across the illuminated screen was a sodding advertisement for toilet paper with two animated, singing bears frolicking around. Real gut-wrencher that was. Hermione couldn't even remember what she had turned on before dissolving into a crying heap atop the leather couch. "I – I," she stuttered but didn't need to say another word. A pair of strong arms wrapped around her as the figure soon seated himself beside her on the couch. "Shh," he whispered. Tears which had once more beaded between her lashes soon flowed freely down her cheeks. She gave in, renewing her weeping softly against the cotton fabric of his t-shirt. "Hey, shh … it's alright. Why are you crying?" "This Saturday," she choked out, wiping her nose to stop the weeping mess from ruining his clothing any further. "It's this Saturday, you know … the anniversary." They had yet to discuss it beyond a fluttering mention at breakfast, months ago. Hermione expected that was because she hadn't brought it up since. And he simply didn't, for fear that she might burst into tears right there on the spot. Clearly a good prediction. He was always so much better at pretending than her. She'd claim he was stronger. He'd just claim it was nothing more than being raised in a household where putting on a mask of normalcy was more commonplace than family meals spent together. "I know it is," he whispered into her mass of brown curls. "And yet all my parents can do is mention us doing some bloody 5k run with them that day –" "Which we've already graciously declined ," he reminded her. "You know they're just trying to be helpful. They know how hard –" "No," she spat out the world like it was coated in poison. "They don't know, actually. They have no idea how hard this is. They pretend to … but they don't have any fucking clue." She was acting like a child, an ungrateful spoiled brat, and she knew it. But sometimes she just had to get the thoughts out before they destroyed her. Like heavy weights that needed to lift from her chest – she knew only he was the one with force strong enough. "No, you're right. They don't understand," he answered truthfully, and it only made her sob harder. "But I do … hey, look at me." She followed his orders, glueing wet brown eyes to slate grey ones. His stare held no judgement, no harshness. All which looked back was a pleading for her to be strong. An imploring gaze, wishing for her to regain the strength which he always insisted she had far more of than she did. " Draco … " It was softer than a whisper, a hardly-anything breath of air that slipped out from her lips, making her husband tense up within their loose embrace. She shouldn't have said it. She shouldn't have even thought it. That was part of the stipulation after all … But Gods, how good it felt to let that word escape from her memories. A part of her wanted him to yell. To push her off and curse her for saying that blasted name. He had quite the temper when pushed the right way, and she sometimes shamelessly provoked it with her stubborn antics. In hopes of what, she didn't even know. Perhaps to spark a quarrel that would finally lessen the useless tears and impale some sense back into her. She hated being this weak. But this time it backfired. He didn't yell, didn't so much as even hold his tenseness beside her. He just gently squeezed his arms tighter, his next words causing her to stiffen against them. "I love you so much, Hermione." And for one brief fluttering second that's who they were again. Draco Malfoy and Hermione Granger – not David and Heather Murray, née Wilkins. The later was who they had become, the former too dangerous to even sit back and reflect upon. So, for now, and likely forever forward, that's who they were. Faceless nothings in a sea of people, hiding a novel's worth of memories and secrets behind closed doors. In truth, she was lucky they were anything besides dead bodies in the debris. They had so much to be thankful for; she owed her parents everything. And yet, here she was, being an ungrateful twit. How could he even love someone so self-pitying? He should have been the one to crack into a thousand pieces, and yet she was the one who always fell apart first. He had given up everything , his name only being a fraction of the detrimental loss. His parents were gone, and everything he once considered meaningful was forcibly stripped away and taken – wealth, power, status. A wand . A life stolen. But then again – hers was, too. Draco and the dwindling amount of Weasleys were the only pure-bloods she still knew to be alive. The rest had been slain almost immediately after the hunt had broken out. Killed like cows in a slaughterhouse, by the one lot of people they always thought to be the weakest, the most inferior. How sickeningly ironic. Some grudge-filled Muggle-borns flippantly claimed that it was their 'payback' for the Wizarding Wars. You reap what you sow. It was only a matter of time before non-magic folk would uncover the truth. Their world demanded secrecy. Muggles saw them as freaks, but even more disadvantageous, as threats. They were too powerful, too unknown. And they needed to be stomped out completely. Wizards did have power; the ability to kill with the flick of a wand and to make Muggles their personal slaves if desired. But it didn't matter. The force fighting against them had numbers . Sheer numbers and a worldwide militia which morphed together for one common goal – seek, hunt, and destroy. No shielding charm in existence was powerful enough against nuclear warfare. Not as if it was ever used in practice, but the empty threats alone were enough to terrify people. And she was one of them. Fear had driven her to Australia to seek out her parents. Even with memories fully restored, they had retained their fake identities, bringing her right along into the façade with them. The legal documentation was easy enough to forge, the life itself – not so much. "This doesn't really have to do with the anniversary, does it?" he questioned, running a hand through her mess of hair in a way which always managed to soothe her. Peace ran through for a moment before despair once more clouded over. "No," she inhaled, feeling a chill run down as she cursed the man and his ability to see right through her front. "Then what is it?" "I – It's," stuttered Hermione. "Well. Today –" The words were harder to speak than she expected, her heart breaking into a thousand pieces as they ran through her mind. Pull it together! But her brain's internal mandate did no use. He waited, simply looking at her