A/N: So I just wanted to share this. I don't have a full plot laid out yet, but I do have at least half. I have already started on the next chapter. But before I get too far into it, I'd like to know if this is something people would be interested in reading. The plot will be Harry, with military training. It will include a villain, some action, romance, a pairing. I'm leaning towards Harry/Hermione. So if this is something you'd like me to continue, please let me know and I'll get a move on to get it finished. Chapter 1 The large building was noisy. There were people chattering all over, lounging on the benches and chairs. People camped out on the floor, sleeping on their coats, backpacks used as pillows. Kids running around, and babies crying. It was loud, and chaotic, yet it all made some sense. There was a purpose to it. There were people excitedly talking about the new adventures they would be going on. The places they would see and the memories they would make. One lone young man was sitting one a four person bench. Staring gloomily into space. Not really paying attention to his surroundings. He was not the tallest young man. Average height. Only sleightly thicker shoulders and arms then normal. Wiry looking, almost like a gymnast. Not one of those thin floor gymnasts, more like one of the ones who can do handstands on the rings. Amongst all the excited chatter, he was the sole long face. There was a dullness to his green eyes. Those eyes had a look about them, almost as if they should be able to look right into your soul. But today, they were blank. His name was Harry Potter. And today was not his best day. O-O-O-O-O-O- O-O-O-O-O Harry was blindly staring into space. Thinking about absolutely nothing. He had stopped thinking a while ago. His thinking inevitably led his mind back onto what he had witnessed mere hours ago. And he did not want to think about that. He did not think his heart could break any more than it already had. His silent stare into the backrest of the seat in front of him was interrupted by the 'thud' sound of a heavy duffel bag being placed on the floor near his feet and someone sitting down carefully next to him. Blinking his eyes a few times to regain some coherent thought, he glanced up into the crowd, and upon realizing what had drawn his attention, he turned his head to the left and spotted the older gentleman sitting beside him. Looking at his face, you would think he was just a regular older English gentleman. Short and stocky. Dark hair, with shades of grey making their appearance. A trim, neat moustache. But what really drew the attention was the uniform. Harry hadn't seen many people in uniform and had trouble recognizing this one. The only distinguishing factor was the patch on his left shoulder, showing a wing and a dagger, the motto 'Who dares, wins' below that and the epaulettes showing the man's rank. Not that he knew what that rank was. After his brief examination Harry tried to turn back to his staring at the chair in front of him, before the man's voice drew his attention back. "You don't seem to be very excited about going to Paris." It took Harry a few seconds to realize the man was talking to him, before he could reply. "I'm not very excited to be going." Harry could hear the roughness in his voice. With a glance at the young man next to him, the soldier realized the problem immediately. He had seen enough of his men go through the same thing before to see the signs. The slumped shoulders. Tired, emotionless eyes. Raw voice. Yes, he had seen this all before. "It's never easy is it? Would you like to talk about it? That bar over there has some good scotch." Harry just took another expressionless look at the man, wondering if the man really knew what he was going through. He was sure the soldier didn't, but not having been brought around alcohol and drinking, except for Aunt Marge of course, he had never really tried drinking. But he had of course heard how drinking helped in these kinds of cases. With another slow look around at all the excited chatter going on around them, Harry thought a scotch sounded like a good idea. With a grunt, and a nod toward the nearby O'Reilleys Bar next to their gate, Harry led the way towards the bar counter, not waiting or checking if the Soldier was following him. He found two empty stools near the end of the bar and sat down on one. The soldier calmly took the stool next to him and got the bartenders attention by raising two fingers and a short point to the bottle standing along on the top shelf. With a glance at the soldier and the bottle, the bartender gave a short nod and got to work pouring the two glasses. Harry stared down into the glass of golden liquid, turning the glass between his fingers, this way and that, causing the liquid to roll up against the sides of the glass like waves crashing. With a deep sigh, he lifted it, and poured it down his throat. The burning sensation made his eyes water, but he held the cough that wanted to burst out his lips in, by pure force of will. "I've seen that look on your face before. Many times. Emotionless eyes. Slumped shoulders. Tight jaw. I know what you're going through. Many of my men have gone through the same thing." Harry just glanced at the man sitting next to him. Not saying anything for a few minutes, before offering his first contribution to the conversation. "What men are you talking about?" With a nod of acknowledgment for the bartender who refilled both glasses, the man replied: "I am Sergeant Major Mike Donalds. I am a recruitment officer for the Special Air Services. When I have recruited men, they are mine for 5 weeks of their training, and I become responsible for them after they qualify. I have seen many soldiers who have gone through exactly what you're going through. Nothing you can tell me, would be new. I've heard it all." "What is it you think I'm going through? You don't know me!" Harry interrupted as he glared at Mike. After a sigh, the older man glanced at Harry again. His eyes showing a painful wisdom in them. "You have the look of one who's been betrayed, who's been hurt and your heart torn to shreds. You have the look of a man who has reached rock bottom. You look like a man running away. The men I recruit and train spend many weeks away from home. Away from girlfriends and wives. Their families. More than one has come back from home-leave with that same look in their eyes. Wives and girlfriends are not always as faithful as they should be." With another glance to the young man seated beside him, taking note that he was still listening, Mike asked again. "Why don't you tell me what happened." Harry hadn't wanted to share anything, it was all so fresh. He could still feel the pain in his heart. The tears behind his eyes that he was desperate to let go. After draining his second glass of liquid courage, he took a deep breath and started to explain… O-O-O-O-O-O- O-O-O-O-O 24hrs ago… "Come on you lot. We need to get going or we won't have enough time to set up!" Molly Weasley was an expert at organizing her family. She had been doing it for many years, yet for the life of her she never could get them to do anything on time. It was one of her greatest peaves. Right as she was about to gather the boys one last time, the floo flashed green and emitted the red-haired patriarch of the family, Arthur Weasley. "Hello molly dear. Sorry I'm late. Had to make a quick stop on the way home. Had to deal with another incident in London." After a hug and kiss on the cheek Molly had a quick look out the window to see how far George and Ron were with the boxes of decorations they had hidden in the shed. "George and Ron are almost back with the decorations Harry bought. Hermione should be here any minute then we can leave." Arthur was sitting down with a glass of pumpkin juice as he nodded to his wife that he was paying attention. "Molly dear, have you heard from Ginny? Harry went to a lot of effort getting her to believe he'd be away tonight for training so he could surprise her with the anniversary dinner." This was a topic that set Molly off to gushing. "Oh Arthur, I'm so excited. Ginny did tell me she would be at training with the Chudley Cannons tonight. She has to do all those additional practices before they will allow her to start for them. I can't believe Harry and Ginny have been going out for two years already. Do you think he will propose? Harry has gone through a lot of effort arranging everything for tonight?" She was positively vibrating with the idea of Ginny finally marrying Harry Potter, the-boy-who-conquered. "Well, he did ask for our permission to ask her, so I'm sure it's only a matter of time. Whether it will be tonight or not, I have no idea." Arthur was being diplomatic as ever. If he was honest he would love to call Harry his son-in-law, however he had wondered how they had worked as well as they had. Arthur was very observant, and had a lot of life experience. He knew that Ginny was exactly like Molly was when she was Ginny's age, an he didn't see that the assertive, hot-headed woman, was the type of person he could have imagined for Harry. He knew how much Ginny loved the fame and the spotlight, and all the Balls and events that came with dating Harry Potter, but he also knew how much Harry hated that same fame himself. He had seen the disinterest in Harrys face during the previous Remembrance Ball held in May. After the short discussion they had there, Arthur knew that Harry was only there because Ginny had guilt tripped him into it. Arthurs musing was interrupted by the green flash of the fireplace as Hermione stepped out at the same time that George and Ron finally made it back into the house with the decorations. After a round of greetings from everyone, they prepared to leave en masse to Potter Place, the three story duplex Harry was renting in London. O-O-O-O-O-O- O-O-O-O-O Ginny was moaning as she felt his hands rubbing up her legs to her sides, she felt the thrill of pleasure as she felt his tongue on her neck as they grunted together, their sweaty bodies rubbing and grinding together. Her mind was numb as he made her reach levels of pleasure. She was surprised how much pleasure she could handle right at the moment, as they had been at it for most of the day already. It had started in the bedroom, when he came over, early from work, which was a surprise for her, then moved into the shower, and then the dining room where they were now. The food that was on the table long forgotten. She should have been at the training with the Cannons, but decided to skip it today. After all it was her anniversary and she felt she deserved some love and affection today of all days. The Cannons would understand. It didn't occur to her that she had only even been drafted, albeit with a very tight training schedule due to