Hey everyone! I just wanted to say that this is my first fanfiction! I am totally in love with Percy Jackson but sadly do not own it. I also wanted to mention that I did start over because I was not happy with what I previously had. I am going to mention this up until the end of chapter 3 just so you know. Anyways I hope you enjoy! He's Not There Annabeth's POV My name is Annabeth and I'm thirty years old. I have never lived like a normal human, because well, I'm not one. I am a half- blood. A half blood is a mix between a god or goddess and a mortal human. My father is Dr. Frederick Chase and my mother is Athena, the goddess of wisdom. I was sent to my father as a gift from Athena, but it was clear from the start that my father didn't see me as a gift. It got even worse when he decided to get remarried to my step mother. Not long after they got married, they brought home my two step- brothers and I was practically frozen out. I was so fed up with this life, so I ran away when I was seven. I didn't know where I was going, but I just kept running. Along my journey, I met a couple of other half bloods and they changed my life forever. A little while later we arrived at a place called Camp Half Blood. This was my new home. I don't need to go into much detail right now about my whole childhood because it seems irrelevant, but those people I met on my way to Camp Half Blood transformed my life. Currently I live in Washington D.C. with my two children, Noah and Grace, because of my husband's work. He is also a half blood like me. Of course that was the reason I live in Washington D.C. until the day of my husband's death. Today marks the two year anniversary of his unexpected death. Two years. Two years since I was widowed. Two years since the father of my children died. The news is still pretty fresh. It took me so long to process because I just couldn't believe it. He died in a fatal car crash instantly according to the medical examiners. A car crash? That is what confused me most because he had survived the craziest battles with the scariest monsters. A car crash? It was a terrible day for our whole family not only because of his death, but I had to call his mother and try to explain to her. Even worse though, I had to explain to my children where their father was. Noah was old enough to understand but he just looked confused. I couldn't blame his though because he was only five. Grace was even worse. She didn't really understand the concept of death at the age of three and she just kept asking me when Daddy was going to be home. I would have cried my eyes out, but I couldn't cry. I had to be brave for my children, be brave for myself, and the biggest reason of all, I couldn't cry if I wanted to. I felt terrible inside, but no tears came streaming down my face. I feel like it had something to do with processing his death. I couldn't process it because I didn't want it to be true. My mind kept jumping from topic to topic. From my childhood to my marriage. To giving birth to my two beautiful children to my husband's death. I almost forgot what I was doing at first. I looked down at the blank piece of large paper on my sketch table. I was designing a building for a new bank in New York City. My older brother Malcom called me yesterday all excited about a new building that our architecture company was hired to build. I've always wanted to be an architect ever since I was a little girl. I grew up learning about architecture and reading about it. It was and still to this day is my dream to own the most successful architecture firm in the world and I am on my way to doing just that. When my brother Malcom graduated from college as a business major, he surprised me with the news that he would help me complete my dream. We would open an architecture firm of our own when I graduated from college. He would be it charge of the more business like stuff at the firm and I would design the buildings. Only a couple years after we opened, a big corporation came to us and hired us to build their new headquarters. After that, business boomed and it hasn't stopped since. I looked down at the paper again. My mind was completely blank. Just blank. I always have thoughts, ideas, and answers to everything because of my Athena blood, but not this time. I decided that I needed some fresh air. I would go outside, clear my mind, and get myself off of the topic of my husband's death. I stood up and turned around already starting to clear my mind. My heart skipped a beat when I saw Grace standing there staring at me. Grace. My little girl. I could see myself in her as her long, blonde curls tumbled down her back. I could see myself in her striking gray eyes. Most of all, I could see myself through her personality. She loves to read and run around. Her never ending energy sure helps me fall asleep at night. "Mommy, are you busy?" Her sweet and innocent voice asks me. She still didn't know when her father was coming home. She also didn't know that today marks the two year anniversary of his death. "No, sweetie, I'm never busy for you!" I said as I scooped her up in my arms. I spun her around and her giggles were of someone who was full of hope. Hope that someone very dear to her coming home from "vacation" any day now. "Mommy, stop! Stop!" She laughed. Her voice is just so sweet, it really just makes my heart melt. She was so happy, and I was so jealous of her. She had hope and happiness and not a clue where her father is. What I would give to have that too. "So what do you want to do today? Park? Movie? Movie at home? It's summer! No school!" I watched the smile fade from Grace's face. "You don't need to remind me," She said sadly. "What's wrong? Don't you want to spend time with Noah and me?" "Yes but I love school! I don't know how I'm going to spend one less day without it!" She wined. How could I forget? Her Athena heritage makes her have a natural instinct to want to learn and love doing so. Even her father's adventurous nature and ability to not focus didn't overpower Grace's Athena blood, so Grace is defiantly one of a kind. "I know you love school," I said as I shook my head thinking about how similar she was to me. I wouldn't say this aloud or to anyone ever, but Grace was secretly my favorite. I know, I know I'm a mom and I'm not supposed to have favorites, but it was so easy with her. She loved everything I loved and was practically an exact replica of me. And it's not like I don't love Noah and Grace equally because believe me I do, but I knew how to approach things with Grace because well she took the same interests I did. She was always reading. She loved intellectual games. Had enough energy to power Olympus and was so adorable! We are practically the same person, well she does have more energy than I do. Compared to her I can only power a rather small room. I smiled down at the little girl on my hip. She never let me forget how much I loved her. "I know what I want to do today!" She finally yelled out. I set her down already knowing what she was going to say next. "Go get everything out," I told her. You see Grace and I do have one minor difference. My whole life before I got married and had kids was architecture. Grace couldn't design a good building to save her life. Granted she is only five years old, but I don't really see architecture in her future. On the other hand, Grace had a knack for cooking. Again I know she is only five but gods can that girl cook! Baking in particular suits her very well. I wouldn't be surprised if she opened her own bakery one day. Before I knew it we were in the kitchen baking cookies and cupcakes, our usual weekend activity. This usually ended up in flour wars which are always fun. I sat down on the couch in the downstairs living room after our baking adventure. This kid tired me out every weekend with the baking, so I decided to watch TV which seemed like a much better idea. As soon as I plopped down on the couch and flipped on the TV to the Discovery channel, Grace immediately climbed up on to my lap and fell asleep. I was really getting into the documentary about lions when my phone went off to the familiar ringtone. "Shhhh!" I scolded the phone. I picked it up quickly so it wouldn't wake Grace and looked at the caller ID which read: Thalia . Thalia has been my best friend since I was seven years old. I met her when I ran away from home and didn't know where I was going. Ever since then we have always been there for each other and helped one another throughout our lives. "Hello?" I said in a soft voice. "Hello?" Thalia replied. "Why are you being so quiet?" "Oh, Grace is asleep." "Oh, ok!" She seemed very happy. This was very rare. "So I just wanted to check on you because, well, you know." "What are you talking about?" I asked acting confused, but I knew why she called. "Here we go again! Classic Annabeth, always in denial." I could just see the look on her face right now. I can't say this is the first time acting confused around people when I just didn't feel like talking about my husband's death. It just brought back too many painful memories. I decided that the best thing to do right now was to just go with the flow and not create more trouble for myself. "Fine," I answered, "I'm doing fine." "Great! Now was that so hard?" "Thalia, if that is all you called for I have better things to be doing right now than to talk about my old life," I reminded her. "Well I called for that and because I wanted to invite you to lunch tomorrow." "Where?" I demanded. "Olive Garden," Thalia chirped. I could tell that I was being a bit mean and she was trying to stay positive throughout all of this. On any other day she would be yelling at me right now. "Ok fine I'll go," I sighed, "What time?" "Noon." "Great," And with that I hung up on her. I wasn't really in the mood for people right now. All I needed was my little Grace and Noah and I was all set. "Hey, Mom," Noah said sweetly as he hopped down the stairs and sat down on the couch by me and Grace. Noah was a sweet kid and I loved him so much. He was a great kid and I could tell that when he got older, he would be what people call the "whole package." Noah has blonde hair like Grace and I, but didn't inherit the gray eye color. Instead he got his