Hi, guys! So this is a little something I've had on my computer for ages and never got around to publishing. In my mind, Bella and Edward's conversation about sex, marriage and changing was too short and left out a whole lot that a real, mature couple should talk about. This is my alternative. It's fluffy enough that it makes me happy without making me cringe - I hope it does the same for you. Enjoy. With a restrained sigh Edward forced the tone of our kissing to lighten, the intensity to fade and the pace to slow, until finally he gave me a chaste peck and pulled away. I sighed, my frustration evident. Edward ran his thumb over my cheek looking apologetic. "You know we can't." He murmured. I nodded, "I know – I just..." I hesitated. My relationship with Edward, whilst such a fundamental element to my life and my soul, was also very precarious. It felt as though we were constantly walking along a tight rope trying to find a balance between his vampiric nature and my humanity. But it wasn't fair to put this on him, he worked hard for his control – who was I to tell him to dismiss it? He was looking at me expectantly but I deflated, my eyes turning downcast. "No," His finger ran under my chin to pull my gaze up again, "What is it?" Again I hesitated. We'd talked about this and I knew his foot was firmly down when it came to rearranging the lines of our physical relationship. What was the point of re-hashing it? "It's nothing, don't worry, okay?" I said turning to give his hand a kiss. This time he sighed, drawing my eyes back to him, hoping he would leave the issue alone. His gaze fell to my mouth and he frowned. "I feel like we're dancing around this..." His eyes narrowed, "this situation we've found ourselves in." I frowned, not quite understanding what he meant. "What situation?" His hand pulled through his hair as he contemplated his words. "The situation where I am a vampire and you are a human and we are attempting to have some kind of physical relationship," His eyes found mine and I could see the discomfort in them, "I find it a difficult subject to discuss – especially with you." "Why especially with me?" In all honesty, I hadn't imagined that Edward even thought about it that much, never mind discussed it. He was always so...polite about the topic, the conversation never ventured beyond what could still be said in front of my father. The idea that he spoke about such things to anyone surprised me slightly. Of course, I realise that he is only human – fundamentally – and that it must be...a topic of interest for him but that idea just didn't blend with my concept of Edward. He frowned again, "However foolish it may sound, in my mind I can still hear my father reminding me never to talk about such things in front of a lady." He paused watching my reaction for a moment. I allowed myself a small laugh but couldn't wipe the smile off my face. "That does sound foolish." I agreed sliding my hands to rest on his shoulders. "And you're right – we should... discuss ...this more. I'm every bit as hesitant as you, but that's not to do with morals, I'm just a coward." He scoffed, "The fact that we're in this situation is testament to the contrary." I rolled my eyes, "Not being a coward requires the bravery to face something you fear and I've never been afraid of you." He gave me a small smile and brushed some hair out of my face, "Despite all reason and sense that is true." I straightened up where I sat on his lap, mentally preparing myself for where this conversation could lead. "Okay, well, I'll agree to overcome my cowardly, shy nature if you agree to ignore your father's voice, just for this discussion." I said, my words sounding braver than I felt at the prospect. Already my face was warming up. Edward slowly nodded. "I'll try," Nervousness laced his words but he seemed determined to say whatever it was that inspired this need to discuss , "I am terrified of doing anything beyond kiss you. You are strange in your ability to dismiss how strong I am and how utterly breakable you are and you put far too much faith in my control." I sighed slightly; apparently we were going re-hash this. "And I think you don't give yourself enough credit – you've earned the right to believe in yourself, Edward, and in your ability to control yourself around me. That there's a me to be around proves that." He frowned and shook his head, "I understand what you're saying, Bella, I really do. I'm hugely pleased and relieved that I have as much control as I do but you don't realise how close I've come to that control being shattered just because you pressed yourself against me when we were kissing, or because you kissed my neck when I wasn't expecting you to or because of the way you said my name." He looked at me imploringly. My cheeks flamed but I felt a small bud of satisfaction at his words. His eyes dropped and his frown deepened, "And I don't think you take into account my plain old human desire for you that begs at me not to stop – that plays a significant part in my control." "You're right, I hadn't," I said leaning back slightly, hoping the small amount of distance gained would help to suppress my awkwardness, "But to be honest, Edward, I don't see that side of you. Whenever you talk about desires and control it's always in reference to how easily you could kill me," I shifted uncomfortably, "And I don't really see or...understand why you would want me...like that." His mouth opened and his eyes lit up with protests, "It's not that I think I'm unattractive, it's just...you and all your family – who I spend most of my time with – look like airbrushed supermodels twenty-four seven and I don't . If I got one moment of airbrushed supermodel in a year I would be happy." His hands moved up to my face tracing over my skin and brushing through my hair. "That's somewhat like how I feel about my soul in comparison to yours." He said quietly his face showing obvious and unearned reverence, "You are so good. You've never done a truly bad thing in your life – I'd be surprised if you'd ever had a truly bad thought in your life. And here I am – a once willing and gleeful murderer. You make me feel entirely inadequate in that way," He gave me a small sad smile, "Like I'm tainting you just by breathing the same air." I never realised he put me up on such a pedestal. I wasn't anywhere near that perfect or pure. Whilst, I was no murderer I wasn't as saintly as he seemed to think. "I've never seen you that way," I shook my head lost for a way to verbalise how I felt about him, "To me your soul is just as 'pure' as mine, if not slightly purer because you have such strong demons to fight." He seemed to think my words over, considering their meaning, but it was obvious that he didn't feel that way at all. I think he appreciated the comment though, not many people can tell him this, can give him reassurance and most people like to be told that someone thinks they're good. "And the same can be said for you," His eyes lifted and a smile tugged at the corner of his lips, "I see you as a perfectly airbrushed supermodel all the time, which impresses me to no end considering how terrible humans can look." He watched me thinking for a moment before his smile broadened, "And I imagine that you are as reluctant to accept how I see you as I am to accept how you see me." I nodded a small smile on my lips. I liked that we were the same in this way, that we were both self conscious (admittedly for very different reasons), it helped to make him that little bit more human, more...relatable I suppose. "But going back to the topic at hand," He began, "Trying to balance my control and my upbringing is leaving us stuck at kissing which usually ends in you being frustrated with me and I'm not sure how to make this better." "When you say your upbringing... I don't really know what you mean," I admitted feeling that fleeting sensation of being able to relate to him fluttering away, "I get the whole sexually repressed thing," He gave me a mocking glare, "But...to what extent do you still believe in that?" His hands moved to rest on my waist, "It's in these moments that I remember how young you are and how old I am," He said, his face twisting at the wry humour in it. "Well at least you have supposed wisdom and experience on your side – I get left feeling...foolish and like a child." I could hear the petulance in my own disgruntled voice, further proving my point. Edward chuckled, "Yes, but you have the rest of the world on your side as they too are all a part of the twenty first century. I feel ever so slightly like an antique." "You haven't answered my question." I reminded him, before we could both get carried away, focusing on who had it better the young or the eternally young. His eyes narrowed at me slightly, "Try not to mock me?" That wasn't a good sign for my post sexual revolution ideologies. I nodded. "I still believe in it to such an extent that, were I still human, I would still be hesitant to go beyond our current physical relationship..." He eyed me for a moment, "At least until we were married." I could feel my face scrunch up at the word. "That's...really...not what I'd hoped." I admitted, "But, I suppose, what I already knew." His face turned contemplative for a moment, "I'm curious. How much of a physical relationship do you want? Taking into account the fact that I am a vampire." I blushed and my heart sped to catch up with my anxiety towards having to actually say it, "To me, it doesn't really matter what you are. I would – I want to have as full a physical relationship as possible," The air caught in my throat a little, "I want to have sex with you." He dragged in a long breath, not looking me in the eye. "I think I already knew that too...and it's that much harder to deny now that you've said it." "I wouldn't be unhappy if you stopped denying it." I said teasingly, knowing he wouldn't agree to this. He just rolled his eyes at me. I ran my hand through his hair, contemplating what I had learnt. "So – just to clarify – you do want to be with me in that way?" I asked anxiously. He frowned at me, "Of course I do," He wrapped his arms back around me, pulling me closer, his face nuzzling its way into my neck, "I wish you wouldn't doubt how utterly...alluring I find you." I smiled feeling a spread of warmth through my chest at his comment. I tugged on his hair so I could see his face. It felt strangely important to be able to gauge his reactions during this conversation. "Then, tell me, show me more often, that that's how you feel." I implored feeling a little bold. His brow furrowed in confusion. "Bella, I tell you how beautiful you are nearly every time I see you." "I know," I