DISCLAIMERS : All Rick Riordan! I don't own a thing! CHAPTER 1: A GODLY LIFE Percy's P.O.V I dreamed that this day would come, the day that maybe, just maybe my father and my uncles would let me visit Camp Half Blood. Being a child of the BIG THREE was one of the reasons I couldn't go,because of that monsters would leap on me and my cousins, Thalia and Nico any chance they got and secondly no one knew about us except the Olympians. Therefore we were stuck on Mount Olympus. Although we wanted to visited the real word badly, being raised up in Olympus, and our fathers domain's had some good too it. But today I hoped they would finally let us go to Camp Half Blood, and it was a perfect time to ask since the campers of Camp Half Blood were coming today to Mount Olympus. I thought about what they would seem like, well like Demigods of course but I knew they had a different lifestyle then my cousins and I. Finally I decided that I should probably wake up to find out for himself. With that kept in mind I heard my cousins Nico and Thalia trying to wake me up. " GET UP KELP HEAD!" Thalia yelled in my ear, I groaned at her and put the pillow on my head knowing I should get up but did it to annoy Thalia. "Maybe he's dead" Nico said sounding a little hopeful, after all he is the son of Hades. I could feelThalia glaring at Nico with her electric blue eyes then turned back to Percy. "PERCY I WILL ELECTROCUTE YOU IF YOU DO NOT GET UP!'' Thalia yelled, I laid there not moving one bit. I could here Nico stepping back and I suddenly realized that Thalia wasn't kidding but before I could respond I felt a painful jolt of electricity going down my spine. I got up screaming and yelling at Thalia while Nico was in the background laughing so hard he almost cried. " Well now that I got you up,'' Thalia said when I settled down, "We should probably start getting ready and head to the Triklinion.'' ( greek for dining room )Thalia reminded us, then I remembered, Zeus called the Gods and the Goddesses of Olympus ( and my cousins and I )to breakfast which normally meant he had an announcement. I hoped it was what I thought it was. After we got dressed we headed down to the Triklinion. We entered the room where The Gods and Goddesses were sitting on their mini thrones which were now surrounding the dining table. We went to our fathers who left a seat for us and they seemed more gleeful today. We sat down next to our fathers who were at normal mortal height along with the other gods and goddesses, it seemed to be a normal Olympian morning where the gods and goddesses chattered about mortal news and several of my teachers asked me if my cousins and I were training, and yes we were trained by all the Olympians. My personal favorite class was swordsmanship with Ares, of course I don't like Ares but I did fight well with a sword especially with my sword Riptide. My least favorite class was with Di (thats what we called Aphrodite in our classes) where she taught us to be gentlemen and ladies and Thalia equally hated the class. Then I wondered when was Zeus going to speak then finally he rose and the chatter stopped. '' I have an announcement to make'' Zeus said loudly which was normally his regular tone. "As you all know, the campers of Camp Half Blood will be coming to Mount Olympus, so I have chosen my daughter and my nephews to show them around Olympus!''there was chatter throughout the room. My dad turned to me and smiled with his raven black hair and his emerald sea green eyes. I smiled back at him still feeling a little disappointment, but maybe I could still find a way to ask my father and my uncles if I could go to Camp Half Blood. I looked at my cousins who seemed to be excited about giving a tour to the demigods, and after breakfast they came over to me. ''Aren't you excited Percy!'' Thalia said with a bright smile on her face which she normally didn't do. '' Yeah of course'' I said clearly not enthusiastic '' But it's not what I was hoping for I guess'', then Nico and Thalia turned there heads to each other knowing what I meant. '' Look Percy, someday we will be able to go down to Camp Half Blood but maybe our fathers just think that we would cause them to be jealous and then they complain to their parents and next thing ya know, there is a riot between the Olympians but I do know one day we will have our chance to shine and this is the way to start.'' my little cousin said sounding serious but I knew deep down he wanted to laugh. I finally smiled at him and we all began to laugh. '' I suppose you are right Nico in your own weird way of looking at things'' I said with a grin and Nico grinned back at me. Thalia's P.O.V Strangely, part of me agreed with Kelp Head. I wanted to go down to Camp Half Blood and show those Demigods who's boss and not just Daddy's Little Princess and second best out of all my cousins, everyone thought Percy was the oldest and strongest but he wasn't actually, well strongest , yeah but not the oldest! I know you are probably wondering like what?! I thought Poseidon broke the pact first! Well that isn't true and let's just say that's one of my family's secret.I stared at the lawn of Mount Olympus which was always beautiful with Demeter and Persephone (when she gotta chance to come here ) taking care of it. Then my eyes caught to the training arena, which was built for me and my cousins to be taught by the Olympians and of course train there . Then I smiled to my cousins, '' Who's up for some archery'' I said making my smile even wider. I knew they didn't want to because they knew I was better but they would never turn me down because they knew I would taunt them for days. After the moaning ,we headed to the archery range. When we got there all I had to do was think about my bow then it appeared in my hand. The bow was a gift from Apollo for besting Artemis's hunters. It would appear and disappear when ever I thought so and the quiver was enchanted so whenever I took out an arrow another one appeared. While I was getting ready Nico and Percy got there usual bows which were not enchanted, I thought to myself while smirking. After they were ready, we stood there waiting for the targets to move, and yeah the targets were enchanted to move around so it would be harder for us. Finally they started moving and the game uh I mean training began. Nico's P.O.V I knew Thalia and Percy were easily gonna beat me, I mean I am good but being the youngest out of my cousins made them more experienced but I still had my moments sometimes. I tried going for the big targets which were way easier as I learnt over time because they took longer to move around. They were sorta easy for me but they all were still tricky because you never knew where they were going, but Thalia made it look easy, she was the quickest of us and EVERY target she would atleast make 2 bullseye's and was very hard to do with the little targets moving fast. I saw Percy struggle with the targets but finally made a bullseye to a little one and a big one. As for me, I was doing pretty well at least better than Percy. I shot at all the big ones first making almost all of them bullseye and then making my way to the little ones which surprisingly I did decent on. After me and Percy ran out of arrows we sat down on the ground watching Thalia train. '' Is she ever gonna stop!'' I said crashing flat to my back on the ground feeling the sun's heat hitting my whole body and it seem to weaken me which is why I preferred the dark. '' You know Thalia, always time to show off.'' Percy said laughing, Thalia turned her head glaring at us. ''Oh and you guys have something better to do'' she said angrily. Percy look at the sword's arena then we both smiled ''Actually we do'' I said with a smile and pointed to the sword's arena. Yeah I wasn't the best at swordsmanship but neither was Thalia so she couldn't show off, then she frowned but we knew she wouldn't say no because she never said no to a challenge and neither did Percy and I. ''Whatever'' Thalia finally said annoyed. Percy and I smiled again and headed towards the arena. As usual me and Thalia tried to gang on Percy but always failed and Percy always came back with his sword Riptide swinging at us as we dodge over and over again finally I thought I had him and tried to sneak on him but Percy was quick and as I put my leg out to sweep kick him he reversed it and sweep kicked me and with Riptide he hit me on the shoulder causing me to fall. As Percy turned his from me to Thalia she began to charge at Percy and he dodge then took her arm and judo flipped her to the ground. In conclusion, Percy beat us as always. After we finished with our other training exercises we hit the showers. Annabeth's P.O.V Finally, I thought. Today was the day we went to Mount Olympus and not only get to see our parents for the first time!, we had a surprise awaiting us at least that's what Chiron said. I wondered what it could possibly be. As I got up, I headed towards the bathroom to get ready. Just when I finished putting my long curly hair in a ponytail, I heard Chiron running down to each cabin and yelling Get up and start getting ready. Just as I was about to head out, I heard a groan. ''Getting up early I see, as always '' the voice said sitting up from his bed yawning. Nathan Kennedy, my oldest brother in the Athena Cabin also the head counselor of my cabin. I smiled at him ''Actually a bit earlier today'' I said while Nathan yawned again then got up. He looked at me curiously with his hazel brown eyes which seemed to be studying me and trying to read my mind. Then he scratched his light brown hair with streaks of blonde hair then he stopped and looked at me like he had figured it out. '' Thinking about Olympus huh'' he said with wide smile. I admit it, I was a bit shocked but of course I didn't show it. Of course I didn't say anything and neither did Nathan, he just simply walked to the restroom but then stopped, '' We all were thinking of her Annie'' he said to me and then went to the bathroom. At first I wanted to say don't call me Annie!, because I hate it when people call me anything that's not my then I just let it go and started going to the mess hall. When I got there, as usual I was the first person there , and so I sat down at my table and started thinking about my mother. I remembered I asked Chiron