The young man walked into the Mortal bar using the mist to disguise his looked around to find a man sitting at a table alone with a gray brownish goatee and long brown hair that had looked liked it hadn't been combed in walked up to the table and sat down as the man looked up. "You've come."he said taking a drink of his beer keeping contact with the boy. "You called." He said looking right back at the old man. "Father,what is this about."he asked the man. The man sighed and looked around suspiciously as if anyone would attack him in the middle of nowhere. "You've heard the stories about the seven,yes."he asked his son taking another sip of his boy nodded as his father continued. "Well they have children."he said bluntly as the boy had a look of shock. "But how-" "Not the time." his father interrupted saying a bit too loud getting some looks from the mortals. He sighed. "I have called you because they are in danger and I need you to receive them so they could be placed in the school to be safer."he said seriously as his son nodded. "Where can I find them." He said as his father looked around again. "I will have Rose Stoll send it to you,it is to dangerous to say it."he said whispering,the boy nodded and got up from his seat. "Be careful Chase."The father said carrying for his son's safety. "I'll be find Chiron, I have the gods at my side."he said walking out of the bar leaving the old man alone. "I pray..." Chiron said sadly. The girl walked past everyone in the crowded streets of New York,she had carefully chosen who she pickpocket and made sure they weren't paying attention while also spotting out the greedy business men as she went to one of the rarest things you'd find in New York,a farmers market. She knew she was low on supply so she picked fruits and some vegetables and once she reached the apple section she tried to grab an apple but a hand gripped her wrist and pulled her away. "What do ya think you're doin princess."said the country voice but slithery at the same time. "Empousai." The girl hissed back as she grabbed her knife Katoptris as the sky stirred in anger. "Ah a daughter of the seven,what a tasty meal!" She said as the empousai lunged at the girl but before it could an arrow shot at the girl looked around as mortals scattered around as only a boy with a bow and arrow stood in the aisle alone. "Who are you!" The girl yelled at the boy holding onto her knife while she bore her eyes into his. "I am Chase Johnson,Claire Grace and we need to go."he said dropping his bow and reaching for her hand but the girl backed. "Actually you can go I'll be fine in my own."the girl said pouring charmspeak into her words. The boy stared into the girls lightning blue eyes and brown hair and wondered about the words she said but then shook his head and regained his position. "My father warned me of your charmspeak and I must tell you it does not work on me." He said trying to get closer but the girl just gave a mocking scowl and evaporated into thin air. Chase stomped his feet in anger as he let her go and her voice seemed to echo throughout the empty farmers market mocking him at his failure to catch the girl. He then remembered what Rose said she was going and grabbed his bow and ran out of the market. Claire looked at the now ruined sign of Camp Half Blood and walked into the barriers to see numerous cabins but all in first went to the Zeus Cabin looking at the great statue of Zeus and scoffed at it as she went into the place had looked abandoned and was covered in dust and spider webs as Claire coughed she walked around inspecting the place as she stepped on a price of wood that was a little bit to creaky and pulled the wood up to see a shoe grabbed it and carefully opened it to see pictures. One was with a boy about her age with sea green eyes and raven black hair standing next to a boy with blonde hair military cut and lightning blue looked at another photo with the same boy in the other picture standing next to a girl with kaleidoscope eyes and brown hair,both smiling,happy and free of the world. She frowned and put the pictures in her satchel. "You miss them." A voice said as Claire grabbed Katoptris and pointed at Chase's throats as she spun around. "How did you know I was here!"she demanded pushing the knife to his throat. He looked her in the eye seeing the anger in her eyes,and at the same time so much pain. "You wanted to find out more about your parents,you were drawn here!" He said trying to push his head away from the knife. "You don't know me!" she yelled as thunder boomed pushed Chase against the door and felt raindrops from the cracks on the ceiling. "I know that you're lost,alone,without Justin."he said as Claire's eyes swelled up with answer confusion sadness and even more anger. "Don't speak his name!"she yelled pressing the knife harder on his throat. "He's alive I can take you to him."he say as she pushed back allowing Chase to breath. "Where is he." she said with look that could kill if he lied. "Hollywood."he said straigtning his brown leather jacket and rubbing his throat thanking the gods he didn't get killed. "Then let's go."she said walking out the room but no before she whispered to herself. "See ya later dad."then counties to walk out of the cabin and then Camp Half-Blood. "Mother I think this tie is too tight."Justin said to his mother who was arranging the dinner for tonight,it had been a big business deal for his father Garret Winsky and Justin's job was to charm his way into the business owner's daughter Riley Easter. Justin had never liked his parents using him to charm the daughters of businessmen just for the deal and afterwards never call them again even if he liked the here he was,sitting next to Riley Easter who was flirting with him countless times and he tried to flirt back but this time he couldn't,he definitely didn't like the girl because of her high pitch voice and her rudeness at the table and the constant need to grab on his shoulder as if he was her' to mention the annoying when a noise was heard in the kitchen he was obliged to go find out and when Riley offered to come he gently declined because it may be out of the room he took off his tie,took ice out of the ice bucket and poured fresh water into his cup as his phone looked at the contact and saw it was his best friend Kyle. "Hey Kyle." He said putting down his water. "Hey man!You sound depressed!"he said as he heard shouting and music in the background,Justin rolled his eyes,probably at another party. "Yeah well my father has a business dinner here and you know how it is."he said taking another sip of water. "Yeah I know but you gotta love the babes." He said as girls giggled and yelled in the chuckled as a noise was made in the basement so Justin told Kyle he would call later and hung up. Justin grabbed a kitchen knife as his lucky coin burned in his pocket as if wanted to be used. He grabbed the knob of the basement door but it was already open,he carefully went downstairs and heard feet scurrying and knew not to ask who was there because it was classic thing that got someone killed in a horror movie so he looked around once he got to the last step as something big pounced on him. It had looked like an overgrown bear that had had pitch black fur and red demon struggled to get the thing off of him but he didn't need to as an arrow struck the demon in the back and it turned into golden dust and flew in the draft in the basement. "What the-" "Justin,we need to get out of here!" A girl said with the same blue eyes as Justin except her hair was brown. "What!I don't know you!"he said struggling to get out of her grip,which was a really strong one. "She's right Justin."a voice said coming out of the shadows to appear a boy with darkish brown hair and light blue eyes that you could see in the dark. "Who are you!I'm going to call the police if you don't get out!"he yelled at the familiar girl and the boy. The girl sighed, "Sorry Justin."she said as Justin looked at her quizzically. "For wh-" but before he could finished that sentence he was knocked out cold. When Justin woke up he had an a killer headache and jumped up and looked had looked like a rundown hotel with peeling walls and stains. "You're awake."a familiar voice turned to the door to see the same girl who knocked him out. "You!"he said heading towards her. "Who are you and why'd you kidnap me!"He said looked at me sadly and frowned. "You really don't remember me do you…"she said looking down. "Am I supposed to!"I said running my hands through my looked up,and those same blue eyes he saw everyday in the mirror was right in front of him. "I am your sister Justin,and you are not who you think you are."she said. I suddenly felt nauseous,she couldn't be my sister he thought but why at the same time he knew we had an connection. "No." He said repeating I backed away from her as tears filled her eyes. "Justin you have to remember."she said coming closer each time he backed away. "No!"He said. "Get away from me!"He yelled and she had backed away. "You charmspeaked me."she said looking confused and hurt,but then shook her had a look like two could play that game. "Justin."she said seriously that compelled him to look her in the stood still as she came grabbed my head and looked me in the eye as he is the same. "Remember."she said as her words echoed through my head as her forehead touched that he never knew he had came back,the scent of his real mother's hair,the strong arms of his father lifting me up as he giggled and pretended he was flying,he wanted to be just like him,the laugh of his mother and how she automatically got him and his sister to do what we were closes one in his family,how we played in our front yard that was surrounded by gates and how they went to our cabin that was on top of a mountain that you could feel and smell the air and that one day we were up there,and it was him and his sister's birthday and stormy not like other days up there but this time his parents worried and told us to stay in but they were stubborn and stupid so they went outside and played in the rain as my sister screamed as a shadow came behind me and took me away. His eyes opened as he pushed back from my sister,my eyes sadned. "Claire.."He said as she grabbed her into a hug. "I'm sorry.." he said as tears rolled down her cheeks."What about-" "They're dead."she murmured into his shoulder. He pulled her off so he could look her in the eye. "How-" "I'm sorry to intrude." A voice said in the door had remembered it'd been the same guy in his basement but unlike Claire he did not remember him. "Who are you."he said angrily and stepped in