Hi! I'm bonnie Celt, and this is my first fanfiction that I've ever really shared with anyone, so I hope ya'll like it. Please send me comments, suggestions, and reviews; I'm not sure how far I want this to go. Should Aurora (my OC) stay only until the end of the Fellowship of the Ring or should she stay through the end of The Return of the King? Anyway, here it is, like it or not! Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own the LOTR trilogy, or anything connected to it. The decendants of J.R.R. Tolkien have that honor. Chapter 1 Aurora was tired; not just tired, but exhausted. She had had a rough day at school that day, what with two tests and a quiz to take. Then there was the teasing, taunting, and the general obnoxiousness of her classmates toward her. Aurora, who was eighteen, five foot three inches, and had straight brown hair that fell to the small of her back and brown almond-shaped eyes, was getting ready to graduate. Unfortunately, she was not well liked at school. She had moved to California from the rural suburbs of Richmond, Virginia, and her simple, Southern ways were not particularly accepted by the snobbish students of Summer Valley, California. They were fifty miles away from Hollywood, but the kids still thought that they were above everyone else, living that "close" to celebrities. While they were born practically in Hollywood, she was born in Richmond, once the capital of the South. This was probably the main reason she was looked down upon; her consistent use of "ya'll" and other Southern or otherwise un-Californian words and phrases did not endear her to them either. She just had to keep telling her self that it was just for this year. By next year, she would be graduated and gone to college. Anything to get away from them . Aurora was also very different in her interests as well. Most of the teens cared about the latest cell-phone, I-pod, going to the mall, and having a boy or girlfriend. While most girls were all into the latest fashion trend (even if it was hideous in reality), Facebook, and boys, Aurora could really care less about such things. At school, most of her classmates could not wait for the bell to ring so they could get home, to their friends' house, or to the mall. Aurora, on the other hand, loved to learn. One of her favorite classes was history, especially anything from the Wild West and earlier. She loved to learn about the Civil and Revolutionary Wars because some of her ancestors were in them. She was distantly descended from Benjamin and William Henry Harrison, Patrick Henry, and Jefferson Davis, all who made history around her home town of Richmond. She also loved Ancient Old World history; the older, the better. She also loved literature, and one of her favorite time periods to read about was the Middle Ages (mostly stuff like the King Arthur legends and "The Lady of Shallot"). In October, at the "Masked Ball" Halloween party at school, Aurora had gone in a green velour Medieval- styled gown, with huge, draping sleeves and a gold cord belt to match the trim on the neck line, hem, and sleeves. She had worn a simple gold-painted mask with cording around the edge to match. While she though at least this would seem like a natural choice, she was still scoffed at for being a history nerd. She was mocked all night for pretending to be Lady Guinevere or the Lady of Shallot. Only one student did not make fun of her that night. A new girl, Scarlett, who was from Atlanta, Georgia, had moved to Summer Valley the week before. She loved Aurora's costume and thought it was perfect for a masked ball. Of course she came in a Southern belle costume, complete with huge hooped skirt, and a thoroughly Southern accent. The only way she had been able to get away with her costume without ridicule was the fact everyone knew the movie Gone with the Wind . Everyone thought it was a bit of a joke, what with her being from Atlanta and her name being Scarlett. However, from that night on, she was nicknamed "O'Hara", and people would ask how things were "back at Tara". Scarlett just took it all in her stride; she would smile and reply, "Things are goin' just fine, thank ya'll for askin'." Being the only two Southerners for hundreds of miles made Scarlett and Aurora automatic friends, even though they had different interests, were in different classes and could only see each other at softball practice. Neither of them were great athletes, but for some reason Coach Knight let them both on the team, much to the disappointment of their team-mates. It was now April, and Coach Knight was working them all hard to get them ready for their first game. After softball practice, Aurora had said good-bye to Scarlett and immediately headed to Summer Valley Stables for her afternoon job of cleaning horse stalls, grooming and feeding horses, and taking them out to the pastures. Mucking out stalls may be a crumb job, but the work mercifully paid for her to continue the horseback riding lessons she had started in Virginia. Aurora loved horses. She always had, as far back as she could remember. Her favorite horse was a light brown and white paint with a white face called Rain. The mare had such a sweet and gentle spirit, although she did have a little bit of spunk sometimes. She was often used when young children were learning to ride because she would behave when she sensed an eager, but cautious little rider on her back. Her trainer was a young Indian named Ray, one of the stable hands. He was quiet and he went about his work without ever a word of complaint about anything, unlike the other hand, Norman, who complained about everything. Ray was probably Aurora's only true friend even though they didn't get to talk much because of their work. When her chores were over, Aurora immediately got ready for a ride. She always rode Rain when she could, but when she couldn't, she rode a chestnut named Rigel, who had a white star on his forehead. As she put Rigel's tack on him she told the stallion about her wearisome day at school. Aurora often talked to the horses when she groomed or saddled them. She found it comforting to be able to tell someone about her troubles, and the horses never scolded her or anything. Rigel and Rain would just listen, often almost seeming to understand. When she finished saddling Rigel, she said, "Enough pity-partying; are you ready for a ride?" Aurora gracefully mounted the stallion and directed him to one of the empty pastures where they could gallop freely. As they raced across the grass, Aurora felt all of her troubles lift from her shoulders and her weariness disappear from her body. She felt so alive and free and joyous as she and Rigel cantered across the plain. This was when she felt truly happy. After her ride, Aurora led Rigel back to his stall, and groomed him once she had removed his tack. "Thanks for the ride today, Rigel. That was fun wasn't it?" she whispered to the horse as she got ready to leave. Rigel whinnied at her, and she laughed as she gave him a carrot, his favorite treat. When Aurora left his stall, Rigel neighed after her. She immediately stroked his long nose. "Don't worry, boy. I'll be back tomorrow." She assured him as she kissed his nose and left for home. After dinner, Aurora did her homework, slipped into her nightgown. She was rather traditional, rarely wearing pants except for yard work and riding. She preferred old fashioned culottes (1800's riding skirts) and skirts to jeans. As she settled under her blankets, she turned her Native American flute CD on to help her fall asleep. For some reason, her last thoughts before falling asleep were about the new movie, The Fellowship of the Ring, she and Scarlett had watched the first half of two nights ago at Scarlett's house during their slumber party. They were to finish the second half tomorrow night at Aurora's slumber party. "I wonder what happens next?" she thought dreamily as she finally drifted off. Chapter 2 Aurora woke in the middle of the night freezing cold. She shivered as she pulled her thin blanket tighter around her. "Why is it so cold?" she thought. Then she realized something light and cold was falling on her face, and something was damp beneath her. When Aurora opened her eyes, she couldn't believe what she saw. She was outside and there was snow all around her. Suddenly, the wind picked up and soon it became a blizzard. Aurora knew her only hope was to find some kind of shelter and pray she made it through the night. She thought perhaps she could find a village, but that hope was soon dashed when she realized she was on a mountain pass. She wrapped up in her blanket, and trudged through the snow, vainly hoping that the far side was near. A great warmth and sleepiness threatened to overcome her as she soon grew tired of her snowy march. She pushed on, however, knowing that to stop now would mean her death. Just when Aurora thought she could go no further, even if it mean freezing to death, she thought she saw a golden glow, a flickering light, in the darkness ahead, as if a fire was burning. Without even thinking, she trudged toward the light, hoping it meant people and a warm fire. As she neared it, she half expected it to disappear as a figment of her imagination, but it didn't. Aurora saw what appeared to her exhausted eyes to be four men and five children. Or maybe the one with the red around his face is a really short man with a beard, she thought blearily. Aurora staggered up to them. "Please…let me come near…..please...help…" she gasped out before collapsing. The last thing she remembered was three of the men bending over her, one of them looking vaguely familiar. Chapter 3 The Fellowship of the Ring traversed up the snowy mountain pass for hours before they finally stop in the shelter of a cliff for the night. The Fellowship was comprised of nine companions on a secret quest. There was the old wizard, Gandalf the Grey, with his long grey beard, grey robes, blue pointy hat and a gnarled staff. Then there were two men, Aragorn, a Ranger of the north, and Boromir, captain of Gondor and son of its Steward. Legoles of Mirkwood was an elf, and Gimli, son of Gloin was a dwarf. The last four of the Company were Hobbits of the Shire: Frodo Baggins (the Ringbearer) and his childhood friends, Samwise Gamgee (known as Sam), Meriadoc Brandybuck (Merry), and Peregrin Took (called Pippin). As the temperature dropped, it became clear that a fire was necessary for the Fellowship's survival through the coldest part of the night. So, a fire was made from the wood each of the nine comrades had carried with them up the mountain, although it took the wizard Gandalf using magic to finally get the fire lit. "If there are any to see, at least I am revealed to them." Gandalf said as a spout of blue-green flame sprang out, and the wood flared and sputtered. "I have written Gandalf is here in signs that all can read from Rivendell to the mouths of Anduin." The snow continued to fall, and the night grew colder still. As the last pieces of wood were tossed on the fire, Aragon commented, "The night is getting old. The dawn is not far off." "If any dawn can pierce these clouds." replied Gimli gloomily. Boromir looked up