A Lesson in life Rating: PG Beta: San, thank you for your support Disclaimer: All recognisable characters belong to the Tolkien Estates and New Line Cinema. I only borrow them for a short time. Summary: Post LOTR; Aragorn deals with his son, after Eldarion did not behave like he is supposed to do, as a human being, a son and an heir to Gondor. A Lesson in Life "…" speech /…/ thoughts /Just a few moments, I only have to survive some more moments/ For the tenth time Aragorn glanced over to the windows to check if the sun had made enough progress to call an end to the audience. It was another day at court for him; not that he minded the bit, for it was his duty and his legacy. Yet every time he had to sit through an audience, he reminded himself of the fact that these were his people and that he was responsible for them. He shifted his weight a little to get into a more comfortable position on his throne, still silently cursing his ancestor who had built this very, very uncomfortable piece of furniture. Sometimes he thought about replacing this marbled monstrosity with a soft cushioned seat, but never acted on it. Yes, he could do that, he thought grudgingly, for he was king and his voice was law. A barely audible cough brought him back to the things at hand and a quick glance aside showed him that it was Faramir who had gestured as such to get his attention. Aragorn grinned a bit sheepishly and watched as his steward tried to stifle a laugh. Aragorn then re-focused his attention on the advisor who stood in front of the stairs and tried to explain why the court should not use this special kind of fabric for the napkins that would be used during banquets for foreign visitors. As far as he understood it had something to do with the amount of threads used for the weaving. That was the moment when he decided that enough was enough. He rose to his feet and opened his mouth to tell this little paper-shuffler where he could put his stupid napkins, when a commotion at the front door attracted his attention. Loud voices could be heard from the outside, denying entrance to some one who was obviously very angry. Aragorn thought that he knew the voice which yelled "Let me in!" but he was not sure, because he never had heard it in this volume. Only moments later the great doors banged open and revealed a struggling mass of guards which tried to restrain a single person. Aragorn was sure that he was asleep and only dreamed this event for it could never be that his best friend would fight against his guards to get into the throne room. No, he was definitely asleep; never ever would Legolas lose his composure in such manner that he would bite a guard in his ear to get free; nor would he kick another one in the guts. Aragorn winced with sympathy for the poor guy when the guard went down, groaning and writhing with pain. A short glance towards Faramir assured him that he really did not dream. For a moment he wondered if Faramir's jaw would be able to widen even more than it did now. That disbelieving expression on Faramirs face told him that this was reality, that he really heard his friend yelling on top of his lungs that he would kill that brat, no matter who or what this particular subject of his wrath was. Aragorn knew he should intervene and try to find out what had made his friend this upset and spare the poor guards some more bruises and strained joints. Aragorn cleared his throat to get some attention but it failed for no one noticed him. Everyone was watching the fight outside, the advisors with some fear in their eye. Fear? Yes, they were afraid, and he remembered that none of them had ever seen an elf this way. Perhaps they thought that he had gone mad and was about to kill them all. He made his way down the stairs and when he reached the ground in front of his throne he took a deep breath. "WHAT IN MORDOR IS GOING ON HERE!" Everything stopped: Every movement and even the yelling. With some satisfaction he noticed some of his advisors jump by the sound of his voice. It seemed that time itself has stopped. Frozen in the midst of struggle, the guards looked at their enraged king, still holding the elf at bay. It might have seemed comical to some to see Legolas this way: One leg outstretched to deliver another kick; but held in place by some guards; hands behind his back restrained by some others. It nearly looked like some kind of weird dance that was interrupted by the king's outburst. For a second their gazes locked. Aragorn swallowed hard when he noticed the rage in his friend's eyes. He had never seen the elf this furious, except in battle. To see this rage poised towards the guards like this was frightening to see. Maybe Legolas had gone insane... No, that could not be ... there had to be a reason behind this odd behaviour; a serious reason and he was determined to find out what had happened. Certain that he had the full attention of all attendees Aragorn straightened his pose, tearing his eyes away from his friend and addressing the gathered advisors as if nothing had ever happened. "Leave us alone, we will finish this later." He heard some murmured objections but not a single one dared to voice them out loud. /Cowards/ That was all he thought before he turned his attention back to the occurrence at the door, barely noticing that the advisors bowed and left the room in a rustle of silk and velvet. "Release him!" Aragorn ordered the guards who still prevented Legolas from entering the throne room. "I said release him and leave us alone!" he barked when none of the guards made an attempt to follow his orders at first. He felt a vein in his forehead starting to pound with anger, sensing that he would have a major headache later. One of the guards approached him cautiously and bowed. Aragorn tried to recall his name, remembering it finally as Tagor, one of the captains of the guard. "My liege, I'm sorry but I do not think it is wise to release the elf and leave him alone with you." Aragorn could feel smoke escaping his ears by hearing this statement, but Faramir was quicker in answering the soldiers. "Do you have such little faith in your king and I? Do you think that we are not able to defend ourselves against one man if it should deem necessary?" The steward asked with a ting of irritation in his voice. "I do apologize my lord, but it is my duty to keep you both safe and I do not want to be the one who has to tell the people of Gondor that their king and steward were killed by a mad elf." Slightly shaking Tagor looked up and met Faramir's eyes. The guard knew that he had upset his liege but he would be damned if he would let his attention slip only for a short moment. He would stand his place, even if it would mean that he would lose all that he had worked for in the last 15 years. But he would never leave his king alone at the mercy of an elf gone mad, not even when this particular elf was a lifelong friend of his liege and the lord of the realm of Ithilien and a trusted advisor to the court. He would stay at his liege's side, no matter what would come. A sharp intake of breath brought Tagor's attention back to his king and he swallowed when he noticed the look in Elessar's eyes. The king was furious but Tagor could not tell if this rage was pointed towards him or the elf and he did not want to find out if it was the latter. So he bowed once again to his king before he made an attempt to reason with him. "My liege, please, I do not know what has befallen Lord Legolas and I do not want you both to be hurt by him. I will order the guards to release him but only if you allow me to stay at your side for the time being, at least until we found out what happened." Aragorn knew that he could not win this battle. He knew the stubbornness of his guards when it came to his safety and he somewhat grumpily accepted the "bargain". He was more than eager to find out what had made his friend lose his temper this way. Plus, any more discussion would lead to further delay and he did not want to see his friend longer than necessary in the iron grip of his guards. So he reluctantly nodded his acceptance and Tagor signalled his men to release Legolas. It seemed that the guards were more than relieved to loosen their hold on the prince, judging from the speed they removed their hands from him. Legolas straightened his tunic and strode into the room with long paces, anger visible in every step he took. He more or less stomped into the hall, lacking all the lightness and grace which always had been in his movements. Legolas stepped straight up to Aragorn but had to stop when the figure of Tagor went in his line of sight, sword raised and pressed against his chest as a sign of warning. "Stop here! I will not allow you near the king, as long as you do not calm down." Legolas shot him a glance that held more venom then Aragorn had ever expected to see in his friend's eyes but the guard did not waver; he still stood his ground against the angry elf. Aragorn took the last step that separated him from the marble tiles. Walking up to the guard he grasped the outstretched hand of Tagor and pressed the blade down until it no longer was pointed at Legolas' chest. "It will be all right. Thank you for your concern and your sense of duty, but I have known this elf my whole life and I know that no harm will ever come from him." Aragorn felt the tension in the guard's muscles but he was sure that he did the right thing. For a moment it seemed as if Tagor would not stand back, but then he bowed and stepped aside. Yet he did not sheath his sword nor did he step back too far out of reach. Aragorn turned his full attention to his friend. "By the Valar, Legolas, what has happened to you? I have never seen you this enraged." Aragorn tried to keep his voice steady, but he could not prevent a slight anger creeping into the question. "What has happened? You really want to know what happened to me? I will tell you what happened. Your son happened," Legolas snapped. "My son?" Aragorn was confused. For what could a fourteen-year-old human possibly to do cross Legolas so that he would lose all decorum and patience? "Yes, your son... this spoiled little brat you called your son, and the heir of Gondor." Legolas growled, shaking with suppressed fury. "What has my son to do with all of this? You behave like an orc and you can hardly blame a little boy..." " A little boy?" Legolas interrupted him, a thing he rarely did. "A little boy...!" "You ... you... you really have no clue what your son is, do you?" Legolas stepped forward and pushed an accusing finger against Aragorn's chest to emphasize his words, much to the chagrin of