Disclaimer: Remus, Sirius, James, Lily and Peter all belong to J.K. Rowling, of course. Although the depth of Remus's obliviousness in this fan-fiction is entirely of my own creation. ;) Notes/Warnings: Based on an adorable headcanon that I saw on Tumblr once. Wolfstar, Marauder's era Remus/Sirius with a hint of Lily/James. Lots of fluff with a dash of humour and clueless Remus. The Truth in the Dare After a few seconds of pointedly ignoring his friend's presence, Remus looked up over his book to see Sirius sitting cross-legged on the floor of the sixth-year boys' dormitory. "Moony," Sirius told him with a sigh after a few seconds of staring up at Remus, looking very solemn, "I'm terribly sorry, but I'm afraid I'm going to have to snog you again." Remus stared at Sirius with a raised eyebrow. "Again?" he asked Sirius, definitely sounding more surprised and exasperated than he actually felt. "It's a dare, you see," Sirius blurted out, looking uncharacteristically flustered as he continued speaking. "All James's fault, or maybe it was Peter's, I can't remember now…Anyway, I can't back out of a dare, can I? Gryffindor pride and all that…" Remus was hardly surprised that James, Peter and Sirius were taking part in yet another game of Truth or Dare (a game that they played almost as often as Quidditch now, especially after a few firewhiskies on a Saturday evening), and he also wasn't upset about the fact that his fellow Marauders hadn't asked him to play. They knew very well that Remus was rather shy and reserved, and that the thought of playing any games that would force him to 'perform' in front of a crowd filled him with nothing but dread. No, he was much happier to hide away in the peaceful silence of the dormitory, wearing his jumpers and his Gryffindor scarf, reading one of his many books while he waited for the noise in the common room to die down. Yet apparently the only exception to this exclusion from Truth or Dare was when it came to snogging Sirius, as Remus had somehow been very much a participant in this part of the game ever since he had agreed to the first snog. Remus was a bit surprised, however, by the idea that the group of Gryffindors who were playing the game had yet again dared Sirius to snog him. After all, it had happened at least twice during the previous game of Truth of Dare last weekend, and about three times the weekend before that, and at least once per game every time before that. Remus really thought that the so-called champions of Truth or Dare would have come up with some new dares by now. Besides, it didn't exactly match up to James and Peter's usual creativity and originality, to simply dare Sirius to carry out the same dare over and over again. "I can't believe you're making me watch this, Padfoot! Again !" James Potter mumbled from where he was sitting on the floor by the dormitory door, as though echoing Remus's thoughts. He had apparently been dragged to the room to 'witness' the dare in order to confirm to the other Gryffindors that Sirius had definitely done it. "Shut it, Prongs, you might actually learn a thing or two from this!" Sirius snapped back at him sarcastically, at the same time giving Remus his usual pleading look with his puppy-dog eyes, silently begging Remus to just go along with it now that he had shown so much bravado in front of James. Remus noticed that James was blushing, and he couldn't help wondering if in spite of James's appearance of confidence and experience with witches, perhaps he hadn't really had his first kiss yet; it seemed likely to Remus that James was saving himself for the day his 'one true love' Lily Evans finally decided that he wasn't such a prat after all, although Remus was really starting to wonder if that day would ever come. "Oh, all right!" Remus eventually snapped at Sirius, slamming his book shut. He was sure that he caught a hint of a smirk from Sirius as he jumped up from the floor and quickly squeezed into the chair next to Remus, so that they were sitting right next to each other, turning their heads so that they were almost face to face. Remus made sure to let out a loud, obvious, exasperated sigh as Sirius got closer to him, the way he always did when this happened. Although, in all honesty, it wasn't exactly a chore or a burden for Remus to let Sirius snog him. Remus had once thought that he hated snogging, as the whole thing had always been rather boring with the two witches he had previously snogged, and he had always felt like he had to pretend to be enjoying himself whenever his one and only girlfriend had dragged him away to an old broomstick cupboard between classes last year (the 'relationship' might have only lasted a month, but Remus was still counting her as an actual girlfriend, if only to save himself from any teasing from his best friends about his lack of experience). But when it came to snogging Sirius in the middle of every game of Truth or Dare, it was the other way around-Remus always felt like he had to pretend to dislike it, when really, he secretly quite enjoyed it. Something about the way Sirius kissed him always made him feel an odd tingling sensation from head to toe that he had never felt before with anyone else, and it made Remus think that perhaps snogging wasn't so bad after all. Yet Remus didn't like to admit to this, because he didn't understand why this would be the case; he couldn't understand why the prospect of Sirius getting dared to kiss him was far more exciting than any past snogging sessions with his former 'girlfriend' had ever been. Remus didn't have time to give the matter any further thought though, because Sirius had leaned in and started to kiss him before he could let out another pretend exasperated sigh. There was nothing slow or uncertain about Sirius's kisses now, the way there had once been when Sirius had first accepted a dare to snog Remus. Now, the kisses were all tongues (usually at Sirius's insistence) with a little bit of nibbling and lip-biting. Sirius even ran a hand slowly through Remus's hair as he continued to snog him, while his other hand softly caressed Remus's face. Out of the corner of his eye, Remus could see that James was watching them with an expression of interest, although he quickly looked away and put on a bored expression when he realised that Remus was staring at him. When they were in the moment, the snogging seemed to last for ever, but the second Sirius pulled away from him, Remus had the strange feeling that it had ended far too soon. "Well, thanks, Moony!" Sirius grinned at him, as though Remus had simply let Sirius share a bar of his favourite chocolate with him. He winked at Remus as he left the dormitory. James quickly followed him, now looking slightly traumatised by what he had just witnessed. Remus felt a strange sense of sadness as Sirius's footsteps faded away, but he ignored the feeling, telling himself that he was being ridiculous, especially when he saw Sirius all the time. He simply picked up his book and continued reading, although he couldn't help grinning a bit to himself every time he turned the page as he thought about Sirius's lips on his. After he had read a chapter or two, Remus started to pick up on various voices coming from the common room, probably due to the fact that those partaking in the game of Truth or Dare were getting louder in their enthusiasm. From what he could make out, James had just been dared to do some sort of striptease. He heard a noise that sounded like James had jumped onto a table, no doubt hoping to be fully visible and to attract the largest possible audience in the common room, and then he heard Peter and a few of the other boys improvising the music using their voices and various objects and surfaces in the common room, while Sirius cat-called and wolf-whistled at James, apparently encouraging him to go further in his dare. Remus shuddered to himself. He had seen James stripping off in public, once, after a few drinks, before the four of them had been unceremoniously thrown out of the Hog's Head, so he could imagine what the scene in the common room looked like, although he personally had no desire to repeat the experience first-hand. He tried to ignore the stubborn, curious voice in his head asking him if he would feel the same way if Sirius suddenly started stripping off in the middle of the Gryffindor common room. "Take it off, James!" he heard Sirius shout out with laughter in his voice, while a few girls squealed in apparent appreciation. "Come on, Evans!" Remus then heard Sirius call out. "Surely you wouldn't mind a piece of that ?!" "Sod off, Black!" he heard Lily snap at Sirius from the other side of the room. Remus was certain that Lily had no interest whatsoever in playing James and Sirius's game of Truth or Dare, and she was probably hiding away in a corner with her own group of friends, trying to avoid the Marauders as best she could. After that, the noise died down again. Remus was therefore a little surprised when he heard the distinct footsteps of Sirius Black on the stairs about twenty minutes later. He was also surprised when a tingle of anticipation suddenly seemed to spread through his body. " Moony …" said Sirius, the second the dormitory door burst open. The pleading expression was back on his face, and Remus wondered why he could never resist those puppy-dog eyes. "They dared you again ?" Remus asked him, trying all over again to sound exasperated. "I'm afraid so," Sirius told him, sounding somewhat annoyed but also looking like he was struggling to suppress a grin, and Remus didn't understand why he felt a strange flicker of happiness at the realisation that Sirius didn't exactly look upset at the prospect of having to snog Remus for the second time in one night. Sirius was followed into the dormitory by James, whose tie was currently fastened around his head, and his shirt was still unbuttoned after his 'striptease', leaving a lot of his bare torso on show, and then (much to Remus's amazement), Lily Evans appeared in the room. She seemed to walk almost casually around the dormitory for at least a few seconds before she suddenly stopped and looked a bit horrified, as though only just realising that James and Sirius had somehow persuaded her that she needed to act as yet another 'witness' to Remus and Sirius's snogging session. "What I am even doing here?" she asked, more to herself than anyone else. "I'm not even playing Truth or Dare!" "It must be James's charm and power of seduction," Sirius told her with a grin. "He must have a way of getting pretty girls to go up to his dormitory with him!" "Shut it, Black!" Lily snapped at him again with a roll of her eyes, although she didn't make a move to leave. In fact, Remus couldn't help noticing that her eyes flickered discreetly in the direction of James's torso every few seconds, and then she seemed to look him up and down with interest, before she quickly turned away from him and blushed. Well, that was new. It was definitely a change from Lily's usual look of disgust whenever James asked her out in front of all of her friends. Remus decided that he was definitely going to have to discuss this brand new development at some