Hi there. This is a new story and it's where I completely mess up with the plot. I am not sure about the ages of the characters but just go with it for the sake of the story. If you guys could just point out any mistakes, then that would be great. This idea came to me after watching 'Hit the Top' (it's a Korean drama) and then I thought why not. However there are only a few similarities. This story may end up as a monstrous piece of work or an actual delight. But nevertheless, I will work to finish this off. Chapters are usually over 1000 words or more. Enjoy the story and review, it would be greatly appreciated. DISCLAIMER- I do not own the Harry Potter world, it belongs to Harry Potter. I only own the ocs in this story. I also do not own 'Hit the Top', the only thing I have taken from there and merged with Harry Potter is some of the key elements, which I will not reveal for the sake of the story. However, it will be revealed at the very end. Chapter 1 I have a feeling that today is not going to be a good day thought Regulus Black as he stared out of the window. He watched the passing scenery of dark green woodland tree blankly. At the age of 15, he was considered to be handsome by his peers. Even though it wasn't to the degree of his older and rebellious brother , Regulus didn't mind. With grey eyes, jet-black hair and the high-cheek bones most Blacks had, he was definitely a Black. And that was fine in his books. "What are you doing over the holidays , Regulus?" Regulus looked away from the window and turned to his friend. He answered politely,"Nothing much, honestly. I expect mother and father to drag me to parties and balls. " Evan Rosier looked at his friend in surprise. His friend usually went off abroad with this family every single holiday. His mother often nagged his father to take them on the same extravagant holidays the Black had as she couldn't take any of her sister-in-law's boasting any longer. He remarked civilly," That sounds interesting." Barty Crouch howled out, "Interesting? More like boring!" Barty Crouch was the sole Ravenclaw in their circle of friends, but that didn't stop him from associating with Slytherins. The residents in the compartment soon joined in the laughter. "I expect it being like that after what your brother did. Your parents must be ashamed, especially after your cousin, Andromeda, what was it ? Ran off with a mudblood!" mocked Barty. At that point, everyone hushed down. They all knew Sirius and Andromeda was a dangerous topic to talk about to Regulus. It was a rule among them not to mention their names in his presence, they couldn't risk the Black Heir's anger. Who knows what he would do in revenge? However, it was rather obvious that Barty Crouch chose to ignore this. "I trust you ,Crouch have an interesting holiday? I heard your father was busy though with all the protection laws for light houses, "drawled out Regulus, whilst turning page in his book of potions. Barty suddenly paled, stammered out, "Um well-" Regulus, of course, had no intention of Crouch talk and continued on, "Oh and tell me ? When is he going to stop persecuting the Dark Houses? We've done nothing wrong, haven't we? " Silence hung in the compartment thickly, suffocating all but Regulus, who was well accustomed to this silence. "Did you guys hear that Rabastan Lestrange broke off his engagement with Artemisia Malfoy?" Alecto Carrow blurted out, hoping to break the ice. He was the heir to the Carrow Fortune and had plans to join the mysterious group of Death Eaters. His good friend Evan was also planning to join and so, they were both planning to be initiated during the Summer Holidays, something that both of their parents did not like. "For Merlin's sake, why do you always gossip?" his twin, Alexis complained. With blonde hair and warm brown eyes, she made a wonderful sight to look at, but to the dismay of many young men, she only had eyes for one man, who was unfortunately cursed with the trait of dense. With the silence broken, the conversation resumed. "I heard Artemisia Malfoy broke it off first," Alecto informed matter-of-factly to his fellow Slytherins. He knew what ran in and out of the Wizarding World. Maybe not that far, but he knew everything in Hogwarts, something he was quite proud of. Charlus Greengrass put his knut in by saying," No she didn't. Lestrange did." Alexis nodded. "Don't be ridiculous! Have you seen Lestrange ? Malfoy looks like a bloody angel. Lestrange looks like a squished pig!" roared Evan. Barty Crouch nodded, finding Evan's reason to be logical and justified. At that point, the carriage door opened. "Evan , someday your mouth is going to get you killed." Regulus said dryly with amusement dancing in his eyes. Standing by the door was Rabastan Lestrange, who was looking murderously at Evan Rosier. The latter tried to appease his upperclassman immediately. "Mate, I'm sure Malfoy was a bitch." Luck was indeed not on the Rosier Heir's side as unfortunately for him, Lucius Malfoy was walking past coincidentally and had heard this and immediately rushed in to glare at Evan. "My sister is not a bitch." "The engagement was mutually broken off." Evan looked at the two irate Slytherins in dread. "Merlin's saggy balls" The two Slytherins dragged Evan with them, who was begging his friends to come and rescue him. They of course, wisely decided not to join him, not wanting to risk the wrath of their upperclassmen. Alexis turned to her brother and whispered, "And that is why don't gossip." She stood up and announced, "Right boys, I am going to go and chat with the ladies , you guys are already dull as it is." With that, she left with her nose in the air, leaving behind an annoyed brother, two offended friends and… an indifferent friend, who was rather focused on his book. Barty, after making sure Alexis was gone, made for his bag, where he handed out a bunch of highly unappropriate magazines to his friends. Alecto thanked him," You're great, mate. I can't live without you." "How do your parents even allow you to have this?" Charlus questioned. Barty grinned and winked at him," It's a secret I shall take to the grave." He then went towards Regulus. "So Reg, do you want this or not?" Regulus looked up from his book, "Nah, I actually have standards unlike you people." Alecto then remembered, "Right no muggle stuff." Charlus sighed to Alecto, " Is your sister always so…" Alecto gave a range of answers," Uptight? Prickly? Prudish? Hypocritical? I honestly could go on and on." Charlus nodded, finding all to be perfectly usable in describing her. "Yup." Barty looked at Alecto sympathetically. "Damn." Alecto sighed dramatically with his hand on his heart, " Imagine me, I have to face her every single day." "Ouch." "Bloody hell, she's always such a hypocrite. Come on, we all know what she's going to do with the girls," seethed out Alecto. "We are not dull, we're cool," retorted Charlus. "And that is why you shouldn't gossip!" mocked Barty. "Why does she always have to be such a fucking perfect prefect? Just why?" moaned Alecto. Whilst the three boys were moaning about their fellow Slytherin, neither of them noticed Alexis standing outside. But Regulus did. But why would he ruin the drama? He was a Black and drama was a daily occurrence for them. Of course it was amusing at times, but sometimes...it can be annoying and boring. With a loud thud, Alexis entered in. She shoved her brother to get her bag. On the way out, she looked at the boys, with narrowed eyes, and replied to her brother spitefully, "Because someone has to be you fucking idiot." The door slammed loudly, leaving behind three stupefied boys and a smirking boy. "Did she really have to slam that loudly?" remarked Regulus as he picked out another book to read through. Alecto, Barty and Charlus turned to Regulus in unison and said, " Did you see her ?" He replied with nonchalant shrug, " Hmm, maybe , maybe not." Charlus then uttered a single word that pretty much summed up the situation for him, "Fuck" Alecto nodded his head," Double fuck." Barty then looked confusedly at both and asked, " Wait , so did he see her or not?" "You guys should apologise soon, we're nearly there." Regulus said. Barty then felt realisation hit him." You bastard" "I am going to Hell." Alecto whimpered. He placed his head in hands and began muttering gibberish. Alexis then barged in with a smile far too wide for the boys' liking and said , " No ,you're going to die actually Alecto. Oh, and it's nice to know how you guys feel about me." On that note, she left for good. At that point, the train had stopped moving. Regulus stood up and said, " Have a great holiday guys." He then left after hearing his friends' replies. He made his way out of the sea of reds, yellows, blues and greens. He was due to meet his parents at the platform. They started to come to pick him up after Sirius left home. It was never a home to him, a prison Regulus thought bitterly. He knew his parents came just to see Sirius, or at least secretly look at him. It was painfully obvious. But he chose to ignore it. He can try. Try and imagine it is for him that they are coming. "Come now, Regulus we haven't got much time. We're having a family dinner," his mother barked at him. Wild grey eyes looked at him for a second before moving on. His mother used to have the same black hair as many of the Blacks but over time, threads of grey grew and his mother started to cover it up with glamours. Regulus had a feeling she would do it until her dying day; to her perfection was everything. He dutifully follows her, like his father. The dynamics with his parents' relationship was interesting in his view. Orion Black , silent and stoic as a statue, never took charge. He never really had a mind of his own. He always seemed to be following his mother and doing whatever she says, like a puppet. His mother was loud. Loud in a bad way. Walburga took charge of the household and often verbally stated her opinions in everything. An implacable woman, hard to please many would also had the unfortunate tendency to behead every House-elf that has ever served the House of Black, an ancient tradition Regulus hated. Walburga had a terrible temper and often wore her heart on her sleeve. Like Sirius he thought. Regulus had thought she must've been a Gryffindor once. Of course, when he mentioned this to her, she looked at him disgusted and forced him to never mention it again. When he had arrived in Grimmauld Place, he was immediately dismissed to his own room. As he made his way up to his room, he paused and looked at a room that once belonged to his brother. The door' black paint was falling apart, revealing the white. Sirius was the white sheep of the family he thought sardonically. Surprisingly, the room was still there, even though it's been a year since his brother left. He had expected it to be demolished or at least renovated, but clearly, his parents still had the hope their older son would return. It hurts he thought as he stared at ruined door. But even then, I still hope. It was at 6, when he came down dressed in a suit. He and