At the bottom of this page: Author's Note The Meaning of the Titles Customs Touched On Here Sources and Inspiration . . LORNARION Lithuin Tindu or Out of the Ashes at Twilight Prologue Annuinant . . I . He really didn't want to admit it, but he felt strangely naked without the Ranger at his back now. Anarmacil gritted his teeth against the sensation, but it persisted. Somehow, in the week since he and Elluine had been picked up by the Ranger and his men, the Liemuina youth had become used to the presence of the Numenorean at his back, watching out for the two Hidden Ones despite Anarmacil's surliness. And now... now they were alone in the middle of Hobbiton. Furious at the Ranger, Anar cursed him silently. He hated it here. He led Ambarone on foot, Elluine slumping in the saddle. She was exhausted, that he could see easily. Her injuries were still not even half-healed, and had been worse than his own to start with. That, and her unfamiliarity with sleeping in the wilderness, had turned her into a practically lifeless zombie. He was a little better off. He could still trudge. He had asked directions to Bag End off of a Hobbit maiden, who had stuttered them out while staring at the black bruise where his cheek used to be. Doltish girl. He hated being stared at. He knew what the Halflings were thinking when they stared at him that way. Their round, fearful eyes told him that no matter what he had done, no matter why he had done it, to them he would always be a butcher, a murderer. He had helped save the forests during the Fell Winter, helped to save the Hobbits. But he was from the Village, and he was a soldier, a warrior - his sword wet with the blood of a thousand enemies sweat and blood dripping into his eyes the burning sting of a thousand cuts blazing across every inch of exposed skin the right side of his face throbbing hotly across his cracked cheekbone the crimson cloth across his mouth the only thing preventing the thick, choking smoke from fouling his lungs... His clenched fists were what snapped him back from the past, back into the grips of reality. His nails, short and ragged, were slowly gouging painful crescents into his palms. The pain - and the lack of a sword hilt in his hand - reminded him that nothing here was as it had been. He was not one of the despised heroes, and the Hobbit girl was only staring at him because he was a frightful sight, barely healed bruises and black-scabbed cuts, one arm in a sling to appease Aragorn's nagging, his clothes disheveled and travel-stained. The girl wasn't looking at him for him . She was looking because he was a Village lad in a sorry state. After her stumbling curtsy and mumbled directions, he immediately started moving away from her. Once out of sight, he knew she'd immediately go back to her chores. He was grateful for that. "You're anxious," Elluine said softly. She didn't seem to notice the people staring at them. He couldn't stop himself from flinching under their seemingly accusing eyes. Around and around in his head, he whispered, I'm not a murderer, I'm not a murderer, I'm not, I'm not... "Anar?" His friend's voice was softer than mist. "What's wrong?" The youth didn't answer her. He couldn't. Too many memories threatened to slash him to ribbons. He saw the Hobbit holes, saw the Little People scurrying about their lives, and wondered if they knew how close it had come to their extinction all those years ago. He looked at the white road, the dirt a strange color like dusty bone, and shuddered as bloody slush superimposed itself in his eyes over what was really there. The world darkened to night for a long moment, a night lit up by burning thatch and flaming trees, and he instinctively closed his eyes against the sight of a long ago battle field. He tried to force himself back to the present. Not the past, he thought forcibly to himself. Not Buckland. Not the Smials. Not the Old Forest. This is Hobbiton. It's daytime. It's summer, still. You're with Elluine, not Naira. Everything is fine. Open your eyes and see it's all fine. As he thought these things to himself, he opened his eyes. He had to focus on something real, something in the here and now. The only thing in front of him was the Hobbit town, and just the thought threatened to plunge him back into half-real memories of too real horrors. He jerked his head around, the bones in his neck popping in protest, seeking for something to lock his eyes onto, and he found Elluine's crystal blue eyes, her silver-gold hair, her pale, too thin face. For a moment, that was all he needed. He was in Hobbiton, with Elluine, in the summer. Not in the forest, with Naira and the others, in the depths of the Fell Winter. Not in the battles his father had commanded him to forget... And that was his undoing. Thoughts of his father were his downfall. Elluine's pale eyes shifted by only a shade, darkening only a minute bit, her hair lightening to shock whiteness, and he was wrenched out of the relative safety of the mind that Ellie's face had granted him. It was only a single moment in time, but it shredded his self-control and thrust him back into memories - battle cries and curses from familiar throats the clash of metal, blade against blade blistering heat as the sun beats down upon them at noontide Anar swearing under his breath at his own idiocy, to have attacked a Fainmando in broad daylight the stench of smoke and blood choking him fire blazing in his chest, a burning pain, scorching and searing his heart someone screaming, screaming and calling his name, screaming... "Anar!" She screams, and he turns to her blue eyes, darker than water crystals, electrified by fright arrow whistling through the air toward an unprotected back piercing flesh with a wet, clotted sound and she screams " Anar!" "Anar!" He jerked back to himself at the sound of Elluine calling his name. He blinked rapidly, his eyes stinging, and fought back what might have been called tears if seen swimming in the eyes of someone else. But he refused to allow himself to consider the possibility that this wretched Halfling township had the ability to reduce him nearly to tears – not after everything he had done to strengthen his hold on his self-control. He blinked back the stinging wetness and looked around, for the first time realizing that he'd been walking the whole time. They were nearly through the town already. Bag End was close. They were near the drive. A little ways past the Hill of Bag End was the woods. They called to him, whispered of peace from the town that raked up so many cruel memories. "Anar," the water-fated Liemuina girl called tentatively from Ambarone's back. "Anar, are you all right? What's wrong?" "Nothing," he said mechanically, lying through his teeth, breaking yet another of the Hidden People's laws. But he couldn't tell her. He wasn't even sure what he could have said. He wondered briefly if he was going mad. He'd had the same thought, years ago, when he and Naira and Linde had been separated at first. He'd thought he'd been going mad because wherever he turned around, he saw familiar violet or sunrise colored eyes, the lovely raven black or copper fire hair that made his heart thump painfully in his chest. He would blink, and the images would disappear, rendering unto his questing, hungry gaze the familiar outlines of the forest, the Village, or its people. He hated that. He despised it. And now the memories of war were threatening to swamp him, drown him, butcher him. He bit his lip until he tasted blood, hoping the pain would drown out the voices of the trees, and it did, but the taste of coppery blood dragged him down into the memories of battle- steel clanging against vilyekemen sweat and blood pouring down his face shoulder burning where an Orc blade strikes armor, cracking the bone muscles ache as he blocks sword thrust after sword thrust salt stings in a thousand cuts, makes his eyes burn he's lost his helmet somehow, but it doesn't matter, he must fight, must keep on arms and shoulders and legs burning with fatigue a silver horn bugling in the distance, calling them back to the Smials, to protect the Thain must run to protect the Thain dodge the enemy's blades slash, thrust a sword comes hurtling towards his face... He came to himself in the woods, curled up on his knees, sagging against the trunk of an aged pine, his arms curling around his chest. He sucked in air, gasping for breath in the aftermath of the flashback. His heart felt as if it would shatter his ribs. All he could do was cry, great breathless sobs, and rock himself back and forth as twilight - when had it fallen - continued to deepen. He hugged himself as the tremors threatened to tear him apart, ripping at him from the gaping hole in his chest and thrusting outwards. He gasped for breath, shuddering. Laughter, soft and feminine, filled his ears, wrenching at him. He clapped his hands against his head. He didn't see that his knuckles were suddenly scraped and bleeding, his palms bruised from beating the rough trunk of the pine tree and the stony soil. He tried to block out the laughter, tried to forget the images blasting through his mind. Elusive as poison breath, they flickered in and out of his consciousness, dragging at him, slashing at him. Agony, gripping his chest in a vise, spasmed through his body, and he passed out into merciful unconsciousness. Elluine was not by his side. . II . Anarmacil came to himself with a shudder and blinked his eyes open, just staring up at the sky and getting his bearings. He was in the woods, he knew. He smelled leaf mold and resinous bark, felt the prick of pine needles and the sharp contours of stones beneath his back, pressing into his skin despite the red wool shirt and leather vest he wore. His clothes were so worn after the last week, he was surprised his vest didn't have gapped stitching at the seams. He saw dark sky overhead, the pinpricks of silver white and ice blue stars wheeling over his head. He sighed, and inhaled the warm, summer night air. Wood smoke touched his nose, and his ears picked up the crackling of flames and a song sung low and soft, in fluent Elvish. The Liemuina youth's blood ran cold for a moment at finding himself in the company of another before he realized that he recognized the owner of the singing voice. Aragorn. Anarmacil found himself transfixed by the soft singing, a song he had never heard before, but somehow, he recognized the pain, the grief, the longing infused with the Ranger's voice as he sang. "Aran eänë yáressë nó Atani vantaner cemenessë túrerya né ortaina hróto lumbulë, márya né or tumbo ar taurë. Lassiva rierya, laiqua collarya telpië ehtaryar andë ar aicë, i silmë turmaryassë né mapaina..." The boy sat up gingerly, feeling his aches in places he didn't even think existed in a normal person. He looked around now, and saw that he'd been wrapped in his own cloak, as well as a leather coat and a second, mottled gray and green cloak made of thick cloth. It was pinned with a reddish gold leaf from a tree he didn't recognize. For a moment, he found himself transfixed by the sight of that reddish gold, and though it was a broach,