A tale the young people who often slipped through the cracks in the long-ago times. As finished as it's going to get. Hopefully, my geography is accurate, if not, please tell me and I'll fix it! And, as always, all of the characters, places, and many of the events belong to or were inspired by J.R.R. Tolkien, who was (and still is) the greatest wordsmith, loremaster, and linguist of all time. Enjoy. Aira stooped to gather another handful of sweet wild blueberries, not neglecting to pop a few into her mouth before gently putting the rest into her pail. The afternoon sun steeped warmly through her thin dress and heated her curly brown hair. She could hear the laughter of the other children as she worked. She had come to the village as an orphaned babe, and while the last of the village children had stopped inviting her to their games when she was four, she still felt a distinct longing to join them, even two years later. Aira sighed and when on with her berry gathering while the other children continued their games. She made her way down the side of a low hill and found a large, untouched patch of blueberries at its foot. She gave a delighted laugh, plopped down in a small clearing among the low bushes, seemingly made just for her. She began to play her own games, talking to the wind, playing "squash the mean child" with overripe berries, and seeing animals in the clouds in the sky. After a while, she grew sleepy, filled to the brim with blueberries and the warm rays of the sun. She curled up in the little hollow and soon fell fast asleep. A Ranger looked back to the Weathertop hills, then forward to Chetwood. He shifted his lean pack and continued onward, a calloused right hand on his sword hilt, preventing the longsword from striking tussocks of grass, stones, and other such pieces of the terrain. He was headed to Bree for a rest and a good draught of ale at the Prancing Pony. The day had proved to be unseasonably warm, and he had removed the sleeves of his green longcoat, stowing them in his pack. His scouting had been long and hard. He had dispatched no few stray orcs during the fortnight's time and he was due for a good rest. The sun was setting magnificently, and as he rounded a small hill, he paused to admire it, the cool breeze ruffling his ragged hair. But then, something caught at the corner of his senses. If he could have, he probably would have pricked his ears, as it was, he strained to listen to something he thought he heard in the distance. A stray wind brought it to him: a child's cry. Aira had woken to the lazy hum of fat bumblebees and a distinct lack of childish laughter. She sat up and listened quietly; nothing but the hum of the bees in the heather and an occasional birdcall could be heard. She felt fear rising in her, but she did not utter a word as she climbed to the top of the hill. Looking about, she saw no one. Not even the heads of the older girls sent to keep watch over the children. Still trying to keep her growing fear down, she started walking in what she thought was the direction of Bree, her hometown. She had somehow managed to remember to bring her pail with her, but after what seemed like an eternity of walking, she knew herself to be lost. Aira had enough sense to stay where she was, but that did not mean she wasn't going to cry. At first, she just talked to the wind, asking it if it knew where her home was. When the breeze grew colder in response, she was frightened and did not speak to it again. She did not know that it only grew colder because twilight was almost upon her, but she soon found out. The sun was low in the sky, staining it blood red, when she truly began to be afraid. She sat huddled by the pail of berries, munching on one or two occasionally, for she was slightly hungry. Soon, she grew thirsty as well, but dared not move from her place. As the shadows lengthened, the small girl began to imagine all sorts of fell beasts in the wild, and so, to comfort herself, she imagined the villagers of Bree lighting the dark with bright torches, spread across the countryside in search of her. They would call her name, and she would call back. "She's over here!" they would joyously shout, and come rushing with warm blankets and hot drinks and plenty of cosseting. "We were so worried!" they would exclaim and carry her home, laughingly chastising her for being so determined to stray so far in search of the best berries. A sharp snap broke her reverie. "Hello?" she called out into the near-dark, frightened even more. A rustle on her left gave her wide eyes, and she shrieked when the brush parted to reveal... a rabbit. Aira sighed in relief, and reached to pet it, but it bounded away. "Wait!" she cried, running after it. "Come back!" She had left the pail of berries. The rabbit outran her in no time and disappeared into the thick brush. Aira trotted to a gasping halt, and, realizing what she had done, let out a wail. Then, she remembered that orcs roamed these lands and quickly silenced herself. But the silence was too much, so she sang softly and rocked against the coming night. The Ranger immediately headed in the direction of the child's cry, heedless of the rough and uneven ground in the fading twilight. Oddly enough, he found himself headed toward Fornost and the North Downs. After about a half hour's time, he found that the terrain gave way to blueberry brush, mostly picked over. That had to be the explanation, he thought. Some child had gotten separated from the rest of the group and had gotten lost. But why hadn't anyone thought to look for her? She should have been found hours ago. The Ranger shook his head and continued onward. He soon came upon a small hollow in a thicket of blueberry brush. It looked as if something small had curled up and stayed there for a long time. It had to be the child. He tracked tiny footsteps north, then came upon a pail of blueberries. A small smile curved its way across his lips and he picked it up, fastening the tiny thing to his belt. Rabbit tracks and slight, running footprints explained the abandoned berries. He followed the trail and soon heard weak, frightened singing: the voice of a small girlchild. He made as little noise as possible, so as not to frighten her, but he knew his appearance was less than scrupulous. Then, a thought occurred to him, and he began to hum snatches of a tune from his childhood and stopped trying to hide his footsteps. Aira began to cry a bit, tears streaking her dusty face, but she kept singing, certain it would help keep the nasties of the night at bay. Then, out of nowhere, she heard the humming of a tune. She quit her own song to listen, frightened, but hopeful. The humming grew louder and she could just barely hear footsteps softly thudding in time to the song. Aira sniffed, hastily wiped her eyes, and stood. She opened her mouth and croaked, "Hello?" She cleared her throat and tried again, "Hello?" The humming stopped, as did the footsteps. "Yes?" a low, rough voice replied. Aira grew instantly more frightened, sure it was an orc. She made no sound and crouched back down again, half-expecting a snuffling black head with a horrific face and dagger teeth to pop out from the brush. Instead, the footsteps grew closer and the voice said again, "I won't hurt you," it promised. "Where are you?" it was kinder this time, clearer, less menacing. Aira somehow felt that the owner of this voice would help her, so she stood once again and said timidly, "Over here." The Ranger had heard her when she had first spoken, but waited until she felt bolder before replying. He assumed his voice had frightened her, so he had tried again until she had replied. He moved toward the sound of her voice until he was quite close, then, for her benefit, he drew a tiny lantern from his pack and lit it with a steel-and-flint. He held it up and saw the small thing that stood, half-defiant, right where he had expected her to be. She was a tiny scrap of a thing, with wild brown hair, dark brown eyes, and rosy cheeks that were hidden with dirt and tearstains. She sniffled, then shivered in the cool night breeze, for she was wearing only a thin dress. He crouched, smiled, and said gently, "My name is Strider, what is yours?" She ducked her head, shy, and replied softly, "Aira." "Ah," Strider said, understanding. " 'Copper colored,' is it?" She looked confused, so he clarified, "That is what your name means in Elvish." Her eyes grew wide and sparkled at the mention of elves. "Do you know them?" she asked in awe. He smiled, "Elves? Oh yes. I lived with them for a time." Aira gasped, "Truly?" Strider smiled again, "Truly and surely." Then his smile faded and memories swamped him, "But it was long ago." Suddenly, he noticed that she was still shivering. "Come," he said warmly and held out a rough, calloused hand. "You need to get warm." Aira hesitated, looking at him warily, then carefully took his hand. Strider was careful not to live up to his name and gently guided the young snip of a girl to someplace decent to camp, as they were still much too far away from Bree and she much too tired to attempt the journey back. He would've carried her, but he doubted she would submit to that. Besides, she needed to get warm and get some food into her. He chose a small hollow at the base of a hill, something that was once small gravel pit, by the looks of it. It was now overgrown with lush grass and its back side bore the brunt of the northern wind. He built a small fire, set her next to it, and wrapped her in his longcoat. He took out a packet of waybread and set it to warm by the fire. When it was hot, he handed it to Aira and began to make tea. She ate it silently, all wide eyes. Strider smiled at her and turned back to the fire. Aira had been wary of the big man who looked so rough, but he had been kind and she had no other rescuer, so she had followed his lead. She thought they were going back to the village, but when he stopped and made a fire, she was a bit frightened. However, the man named Strider gave her his warm coat and some hot bread, so she relaxed a bit. She was ravenous, but ate slowly to be polite. After that she was quite thirsty, and was relieved when the man made her some tea. She sipped it hastily, burning her tongue, but she said nothing. Then, Strider asked, "Do you live in Bree?" "Yes," she replied timidly. "With whom?" "Mistress Falla, the innkeeper's wife," she replied. "Where are your parents?" he asked after a moment of comfortable silence. Aira paused, then said, "My mama died when I was a babe. I don't know who my papa is." Strider's heart nearly broke in two at that statement. "I see," he said quietly. "Did Mistress Falla adopt you?" The child looked sadly at him, "I am her scullery maid. I help her in the kitchen." He closed