AN: This was written for Fandom Against Domestic Violence 2011. Thank you so much to Mollie, who originally beta'd it and Mel for pre-reading it. Also a huge thank you to jayhawkbb for helping me update it and make it all smooth and pretty. Enjoy ~TIL~ BPOV "Bella?" Oh, shit! Not now. "Bella?" Please, God. Just make him go away. "Bella, baby, wake up." He's not going to give in, is he? "I need you to wake up, sweetheart." "Go. Away!" "I can't go away. I need you." "You don't need me. You're just trying to torture me." "I do need you. Will you please get up?" "No." "Please? I need you to run with me." "Oh, my God, Edward. No. Please leave me alone," I begged. His fingertips danced along my spine through my pajama shirt, giving rise to a serious case of goosebumps. "If you get up and come with me . . ." he paused. I should have known by the seductive tone in his voice that he was about to say something to mess with me. "I'll fuck you hard and fast in the shower afterward." My head shot up. "What?" He grinned. "I thought that would get your attention, you dirty girl." "How is that not supposed to get my attention? Jesus Christ, Edward." I buried my head back into my pillow, but he'd put that thought in my mind and I couldn't forget it. No matter how hard I tried. "Come on, baby girl. I need some company." "You've got plenty of company. Call one of them." "They're not as beautiful as you." "Shut up," I groaned, clenching my eyes shut. His fingers left my back and then began stroking the side of my face, pulling my hair back and tucking it behind my ear. I refused to open my eyes. I knew the look that would be waiting for me if I did. He'd used the same look on me whenever he wanted something since we were sixteen years old. He threw the covers back and climbed in next to me, spooning my body. His hand trailed to my shoulder, making circles before continuing down my arm. He pressed his face against my neck. "Please, Bella?" he breathed, as his hand touched my hip and glided across the skin around my belly button. "You always make it so much better." He kissed me lightly just below my ear; a light, cautious kiss. He wasn't sure how I'd react. To be honest, I wasn't sure how I wanted to react. It had been a long time since he'd touched me like this. Too long. I stayed still, afraid he'd realized just how close I was to crossing the line – the invisible line between being friends and being lovers. It was a line we'd walked along for seven years; ever since I'd kissed him on a dare in Biology sophomore year of high school. I was the popular girl. The one who had every guy fawning over her. It was stupid; they were stupid. Edward was the shy geek who hadn't come into his own yet. He was only an inch taller than me at that time. He wore terrible glasses and had a retainer, but he was sweet. My cousin Jake and his meathead friends were teasing him mercilessly. They dared him to kiss the next girl who entered the classroom. Unfortunately for them, that happened to be me. Jake snorted, coughing and laughing hysterically at his luck. Edward's face turned bright red. I pulled Edward to the side and asked him what was going on. After a few minutes of coaxing, he finally told me about the dare. It made me mad. Not that I was a pawn in my cousin's games, but that he was being such an asshole to someone who'd never done anything wrong. I wasn't about to let Jake get away it. I told Edward to take out his retainer and demanded he kiss me. The look on his face, I will remember until the day I die. It was horror and fear, excitement and embarrassment all in one. He leaned forward, eyes closed and lips puckered. It was kind of cute. I waited until he landed his lips on mine and I unleashed the beast. I jumped into his lap, grabbed his head, dragging my fingers through his hair and pressing myself against him. He gasped and the second his mouth was open I plunged my tongue into it. I heard Jake choking again, but out of shock, not laughter. The rest of the kids in the classroom erupted in giggles, cheers and applause. I pulled back, leaving both Edward and me panting, and smiled at him. He gaped at me and adjusted his glasses. Then the bell rang for class to start. He admitted afterwards that I'd scared the shit out of him. It had been his first kiss and he'd had no idea what he was doing. I felt bad that his first kiss had been done that way, but he didn't. He thanked me profusely and offered to do anything for me. It was enough of a reward for me that we'd managed to shut my cousin up for a while, but after a second of thinking about it, I came up with an idea. I asked him to take me to the winter. At the time it was so that I didn't have deal with the douchebags who usually asked me. I didn't realize that I'd have so much fun. After that, we became close friends. He was funny and smart. I liked spending time with him; he made me happy. The summer between sophomore and junior year, Edward had a growth spurt – and it was a doozy. He went from five foot four to almost six feet tall. He was able to get rid of his retainer and he started wearing contacts. The muscles of his arms, chest and abs became strong and more defined from working construction for my dad all summer. In other words, he became a fucking hottie. My best friend, Rose, and I would sit and watch him walk around shirtless all the time, flexing his muscles and pretending he didn't know what he was doing. I figured he'd get all sorts of attention from the girls when we went back to school and I was right. I heard the chatter and giggles all morning on the first day of school. It kind of made me sick to think that six months before, the same girls were making fun of him. I worried that he'd get all cocky since he'd turned into a super-stud and I expected that he would forget about our friendship. But that's not what happened. I suppose we appeared like a couple to anyone who was looking. Edward and I were always extremely affectionate. Half the time I could be found sitting in his lap or straddling him in a chair with our heads close together. He took me to all the dances, held my hand and kept me close. As we got older, our affections grew stronger and the sexual innuendos became more intense. We both dated other people, but they didn't last. No one seemed to be able to understand our relationship. At times, I'm not even sure we understood it ourselves. When we moved in together before our sophomore year of college, we had to work really hard at convincing people, including our parents, that we weren't lovers. We definitely pushed the boundaries of our relationship a time or two when we were drunk. And I don't just mean the gentle little lip kisses. I mean hot and heavy, oh-my-God, mouth fucking. Most of the time, we would grind against each other while dancing and even got pretty worked up dry humping once, but we always stopped. We came close once. Too close. That's when I finally made the invisible line a little more visible. Edward's fingers toyed with the waistband of my pajama pants, dipping below them just slightly before returning to safe territory. "What do I get if I come with you?" I asked groggily. "I already told you," he said, licking the shell of my ear playfully. "I mean, what do I really get?" "Mmmmm. Whatever you want, baby girl. Tell me what you want," he purred, once again dipping his hand below my waistband. This time he didn't bring it back up. His fingers danced lazily across my pubic bone. He was getting dangerously close. When his index finger passed over my landing strip, I heard and felt him suck in a huge breath. This was the closest I'd ever let him get before. Usually I was squirming away from him the second his hand started to invade my pants. And why wasn't I squirming away now? I had no idea. Because I was too lazy. Because it felt good. Because...because...because I didn't want to. We were quiet for a while as he repeated his strokes so close to my clit that I could feel it tingling. I debated whether to stop him, but before I could, he went for it – his finger lowering just slightly, pressing against where I was throbbing. I let out a gasping moan. It felt so fucking good and yet so, so . . . no, it just felt good. He shifted and I could feel his massive erection against my ass. I had seen Edward before. All of him. I'd seen him hard, I'd seen him soft. I'd seen him in pants, in underwear, and completely naked. That's what happens when you spend so much time with someone, right? He'd often get a hard-on when I sat in his lap, but he'd always shrug and wink at me. He was a guy; guys get hard-ons. We'd laugh and ignore it. At least we tried to. He added a second finger and started rubbing circles. I closed my eyes and just enjoyed the sensation. I had to bite my lip when he parted my pussy lips and glided his fingers inside. He stroked me a few times, and then froze. He didn't remove his hand; he just ceased the movement. "Why aren't you stopping me?" he asked so quietly I almost didn't hear him. I gritted my teeth, willing him to keep going; willing myself not to think. "Because I haven't gotten laid in over a year. I'm finally getting fucked by something other than my own hand or my vibrator and it feels fantastic. Why aren't you stopping yourself?" Without missing a beat, he answered. "Because your pussy feels soft and warm and amazing and all I can think about is getting my dick inside of it before we get out of this bed. You really haven't had sex in a year?" He started stroking me again; pulling his fingers out and pushing them back in at an agonizingly slow pace. "Thirteen months and..." I counted in my head, back to the last time I'd been with Riley, "twelve days." I bit back a moan as Edward curled his fingers forward, hitting my g-spot. "Shit, Bella. If I had known that, I would have taken care of you." "Yeah, sure you would have. You were too busy taking care of Sarah and Julie and, oh, what was her name? Oh, yeah. Muffy." "Her name wasn't Muffy," he laughed. "And I wasn't taking care of them. I haven't fucked anybody in over six months. "Don't talk about other women while you're fingering me," I grumbled. "You started it." Yes, I had. What the fuck was I doing? We couldn't do this. I'd spent too many years protecting our friendship to let this just happen. "Ugh, we need to stop." "Let me make you come and I'll stop," he murmured, pressing his lips against my neck. "That defeats the purpose of stopping. The second you make me come, I'll feel the