October 31, 1981- My first memory. A beautiful woman fell to the floor. She was crumpled in front of a baby crib, at the feet of a tall, manlike figure. Sneering, the man rose his arm and pointed a wand at the baby's crib. I needed to do something, but I didn't know what to do. I didn't know who any of these people were, I didn't know why I was even there. But, before I could really think, I jumped in front of the infant as the man muttered strange words. A flash of drowning green conquered my vision, making me feel sick. The child, who had a surprising amount of jet-black hair already covering his head, began to cry. My vision returned and I stood by the crib, wincing at his piercing scream. The pale, monster-like man was gone. I was tired, but I couldn't leave the baby alone. I didn't know where his parents were. Was the woman in front of me his mom? She wasn't breathing. What happened? Where was the baby's father? Overwhelmed, I sat at the edge of the crib, lost as to what to do. After a while of fighting sleep, a low rumble made its way into my ears. It got louder and louder until a huge… thing landed outside, carrying a very large person. This giant made his way to the now silent boy and carried him to the contraption he left outside. I followed, not willing to leave the baby yet. But, I was so tired. I had no idea who I was, where I was, or what had just happened… and there was a strange man making the oddest noises in front of me. I think he was mocking the baby. He was treating it like his own and smiling down at the boy. I figured I could leave. I just needed to sleep. I began to walk away, toward nowhere in particular, but was stopped by something when I reached the end of the street. The man had made the machine work again and he still had the baby cradled in one arm. The two rose from the ground, higher and higher. My vision became fuzzy, and then everything went black. Later that evening… I woke up in time to see the man get off the machine with the baby and walk toward two other figures. I rose from the ground and followed the pair. We were I a new place; houses with near-perfect lawns stretched the entire drive. The man I saw before handed the child to one of the figures; a woman with flowing emerald robes and a tightly wrapped bun took him. Meanwhile, the other new figure, a tall man with long, billowing robes and a beard to match, pulled a letter out of some unseen pocket. The huge man was wiping away tears as he asked the other man if this was the only option for the boy. The child was lain on the porch of one of the houses with the note, and the three other people disappeared. He was quiet. He hadn't cried since I first saw him. Curious, I walked to the child and brushed some of the jet-black hair away from his eyes. Funny scar. Somehow familiar. The note… the boy's name… Harry Potter. Hm. Why did I feel as though I knew him more than as the boy I just saw this night? I tried to stay awake to protect him, as I felt I should, but the stress of the night overtook me, and I fell asleep next to this boy, not realizing that he had not removed his gaze from me. ~July 31, 1982 Happy birthday Harry! Harry turned two today. I still have not been able to figure out who I am or where I came from. It's been a year, and the only thing I have been able to figure out is that I have some weird connection to Harry that makes me want to protect him and that makes me unable to leave him. I've tried to walk out the front door, but I never make it out of Private Drive. Oh, and another thing- Harry seems to be able to see me. He can't quite speak very clearly yet, but he likes to smile at me and he waves at me when the Dursleys leave the room. They really don't treat him as well as they should. They spoil Dudley. I sometimes listen in on Mr. and Mrs. Dursley's conversations. I've gathered that there is something about Harry that they want to hide or get rid of. But they never actually say what that is. They usually begin talking about this mysterious problem and try to change the topic, which usually ends with one or both of them swooping into Dudley's room and giving him an overwhelming amount of attention. They ignore Harry except to give him the very basic needs that an infant needs. I have just wanted for Harry to get something special, something better than this dismal place where those strange people abandoned him. When Mrs. Dursley put Harry in his crib bed for a nap, I walked outside and picked a few flowers off of a bush outside the kitchen window and then went back to Harry's room. He wasn't asleep yet, and he smiled at me and stared at the flowers in wonder. I love his smile. He deserves to smile more. ~August 17, 1985 I watched as a five year old Harry stared out of one of the kitchen windows during dinner. He wanted to go outside so badly, but was not allowed. He was grounded for breaking one of Dudley's toys- an act that he was not responsible for. Dudley broke his own toy and blamed it on Harry. Petunia, the obnoxiously nosy and skeletal matriarch, stepped out for last minute spying on the neighbors, and I took my opportunity. Most of the time, they don't see anything I move, and they never see me, an aspect of my existence that I still have no clue about. Either way, I try to not interact with anything when any Dursley is in the room just in case they do witness anything. So, since Mrs. Dursley was outside, Dudley was in his room, and Mr. Dursley was still at work, I took a glass jar from the cabinets by climbing on the counter, and went out to the backyard to collect a few fireflies. I hid the fireflies behind my back so Harry wouldn't see them when he looked up as I passed, and I practically flew to the broom closet. I made it to Harry's bed just as Mrs. Dursley shut the front door again on her way to the kitchen. I placed the jar of fireflies next to Harry's scruffy bed and waited for him to go to bed. When he came to his space under the stairs, he stopped dead when he saw them. The greenish light of the fireflies illuminated his scar as he held the jar close to his face; reminding me of that night four years ago. I remember how he turned to me and grinned. He rushed forward and tried to give me a hug, but for some reason, his arms went right through me. I didn't realize how much I was wishing for some kind of contact until Harry proved it wasn't possible. To the five year old's credit, he just gave me a soft look and gently placed his hand on the outline of my arm. It had taken me a while to notice, but as Harry grew, I grew too. I was the size of a one year old the first time I met him, and I have been about his size for the past four years. I seem to grow with him in size. Harry turned from me and went back to the fireflies. He smiled at them with sympathy and walked out of the closet room. I remember how his chubby child hands struggled to lift the kitchen window and release the fireflies. I remember how he whispered as they flew away, "No one should be stuck where they aren't meant to be. Fly far, friends." Such wise words. If only they applied to everything, to everyone. I followed him back to his closet room, where he quickly fell asleep. ~Early summer of 1991 Harry was almost 11, but he never had a real childhood. No fun, games, friends. I was only able to make it a little better every now and then. He had even stopped seeing me years ago. I was like an imaginary friend- there for a few years, and then forgotten about. He hadn't shown any signs of even knowing that I existed. We had seemed to be growing at around the same pace, so I assumed I was about his age. However, he shot up quickly, and was now tall for his age and lanky. I was growing slowly in comparison. While I had been taller than him once, for a short period, I was now shorter. No longer growing at the same rate, I became even more confused as to my origin. Now I had no clue as to my age. The only thing I was confident about was my connection to Harry. His life was terrible, but it would soon change, as I came to find out. Harry was making the Dursley's breakfast one morning when the post arrived. Vernon growled for Dudley to get the mail without looking up from the television. Dudley, also transfixed by the T.V., ordered Harry to get it. Harry scowled and made his way to the front door. He sorted the mail in his hands on his way back to the kitchen, but stopped short of the entrance when he saw a letter with his name penned as the recipient. He stared at it all the way to his seat and handed his uncle the rest of the mail. Dudley decided to make a scene when he saw Harry with the letter. There was an argument, Harry rightfully wanted his letter, but the Dursleys were reluctant to let him even that liberty. Harry lost in the end… but only temporarily. After weeks of keeping the letters for Harry that arrived daily from him, Harry was about to win. On Sunday Harry would never forget, letters for him cascaded out of the fireplace, windows, and the mail slot, everywhere! Vernon managed to shove Harry away before he read any of them and carried the lot of them to the secluded Hut-on-the-Rock. But, when midnight struck, the door of the hut flew open to reveal a huge figure. The man I remembered from my first memory! I had no idea why he was there. He called himself "Hagrid" and scared the living daylight out of the Dursleys. I liked him. He gave Harry his letter. Harry was a wizard. Explains a lot. I mean, hopefully he won't feel like an outcast anymore. But what does that mean for me? Hagrid continued to look at Harry as if he were his father. ~ Later that summer Harry left with Hagrid this morning to purchase everything he needed for Hogwarts. If it weren't for my memories of years ago, I would be skeptical. There had to be a reason for the giant, Hagrid, to return. Anyway, upon entering Diagon Alley, I lost my breath. The wizarding world? Amazing. People, witches and wizards, were performing magic casually all around. Owls flew overhead, children laughed at moving pictures along the shop windows, and shop owners promoted their wares. We walked past all of that (well, I practically ran trying to keep up with the longer strides of Hagrid and Harry) and into Gringotts, a wizard bank. The goblins, as Hagrid called them, who run the place are creepy. And grumpy. The ride through the vaults… I don't want to