A/N ok so this is the longest thing ive ever written to date. I can't remember why I decided to write it but I'm happy that I did. This story is written from Gale's POV on his 18 th birthday. ENJOY! Disclaimer everything to do with Hunger Games is own by Suzanna Collins. The breathe rushes out of me as a small weight crashes onto my chest. My head is still hazy with half sleep and my eyes snap open and drift around the room. Then I see Posy's big grin on her face as she leans in a give me a huge hug. "Happy birthday Gale!" she squeaks. I smile and chuckle deeply in my throat. "Thanks sis" I try to say but her small arms are wrapped tightly around my neck, so I settle for returning her hug with one of my own. I glance around towards the window and see the soft light of the morning; dawn is only just about to break outside. Normally I would be waking up around this time anyway but I had real trouble falling asleep last night. Guess no matter how old you get or how much you hate living in a district where children are staving and people are dropping dead in the streets you still get excited for your birthday. It's my 18th birthday, the last year when I will be eligible for The Hunger Games. Later today I will walk into the justice building sign up for tesserae collect my allowance of grain and oil. Then my name will go into the reaping bowl 42 times. 'Shit'! I think to myself. 42 chances for the capitol to throw me into an area and force me to compete against 23 kids. I come back to myself when I feel my little sister's arms release me and I put on a smile for her. I don't want her to see how much I hate the injustice of the system we live in. she's only just turned 4 and probably wont really remember any of this when she grows up but I gladly accept her birthday wishes and her hugs. Then I see my mother come in holding a mug of tea in one hand and a package in the other. I give her a smile as she hands me the mug and lifts Posy into her arms passing me the package. "Happy birthday son" she says giving me a hug and a small kiss on my cheek. "Mom" I grown looking at the package a little guilty. I told her I didn't want anything for today, that we just couldn't afford it and that I didn't mind, but of course, she chose to ignore me. I always knew I got my stubbornness from her. "Don't bother trying to argue, your 18 now. It's an important age in a persons life you know and also-" "-Mom" I say raising my voice a little to cut her off. "Thank you" giving her a warm smile. Her face breaks into the same smile and I think I see her eyes shine a little before she takes Posy out into the kitchen leaving me with my package. I take a small sip of my hot tea before examining the lumpy package in front of me. Covered in brown paper and tied with a red silk bow. I dread to think how much the silk cost. Even though it's a small amount barely a foot long, I still feel guilty as every coin we can save could mean the difference between life and staving. I carefully untie the bow and remove the paper to reveal something folded made of leather. I stand up and unfold it revealing my fathers old leather jacket. I'm stunned into silence. My mother had, of course, kept the few items that remained of my dads but she had kept this jacket close to her almost all the time. It was one of the few things that still held his smell and almost his touch. I take another sip of my tea and let a single teardrop run down my cheek. I quickly get changed into my hunting gear and slip the jacket onto my shoulders. It fits me perfectly. I run my hands over the small tears and marks on the sleeves. Memories of when he used to hunt in the woods, the very same woods I hunt in. There's a small mirror in the bathroom and when I look at myself in there, I can almost see my dad looking back at me. We have the same gray eyes and dark hair although his hair was long and he kept it tied back. When I make my way into the kitchen, my mother is busy feeding Posy who's in her high chair. She stops and looks at me standing in her husband's old jacket, a small sad smile creepy onto her face as I step towards her and give her a big hug. "Thank you" I whisper, she just pats me on the back before going back to feeding Posy. I bend down and kiss the top of her head telling her to be good while I go hunting; she says she will before giving me one more hug. I collect my game bag and walk out the door. The district is more or less quite as I jog quietly through the poor area nicknamed "The Seam" which is where I live. I weave in-between the small wooden huts and make my way to the fence. I pause for a moment, checking for the tell tale hum that means the fence is live. However, its silent and I slip under the wires and jog a little quickly into the trees. I breathe in deeply, savoring the forest smells, my muscle relax as I walk towards a hollow tree and retrieve my bow, quiver and a small amount of wire from inside. I knock an arrow to the bow keeping it ready for anything that could cross my path. True I'm not the best shot with the bow but I'm good enough to take out most animals like the rabbit that's just poked its head from out of its burrow. Collecting my kill, I slip it into my bag and continue to make my way through the woods. When I make it up to a large rock that over looks the valley, I see my hunting partner, best friend and the one person who is almost as stubborn as I am. She has her back to me, crouched low next to the rock that has been our meeting place for a few years now. She looks like she's playing in the mud. This confuses me as she normally waits for on the rock for me to turn up then we disappear into the woods to hunt. I move as silently as I can till I'm ten meters away and lean against a tree waiting for her to finish. The sun is half way above the horizon when she stands, takes a step back to admire what she'd done. I'm still to far away to see it myself but I study her instead she's thin like everyone from district 12 but thanks to years hunting in the woods and eating fresh game nearly everyday she has filled out very nicely. Her long black hair is in her regular single braid that hangs over her shoulder and though I can't see them, I know she has the same dark gray eyes as I do. "Hey, Catnip!" I shout. She gives a small jump, spins around and those eyes lock with mine before she gives me annoyed look. It softens a second later and I smirk at her. "Do you think you could arrive here just once without making me feel like my heart is going to jump out of my chest? She says with the smile I still think, she reserves only for the woods. "I probably could," I shrug "But where's the fun in doing that?" She just rolls her eyes and me and I give her another smirk. If she only knew how hard my heart hammers when I see her, how much I long to hold her in my arms, kiss her soft lips and confess my love for her. Then I come back myself and inside I admit the truth, she never wants to get married and never wants kids. Hell! I don't think she even notice guys unless they are peacekeepers or someone she can trade with. I see her studying my new/old jacket. She's probably wondering where I got it from. I make my way towards her. My head hanging a little, I still feeling guilty about accepting it but I cannot deny how it make me feel like my father is close to me again, almost like he's still looking out for me. "Present from my mom, it was my dads," I mutter low but I know she hears me clearly. "O" is her only response; clearly, we are both at a loss for words, so we just stand in silence looking at each other. I see something spark in her eyes and her mouth give a small twitch, like she's holding back a grin. I think she'd about to say something but instead she steps to one side and looks down. Following her eye line, I see what she was doing in the mud. The dirt is hard and dry, but there is a large wet patch in front of the rock. Three clumps of wet mud have been arranged on top of each other, one large clump on the bottom then a smaller one on top and an even smaller one on top of that. Around the edges of each clump, I see small flowers, blades of grass and berries have been arranged. I'm still confused at what she's made till I see something written into the side of it. I crouch down to read. To Gale Happy Birthday Katniss Then my confusion vanishes in a second, it's a birthday cake. Katniss made me a birthday cake out of mud. The sight is so stupid and so perfect that I let out a loud laugh. I turn my head around and look up at her. She has crossed her arms over her chest and her eyebrows have shot up giving me a quizzical glare. She's wondering why I'm laughing at what she's made me. I get back to my feet and walk straight to her then wrap my arms around her. She gives a little laugh before she returns the embrace wrapping her arms around my waist and leaning the side or her head against my chest. She smells like flowers, pine trees and something else that is her sent alone. "Thank you, Catnip," I whisper, trying to keep my voice steady. "Its perfect" She gives a small laugh saying "your welcome", before releasing her grip around me. I reluctantly let my arms drop to my side, id be more then happy to have stayed like that all day with my arms wrapped around her. "So should we check the snare line first or should we do some gathering?" I ask, going back to our hunting. She lifts her game bag that was leaning against the rock. I can see its already bulging with game. "Already checked and reset the snares," she says with a hint of pride. "Anything good?" "Two rabbits and a raccoon also got some strawberries and blackberries." "Great, Sae will give us a good price for the raccoon." I say. Greasy Sae always gives us a little extra coin for raccoons. She makes a pretty good stew from them and the pelt goes to an old man who makes thick gloves useful for the cold nights. "There should be a few turkeys around, we could try and bag a couple," I suggest. "Sure, or we could try for some