A/N Ok everyone, im back again with yet another Galeniss/Everthorne Fic for you. This is my first attempt at writing smut/lemons and i hope you enjoy it. Please be sure to read the authors note at the end aswell Disclaimer: I own Nothing! all characters belong to Suzanne Collins. Trapped The buzzing pulls my heart into my throat as reach out and tightly grab Gales arm when I see his callous hand is inches away from the now live fence. His eyes whip around and look from my terrified expression back to the fence. I see his gray eyes open wide in realization. He quickly jerks his hand away and takes two careful steps back, he's staring wide-eyed at the chain links that are now surging with electricity. I pull him hard back into the trees. His bulging eyes still locked on the spot he almost touched. Where he almost died, I think to myself. Dark clouds above us are still pouring heavy rain and I pull my hood up over my head and quickly scan to see if anyone saw us. Once I'm sure were safe I look back to Gale. The sky is scattered with heavy gray clouds but there is still enough moon light shining and I see him walk to a fallen tree. He leans and sits on the wet trunk. A stream of smoke pours from within his hood in a long sigh. I can't see his face but I see his profile, head bend low, shoulders slowly rising and falling. Rain still falling hard, loudly hitting the treetops and the ground around us, but I think I hear Gale's breath catch in a strangled gasp. I see, by the smoke coming from within the darkness of his hood, that his breathing has returned to normal but he makes no move to stand and join me. I walk over and sit next to him, unsure of what to say. Gale and I aren't the types to say pointless or stupid things to each other; we communicate much better through looks and gestures, more people of actions then words. So asking him if he's ok would be ridiculously stupid and anyway I already know the answer, of course he isn't, he almost died. Death is nothing new to us. After all, when over half the population of District 12 is constantly at war with starvation or dying from infection, you tend to get used to the subject and that's before you remember the danger of the mines and The Hunger Games. Gale and I have been lucky to escape the Capitols grasps so far but the next Reaping in a few months time will be my fifth time and Gales seventh and final time. I wouldn't be so worried if we just had the normal amount of slips entered in the reaping bowls but with the tesserae adding our names extra times aswell, the odds are most defiantly not in our favour. If by some miracle were too happened and Gale wasn't reaped and pulled away from my life then he would get his reward of working in the mines. Those mines scared the hell out of me when I was younger, all I could think about was my father's death down there. I once made myself so sick with worry that my mother kept me home instead of letting me go with my classmates on our yearly trip into the mine shaft. It will be worst for Gale though, he will spend twelve hours a day, six days a week, for the rest of his lift down in the dark. Every breath of coal dust killing him slowly and painfully or maybe, he will die as our fathers did, blown to bits in an accident deep below the ground. I hate any thought of Gale going into the mines just as much as the thought of him being reaped and sent into the Games. Sudden pressure on my hand makes me look down and I see his hand over mine giving it a gentle squeeze. I look up to his face and my eyes have adjusted enough to see his face from within his hood, giving me a reassuring smile that I return without any hesitation. I wrap his hand within both of mine relived he's ok and still alive. The heavy rain has eased into a light drizzle and a loud rumble coming from Gale's stomach breaks our the silence. We both grin and I lift the back of my hand to my mouth to stifle my giggle at how the tense situation changed to light humor in a heartbeat. Apart from my sister, Gale is really the only person that brings a genuine smile out of me. Whether it's repeating the stupid jokes he hears from his friends or falling into a bush or stream on purpose. Small things like that always bring a smirk or chuckle from within me. "Guess were gonna have ourselves a picnic tonight Catnip" Gale says still grinning at me. "Yep" I say popping the 'P', "another cold, wet meal in the woods. What could be better?" I ask sarcastically, as I'm brought out from a particular fond memory when he really did accidentally trip and fall into an ant's nest. Gale sighs in agreement, pulls out a small bag and offers me some of the wild berries we collected early. I take a small handful and begin to eat, letting each berry flood my moth with juice before swallowing. Gale rummages in his bag trying to find something and pulls out one of the dead rabbits he caught today. He looks up and frowns a little. "Think the fog is heavy enough to disguise a fire? I don't feel like trying my luck again tonight," he asks looking at the carcass. I look up to hide the scowl on my face at the memory of his hand so close to the death. Above the clouds are thick with the promise of more rain to come. We are still to close to the fence that I wouldn't try it but if we moved deeper into the woods, maybe back to our meeting place, we would be far enough away so no one could see the glow from a small camp fire. I make the suggestion to Gale. "Great idea, Catnip. There's dry wood around there too, so that will keep the smoke down," he says happily holding a hand out to me. He helps me to my feet and we take off deeper into the forest. The clouds have thinned and parted by the time we make our way to the rock, illuminating our surroundings in pale moonlight. I watch and see small birds flying through the trees, bursting out high above as I emerge through the bushes. Gale follows me, carrying a pile of dry wood we had kept well wrapped in plastic for occasions just like this. It's not the first time we've been trapped outside District 12 nor will it be the last. I'm sure Prim will have checked and seen the fence is live. She will assume that Gale and I are still out here before telling our mothers. They will worry, as they always do whenever we go hunting but no matter how many times will tell them that we will be ok and will return soon. The relief on our family's faces when we do come back would suggest that we've disappeared for years. Wordlessly I wipe the rain from the rock, take a seat and begin to clean the fattest rabbit we caught today. My hands work automatically allowing my eyes and mind to wonder at will. They settle on watching Gale working methodically, stripping away some of the bark before arranging them neatly for a fire. I admire his skilful hands as they brush over sticks and pieces of wood, my eyes travel up and focus what little I can see of his face within his hood. The rain has stopped completely now leaving us surrounded with a wonderful smell of pine that reminds me of past times in spring. After a few tries Gale gets a spark and soon our little camp fire is ablaze, warmth spreads around us and I take a seat next to Gale as he removes his jacket to dry close by, I join him on the ground, hand him the carcass and remove my own jacket to dry. He skilful skewers the rabbit on a spit and stakes it to the ground to cook. He lays back and sighs deeply looking up at the few gray clouds above. I look up and see beyond the clouds to the white moon and stars twinkling at us. I go back to looking at Gale's face, much clearer now he's removed his jacket and lowered his hood to find his eyes have drifted closed. I quickly check to make sure the rabbit is cooking properly before examining his face. The frown lines have smoothed out on his forehead making him look like the young man he is, and not the older man people wrongly mistake him for. I notice for the first time the small amount of stubble on his jaw line and the fullness of his lips. I think back to the split second when I saw his hand reach out to touch the live fence and the rush of fear coursing through my veins when I thought he was about to die. The idea of Gale dying is so disgusting to me that I want to shout at him for his moment of stupidity but my annoyance is outweighed by my concern for his well-being. I want to tell myself that it's the lack of other hunters in District 12 for my concern but I know it's not that. Calling Gale, just my hunting partner or friend doesn't seem to do our relationship justice anymore. What we have is special. The way we move through the forest in such sync, like a single person, I've never felt that with anyone other than Gale. When we first met, I was missing a part of my life and though I don't say it, in the past year I've found it in him. A thought comes to the front of my mind and my body moves before I can stop it. I close my eyes and gently push my lips against the corner of Gales. The second our lips meet feels longer and a sudden warmth floods from within me that has nothing to do with the campfire. I see Gales eyes twitch from beneath his lids and I quickly jerk my head back to the carcass in sudden fright. I can feel my cheeks burning in embarrassment as I sense Gale's body shift as he sits up yawning and stretching his arms wide. "Sorry about that Katniss" he says grinning sheepishly at me "didn't mean to fall asleep on you." "It's alright," I say, not looking at him and I'm thankful my voice sounds normal and steady. "You were only out for a few minutes." He lets out a long, low whistle in relief. "Really?" he asks surprised, "Felt much longer then that, I even had a dream." I glance to see him smirking towards the fire. "Was it a good dream?" I ask curiously, my heartbeat starting to hammer a little quicker. "The best" he says grinning from ear to ear, eyes still on the fire but now seem to have drifted out of focus. For some reason I feel very proud of myself, "What was it about?" I ask "Oh nothing important, you know, just one of those stupid… impossible… dreams that's never going to come true. No matter how much you wish it was." he says his voice becoming full of sorrow. I turn to look and see his eyes are hooded and glassy and yet again, I see him take on the mask