AN: Ok so i know people are still waiting (not so quietly) for my next chapter but ive bin suffering from a little writers blocks mixed with a cold. so i hope this will tide everyone over till i finish. I wrote this Fic about 4 or 5 months ago on my Ipad and i never really intended to upload it but since ive bin feeling under the whether lately i decide what the hell why not? Some of the stuff that happened did happen to me, violently coughing, room spin etc. All credit for the Title goes to the wonderful Katbow who came up with it. Be sure to check out her Fic "Salvation For Two". A Memory To Warm My Heart Gale leaned against the oak, the rough bark scratching the already well-scuffed leather of his jacket as he slowly drew back on his bowstring. He took careful aim at the squirrel that had paused in its foraging on the snow-covered forest floor. He sniffed reflexively as he felt a drip fall from his nostril, leaving a small damp patch on his t-shirt. He saw the squirrel's bushy tail shoot high as it looked around for the usual noise. In a flash, the small animal scurried up a nearby tree, easily avoiding the quivering arrow underneath it. Gale watched as the squirrel reaches a branch twenty feet above him. He groaned both at his failure to shoot the small creature and at his inability to keep silent at all today. It was the third time today he had spotted an animal, taken careful aim and before he could release the arrow, he would sneeze or cough uncontrollably. He knew he shouldn't be out sick as he was, but his family was counting on the game he would bring back. So gritting his teeth, he wrapped himself up in all the clothes he possessed and headed under the fence. He'd been lucky enough to find two rabbits trapped in the snares he set yesterday, but all the others were empty. So he collected his bow and began tracking. He sighed frustrated then fell to his knees as another coughing fit overtook him and that's how Katniss found him. She waited for his coughing fit to subside before she stepped forward, "what are you doing out here, Gale?" She huffed sounding annoyed. "Hey... (Sniff) Catnip. It was just such a nice day, thought I'd go for a walk," he said sarcastically looking around at her unimpressed expression as she leaned against a tree. "You're sick Gale!" She said rolling her eyes, "my mom told you to stay in bed until you felt better." "I am feeling better Katniss" he lied. "Anyway, we need the game" "I told you I'd take over hunting for a couple of days till you were better" she said stepping closer and quickly placed the back of her hand on his forehead. "You're burning up! Did you even drink the remedy my mom made for you?" She asked sternly. Gale's eyes shot to his boots suddenly feeling like a child caught in the act of doing something wrong. He started to feel the early effects while hunting yesterday, but he kept them to himself, not wanting to draw attention. After the third sneeze, Katniss looked at him quizzically. He had bush over it claiming something had got up his nose but she wasn't convinced. Once they had finished their trading, she practically dragged him to his mother for a quick check up. Her mother checked him over and after checking his temperature. She declared that he was coming down with a case of flu. Since none of the families within the seam could afford medicine she had made up a home remedy mixing herbs together with water and telling him to stay in bed for a couple of days until it pasted. Katniss walked him home telling him she would take care of the hunting while he was resting. Gale hadn't told his mother that he was sick and done his best to hide his symptoms but Hazelle Hawthorne wouldn't be fooled and when he saw her eyes widen as she felt his forehead, he knew the game was up. She had sent him straight to bed, ignoring his protested that he was fine and that everyone was making it sound worst then it was. Secretly he was happy to rest his muscles that were, by now, aching and sore. He had finally admitted his illness to himself swallowed a tiny, tiny sip of the remedy, thinking it would help him sleep. This morning when he woke, he was shivering; his head and neck ached worst then ever. It had taken every ounce of self-control and energy just to sit up. He took another tiny sip of the home remedy, wrapped up as warm as he could and headed out the door. He had been successful in avoiding Katniss all day by taking a different hunting trail they rarely used but she found him now. Who knows maybe she had even heard him coughing and stumbling around the woods. "I didn't want to waste it, Catnip. Anyway I'm feeling fine," he mumbles. Unfortunately, his statement was followed but another hacking cough, so bad he had to hold onto a nearby tree to stop himself falling back to his knees. Katniss rolled her eyes at him, "come on you," she said nudging him, "let's get you back home." "Katniss, I-" he started. "Quit being stubborn Gale" she said cutting him off, "you can't stay out here, you'll just keep scaring away game." He was suddenly too exhausted to argue anymore and allowed her to steer him back to District 12. He fought against fatigue and the ache in his bones all the way back home. When he almost tripped nearby his house Katniss told him to wait while she spoke to Hazelle. They returned shortly Katniss smirking, but looking sheepish, his mother looking nothing short of furious as she marched towards him. "Hi ma" he croaked, trying to give her his best charming grin but failing to disguise the small cough that followed. "Have you any idea how worried I've been?" She said in a deadly whisper. "Sorry ma, really I am, but we we're running low on game and I needed to-" True Gale was taller than his mother but when her anger broke he squinted and cowered slightly. "I don't care about the low supplies, Gale! Do you have any idea what I thought when I saw your bed was empty? You could have tripped and broken your neck out in the woods! Sometimes you are too reckless for your own damn good! The kids have been asking all day and I had to tell them you were sick and had to spend the day with Katniss's family so they could keep an eye on you!" Said hissed at him in a low tone. Shame overtook him as he look at his feet. He didn't think about his brothers or his sister, sat at home worrying about him as he stumbled around the forest. "I'm sorry ma, I just, I just (he sneezed) didn't think" he finished wiping his nose. "That is obvious!" She said straightening up. "I know you had to grow up fast Gale, but you're not a super man. You're just as vulnerable to injury and disease as everyone else is. You need to remember to take care of yourself sometimes or let others look after you," She said slightly warmer than before. He could only nod. His mother was right, he wasn't invulnerable, he was just as week to diseases and such, but he hated admitting that to himself. "Now you are going to stay at Katniss's house tonight. Her mother and Prim will be keeping an eye on you until you get better. Katniss has agreed to take over the hunting and trading until you get better, understand?" She said sternly, Gale just nodded as she turned back to the house. She halted halfway to the door and called back. "Oh and when you are better, your grounded for a month mister! That means no trips to the slagheap! Only school and trading" she said before she closed the door. Gale was sullen, rubbing his aching neck as they walked back to her house; lights were flaring up as they stumbled through the Seam. In the fading sunlight, he saw Katniss's chin lift looking rather proudly of herself. She walked into her house a few minutes later, Gale following slowly behind her. "Mom! Prim! You've got a patient!" She sang out, grinning rather slyly at him. He glared at her as her mother and sister got up from the little dining table and looked at Gale. He was about to tell them not to make such a fuss, until he cough violently. Gale sat in the chair Prim offered to him. He removed the jacket, jumper and scarf he was wearing and handed them to a still smirking Katniss as her mother starting feeling his forehead, prodding his cheeks and looking him over. Every so often, she called out something to Prim who quickly retrieved a glass jar of herbs. Mrs Everdeen backed away and asked Katniss to get some mint leaves and water before she huffed a sigh. "So?" Gale said with a sniff after a long pause. "Well since you just let it run it's course and get worse rather than drink the remedy I gave you yesterday, which by the way would have made it easier to cope with today, the infection has made you almost useless. However, this new one will help you at least get some sleep. We will make a salve out of mint leaves to help you breathe easier apart from that there's really nothing more I can do, you'll just have to rest and let it run its course." She said, while Prim began adding herbs into a metal kettle, she then set over the fire. While the mixture was left to boil Katniss's went to clean herself up, she returns just as Prim hands him a steaming mug of the mixture with a sweet smile, telling him to take small sips until it cools. He clenched his fist and took a tentative sip of the thin brownish, green medicine. It's was so bitter and tangy that he almost gagged but since he could stomach anything Greasy Sae makes, he could stomach this to. He only coughed a few times after every sip and Katniss smirked at the sight of his discomfort, she unloaded her game bag and started cleaning the kills they brought back. Setting the mug down to cool, he pulled out his knife, grabbed a rabbit and joined her. They worked in mostly silence only interrupted by two sneezes from Gale as Prim took a seat on the threadbare couch doing some schoolwork. A knocking at the door interrupted the quiet as Mrs Everdeen went to see who it is. From his position. Gale saw the small figure of his brother, Rory, standing in the doorway, clutching some greyish material in his arms. "Hello Rory" Katniss's mother says kindly letting him inside. "Hi, my mom asked me to bring Gales sheets over" Rory says nodding to the bundle in his arms. "Ah yes, thank you Rory" she says taking the sheets and setting them on a stool. Katniss beckons him over to were they were sat and handed him two of the rabbits they had just finished skinning. "Good work Rory, here's the meat I promised for you guys," Katniss said. Rory looks at the mug in Gales hand questioningly. "It's just medicine, Rory. No need to worry, He'll be back to his old self in no time" Katniss said grinning at him. Gale glanced at the mug that had, by now, certainly cool enough for him to drink down whole. He coughed once more and decided to drink