This Fic is a direct attempt of Whitetigerwolf's Sands of Time challenge. Sands of Time Challenge Requirements: - FemHarry (and Harry MUST be born a girl) (Accepted) - FemHarry goes back in time to the Maruders Era (Accepted) - FemHarry must have completed at least her fifth year when she goes back in time (Accepted) - FemHarry is permantly stuck in the Past (Accepted) - James, Lily, Dumbledore, and James' Parents must know who FemHarry is (Accepted) - FemHarry must be sorted into Slytherin (Accepted) - Must be FemHarry/Snape, FemHarry/Regulus, or FemHarry/Bellatrix (Accepted – Bellatrix) - FemHarry must have knowledge, though she need not use it, of the Dark Arts (Accepted) - FemHarry must defend a fellow Slyhterin from James (Accepted) - FemHarry cannot join Voldemort, and neither can whomever she's paired with (To Be Established, most likely accepted) - FemHarry must share her knowledge of Voldemort's identity of Tom Riddle with her Slytherin dorm mates (Accepted) - FemHarry, James, and Lily must punch Sirius, all at different times, when he tries to hit on FemHarry (Accepted) Recomended: - Lemons (To be established) - FemHarry getting pregnant (To be established) Note : This will be a slow paced Fic like my "Return of the King" Currently is. This first chapter will be a brief intro chapter, mainly going through the pre-plot points as I want to start my story at the start of the "Order of the Phoenix" but make changes to "Prisoner of Azkaban" and "Goblet of Fire". Intro: It started with a book, memories, and a wish. Before Sirius went into hiding in the Prisoner of Azkaban, he took Reagan Lillian Potter and named her his heir. Furthermore, he left her with a diary. During the Tri-Wizard tournament, Reagan is isolated and alone and finds comfort from someone unlikely. Until the point where she can no longer bear to live in this time. She wants to follow her heart, Wizarding World be damned. Chapter 0: The Diary "Kreacher!" Sirius's voice growled and the House Black elf responded to his call, albiet with a heavy grudge. "Blood-traitor calls for Kreacher?" the elf asked, its voice laced with loathing. "This is my goddaughter Reagan, she's been named my heir and you are to respond to her as if she were a daughter of the House of Black," Sirius said and Kreacher nodded looking at the auburn haired, green eyed girl next to Sirius who looked very timid to the House Elf. "Kreacher will do as Blood-traitor master demands, where will Blood-Traitor's girl be staying?" Kreacher asked. "She'll be staying in Bella's room, Regulus' isn't really suitable for a girl," Sirius sighed as he walked up the steps of the Black family ancestral home with Reagan following him. They came to a closed door with the faded words 'Bella's room; enter and I'll curse you' written on it. Sirius opened the door and walked in, the room was large with a four poster bed inside, a bathroom off to the right, a few desks and tables, even a couch. But what got Reagan's attention were the amount of books that were in this Bella's room, whoever Bella was, she was like Reagan it appeared, she loved to Read. "This is where I'll be hiding, Kreacher will be able to get you to me if you ever want to be here. Dumbledore be damned, I'm your godfather and I owe it to your parents to take care of you. Speaking of which, this Summer I'll be coming by the Dursley's," Sirius said and Reagan looked at him curiously. "Well, enough about that. I'll let you look around the place; I have some things I need to take care of while I'm here. Mainly paperwork to name you my heir so the Malfoy boy doesn't become the head of house Black when I die," Sirius muttered the last park darkly and left the room leaving Reagan unsure of what to do inside the now empty room that was hers. Deciding to look through this Bella's library, Reagan began to look at the various books, most of them were magical and many of them contained things that she hadn't even heard of. Reagan saw a book that sparked her interest on the top shelf and reached up to retrieve it intending on reading it. However, as she pulled the book from the shelf, a book tumbled off of the very top hitting Reagan in the head causing her to fall down clutching her head in pain. Muttering something about stupid books, Reagan took a few moments to get her bearings before she looked at the offending book. It was open to a page and was written in a young girls handwriting, Reagan started to read the page out of curiosity and found it not to be a book, but an actual diary. She put the other book back and grabbed the diary off of the floor and cautiously sat on the four poster bed. It's soft silk blankets brushed over her skin sending shivers up her spine at how gentle and welcoming they seemed. Reagan positioned herself on the bed and opened the Diary up in her lap, coming to the title page, the girl appeared to be 14, maybe 15. Diary of Bellatrix Cassandra Black, Entry 1. This is so stupid, it's like I'm thinking about something and it writes it down in the book. Wait, what? Why is it… ugh. I'm gonna hex Andy for insisting on giving me an enchanted Diary for my birthday, although her idea has merit as I can safely think what I want to about my peers, family and the public, so I guess I'll give this a chance. Anyways… My name is Bellatrix Cassandra Black, currently a fourth year at Hogwarts school of Bitchcraft and Misery (Haha, can't give me a detention for my thoughts Fumbledork!) Whoa! Sweet, it did the brackets for me. Now, where was I, Oh right. This is so fun, don't tell Andy. I just think and my thoughts are recorded! Now, back to what I was originally intending to record from my thoughts. I'm Bellatrix Cassandra Black (yes I've thought that three times now), I'm currently 14 and am the middle child of three. My older sister's name is Andromeda and my younger sister is Narcissa. This diary was a birthday present from Andy who wanted me to start recording my thoughts and feelings, and all that mushy girly bullshit. So I am merely going to give a small detailed list of people I want to hex and why, because that's what this stupid diary is for. So, these people, in no particular order, shall be on my hex into next year list. Lucius Malfoy, ugh, the jerk. Always creeping me out with the amount of time he spends flirting with Narcissa, Narcissa is fucking 12! Like really, can't he go for someone his own age, who isn't my sister. I should really hex his balls off, the damn git. And I can't tell you the amount of times he pronounces "My father will hear about this!" when he doesn't get what he wants, like damn, talk about a Daddy's boy. I bet he takes daddy's cock into his ass and it's permanently lodged there. Reagan giggled at that thought, it seems that Lucius Malfoy did the exact same thing his damn son Draco Malfoy is currently spouting. Next up, James Potter, Sirius Black, Peter Pettigrew and Remus Lupin. I can't believe the amount of balls they had to pull off what they did, they charmed the great hall entrance to remove every girls' clothes except our underwear! I swear to god when I get my hands on them, I'm going to personally remove their bits with my dagger. I mean, Aunt Dorea and Uncle Charlus probably wouldn't be happy with James, but the other three are fair game! Rabastan and Rodolphus Lestrange, Ugh those brothers absolutely infuriate me. The amount of times I've hexed Rodolphus for grabbing my ass in the common room, doesn't he understand that I hate him? Well I hate almost everyone. He keeps insisting that I'll marry him or some shit like that and that I should respect him, fat chance, I'm already dating someone, secretly and SHE can do things he can't, like get me to orgasm. My parents would kill me if they found out I was gay… Reagan was brought out of the diary by Sirius at the door, she hadn't realized how much time had passed and how the diary was. She flicked through a few more pages seeing dates and events before she placed the book on the bed and looked at Sirius who was looking at her nostalgically. "You know, you really do look like how I remember her," Sirius commented. "Who?" Reagan asked shyly. "Your mother, her head always in a book," Sirius smiled. "Kreacher has dinner ready, come on, I have some things for you," Sirius said and Reagan looked at him with curiosity before she placed Bellatrix's diary on the bedside table and followed him down the stairs. Reagan sat at the table across from Sirius as dinner appeared in front of the two of them. They made small talk, Reagan telling Sirius about her life before Hogwarts, how the Dursley's treater her, everything. Sirius was very unpleased with how they treated her and vowed he would come by to have words with the Dursley's. "I know you don't want presents, or get any much, but I wanted to give you these, your mother would want you to have this and James would want you to have the other thing as well," Sirius waved his wand and Reagan watched as a Guitar case flew from the next room and landed on the table. "This was your mothers; she would often spend time playing it. She said the music allowed her to relax and think," Reagan placed her hand on the case before opening it, inside was a beautifully crafted Taylor brand guitar, along with a pic and a folder that held notes and surprisingly moving pictures of her mother playing. She also noted something else. There was a mirror inside the case as well, Reagan picked it up and looked at it with curiosity then looked back to Sirius who had his trademark grin. "It's a two-way mirror, James and I used these to talk to each other when we had detention at school, we also used them to communicate during the war when he and I were given different assignments. James would want you to have his, I still have mine, just call my name when you want to talk to me and I will answer," Sirius said and Reagan nodded before getting up and hugging Sirius, holding him as tight as she can. "Thank you Sirius," Reagan said and Sirius had to stop himself from crying. "I've also worked a locator charm into the handle, wherever you go, take it with you. I'll be able to find you cub," Sirius said in a bare whisper. "Promise me something?" Reagan asked. "Anything, you name it, I'll do it," Sirius replied. "Bring Remus here and give him a home as well," Reagan said and Sirius chuckled. "Reagan, you have your mother's heart as well as her eyes. Of course I'll bring the damn wolf here, even if I have to drag him with his tail between his legs," Sirius said, Reagan nodded before enjoying the first real hug she's ever received from a family member. (Time-skip) Sirius kept his word and second day of summer Holidays he turned up at the front doorsteps of the Dursley's. Reagan had noticed the silence wards go up and recognized the form of Padfoot bark from out the window and then wink at her before he changed back and the doorbell rang. Vernon and Petunia had shown expressions of complete fear when 'Mass Murderer Sirius Black' knocked on their doorstep, waltzed