Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter but I claim this plot, as I haven't seen this in a fanfic before but please feel free to correct me if I'm wrong A/N: Hey guys, as promised I am now starting the re-write of Taken. I'd read all of your reviews and am now taking the time to recreate and retell the story I started. This will allow me to correct mistakes made and also give you a story with more substance. TRIGGER WARNING: This has references to non-consensual and underage sex. Do not read/skip if you are uncomfortable with that. "Speech" " Parseltongue " Summary: What if all Rosalie Lily Potter had been told is a lie? That her parents weren't dead but in fact they were loyal followers of Voldemort and his ideals, and that Rosalie had been kidnapped by Dumbledore and hidden from her parents in an attempt to cultivate her natural talents to oppose the Dark Lord and her parents, who were not Gryffindor's but in fact, Slytherin's. And how does this affect her when she is told by the goblins when she's first taken to Gringotts by Professor Snape who is her Godfather? Chapter 1: Rescue There was a loud banging on the front door of the Dursley's, Rosalie was curled up in her bed under the cupboard. Rosalie Potter was now 8 as of today, she hated her aunt and uncle, not that she's say anything or she'd get another beating or possibly be raped again by her whale of an Uncle. She shivered as she recalled the events that now plagued her nightmares. It was a dark and cold night in the middle of winter, Aunt Petunia had taken Dudley to one of his friend's places and stayed over for dinner because Vernon was supposed to be working late. Vernon returned home drunk after working, he headed straight for the cupboard and dragged Rose by her hair up to his bedroom. She survived barely and every night since the incident she would have nightmares, sometimes she could barely sleep. "Who the fuck is it banging at an ungodly hour on a Sunday!" Vernon Dursley, her main tormentor snapped as he descended the stars, the loud thumping of his weight against the stairs woke her up. Rosalie looked through the grate of her cupboard door to see a pale man with long-ish dark hair and clothes that looked like he was from a different era than the 20th century. Petunia also went to the door asking who it was but paled when she saw him. Rosalie was fascinated that such a man could cause her aunt to lose her composure, the man locked eyes with her and his lips curled up into a snarl. "Severus, what are you doing here?" Petunia asked, her whole body had begun shaking. "I'm here to check up on Miss Rosalie Potter to give a report to Albus Dumbledore as to how the girl has been treated, might I see the girl?" The man known as Severus asked. "Who told you she lives here! Are you one of those Freaks like her?" Vernon snapped at the man. "No, I am not a Freak you fat overweight whale! I am a Wizard and a Potions master, now I want to see Miss Rosalie Potter this instant!" The man's voice echoed throughout the house and Rose winced at his tone, so she quickly opened her cupboard, however, she tripped over her own feet and ended up falling to the ground as she exited her cupboard. "I'm here," she squeaked. "You whore ! You know you're not supposed to come out of your room unless needed!" Vernon's face was going red and he made a move for her, but found a black wooden stick placed upon his neck. "Not, another step, towards my Godchild," The man said coldly. "Miss Potter, go pack your things quickly. Ligilimens! " the stick the man was holding glowed slightly but his eyes glazed over as he bore into Vernon's mind. Rose quickly did as the strange man asked of her and packed up everything she own in the small backpack that she also owned, it was normal for her that everything she owned fit into one bag, though many people had questioned why she has such little things, she had never had much. When Rose had gathered everything that she owned she exited the cupboard under the stairs in hopes that she would never return there. "How dare you! A pathetic excuse for a human touch a magical child in such a way! I ought to kill you myself! But I'll leave it for her to deal with, she's not as dead as you think!" Rosalie winced as the man's voice turned into a loud shout. "You dare threaten me in my own home! I'm not sure what you did, but I know the whore is only useful for that! Get out of here now!" Vernon snapped back at him. "Miss Potter, come with me. You'll never have to see these damn people ever again," the man said, he gave an obviously forced smile, but Rosalie could tell from looking into his eyes that he was trying to control his emotions for her sake so she complied. "Now I'm supposed to report back to Albus, but I'm going to take you to a better destination," the man said. "Uh... Sir I never got your name?" Rosalie asked a little shyly looking up at the man who had taken her out of that hell hole. "Sorry, my name is Severus Snape. I'm a professor at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry... I'm also your godfather," he said sincerely. "So... if you're my godfather, where have you been all my life?" Rose asked quietly. "Trying to track you down, a very dangerous wizard kidnapped you and placed you here and use his magic to hide you from us. I spent the past 8 years gaining his trust to be the one to come and find you," Severus replied. "Us?" Rosalie asked. "I cannot reveal more even though I want to, so badly," he said with a pained look on his face. "Now please take my hand," he held his hand up. Rosalie did as told and she placed her hand on his, making sure to hold her bag on her shoulder tightly. As soon as her hand touched his she was pulled out of reality and landed somewhere with a 'pop'. When they were stable again Rosalie found herself on her back on the ground and staring up at the grey clouds. ' The sky sure looks beautiful ' she thought before she was helped to her feet by Severus. "Don't worry too much, that happens to everyone when it comes to their first-time experiencing side-long apparition," Severus replied. Flourish and Blotts was the sign outside the shop that Severus led her into. He had kindly asked her to find the books on a list that he had while he had to quickly make a call. When she began to gather the books, Severus went outside to make the call, he pulled up his lift sleeve and touch where the dark mark was supposed to be with his wand. He and all the other Death eaters knew that Voldemort never actually died, but he was simply in hiding along with two of his most faithful Death Eaters. "Severus, what is it?" Voldemort said through his mark, clearly annoyed he was communicated to through the invisible mark. "My Lord, Dumbledore finally gave me her location. I've currently got her with me, it... it's horrible my lord. The muggles, they did things to her, I need to get her to you and the two with you as soon as possible," Severus replied. "Very well, finish your shopping and come straight to the manor. I will tell my hosts the good news," Voldemort said. "My lord, there is a lot of bad news as well... the muggles... they raped her, my lord," Severus was hesitant to say that. "What! I will have their heads!" Voldemort snapped. "My lord, respectfully. I believe the muggles consequences should be left with the person they wronged," Severus was fully ready to hear his lord shout at him. "I suppose you are correct, come quickly. I will assemble the trusted groups to prepare for the return of their princess," Voldemort said. Severus voiced his acceptance and went back to monitoring Rosalie and helping her grab the school supplies that he had ordered for his students this year. There was a lot more on the list and when she asked Severus why half of the books on the list weren't at Flourish and Blotts, he simply told her that it must've still been on order and that he would pick them up at a later date when they've brought it in. "Come now there are some people I must introduce you to, as well as your new home," Severus said, Rosalie looked at him skeptically. "I meant what I said, you're never going back to that place again," he held his hand out and she took it again. With another 'pop' she fell on her ass again at the destination that they teleported to. She had figured it was a form of teleportation, she had seen five teenagers who wore spandex costumes who fought monsters do it through a wrist watch on one of Dudley's favourite shows. However, they always landed on their feet and ready for a fight. She ended up on her behind, yet again. This time she was looking up at a grand chandelier which had dark green candles lighting up the room. "Hopeless when first apparating, just like your father," Rose registered the voice of a woman. "Severus, it's good to see you again," the woman had green eyes and crimson hair which reminded Rose of when she had the odd chances to look at herself in the mirror between chores. "Lily, a pleasure to see you again," Severus seemed a little hesitant which scared Rose who stood up and hid behind him. "It's okay Severus, you can hug my wife. Especially after what you've done for us," Rose saw a man with glasses smile at Severus. Without hesitating Severus walked over and hugged Lily, the woman in question constantly whispering "I'm so sorry Lily," over and over again. Rose was shifting her weight from one foot to another and she unconsciously played with her long auburn hair. "I know your nervous sweetheart, your mother used to do the same thing when she was younger. Of course, she grew out of it and into more... Extreme hobbies," the man with glasses said. "And you would know how? My parents died in a car accident," Rose retorted. "Allow me to properly introduce myself, my name is James Fleamont Potter. And that woman with Severus is my wife, Lily Evans-Potter. We're your parents," James said. "And I'm supposed to believe magic exists as well? Magic only exists in fairy tales, much like dragons, basilisks and unicorns," Rose rolled her eyes. "There's a dragon sanctuary in Romania, my ancestor's basilisk is in the Chamber of Secrets at Hogwarts and there are Unicorns in the forbidden forest in Hogwarts," an older man with dark hair said, his gaze directed at Rose. Before anyone could actually speak to her she fainted dropping onto the ground. "Severus I want a full body examination done on my baby girl," Lily said as she picked up Rosalie from where she had fainted. Lily and James with Severus and Tom following placed the girl in her room, it was large and spacious. The bed curtains of the four-poster bed were emerald green with the blankets being black and pillows being traditional white. There was an empty desk that was placed next to the entrance to the balcony which looked out over a large great lake. The room had its own bathroom and a