Okay. I got this review from The Dreamer on my Eternal's Mate story. I thank you for the review saying that I had an amazing story. But the way I'm going about the Edward thing is that he's acting that way because of the challenge an Eternal has to go through. He wasn't in full control of that, and remember in my version she didn't get bit, she just got a broken leg. But I'll let my readers have their opinions and love my story. And I send a Big Thanks to all of my loyal readers. You all just make me have something to look forward to. I always check my email to see if I had any feedback. And I do not own Twilight: New Moon. Alice POV Jasper, Emmett, Rose, and I were coming back from hunting. Edward was watching over Menah from the woods surrounding the house. He would sometimes refuse to leave. The only time we really see him is when we go hunting or at school. It can be saddening at times. We started to run when I froze in the middle of the forest. My vision changed. Bella came up the stairs when she heard the commotion and was watching in disbelief and excitement but with hidden sadness and anger. Menah looked at her as she still hugged Charlie. Her eyes were narrowed at her… Menah was yelling at Edward in front of us when she found out what happened. The family sat in shock as she displayed her thoughts to Edward. They were going back and forth when she said something else and left the house in a huff… The Volturi sat in their thrones talking of something. The sat there bored until the room was filled with wind. My vision blurred for a moment and next Menah was laying on the ground in front Aro… Jasper had his arms wrapped around my shoulders as I came back to it. "What's happened Alice?" Rosalie asked me as I came back to it. I looked up shocked and happy. "Menah's waking up." I didn't want to tell them what else had happened in my vision. I would try to stop it from happening. Third POV Her long, curly hair blew back as she sat in the windy field behind her family home. Her brown skin glowed in the setting sun. She was humming a tune she heard once from her mother. She stopped suddenly hearing a voice among the wind. She got up and looked around the field. In the distant she saw two figures jogging to her, laughing. As they grew closer to her she saw an older version of her with laugh lines by her lips and eyes. A man was next to her with a bald head and soft brown eyes. They looked at her with happy eyes and bright smiles. Their brown skin glowed just as her did. As they came closer the man said, "Look at our little girl. She finally grew up." He stood in front of Menah and touched her face. In that moment she knew they were her parents. " She has." The woman said, gazing upon her. The woman stood next to her father. "And I bet she remembers us." Menah nodded her head. "Of course I do." She hiccuped and tears flowed down her face. "Of course I do. You're my parents." Menah suddenly laughed and launched herself in their arms. They hugged for a minute until they pulled back. " We've been watching you since that day, Menah. But now things are getting out of control and we can do nothing to help, but comfort you before it's time." Her mother told her. " Time for what exactly?" Menah said confused. Her father stepped in. "The time to see if you choose to go back to your own life, but it's let's not talk about it now. There are more important things to discuss." Her mother nodded her head. "Your mate needs you, Menah. The only reason he was behaving that way was because of our heritage. It's our challenge to become an Eternal, as you know. But don't give into anything easily. You are tough so act that way." She spoke strongly. " But there's something else out there waiting for you. You're the last one of our kind and that puts you endanger to him. He is weak, but in due time he will rise and come for you." Father paused and grabbed both of their hands. "We gave you our powers before he had the chance to get rid of us. You now hold something very dear." He pointed to her neck. Menah looked down to see the tattoo on her neck. She touched it remembering what happened when searching for it. She looked up and said, "This is too much. I can't do this. Just because I am the one last one doesn't mean that I can save people. I can't control myself when I'm angry and I can't even get a date with Edward." by the end of her ranting she was pacing in the field of blue orchids. The sky started to grow darker. They looked up. "Menah it's time." Her father said. " We must go." Her mother grabbed her and pulled her in for a hug. She stepped away and kissed her forehead. "You know that we watch you and love you for all that it is." Menah sobbed as their bodies started to fade. "I love you both so much." They were gone. Her mind grew fuzzy as something in the distant was heard. She looked around and her sight was blurred. She felt her body fall through the orchids and the last sight she seen was the sky darkening. Menah's POV My body felt heavy as I tried to move, but it was no use. I was never like this when I fall asleep. I can't remember what happened before I woke up, except for that dream I had. However, it really was my parents talking to me. I turned to see a heart monitor and an IV next to my bed. It was the noise that floated into my dream. I moved my upper body trying to get up, but I ended up slamming myself on the ground. I moved my arms, but can only move lean up. I heard someone coming up the steps. Dad popped his head in from where the door was. He saw me on the floor and rushed to my side. "Menah, why are you out the bed?" I couldn't reply, but I hugged him tight with unknown strength I didn't know I had. I don't even know why I was hugging him so heard. My throat was dry and I needed water. I pulled back and pointed to my neck. He helped me sit back up on the bed and I sat on the end as he picked up a cup on the nightstand next to the bed. He handed it to me and I finished it in five seconds flat. "What happened? Why am I like this?" I asked him. "All I remember is Bella leaving." "Well you decided to leave without telling me and you went after her. You left with Edward and his father to find her and you both were trying to convince her to come back. You and Bella ended up tripping down two flights of stairs and out a window. Bella ended up with a broken leg, but you were worst…" the story seemed like a cover to what really happened. "What… what happened?" I looked at him pleadingly. He shook his head and stared at the floor. "You end up hitting your head and you've been in a coma for two months." "No… two…" I couldn't get my words out. Two months has gone by, but it didn't even feel that way. Charlie pulled me in for another hug when he had seen the panic face I was making. Someone else came upstairs. Bella walked through the door and her face held different emotions. I narrowed my eyes at her and moved from Charlie. I got up on unsteady legs and stumbled, but kept myself up and walked to Bella slowly. I stared at her for a minute until I suddenly put my arms around her. I whispered, "You might be a pain in my ass, but you are still my sister." She relaxed and hugged me back. I pulled away with a laugh as my stomach growled. We all sat at the table eating lasagna that Bella made. Charlie was concerned that my body wouldn't take solid food, but I waved him off and told him that I'll be fine. Charlie was telling that the school would let me become a senior, but I have to pass my exams, but I knew I would the work was still fresh in mind. It was just why I was here is what I can't remember. The front door was slammed opened and Charlie and Bella sat down calmly like this always happened. Ryan and Candice walked into the kitchen. Candice squealed loudly and Ryan pulled us in for a group hug. Charlie just shook his head and put his dishes in the sink. "They have been coming here non-stop." "It's true." Ryan said. "Candice wouldn't stop staining my shirt. I told her you'll pull through." "Thanks for the support." We walked upstairs to my room. I was growing my strength back. "I appreciate you guys checking on me." I saw my old, worn book on my bed and tossed it in my trunk. "It wasn't just us, along with Bella and Charlie. Mama Cullen has been over here watching over you since Charlie and Bella had to work sometime. They knew you would be ticked to stop their lives to watch someone sleep." Ryan told me. "That's for damn sure. I wouldn't want them to watch over me with nothing to do." I sat down on my bed. "So what's been going?" Candice said, "Nothing really since school is out." She sat on the bed next to me while Ryan sat in my desk chair. "But we know that Bella and Edward stop going out. I think Edward dumped her for you." "The problem is that he should've asked her out to begin with." Ryan said. "It bugs me that he put you through all of that and he had the nerve to dump Bella because he finally realized his mistake." "You both believe that?" They nodded their heads. "Well if he wants me he would have to work for it." We spent some time in my room talking. We spent hours going over what we were going to do senior year. When Ryan was talking the doorbell had rung and I got up to look through my window to see Carlisle's car. The doorbell had rung. "Who is it?" They asked me when I turned from the window. "Doctor Cullen. His car is outside." Steps were heard coming up stairs. "Well it's time for us to be heading out." Ryan said. "We'll come back again and get some rest." They got up and Carlisle walked in the room. They all greeted each other and he walked to me on the bed and dragged over my rolling, desk chair. "Hello Menah. How do you feel?" He took put his medical bag on my face and got to work. "I'm fine really. I was so hungry I wanted to eat a cow." He chuckled at the hidden meaning. I said seriously, "How is… everyone?" "They miss you. The effect you had on everyone, even me, had us terribly worried." We had stayed in silence for a minute. "I need an explanation on what happened. I can't remember anything from until Bella left and Charlie gave me this bogus story that's too ridiculous to believe. Because if Bella had dragged me