I do not own Lord of the Rings, that is Tolkien's creation :D I think my story will follow the movies plot line more closely than the books, but I may tweak it as I go, taking the best of both worlds. I hope you enjoy! Chance Meetings and Unexpected Partings It was a fair day in the Shire, the sun shone brightly on its people who went busily about their business. A good deal of hobbits found themselves taking a moment to simply admire the green things around him, the warm weather making it easy to relax. Bilbo Baggins was no exception. He sat at his kitchen table with a softly smoking pipe in hand as he lazily watched the wind sweep across the emerald blades of grass. The only sounds that permeated Bag End were the sounds of his gardener hard at work on a persistent clump of weeds. His hoe raking across the vile patch was mingled with a few grunts and the occasional curse. Yes, another fine day, Thought the hobbit as he took a puff of his pipe. The wisps of smoke unfurled from his mouth, rising up to the ceiling in the shape of small rings. Life is good. A young woman struggled down the dusty road that would soon pass before Bag End. Her golden locks were matted with sweat and dust, the mingling of the two elements causing her once fair hair to stick to her face. She traveled light, the only thing she carried being a bundle on her back and a walking stick. Many a curious hobbit peered outside their windows or paused from their work in the fields to watch the woman pass. It was not every day that a race other than hobbit walked along the road. The woman staggered on, clutching to her walking stick tightly, seeming unable to support herself without its aide. Her ocean blue eyes did not stray from her path, everything around her having lost its importance long ago. She was determined to reach her goal, pressing on even though her strength was failing her, her destination it appeared could not wait. The Gaffer lifted himself from the recently defeated weeds; a cracked smile appeared on his face as he wiped the sweat from his forehead. "That'll teach ya to mess with me." He scolded the mess of green that lay mutilated before him. Bilbo paused in his smoking to peer outside at the Gaffers work. "Ah, I see you managed to get rid of that nasty bit." He commented with a commending nod. "Aye, I managed sir." The Gaffer said proudly, his chest sticking out more than normal. "Ain't a weed that's safe from me." Bilbo gave off a chuckle at the man's actions, taking one more puff of his pipe. As he let loose another few rings of smoke something else caught his attention, but this time it lay beyond his garden. "Dear me," He said as he lay his pipe down, rising slightly from his seat in order to get a better look at the hunched over figure of the wandering woman. The Gaffer frowned at Bilbo's reaction, following his gaze slowly. "What's one of the Big Folk doing in our Shire?" He questioned grumpily as he watched the woman continue to walk along the road. "They've no business here." He stated before giving a curt nod at his proclamation. Bilbo, though, remained silent. He felt sorry for the struggling woman, her burden seeming to have caught up with her after what appeared had been a long and strenuous journey. And the weight of the journey had indeed caught up with her, for at that very moment her strength finally failed her and with one false step she crashed to the ground. Bilbo did not waste a moment. As soon as the traveler fell he sprang up from his chair and ran out of his home, racing down to aide the fallen woman. The Gaffer simply stared, jaw slightly dropped as he watched the motionless body. "Confound it all, Gaffer!" Bilbo cried out as he attempted to lift the woman, which was a great deal taller than he was. "Don't just stand there and help me get her inside." "Yes, of course!" The man cried as he ran over to help Bilbo. Between the two hobbits they were able to move the woman into Bag End. There was no bed large enough, but they made due, laying her gently on the floor in front of the fire with many soft pillows below her. "Put the kettle on, a warm drink might do her some good." Bilbo commanded as he worked on removing the bundle from the womans back. "And a glass of water as well!" He added turning his head to make sure the Gaffer was making haste. A hand grasped onto Bilbo's, keeping him from untying the bag. When the hobbit turned around again he found the traveler awake, her blue eyes staring up at him. "I must reach the harbor." She said, her voice surprisingly strong despite her apparent weak condition. "But you're not well." Bilbo stated, shaking his head as she tried to get up. He gently tried to keep her down, hoping that she would give into reason. "No, I cannot stay here; the ships will be leaving soon." And with this statement she seemed to regain her strength. She sat up, pushing Bilbo back. "They'll leave me behind." Bilbo fumbled over his words, trying to find ones that would persuade the determined woman to remain still. His eyes scanned over her dirty face and he paused. Despite all of the grime it had accumulated, it was not hard to find the beauty that must have once graced the oval face. It was a pity to see the damage that the sun and wind had wrought upon the ivory façade. If only she could get a good cleaning in, Bilbo thought, her beauty would be unparallel to that of any woman he had ever met. Her eyes, though their crisp blue color rivaled that of any of the Shire's rivers, seemed to lack something. They were dull, seeming to have lost a certain luster that he was sure they had once possessed. It was then that he realized that this was not any woman, his gaze trailed to take in the rest of her. She's an Elf! But what her business was in the Shire, or what was awaiting her at the harbor she spoke of would never be told. As quickly as her strength had returned to her it also left her. She lay back down, her physical illness finally conquering the force of her spirit. And at long last she gave in, her eyes closing, all of her elven grace leaving her as she finally let herself be taken. The Gaffer emerged from the kitchen, a piping hot kettle in one hand and a jug of water in the other. He stopped in his tracks, though, once he saw the still image of the woman, water spilling over from the swinging jug as he stared Bag End was silent; the two hobbits were motionless for quite some time. They simply watched the body of the traveler, wondering why she had come to the Shire and why she had passed so quickly. But amidst the silence a faint murmur could be heard. At first it was too weak for their ears but it grew in volume. Bilbo stared down at the elven woman's body; the sound was coming from it. Suddenly a thought dawned upon him and he quickly turned her over, the bundle being revealed. He made quick work of it, untying it from the elf. Holding it close to him he unwrapped the soft sheets which were tightly, yet gently spun around it. As he lifted the last fold he found a small infant tucked away under it, silently watching the hobbit with soft green eyes. The day of the elven woman's death soon came to a close, her body still lay in the same place it had since she had entered Bag End. The Gaffer was hard at work outside, digging a grave that would be deep enough for the traveler. He frowned as he continued his task, not being able to make any sense of why Bilbo had decided to bury the stranger on his own land. "Not my place to argue." He huffed as he dug various bits of earth flying up and about with every strike of his shovel. Bilbo on the other hand found himself inside his home, a slice of untouched bread and cheese on his kitchen table. His brown eyes were unfocused as he stared into his living room where the woman lay. He had tried to find out more about her, asking neighbors and even venturing to the Green Dragon to see if they had any gossip, but no one seemed to know anything about her. And no one seemed to care much either. Thought the hobbit as he sighed heavily. That was what had lead him to his decision to take the elf's funeral arrangements into his own hands. The house was silent, nothing stirred in it as the hobbit lay deep in thought. There was still one unresolved issue: the child. At closer inspection he had found that it was a little girl. She was very still for such a young infant, only seeming to be eight months. She had not cried the entire time; all she did was stare back at him with her curious green eyes. I surely can't take her anywhere, she seems weak from the journey. He gave a quick glance to the large fruit basket he had turned into a cradle, the child was fast asleep. I suppose the only thing left to do then is to wait. Bilbo Baggins did just that. Time went by much quicker than he had expected, before he knew it the child was starting to walk. Her personality too seemed to be developing. The days of a quiet little girl who slept the day away were long gone. They had now been replaced with a rather rowdy toddler who wanted to experiment with everything inside and outside of Bag End. It was late one autumn evening when an unexpected visitor appeared outside of Bilbo's home. The grizzled looking old man gave the circular green door a tap with his staff. Bilbo was in the middle of giving the young child her daily bath, luckily he was almost done. "Just a moment." He called from the wash room, taking the girl out and wrapping a soft white towel around her frame. The wizard, though, did not like to be kept waiting. Not tonight at least. He gave the door another tap, this time it was much louder. "The nerve of some people!" The hobbit exclaimed as he hastily walked to the door, juggling the year old child in his arms as he fumbled for the door knob. "Well what is it?" He asked gruffly, eyes trailing up from where he thought his hobbit guest would be standing. Once his eyes reached level with the wizards, though, he instantly let out a wide smile. "Gandalf!" He cried out cheerfully. "I hadn't expected it to be you, please do come in!" And he instantly moved back, letting his old friend pass. Gandalf nodded as he walked into Bag End, taking his hat off and placing it on the coat hanger. He leaned his staff on the wall before taking a good look at his slightly damp friend. "Dear me, Bilbo, who is that?" He questioned, examining the young girl. "Who?" Bilbo asked, slightly puzzled as he followed the wizards gaze. When he realized who he was inquiring about he let nodded, shifting the girl from one arm to another. "Well, to be honest I don't really know." Bilbo set to work explaining how the child