A/N: Well, that didn't take too long, now did it? Yes my friends, I have returned with a sequel, and much sooner than even I anticipated! This is the sequel to The Sleeping Sickness, and so I highly recommend you read that story first if you have not already. Background: Deceptive Cadence takes place about one month after The Sleeping Sickness ended. Harry and Severus have been getting along fine with their new found respect for each other, and Albus, of course, couldn't be happier about it. Hermione and Ron have been properly filled in, and Snape does not have to act quite as nasty to any of the Golden Trio in Potions class, as Draco's father has undoubtedly filled his son in on Voldemort's newest plan. Severus and Harry have been continuing their Occlumency and DADA lessons, and Harry has been (GASP!) actually improving! Hats off to my wonderful beta Sindie, as she will be correcting my grammar throughout the story! And she does such an impressive job :-) Deceptive Cadence Chapter 1: Unfinished Business The full moon appeared slightly hazy through the thin layer of cloud that covered it. The dim light that it created would have lit up Privet Drive, had there not been an obnoxiously bright street light every twenty feet. The autumn air of the night was crisp, and the cool breeze sent dried leaves somersaulting. It was All Hallows Eve in Little Whinging, Surrey, and the night was drawing to an end. Only a small amount of children littered the streets, as most had already returned home. Those that remained clutched their candy-filled sacks with joy, eager to get home and eat as much as their mums and dads would allow. A small girl gasped suddenly, stepping aside as a tall, dark-cloaked man strode purposefully down the sidewalk, almost knocking her over. His face was set in determination and his appearance was quite intimidating, despite the limp in his step. His dark eyes made contact with the girl for only a moment as he continued on his way quickly, causing his black robes to violently billow out from behind him. "Bumbling little whelp," the man muttered in annoyance. As he continued to stalk down the street, he grew increasingly irritated with the way each house was a mirror image of the one that preceded it. When he had finally reached number four, he decided that the address truly was the only way he'd ever be able to locate a specific house, as none held any distinguishing features. He headed up the stone walkway and wasted little time before knocking on the door. A shrill voice came from inside the house. "Dudders! Could you get that for Mummy, please?" A whale of a boy answered the door, his red cheeks covered with smears of chocolate. The boy slowly looked up until his wide eyes made contact with the dark orbs of the intimidating man in the doorway. "We don't have any more candy; we ran out a while ago," the boy muffled around a mouth full of chocolate. The dark man carefully looked over the boy with an expression of distaste. His eyes roamed over the rotund belly, flabby arms and chubby cheeks before making eye contact once again. "Indeed," he replied simply. The furtive insult went right over the teenager's head as he swallowed his mouthful of sweets. He looked at the man with confusion, and began speaking with a tone of superiority. "Aren't you a little old to be Trick or Treating? What are you supposed to be, anyway?" The man tapped his lower lip with a slender finger in mock thoughtfulness before looming over the plump boy menacingly. "Angry," he replied with a scowl. "Why don't you run along now and fetch your parents, Dudley Dursley," he whispered perilously. The teenager's eyes widened in fear before he quickly turned around and waddled off. "Mum! Dad!" A smirk of satisfaction spread across the man's lips as he remained in the doorway. "What's all this about?" A thin woman with a long, horse-like face rounded the corner. She was wiping her hands on a towel as Dudley dragged her down the foyer towards the mystery man. Upon noticing him, the woman stopped in her tracks. "YOU!" she shrieked. The man responded by crossing his arms over his chest and looking her up and down hatefully. "What's the matter, Petunia? Angry that you actually have to do some of the housework yourself these days?" Petunia Dursley ignored the comment, but her face tinged red with anger all the same. "Severus Snape! You-you have no business here!" she bellowed. Professor Severus Snape, Potions master, glared fiercely at the woman. "Aren't you going to invite me in?" Petunia's already thin lips pressed into a line. "No! Absolutely not!" she shouted as she began stalking toward the door with intent to slam it shut. When she grabbed hold of the door, however, it seemed to be stuck in place. She tried shutting it several times, using all of her strength to push and pull at it, but it would not budge. Panting, she looked up to see Snape smirking at her. "I-I want you to-to stop using that freak magic!" Petunia attempted to be demanding, but her obvious fear at what Snape was capable of was showing right through her façade. Severus snarled angrily at the woman's use of the word "freak", as he had seen it yelled at Harry Potter so many times in the boy's memories. "The only thing 'freakish' that has happened in this house was the blatant mistreatment of one of my students!" Petunia paled and began shaking her head. "You-you can't prove anything! We took that good-for-nothing child out of the goodness of our hearts! It's certainly not my fault that his parents had to go and get themselves killed! We've been taking care of my worthless sister's freak child for years, and-" "ENOUGH." Petunia stepped back in fear at Snape's dangerous tone and malicious appearance. He looked as though he could snap at any moment. Severus tilted his head to the side in contemplation, his dark eyes burning with anger. "One thing is for certain, Petunia. You did not inherit the manners that your sister possessed. The filth that is spewing from your mouth is unfathomable! I, fortunately, have a remedy for that." Snape waved his hand casually, and a look of horror washed over Petunia's features. Coughing and sputtering, she took a step backward as soap bubbles began seeping out of her mouth. Wide eyed and mouth gaping, it took only a moment for Dudley to run down the hallway, screaming as he went. Severus stepped inside of the house, leaning over Petunia with a scowl. "Not very pleasant, is it?" he seethed. "If you're wondering how long it will last, I don't have an answer. But when you consider how long Harry Potter has had to endure this punishment wrongfully throughout his unfortunate time under this roof, you'll begin to get an accurate picture of the length of your punishment." Snape backed away and smirked at the look of terror on Petunia's face. Something told him she would be coughing up soap bubbles for quite some time. "WHAT THE DEVIL IS GOING ON HERE?" Snape turned from Petunia to witness the larger-than-life form of Vernon Dursley thumping down the hallway. The obese man paled at the sight of him, before his chubby cheeks turned purple upon noticing his wife's condition. "Vernon Dursley," Snape's deep voice hissed. "The very reason for my visit…" he trailed off as he began stalking menacingly toward the shorter man. Vernon stood his ground as Snape drew closer. His arms were crossed over his chest, but his eyes displayed fear at the tall, dark wizard walking toward him. "I demand that you undo whatever freak magic you put on my wife and leave my house!" Snape's eyes darkened more so at the use of the word "freak" again. He quickened the last few steps between himself and the whale, grabbing Vernon's shirt collar and pushing him up against the wall forcefully. He scowled down at the man as he loomed over him, his wand out in an instant and against the man's throat threateningly. "I would say 'trick or treat', Dursley, but I'm not giving you the option," he snarled as he poked the tip of his wand even further into the man's double chin. Vernon trembled underneath the wizard's gaze. The image of a scowling Severus Snape with such intense anger in his eyes, hovering above with his wand pressing into the shorter man's throat was not something to be taken lightly. "Look, whoever you are! I don't know what you want and I don't care! I want you out of my house!" Vernon's face was turning purple again, and he spat as he shouted, trying to gain some form of control. Snape inched in closer and began whispering, his voice seething and venomous. "I am Professor Severus Snape; see to it that you address me as such. The boy, your own nephew , was placed into your care for a reason. I have witnessed the horrors you have committed against him, and I'm here to let you know it will not go unpunished." Vernon Dursley swallowed nervously, his eyes darting side to side. "Look, ah, Professor Snape, is it? You've taught the boy, right?" Snape nodded slowly, curious to see how Dursley would try to wiggle his way out of his current predicament. Vernon nodded as well and leaned in closer as he began talking quietly. "You must know what a troublemaker the boy is. Sometimes it's necessary to discipline with a firm hand; you know what I'm saying?" The wizard nodded his head in understanding. "Or perhaps a firm belt; am I right, Dursley?" he added as he quirked an eyebrow thoughtfully. Vernon smiled in response, feeling as though he and the professor were beginning to stand on common ground. "Exactly. I mean, who are we to say what type of punishment is technically right or wrong? If the boy is misbehaving, he needs to be taught a lesson." Snape felt his blood begin to boil, and he simply could no longer pretend to be civil with the disgusting man in front of him. Grabbing his collar more forcefully, he slammed the man into the wall again. "Harry Potter has done nothing to deserve your brand of discipline. In fact, you should consider yourself very lucky that the boy you locked up was so kind-hearted and loving. The fact that he was so caring and too young to do magic prevented you and your repulsive household from getting what you deserve. I assure you, you will not receive the same treatment from me!" Vernon wiped his forehead as sweat began to pour. He looked to his wife, but she was still miserably coughing up bubbles. His son Dudley had already run upstairs in cowardice, locking himself in his room. Snape sneered at the fear on Vernon's face. "What's the matter, Dursley? No one around to help you?" He glared down at the trembling man, feeling no remorse for frightening him in such a way. The bastard deserved so much more. An image of a shivering and injured Harry Potter huddled alone and in darkness underneath the stairs entered his mind then, and he felt his face get hot with anger. "Now you know exactly what it was like for a helpless little boy who was being tortured by his own family! SHOW ME THE CUPBOARD!" Vernon jumped at the sudden roaring command of the dark-cloaked wizard who still clutched his shirt. He continued to shake, and could not meet the dark, furious eyes of the taller man before him. "I-I… I don't know what you're talk-" "Don't lie to me," Snape commanded fiercely. "I can guarantee you will regret it." Vernon found himself more put off by the cold command of the professor's