A/N-To those who have read my other story, my promise still stands. I said I would finish it, and I will. However I have recently lost interest and decided to start working on an idea that I've been toying with for quite a while. I feel like what I'm dealing with here if more familiar grounds with what I'm used to. This is the kind of work that I feel like I can show a better writing side for. Summary: The Assassins, a dark and mysterious group, formed at the early ages of man, when titans still ruled the Earth. A group of elite soldiers unmatched in all forms of combat. For millennium they have remained in hiding, known only by a few gods, bound by an oath to the five rivers never to speak of them. They did not reveal themselves when Kronos rose again and marched on Olympus. They did not reveal themselves when Apophis broke from his prison and attempted to plunge the world into Chaos. Neither did they reveal themselves when Gaia and her giant sons rose and attempted to destroy the roots of Olympus itself. But now, an ancient foe is rising, the Bane of the Assassins. It took the efforts of all The Assassins to take him down last time, but this time he has an army. An army of monsters spanning across every mythological world. Now The Assassins must finally come out of hiding as the only mediator between all the pantheons. They must unite all the worlds into one army to fight the most powerful enemy any of them will ever face. Lucifer is rising and he desires only one thing, destruction. A/N-The world of PJO belongs to Rick Riordan and any characters that I use from the book, for the most part I'll be using oc or characters from actual mythology. The plot is 100% mine. NO Pertemis. None, notta, nopity nope nope nope. Ain't gonna happen. Read my bio for more info on why this ship and many others will NEVER happen in ANY of my stories. Silence. That's all that could be heard in the forest. Not a welcoming silence, more of an eerie silence. The kind that foretold that something bad was going to happen very soon, like the calm before the storm. The 'calm' was a teenager, no more than fourteen years old running as fast as his legs could carry him. The flow of blonde hair could be seen as he ran. His blue eyes that he got from his father gave the boy a look of complete innocence, and that was not far from the truth, at the time anyways. Running with him was a small girl who had only recently turned seven years old. Her features were yet to be seen, she had a hood over her head to keep out the wind that was biting into their skin on this cold night. The 'storm' was the horde of monsters following right behind, the horde that the boy was running away from. In any other scenario, the boy would've fought, but this was not a normal scenario. He now had a little sister to take care of, a little sister who had neither a mother nor a father to protect her. Her mother was lost, most likely devoured by the horde of monsters; that was something Ortheus(Or-thee-is) did not want to think about. He certainly wouldn't be getting help from his father, one of the Olympian gods (under the assumption that Hermes hasn't become an Olympian yet and Hestia is still an Olympian), the ancient laws stopped him from doing that. Further he pushed, hindered only by the seven year old who simply couldn't run as fast, the fact that she had lasted this long was a miracle of the gods themselves. Ortheus wasn't sure how long they would last; over the past two hours the monsters have gone from nothing but a speck in the distance to only a few hundred yards away. They, unlike the monsters, could not keep up this pace all night. He had to think of something and he had to think of it quickly. The gods were out of the question, no help would come from them. If he could just get his sister to a safe place, all would be well, but he was having trouble finding a safe place. Unless? No! There was no way Ortheus would do that, his sister would hate him for eternity if he did that, but what choice did he have, his sister would be safe, happy even. He would be able to fight off the monsters, allowing her a chance to escape in the right direction. It wasn't the best option, Ortheus mused; no, it was the only option. "Sunshine," he yelled to his sister out of breath. A nickname she got from her bright attitude and bleach blond hair that perfectly reflected the sun. Ortheus stopped breathless what he needed to tell her was extremely important, no time for taking breaths. He looked behind him, 'about five hundred yards,' he thought. "Yes," her little voice called to him, "why are we stopping?" The girl looked nervously towards the monsters, who were quickly gaining on them now that they had stopped. "I want you to listen to me very carefully," Ortheus looked her dead in the eye, "I am going to give you some instructions and you are going to follow it to the letter." He tried to use the commanding voice his mom used, but the crack in his voice betrayed any authority in it; however, the little girl got the message regardless. "What is it?" she asked straight-forwardly. "I want you to run as fast as you can." His sister went to speak but Ortheus raised his hand in silence. "Wait until I'm finished. I will stay and fight the monsters while you run. Once you deem that I and the monsters are far enough, pray to Artemis. If and when she answers your call, ask to join her Hunters. It's the only way you'll be safe." "No," she yelled stubbornly, "I'm not leaving you." Ortheus sighed, with this attitude, she'd be perfect for the Hunters he mused. But he couldn't allow her to stay; her life was a stake and that was not something he was going to risk. "I wasn't asking for your opinion," Ortheus' confident voice returning, "you will seek out Artemis and her Hunters, that is an order and you will follow it." "You can't tell me what to do," the girl refused to budge, not taking in the fact that one, Ortheus was now the 'man' of the house which means two, yes, indeed he could tell her what to do. "Look at me," Ortheus looked her dead in the eye, "the monsters will catch up to us no matter what. They're gaining on us as we speak. If that happens I can't protect you, but as long as you're away from here there's still a small possibility that you'll be safe. That's a possibility you'll be sure I'm willing to take. Now go. Now!" His sisters resolve was crumbling, but she still wouldn't move. "I can help you fight them," she yelled. "I've been trained with a bow, I can shoot." It was true, being a demigoddess, she had no choice but to train with something. Not that she was complaining. "Perhaps someday you can help me fight," Ortheus smiled, "but you need more training before then. That training will come from Artemis." "But you'll die before I have the chance to help." She was now on the verge of tears. She refused to leave her older brother. "You dare underestimate me?," Ortheus smiled, trying to lower the tension, "I'll be fine. But only if you go." The girl once again rose her chest to speak, but Ortheus cut her off."I promise, when I survive, I will come find you." He knew it was an empty promise. There's no way he could survive, and an even smaller chance that Artemis would allow him to see his sister if he did. For now, it was the only way to convince his stubborn sister to leave. The girls resolve had finally left. Slowly but surely, she left, with the monsters no more than fifty yards away, she ran. As she ran she continued to look back at her brother occasionally, who was now fighting the monsters. She wanted to go back and help, but he was right, she was of no use in her current state. She hated to admit it, but going to Artemis was the only way. What Ortheus didn't realize was that as soon as she got to Artemis, she intended to ask her Hunters to kill the monsters. What she didn't realize was that the fates had another plan, and Artemis could do nothing about it. AS she ran, the scratches from the thorns and branches added up, the number of times she tripped became uncountable, bruises were already developing around her body from where she ran into a tree, lots of trees. On she went, her legs aching from running for two hours, but she couldn't stop now. The adrenaline coursing through her body was the only thing keeping her going. Her brother had managed to drag her that far, she could make it the rest of the way. Her mind began to wander, anything she could do to distract herself from the pain, both physically and emotionally. Physically, she was only seven years old, but demigods did not have time to grow up. The world was dangerous enough without the gods being added to it, and so her mind had already begun to mature. The aforementioned mind began to think of how she came to be in this predicament. Anything to distract herself from the pain. Only a few hours ago her mother had been softly singing her to sleep. Her brother Ortheus had already finished today's work in the field, and was helping his mother take care of his sister. At the time, all seemed perfect, the calm before the storm. Flashback 3rd Person POV~two hours ago Adrasteia, mother of two and lover to the sun god Apollo, sat in her chair overlooking the fields. She was the envy of the village, a gathering would be a better term. A bunch of houses with thatched roofs in a patch of land surrounded by trees so thick you couldn't even see the neighboring house that was a few hundred yards away. Adrasteia's beauty had won her many suitors, hoping to take her as their wife. Her brown hair and equally dark brown almond shaped eyes were almost impossible to look away from. Her face seemed to be a copy from that of a goddess. Her nose was a perfect round shape, lips as red as the roses that grew in her garden, and a jawline shaped to a squared perfection. Despite her beauty, she was definitely not a damsel in distress. AS her name might suggest, she was a warrior at heart. She could best anyone, man or woman, at a competition of archery, and could even hold her own in close combat. She passed her skills onto her younger son, now the only person who could possibly beat her in archery, and was beginning to train her daughter. It's not what she wanted, but the life of a demigod is not what anyone wanted. As Adrasteia looked at the fields that Ortheus took care of, she couldn't help but let her mind wander off to how she met Apollo. It was at a competition, and someone in their village had accused her of boasting of her abilities, believing herself to be better than the archer twins. Of course she was innocent, she knew it, the accuser knew it, and most importantly, the archer twins knew it. Despite this, the only way to prove her innocence was to