Author's Note: Just an idea I had, let me know what you think with a review. I own nothing. The Northern Waste… Twenty years before the ring passed to Frodo Baggins of the Shire… It was the sound of the howling wind he had fallen asleep to, and it was what he woke up to every morning. The wind thrashing against the side of the igloo. His eyes opened for a second and closed again. He didn't want to get up, he was warm enough lying on his bed. He would have to, if the wind wasn't howling. He took a deep breath and opened his eyes. He sat up and he was in his usual attire. Handmade clothes from dead Wargs. He had a large hide over his shoulders and the head hung on his right shoulder. The Warg was jet black, he remembered killing it. He had a long black cloak that was his fathers, it was from the land below. Gondor to be exact, but no one called it that up here. He made the effort of getting up, he stood and the black cloak went away and he felt the cold air touch his fur covered legs. He took another breath, just another day in paradise. His feet were warm at least, he walked over to the shelf that had books set upon it. His boots crunching the ice floor, which was decorated with two large Warg skins. He wondered what his father would say to him now. 'You need to be happy son, we're lucky they don't mind outsiders up here'. He sighed at the thought, an outsider he was. His hands were ungloved, which was the only way he could read a book. It was morning though, too cold to have them off. He quickly put on his clothes, he had two Warg paws on his knuckles, their claws pointing outward, and they were nice if he got in a bit of trouble. Once his naked hands were clothed he placed his clothed hands on his cheeks. He felt his cheeks get warm for a second, then they went back to being cold. He shrugged, that was the best he was going to get. He rubbed his beard, it was long now, he hadn't noticed. Hard to notice anything if it kept you warm up in the North. He hadn't had a mirror in seven years, but he at least knew he had blue eyes. His hair was long as well, it was braided back, it hung by his shoulders. It also helped against the wind. If his old friends could see him now, they'd probably run away from the wild man. He chuckled softly at the thought of his old friends. His father was a one of the Tower Guard in the White City. After what happened, he was just called and oath breaker. He felt sadness creeping into him as he continued to think about it, he pushed it away and walked to the door of the igloo. He pushed the Warg hide away and stepped out into the wind. It wasn't blowing very hard, but enough that you'd freeze if you weren't around any shelter. He looked down at the small settlement that he and his father had called home, their igloo was up the hill, they didn't mind outsiders, but they weren't nice to them either. He knew that all too well, he could still feel the cold steel slicing down his back six years ago. He now had a scar that went front his left shoulder, all the way down to his right hip. That was the first scar, he had forty-five at his last count. The danger of living in the North. He took a deep breath of the cold rigid air that his lungs had finally gotten used to. He began his little walk down the hill, he needed something from the market. The hill liked to curve at certain spots, and it wasn't entirely snow either, some patches were ice. He had a path though, he went down it and not even a problem occurred. The sun had risen a bit by the time he got to the settlement. He walked past the guard towers, ice towers more like it. The guards knew who he was, they didn't even make a noise as he entered the settlement. The igloos ranged in size, larger families, compared to smaller ones. He noticed the settlers weren't very happy to see him, in fact they never were. He marched on though, just coming into town for something and leaving. He hoped he didn't get into any trouble, he left his sword in his igloo. The market was quite large for a small settlement out in the middle of nowhere. He walked over to the stall of the only person that actually liked him. She was a short woman of the age seventy, hard old bird. She was nice. She saw him and her eyes lit up "Owemyr" she said Owemyr smiled "Morning Gralen" Gralen smiled, her yellow teeth were crooked. "Come down from your hill" "Yeah, I need something" Her eyes gazed at him sharply "And could it be from the land below?" Owemyr smiled "Only you can get stuff from down there" "Aye, it's your home. Not up here with us Snowmen" Owemyr only smiled, his red lips showing through his beard. Gralen turned and bent down and pulled out a small wooden box. She opened it and she pulled out a cloth of silk. "Made in the White City itself" she said offering it to him. Owemyr felt his heart lift when he took it from her. He pulled out his pouch and poured twenty shells and gave them to her. She took them with a smile. "Something new every month, who sends you these things?" Owemyr held the blue silk in his gloved hand, he wished he could feel it at that moment. He looked away and stared into the old woman's bright blue eyes "It's a long story" Gralen smiled "I have a little time left" she said "Not today" Gralen nodded and put the wooden box away. "Owemyr, be careful up there. Hate to hear you got yourself killed by Yrch" Owemyr nodded "Me too" "Farewell my boy" she said "Farewell" Owemyr said and he put the silk cloth into his robes and walked back to the exit of the settlement. He was almost out when he heard a loud holler "Oi!" Owemyr stopped and turned to see the man he usually ran into. "Hello Hemur" Hemur was a tall broad burly man, his blonde hair was long and greasy from not being washed and he had a great beard with red sprinkled throughout. His blue eyes were piercing, Owemyr owed the scar on his back to him. He stomped forward "We don't need the likes of you here" "I came in to get something and I'm leaving" "We don't want you coming in at all" Owemyr sighed "It's once a month" "Once a month is too much" "You don't have to talk to me, you're the one who always talks to me" "I see you walking around, a Bellower. Nothing but trouble" "I am leaving" Owemyr said Hemur nodded "Then get to it, I don't want to see you again" Owemyr backed away slowly, treating Hemur like an animal. He nodded "You won't see me" "Seven years" Hemur said Owemyr nodded "I have the scar to prove it" Hemur stared at him coldly as he left the settlement. Owemyr loved it when he had his quarrels with Hemur. Sadly he wasn't a lumbering idiot, he was smart. So Owemyr had to keep his word, at least till next month. Hemur often barked more than he bit. It was only one time that he actually got hurt, that as because he had been an idiot and provoked him. In other words, he was a kid and he was a kid. Just a bigger one. Owemyr got to the top of the hill and he turned to look down it. He saw the settlement, just a lonely patch of people living by themselves, relying on themselves. Just like he was, he turned back to his igloo and walked into it. He felt it become slightly warmer since he was out of the wind. Owemyr took off his gloves, he quickly pulled the blue silk cloth out and rubbed his fingers against it. He missed the feeling of Gondorian silk. Especially to who this belonged. He brought the silk to his nose and took a soft sniff. It smelled like lilacs and lavender. He wished he could see her, one last time. He pulled the silk away and put it back into his robes and he walked over to his bed and sat down. He reached over and grabbed a small wooden figure that was half carved. He grabbed the knife next to it and he began to continue carving. He passed the time like this, just carving. Not much else to do, he was going hunting on the morrow and he wanted to get some carving in before that happened. The sun had passed and it was beyond the land and the sky was dark. The stars seated high above. The snow giving off light and it glowed slightly. Owemyr was asleep, the wooden figure was carved, and it was a Gondorian soldier. The knife was sitting next to it and only the wind made noise tonight. Owemyr was back in the White City, the white stone, the horses, the young maidens. He was almost smiling from his dream when he heard a loud horn. His eyes shot open, for a moment he thought it was a horn of Gondor. He sat up and held his breath. The horn came again, he climbed out of his bed and grabbed his sword that was sitting next to his bed. He quickly tied it around his waist, he grabbed the knife next to the wooden figure and he put it in the scabbard on his other hip. He checked his lower back and he needed his other knife, his father's. Owemyr turned in the darkness and he found the glimmer, he grabbed it and put it into its scabbard. Owemyr walked over to the entrance and he slowly left the igloo. He looked down and he heard anther horn blast and he saw the settlement on fire. He inhaled and held his breath as he heard loud screaming and roars. Owemyr thought about gathering his things and leaving, but he couldn't run away. He ran away because of his father, he wasn't going to run away again. He put his hand on his sword and he unsheathed it. The sword sung as it came out to the cold air and he took a deep breath and ran down the hill. His boots slamming into the frozen snow, he stepped onto ice and he slid down the hill. He took quick breaths as he ran toward the ice towers. The guards were gone. He heard loud roaring and he got to the entrance. He slowed down and he slowly peered around the corner. He saw a large force of Yrch. He saw them burning down the market. Owemyr had to be lying to himself when he ran out and he heard the Yrch respond to seeing him. They charged and Owemyr had his sword ready and he dodged the first strike. He sidestepped the Yrch and he brought his sword along its gut and sliced into its dark flesh. The dark black eye widened and a loud shriek of pain left its black mouth. Owemyr parried the next attack, the sword rung as the metal clashed. He slid the blade along the dark iron and he drove the white steel through the Orch's chest. He exhaled and pulled it out and kicked the Orch to the ground. His heart