"I just got these and they're ruined," Emmett whined. His overpriced yuppie boots were covered in a layer of mud. I barely controlled a snicker behind my hand as I saw my best friend Alice roll her eyes. "I had no idea we'd be gallivanting through a swamp when I agreed to this," he continued to complain. This time I couldn't hold back and barked out a laugh. Emmett, the oversized lug, using the word gallivant was just too much. Everyone turned their attention towards me, including Alice's brother, Edward. We were all spread out in a semi-circle moving slowly through Forks' only pumpkin patch. It was a poor excuse and not nearly as festive and fun as you see in the movies, but beggars couldn't be choosers. I quickly lowered my eyes back to the rows of pumpkins at my feet. "Something funny, Swan?" Emmett asked. I ignored him. Usually, I would say something stupid back like, "Your face," but Edward has always been on my case about basically everything I do or say, so I've learned to censor myself when he's around. It's not like I couldn't stick up for myself or anything, but the boy intimidated the crap out of me, and I would rather just not deal with him. Trying to figure him out was futile. I was told he wouldn't be here, which is why I came, but I was lied to. OK, so I wasn't intentionally lied to. He just came along last second, but still. I fixated on my own feet and started to brush some vines out of my path with the toe of my boot. I almost jumped when I felt a weight land on my shoulders and a voice in my ear. "What's up with you, Swan? You're so quiet today. I was only messin'… I'm not mad that you laughed." I gave him a small smile and told him I knew that … I was just tired or something. "I'm glad Rose isn't here to see this," Edward said, making both Emmett and I immediately uncomfortable. "Jesus, Edward," Alice hissed as her boyfriend, Jasper, tried to look anywhere but at me or Edward. "What?" Edward replied in a tone of innocence. Like it was no big deal he just implied his best friend was a cheater and I was the other woman. Emmett removed his arm from my shoulders and started to crack his knuckles. "What the fuck is your deal, bro?" Emmett's easy going attitude was gone. I looked over at Edward. His stupid, perfect face was slightly obstructed from view by his baseball cap. A snug tee hugged every muscle in his upper body - a shirt you can tell he has worn with love for years. It was the same shirt I saw him in when we first met, and then I had fantasized about me wearing it, and only it, as we laid in bed together. Matched with sweatpants and a pair of old-as-hell Adidas sneakers, his whole ensemble screamed I just got out of bed and don ' t give a fuck about what I ' m wearing. I'll be damned if the fucker didn't look like a goddamn super model. He met my eyes and turned his hat backwards. "What?" He smirked and walked away. I didn't know what I did to earn Edward's contempt, but he rarely had a nice thing to say to me. He wasn't always so prickly. We were friendly when we first met. Then, all of a sudden, he was condescending, rude, arrogant, and sometimes downright mean to me. Alice was the first friend I made when I moved to Forks two years ago, and her being Edward's twin sister sometimes made things tense between us. It wasn't like I didn't try to break through Edward's icy glares and cutting words. There were even times when I bit back at him, and I could see a small smirk of approval, or even pride, crack on his face. It was almost as if he wanted to see how far he could push before I'd push back. Other times, though, it was if I didn't even exist. These times hurt the most, because no matter how hard I tried, I was a little in love with Edward Cullen. I was Bella Swan, daughter of Forks' Chief of Police, Charlie Swan, and self-proclaimed feminist for the social media ages, Renee Swan. I was not about being treated like shit, no matter how beautiful the guy. As soon as I'd get any of those tingly thoughts about Edward, I swallowed them down fast. He could hate me for whatever reason, but I wouldn't waste my time on him. That didn't mean I couldn't appreciate how he looked when he ran, or when he verbally annihilated a classmate in debate, or when he almost always had perfect grammar and spelling. Or when he wore his baseball cap backwards. "Ready to go, Bella? Everyone's getting back on," Alice called out from the hayride we rode in on. "Coming!" I yelled back, holding my small but perfectly round pumpkin. I started to climb up the stairs back on to the trailer as my foot caught and slipped, sending me sliding down a step or two. I felt hands on either sides of my waist gripping me tightly. "Jesus, Bella. The fuck?" If the bitter voice didn't give him away, his woodsy cologne would've. "So sorry to inconvenience you, your highness," I spat back as I climbed up and took a seat next to Alice. Edward chose the entire opposite side of the trailer to sit and brood. Every now and then during the ten minute ride back to the country store, I'd steal glances at him. His hat was turned forward again, but I knew he was looking, too. Glaring, probably, and I hoped it gave him wrinkles. I got off the trailer without incident, thankfully. Alice wanted to buy some farm-fresh eggs and overpriced organic vegetables inside the store, but I just wanted to nap. After paying for our pumpkins, I went and sat on the tailgate of Jasper's pickup, eating cookies and drinking antibiotic-filled milk that Alice said will kill me. "Got any more?" Edward asked. He looked straight, never turning his head to look at me. "I'm sorry. Are you talking to me? I couldn't tell, because you're facing that kid picking his nose over there. And why would you be, anyway, right? I am apparently a home wrecker now. And you have never asked me for anything in the two years I've known you. So why start now, huh? I mean, as far as you're concerned—" "Enough!' He cut me off, speaking loud enough to startle me. "Just forget it, Swan. For the record, I did ask you for something once, but it doesn't matter." He got up and walked away, again, before I could either scream at him or ask him to elaborate. Alice, Jasper, and Emmett walked out just in time, because I had my fill of this fucking farm. . . . "He ruined pumpkin picking, guys. I mean, who does that? Sorry, Al, but your brother is an asshole," I said between bites of delicious organic apple. I hitched a ride home with Alice and Jasper while Edward rode with Emmett. I didn't want to give anyone the wrong idea by riding Emmett alone. "I don't know how two people can share a womb for nine months and be such polar opposites." "Tell me something I don't know, Bella. I'm sorry he is like that towards you. I know I say that all the time, but really, I am. I wish I knew WHY he was like this. I mean, when you first moved to Forks, he was so damn smitten with you." Jasper chuckled. "Oh, man. He was full on "Heart eyes, motherfucker" for you, Bells. Sometimes I think…" He stopped himself, but that didn't stop Alice. "Sometimes you think…? What? What do you think, Jasper?" "Nothing. Just, sometimes I think he's still, ya know, smitten. But like, in a dumb-guy way. Like you know, be mean to the girl you like shit. Make her eat mud pies and put frogs in her hair." "He's 18, Jasper. I think he's a little too old for that schtick," I offered. "Besides, I think he's only smitten with Tanya these days." Tanya of the perfect body, skin and hair variety. Also, Tanya of the extremely friendly and charming variety. "Yeah, sure. I guess." "So, you'll be over after dinner tonight? I'll have everything set up! Carving pumpkins is my jam! I can't wait. Rose will be there by eight, the latest. I told her we'd wait." "Yes, Alice, I will be there by seven. I can't wait to tell Rose how I tried to steal her man today. It was the highlight of this little outing," I teased. "Just bring some of Renee's cookies, smile, and act like you're having a good time, OK, bitch?" "As you wish. Maybe you and Edward aren't so different after all." Jasper's laugh rang through the truck. . . . After I finished rinsing the pumpkin gut goo off my hands, I tried to dry them on one of the fancy bathroom guest towels, without making it look like I actually used it to dry my hands. I made my way out of the bathroom and ran smack-dab into a very angry Rosalie Hale. "I heard something today, Bel-la ," she said with a biting tone. "Uh," was my response. I liked Rose, but she could be very intimidating. Like a female version of Edward. Everything had been fine all night between us, so it was like she was biding her time…waiting for the attack. "Getting a little friendly with my boyfriend… does that help?" she mocked. OK, is this for real? "What the fu-" "Just kidding!" Rose cheered, and then she laughed her ass off. I slumped against the door frame. "Jesus, girl. I thought this became an episode of 90210." "9 oh what?" she asked. I just told her to never mind and walked off towards the living room where everyone else was located. Alice had laid out a bunch of newspapers and torn up paper bags on the floor so we could carve without making too much of a mess. Edward and Jasper were trying to pick up the scraps without spilling pumpkin guts all over Esme Cullen's glacier-colored carpet. Glacier was the color she told me it was, not something I came up with. Also, I want to point out, I suggested we do this in the kitchen where the floors are tiled, but Alice wanted it to be more comfortable and cozy. Esme is her mom, so if she wanted that crazy woman's wrath when Emmett dropped pumpkin goop on her settee, so be it. "Rose just asked me to join fight club, but I broke the first rule, sooo…" I said while sitting on the loveseat. Alice giggled, so I knew she and Rose planned that little bathroom ambush. "Wait, what does that even mean, Bella?" Emmett asked. "You know, the first rule of fight club is never talk-" "We know what the rules are, but what the hell are you talking about?" Edward interrupted. "Okay, I guess that was a bad joke. I meant Rose just tried to start a fight with me because someone told her I was hitting on her boyfriend." I cut my eyes to Alice and she started giggling again. "But I came out here and told you about fight club, thus talking about fight club." "Please stop talking, Bella," Edward said before he walked into the kitchen. I could not stand that boy. Rose walked into the room and sat on Em's lap. She was looking smug, so I stuck my tongue out at her. "Let's play truth or dare tonight," Alice suggested out of nowhere. "No," I said immediately.