A/N So this veered into something completely different than what i set out to write. A fun one shot about James and Lily looking after their boisterous grandkids. I fully expected to end it with Lily's return to the house, but James wouldn't let me go, and the story became about him, and his midlfe crisis. I guesstimate him to be in his mid to late fifties in this story. First time Ive written a story that hasn't been Harry/Ginny, but I love writing their kids. Many thanks to CharmHazel for her comments and advice, and her help with the correct spelling of hippogriph. Sirius, his crossword, and I thank you, Sarah. Lily Potter scooped up the now cool biscuits from their tray and placed them into her tin. Just as she was about to put the lid on, a familiar hand reached in to snag a couple. She lightly smacked it. "James, those are for the kids!" she scolded. "But there's plenty, and I just wanted one," whined James. "You know chocolate chip is my favourite." "If you only wanted one, why did you reach for three?" grinned Lily knowingly, "and chocolate chip is also our grandchildren's favourites, and they'll be here very soon!" Just as she said it, she heard her son coming through the front door, calling out to them. She turned to head towards him, but stopped, looking back at her husband. He gave her an innocent look – which didn't fool her for a second – then she banished the biscuit tin to the highest shelf in the kitchen. "Come on," she beckoned, and with a last glance at his lost biscuits, James followed her to the front lounge. "Grandpa!" James bent over to scoop both his grandsons into his arms. "James, Al, my boys!" he cried. The seven and five and a half year old laughed. Harry smiled to see his sons hug and kiss their grandpa, while he handed a giggling nearly three year old Lily Luna to his mother. "Hey Mum," he greeted, kissing her cheek. "Dad." He put down the backpack that Ginny had packed changes of clothes in for the kids. "Who wants to get up to some mischief?" James asked his grandsons. "Me, me," they both cried, and with a wink to his son, he took the boys back to the kitchen. "Me too, me too," cried Lily, wiggling to be set down. She toddled after them, dragging her stuffed unicorn with her. "Wait for me." "Bye," called Harry, looking crestfallen when nobody answered him. "Wow, suddenly I feel superflous. I was expecting tears, especially from Lil." "Oh, go on with you, they're just excited to be here. Go, grab Ginny and get out of here. Tell her we're very proud of her, being elected to the Women's Sporting Hall of Fame. It's nice that the ceremony is in Paris. We'll have a nice dinner for her when you return," smiled Lily. "Thanks again, Mum. Gin's just home finishing off her packing. Are you sure about -" "Yes, Harry, I wouldn't have offered otherwise," said Lily, urging him to the door. Harry looked back over his shoulder, eager for one last glance of his children. However, there was no sign of them. "Don't forget Lil needs a nap still...and don't go giving the boys too much sugar. You'll – " "Harry, it'll be fine, I have done this before, you know. Now go, you and Ginny can do with some alone time. Maybe get a start on grandbaby number four, unless there's something you want to tell me!" suggested Lily, slyly. Harry laughed. "You don't need to sell me on that, Mum, it's Ginny you need to talk to. But seriously, I'm really looking forward to getting away for the weekend, just her and me. Still..." He looked forlornly at the door where his children had just gone through. "Should I go say goodbye, you think?" Even now he could hear the shrieks of laughter. Lily shook her head. "I'll tell them for you, now go. Have a great time in Paris." Harry nodded, and with a last longing look, he left. Lily gave a sigh of satisfaction then walked back to the kitchen. She stared in astonishment. "James, what have you done?" Albus Sirius grinned down at her, as he was levitated up to the biscuit tin. "Look at me, Grandma, I'm getting biscuits." He reached in and pulled out a small handful. "I did it first," chimed in James Arthur, his mouth already full of biscuit. Lily already had chocolate smeared across her mouth and on her hands. She smiled up at her grandmother. "James!" scolded Lily. "What?" asked James and little James. They grinned at each other, then innocently looked back at Lily. James carefully levitated Albus down. He shared out the biscuits. "Now me?" asked Lily Luna, her arms outstretched. "No!" said Lily, with a sharp look at James. He shrugged. "You said they were for the kids," he said. "They were delicious," he added, hoping to get out of trouble. "Your best ever." "Delicious," agreed little James and Albus. Lily Luna nodded, her mouth still full of biscuit. Lily simply shook her head. "Seriously, James?" "Did someone mention my name?" Sirius stepped out of the floo in the kitchen. "I'm Albus Sirius-ly," grinned Albus. Sirius high fived his namesake. Lily Luna ran gleefully to her Uncle Sirius, and he picked her up. She placed her chocolate-y hands on either side of his face, and kissed him sloppily. "Unca Siri," she cheered. "Ugh, thanks Lil," said Sirius, feeling the stickiness on his cheeks. "Here, let me," said Lily, coming to his side. She took out her wand and did a simple Scourgify charm on Sirius' cheeks and Lily Luna's hands. "Clean as a whistle," she said. "Clean as a whistle," parroted Lily Luna. Sirius nuzzled her cheek, making her giggle again. "Why don't you and Sirius take the kids outside, let them run around for a bit," suggested Lily. Potter Manor sat on expansive grounds, with plenty of room for the kids to run, to fly, to play. "Yeah, let's go," cried little James. "Down to the pond," called Albus, right behind his brother. They were out the back door before James and Lily knew it. "Go on, shoo," urged Lily. "Shoo," repeated Lily Luna. She laughed in delight when Sirius flipped her upside down, following James out the door. "Gwandma, look at me." "James, Sirius, watch those children," called Lily, as she saw them stroll after the runaways. She sighed and shook her head. "Maybe I should have the children watch over the men," she said to herself. James and Albus had a huge headstart on them. "We'll never catch them on our two legs," grinned James. "Are you suggesting...?" Sirius looked at James, who arched an eyebrow, and nodded. Seconds later, a stag and a black dog stood in their place. Lily Luna clapped delightedly. "Pwongs," she said affectionately, patting him softly. He nuzzled against her hand. "Paddy," she said, throwing her arms around the dog, who lowered himself so she could climb on his back. She held on tight, used to Padfoot carrying her like this. Then away they went, bounding away to catch up with the two boys. "Aw, no fair," complained James, as they quickly caught up to him and Albus. He brightened up when Prongs came up next to him and allowed him and Albus to climb on his back. James held onto Prongs around his neck, and Albus held on to James. They bounded around, chasing each other, running between the trees. After ten minutes, Sirius and James collapsed in exhaustion, and transformed back. James fell on Sirius, and Albus and Lily fell on their grandpa. "Bring back Prongs and Paddy," they implored. "Prongs and Paddy need a time out," panted Sirius. Lily came over to him and crouched down. "Paddy been naughty?" she asked, for time out at home meant someone ( usually James) had been naughty. Sirius picked her up and held her airborne. "Paddy's a good boy, he's never naughty," he informed her. "He just needs a rest." Lily Luna giggled as he spun her around. "Why don't you kids run along for a bit," said James. "Okay, Grandpa," agreed James, and he and Albus ran off, with Lily Luna following them. Sirius and James looked at each other, still puffing and panting. "Merlin, we're not getting old...are we?" asked James, wiping the sweat from his forehead. Sirius looked affronted. "I happen to be in greatg shape, thank you very much. As for you, Grandpa, this is what happens when you settle down to domestic bliss. I warned you this would happen, the night before your wedding. Hey, maybe I'm a seer," chuckled Sirius. James nudged his best friend – his brother in all but blood – "Like you wouldn't give anything to have what I have. A gorgeous wife, a great son, who married a wonderful girl who has given us the best grandchildren in the world!" he scoffed. Sirius sat up, his arms leaning on his crossed legs as he watched the kids run further away. "Yeah...actually, I would," he admitted, somewhat sadly. "If this is getting old, then bring it on," boasted James. "Er, James," started Sirius, before James interrupted. "I mean, what's the alternative? A life without Lily?" asked James, rhetorically. Sirius got to his feet. "James, I -" "It just doesn't bear thinking about. Not seeing our son grow, go to Hogwarts, marry-" "JAMES?" yelled Sirius. James looked up. "What?" he asked. Sirius pointed...to nothing. "The kids?" James looked out. "Where are they?" He stood quickly. Sirius nodded, already taking off in a jog. "Exactly!"' James paled and caught up with Sirius. "I can't tell Lily I lost them after only half an hour, she'll kill me...and you, then me again!" "Ah, domestic bliss!" taunted Sirius, as they now broke into a run. "Not to mention telling your son and daughter-in-law you lost them. Hmm, I haven't seen Ginny's Bat Bogey hex in awhile. Not since Neville's bachelor party, when Harry – " James gulped. "Shut up and run faster, you old dog!" He ran faster, dodging trees and bushes. Sirius barked in laughter, and followed James to the pond, ,where they heard the sound of splashing. "Gwampa, look at me, I'm a mermaid!" called out Lily Luna. "Thank Merlin," sighed James, as she waved to him from the pond. "Whew, that was close!" "Er, James, I'm pretty sure Lil wouldn't like the kids swimming in the pond," suggested Sirius. "Can little Lil even swim? And where's the boys?" "Harry and Ginny have been teaching her at the Burrow, and – holey underpants, James!" cried James With a yell that even Tarzan would be proud of, James swung out of the tree on an old tyre, attached to a rope on a large branch. When he swung over the water, he let go, making a big splash. "That's new," noted Sirius. "Put it up a week ago," nodded James proudly. "Arthur and I are talking about building them a tree house." They watched on as Albus copied his older brother, making a smaller splash in the water. James had swum to Lily and was swimming with her on his back. "All right, time to get out," called James, deciding to take charge of the situation. "Aw Grandpa, five more minutes," pleaded little James. "Come on, Grandpa," coaxed Albus. Lily Luna defiantly shook her head. "No! I'm still mermaid Lily, Gwampa, I'm not weal Lily yet." Sirius snorted. James ignored him, as he got closer to the edge of the pond. "Sorry, but you have to get out now. Mermaid Lily needs to find her legs, or Grandma Lily will have Grandpa's head...on a platter." He looked on approvingly as little James and Albus came out of the water, and began to shiver. Sirius did a drying spell on them, then