Yes, it's another fanfiction based on artwork and posts by blvnk-art on tumblr. I'll credit her as coauthor, as her artwork has dialogue which I have used, and she has also posted her personal headcanon in detail on Harry and Ginny's first time. Please check out her amazing artwork, she also has a blvnk-nsfw page. Bianca, this one is for you. Harry lay breathing heavily, looking up at the ceiling. He'd woken from a nightmare, of Bellatrix firing the killing curse at Ginny. It was one he was familiar with, having had it several times since the end of the battle. But as spring blossomed into summer, and with the support of the Weasleys, Hermione and his many friends, the nightmares were starting to fade and life was slowly returning to some sort of normal. As he breathed in and out to get his breathing settled, his thoughts turned to Ginny. There hadn't been any grand reunion between them, but the day after the battle he had come across her in the Gryffindor common room, looking out the window. She had turned as he came towards her, smiling sadly. He took note of the cuts and bruises over her uncovered body, but like him, suspected most of the hurt she had been through would never show. She looked him over, taking stock of him, too. He was glad he had showered and put fresh clothes on. Finding her there, and alone, had been a bonus. He came to her and for seconds they simply stared at each other. Then he stepped forward and, hoping she wouldn't hex him for being so forward, he hugged her. " I'm sorry," he murmured softly. " I'm so sorry." She slipped her arms around his waist and leaned her head on his shoulder. "I'm sorry, too," she replied, equally softly. Neither said what they were sorry for but they understood each other perfectly. Sorry for leaving, sorry for what you've been through this past year, sorry for the loss of your brother, your friends. Sorry I wasn't there for you when you needed me most. They were interrupted by Ron and Hermione after that, and there wasn't time to talk alone again for awhile. But in the coming days and weeks, it was Ginny who stood strong and silent by Harry's side as he tried to attend as many funerals as he could. Likewise, it was Harry who held Ginny as they buried her brother. With Ron and Hermione off to Australia to find her parents, it gave Harry and Ginny a chance to reconnect. Sometimes it was finding a quiet spot at the Burrow to talk, sometimes it was laughing (or crying) over baby Teddy. Sometimes it was just a fly at the Burrow's pitch. It helped both of them, but that was when Harry's recurring nightmares seemed to focus on that moment with Bellatrix. He must have cried out the first time, for Ginny had come in and held his shaking body. As his breathing returned to normal, he was suddenly aware that he only had on boxer shorts, and funnily enough, so did Ginny, along with a very old faded Chudley Cannon's tee shirt that kept falling off her shoulder. 'Don't think of Ron, don't think of Ron', he thought to himself, as Ginny drew his head to her chest and ran her fingers through his hair. Suddenly, Ron was the last person on his mind. With her by his side he was able to fall asleep again, but when he woke, she was gone. Thinking about that moment now made Harry need to shift in his bed, all thoughts of Bellatrix now gone. Now, all he could think of was how close he and Ginny had become since that night, and how tomorrow, well, actually later this morning, she would be leaving him to return to Hogwarts for her last year. He glanced at the clock. It was close to three am. He wondered if she was asleep, then cursed himself. Of course she was asleep. Perhaps if he just got a glimpse of her, assured himself that all was well, he could return to bed and sleep easier. Quietly he rolled out of bed. In case he ran into any other Weasleys wandering the halls in the early hours of the morning, he grabbed his black tee shirt and put it on as he left the bedroom he was using. He still wasn't sure if it had been Bill's or Charlie's. He quietly made his way to Ginny's bedroom. He went to knock, then smiled at his silliness. Just as he went to reach for the door handle, the door opened and Ginny stepped out, leaning against the door frame. She crossed her arms over her chest. "Hey," she said softly. "Hey," he replied. " I just wanted to see if you needed something ...anything." She looked at him but said nothing. "You know, before leaving tomorrow," he felt he needed to add. He stepped closer. "I'm fine, thanks," she said, noting the shadows under his eyes. "You're not." He shrugged. "I actually just wanted to see if you were okay," he confessed, moving closer still. He was close enough that she could and did, slip her arms around his waist. Their faces were centimetres apart. " Do you need something?" she asked, amused. "Can we talk?" he asked. About them, their future, their plans. "Sure," agreed Ginny, licking her lips. She took him by the hand and led him into her bedroom. " Shut the door, won't you?" As he turned to shut it, he didn't see her use her wand to cast a Silencing and Locking charm on it. She came over to him, making him nervous. How could he tell her his feelings when she looked at him like that? " So, I was thinking...wondering, sort of...what are you doing?" he asked her, holding his arms up as she lifted the tee shirt over his head, making his hair stand on end, as she flung it away. " I don't know, what are you doing?" she teased, the balls of her fingers dancing lightly over his skin, leaving little bits of electricity behind. " Well, I was wondering...thinking, sort of...," he repeated. " Hmm, so you said," murmured Ginny, planting little kisses against his skin. Her busy fingers began to stroke along the band of his boxers, which were straining against her. "Merlin, Ginny," he gasped, unable to hold back any longer. He cupped her face in his hands and kissed her, desperate for her to know how much he was going to miss her, how much she meant to him. " Harry," she gasped, rubbing against him. Her eyes were blazing as she looked at him. " Please. I want to...I want us to make love before I leave tomorrow." He couldn't deny he wanted it too. He ached to be as close as he could to her, especially tonight. " Yes," he breathed. She pulled him to her bed, quickly removing her top and shorts. She lay down, completely naked, waiting expectantly. Harry really wanted to take a moment to look, to see the wonders that, until now, for the most part, had been under layers of clothing. But seeing her looking at him like that, he needed skin to skin contact as quickly as he could. He took his glasses off. He shoved his boxers down, toeing them off and kicking them away. He hesitated for a brief second and she, sensing his hesitation, reached out a hand to him. " Harry," she beseeched. He took her hand and lay over her, careful not to put his full weight on her; she was so damn tiny, but strong. She had freckles everywhere! He looked his fill until she wrapped those small hands around him, then he only had one thought. She shifted, allowing him to slip between her legs. " Harry, please," she whispered. He kissed her, stifling her gasp as he slid into her. " Oh," she gasped, as her body adjusted to his entry. It was nothing he could describe, apart from bliss. He came to her barrier, and stopped, but she raked her nails into his arse. " Do it," she urged, licking his chest. Growling as softly as he dared, he thrust through. " Fuck," he sighed, and began moving instinctively. He couldn't help himself, he moved in and out of her warmth and wetness. His body felt a separate part of his brain, although he recognised his lower body was ready to burst. Suddenly realising what was about to happen, he kissed her. His release exploded out of him and he couldn't stop thrusting, even if he had a wand held to his head. He scrunched his eyes shut, seeing fireworks behind them. Ginny's eyes were closed too and she was breathing heavily. "Aaaahhhh," he groaned softly into her shoulder as he finished. He felt amazing, yet weary. "Wowwwww," he sighed happily. Ginny giggled. "Nice hair," she said softly, cupping his cheek. He leaned down to kiss her again. " Nice talk," he grinned, then held his breath as he eased out of her body. Ginny winced, but reached up to kiss him as he opened his mouth to apologise. " Don't you dare," she said. He grinned like a fool, at how well she knew him. " But what about you...I mean, you didn't...you know?" Ginny stretched like a satisfied cat. " Harry, it's fine. We just need to practice, that's all." She giggled. "You mean, practice will make us perfect," teased Harry, yawning. It was close to four in the morning, and he supposed he should return to his room. Again, as if reading his mind, Ginny cuddled to his side. " You're not going anywhere tonight, Harry," she said, throwing a slender leg over his. "But what about your mum, your dad, your brothers?" he asked, although he knew he didn't want to leave. He stroked her back, making her shiver. "We'll just have to make sure we wake before everyone else, yeah? Now kiss me goodnight and go to sleep," she told him. "Yes, dear," he quipped, then yelped when she pinched his side. "Ssshhh," she laughed softly. He cupped her cheek and turned her face to him. He kissed her gently. "Good night," he said gently. She settled against his side. He looked up at the ceiling in her room, feeling ridiculously happy. He tightened his hold on her, but she grumbled and rolled away slightly, then nestled back against him. Her soft snores soothed him into his own sleep. Old habits woke him early, as did the sense that someone was watching him. Sensing no danger, he opened an eye, then another. A red and black blur moved closer, and settled his glasses on his face, then sat back. "Good morning," she said. "You probably should go, everyone will start waking up soon." "Yeah, I guess," he said. He got out of bed and looked for his clothes. He looked back at her; she was wearing his shirt. " I sort of need my shirt back, you know." She was kneeling on the bed, watching him. " No problem," she said, and before his eyes, she took it off and threw it at him. It landed on his face, convering half of it. He barely noticed, for Ginny was now kneeling on the bed, completely naked. She smirked at the dazed look on his face. "Aren't you going to say thank you?" "Thanks," he said, then ripped the tee shirt off his face and leapt back onto the bed. Ginny squealed with laughter until he covered her mouth with his own. Her laughter turned to moans as she felt his body react. They rolled around, caressing and kissing until Ginny rolled over on top of him. He grasped her hips. "Oh my," she groaned, sliding down onto him. "Yes!" She leaned forward,