Hermione looked around the vast roon at the Ministry of Magic, smiling politely at yet another visiting dignitary from another country. The ' Christmas in July' ball, implemented by Hermione in her second year as Minister, had become an instant success. She invited all important heads to this celebration so she could curtail any travel during the actual Yule season. The time between Christmas and New Year was reserved purely for her family, although she knew she could called in at any time if there were an emergency. Her assistant whispered to her the name of the next person in line, waiting to greet her. Never had Hermione been more grateful for her own photographic memory, which had come in very handy on many ocassions, such as these. "Minister for Magic, Australia – Mr Barry Summers and his wife, Sheila," announced the master of ceremonies. Hermione greeted them warmly. Barry had been new to the position when she'd first met him, many years earlier, when she had gone to Australia to find her parents. Barry had offered invaluable help, and on a night like this, it was always good to see old friends and allies. " Barry, Sheila, so lovely to see you again. How are Shane and Olivia?" she asked warmly. Barry bowed his head in respect and then grasped her hand. " Thank you, Hermione, it's lovely to visit England during your summer. The children are doing very well, thank you for asking. And Ron, is he here tonight?" Ron had accompanied her on her trek to find her parents. Hermione smiled fondly at the mention of her husband. " Sadly no, he'll be sorry to have missed seeing you. Unfortunately, both Rose and Hugo are ill at the moment, so he stayed home to look after them," she explained. " Harry and Ginny are here, though." She longed to be home with Ron and the kids right now, but she knew she'd be at the ball for another two hours, at least. The kids would probably be asleep now, dosed up with Pepper-up potion and some of Molly's chicken soup, no doubt. Ron would be laying on the sofa, feet up on the coffee table, although she'd told him many times not to. He'd be listening to the Quidditch match; she was sure the Cannons were playing tonight. He was probably tucking into something delicious, he had turned out to be quite the cook. Funny how both he and Harry liked to do the cooking for their families. Ron would try to stay awake, waiting for her to come home. More than likely, he would be snoring loudly as she came through the Floo. He'd ask her about her night as he ushered her into their bed, before falling asleep as she started telling him. She didn't blame him, he'd been nothing but a brilliant, supportive husband and father. He'd never cared for Ministry politics but had seen the Auror training through while working with George. They'd married after Hermione's first promotion at the DRCMC, and Ron had completed his Auror training. She'd taken a full month off work, the longest she'd had for holidays apart from her maternity leave. She'd explained to Ron she wanted to wait three years at least before they started a family, and he seemed fine with that. With her blessing, he quit the Aurors and went to work with George full time. However, the birth of their godson, James Sirius, had woken strong paternal feelings in Ron. Hermione had never seen Harry so happy with the birth of his son, and to her surprise, Ron too. He visited his sister and best friend often, and was disheartened if he found James Sirius asleep. He'd then settled in for a long visit, staying to see his nephew and godson waken. Harry delighted to see his best friend so enraptured with his son, and Ron began to remind Hermione that it was coming up to their three year mark. By now, Hermione was contemplating a change of career but found herself pregnant instead. To her delight, Ginny announced she was pregnant again too. It was probably the only time Hermione put herself before her career, as she embraced this new facet of her life. Ron was so excited and treated Hermione like a queen. He fussed if she worked too long, even at home. He was the one who prepared the nursery for their child, declining all offers of help except from his own father. He learned to cook and asked his mother for child rearing advice. Hermione didn't agree with some of it, but decided to let it go for now. She had her own ideals of how she wanted to raise her and Ron's child, and nobody, not her own mother or Molly Weasley was going to tell her differently. Ron had cried unashamedly at Rose's birth, and she had fallen in love with him all over again. There was something about seeing the man you love holding and rocking your baby that melted your heart. Still, after six months, Hermione knew she was ready to go back to work. To her surprise, Ron knew it too, and it was he that came up with the suggestion of going part-time with George while she went back to work full-time. It was all that she could possibly want, the best of both worlds really. She wanted to be an inspiration for her daughter, and her many nieces. There were now many more witches in prominent postions at the Ministry, especially since Kingsley took over. She was close to finishing her lawyer exams when she gave birth to Hugo, and returned to her new position four months after his birth. Ron was ecstatic with his son, born on the same day as a rare Chudley Cannons victory. Ron proclaimed it a good sign, and was sure his son's birth heralded a new successful era for the Cannons. Sadly, the Cannons lack of success continued, but Hugo grew to be as optimistic as his father for their future chances. Hermione was happy that their children were close with their cousins, particularly the Potter children. Albus and Rose were born only a month apart, and Hugo was close with both Lily and Lucy; the three youngest sticking together. A discreet cough from her assistant reminded Hermione that there were still more important people waiting to meet her. Luckily, Barry and Sheila smiled in understanding, and moved on. Hermione really did miss Ron when he couldn't accompany her to these functions. She knew they weren't his favourite thing to do, but he was amazingly supportive, and now the children were older, they liked to attend, too. Rose liked seeing the delegates and dignitaries, some who had come in their native homeland dress. Hugo liked to ask the visitors about their Quidditch teams. She was proud of both her children and hoped they were proud of her. How far she'd come, from the bright eyed Muggleborn starting at Hogwarts. She'd made the hard decision not to accept Kingsley's offer to start at the Ministry straight after the battle, as Ron and Harry had done. Instead she returned to Hogwarts, needing the familiarity of her beloved school. After achieving the most NEWTS by any student, she'd accepted a position with the Department for the Regulation and Control of Magical Creatures, where she'd made a name for herself, promoting the needs of the under appreciated, and those that couldn't speak for themselves. When she'd achieved all she felt she could do there, she set herself a new challenge, and found herself working in Harry's department, the Department of Magical Law Enforcement. Speaking of Harry, Hermione noted he and Ginny chatting with some of his work colleagues. Harry looked bored and uncomfortable, his usual look at these kind of do's. She could already see the signs that he was getting ansty and ready to leave. He ran his hand up and down Ginny's back, fiddling with the zipper on her deep red dress. The red should have clashed terribly with her hair, but surprisingly didn't, instead complimenting it. Ginny and Hermione had gone shopping for dresses just the day before, and Hermione wondered if her friend was wearing the red lingerie she had also purchased. The Potters seemed to have found a perfect balance between Harry's demanding job, Ginny's work as a reporter, the kids and spending time as a couple. James, their firstborn, had just finished his second year at Hogwarts, and his brother Albus, and Hermione's own Rose, would be joining him come September. She and Ron hadn't found it so easy, but then again, Hermione's new position was even more demanding than Harry's. As she watched on, Hermione watched as Ginny placed her around Harry's waist and soothe him as they finished talking. She then saw Ginny lead Harry begrudgingly onto the dance floor. She knew it was a deliberate ploy of Ginny's, who had come up with several scenarios to make Harry tolerate the functions they supposedly had to attend. Firstly, they arrived as early as possible to help Hermione greet the eager first comers. Then they'd search out family and friends, which would ease Harry's discomfort at being on display. Then they'd circulate a bit more, chatting with Ministry colleagues. Then, as they were doing now, they'd be photographed on the dance floor, for a photo of Harry and Ginny Potter would be sure to make it into the next day's newspaper, if not the front page. If anything, it would make Lily Luna happy to see her mum and dad in the paper. By dancing, or in Harry's case, holding Ginny and swaying, they were ensured maximum exposure. Hermione knew they would probably leave soon after. A glance at the clock showed Harry and Ginny had been here over three hours, so yes, they would be due to leave anytime soon, while she would be likely to still be at the Ministry for another three hours. Sure enough, as the dance came to an end, Ginny took Harry's hand and they left the dance floor, nodding their goodbyes to friends and colleagues. Hermione didn't mind that they hadn't farewelled her, or that she wasn't able to dance with her old friend. She learned early in her powerful postion that there were eyes and ears everywhere. They may have accepted her bid to become Minister for Magic, with Kingsley's backing, but it didn't mean they weren't waiting for her to fail. It had been a full family discussion when it came to making her bid. She and Ron had already talked about it, a similar conversation they'd had after she'd had Rose. She loved her daughter but she simply wanted more . Ron had been amazingly supportive, as had George, who had allowed Ron to work part-time at WWW, so he could be the main caregiver for Rose, and later Hugo. Molly and Arthur were also a huge help, and with the Potter kids being so close with theirs, Ginny never minded having her niece and nephew over often. She had missed many of her children's milestones, but Ron wouldn't let her feel guilty. He gifted her vials of memories, of first steps, first words and more. He reminded her that quality meant more than quantity. But becoming Minister for Magic was so much more than she had expected. She had been so excited to introduce new plans and schemes to the wizarding world, and banishing some of the old fashioned customs that served no actual purpose. Luckily, Kingsley had stayed on to help her for the first year, to ensure an easy transition. He showed her the people that would be able to help her, those that would appear to help her, as long as everyone knew about it or for their own gain, and those that promised to help, but had no actual intention of doing so. It was at times very frustrating,