The Burrow was a hive of activity as all that were present were helping to get the family home ready for yet another wedding. Those not actively involved in the actual ceremony were helping to raise and secure the huge marquee that was being erected. For Fleur and Bill, it was a touch nostalgic, as they thought back to their own wedding, many years ago. Fleur refused to think of it as a disaster, due to the upheavel with the arrival of Death Eaters, causing Harry, Hermione and Ron to flee. No, she chose to focus on her feelings as she walked down the aisle towards Bill, towards her future. The expression on Bill's face when she said her vows, and they were pronounced husband and wife. Their first kiss, first dance, first everything as a married couple. And she wanted her daughter, Victoire, to have those wonderful memories too. Arthur was instructing George, Ron, Percy and Lee Jordan on raising the marquee. Neville was expected along soon, so he could see how many flowers he would need to decorate. Lee was providing the music, so had offered to help set up. Freddie and Hugo were hanging around them, keen to help too. "Ahem." Teddy's eyes were drawn back to Hermione, officiating as the celebrant. "As I was saying," she chastised. "Sorry, Aunt Hermione," said Teddy, "go on." He tried hard to pay attention, but something had been niggling him all day. Something that just wasn't right. "So Teddy, you will escort your Gran down the aisle, and come and stand beside me, there," instructed Hermione, pointing. "Louis, you'll escort your mum to her seat, then return to the house. Harry, you'll escort Ginny and stand next to Teddy, as best man. James, you'll escort Dominique and Roxeanne and girls, you'll stand there," said Hermione, turning to the maid of honor and bridesmaids. "Al, you'll escort Molly and Rose, then you girls will stand behind Dominique and Roxeanne. Al, you'll stand behind James." "Louis, you'll escort Lucy and Lily, and -" "It's okay, aunt Hermione, I think we get it," said Louis. "Girls, there, me, there," he pointed. Hermione nodded. "Exactly. Then, when Vic's ready, Lee will play the wedding march, and everyone will stand. She and Bill will come down the aisle. Teddy, when she arrives here, you step down. Bill will place her hand in yours and you will lead her to the dais – here," she pointed. Bill and Teddy nodded. Victoire bit her lip nervously. "Vic, you'll hand your bouquet to your sister, the turn back and face Teddy. You'll take each other's hands..." She prompted, and they quickly followed her instructions. Hermione smiled in satisfaction. "Good. We'll begin by welcoming your guests, which will give you some time to calm down. Then we'll move on to..." Teddy zoned out. Turned out there really wasn't much to do, judging by the amount of times Hermione had to speak to the guys. He looked over to see his Gran wiping a tear away. He smiled at that; this was just the rehearsal. He knew Grandma Weasley was in the house, cooking up a feast for tonight and baking his favourite treacle tart for tomorrow. The aunts were inside cleaning the house under her eagle eyes. All except Ginny, who was at the Daily Prophet office, finishing her report on the latest match, to free her up for tomorrow. He felt a nudge in his back from Harry, and he looked up to see Hermione looking at him pointedly, while Vic just looked disappointed. "Sorry, er, what?" "This is the part where you say your vows to each other," said Hermione. "I've done mine," Teddy assured her, hurriedly. "Harry has already got them." He turned to his best man, who nodded and patted his chest pocket. Victoire looked pleased at that. "Right. After the vows we move on to the exchanging of the rings. I will have no nonsense about losing them, is that clear, Harry, James?" she said, setting her gaze on her godson. "Who, me?" asked James, innocently. Everyone chuckled. "Once the rings are on, I will then ask you to turn to your guests and I will pronounce you husband and wife. You can then head back down the aisle, with your attendants partnering up. Harry with Domi, James with – " "We get it," chorused the next generation. In two's and threes they walked down the aisle, to Hermione's satisfaction. "Good. Now, the reception," said Hermione, checking her wedding planner. They all groaned. Hermione chose to ignore them. "Now, after the photos, you will all go the house. Ladies, it's a good time to freshen your make-up. Once all the guests are settled, Lee will begin to introduce you. In reverse. So Louis, you'll escort Lucy and Lily to their seats, then go sit in yours. Then - " "Al with Molly and Rose, James with Roxi and Harry with Domi," they all chanted. "Exactly," nodded Hermione in approval. She turned to Teddy and Victoire, "Then Lee will ask the guests to be upstanding and he'll announce Mr and Mrs Lupin. You'll then enter and come to sit in the middle of the bridal table. Teddy, make sure you seat your bride." Teddy scowled. "I know that, Aunt Hermione," he snapped. Hermione shot him a surprised look. "Erm, okay. Lee will make a speech, letting people know the order of the evening, then we'll start serving. We have borrowed house elves from Hogwarts, so the meals will be out straight away." Harry eyed Teddy. He seemed to be getting frustrated. "Everything okay?" He leaned in to whisper, risking the wrath of Hermione for not paying attention. Teddy shrugged and nodded. Harry stepped back, winking in reassurance to Victoire. She eyed her fiance worriedly but turned back to listen to Hermione. "- cut the cake, and everyone will want to take photos, so that will take some time. After that, Lee will announce the wedding dance. Teddy, you'll take Vic. Half way through, Harry and Dominique will join you, as will the rest of the wedding party," instructed Hermione. "The second dance will be one for the bride and groom and the parents. Or, grandparents," amended Hermione, nodding to Andromeda. Harry noticed Teddy's fists clench, and his hair changed colour from Weasley red to Potter black. Unless he was hanging out with the Potter men, this wasn't a good sign. "After that, the floor will be opened up to anyone wanting to dance," said Hermione, " and that's really the end of the official wedding duties." Just then, a burst of music blared out. Victoire's face lit up. "Oh, I love this song. Dad, remember?" Bill listened for a bit, then smiled lovingly at his daughter. "I remember, sweetheart," he said. "Lee, we'll do the second dance to that," called Victoire. Lee gave her the thumbs up and continued doing his sound check. Victoire turned back to Teddy. "That's all right, isn't it, Teddy?" she asked hopefully. The song had brought back a faint memory and Teddy was trying to dredge it up. "Fine," he said curtly. Truthfully, he was getting a headache from all the wedding hoopla. Victoire's face fell, and Bill shot Teddy a concerned look. "Ted, is everything all right?" he asked. Teddy drew in a sharp breath. "Sorry, bit of a headache, is all," he said. He didn't want to let Vic down. "Sorry, love," he said, smiling at his fiancee. She went into his arms. "It's fine. Maybe we could take a break," she suggested. Teddy nodded gratefully, and the wedding party dispersed. Victoire squeezed Teddy's hand and they started to walk off. "Don't forget to take a time table with you when you leave. It's colour coded and laminated, so you know exactly where you need to be tomorrow, and when. Pink for girls, blue for boys," called out Hermione, waving one in the air. "And yellow for Hippogryphs, and green for half giants," teased Freddie. Rose glared at him, while Louis and Hugo laughed. "Victoire, come see ze flowers zat Neville has brought. He needs your selections, ma fille," called Fleur. Victoire sighed and looked up at Teddy. "Go," he said softly. "I know how important these little touches are. I'll be fine, just need some peace and quiet," he said. Victoire snorted indelicately. "Then you are marrying into the wrong family, mon amour," she chuckled, kissing him lightly and walking away. Teddy walked away and found an old car near Grandpa Arthur's shed to sit on. He watched the proceedings from afar, offering no input. "Hey." Teddy looked around to see Harry standing next to the car. "Hey," replied Teddy. He patted the space next to him. "Pull up some bonnet," he offered. Harry climbed up and sat next to Teddy. They watched as Neville showed how he could hide the marquee poles with flowers and lights, and Vic and Fleur were impressed. They watched as Molly and Hermione instructed the men as to where they wanted the tables, and where they'd have the dance floor, disagreeing slightly at times. There was a table for gifts and a table for the wedding cake. Once again, Lee checked the sound and Teddy heard the song again. He cursed. "What is it?" asked Harry, worriedly. Teddy's silence was never good. Like Harry, he was a brooder. "Where do I know this damn song from?" he asked in frustration. Harry listened, and agreed it was somewhat familiar. "Sorry, Ted, no idea." Victoire came over and pulled him away for some alone time while everyone was getting ready for the dinner Molly had prepared. Neville and Lee were coaxed into joining them. Ginny had owled that she was running behind and that she would see them at the Potter home, where Teddy was spending the night. Teddy was quiet during the meal, and barely acknowledged any teasing that James, Al and Freddie threw his way. Harry watched him constantly, and even Andromeda became aware that all was not well with him. Harry saw Andromeda home, promising to keep an eye on Teddy. He assured her that Ginny would Floo over to take her to the Burrow to prepare for the big day. Then he Flooed back to the Burrow, only to find Teddy had already left. "Uncle Harry," said Victoire softly, as he hugged her goodbye. "Teddy, he's not right. Something's wrong." "I noticed he was a bit quiet, but I'm sure it's just nerves, sweetheart," assured Harry. Victoire shook her head. "No, it's more than that. You don't think...he's changed his mind?" she asked hesitantly; almost fearfully. "No," said Harry, instantly. He kissed her forehead. "I'll find him and talk to him. Don't you worry about a thing." "Come on, Vic, we need to pack your bag for your honeymoon," teased Dominique, dangling some lingerie out of Ginny's old bedroom window. Her cousins leaned out too, dangling handcuffs and a whip. "Go on, enjoy your last night as a single woman," urged Harry to Victoire. She nodded and kissed his cheek before heading inside. Harry looked back up to the window. "Lily, those had better not be my regulation Auror handcuffs," he hollered. "Well, what were they doing in your bedroom, Dad," taunted Lily, and her cousins hooted. Harry was sure he heard them say something about Ginny being a true Harpy, but he just shook his head and left the girls to their shenanigans. He Flooed home, after yet again checking tomorrow's schedule with Hermione, Fleur and Molly. He even took a laminated copy home for Ginny, although he was sure she wouldn't even glance at it. James and Al were home, sprawled over the lounge, with James throwing popcorn for Al to catch in his mouth. "Where's Ted?" asked Harry, taking off his jacket. James shrugged. "Thought he was with you. Score!" he yelled in triumph when Al caught it. "Now my turn," he said, and Al started