A/N Couldn't have written this without my number one CC consultant, CharmHazel. There's nothing she doesnt know about CC ( hell, she's seen the play seven times!) Her feedback is always spot on too, as our thoughts on Hinny characterisations run pretty similar. She's also a wonderful Hinny author in her own right, so do yourself a favour and check out her stories. Thanks so much, Sarah! ( even if you wouldn't pat Jamie's bum for me ;) ) " Gin?" called Harry, walking into the kitchen. " Is Albus home yet?" He watched as Ginny stuffed the chicken they were having for dinner, then seasoned it. It was the first dinner the family would all be together since Christmas Day at the Burrow. Albus had been invited to spend Boxing Day and the next four days at Malfoy Manor and was due home today. Naturally Harry and Ginny had given their blessings for their son to spend time with his best friend, after all they, the Malfoys and Ron and Hermione had just been through, and with the festive season, it was a time to strengthen friendships. " Harry, this is the second time you've asked me this morning, and it's only ten thirty," said an exasperated Ginny. " Nothing has changed, he'll be home after lunch. Now shoo, out of my kitchen," she said, gesturing. " Whose kitchen?" muttered Harry, scowling at being shooed off like a little boy. He actually did the majority of the cooking these days, unless Ginny had a sudden fancy, as she had done so today. " The Boy Who Lived, shooed out of his own kitchen," mocked James, as he and Lily walked past. " Someone alert the Daily Prophet," giggled Lily, following James to the fireplace. " Hey, where are you two going?" asked Harry, realising he was now at a loose end. " We're going to the Burrow for a fly," replied James, taking a handful of Floo powder. " Want some company?" asked Harry, suddenly itching to be in the air. They paused, looking at each other in silent discussion, then back at their dad. " Well, we did ask Rosie and Hugo to meet us, but they're going to the Grangers for lunch," said James, slowly. He looked at his sister. " Lil, what do you reckon? Want to help me embarrass the old man?" Harry beamed at the good natured teasing as Lily snickered and nodded. " Gin," he called out, "I'm going flying with the kids at the Burrow." Ginny's response came immediately. " Thank Merlin...no wait, you stay here and finish dinner and I'll go flying," she amended. She waited. " Harry?" But Harry had quickly ushered James and Lily into the Floo, knowing exactly what Ginny's reply would be. After all, you weren't married for nearly twenty years without knowing your partner. "Sorry love, can't hear you, going now, love you," he called, quickly throwing the powder down and calling out, " The Burrow." He stumbled out into the Burrow kitchen, and immediately heard his son and daughter make kissy noises, chuckling. " Well hello, Potters," greeted Arthur, "going for a fly? Are Albus and Ginny coming along, too?" Lily hugged her grandfather. " Mum's got a sudden urge to feed us and Al's still at Malfoy Manor, so Dad's stuck with us two," she informed him. " Hey," protested Harry. " We took pity on Mum, what with Dad pining for Al and all, and got him out of her hair," quipped James. " I wasn't in her hair," denied Harry, " I merely asked her twice if Albus had returned yet. Twice! " " Aah, the Prodigal Son," soothed James, heading for the back door. " Coming, Lil?" " It's not like that," blanched Harry, then smiled weakly at Arthur. " It's not like that," he insisted to his father-in-law. He left, hurrying to follow after his kids. He smiled as he watched them together, ahead on the path. They laughed and nudged each other playfully, then James slung an arm over Lily's shoulders as they talked. They stayed like that till they arrived at the broomshed. Harry met up with them as they were coming out, each with a broom for themselves and James carrying Harry's preferred broom. Ginny's old Harpy's playing broom, still in good nick. " Come on, Dad, run some drills with us," urged Lily, hurrying down to the pitch. "Help us get Gryffindor over the line in the House Cup this year." She deftly and gracefully flew up into the sky, reminding Harry of Ginny, after watching her so many times. " Need a boost, old man?" asked James, cheekily. " Eat my dust, Captain," quipped Harry, mounting his broom too quickly, and shakily flying up to Lily, before finding his usual rythym, with James' laughter ringing behind him. " That's Captain Potter, to you," he called, as he flew up to join them. He had been named Gryffindor Quidditch captain last September when the letters arrived, following both his parent's paths. "Try and keep up, girls," taunted Lily, flying past in a blur. Harry and James looked at each other, then shot after her. She streaked around the goals then tossed the Quaffle to Harry as she came back, and he forwarded it to James. They continued this for awhile then Harry asked James to tell him some of his game plays. He was impressed with James' forward planning, as he outlined defensive plays for the other three Houses and their individual players. Harry then offered some of his own plays that he thought might work well with the combined talents of Rose and Lily as Chasers, remembering how well Ginny and Demelza had worked together in his sixth year. The year Gryffindor had won the House Cup. The year he'd kissed Ginny in front of their whole House in the common room. Six weeks of sunlit days and unforgettable nights. The Quaffle flew past his nose, and he jerked suddenly. " Judging by the look on your face, I have an idea what you're thinking about, and if I'm right, you need to stop it – now! That's my mum, and we're here to play Quidditch!" scowled James, hovering nearby. Harry flushed. " I was just thinking it would be good if your mum was here too," he lied. " More players, you know. Albus too," he added. "Of course, Albus," sighed James. Lily flew up close to them. "I need to go to the loo, and I think you two need to have a heart to heart," she said, sounding just like Ginny. "Be nice." She pointed at both of them, then flew down. " Oy, the Quaffle," yelled James, flying after her. She turned neatly and flew back, throwing it to him. She then turned and again, headed for the ground. She landed easily and sauntered off. James flew back up and threw the Quaffle to Harry. He threw it back and they continued without talking. Finally Harry simply caught it. " So, looking forward to going back to Hogwarts soon?" James grimaced. " Oh yeah, six months of intense study before we take our NEWTS. Can't wait," he said somewhat sarcastically. " Thank Merlin for Quidditch, though," he added. Harry nodded in agreement. " You've always been a good student, James, so I don't anticipate you having any problems with your NEWTS," assured Harry. " Despite all the pranks Freddie and I have pulled?" asked James, grinning. Harry laughed, remembering the owls from Headmistress Macgonagall not long after James and Fred Weasley had started at Hogwarts, and all the years thereafter. " You know, your mum and I knew we were tempting fate when we named you James Sirius, and you have definitely lived up to their names." " Yeah, although I've often wondered what I'd be like if I was named Hagrid Dobby Potter," quipped James. " Or would it be Rubeus Hedwig?" Harry burst out laughing. " Trust me, we named you well. From everything I've heard about my dad and Sirius together, well, you remind me of them, or at least, how I imagine they would have been." James smile fell as he remembered the history of his father's parents and godfather. Harry saw his smile falter and rushed to reassure him. " You know James, both your mum and I are so proud of you, we always have been. You may be following on the Marauder tradition of pranking – not to mention a certain pair of Weasley twins – but you're growing to be a wonderful young man with a great heart." James looked taken aback to be praised so much from his dad. With a pang Harry wondered if he had worried so much about Albus the last year – since Albus started at Hogwarts if he was being honest – that he may have missed moments with his firstborn, his son, his Jamie. Moments he couldn't get back. " Thanks, Dad," James finally said, visibly moved. " Hey," said Harry, to lighten the mood, " I reckon it must be getting close to lunch. Let's go see what your grandmother has waiting for us, back at the house," he suggested. "Sure," agreed James, and together, they flew down. They put the brooms away and started the walk back to the Burrow. " Dad...everything's all right with Al now, isn't it?" " Yeah...yes," said Harry, firmly. " Albus has told you what happened, hasn't he?" he asked. Harry and Ginny had explained the situation with Delphi to James and Lily, but had left certain parts for Albus to explain when he was ready. He'd seen both his son's talking quietly before Christmas and had hoped it had been about that. So when James nodded he relaxed slightly. "Why do you ask?" He worried that James may have picked up on something that Albus had said or done that he might have missed. James shrugged. " I just feel like I let Al down when he first got Sorted into Slytherin. Like maybe I should have tried to spend more time with him and all.I know the two of you had issues, and I know I teased him about being Sorted into Slytherin, but Dad, I really didn't care what House he was Sorted into." " James, none of what happened was your fault. If Albus told you everything, then you'd know that in one of the alternative timelines, he was in Gryffindor, and things weren't any better between the two of us." James was silent, processing. Harry continued. "Besides, I know how hard it is, keeping up with younger siblings, even in the same House. Ron and Ginny sometimes only saw each other at dinner in the Great Hall, or in the common room after. So, to be in a different House, and face it, you can't get further away from each other than Gryffindor and Slytherin, well, none of that is on you," reassured Harry. " I just never understood what he found so hard about being a Potter," shrugged James. "It's the media, the extra attention, the expectations. It's not about being a Potter, it's about being my son," said Harry. "I'm your son, too," defended James. "I know," said Harry. They walked a bit further on, then – "I think I sort of blamed Al, too, for being in Slytherin. I know it's stupid, but it seemed like he decided he wanted to be there to prove to me he could be, because he was expected to be in Gryffindor. Plus, there was Scorpius." James quickly shut his mouth and stared determinedly ahead. "Scorpius?" prompted Harry. James stopped and sighed, facing his father. To Harry's surprise, they were practically eye to eye. When did he get so tall? Where had the time gone? "He's my brother...annoying as he is and all, but he's my brother, and I really looked forward to showing him