Harry exited the Floo at Grimmauld Place and cursed when he stumbled, as he was prone to do. He righted himself, before realising his Auror robes were all twisted, and with yet another angry word, he flung his robes off and threw them over the chair, then flung himself down on the sofa. He rubbed his tired eyes under his glasses. Sometimes he really hated his job. He'd joined the Aurors after the battle, choosing to accept Kingsley's offer rather than return to Hogwarts for his last year. For the most part he liked it, the physical training, the camraderie, the testing of new skills and the variety of cases each day brought. But then there would be days like today – days that brought up a lot of bad memories. Harry and his partner, Pete, along with a member of the Child and Youth's Magical Protection Services, had gone along to a home, where neighbours had reported shouting and what sounded like hitting, and a child crying and begging for help. The man of the house, a large brute of a man, had not been particularly welcoming, and not helpful at all. Only Harry's determination, and a warrant to confirm they had the right to search the premises, allowed them entry. A meek witch with a black eye was in the run down kitchen, stirring a pot. When Harry and his team announced themselves, she began weeping, practically begging for help. The man threatened her and her freak daughter, a comment that made Harry see red. Only the intervention of his partner stopped Harry from crossing the line in his duties. Harry had demanded to know where the daughter, Hazel, was. The weeping woman pointed to the attic. With a nod to his partner, Harry shot up the stairs while his partner took away the bully of a man. She was cowered in the corner, shivering and rubbing her arms as she tried to keep warm on this cold night. She squealed in fright as Harry approached, but his gentle tone soothed her. "Hazel, I'm not here to hurt you. My name is Harry and I'm an Auror. Please, won't you come downstairs, your mummy is worried about you," he said gently. The little girl shook her head. "Max will hit Mummy again, and it will be all my fault. I didn't mean to do magic, honest." She began to cry. "Max has been taken away, and won't bother you or mummy again, I promise. Here, Hazel, this is Linda, she will help you and mummy find a nice place to live where you'll be safe," Harry said, moving aside so she could see the other woman. Linda moved closer to Harry, so Hazel could see her. "Hello Hazel. What Harry said is true, I'm going to find you a nice new place to live, just you and Mummy, okay? Max won't know where you live, and won't hurt you again." "Promise?" asked Hazel, warily. "We promise," vowed Harry and Linda together. Hazel slowly came forward, and Harry let Linda take over, reuniting her with her weeping mother. Soon the whole horrible story came out. Max had seemed like the answer to single mother Janice just over a year ago and had soon moved in. The disruption to their new housemate unsettled young Hazel, and she began to exhibit signs of accidental magic more and more. Max, a Squib, believed her to be showing off her powers, and punished her or her mother. But no more. Max was being held before official charges were laid tomorrow. When Harry had finally left the Auror office, Linda was finding Janice and Hazel emergency accomadation for the night, after having the department's healer look over them both. Harry vowed to follow up the case with a visit, even if was just to see how little Hazel was doing. "Master, you are home," said Kreacher. "Obviously," said Harry, dryly, instantly regretting his tone. It wasn't Kreacher's fault he'd had a shitty day. "Sorry, bad day. Ginny home?" he asked. Kreacher appreciated the apology, nodding his head in acknowledgement. "Mistress Ginny firecalled an hour ago, looking for you. Miss Jones has called a team meeting, and mistress Ginny does not know how long it will go for. She said she will be home as soon as she can be," recited the elf. Harry sighed. Coming home to Ginny was the best tonic after a stressful day. She reassured him and stopped him from moping and brooding. "Well, that's just great," he groused. "Can Kreacher be bringing you something to eat?" asked Kreacher. Harry shook his head. Truthfully, he'd grabbed a dry sarny from the Leaky, left over from the lunch trade. It had filled a hole and was quick and easy as he dictated his report, eager to finish the case, check on Hazel, then get home to Ginny. But he knew Kreacher wouldn't find that nourishing enough, yet Harry had no appetite. "Perhaps a cup of tea," suggested Harry. "Very good, master Harry. Mrs Molly sent over a treacle tart today, made fresh. Perhaps a thin slice," he proposed. "It is quite rich. Too much treacle, I suspect." He grimaced in distaste. Harry tried to hide a grin. Molly, as was her way, always sent over copious amounts of food for Harry and Ginny, aware of their busy lifestyles. Kreacher was quite affronted at this, and begrudingly served up her food, feeling as though her cooking was a stain on his ability to provide for his master and mistress. He never missed an opportunity to add his comments about her cooking. Harry patted his stomach. "Maybe just a couple of those nice ginger biscuits you made yesterday, thanks Kreacher. I'm going to go and have a shower, can you bring it to my room, please?" He stood and made his way to the stairs, thus missing the way Kreacher's face lit up. "Yes, master Harry. Kreacher will be turning down the bed, and shall leave your tea and biscuits on your bedside table." He picked up Harry's Auror robes and put them over one arm, prepared to clean them. "Thanks, Kreacher," waved Harry, tiredly, going up the stairs. "Better add a couple for Ginny." "Just a couple?" murmured Kreacher to himself. Harry stood in the shower for ages, letting the hot water cascade over his body, washing away the day's aches. Today's case was just a little too close to home, bringing back memories of life with the Dursley's. Harry often found that he could go along, quite all right, then bam, something someone said, or did, would bring it all back. Ginny had suggested counselling – Hermione had nagged about counselling – but Harry knew it was unlikely he would be able to bare all his secrets to a random stranger. Trust was something an abused child found hard to accept, and Harry had only opened fully about his pre-magical life with Ginny. Usually late at night, after a wine or two, when he was feeling mellow – or melancholy. Knock Knock. "Is master all right?" asked Kreacher. "You have been in there for a long time." Harry realised his fingers were all wrinkled, so he turned the water off and stepped out of the shower. "I'm fine, Kreacher, sorry, lost track of time. Gin home yet?" he asked hopefully. "Not yet, master Harry. Your bed is all ready," said Kreacher. "Thanks...goodnight," said Harry, towelling himself dry, then wrapped the towel around himself as he went across the hall to the main bedroom. He lay on the bed, sipping his tea and nibbling on one of the biscuits. He looked over to the other side of the bed, still feeling a thrill that Ginny Weasley – no, Potter – was his. He stretched his arm out to her side, drawing her pillow close so he could inhale her fragrance. It was quite a poor second choice, but if that was all he had, then he'd take what he could get. He must have fallen asleep, but something alerted him to wake up. He rolled over from hugging Ginny's pillow, leaned back on his elbows and squinted at the door. "Gin? Zat you?" He adjusted his glasses. She wore familiar robes, and with a start, Harry realised they were his Auror robes, the ones he'd discarded in the lounge. She leaned against the door jamb, looking amused. "That's Auror Potter to you," she teased, holding up his Auror identification card, which did, indeed, proclaim her to be Auror Potter. "And you, sir, have the right to remain sexy." She moved closer to the bed. Harry fell back on the bed, a smile on his face. Already he felt better. Ginny was home and in a playful mood. Suddenly, things were looking, and moving, up! She hopped onto the bed and straddled him. "If you resist me, I'll have to magically restrain you. Or you could simply, come" – she leaned down to lick his earlobe, something he found a real turn on - "quietly." Harry grinned, his hands finding her hips, over his robes. "Well, seeing as I find you irresistable, it looks like I'm going to come" – he ran his hand inside the robes to her hip – " quietly. "Very good, Mr Potter, very good. I'll be sure to tell the judge you've been most co-operative. Maybe they won't send you to Azkaban if I put in a good word for you. Of course, you'll have to do something nice for me," purred Ginny. "I'm all for co-operation, Auror Potter," said Harry, "and I'll do anything to stay out of Azkaban. And I do mean anything," he said, his voice thick with lust. He bucked under her to show her how aroused he was. "Mr Potter!" exclaimed Ginny, in a shocked voice. "Are you propositioning me? And you, a married man. Why, I've seen photos in the paper of your lovely wife. What will this do to her, do you reckon?" she asked, trying not to laugh. Harry sat up, pulling her close as he nuzzled her neck. "Trust me, she'll understand." He began to kiss her ear, throat, her neck, when she took his glasses off and put them on the end of her nose, looking at him over the rim. For a fleeting moment, it reminded him of Professor MacGonagall, which cooled his ardour slightly. "Mr Potter," she scolded, in a tone that also reminded him of his former head of house. "I'm surprised at you...yet slightly intrigued and titillated." She said the last in a sulty tone, drawing Harry's attention to that particular part of her body. Unfortunately all he saw was a pale pink blur. "Gin, you know I can't see a bloody thing without my glasses," whined Harry. "Harry, love," said Ginny, as she lightly kissed his lips. "You've seen me naked plenty of times before, you don't need your glasses. Close your eyes," she encouraged. Harry closed his eyes, taking a moment to enjoy the nibble of his earlobe and the fingers running through his hair. Then he pictured Ginny. He saw Ginny at ten, running after the train, waving madly. He saw her at thirteen and a half, offering him Easter egg in the library. He saw fifteen year old Ginny after he'd kissed her in the common roon, and then sixteen year old Ginny after the battle her eyes shining with love. For him. He saw just eighteen year old Ginny, smiling broadly, her face flushed after their first time together. He saw nineteen year old Ginny play her first professional Harpies match, and win. He saw twenty year old Ginny walk towards him, a vision in white. His hands wandered under his cloak. Merlin, she was naked. His hands crept up her side, to her shoulders and then down. He cupped her breasts, thumbing the hard tips. She lifted his face to kiss him passionately. He felt his glasses smoosh against