It was the break up that shocked her family, their friends. "It's the distance," explained Ginny, to Neville and Luna, "I'm in Holyhead, he's in London." "It's the time," explained Harry, to Ron and Hermione," She's always training, and I'm always working." "We'll still be friends, good friends," they both said. Her family and their friends smiled doubtfully and in fact, they seemed more upset about it than Harry and Ginny. They wondered if it were possible for the two to stay friends. They had their chance to find out only a month later, when Ginny invited them all to Grimmauld Place for a birthday party for Harry, and spent the night acting as the hostess. Harry didn't seem to mind, and it was as if the break up had never happened, apart from the lack of touches and heated looks the two had become known for. Her family and their friends left feeling confused. They were even more so a couple of weeks later, when Harry took Ginny to a play in London for her birthday. She had wanted to see it, mentioning it often, and he'd brought the tickets ages ago, and didn't see the point in wasting them. No-one mentioned the possibility of Ginny taking someone else, because, so far, this break up just didn't feel like a break up to any of them. They didn't really see Harry and Ginny together again for quite awhile, as the Quidditch season started again, and Harry was working more and more. In fact, it would be Halloween before the two would be spotted together, as Ginny accompanied Harry to Godric's Hollow, as she had done since the end of the war. Of course, nobody but them knew how often they did, in fact, see each other, apart from Kreacher. Only he knew of the days off Harry would spend cooking ( and messing up his kitchen), only to portion it up in containers. Then he'd be off, most times not returning till the next morning. It was only when Ginny returned the empty and washed containers, that Kreacher realised what Harry was doing. "What?" demanded Harry, as Kreacher eyed him knowingly, the next time he cooked. "She can't cook for shit. What am I going to do, let her starve?" Kreacher mumbled something about the Harpies feeding their players, and Molly Weasley providing for her only daughter, but it rolled straight off Harry. "She likes my cooking," he defended. Kreacher rolled his eyes and prepared for an evening of cleaning the kitchen once the master had left. Ginny told no-one that a lot of her stuff was still at Grimmauld Place. Harry told no-one that he quite liked still seeing her toothbrush resting against his in the bathroom. Then there were the rare times that Ginny would be in town, staying at the Burrow. She'd Floo over early in the morning, before he left for work, because "no-one makes coffee the way you do, Harry." Harry would say nothing, just smile and add another few eggs and slices of bacon to the breakfast he was preparing. She'd make the toast, occasionally turning the bacon while he made her the coffee she loved so much. They'd eat together companionably, sharing the Daily Prophet and commenting on the headlines. Then Harry would go to work and Ginny would return to the Burrow. Kreacher would watch them go their separate ways, muttering about humans and their oddities. Hermione smiled knowingly when Harry announced, when pressed, that he had no interest in dating. "Yet," he stressed. Luna nodded knowingly, when Ginny announced there were no interesting men around. The fact that she was wearing a Gryffinfor Seeker shirt spoke louder than her protests that she was waiting for "the right one." It was inevitable that they would begin to date. All their friends watched on with interest (and dismay, for they were all hoping for a reunion the likes of the Gryffindor common room, circa 1996). Harry met Belinda, a witch from Research. She'd flirted, they'd had coffee. Finally Harry took a gamble, and asked her out for a date. It had been a mistake to take Belinda to their restaurant. The maitré d asked about Ginny, and talked for ten whole minutes on how well the Harpies were doing because of her. He showed the couple to their usualtable, and everything felt wrong. Harry ordered his usual, which was a double order, because Ginny usually picked from his plate then they took the leftovers home. Belinda asked for a wine he didn't enjoy, used to the one they used to order. Belinda left the table to go to the ladies. Harry was relieved, already knowing the night had been a mistake. Clearly he wasn't ready to date again...yet. He'd be polite and see the date through, then escort her home and politely let her down. He looked around the restaurant. Was he imagining the waiters giving him daggers? He and Ginny were well known here, and Ginny always liked to talk to their servers, and they always tipped well. Then, to his surprise, Ginny herself walked in. She spoke to the maitré d, who pointed her to a corner. She chatted easily to him for several seconds, then walked to the appointed corner. She laughed with several of the waiters, the the chef, the bloody chef himself , appeared with a box of food in a bag. She thanked him and they spoke, before she paid and left, all without even seeing Harry. Belinda returned. "So, dessert?" she suggested, picking up the menu. Harry knew he couldn't continue the date any longer. It felt like he was cheating on Ginny, and she had only come in for takeout! "I'm sorry, but I have to go," apologised Harry, taking out his wallet. "Oh," said a disappointed Belinda. "Some other time, maybe?" "I don't think so, but I'll see you home," offered Harry. Ginny didn't have an easy time of it either. She'd agreed to a dinner and movie date with a team mates brother, only because she was tired of just training and sleeping. She wanted to do something fun, and she had loved the movies ever since Harry had first taken her. To her surprise, Sam cooked dinner for her at his place, then they watched a movie. The first was nice, although he only plated her a small amount, 'a small portion, because you're in training ', then poured a glass of the worst wine she'd ever had. She wanted to spit it back in the glass, but managed to swallow it down...barely. Ugh. Dessert was popcorn as they settled down to watch a dvd. Ginny liked to talk during the movie, especially about Muggle things she didn't understand. Harry would sometimes pause the movie to explain, or they'd talk over the next part. "So this actually happened, in real life?" asked Ginny, picking up the dvd cover to read the back. Sam merely grunted and nodded, his eyes fixed on the screen. "Jack and Rose were real?" she clarified. Sam sighed. "No, they're fictional, but the Titanic was a real boat that hit an iceberg and sank in 1912, killing hundreds of passengers. Now sssh," he admonished. Ginny didn't like being shooshed, but she settled down to watch the movie, storing up her questions for the end. Until one particular part got her so mad she had to speak up. "No way! Jack could absolutely have fit on that door," she exclaimed, as, onscreen, Rose let her lover, Jack, slip to the inky depths of the icy ocean. "It may have tipped, and then they would have both died," explained Sam., "and then what's the point of the movie?" "It's supposed to be a love story. He would have fit, they would have survived, and then they could have been together, forever. That's what love is supposed to be," cried Ginny. "That's quite an idealised view of love," said an amused Sam. "Besides, he could have climbed on, but he chose not to. Don't you see, Ginny. He died to save her. That's your love story." Ginny stilled. "What did you say?" She got to her feet. Sam shrugged. "He wanted her to be safe. He died so she could live. Quite noble, actually- hey, where are you going? The movie's not over yet. Ginny?" "Sorry, I just- I have to go, sorry. I'm sorry," she babbled, needing to get away. Both Harry and Ginny did a lot of soul searching over the next few days, before work and careers interrupted. Ginny left training without thought when she got the owl to say Harry had been hurt during a case and was in St Mungo's. Her name was down as his 'in case of emergency' contact, and she didn't hesitate, demanding the best healers and hexing any reporters who tried to sneak close to his hospital room for an exclusive. She saw him home and stayed with him for the next few days, doling out potions as the healers had stated. Kreacher cooked up a storm, and Molly did too, to Kreacher's chagrin. It was only later that Harry learned Ginny had missed a match to care for him, but she never said anything about it. Harry spent most of his limited free time with Teddy, but to Ron's amusement, he attended every Harpies match he could. He'd fully invested in a Harpies jumper and scarf, which bore the name Weasley on his back. "What?" he demanded of Ron's knowing looks. "I want her to know I support her." He brought a matching set for Teddy, who adored Ginny. "Sure, mate," agreed Ron, while privately agreeing with Hermione that it was just a matter of time. A lonely wet weekend off greeted a dismal Harry. Teddy had a cold, so Andromeda limited his visit. George and Ron were busy at the shop, and Hermione was preparing for a case. Luna was away, and Neville hadn't replied to his owl. Who was he kidding, they weren't really who he wanted to see, anyway. He wondered if she had the weekend off. What was he doing? What were they doing? Time, distance - they'd been separated by worse. Surely Ginny could see that they were better together. Stronger...happier. Now, what to do about it? Ginny stared out of the window in Holyhead. Her teammates were heading for a night at a local club, but she wasn't in the mood. With the harsh weather, it was a night for staying in, for playing Exploding Snap in front of the fire, for drinking good wine, for story time with Teddy. She knew where she really wanted to be tonight. She sighed – what was she thinking, what were they doing? They'd survived time apart before, and at least this time, they could owl, they could have weekends, or stolen hours together. She was better with Harry, she was happiest with Harry. All she had to do was tell him she wanted to unbreak their break up. An owl was sent off next morning. The recipient shivered expectantly as they read the note. 'Hey Gin, ( he was the only one who called her that ) Found some stuff of yours, think we should go through it. Heard you'll be in town this weekend. Dinner Friday night at GP? Let me know – Yours, Harry. Yours. She traced her finger over the words. Yours. Damn straight he was hers. His letter scared her; had he finally boxed her things up, had he, could he have moved on? Without her? In trepadition, she sent a reply. 'Dinner Friday sounds good. I'll bring a hearty appetite, ( Harry snorted ) , the wine and dessert. ( Harry knew her well enough to know that meant Molly would make a treacle tart ) . Looking forward to it – Love Ginny. She cursed as the owl flew away with her reply, wanting to call it back. 'Really, Ginny,