Harry Potter rolled over, shooting a quick look at the alarm clock. It showed it was five in the morning so he planned to cuddle down with Ginny for a few more hours before he'd have to get up and cook the usual Sunday breakfast. However those plans were soon thwarted by a small body inconveniently placed between him and his wife. He rested his head on his hand as he looked at his wife and daughter, snuggled together. He figured Lily must have had a nightmare and cried out or climbed into bed with them. She had been very clingy with them all since Albus had started school back in September, along with James. Harry's heart filled with love, looking at the two loves of his life. Ginny looked peaceful, her glorious hair splashed out over the pillow. Lily's hair was a darker shade, more like another Lily, and her face nuzzled her mother's breast. At two, she looked like a red haired angel. His angel; his girls. Moving closer, Harry lay his arm over Lily and linked hands with Ginny. Then he promptly fell back asleep. ~00~ They decided to have a simple family day at home. Harry was tired from work, even now, with a year of being Head Auror under his belt, some weeks were better than others, and the last one had been a bad one. Aurors off sick, Aurors needed to testify in cases, discussions about the new recruits and, as always, Hermione on his back about his paperwork. He really needed a peaceful weekend. The family had enjoyed his breakfast, then seperated to all corners of the house immediately after. James, 7 was polishing his broom and hoping that, if his parents got distracted, he could get in a quick fly around the back yard. Albus, 5, was engrossed in a book he had borrowed from school and so had curled up on the window seat in his dad's office, a purring cat on his lap as he read. He wanted to return the book to school the next day and get another one. His teacher had said he was the best reader in his year, apart from Rose. But as no-one was better than Rose, Albus took it for the compliment it was intended. Lily was happy to stay in the kitchen while Harry and Ginny cleaned up and enjoyed a second cup of tea while reading the paper. Then Ginny mentioned about painting the lounge, so the three moved into that room, as Ginny suggested colours, and furniture placement and throws and cushions. Lily clapped in delight when Harry used magic to move the furniture around to see how it would look. She tried to copy him, using a quill for a wand. When Harry and Ginny realised what she was doing, Ginny secretly used her wand at the things Lily was trying to move. Lily was delighted to think she was doing magic, and Harry told her what a wonderful little witch she was. Finally they agreed on a layout and a colour. Harry sighed. "I don't know when I'll get another full weekend off, Gin. It might be easier to get someone in to paint it," he said. "I'll be working late nearly every night this week, too." "Hmm, I suppose I could call Dean Thomas," purred Ginny, grinning at Harry. He growled and pulled her to him. "I don't think so," he said, kissing her. "Daddy no go work," said Lily. Harry and Ginny stopped kissing to look at their daughter. "Darling, Daddy has to go to work. He has a very important job," said Ginny. "Daddy no go. Stay wiv Lily," she said stubbornly. Harry picked her up and hugged her, tickling her and making her cry out in laughter. "Daddy would love to stay with you, Lil. We have today. Let's go have some fun," he said. She wiggled to get down. "I go get Albie," she said, tottering off. Ginny put her arms around Harry, who was watching her guiltily. "Harry, she's going through a clingy phase, don't worry. Now, let's not worry about the lounge for now. I have laundry to do," she said, kissing the end of his nose. Albus looked up as Lily came in. The cat raised its sleepy head, then lowered it back down when it realised she was no threat. "Albie come play wiv me and daddy," she said. "No, Lil, I want to finish this book. I have to return it to school tomorrow before I can borrow another one," he told her. Lily leaned against him, looking at the book. Silly book, with no pictures. "Albie, come play," she urged. "No. Go away, Lil," he replied crossly, totally engrossed in his book. "Albie no go school. Stay home wiv me," demanded Lily. "I have to go to school," said Albus, not even looking up from the pages. "Go bother James." "Jamie play," agreed Lily, toddling off. Ginny was returning from upstairs with an armful of sheets. After adding them to the washing machine, she spelled it to wash, then sent Lily out to find James. Lily found James just as he was swinging a leg over his broom. He jumped, startled, then sighed in relief. "Oh, Lil, it's just you. Thought it was mum or dad. They're not around here, are they?" he asked, in alarm. Lily shook her head. "Jamie fly?" "Course not, we're not allowed to fly without mum or dad here," said James, loudly. When no parental figure emerged he sighed in relief, then frowned down at his sister. "Course, I could if I wanted to. I know how," he boasted. "Show me," she encouraged. "Well, er, all right then. But if mum or dad asks, you told me to, okay?" he asked. Lily nodded, and watched as James hopped onto the junior broom he had received for his last birthday. He flew low around the garden, not daring to go too far in case - "James Sirius Potter, what in blazes do you think you are doing?" cried Ginny. "Jamie flying, Mummy," explained Lily. "Yes, I can see that, thanks Lil. James, you know the rule when it comes to flying. No flying without a grown up watching you," said Ginny firmly. "Jamie knows, Mummy," said Lily. "He told me that." "Shut up, Lily," hissed James. "James, apologise to your sister, then march upstairs to your room. You can start cleaning it up," ordered Ginny. "Sorry Lil," said James, unapologetically. He walked past her. "Snitch," he hissed, before going into the house. "Jamie no go, Mummy. Jamie stay and play wiv me," she said to Ginny. "Sorry Lil, he broke the rules. What about Albus?" asked Ginny. "Reading," said Lily, downhearted. "Looks like it's just you and daddy then. I'll join you when the washing is all done, and I've got a start on dinner," said Ginny, taking her hand and leading her back to Harry. "Gin, did you every find my Auror identification badge? It's been missing for a couple of days now. I had to go get a new one, along with a new photo," he complained. "Oh, how tragic for you," teased Ginny. "I think the only photos you never minded having taken were our wedding photos." "Daddy play," instructed Lily, interrupting them. "The boys are busy, so someone is feeling a bit left out," said Ginny, tilting her head in Lily's direction. "But I have to find my badge. Hey, Lil, want to go on a treasure hunt?" asked Harry. Lily nodded enthusiastically. "I'll leave you two to it," said Ginny, patting his arm and smiling at Lily. "The sheets won't hang themselves,"she said. "They would if you used that spell of your mums," reminded Harry. Ginny stuck her tongue out and escaped to the laundry room, leaving Harry and Lily searching for his badge. James came down from his room and Albus emerged from his nook when Ginny called them to lunch. Just simple sandwiches, as she was cooking a roast for dinner. Albus was telling them about the book he had just finished, and how he couldn't wait to read the next one. Ginny reminded him to put the book in his school bag, hanging on a hook off the kitchen. He acquiesed, returning with his nose screwed up. "Jamie's bag stinks," he announced. "Stinky bag, stinky bag," teased Lily, giggling. Ginny got up from the table, returning with the bag. She held it away from her. "Merlin, James, what is in here?" With trepidation she opened it. "Your tuna sandwich? From last Friday? James!" She waved her hand over her face to move the odour away. "I forgot it," claimed James. "Sorry." Taking a deep breath, Ginny pulled everything out of his bag and then did a freshening charm on it. "I think we'll leave this outside for the rest of the day, just to make sure," she said, holding the bag by the finger tips, even though it didn't smell off any more. "What is all this?" she asked, seeing parchments and ugh, a banana skin in the pile. "A note from your teacher, asking to see us?" asked Harry, reading one of the scrolls. He eyed James, who shrugged and tried to look innocent. Ginny picked up three or four notes."Homework not done," read Ginny. She picked up another note. "Homework not done. James, what's going on? Homework due...tomorrow. James, have you done this?" "Er, I think so," said James. "Which means no," guessed Harry. "Right, when lunch is over, you and I will sit down at the table and talk about this while you do your homework. Understood?" "Yes, Dad," scowled James. Truthfully, he didn't like the disappointment he had seen in his parents eyes. It's just that there were more fun things to do at home after school, rather than homework. "Daddy play wiv me?" asked Lily, hopefully. "Sorry, Lil, I need to do this with James," said Harry. "Albus, are you free now you've finished your book. Can you play with Lily for a bit?" asked Ginny. She hoped Lily might have a nap soon. "I guess," said Albus, reluctantly. "Read my book, Albie," suggested Lily. She took him up to her room and showed him her favourite book. "Lil, there aren't any words in this book, just pictures," said Albus, flicking through the pages. "This is for babies, not big boys like me who go to school." "Not a baby. Albie no go school," said Lily. "School is fun, Lily. I want to go to school. I like my teacher and I like reading books. You'll see, Lily, when it's your turn, you'll see." Lily shook her head. "Lily no go school. Albie and Jamie no go school. Stay home," she said vehemently. "You have to go to school, Lily, it's the law. If you don't, Dad would have to arrest you or something," shrugged Albus. "I go work wiv Daddy?" asked Lily, perking up. Albus shook his head. "You'll be locked up, maybe even in Azkaban!" "I no go Azban," stated Lily. "You're a silly, Lily. First we go to this school, then we go to Hogwarts, far, far away in Scotland. That's where Teddy is," reminded Lily. "Teddy! Miss Teddy," said Lily, perking up again. "Yeah, me too," sighed Albus. "He'll be home for the summer hols, though." "Teddy stay," said Lily. Albus rolled his eyes. "Lily, we can't all stay here forever. We have to grow up and leave some day, when we're really, really old. Like twenty or something." The cat wandered in, jumped on Lily's bed and found a warm comfortable spot to fall asleep on. Both Albus and Lily watched as it began to perform it's usual pre-nap ablutions. Ginny appeared in the doorway. "Lil, do you want to come and help me bake some bread? Albus, I can always use an extra hand?" she suggested. Lily nodded and walked past her mother. Albus