A/N: So this setting is after The Lost Hero and before The Mark of Athena. P.S. English is not my first language so there might be some slight (or maybe a lot hahaha) of wrong grammar and vocabulary whatnots. PM me so I can edit to be better. Jason woke up from a dreamless sleep. It has been 3 months since he arrived in Camp half blood with Leo and Piper. He strecthed as he stood from his bed and stared at the statue of a famous man he has yet to meet one day. The stare of cement seem like daggers cutting through him. He heard how the gods like to pop in and out to disturb their lives here in the greek side. Pestering them with favors of quests to death or a delivery to the other side of the earth. But then, greeks were a lucky bunch he thought. Once in a few years were a god likely to come down to descend and visit them back at Camp Jupiter. He was even surprised how one time Dionysus sneaked into Camp half blood just to check the students welfare (which he denied with an excuse of rather checking the growing grapes in the garden). The god simply wore an old worn out rolling stone shirt, shorts and sandals. His image of him back in his camp was much more graceful and elegant, a god of wine. With a loin cloth and vase and all. He left the cabin and went straight to the dining pavillion as other campers chatting happily with their cabinmates. He was a little bit jelous on how other cabins were all lively and active despite the small space placed for them while his may be a replica of a mighty temple but contains nothing except for a bed, a statue of the ligthning god and a few photographic memories of his sister, Thalia, left in the cabin. And luckily, the hephaustus cabin happily made a high tech bathroom just for him. He told Leo how the temple was just an honorary for Zeus so the place didn't contain anything. And being a good best friend Leo was, asked his brothers and sisters help him create a fully awesome cabin nine marked bathroom just for him. He scanned the room to look for that friend of his as two hands in the air was waving with an impish smile on his face. He smiled back and casually walked towards the Hephaustus table. Chiron let him sit anywhere he prefer since it would be pretty lonesome if he were to have a table all for himself since he was the only one that would contain cabin one's table. "Dude, cabin nine is whipping something juicy later in capture the flag." Leo half whispered half shouted as he bit into his apple. "And why are you telling me this? We usually end up in different teams." "Sheesh, I've already got something in mind if ever we meet in the fields" he said as he wiggled his brows. "Oh, so I'm guessing you guys have something that could beat the Athena cabin then, or maybe Aris'?" Jason asked as he scooped up from his cereal. Leo fidgeted in his seat, a smirk formed from his lips. "Okay, I know we were smouldered, especially by Clarisse, but that doesn't mean we've lost hope. Hephaustus will claim the flag and hold victory in over the years!" Jason smiled at the optimistic friend but doubt that could help them win the game. Jason usually had luck with teaming. Chiron chooses from random lottery for the teams and a few times he was placed with the Athena kids, the Ares cabin and a few others. He usually gets assigned for guard duty of the flag as last line of defense but not a single enemy could pass from the first line. For a few hours, their team wins with flying colors. With their battle strategist and some tricks up their sleeves, nothing could stop Annabeth and Clarisse. They hate each other but when it comes to games like this (better to call it as death games), they need to be the one on top. After some camp activities and training was a few hours for free time. Students roam around playing, relaxing, practicing and other leisurely stuff they wanted to do. A highlight for the day was Connor and Travis' prank on the Apollo cabin. Nothing could make those two stop once their plan have been devised. The Apollo kids threw a few of their instruments and medical materials as Connor and his twin brother ran to the other side. They cursed the twin with an incurable disease, but then they didn't inherit the lovely cursing disease of their father Apollo leaving them with just shouting of diseases and plagues. Jason and Will laughed as a mob of Apollo kids chased the pranksters. "Glad I wasn't in the cabin today or else I would've also thrown Michael's cello at them." he grinned as he followed the sight of the running twins from across the lake. Will Solace of the Apollo cabin and he became friends instantly when the two of them were assigned to guard the flag once. Funny how Will told stories about the camp while in their background was a lot of shouting, charging and clanging of bronze swords as the two of them were cracking themselves up with their jokes. "So dude as I was saying, this huge cavern blocked the way and Mitchell from the aphrodite cabin and I were..." Will was telling him a story from their quest as they went towards the armory. Jason felt this warm but uncomfortable feeling whirling inside him. Coming back from a deadly quest, he knew that as soon as Leo and folks from cabin nine finish the Argo II they'll be off for another journey towards his home camp. But Jason never felt something like this back at camp. His memories were still vague and blurry but bits were coming back such as his senses. Back at Camp jupiter he was praetor, part of the high ranking legion. A son of Jupiter they've always seen him. He was disciplined, trained to fight and lead an army of demigods when a war comes. He was always seen as a leader among the legion. He and Reyna were the top ones who would lead everyone to victory. They marched with pride and confidenece as they kill off the monsters back in the war in mount Othrys. He killed the Titan with his own hands that lead them to victory. "Duck!" Will shouted as he looked from Jason's back. In an instant an arrow was flying fast at them. A second late and Jason would be strolling around with an arrow between his eyeballs. "Sorry Guys! I thought you were Connor and Travis" A girl popped out from a tree. She gave an embarassed smile as she held her quiver. He remembered her as an Apollo kid. "Kayla, If I havent seen your bag hanging around there our cabin would be admitting an injured demigod before capture the flag. And I don't want to miss that later." Will said. She scratched the back of her neck and grinned. Maybe knowing that she didn't care and it was easy for them to heal an arrow shot eyeball. He waved her off as she bid them goodbye and ran off towards the other side to try and ambush the twins. Will sighed as Jason smiled reassuringly that it didn't bother him that his sister almost blinded him. He actually thought that it was funny, crazy yes but its been a while since other kids treated him as an equal. He had this weird dream were he and other fellows in the legion were walking along the halls and the crowded path immediately opens as they walk. Some smiled at them but others look as if they were going to eat them alive any minute. He recalled that it was an old memory but couldn't decipher why some kids was somehow afraid of him. He may be a praetor and all but he was still a normal demigod like them. After Jason, Leo and Piper came back from their quest a lot praised and patted them at the back for a good job. Some even punched him for the good work. After that others treated him normally. Not a hero, not a son of Zeus (or Jupiter in his manner), not a praetor that leads them in war. Just simply as Jason Grace, brother of Thalia (though some were pretty surprised how the two of them were nothing alike, especially in phyical aspects), a demigod in Camp Half-blood. A camper same as them. He liked that vibe of theirs. Relaxed and laid back but fierce and strong in battles. Not all high and mighty leaders. Annabeth may be one of the camp councilors and seen as a smart, skilled and a great leader (being the daughter of Minerva- I mean Athena and all) but sometimes she had those moments were she was relaxed and calm from her surroundings. Others greeted her normally, passing, running and goofing around her. She would just roll her eyes and smile like they made a corny joke. When she's not worrying about her boyfriend Percy Jackson, she'll give a warm smile. (Though it was really rare since he only caught it once when she was talking to Rachel). Will and Jason finally made it in the armory. They were preparing some weapons for later in capture the flag when Leo suddenly burst in the doors with Nyssa. "WE ARE TOTALLY GONNA WIN NOW!" Leo shouted as he pumped his arms. Jason and Will exchanged confused looks. "Okay, we MIGHT win. Yes, I have a feeling there's a chance now. But I don't think that...Oh hey!" Nyssa greeted with a smile when he saw the two of them. Leo ran towards Jason and shook his shoulders with excitement. "Dude, we're not on the same team." he beamed at Jason, which he immediately gave a frown. "And I'm suppose to be happy...why, again?" he felt a pang of disappointment from his friend's declaration. And here he thought that they were truly bestfriends and not an illusion from the mist. "Cause FINALLY we have a chance to win!" "Have you forgotten that Clarisse and Annabeth are warriors, right? They'll smoulder you in a second." Leo patted Jason's shoulder as if comforting him and chuckled lightly. He stepped back and gave a menacing laugh as if he's hiding an evil plan to conquer the world. "My friend, the ultimate duo has finally been broken! Cabin nine and six are together in the same team!" he exclaimed as he punched the air. Luckily those punches didn't affect him. "Oh, and Will, you guys are also part of our team." Leo said with a mischievious smile. Will nodded as if the lineup weren't new to him. "Chiron already announced the teams?" "Yeah, me and Nyssa were on our way here when Chiron announced the teams for later. And I'm sorry again Jason but, you ain't also with Pipes." he patted him on the shoulder. He remembered that Piper was in cabin ten together with the other childrens of Ven-Aphrodite (he's still trying not to mix up their Roman and Greek counterparts.) He and her did sometimes become teammates but usually she's assigned on the line with capturing the flag. "Since you know who your teammates are, give me atleast an idea who I'll be teaming with up then." Jason said. Leo nodded and placed his fist under his chin. "I just remember that on our side, we have cabin 4, 6, 7 hmm..." "10 and 12" Nyssa added. "Also, with I think are cabins 14 and 15. So that means you Jason are teamed up with cabins 5, 8, 11 and 16 to 20. Though cabin