THE SON OF HERA (REMADE) CHAPTER 1 Have you ever been arrested? Sitting in the back of what is basically a moving jail cell with no way to get out, forced to do nothing but ponder your decisions and wonder if anyone even cares that you just got in serious trouble. Which leads me to my next question. Have you ever felt completely, utterly alone? Like no one cares at all? Actually, why am I asking this question? I'm sure everyone at some point or another has felt alone to unbearable points, like your drowning alone in the ocean, emphasis on the alone. There are different types of reactions when people feel alone, some just cry, some do drugs to feel something, some drink, some go out and actually make friends like normal people so they dont feel like they're lost and by themselves. Then you got the rare group of people that commit crimes and get arrested just so someone, anyone gives them some sort of attention good or bad. I'm one of the rare types, I only do one thing that gets me arrested alot (which I have lost count of by the way so dont ask). Domestic violence, abuse, mental, physical anyway you can think of really. I mostly do this crime against females, and before you do some sort of outcry and scream ' Off with his head!' let me tell you why. I have a condition called gynophobia: the irrational fear or hatred of women, sometimes pretaining to both. The reason of this condition is because my step-mother would constantly beat me when I was younger and even sometimes today, it gave me a massive fear of the female gender beating me like she did so when one gets close I instinctively attack them. "Again Damien, I am getting tired of dragging you back here every couple of months, you have to learn to have control." Officer Richard Daniels said. Yeah let me just tell my fear to control itself real quick like that will be so easy. I just realized I have yet to tell you my name or age yet, oops. My name is Damien machiavelli, no i'm not related to Nico machiavelli. we just have the same last name, my father does too. I'm also sixteen years old, yup, a sixteen year old with an arrest record as long as the Mississipi river, really got life looking good am I right? If your wondering why I'm not in juvie or jail or whatever is because my father is the captain of the Alabama police force, John machiavelli, having your daddy as the police captain can really get you out of trouble. But he cant stop a bitch of a mom from beating his child? Sounds fucking stupid. "I cant exactly control it Richard, its a medical condition." I said. Your probably wondering who Richard is right? Richard is second in command and long time friend to my father, as such he apparently has taken it upon himself to arrest me personaly and give me a long talk everytime i'm in this fucking car. Richard is a hulk of a man, a six-five frame and two-hundred and fifty pounds, most of it muscle, he has close-cropped blond hair and grey eyes that have this cold dead look which has served him very well in his years in the force. In reality he is probably one of the kindest people i've ever met, I used to be scared shitless of him but now i'm not, he has two kids and is a single father, his wife died about five years ago to bone cancer and you could almost see the life drain out of Richards eyes. I was there when she passed aswell as my father, my 'mom' or whatever was probably at some bar letting random guys pillage and plunder her. It was the only time i'd ever seen Richard cry, the heartbroken sobs of a man of that size left a permanent scar on my heart. Truly, Richard and his since gone wife are more like family to me than my actual family, I hate my father, and you should know how I feel about my step-mom. His two kids are actually younger than me but not by much, one daughter who is fiftheen and a son who is fourteen. Alex and Angela, I used to play with them when I was younger, before I started getting arrested constantly and they started avoiding me. If your wondering why I played with a girl was because she is actually a lesbian, and thats the thing, if your a lesbian girl I wont have the urge to break your nose into bone shards, dont know why but thats just the case with my phobia. I'm here in this lovely stinking police car talking about my beatings and life and all and I havent even told you about myself or described myself. I have pure curly white hair that goes to the top of my neck, a gift from my step-mom, a lean build, I dont have a six back but I dont look weak. Green eyes that according to Richard have this natural demonic look to them, a scar running from my left nostrol to the end of my left eye, also courtesy of my step-mom. I unfortunately havent grown shit for facial hair. My mouth has this irritating bow shape to it that I want to get rid of but cant. I dont know how to describe my face or jaw so make up your own interpretation cause I dont feel like having that type of negativity in my life trying to describe it. One more thing, I have a small british accent. "It may be a phobia but with enough time and effort you can control or even get over it Damien, you just have to put the effort into it." Richard said. "You think I havent tried? Do you think I enjoy sitting in this veichle and hurting people because in reality i'm scared of the mental torture I'll go through? Cause if you do then you dont really know me do you?" I said frustrated. Richard sighed and that made me angry, it wasnt a tired sigh, it was a sigh of pure exasperation. I choked my anger down and it felt like bile going down my throat. "Whatever, I dont even care anymore, do what you have to do. Again." I said. As I said that we arrived to the Alabama state department, i've been here so many times I know this place like the back of my hand, sad really knowing this place better than I can read regular things and focus on non-criminal acts. Forgot to mention that actually, just throwing this out there but I am dyslexic and I have ADHD, really aggravaiting, Actually for some reason the only language I can understand normally is greek. Which caused me to become a bit of a greek geek. We walk into the police station and instantly I am greeted to my father grabbing me and yanking me down to the interrogation room. So much for parental love right? he sits me down at the silver table and goes to the other side and sits aswell, he just stares at me and I fidget in my seat waiting for the explosive anger that usually comes from him when I do this. Instead he just sighs and rubs his temples and looks at me and asks one question. "Why did you do it to that girl Damien? She was just talking to you and you broke her nose. Why?" He askes. Why? Why indeed, maybe its because of that whore you call a wife and you ask me to call a mom. Maybe it's because she has beaten a fear of females into me so now I cant even hold a normal conversation with a girl without panicking. I dont say any of that, he wouldnt understand, if I knew how much my next words would change my life I still wouldnt change anything. "I dont know sir, I just lost it" I said and his face reddened. "What the fuck do you mean you dont KNOW! YOU broke a girls nose because she was trying to TALK to you. I have bailed you out long enough Damien, now you will face the consequences." He said. Now he was taking action? When it's already to late to change it? "What are you going to do sir?" I ask, the smirk on his face worried me. "Something I should have done long ago, I am sending you to Manhattan New York. There is a school there called Goode High School, as for your living area there are dorms which you will be living in, most importantly, it is a school built for people like you." He said and the thought made my blood boil. "People like me? What do you mean by that? Nevermind, dont answer cause I already know, your sending me somewhere else so you dont have to deal with me. I should be used to it but i'd be lying if I say I did. Also did you forget that I have been expelled from twelve schools? What makes you think this will be any different?" I asked. His face twisted in the anger I knew to well. "Listen you little brat, if you even think about getting expelled from this school i'll have you thrown into jail so fast it will make your head spin, think i'm bluffing? TRY ME!" He yelled the last part. I lept across the table and punched him in the face, something i'd done before and was nearly routine at this point, even so he still looked shocked with his hand covering the red knuckle print that was quickly forming. "Fuck you old man, I hope you go home to your wife in bed with another man, AGAIN!" I said and then added: "I hate you but I dont intend to go to jail so i'll go to this school in New York. Just know you lost a son, or whatever the fuck thats left of me." I said and left with Richard following behind me. I had just gotten back to Richards car when I noticed the girl I punched walking with her mother to the police station. The girl lightly touching her nose. "C'mon kiddo lets go." He said but I wasnt paying attention, I was to busy looking at the damage I'd caused to her. I felt bad, her nose was blue and black and swollen, an ugly mark on an otherwise admittedly cute face. I felt a surge of something in my chest, and I found that I really wanted to apologize to her and I wanted to prove my father wrong, I wanted to prove that I could change since he had given up on me. I mustered every single ounce of courage and walked over to them, the mother noticing me before the girl and she sent me such a death glare I physically shivered and almost turned back. I didnt though. I continued walking towards them, the girl finally noticed me and when she did instead of looking at me with anger she looked at me with fear. I wanted to crawl into a hole and die, I felt a suprising amount of remorse, you know that feeling of bile that seems to creep into your throat when you do something that makes you nerveous? It was kinda like that. I made sure I stood about five feet away, close enough to run if I needed to. I opened my mouth to speak but found I couldnt, the girls mother raised an eyebrow but didnt say anything. I felt a hand on my shoulder and looked up to see Richard smiling at me softly which gave me renewed strength. I steeled my nerves and