Well now, Howdy everyone, its been a while since we've had a good look at this particular version of Harry and Hermione hasn't it? I promised I had a sequel in mind, and I did then and still do. Real life up to this point has prevented me from working on it. If you all have read my other story, A Different War, you'd know why, my home was flooded in June, day before my birthday actually, and my family and I had to pretty much start over with the clothes on our back. But I'm about back on my feet now, and finally feel that stirring, that desire to write tales and tell stories, so here we are. I won't hold you all up any longer, lets get things started. Prologue: Boring is Overrated Its always slow in the beginning. Those first few heart beats, those first couple of breaths. The release on the fog that blanketed my mind. I opened my eyes, blinking away the blurriness and took my first deep breath in several decades. It was freezing, ice crystals had formed on my eyelashes. I sat up stiffly, yawning from such a long rest and spoke in a cracked voice. "Activate warming charms please." I heard a faint chime echoing and instantly felt the room around me begin to warm. I rubbed my arms with my hands, frowning as the metallic one was still cold. Next to me, a beautiful, curly haired brunette stirred. She stretched like a cat and blinked up owlishly at me. I smiled down at her. "We're here." The change was nearly instant. I laughed as she sat bolt up in our bed, the sheet pooling in her naked lap. Mirth danced in my eyes at seeing that old excitement, and old thirst for knowledge and learning. She climbed over top of me, heading for a small bathroom located in our quarters aboard the ship. He cast a look at me over her shoulder and grinned. "What are you waiting for Mr. Potter? We have lots to do." I grinned and stood up before following her inside. Hermione's tender care did more to wake me up and any hot shower ever could, both us us reentered out room, hair damp with silly grins plastered on our faces, gods above I loved this woman. We made out way through the ship, periodically checking that our samples of plant and animal life were still properly in stasis. Our human cargo was progressing nicely. A small trickle of knowledge and power had been dripping into them all at a snail's pace over the last few hundred years, and as we made our final approach, they were all nearly ready. Hermione and I had been waking up in twenty year intervals. We'd spend a year awake on the ship, making sure everything was in proper order and working fine, before returning to rest. The stasis charms, carefully crafted over the course of ten years, prevented any form of noticeable aging. Truth be told the charms were really for the passengers, I wasn't entirely convinced Hermione and I aged properly anymore. We sat down in the pilot seats, a funny name considered ninety nine percent of the ships features were designed to run automatically. With the flick of a few rune powered switches, the blank curved wall in front of us lit up with an amazing view of space. A reddish orange hue painted the inside of the cockpit, the star of this particular system was smaller than our own, newer, with more power and energy. As we approached this younger solar system, our ship had taken detailed photos of the planets and moons, as many as it could based off of our course. A small scale replica was displayed before us. Seven planets, three rocky worlds and four gas giants. The first world was so close to the sun it leeched a vapor trail of debris, creating a sort of odd wobbly ring. The next two were both located in the Goldilocks zone, practically next door neighbors on the cosmic scale. The second one would mark our home, I felt my breath catch in my throat at the sight of it. Massive chunks of land, covered in interesting greens with red spots near their center, were divided by massive elongated oceans, almost looking like big giant rivers from our view. The opposite side of the planet, where night would be, was covered almost entirely in water, with small islands dotting it throughout. I say small, but this world was eight percent larger than Earth, so I imagined everything would be a bit bigger than it seemed. Two moons orbited the planet, one close and another farther away, being pulled out by our new world's 'sister planet.' I paid the gas giants little mind, they were so far off you'd need a powerful telescope to even catch a glimpse of them. "Its beautiful." I smiled and looked over at her, like usual, she wasn't wrong. I flipped a few more switches, checking on the progress of our human cargo. "Looks like they'll be ready to wake up in about a year's time, well, an Earth year anyway. You couldn't have timed that better Mione." She grinned wolfishly. "I wanted to make sure we had time to look for a safe place to start a colony, we know nothing about this world, other than it obviously can support life. This will give us a chance to explore, look for the best place to set up shop so to speak." I laughed, "I think you just wanted all this newness to yourself for a while, a chance to learn things before anyone else." A pink tinge touched her cheeks. "No, if that was true, you'd still be sleeping." I laughed again and shook my head. "Let's check on our little landing boat, It'll be a few hours still before he can set the ship in a stable orbit around the planet. What are we going to call it?" A crease formed between her eyes as she frowned in concentration. "I thought about naming it Fae, if you thought that was alright." I grinned at her. "I Think that will do just fine." My mind briefly cast back to Earth, a floating dead rock at this point. It hadn't been in good shape when we left, and that was centuries ago. I shook myself out of the memories, it wouldn't happen this time. The two of us disembarked from the head of the ship and headed in the opposite direction. The initial landing ship was an ugly thing, boxy and a boorish yellow color. But it had its purpose. If everything went according to plan, the vehicle would expand into a full size, albeit small house. And of course with a little elbow grease and the liberal application of expansion charms, anything was possible. We went through the entire landing procedure twice, a process that alone takes nearly four hours. I loved Hermione, I truly did, but sometimes I've found her to be a bit… extra thorough. At any rate by the time we were finished, we'd gotten close enough to Fae's surface to set a stable orbit. The first view of the surface this close up was mind boggling. It looked like huge mountain ranges, with a massive ancient jungle growing along the spines. Radically different weather systems roared on either side. Something akin to a sand storm to the south, and a tsunami formed to the north of the massive mountain range. Long swirling oceans stretched the entire surface of the world, with many islands and isle chains dotted throughout. We were still to far away to see anything like distinct plant and animal life, but the whole world looked alive. The massive mountain range seemed to set on a plateau of sorts that ran across the surface of the world like a bad stitch. The forest that covered it was a darker green than any other plants we could see. The world looked held together with magic, a crazy grin stretched across my features. I looked at Hermione. "Do you see this insanity?" I laughed softly, I felt an old curiosity itching at my blood, exploration of the unknown. I could see it on Hermione's face. She was dying to get down there. "Magic is much stronger here than back home. Its this world's life blood more than anything else. The double moons have also protected it, and I'm sure done some crazy things as well. Imagine harvesting wolfs bane's under the effect of a double full moon?" A grin split her features. "What could live on a world this? What does live on a world like this? Can you imagine?" "I could, but I think I'd rather go have a look for myself." She stood and stretched again before heading out the door. She turned to look at me. "Come one, we've got to go pack, lots to do Mr. Potter." I shouldn't have been surprised. Laughing, I stood up and left, heading off to pack up the few things that weren't already in the landing ship. 2. I felt a bolt of nervousness reach in and tickle my bones. My heart was pumping, really hammering home like I was in a fight. I could feel the manic grin stretching my features, crinkling the scars across my cheek. I glanced left at the crazy beautiful, time traveling planet hopping woman next to me and laughed, I couldn't help it. She quirked an eyebrow and smiled at me. "Something funny Mr. Potter?" I kept laughing for a moment, flipping a few of the switches and feeling the magical engine hum beneath me. "Just our lives. Crazy doesn't even begin to cover it." She laughed a little too at that. "As long as I don't wake up in a padded room every time I open my eyes, I consider it a good day." My laughter softened into a smile. "I'd come visit, hell maybe we could get adjoining rooms?" The controls hummed and buzzed, coming alive for the first time in several decades. We'd test flown the craft several times back on earth, it wasn't the prettiest thing, basically an angular box with a coned nose. Thanks to a bit of magic under the hood it purred like a kitten though. Hermione finished her part of the start up, still laughing at me, and before I realized it the little landing ship was hovering patiently in place. 'Mione had an interesting idea on how to get our little landing vehicle out of the main ship. Short distance portkeys. The station had large hanger doors that could be opened, when we brought everyone else down in a few months we'd use those doors to move most of everything outside. In the mean time our landing ship would work as a short distance portkey, taking us from within the ship to directly outside of it, in open space. The portkey wasn't blind exactly, but it didn't have a set destination, only distance. In a nut shell we pointed the ship toward our new home and crossed our fingers. I saw Hermione squeeze her eyes shut at the last minute before the strangest shifting feeling came over me. Riding in a giant portkey wasn't anything like holding one for the trip. In no time at all we reappeared outside of our craft, barely bobbing from the trip. "You can open your eyes now." I heard her gasp from the sight of Fae. Viewing it over screens and photos is all well and good, but it simply cant capture the craziness of the world like your own eyes can. The Swirling storm formations grew closer and in higher detail as we approached the planet, creating intricate swirling patterns, similar to Earth's but more… primal in appearance. A huge grin had split my face some time ago, and didn't seem like it was going