Hey! I have written fanfiction before, on other accounts, but am new to writing any Harry Potter fanfiction - after the release of The Cursed Child and Fantastic Beasts, my love for Harry Potter has been rekindled. I am planning on writing a multi-chapter fiction, but I want to know whether people would read it. If you could read though this first chapter and let me know what you think of the pacing, wording, grammar, etc. etc. "Bloody hell! Watch where you're going!" Stumbling back a few steps, his natural reaction to anything nowadays, he looked up, finding himself straining his neck to look at a giant - fierce ginger hair shaped in a scruffy, unfashionable bowl-cut, falling across his forehead, orange freckles littered across his cheeks and long, pointed nose, piercing blue eyes staring, from a height, down at the young boy; he must have been at least 2 metres tall! He was thin, but not unhealthily, just very gangly, like Rob from back on the estate, and he had huge hands. The giant wore thick black robes that fell to the floor, and a uniform underneath them - a scruffy black pullover, with scarlet and gold trimming, grey trousers, humongous black boots, with scuffed toes, a not-so-pure white shirt and a wrangled tie - the uniform made the giant seem like a teacher, and even if he wasn't, he was definitely older than him. "I'm really sorry, sir - I was looking for the toilets. You don't happen to know where they are, do you, sir?" he asked, almost as quietly as a mouse, wobbling, and, almost falling when the train hit a knot on the track. "You don't need to call me sir. If you head to the end of the carriage, there should be one. You'd better change into your robes; we'll be arriving soon," the giant said, looking out of the window at the countryside view. Turning his head to see what the giant was looking at, he saw rolling hills, going on for miles, a line of trees on the horizon, the sun beginning to set behind them, causing the sky to turn a red, purple-blue sort of colour. So this is what the countryside was like - he hadn't seen much more than the grimy streets, covered in rubbish, of his estate, a number of homeless people more than frequently sitting on the street corners. There was once somewhere nicer from when he was younger, but, unfortunately, he couldn't remember what it looked like at all - after all, how could he remember somewhere from when he was really young, when he had lived in the dirt for over half his life? He then realised something - robes - he had none any of them, any of his school supplies; not only did he not have any of his school supplies, though, he also had nothing more than what he was wearing, as well as a small bag with a single set of spare clothes, his mother's wand, a book he had found and an anchor on a chain that his mother had given him. Father swore that he was never going to involve himself with wizard freaks, so said his 'goodbye' in the car park of Swansea train station at 9:30 pm (which in fairness, meant that his Father ended up missing the match, which he had watched every Saturday since he was 11, which consequently meant he was in a very poor mood when he dropped Will off at the train station), handing him his belated wife's old wand along with some train tickets, speeding off, leaving the eleven-year-old to navigate the trains himself at night - the boy hadn't slept for two days precedently, but still, despite how much his eyelids protested, ended up staying up the whole night, in fear of missing his stop - father would have been terribly angry at him. Even when he was on the train to Hogwarts, he tried to stay awake - he was surrounded by hundreds of people he hadn't previously met; he wasn't risking anything, not to mention the possibility of everyone finding out about his nightmares? He'd be the joke of the school before the first day! As a result of this lack of sleep, he was walking around like a zombie, huge bags under his eyes, not a great deal of what was going on making sense to his sleep-deprived state. The trains were quite a task considering he had never been on a train ahead of the occasion. Firstly, he was expected to be able to change over three times just to find King's Cross, and secondly, was then left in the dark on how to actually find the platform - no one had given him any information to where blooming platform 9¾ was, and the train guard thought he was messing around when Will asked him - he only figured it out when he saw a group of ginger haired people with trunks, animals, and what have you, heading to platform 9. Knowing he had none of what it said in the letter, as well as having no idea what he was doing, he ran through the wall, which was undeniably interesting, and made his way onto the train, praying he wouldn't be told off for his lack of preparation for the beginning of the school year. "I don't have any, sir," he said in a whisper, hoping he wouldn't be shouted at by the ginger giant for being unprepared. "You don't have any robes?" he asked, making a confused face at the younger boy, which made the small boy incredibly nervous, causing his heart rate to increase ever more, even though it had already been beating faster than Usain Bolt. "Father never brought me any, sir. Said he'd have nothing to do with this, sir." "You honestly don't need to call me sir," the giant said. "I'm sorry, sir." The giant sighed, shaking his head. "What about your mother?" "Dead, sir." "Oh. I'm sorry...what's your name?" "William, sir." "Well, Will. Can I call you that?" Will nodded his head. "Why don't you come with me - you can have a set of my robes - I'll shrink them down for you." "I couldn't." "Sure you could, and then I can owl my mother, see if she can buy you some school supplies. Does that sound like a plan?" "Okay…" Will said, trailing off - he wasn't even aware of the man's name, but was still following him. All of his senses were telling him to run off - his heart was racing like the train they were currently on, his palms were all sweaty, as if he had just put them under a tap, his breathing was irregular as well as being somewhat loud, but contradicting his natural flight response, he followed the giant - wasn't like the giant could do anything while they were on the train. Will was practically running to keep up with this man, with his incredibly long legs, striding down the train corridor as if he were on a mission. He suddenly stopped, meaning Will was forced to use all his power not to run into the back of the giant, but still managed to trip into him anyway, ending up landing on his backside. Shuffling away, he began mentally questioning what would happen next, scared of what would happen for accidentally running into the giant. "I'm sorry, sir; I didn't mean to hurt you." The giant turned around, and Will half expected the muscular man to give him a shiner, but he alas. Contrarily, he bent down, saying that he didn't need to apologise. The giant stood back up, opening the door to a compartment similar to his own, but as an alternative to his own compartment, where there was no one else inside, there were two other giants, a boy and a girl, in the same black, gold, and scarlet uniform as the original giant. The boy had scruffy jet black hair, bright green eyes, the colour not being fazed by the thick, wire glasses that sat on his, like the other giant's, long, pointed nose - although his nose was not nearly as pointy as the ginger giant's nose. He also had a lightning bolt scar, which he thought was peculiar - what on Earth would cause a scar to be the shape of a lightning bolt - he had had his fair share but none of them had been cool, like this giant's scar seemed to be. He was also very short, compared to the other two, and was even thinner than the ginger giant, almost to the same scale that Will was. The girl, on the other hand, seemed to be a bit taller than the other two, but not by much, and had a little bit more weight on her - by no means was she fat (she was anything but), but she looked like she had three square meals a day, compared to the other two. She had bushy brown hair that fell down just past her shoulders, and dark brown eyes. After observing the other two, Will sheepishly stood up, standing behind the ginger giant. "Harry, could you pass me my trunk, please," the giant said. "Yeah, sure Ron," the giant, whom Will decided was Harry, said. Harry stood up, reaching to grab the trunk from on top of the luggage rack. "Who's that, behind you?" the girl said, as Ron took the trunk from Harry, putting on the corridor floor, opening it up, meaning no one could pass. Standing there, almost cowering behind Ron, was a boy who honestly looked about eight years old - he was about 4" something, looking about the same weight as a small bag of sugar with arms, no bigger than twigs - he had a mop of black hair covering most of his hollow face (which he would occasionally push his hair back behind his ears, only for it to fall forward once more). When his hair was pushed back, two large, icy blue eyes appeared, with rather large bags underneath them, a large scar on his forehead, near his hairline, was visible, as was a scar on his chin. A grey plain t-shirt that was about three sizes the wrong size hung loosely off of his small frame, tucked into a pair of black trousers that were the same, having to be rolled up to stop him tripping up, as well as having to be held up with a blood red belt, which showed how small he was even more "This is Will; he doesn't have any robes so I said I'd give him mine," Ron explained. "Have you seen the height difference, Ronald? They'll be twice the size of him!" the girl said. "'Mione - I can do magic; I'll shrink them down for him." "You sure about that?" Harry said, laughing to himself "I'm not that bad at magic, but you can do it if you insist." Picking up his robes, Ron told Will to put them on over his clothes. As Hermione predicted they hung off him, the sleeves almost reaching the floor. After Ron whispered a few words , the clothes began to shrink, fitting Will a great deal better. "Harry, he's smaller than you were," Hermione said, forgetting that Will was standing there. "What about the house logo?" Harry asked. "What if he isn't put into Gryffindor?" "I don't know - Hermione, any tricks?" Ron said, turning to the girl. "A disappearing spell on the logo, as well as the house colours," the girl suggested. "Okay, then," the ginger giant said, whispering a few words, pointing his wand at Will, making all the logos disappear. "So you can do magic," Harry said, Ron giving him an evil stare. "What do you want, sir?" Will asked, looking back at Ron. "What do you mean?" "How much do you want me to