© in a little house by the sea The Hunger Games belongs to Suzanne Collins Peetato A cool, misting rain fell, which was not unusual for September in District 2, a city geographically north of certain parts of the Capitol and in the bosom of Mother Nature. Despite the chilly weather, Peeta Mellark was walking. He could have called for a taxi, but after jerking into awake by nightmares in the early morning, he preferred the open air and to be left alone. Wearing a black long coat, he passed a fancy hotel which mainly built from glasses, man-made lake that had fountains spraying jets of water in the middle, a warm-looking coffee shop where he could see a young, happy couple had taken residency in. Young love , Peeta thought bitterly. He arrived at the florist and wiped his boots on a thatched mat that read WELCOME. Noticing a small camera above the doorframe, he instinctively brushed his ashen blonde hair off his forehead, and looked into the lens. After a minute with no response, he let himself in. The warmth of the florist was almost smothering. Unlike other shops, this shop kept a simple look. Its walls were paneled in glass to allow the sunlight streaming in. Rows of various flowers had claimed almost every space in the shop. A cluttered counter with bouquets of flowers held a welcome sign. "Ah, Peeta. Welcome, welcome, welcome!" The florist, a tall woman with pale skin, pink eyeliners, red lips, and vibrant green hair cascading down her shoulders, stood with her lips curling into a wide smile. She appeared to be in her late thirties. "Come to buy flowers again?" she asked in her thick Capitol accent. It was a ridiculous question with an obvious answer. Peeta gave her a thin-lipped smile, having no heart to scoff at her. Had Cato been there, he would've rolled his eyes with arms crossed over his broad chest, and thrown a snarky comment. The smile almost slipped off of his lips. No, no. Cato wasn't here with him. No, no. "You alright, Peeta boy?" Peeta snapped open his eyes wider to the florist who had her hand landing on his right shoulder with a flicker of concern in her brown eyes. Right, he was in the shop. Peeta collected himself and took her hand in his, offering her a tiny smile. "I'm fine. Thanks though." "You sure?" "Never been so sure before," he said. There was a beat of silence. From her pinched look, Peeta knew he hadn't convinced her, but now it didn't matter because there was no word could describe how far from fine he was. His sanity was beginning to slip away every time he woke up to a cold, vacant space on the other side of the bed, and if he was being completely honest to himself, he was surprised how well he was holding by far and kept the strong façade judging by the times he had shrunk in the corner alone whenever the nightmares invaded his sleep. "Oh well, I've made a special bouquet for you two today," she said as she swung on her high-heel towards the counter. Peeta fell into her clicking steps, ignoring the ache in his chest at her mentioning 'you two'. Her finger danced in the air while she considered each bouquet under her breath. "Ah, found you." She picked up one of the bouquet, a small one, and handed it to him. Peeta blinked at the white bouquet in his cradle. He noticed they were actually consist of small-lobed flowers. "What are these?" "Incorporating of lily of the valley, sweet william and hyacinth," she told him. "Each of them conveys their own hidden message. Like sweet william here, it means courage. Hyacinth means constancy of love, and lily of the valley return of happiness. They'll pray for your happiness, my dear Peeta, " she explained with a soft smile, her tone gentle as if she, too, was whispering a prayer for his happiness. For Peeta's happiness. For Cato. Peeta stared at her, mouth hanging open a little, then at the bouquet. "I..." his voice trailed off as he thought of Cato in his hospital bed, of his loneliness he'd endured, of her kindness she offered to him since he first had stepped into this shop six months ago. He bit down on his bottom lip, hard. "...thank you," he managed, holding the bouquet tightly to his chest, a fraction beneath snapping it. "Welcome, my dear. We both know you boys need this." Peeta swallowed thickly to clear the lump from his throat. Was it too obvious? He knew he'd shut people out to find solace in his isolation (poor, poor Clove) in sporadic occurrence, whenever the depression came crashing in, but he never broadcasted it to this sweet, sweet lady. —he thought. "Don't worry, my dear Peeta. Everything will be alright," she assured him with a pat on his shoulder. His chest hurt but Peeta let his lips curl into a smile, his eyes relax without any wrinkles, cracking a genuine smile like he'd done this million times that he was able to dip into it as he desired in spite of the turmoil of emotions inside of him. After the transaction, Peeta left the shop with the bouquet. He tried carrying it one-handed, but that felt too casual. He clasped it to his chest, arms crossed, the way a child carries a book bag. He walked this way for half a mile through the street, his heels splashing through rainwater. When he came upon a bench in front of the post office, he sat down, still cradling the bouquet. The rain was still pouring. It was getting heavier for each passing seconds. More people flocked into the nearest buildings, but not the post office since it offered so little protection, so he was alone. He watched the hovering grey clouds in the skies. His coat was drenched and he was shivering in cold. He hugged himself to seek warmth and closed his eyes. He imagined Cato nudging against him with a familiar smirk on his face, his blue eyes to him, before wrapping his massive arms around him, his muscular body towering over him as Cato nested his chin on top of his head, whispering silly Loverboy in his deep voice. My silly Loverboy. But, no, Cato wasn't with him. There was no Cato, no whisper. There was only the bouquet and cold. He was all alone. Peeta sat on that bench for a long while, a lonely, shivering boy with flowers of hope, waiting for the rain to stop. ...-...-... Peeta stared out at the bleak hospital parking lot from a small window for the hundredth time, wishing he could see something new, some sign of hope beckoning from an invisible horizon. Instead, all he could see was fading light over cars and concrete in the still pouring rain. It seemed to be fading inside too, temporarily softening the usually sterile setting in which Cato now slept. He turned towards Cato's bed. Cato was breathing quietly, the oxygen mask whooshing in the silence while the droning beeps kept trickling. Cato seemed to be comfortable, as though trying not to disturb the peace, maintaining a gentle dignity opposing his boisterous, arrogant nature. Peeta went to the table to replace the flowers in the transparent vase with the bouquet he brought along. The daffodils were sagged against the vase, its leaves and petals ranging from white to brown, an evident of being left alone without proper care. An evident that no one longer cared about them, about saying anything to support them as the time passed, and like the light in that room, they simply faded away. He finished replacing the flowers and tossed the wilted daffodils into the bin. Peeta pulled up a chair and sat in it. He stared at Cato's serene look, the scars on his face gradually fading into the skin gradients, as if the Capitol tried to erase any evidence from the Hunger Games. He wondered if the huge gash on the back of Cato's head had fully healed. Clove walked briskly into the room until she was at the bedside, by his side, stirring up the silence with her harshness and pounding boots. She had a scowl on her small face, her hair pulled up into ponytail, and was dressed in the fitting Academy uniform underneath the black, loose hoodie jacket. "Hey, the boy with the bread," she greeted him, her tone sharp. Peeta smiled at the nickname. He got the nickname from helping his parents running their bakery. The nickname gave warmness in her voice despite the tone and look. "Hello to you too, Clove." "How's the big guy?" she asked, folding her arms over her chest, her brown eyes to Cato. "Still asleep." A silence settled over the room, occasionally broken by the beeping sound. She spoke again. "Don't you think he's slept for way too long?" "He can't help it." Clove snorted. "He promised to be my mentor when he won the game. I wanna volunteer for the next game, and I believe he has a promise to keep." "Clove, he can't help this." "He must become my mentor. I won't accept Enobaria or Brutus. It must be Cato ," she emphasized. "He must wake up now!" "Clove, he can't just wake up and teach you stuff. It's not that easy." "Bullshit!" she snarled, fisting her hands to her sides. "Don't fucking gimme that 'he can't help it' and shit! I know Cato! Hell, I've been stuck with him since forever! He won't let this stupid brain injury to stop him! He's too arrogant—" "—he'll wake up, someday," he assured her. "I promise you." She was upset, Peeta got that. Clove and Cato had been sharing a platonic relationship since they were young before going to the same schools; Clove being two years younger, and Cato had grown slightly protective of her and constantly looming over her in her life, so he knew Cato held a brother figure in Clove's eyes. "Don't lie to me!" she screamed. "Stop lying to me! Stop lying to yourself! Just stop this stupid drama! Why?! I don't get it. How can you be so fucking calm about this?! He's been sleeping since forever—" "—six months." "—I don't fucking care about that! The point is you - we both - have suffered for far too long, and he's there, just sleeping peacefully, not giving a single fuck about us and—!" Right then, Peeta held her in his embrace. Clove was struggling to break free, yelling against his chest, punching at his arms, but Peeta wasn't going to let her go, not when he felt his shoulder wet, not when he felt Clove so small and fragile in his arms, opposite of the tough Clove she often displayed in the public. At last, what he felt like forever, the tantrums finally stopped, and it left her sobbing, her small, dainty hands which often clutched knives, now bracing on his much larger shoulder blades, her face in his chest, her breathing fast and shallow, and Peeta let the silence take over the room, his eyes glued to the man who he thought, was responsible for their miserable life. Just a broken moment, he allowed sadness crushing over them. "Do you love him?" she asked, her words muffled into his chest. "Hm?" "Cato. Do you love Cato?" "Now that's a silly question," Peeta let out a laugh, but it sounded hollow even to his ears. "Of course, I do. Even though his arrogance always gets on my nerves, I still love him." "Then, how do you do it?" "Pardon me?" Peeta was baffled. "How can you be so calm about this? How do you so easily forgive him after making you suffer?" Peeta pulled away from the hug. "Clove, he hasn't done anything wrong. There's nothing to be forgiven." "You can