Hi everyone! Fleurmione is my all-time favourite ship. I just can't enough of it and at times wishing that JK Rowling would write a book specifically dedicated to Fleurmione. I've always wanted to write one Fleurmione fic to contribute to the fandom but never had the idea on what to write. A couple of nights back I felt compelled to write and just had this idea that made me feel like my brains were going to burst. I've found my muse. So here's my take on a Fleur/Hermione pairing, one that's been filling my mind constantly for the past few days. I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoy writing it. All comments and reviews are welcome. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and I'm writing this purely for personal enjoyment, not for profit. Like most things, it started at the most unexpected time. There she was, enjoying her shepherd pie amongst her group of trusted friends, thinking that the age of peace had come at last. She was a proven fighter, a decorated warrior, a hardened soldier; yet the assault came, silently but surely, attacking her at her weakest spot. It was a crescendo of pain, of cruel whisperings and harsh words, of cold laughter and despaired cries. But the worst were the unknown screaming, faceless voices of the innocents who were begging, pleading, asking for mercy, asking for help. Her help. She heard newborn babies crying to reach out to her, their mothers' wails desperate for her to end their suffering. She heard children begging her to tell them where their parents were, that they were hungry, tired, and cold. She heard things she never wanted to hear, yet was unable to see any of it happening. Because it was all in her mind. Hermione Granger, part of the Golden Trio, heroine of the Wizarding War, recipient of Order of Merlin First Class, most brilliant witch of her age, was broken. When she awoke in St. Mungo's after fainting from the first assault, she was informed, gently, with her closest friends by her side to support her, that she was just stressed out. Over thinking things. She went home, unconvinced, but wisely kept her mouth shut. After all, the Healers might be right – the war did take a toll on everyone, herself not excepted. But the assaults still came, thought infrequently and for a short time at first. Hermione would just pass it off as migraine, and concerned friends would come up with a list of things to combat it: a change of diet, different types of exercises, and even dragging her to countless hours of Quidditch matches (bless Harry, Ron, and Ginny for their stellar efforts) to the point she'd wish for the assault to come during those blasted matches just so that she could add a new magical medical disease – Quidditch Allergy. Alas, the stars were not on her side and thus Hermione still had to endure watching a game she barely understood. As time went by, the assaults came at alarming frequency to the point Hermione got used to it and could stand an hour's worth of assaults before she started perspiring and showing signs of pain. She searched for clues but nobody and nothing could tell her (or perhaps they did not want to tell her, she thought darkly) what ailed her. Her health, aside from her bouts of 'migraine', seemed fine. She was not in a life-threatening condition. Her brains were still in great shape too. Once, during Harry's twenty-first birthday party, the assault came. She was laughing and chatting with Ginny, Harry, Charlie, and Neville. When Hermione opened her eyes after a minute of closing them and endured a faceless maniacal laughter, her heart nearly dropped to the floor. The downside of being brave was having a hard time to conceal one's emotions, and Gryffindors were famed to be wearing their hearts on their sleeves. Hermione saw pity and concern in her friends' eyes. Not the kind of concern one would want from one's friends, but the kind of concern that said I-think-she-is-getting-insane-like-that-deranged-Bellatrix. This was not what she wanted. She excused herself to the bathroom and, upon return, overheard her friends debating on the best way to persuade her to see a mind Healer (and take up permanent residence in St. Mungo's, more likely). Fear gripped her heart but Hermione steeled herself and rejoined the party with a relaxed face, as if nothing had happened. For the rest of the evening, she kept on visualizing how Draco Malfoy acted like nothing of importance was happening even when the situation was horrible. She bet Malfoy would die of glee and happiness if he was to ever know that. A month later, Hermione had sold off her childhood home (she decided not to intrude upon her parents' life after the war but that's another story), resigned from the Department of Magical Law Enforcement at the Ministry, cancelled all her subscriptions, withdrew all her money from Gringgotts (the goblins seemed happy to see her leave – they still held a grudge), broke up with Ron, and moved away with the excuse of 'I need time and space to myself after the breakup'. Understandably, her friends were shocked but she had disappeared before any of them could stop her. With the proceeds from the house, rewards from the Ministry for her part in the war, and savings from when she was working, Hermione bought a small lake in Wales and built a small house there. She erected all the magical barriers that she knew to ward off strangers, visitors, and the adventurous hikers. She took the idea from Grimmauld Place, making the place unplottable. The only way another person could set foot in the place was if Hermione herself physically brought the person. Writing the address on a piece of paper would not suffice. She built a small jetty at the lake and constructed a rudimentary raft. Sometimes, when nothing else helped, she'd row the raft to the middle of the silent lake and lie there, staring at the brilliant blue sky until the pounding subsided. Had she known that a poorly-constructed raft in the middle of a small, deserted lake somewhere in Wales would do the trick, Hermione would not have done the things she did to numb the pain: various muggle and wizarding illegal substances, taking different lovers to bed nearly every night (fortunately she was not sharing a place with Ron, so he never knew), watching illegal sports (underground boxing, cock fighting), and even yoga. Wait, she did not mind the yoga – it helped her to keep fit. The alarm's blares sounded throughout the property, pulling Hermione away from her thoughts. She groaned and swore. She chuckled immediately after, imagining the shocked faces of people if they heard her swear like a sailor. The Hermione that entered Hogwarts when she was eleven was not the Hermione that helped brought down Voldemort, saved the world, and being constantly barraged by faceless, unknown voices. The former Hermione strived to score perfect marks. The latter only wanted silence and peace, nothing more. Hermione got to her feet and started rowing back to the jetty, cursing herself for leaving her wand in the house, next to the alarm clock itself, of all places. But her three hours ago self was adamant to row the raft without any magical means and did not want to be reminded of anything magical. The wizarding world destroyed her. Magic made her this way. She was unable to return to the muggle life without risking stalkers and admirers who'd be convinced that she was better off being a public figure in the wizarding world, playing a happy and smiling persona, preferably hitched to one of the war heroes as well. The lake was her safety, her refuge. Her personal hell where only she and her unknown demons existed. Hermione secured the raft to the jetty and ran inside her house, grumbling about being deafened by the blasted alarm clock. She killed it and the lake was silent once more. Breathing a sigh of relief, she sat on the edge of her bed, contemplating whether she should keep her promise or returned to the middle of the lake where serenity beckoned. Staring at the moving hand of the clock, she decided it would be a waste to not wear the new dress she bought for this occasion. A year after disappearing, Hermione knocked on the doors of Grimmauld Place, a chocolate cake in hand, nervously waiting. A surprised Ginny answered the door and jumped at her, squeezing her to death. The cake survived. So did Hermione. That night, Harry, Ginny, and Hermione had dinner at Grimmauld Place, chatting as if time never passed. "So where have you been all these time? We're so worried about you – our owls kept on returning without managing to even reach you," Ginny looked slightly hurt. She refilled Hermione's glass of wine. "I'm sorry about that, I didn't mean to worry any of you," Hermione replied gently, a cover story at the ready. "I was trying to figure out what it was I wanted in life. I mean, I just broke up with someone whom I thought I would be with forever, but when I realized I had no more feelings for him, it was… unreal. It was weird. Strange. Difficult. Suddenly I felt suffocated for no reason and I had the urge to get away somewhere quiet. So I stayed for a bit at this lovely beach in Spain and uh… before I continue, both of you must swear secrecy. The only reason why I appear now after a year is because I got the clearance to do so." Harry and Ginny shared a glance. "What's going on?" Ginny asked, a worried look in her eyes. "You must swear it first," insisted Hermione. "I swear it, because I trust you, 'Mione. You saved me countless times. So whatever it is you'll be telling me, I swear I won't tell anyone else," Harry said quietly. Hermione gave him a grateful smile. "It's not that I don't trust you, but I'm just worried for you. But I swear to keep quiet and I also swear if anyone hurts you I'll hex them to oblivion." Hermione gave Ginny a quick hug, glad to see the fiery protectiveness of the girl had not sizzled out. "Well, to make a long story short, I'm working for a government as a secret agent," Hermione said in a low voice, causing both her friends to inched nearer. "I'm unable to tell you much, because I'm holding quite a high position and I'm involved in many high-profile cases. I've been busy doing… things. Official things. Which is why I haven't been able to visit and why none of you were able to reach me." "Are you some sort of Unspeakable?" asked the redhead. "Sort of, but a mixture of that and an Auror." Harry smiled. "I can imagine how workaholic you're becoming." "Hey! I'm just busy!" Hermione swatted Harry's arm. They laughed. It was good to laugh together again. Especially when her mind was not assaulted. Throughout the night the laughed and chatted, happy to be together again. As Hermione took her leave, both her friends promised to keep quiet about her job and would support her if their other friends started to be nosy. Hermione felt only a tiny little bit of guilt for telling them such absurd lies but was convinced they did not need to know the truth. None of her friends deserved the truth. Hermione did not want to see that look in their eyes anymore. Since then, Hermione dropped by at Grimmauld Place as irregularly as she could. She never mentioned about the rest of their friends, and they never brought up the subject. Somehow, both Ginny and Harry understood to just let Hermione do things at her own pace. Hermione admired