Full Summary : REPOST After running away from hovering parents, Zoë Brown finds out things from her favorite book are real, when she is attacked by a monster and brought to CBH by Percy and Annabeth's son, Beck, his cute best friend, and Jason and Pipers annoying daughter. But not everything is great as it should've been. Beck believes Zoë is his long lost twin sister, the whole Camp doesn't trust her including her role model, Percy, who isn't with his love Annabeth anymore, and a mysterious evil wants her dead. Zoë is forced to realize that not everything is like the books at all… Ω Chapter 1: I Get Kidnapped, then Kidnapped Again Ω Fourteen years and 364 days ago... "Percy." "I have to call an ambulance!" "Percy." "Or I can just drive you, but I'm nervous and I don't want to kill us on the way!" "Percy." "And gods, okay, your bag is already in the car for emergencies. Any contractions yet?" "Percy." "Are you sweating? I'm sweating." "Percy." "Do you want to change? Oh my Gods, where are my keys?" "Perseus." "And I have to call your doctor, and—Perseus?" Percy stopped his pacing around and stared at his fiancé of five months in confusion. Annabeth Chase stood with her hands resting against her swollen stomach. She already changed out of her pajamas into a maternity dress and a light jacket for the fresh May weather. Percy was in a sweatshirt and boxers. "The contractions haven't begun yet, so relax," she told him. Her smile was so bright that he couldn't help but listen and relax his shoulders. "You're awesome. You should be the one freaking out, yet you're calming me down," he replied, taking her hand in his. "That's what I'm here for," she kissed his lips. "To keep you in check. Someone has to make sure you don't die everyday." Percy laughed. He pulled Annabeth towards him and kissed her, just a bit longer, before she pulled away. Percy led her down the stairs of their apartment to take them to his car. It was a Range Rover and Percy was proud of it. At first his father tried to magically buy him a car, but Percy wanted to do it himself. He can't get everything from his dad, even if he was a god. His life had been pretty messed up with the Gods in it, so the least he was allowed to do was get it together without them. Yet again, without his godly side, there would be no Annabeth. Percy opened to the door to his car and helped Annabeth sit down. Annabeth thanked him and he quickly got into the car. She watched Percy bemusedly, when he fumbled with his keys. Percy huffed and started up the car, speeding away towards the nearest hospital. They resided in Manhattan, so Annabeth could be close to Olympus and Percy could be close to his mother. Camp Half-Blood was only about three to four hours away, give or take the traffic. Percy made a mental note to IM all of their family and friends about Annabeth being in labor. Annabeth groaned and breathed in and out quickly, "Contractions starting now." She bit down on her seat belt. "It'll be alright, Wise Girl." He told her. Annabeth nodded after the pain passed and rubbed her stomach. "Glad there is no traffic," she wheezed. "It's three in the morning on a Tuesday." Percy shrugged slowing down the car as they pulled up to Urgent Care. Percy hopped out the car and he carried Annabeth all the way inside. "I can walk still, Seaweed Bra-gahh!" Annabeth groaned from another contraction. "Psh, yeah. Okay." He replied sarcastically. Percy walked in and all eyes shifted towards him. He rushed over to a desk, since no one had come to his aid. "Can I have some help over here! My fiancé is in labor!" "Take her to room 122 and Doctor will be with you shortly." She quickly pushed over a wheelchair and Percy's settled Annabeth into it. The nurse also handed her a patient gown. "Thank-you," Annabeth groaned. The nurse nodded. "My pleasure. Congratulations miss." Percy wheeled Annabeth into the room. Annabeth leaned back in the wheelchair as she moaned in pain again. "They are getting closer together!" She sighed when it was over. Her eyes was tired. She didn't expect to wake up at three A.M. when she went to bed. She wanted to just cuddle with her fiancé to enjoy her day off. Percy took her to a spa earlier and it was amazing, especially after being under so much stress and anticipation of the baby. Now, she felt tense again and nervous. They were about to be parents. They had things prepared already. They bought clothes, the cribs, baby formula, everything they needed. They were ready. Just nervously ready. After he helped Annabeth change into the gown, he lifted her up to set her down on the bed. "Thanks," she said to him. Percy kissed her forehead in reply. He pulled out his cell phone and took a picture of Annabeth. Annabeth covered her face with her hands. "No! No pictures, I look horrible!" She pouted. Percy snapped a picture of her anyway. "You look beautiful, as always," he said. Percy started sending the picture in a mass message. He turned back to Annabeth with a smile she returned. Squeezing her hand he whispered with excitement, "Let's have our children." Ω Sally Jackson was sitting in her desk chair, battling writers block. Paul was standing above her, rubbing her shoulders to help soothe her mind, but nothing was working. It was 3:30 A.M. and Paul was trying to convince her to come back to bed. "Paul, I can't think of anything. I got up to this chapter and it's like a big blah!" she complained. Paul, being an English teacher suggested an idea. "Let's wait it out. Sleep on it and I know that something will end up sparking your mind." Sally and Paul's phones both buzzed at the same time. Paul and Sally exchanged looks and took out their phones. "It's from Percy," Sally said. She opened her messages to see a picture. It was Annabeth in a hospital bed in a hospital gown. Her hands covered her face but she was smiling behind it. The caption underneath said, It's Time . The hospital's address was beneath that. "Oh My Gods, we're going to be grandparents!" She shrieked, jumping up. She went straight to her closet to find clothes. "Annabeth's in labor!" Paul said with excitement. "There's an idea?" Sally smiled at her husband. "Yup! No more writer's block, I have inspiration now!" Ω Jason and Piper were having baby fever. And marriage fever. They were fresh off their honeymoon in Rome, a gift from her mother. Her father wasn't that ecstatic about their marriage. Tristan Mclean for one tried to convince Piper not to marry so early in her adulthood, but Piper was in love. She knew she was only twenty years old. She knew she had a lot of time. But her and Jason didn't care. That's where the marriage fever came from. Every night since their wedding, they were building a family. They had plans to move to New Rome like most demigods did now a days. They attended the college in New Rome and graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Criminal Justice for Piper, and Latin Studies for Jason. Then Jason popped the question at their graduation, in front of all of New Rome, and after a year and a half, they had their wedding a week ago. Piper and Jason were like Percy and Annabeth. They wanted a family before they died, which could be whenever. They wanted to experience the most precious things in life before they died, and children was one of them. Plus, their favorite part of the process was making the baby, making it their excuse to do it as much as they wanted. Piper and Jason were in her dad's private jet. They were cuddling in the bedroom section after hours of—well let's just keep calling it, baby fever. Piper rested her head on Jason's bare chest, her hair in a wild mess and her body still flustered. Piper suddenly laughed out of nowhere. "Do you think the pilots heard us?" she asked him, giggling. Jason shrugged, pulling Piper closer to him. "Who cares if they hear?" Piper said slyly and kissed his bicep up to his chest. "Let em' know how awesome we are at baby-making," Sshe kissed his neck seductively, crawling her way back on top of him. The duvet slid down to her waist, showing Jason all of her. Piper kissed him as they were about to sport into a round two, but the buzzing of their phones interrupted them. Piper leaned back and Jason groaned. Jason leaned up off the headboard and kissed Pipers jaw, and going lower and lower, as she checked the message on her phone. It was a mass text. Piper's eyes widened. "Oh my gods, Jason!" Jason deemed that as a signal to continue before Piper lifted his face to look at her. "No stop, I mean—that was nice, but, Annabeth's in labor!" Piper squealed. "We have to tell the pilots to land at LaGuardia airport instead!" Piper got up and wrapped her sheets around her, to peak out the bedroom door. "Excuse me, Gus?!" Ω Frank and Reyna were walking in the forum. They were talking about plans to extend parts of New Rome and the barracks. The camp was growing. It was a miracle that they were able to get this many demigods to flow into both the Greek and Roman Camp. Demigods were given a choice to choose which Camp they would stay in. Half of the seven from the prophecy resided in New Rome except for Leo, who preferred to stay close to Bunker 9 with Calypso in Camp Half-Blood. Percy, Annabeth, and Piper also stayed at Camp Half-Blood while Jason went back and forth, and Frank and Hazel stayed in New Rome. They all often Iris Messaged one another, but mostly stuck to the two meet ups a year: Winter Solstice weekend meetings (when really it's more like a family reunion party) at Camp Jupiter, and Summer Solstice Weekend meetings in Camp Half-Blood. "Maybe we should put the new kids in the Fifth Cohort rather than the First. The First Cohort can be harsh. This'll let em be more comfortable," Frank suggested. Reyna pursed her lips, her hands clenching her hot chocolate. "I believe your right. They are children of Ceres. Gentle-hearted with gray control over deadly plants. They'll fit-" Hazel interrupted the duo buy running towards them through the forum with a big smile. "Hey! I have news! A text from Percy!" Hazel ran into Franks arms, sending a kiss too his cheek and a side hug to Reyna, full of excitement. "Look, you need to see this!" Hazel showed them her phone—which she finally learned how to use after a while—and showed them the mass text. "The babies are coming!" Frank said in awe. "Can we go visit them?" Hazel asked. Reyna shrugged. "I really don't know, Hazel. With all of the things happening right now, I doubt it. We'd have to wait until the Solstice or the Summer Exchange programs." Hazel's smile dropped. The leaders of each Camp meet up on both solstices a year to ensure that both Camps are doing well and that nothing was going wrong in the mythical world. Frank, swooping to assure his fiancé of a month, "And that's only a month away, then we can visit." Hazel huffed. "Alright, but I'm shopping for gifts to make up for missing the baby shower." Ω "So, we are going to hook you up to the IV and get started. Based on your close contractions, the twins should arrive sooner than you know it," The doctor told