Hi, everyone. So yeah, it's me, AshleyDaughterofApollo, re-uploading after God knows when. This isn't edited, its just the whole completed fic. Any questions, check my profile for my FAQ. If your question isn't answered there, PM me. And I'm really sorry I disappeared. So, so sorry. (Explanation also on my profile.) Anyway's this is 33 chapters of I'm No Cinderella. I finished it during my time off from the site. It's unedited, but hopefully you can see the difference in my writing from chapter 25 (around when I left) to the end. Lots of love, Ash Enjoy! ~~Chapter 1~~ "Annabeth!" I groaned as I rolled over to slap my alarm to snooze. I patted it around looking for the metal or some type of metal to hit but all I felt was rough, slightly greasy flesh. "Annabeth!" So it wasn't my alarm. I jumped at the sight as I opened my eyes grabbing the book by my nightstand as a weapon. "Merciful mother of Gods!" I shrieked nearly hitting my stepmother, Helen in the face. She looked like the Grinch on marijuana on Christmas Eve. Her face was a disgusting green color as if her lotion was replaced with guacamole. Actually, I take that back. Guacamole was fresher than the color on her face. My Gods, why was that on her face? She should know that she tried every brand of moisturizer and face cream doesn't help her face. I'd say Helen was pretty, because everyone is beautiful no matter what, but I'm so struck by the nastiness behind her eyes. Helen is a petite Asian woman yet managed to be taller than me. She has unnatural silky blackish brown hair and brown eyes. I think her attitude is what causes her to gain pimples. It's too ugly to fix, just like her personality. Or at least that's what Thalia and Piper says. "Get up, Now." she growled in my face. Ugh, I like my space. "I'd get up once you get out!" I grumbled sitting up in my bed. Helen stomped over to the door to escort herself out. She looked around my room as if she was disgusted she brought herself up here. It's not every day you see someone living in an attic, but Helen wanted it for the "extra space" when she really just wanted to give one of my twin half-brothers my room. "How you survive in here, I don't know." She shuddered mockingly. "You put me in here!" I screeched before throwing my pillow at the door. She closed it before it could hit her. Damn it! I slouched in my bed and rubbed my face in misery. God I hate that woman. But I should liven up, it's the last day of school before Spring Break. That means I'll be spending all week with my friends instead of at this hell with Helen. My suitcase was already packed and at my friend's house. My dad was always away lecturing different schools in the state on war history, so he was usually never home, sometimes he even leaves the state. Don't get me wrong, I love my dad and he loves me, but his work is what supports the family since Helen doesn't have a job. Apparently she is more of a housewife type of person. My real mom, Athena Chase, she passed away when I was born. All I have left of her is this box my dad gave me. It contained most of her jewelry, and a Yankee's Cap. My favorite pieces of jewelry are these beautiful silver owl earrings. I never take them off. My dad remarried Helen years ago when I was nine. She never really liked me, but my father never really saw it. I never said anything to him about it because somehow, Helen makes him happy. They had two children together, twin boys named Bobby and Matthew. I love my brothers even though sometimes I want to kill them. They managed to get most of their traits from my father rather than Helen, so they are cool in their own eight year old ways. I stood up from my bed stretched as I yawned. It's six forty-five and school starts at eight. I had time. I pulled out a sea green sweatshirt and black jeans to wear with my converse sneakers. It was warmer in New York now that winter was over. I jumped as I heard the familiar beep of my phone. It was an iPhone 4, only because Helen thinks I don't deserve more expensive items. But I'm saving up for a new one; the iPhone 6 has been calling my name for a while. I opened my test messages. I'll pick you up at 7:40! The message was from my friend Piper. She drives me every day since Helen forces me to take the bus. I stripped off my pajamas and went into the shower. The hot water washed away most of my negative thoughts on Helen. Once I was done, I brushed my teeth then moisturized my skin. I put my clothes on as well as my shoes and my mother's owl earrings. I wasn't one for make-up, but I put on a decent amount of lip gloss. I brushed my mane of golden curls and stuck it in a ponytail. Normal me. I grabbed my book bag and headed down the stairs to the kitchen. I noticed Bobby and Matthew were sitting at the table eating pancakes along with Helen who now removed the guacamole from her face. I checked the stove for food but there was nothing. "Where's my plate?" I asked. Helen looked at me innocently. She put a piece of eggs in her mouth and chewed slowly as if it bothered me. "I thought you didn't want any, so I went ahead and made some for the kids." I folded my arms. "Did I say that?" I challenged. Helen shrugged. "It was implied." "How the heck was that implied?" Helen stood up to match my height. "Language! Annabeth!" I tightened my lips in anger. "What? I'm speaking English, right?" I said. Helen was such a pain. Heck isn't even profanity. Bobby tapped my thigh. I looked down and he pushed his plate to me. "You can have my pancake Annie, I'm full." he said. I smiled at my little brother. "Thank-you, Bobby," I said, mostly towards Helen. Helen snatched Bobby's plate away and put it back in front of him. "No! Bobby! Finish your food, all of it." she reprimanded him. Bobby sank in his chair and picked at his pancake. Helen put her hand to her temple as if I was the one wearing her out. "Now, Annabeth. I need you to pick up your brothers from school and babysit tonight." I nearly choked on my own saliva. "I can't, you know that I'm going to be at Piper's all week starting tonight," I refused. Helen wrinkled her nose. "Well, you must, it's an order." she said. I rolled my eyes. "Isn't that what you're supposed to do, you're the mother right?" Helen's face turned red. "Well you will do it. I have two meetings this afternoon and a gala to attend tonight, I might need you for the rest of the break as well," she said. I frowned. "I can't that will ruin my break!" I replied a bit shocked. Apparently, that threw her over the top. "And what meetings? You don't even work?" I heard Piper's car pull up in front of the house and my phone buzzed. She's always early. "Go to your room young lady!" She yelled at me. "No! I have school!" I shouted back. I took my bag and grabbed a carton of orange juice as well then marched to the front door. Then I quickly went back to the table and took Bobby's pancake and took a large bite out of it, chewing the food in Helen's face. Jeez, when did I start acting barbaric? Helen rushed away and stomped up the stairs as I walked out the door. I quickly went over to the BMW backseat and sat down. "Hey Annabeth!" Piper greeted me with a wave. Thalia was asleep in the passenger seat. Let me tell you something about my friends. The three of us are so different yet the same. Piper has long choppy caramel hair with little braids on the sides. Her hair had an eagles feather weaved in it. She was wearing a blue tank-top, skinny jeans, a snowboarding jacket, and combat boots. Piper was the beauty of the group, but she wasn't an airhead. She had a mixed ethnicity-being Greek, Cherokee, and white. Her curves complimented her which is also why so many guys chase her, especially because of her ever changing eye colors. Her mother was a former supermodel and her father is the Tristan McLean, a famous actor. That's the reason Thalia and I was staying by her house. She lived in a mansion because she was rich. Don't get me wrong, Piper may be loaded, but she was down to earth. She hates the money and living a lavish life. Her parents barely pay attention to her which is something I can relate to. Thalia Grace is what I would say, the brawn of the group. She had choppy black hair and intimidating electric blue eyes. She had that tough tomboy shell and she was soft and girly on the onside. I think that was just her own walls up because of how she was affected by loneliness. Her parents died when she was young, a bit after she and her twin brother turned two, and they had jumped from foster home to foster home until their father's best man, Chiron Brunner, took them in as their caretaker. Thalia was wearing a black t-shirt and white ripped jeans with worn out converses. She had her bag pressed against the window and was sleeping soundly. We were all best friends since freshmen year and we would most likely stay friends forever. "Hey." I replied, my shoulders sagging with nerves. Piper frowned. "Helen again?" she guessed. She always knew how I felt. I nodded numbly. "I just wish I knew why she hated me so much, you know?" I said. Helen did not like me since we met. Around my dad, she kept up that happy step-mother façade, but she never really treated me like an actual parent should. When she had Bobby and Matthew, she often ignored me and treated me like I wasn't in the family. I haven't felt like I've been in an actually family since my mother died. "Maybe Helen just has issues," she said. I snorted. "Of course she has issues, but her issues shouldn't have to involve me." Piper looked at me with sympathy as she drove. Then she immediately smiled. "I have something that might cheer you up!" she said. I furrowed my eyebrows. Piper and Thalia's surprises were never that good. "What?" I asked cautiously. "The Masquerade is tonight! I bought the two of us tickets!" she said gleefully. My eyes widened. The Masquerade Ball was held by the school every year before Spring Break. It was the definition of stupid and unreasonable. I never go. What's the point if no one is going to ask me, or dance with me, or even talks to me? I was the school's brainiac. I was never paid attention to. Thalia and Piper are my only friends because they stuck with me for years. They weren't really outcasts, but they weren't popular. Maybe it's because Thalia's brother is Jason Grace, one of the most popular guys in school, so she has some type of reputation next to him. Piper is pretty and is admired a lot, and looks can actually put you on an hierarchy in high school, unfortunately. "What?" I screeched. Piper smiled sheepishly while concentrating on the road. "I think it would get you out of the