The morning light broke through the stitched patched of our threadbare curtains. It's been morning for at least five hours now. Usually this is the time where I get up, get dressed, and start helping my family start their day. I would sing a soft lullaby to my sweet little brother to wake him up. I would shake my three sisters to get ready for the day. I would go make tea and would toast our pine seed bread from the previous night. I would wake my mother, and get everybody at the table. I soon would get them out the door as well as myself, then after school I would go to work. I would get home late, and make dinner (if it hasn't been made already), and then go to bed. But not today. I would not wake up my brothers and sisters. I would not get breakfast ready. I would not get my mother up. I would not go to school or work. I would not get home make dinner and go to be. I can't do any of these thing today….and do you know why? Because today is the Reaping. The Reaping in which two precious lives would be destroyed today. Two families torn apart. One boy and one girl on death row. All because of us. All because of them. Everyone is to blame for this. I got up and looked around. My sisters were still sleeping, and my brother was still in his crib. I could hear my mother's snoring from down the hall. I crept out of bed as gently as I could without waking anyone up. I went to our closet. I put on my yellow dress over my dirty white slip I was wearing. I put on my worn out brown combat boots on and a wool sweater over my dress. I went into the kitchen and got my bag out from under the table. I put a piece of bread and some cheese in my bag. I silently went out the door. I passed the main square, where people were setting up things for the Reaping in front of our justice building. I passed some of the nicer homes. I made my way toward the edge of the forest, near my special tree. I looked around. My suspicions were correct. Everybody was at home. I walked to the base of my tree. There was a nice sized boulder in front of it. I put my bag down, and pushed with all my might. Slowly it moved to reveal a hole. The hole was a little bit tinier than I was, but I could still squeeze on through .As soon as I grabbed my bag, I crawled down deeper, and deeper, till I got to where I wanted to go. My secret hideout. It was a medium sized space under a great big redwood. I turned to see light shining through. I went up and covered the space with some moss and bark. I slid back down. The entire hole was constructed of moss, wood, bark chips, and grass. I sat down next to a shelf that was built by my best friend Greenwood Barrens. Silly name I know. I met Greenwood when I was three, and I've known the guy my entire life. He's always been there for me, and he's the only one who knows about my hideout. I always call him Green though. People always say, "When the time is right Fern, you'll know how much Green means to you. You'll know how much you love each other. You'll want to marry one day, and have a house full of kids." I can never tell if they're half joking, or being completely serious. Every time Green hears this, he just smirks. You see, it's not as if I don't love Green. Of course I do, I just don't know how I love him. As a brother, as a friend, as a lover. I never seem to get it together enough to figure it out. It's not because he's ugly either. Ugly would be the exact opposite. He has hazel eyes with blue specs in them. He has beautiful fiery red hair, so fiery that when you look at it, all you can think of are blazing flames. His hair is always tussled like a bed head, but it looks nice on him. He's very tall, about 6'2, and he's very muscular, yet lean, but not skinny. He has this hero streak to him, and is always helping people out. Many of the girls here, in District 7, are always fanning over him whenever he chops wood, or whenever he helps run errands for people who aren't able to. I sighed as I stood up. I went to check my herbs. Everything is here. As I was starting to get my bread out, I turned around at a noise outside my tree. There was a scruff, then a rustle of barks and moss. I saw daylight that quickly disappeared when something was blocking it. It continued to block the way, until my best friends head appeared. "Fern, I need your help. I'm stuck again." I smiled as I giggled. I went over and pulled him out. "Thanks. I'm getting too big for this. Maybe we should find another hide out." I climbed up the hole to place the moss and bark back in position. "No way." He groaned. "Come on! You have got to be kidding me! I basically get stuck every time I come here for the past four years, and all you can say is no? Ugh." He plopped himself down on the moss bed that we made a few years back. I turned around. "Green, what are you doing here? You're supposed to be with your family today." He shook his head. "You know why. All my brothers are either too young, or too old. They won't be Reaped, but I will. Everyone will have tears in their eyes and get all gushy. My mom started crying again. Can you believe it?" I walked over and sat next to him. "Green, have some compassion. They are your only family. You can be gone like a heartbeat." I took his hand in mine and smiled at him. "Please don't patronize them. They love you so much and would hate for you to be taken away." He sighed and just looked at our hands intertwined. "Fine, but you owe me big tomorrow." I grinned. "Now that's more like it!" I got up from where he was sitting, and stretched. "Now tell me the reason you're really here." He looked down, then up at me. "I have it in my bag." I jumped excitedly up and down. "Ooh, yay! A present." Green smirked. "Even better." He brought out an injured bunny from his bag. "Oh another patient, even better." He got up and walked over to a small wooden table, where he placed the bunny. "Let's see, an injured bunny. I examined him, and saw the problem. An infected laceration on its hind leg. Get me a candela flower, the jar of comfrey, and the jar of beeswax. I also need the crush rock, a spoon, a knife, a bowl, and some gauze." "Way ahead of you." He already had everything, except for the knife. He put it on the side of the table, and reached into his pocket to get a knife. "This is cleaner." He said as he set it down next to me. I examined the wound. "You already cleaned this?" He nodded. "I've taught you well." He smiled. I grabbed the empty bowl. I took the spoon and scooped out the beeswax. I put it inside the bowl. Then I got a dried up candela flower crushed it and spread it all over the beeswax. I took the dried up comfrey and did the same thing. I got the spoon, and mixed it all together. I grabbed the gauze, and spread the sticky concoction all over the gauze. I wrapped it around the bunny's hind leg. "Well if we change the dressings every three days for the next four weeks, I think the bunny will be fine. We also need to give the bunny chamomile extract in its water, or chamomile tea." I picked the bunny up and cooed at it. "Well Green, since you saved it you get to name it." One eyebrow lifted up. "I saved it? Give yourself some credit." I blushed as I shook my head. Green sauntered toward me as I stood there awkwardly. He grabbed the bunny from me, and set it on the moss bed. He put his arms around my shoulders, and pulled me close to him. He bent down and said in a very low voice, "You're parents should've named you Compassion because you're filled with so much with it. You're peaceful because you hate the idea of war, killing and death. You're the most honest person I know. You always tell the truth, no matter what the consequence. You're extremely kind. You always have a smile full of sunshine, and you're always happy, and you want to know about how everyone else is doing. You never talk about yourself unless someone asks. You can be so generous, you give what you barely have and you are always happy to do it. Most of all, you're beautiful. You have beautiful cozy dark brown eyes, which have emerald green in them. You have the most beautiful long brown hair ever, and you're the perfect height of 5'7. You have all of these qualities, yet you never give yourself the praise you deserve. Why is that?" "I don't know." I whispered. Green put his hand under my chin and moved my face closer to his. Then it popped in my head. "We should name the bunny Higgins!" Green groaned and turned away. He muttered under his breath. "Come on we should get going. We all need to get ready for today." He picked up his bag and picked up mine. "Let's get going." "Okay." We said goodbye to Higgins, and climbed our way to the outside world. As soon as we covered up our hideout, we were going our own direction towards each of our homes. "Get dressed in something nice." "Okay. Put on your best suit." "Fine, but as long as you put on your bravest face." I stared him straight in those eyes of his. "That's more like it. Listen, I know you're scared but your name being pulled isn't that much of a possibility. It's okay; they're more likely to pull me out instead." He hugged me. "It'll be okay Fern." "You're right. Nothing to worry about, I'll see you at 10." So, I went home. I went and sat next to my little brother's crib. I made breakfast. I woke everybody up. Two of my three sisters would be put in the Reaping today, and one of them is their first time. The other is their last time. This would be my fifth time since I am sixteen. My mother put on the bath for the three of us. We all piled in one at a time. My little sister, Willow, was trembling as my mother fixed her hair. My older sister, Acacia, just sat on a stool. She had her head between her legs breathing in and out, in and out. I was standing, smoothing out my wavy green cotton dress. My younger sister was wearing a pink skirt, and a brown shirt. My older sister was wearing a soft lavender silk dress. My mother took all of us in her room, and held us all together. She went under her bed, and took out a small book. This book was a book that my family has saved and preserved since Panem was North America. It used to be used for places of worship, but when Panem took over they banned all of