Hallowe'en Darkness Table of Contents Chapter 1 – Shattered Hopes Chapter 2 – Secrets Told Chapter 3 – Breaking the News Chapter 4 – Powerful Protection Chapter 5 – Coming Home to Hogwarts Chapter 6 – Now and Always Chapter 7 – The Rat Escapes Chapter 8 – The Ministry Decision Chapter 9 – Messages Chapter 10 – Return to Privet Drive (transition to canon) Author's Notes The sequence of events How does the timing work? The complexities of the Fidelius Charm Continuity issues Dumbledore's reasoning for taking Harry to Privet Drive The incantation at Privet Drive The words of the Privet Drive incantation Snape's movements and motivations The Godric's Hollow monument Sirius's acknowledgement of responsibility Sirius as Secret-Keeper The Patronus as messenger House-elves' names Dumbledore's letter to Petunia Unanswered question Hallowe'en Darkness . Chapter 1 – Shattered Hopes Rubeus Hagrid strode up the dark lane, his footsteps ringing on hard ground. A sharp frost had fallen with the dusk, and twigs snapped underfoot. The West Country road would likely remain deserted despite the day being All Hallow's Eve. Usually at Hallowe'en there would be Muggles out and about, dressed as witches, wizards, ghosts and other "spooky things", as they called it, but not this year. There had been too many deaths and disasters lately, and even Muggles could feel the evil in the air. Mist curled around the trees in tendrils of fear; fog blanketed the countryside with despair. It was safer indoors. Hagrid's destination was known to only a handful of people. His heart warmed anew at being included in that small circle. Half-giant and expelled from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in his third year, he was feared or loathed by many wizards, but his position as grounds keeper at the school showed that the headmaster thought differently. Being trusted with James and Lily Potter's hidden location, however, was a mark of such profound confidence it still astonished him.* Godric's Hollow was a mixed village of both magical and tolerant Muggle inhabitants, and as Hagrid passed the war memorial in the village square it changed to a wizard holding a sword aloft while a goblin reached for it covetously.* As he continued toward the other end of the village, the statue reverted to its former appearance. It was nearly eleven o'clock and the pub was dark and deserted. Two orange candles someone had placed in the church doorway were guttering in pools of wax. Paper spiders covered the shop windows, and Hagrid smiled at this evidence of Muggle ideas about Hallowe'en. He wondered what they would think of Aragog, his Acromantula. Even wizards found Acromantulas alarming, but Hagrid had loved his giant pet for nearly 40 years now and regularly visited him and his offspring in the Forbidden Forest. Hagrid's thoughts came to an abrupt halt as he looked down the row of houses, most of them darkened and quiet, and something about the end house caught his attention. Its dim silhouette looked different, and there was light shining out from the roof. He quickened his steps. This was his destination, but something about it was very wrong. As he came closer, it was plain that something was indeed terribly wrong. The house looked as though a bomb had landed on one corner. The neat hedge at the front was in stark contrast to the gaping hole in the top storey and the rubble strewn across one side of the lawn. He stared aghast at the devastation. What had happened? Were James and Lily inside, or had they fled from whatever – or whomever – had attacked the house? The lights were on and the curtains were not drawn, but he could see no sign of movement inside. And the front door was hanging open. Hagrid walked toward it with heavy footsteps. Fear of what he might find inside clutched at his heart, but he had to know. Through the open door Harry's pram was visible in its usual place in the hallway, but as he stepped inside he saw James crumpled on the floor beside it. Hagrid knew in his heart that his friend was dead, but still he knelt and felt for a pulse. There was nothing, and the hand he held was cold. It seemed like sacrilege to break the silence, but he cleared his throat and called hoarsely, "Lily! It's me, Hagrid. Are yeh there?" There was no reply. Aside from James's body on the floor, Hagrid could see no sign of disorder downstairs. With the image of that yawning hole in the roof in his mind, he started up the stairs. At one end of the upper corridor light shone through an open door. As Hagrid approached it, he could see boxes scattered on the floor inside and the legs of an overturned chair. His footsteps slowed, but as he reached the doorway his eyes fell on Lily lying spreadeagled on the floor. She bore no obvious sign of injury, but her frozen expression of desperate pleading and the wide-staring eyes showed that she too had fallen victim. Time seemed to stand still as Hagrid stood looking at her body, but he was returned to the present by a slight sound from the cot on the other side of the room. His eyes lit up. Could it be – ? In a single stride he crossed the room and bent over the cot and its small occupant. The black-haired toddler inside looked up at him. His cheeks were tear-streaked, and his face didn't immediately break into the toothy grin Hagrid was used to seeing from him. But what held Hagrid's gaze was the jagged wound slashed down his forehead like a lightning bolt. It had seared into the smooth skin and its edges were raw. The green eyes below it, so like his mother's, were now filled with a puzzlement and pain that Hagrid had never seen in Lily's, and grief choked his throat again. He moved to pick up the boy, but then realised an even more pressing need. Dumbledore had to be told, and at once. "Jus' a minnit, Harry," he said apologetically, and sighed with relief as some animation showed in the green eyes gazing at him. "Haggid," said the small boy, holding out his arms. "Yeah, hang on. Jus' gotta send an owl." He fumbled in his pocket and pulled out a small and rather dishevelled owl. Holding it gently in one trembling hand, he reached in again and drew out a crumpled piece of parchment and a battered quill. He scrawled a few words on the parchment, brushing away the tears that fell on it as he wrote. Then he folded it up and put it in the owl's beak, saying "Dumbledore" with a catch in his voice. As he watched the owl fly out through the broken wall, his anguish was mixed with the first stirrings of a slow anger. This couldn't have happened unless someone had betrayed the Order. . Chapter 2 – Secrets Told Back at Hogwarts, Albus Dumbledore was pacing to and fro in his office, trying to dispel his uneasiness. These were dark and dangerous times, but what he felt now was something more than general disquiet. His every instinct told him that tonight there was even greater evil afoot. He ran over in his mind again all the precautions that had been taken. Lily and James were hidden, along with little Harry, their location secure inside Sirius Black as their Secret Keeper. The only others who knew were Dumbledore himself and Hagrid.* Was the secret secure? Who was the person who had been passing information to Voldemort about the Order's activities? Surely, surely not Sirius? Dumbledore knew that James and Lily had complete faith in Sirius, despite his strong family connections to Dark wizards. His mother, a fervent pure-blood; his brother a servant of Voldemort until his death a couple of years earlier; his cousins Bellatrix and Narcissa both married to probable Death Eaters. Yet Dumbledore also knew Sirius well, having watched him grow up at Hogwarts. As an eleven-year-old he had been openly proud to be Sorted into Gryffindor against his family's Slytherin tradition, then later defiant and reckless as the Dark Lord rose to power and Muggle-lovers were persecuted, showing his rebelliousness in an increasing dishevelment in attire and grooming. Dumbledore smiled to himself. Sirius's unbrushed thick black hair always made him look a little like a big dog – not a smooth-coated Great Dane, but a shaggy Bernese Mountain Dog, affectionate and loyal. No, surely James and Lily's secret was safe with him. But Dumbledore's uneasiness was not to be gainsaid. He wished fervently that James had made him the Secret Keeper. James, of course, had no idea that Albus was master of the Elder Wand – the most powerful wand in the world – and had yet been able to defeat Grindelwald while it was still in Grindelwald's possession. He had no idea that his former professor and mentor was perhaps the only wizard who already had the power to prevent Voldemort's seemingly unstoppable rise. Yet Dumbledore knew his own great weakness too. He knew that using his power to attack Voldemort would surely see him fall into the trap he had so nearly fallen into as a young man with Grindelwald, of seeking personal power and glory under the guise of the greater good. No, Dumbledore knew that he could only exercise his power to defend, not to attack. And he also knew – if Sybill Trelawney's prediction and his other information was correct – that it was little Harry who would defeat the greatest Dark wizard the world had ever known. As he paced up and down, his phoenix, Fawkes, seated on a perch near the door, watched him with intelligent black eyes. The intuitive bond between the two told Fawkes that his services would be needed soon, and he was on the alert. Dumbledore turned toward the window as a tapping noise came to his ears. On the windowsill outside was a small owl, which Dumbledore recognised as Hagrid's. He went quickly to the window, opened it, and took the parchment from the owl's beak. Unfolding it, he noticed the writing was blotched with tears and the ink had run and smudged. "James and Lily dead. House destroyed. Come quick. Hagrid." Dumbledore had hoped his apprehension was unfounded, yet his acute wizard senses had known that something terrible was happening. This, however, was almost too dreadful to take in. James and Lily, dead. Harry too, presumably. And the house destroyed. There must have been a horrific battle! But how could Voldemort have found them? Surely no-one else could have defeated them; they were both skilled duellists, and well aware of their danger. And if Harry had been killed too – yet how could he have escaped? – what of Sybill's prophecy, and what of the wizarding world? Was Voldemort's rise now inevitable? The headmaster put on his cloak and picked up his wand, then hesitated for a moment. He considered writing a note for Professor McGonagall, who was in Hogsmeade visiting Madam Rosmerta, but decided against it. Time was precious, and the news should be confirmed first. He looked at Fawkes and nodded. A brief flash of brightness around Fawkes's feathers told Dumbledore that his thoughts had been understood, and that Minerva had received a feather-alert telling her of the need to return to Hogwarts quickly. The school must not be left undefended during his absence. He headed down the spiral staircase, out the front door and down to the gates. Immediately beyond, he turned on the spot and Apparated. Moments later he arrived at what had been James and Lily's house. In spite of what Hagrid's note had said, he was shocked at its state. In recent months he had become sadly accustomed to seeing the aftermath of Voldemort's attacks, but usually there was no sign of any conflict, just dead bodies