Hey there, this is Tina-Daughter-of-Poseidon-23 and I'm back with a new story! I hope you like it! ;) Somebody That I Used To Know Full Description In most AU's, we usually think Percy as the hot rebel that doesn't care about anything or just another hot athlete of the school that can have any girl he wants due to his looks and popularity. We usually think Annabeth as the geek, the one who has a crush on guys like Percy, the bookworm, the normal one that gets to live the dream with Prince Charming, no matter of his IQ level. Have you ever thought what would happen if the situation was reversed? In this AU, that's exactly what happens. Annabeth is the popular one, Mrs. Hotty, the girl that every guy wants, the average IQ level girl, the one who is bored to think of anything else than how to remain popular and keep her extremely handsome boyfriend hers, and Percy is the smart one, the Mr. Knows It All, the new nerd that came to her school, someone she used to know a very long time ago and consequently, the spark that will ignite a war between our bitch and her nemesis. The one that will try to keep her past hidden and ignore him completely or simply try to change him so she'll be able to use him and play with him, and the one that is willing to do anything to unveil everything that can destroy the first one. But between this war, the one everybody wants will only manage to do one thing; strive to get back what he had long lost and that is no other than the girl he left behind. The girl that is hidden behind this mask of cruelty and insensitivity. The one he used to know. Rated T/M just in case ;) AU/AC/AL/OC I might not own Percy Jackson, but one day I'll have my own characters to own. xD Rick Riordan owns the whole amazing world of Percy Jackson. However, I do own this plot line, so please don't copy. Chapters might be edited in the future. Chapter 1: In the Land Of Bitches, Bullies and Hot Guys " But you didn't have to cut me off Make out like it never happened and we were nothing And I don't even need your love But you treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough…" "Okay. Relax Annabeth. It's not the end of the world. Your second year in Goode won't kill you." I said to my reflection looking at my mirror, while I was trying to convince myself that everything would be alright. "You. Are. Awesome." I continued. "You're beautiful, you're popular, you're hot, your boyfriend is insanely handsome and you're amazing. Of course you'll make it." I said and a wave of confidence took me over. I inhaled and closed my eyes. Everything will be alright, I thought. I exhaled and fixed my lip gloss. "Perfect." I whispered and walked out of my bedroom. I walked down the stairs and my dad was sitting in the kitchen, drinking his coffee and reading his newspaper as always. When he saw me, he choked and put his newspaper down. "Tell me one logical reason why you should wear this t-shirt in school." he said and I looked down at my clothes. I sighed. "First, it's called a tank dad. How many times do I have to tell you? And second, this is what all the girls at my age wear nowadays." "They're going naked at school?" he teased me and I grimaced at him. "Haha, very funny dad. Come on now! I'm gonna be late on my first day back at school!" He took a gulp from his mug and got up. "Bobby and Mathew?" he asked about my two younger brothers. "They're on the bathroom washing their teeth. Sue told me not to worry about it, so I don't." I answered and my tone sounded slightly irritated. My dad frowned. "Something's wrong?" Yeah, like he didn't know. "No, nothing." I said, not being in a mood for arguing. He knew I was lying, but he dropped the subject. He grabbed his car keys and his jacket. "At least put a jacket on you, so I could feel just a tiny bit safe." he said before he walks out of the house. I sighed and grabbed my jacket before following him. I sat on the passenger's seat and took my iPhone out of my bag. I had forgotten it in there last night, so I knew I would have like 5 missed calls from Silena. I chuckled when I saw I had 7. I opened my voicemail and listened to the messages she had left me. One was like: "Annabeth, pick up the phone! I have like the biggest news ever about Irene!" I groaned once I heard this. Irene wasn't a nice person –well, neither was I, but she was a bitch in a bigger grade than I was- and I really couldn't give a crap about who she had slept with –again- or what she did. On the other hand though, she was the one person I knew I had to watch, because if I did or said something wrong, she would totally use it against me. The other messages said pretty much the same, like: "Annabeth Chase, if you are dead, LET ME KNOW SO I WILL FREAK OUT NOW!" or "Okay, IF and WHEN you hear this, there's this new guy that came to school this year, and I heard he's super cute. I know you're interested so JUST CALL ME BACK!" New guy? That's interesting. I looked out of the window and sighed wistfully. I missed those old days that I didn't give a crap about boys and bitches and I was just being... me. Now, I was the popular chick of the school. The nine-year-old me, would probably kick the crap out of me, if she found out about this. What's more, I think she would be right. When did I, Annabeth Chase, start to care about what others think of me? When did I start to care how do I look like? Stupid adolescence... "Dad, why did Mom leave?" I asked for a thousand time my dad. He was shocked by my question, but he just sighed. "I have already told you." he answered. "I know. I just need to hear it one more time." I murmured and he half-smiled at me. "Well, when you were about seven, your mom received this huge job offer in London. She... Well, she wanted to go and to take care of you at the same time, but we had our arguments and a lot of other factors contributed to her accepting the offer. I never saw her again, but she called you once on your eighth birthday." he said and paused for a little bit. "You asked her when she would get home and she answered you that she wouldn't come for a while." he stopped and I assumed he finished, since he didn't continue. I knew this subject was tough, so I didn't push it. I just wanted to know why my mom left. He always says that it was the job offer, but I just can't help but feeling that I did something wrong and she left. I closed my eyes, breathed in, breathed out, and relaxed. The car stopped and I looked at Goode High School. "Thanks dad." I said and gave him a kiss on the cheek. As I stepped out of the car, everyone on the school yard stopped whatever they were doing and stared at me. "Don't freak out." I said and started pacing to the school entrance. Whispers, giggles, even screeches were heard as I passed by the teens. "Oh my god, she is here!" one girl whispered to her gang. I smirked confidently and found Silena with Katie waiting for me. Once the first one saw me, she yelled: "YAY! SHE'S ALIVE!" and ran to me giving me a tight hug. Then, the questions started. "Where the devil have you been? I was so worried! Don't ever do that again! I have so much to tell you! So much happened in the summer!" she said and was forced to stop in order to catch her breath. I chuckled and pulled back. "I missed you too, Silena." I teased her. "Oh my god, Katie! You're back from Connecticut! When did you return?" I asked my friend, after giving her a hug as well. "Yesterday. If I had come back earlier, I would totally call the two of you so we can go out and gossip about... well, everyone!" she said and we all laughed. Yeah, I'm one of those girls in this story. Deal with it. "Talking about gossips, the new guy just came." Silena said and pointed at the door. I turned with a confused look on my face, only to see a black haired guy passing the school door. As I focused my eyes on him, I observed the glasses he was wearing, but I couldn't tell what color his eyes were. I had never seen him before, but yet, I couldn't help the feeling that I already knew him. I would probably spend more time watching him, if my look didn't stop on Irene who had this evil smirk on her face and waved me from her gang. I faked a smile and waved back. Even if I knew she never played nice, I would totally pretend to be one in order to win this. I didn't know how yet, but it's all up to strategy. "So?" I heard Silena's voice and returned my look on her. "What do you think?" "About?" I asked confused. She groaned. "Annabeth focus! About the new guy?!" she asked like it was obvious. My mind focused on her words and I remembered why I looked over there in the first place. "Right. Well, he's nice. He seems kinda different though." I added. I had no intentions of telling them about the fact that I might have seen him before. Or at least, that this was how I felt anyways. "Different, as in you might actually think of hitting it off with him right away, or as in... well, you know different?" Silena asked me kinda excited. I sighed and rolled my eyes at her. She was barely holding her laughter, when the bell rang. "You're literally saved by the bell, missy." I snapped at her and looked at my phone in order to see my schedule. "I have Latin." I announced surprised. "Lucky you. I have Geometry." Katie whined. Geometry as a first period? Even if I'm in Tartarus, my answer will still be a 'no'. "Damn, I have this science project with Mr. Curtis." Silena said and grimaced. "Wait, Curtis as in Ben Curtis? Rick's father? He got transferred here ?" I asked, remembering my ex's father. "Well, yeah. But if you had picked up your phone when I called you yesterday, you would have a chance to prepare yourself. Besides, he didn't have a clue about the two of you. And it's not like you had just one ex those last years, is it now?" Silena said. I cursed silently. That was exactly what I needed for this year. My ex's father. Well, Silena had a point though. He didn't –and I hope it's still that way- know what happened between me and his son. "Let's hope you're right." I paced to the Latin class thinking of the things that happened with Rick. Even if his dad knew anything, it's not my fault. He was the one that cheated on me and slept with the first whore he found at a bar, not me. He got drunk after our break up and begged me for a second chance, which I would gladly give to him, if the