Title Of Mohawk Braids and Thieves Rating M Summary She has fought this war at least four times by now, and she doesn't know why she's stuck in this loop. She's done, and she wishes that she could find the strength to just walk away. Warnings Violence, language, mental health issues, psychological torture, underage drinking, and some questionable humor. (Also platonic soulmates, is that a warning?) Disclaimer Why would Rick be posting fanfiction? Seriously, he'd just make another series for us to buy. (If you didn't get the sarcasm, I don't own anything you recognize.) Notes Okay I know I said that I was never going to post in this fandom again, but I guess this is just a lesson in 'never say never', because I'm back. Obviously. Now, I made up Solara, but I personally would never call this a self-insert story. I suppose that you could argue that it is, but the only thing I share with my character is that I love music, read: Solara is much more of a bad-ass than I could ever be. I'll put the rest of my ramblings at the end of the chapter if you want to read them. Onward! :) Chapter One the girl who chased the rabbit, drank the wine, and took the pill Being a jumper wasn't the bad part about her life. It was the semi-immortality that came with it. Oh she could be killed, but she hasn't aged since she made her first jump. Well, she got dragged to a different universe and landed right in front of a pissed off Dionysus. Seriously, she still wasn't sure how she had lived through his anger and paranoia. Solara could feel the familiar sensation of falling through the void before she landed with a hard thump. Groaning in pain she stood up and checked to make sure that she still had all of her weapons. She could already hear the growls of hellhounds not too far away, and as tired as she was of fighting a war over and over, she wasn't going to let herself die from a hellhound. "Alright Solara," she said to herself, and she had given up on trying to not talk to herself about two decades ago. "Let's go kill some monsters, and then figure out how far back you are." In the two minutes she she had taken to check her weapons she had already been soaked by the rain. Unamused with the way her day had been going so far she took off in the direction of the hellhounds at a fast pace. She was quite looking forward to killing the stupid things. She cursed wildly when she caught up to the hellhounds. It wasn't just two or three, but an entire pack of them, and they were being led by the furies. She could see a few of the other nasty monsters thrown in the mix for variety, but she knew what night this was. She hated this night, because she could never change the outcome. Luke's resentment stemmed from this night. She readied her bow and ran faster towards the horde of monsters. Solara managed to take out three of the smaller hellhounds and one of the other monsters before they noticed her. Very few of them actually went after her, but it was enough to make her veer to the left as she ran closer. She was hoping to catch up to the group that she knew was in front of the monsters, but knew that she now needed to go on the defensive. Shooting a couple of the hellhounds that had decided to focus on her Solara tried to run faster. It wasn't easy, she was already tired from what she had been doing before she jumped here, but she knew that she needed to get to the top of the hill that was getting closer. Though she could actually see the group of demigods and the satyr now. 'Come on Solara, you can do this,' she thought, not having the breath to say it out loud. She was actually about halfway passed the monsters, but she was still being slowed down by the few breaking off to try and kill her. She made a flying leap over the fence and used the jumps momentum to push her up the hill faster than if she had stopped to climb over it. 'Huh, track paid off after all,' she mused before turning her attention back to the fight. "Go on ahead!" the black haired girl yelled. Solara winced at the resignation in her tone. She knew that feeling, and she hated it. As much as she knew that Thalia wanted to let the monsters over-run her, she also knew that this was where Luke had actually begun to turn away from the gods. Not that she blamed him for that, but Solara was tired of fighting the same damn war again and again. It had gotten old fast. She would have sighed sadly if she had the breath to do so when she saw Luke drag Annabeth over the top of the hill. The girl was screaming at Thalia to follow them, and even Grover was looking back constantly at Thalia. Solara shook her head and shot another arrow at an approaching hellhound, but her moment of watching the demigods had cost her. She felt like her wrist had been encased in liquid fire, and the next thing she knew she was flying through the air. She screamed when she landed hard on her left leg. It collapsed beneath her, and she knew that it had broken again. Gritting her teeth she shifted around so that she could still shoot the monsters down, and noticed that she was now at the top of the hill with Thalia below her, in-between her and the monsters. She shot off three arrows in rapid succession, and gestured for Thalia to run up the hill while she shot them. Surprisingly she did run up to her. Solara grinned to herself as she shot one of the furies, she'd pay for that later she knew, but damn was it satisfying. "You should go," Thalia said to her after she dusted the latest monster that had managed to avoid Solara's arrows. Solara snorted quietly, and there was no way for Thalia to have heard it, but she did give her a look that Solara couldn't quite figure out. "I'm about 95% sure that I broke my leg when I landed," she said and shot off another arrow, "So, there will be no running for me... Maybe some frantic crawling, but..." "Then you should do some frantic crawling," Thalia said. Solara rolled here eyes. "Not quite yet," she muttered to herself, and shot her last five arrows. Groaning she turned to drag herself across the camp's boundary line, but as she was turning one of the last hellhounds came up behind her and slashed at her unprotected back. Solara screamed again when she felt the hellhound's claws slicing through the flesh of her back, and fell forward onto the ground. When it didn't follow up with a killing blow she turned slightly to see Thalia standing closer to her than she was before. Solara watched as Thalia tried her best, but she could see immediately that her best just wasn't going to cut it. She saw it too late, and she yelled out too late. Thalia turned too late, and her block never got a chance to get up where it needed to be. Solara did her best to block out Luke's and Annabeth's screams of denial, and she could only watch as Thalia fell down next to her. "You should have left when I told you to," Thalia gasped out, "Now we're both going to die." Solara laughed without feeling any humor. "At least we're going out fighting," she said. Solara knew that Thalia wasn't going to die, but she wasn't sure if she was going to survive the next five minutes. She and Thalia watched in resignation as the monsters circled around them, and just as they lunged in for the kill there was a flash of lightning that blinded and deafened Solara. She came to a few minutes later with a pine tree next to her where Thalia had laid, and monster dust still floating through the air. She saw a flurry of motion out of the corner of her eye and tried to turn to see what was happening. As soon as she tried to move though there were hands restraining her. She saw curly brown hair and bright grey eyes, and relaxed into the hands that were gently guiding her over onto a stretcher. She frowned when it looked like the girl who was rolling her over was trying to talk to her. Her pain filled mind thought that the girl looked familiar, but she wasn't quite sure what her name was. The brown haired girl's hands glowed briefly and Solara felt her pain diminish slightly. Daughter of Apollo then, but it still didn't help. Solara blinked when the girl tried to talk to her again, and was starting to look worried. "Can't hear anything," she tried to say, but she wasn't sure how it came out. The brown haired girl frowned, but nodded a second later. She turned to say something to someone next to her, then she turned back to Solara and said two words slowly. 'Brace yourself.' Solara nodded to indicate that she had gotten the message. She closed her eyes and tried to keep her muscles relaxed as much as possible. If anything her long life had taught her, it was that tensing your muscles really only added to the pain of moving, or being moved, while injured. She grimaced when she was picked up, but for the most part she was able to keep quiet as she was being taken to the Big House to be treated. 'Fuck it,' she thought as she began to slip into unconsciousness, 'I want a nap.' *~S~* When Solara woke up a couple of days later she groaned at the sight that she saw. 'Here we go again,' she thought, 'As if I can control the fact that I've been jumping universes since I was seventeen.' "Let me guess," she started out sarcastically after she drank the water that was in the glass on her bedside table. "You want answers as to why I showed up out of freaking nowhere, and what am I doing here?" The four gods in the room blinked at her before settling in on their different reactions to her sarcasm. Dionysus just rolled his eyes and turned back to his magazine, Apollo just shrugged and nodded, meanwhile Athena was frowning at her, and Zeus was scowling at her. She did notice that he wasn't outright glaring though, and thought that it might have something to do with the fact that she had tried to help Thalia. Solara shrugged the thought away, it really wasn't that important. "Well, I've been reluctantly jumping universes for years now, and I can't control the where, how, and when part of it... As for why." She snorted and snarled wordlessly before she spoke again. "Well, I'd freaking love to know that too, so if any of you figure that shit out... Let me know?" The four gods were silent as they traded looks at her mini rant. "She's telling the truth," Apollo offered eventually. Solara tried not to roll her eyes at that, she really did. She failed to stop it. "What use would lying be?" she muttered to herself knowing full well that they would hear. She didn't care, because the next thing that was going to come up was whether she should be allowed to live or not, and this routine got old the first time it happened. "Should she be allowed to live father?" Athena asked proving her right. Solara rolled her eyes harder and gazed