Chapter 1: Wringburg Attack A/N: This is the first real chapter of the SatS. The 'twin' prophecy is included. This will be the beginning of the "adventure" for the Unknown One. (By the way, Draco will appear but in the third chapter. I'm not sure if it'll be all in Draco's perspective but yeah, he'll be there.) Also, a warning: While some of the content is based from the books by J.K. Rowling, other parts on based by the movies. Just saying this now, so there is no confusion later on. The Daughter of the Sun and Moon Will be lost with the one left behind and be seen not until the day of a tragic deed Born as the unknown one She will help in bringing an end to an era of darkness Love, fear, and hatred will map out the way Unto which will arrive the final day May the hero's life remain intact, promises promised not waver And the beginning of a new world, Protected by something never to be undone Will fall in the hands of he who is more powerful than all, The one to experience first-hand worlds of grief and sorrow, For which lifeless heroes will give one final gift In the cold hopes so he may yet see tomorrow And rise to overthrow the servant and master from thy throne Might old foes forgotten be confined evermore within the chains of Atlas Sister in everything but blood, The daughter of the Sun and Moon Will protect, aid, and guide him in any way she can Going to all limits, impossible or not, to protect him until the final stand And with one final breathe From the enemy who never should've been Learner of magic old and of centuries stories' untold The daughter will let go with hope unprevailed The mist will be cast like a veil "Harry. . ." Inside of the home of 4 Privet Drive resided a certain dark-haired boy. He was sitting in a chair by his bedroom window, cheek pressed against the cold, frosty window as he slept. The glasses on his face were askew and his mouth wide open. Snores emitted from his mouth as he slept, even through the sharp, twisting cold dancing inside the room. There were faint bags under the boy's eyes, and uneasy exhaustion lined his face. "Harry. . ." With a grunt, the dark-haired boy shifted in his chair. But he didn't wake up. No, he continued sleeping as if nothing were amiss, completely unaware of the chaos breaking throughout the whole wizarding world at that very moment. He had not the slightest of idea of the news spreading like wildfire about the horrors of that night, which would later go on to be named the Red Night. Or of how much his life was about to change. Far away in a small forest on the eastern side of England lay a small wizarding town named Wringburg. Wringburg, in all aspects, was considerably small, with only three hundred seventy-four people occupying its homes and cottages. Considering how secretive and tranquil the town was, it didn't attract much attention from the rest of the wizarding world,. No trouble arose from there, except the occasional argument or so. Indeed, Wringburg was the place to go if you wanted to avoid being surrounded by hordes of witches and wizards. Or if you wanted to escape from something. But on that fateful July night, Wringburg experienced terrible horrors that they'd always thought, always sure in the thinking they were safe, would never befall them. Frigid autumn winds howled fiercely, shaking the forest's trees and making them shudder. The moon was bright and round against the black, inky sky, and it cast the world into a dance of light and shadows. And it was from these shadows that emerged a dozen cloaked figures wearing plain white masks over their features. They stalked through the silent streets confidently, wands gripped firmly in their hands. Above, more figures hovered in the air, ready to strike at the slightest of signals. "Kill everyone and spare none," the cloaked-figure snapped, turning his head slightly to address his companions. "There is to be no failure. He will not allow it." Several of the people around him trembled in fear at the thought of what they would receive should they fail in their given task. The man scowled underneath his hood. "What about the homes?" a female voice called from the back. Her voice was thick and sweet as honey. Yet it made most men cower in their boots when directed at them. For a moment, the male leader paused. Then in a cool voice he responded, "Burn the houses down. In fact, make well in leaving behind nothing unscathed." There were excited murmurs before the group leader once again spoke the word that would doom hundreds of innocents to their deaths. "Begin." The action was immediate. The black-cloaked figures charged at several homes at full speed, laughing gleefully at the knowledge of the pain and death that they would cause, throwing spells left and right. Earsplitting screams filled the air as the town's citizens woke up to their awaiting deaths. With a detached look, the man watched as a woman came running out of her home, sobbing and looking over her shoulder. She didn't make it very far before someone swooped down from above and cast the infamous killing curse on her. Instantly, the woman crumpled to the ground, lifeless, her face still lined with panic. He sneered. The wench hadn't even attempted to defend herself in the least. It was the nicest death that could've been given to her. With a bored sigh he folded himself in the air and disappeared into the night. He had other business to attend to. Meanwhile, in one of the farther cottages down the end of Wringburg stirred a girl with striking dark brown chestnut hair. She bolted up in her bed when she heard earsplitting screams split the air. Alarm had her immediately running to her bedroom window to see what was going on. Shock filled her pale features as threw open the window shutters and withheld the image of burning homes in the distance and cloaked figures. Nausea made her knees weak when she saw one of the figures drop a young boy from the air. His yells echoed painfully in her heart as he landed on the ground below with a snapped neck. Tears pricked her eyes when she saw an older woman sobbing over the boy's body, presumably his mother, before she was tortured to death by another of the cloaked figures whose laughter she heard quite clearly. The woman's screams echoed in her ears long after. Her hand clenched around the wand that was hers but used rarely. "Brielle!" said a sharp voice and she spun around, quickly grabbing her wand from where it lay beside her bedside table, " Protego " on the edge of her lips. Her hand lowered cautiously when she saw it was her only living relative, Aunt Joanne. Her aunt was only a couple of years older than Brielle, seeing as she'd been the youngest of three children. But heavy age could be seen by the way she stood stiffly at the door, lines already cornering her mouth due to the stress and fear of over the several hard years. Her eyes were wide and panicked. "Brielle, we have to leave. It's not safe here. Not anymore." Aunt Joanne had been her mom's sister. Brielle knew that when her mom had been alive, she and Joanne had been inseparable, always traveling together and watching each other's backs through thick and thin. They'd often been called the Two Saints due to their gentle, loving demeanors and smiles that could soften most men's hearts. Like her sister, Joanne had been blessed with bright crystalline-blue eyes which were contrasted sharply against her dark blonde curls. Odette, however, had been born with dark midnight waves. For as long as anyone could remember, the two had always trusted each other, never hiding anything from one another. So it was a complete shock to the whole family when Odette Leighn disappeared suddenly, just days after fervent plans to visit the Leighn Manor along with Joanne and a friend from her school days, something they'd all been looking forward to, convincing all the Leighns into thinking her dead after it had been revealed Joanne knew nothing about her sister's disappearance except that she'd been acting odd the day before, scared even. And then she'd appeared once more several months later, pregnant and changed in a way no one knew how to describe. Especially not Joanne, who was confused about the whole thing as a whole. Everyone assumed she'd been kidnapped and intimately abused, and Odette hadn't said anything to make others believe otherwise. But Aunt Joanne had suspected there was more to the story than met the eye, though when she tried to talk to her sister, Odette drew away. Resigned, Joanne grudgingly accepted what everyone else believed. But then the day after Brielle was born, her sister was murdered, along with the rest of the Leighns with the exception of Joanne. And Brielle of course. Aunt Joanne had been upstairs in Brielle's new room, looking after her as Odette and the rest of the family discussed politics in the living room downstairs when it happened. The only reason they hadn't been killed as well had been because of the wards Odette had strongly insisted on putting up around her daughter's room the second she was born, which to non-family members appeared as an empty storage closet. Up to this day Aunt Joanne found it odd that what Odette had fought so fiercely about had saved their lives, even when the other Leighns insisted that it wasn't needed, that it was ridiculous really. " Brielle ! Brielle, listen to me." said Aunt Joanne frantically, rushing around the room as she spoke. "We need to leave, quick. Now. Those guys -they're not good people. If we stay here they'll surely kill us." She glanced nervously out the window. "Pack your things, and be fast at it. Please." Brielle snapped back to reality when she Aunt Joanne picked up her wand and whispered " Quietus ". Instantly, a small light shot from her wand and around the room. She stared. Aunt Joanne and Brielle didn't normally use wand magic or any magic really, instead opting to do things the way a Muggle would. It was for their safety, Joanne had always said. Acting like a muggleborn or half-blood would save them from getting killed. Personally, Brielle never understood why since she knew that the Dark Lord, the one who'd killed thousands upon thousands of magical and non-magical people alike hated muggleborns and half-bloods. In fact, he made it a habit to kill them for fun. Seeing her look, Aunt Joanne shook her head in a don't-think-about-it sort of way. So Brielle finally began moving. She understood that they were in danger, even if the realization did take some time to sink in. And then when it did, her heart began pounding rapidly in her chest, recognizing that she was in danger. Fear seeped into her bones, leaving a metallic taste in her mouth. Her hands shook as she blindly stuffed galleons and sickles into her magically expanded purple bag, which was capable of fitting half of her room belongings. It'd cost Aunt Joanne a fortune, more than ten galleons. Brielle had been horrified upon discovering this, even more so when she discovered that Aunt Joanne had gotten not one but two . All Aunt Joanne had done though was laugh at the look on her face and assure her that they had more than enough money. Not that she told Brielle how that was possible when they could barely scrape by. And it wasn't like Brielle wanted to know anyways. She'd learned over the years