Hey guys! It's me, The Penultimate Ending here, with my first fic on fanfiction . net! ^_^ It's based on the song 'Remember Me' by The Zutons, but is rather more angsty than the song :D Ever since I heard the song, this fic was begging to be written, so I hope you all enjoy reading it as much as I did writing it! It is different to both the book and film worlds in several ways, for the purpose of this song. By the way, Reviews. Are. LOVE. Enjoy! DISCLAIMER: I'm sure you know the drill. My writing ability isn't even a candle to the Sun that is Tolkien's. I couldn't possibly own this :) Well we used to be the best of friends And we used to hang around The huge ball that Queen Arwen had organised for all the nobles and ambassadors from other Kingdoms was beginning to wind down. Legolas sat in the shadow of a huge marble pillar, taking a moment's peace after the excitement of the evening. He was reminiscing. He remembered with perfect clarity the days before Aragorn's Crowning when he and the Man, along with Gimli, had set off to catch the Uruk-hai that had kidnapped Merry and Pippin. And before that, when he and Aragorn had been navigating the way for the Fellowship over treacherous terrain. He even recalled before that, when he had helped the Ranger hunt down the creature Gollum, through the woods of the lands before finally imprisoning him in his homeland, Mirkwood. Now I always see you and your new girlfriend On the sunny side of town He watched as the leader of the Dunedain, Ranger of the North, now Lord Aragorn laughed with his queen, the Lady Arwen Undomiel as they talked to an ambassador from Rohan. They were standing close together, smiling and being perfect hosts to their guests. The perfect couple. He observed as Arwen shifted her weight, turning to the side a little, and the Ranger moved with her, as one, shadowing her as closely as only lovers can. At this new angle, Legolas noticed his hand, splayed across the small of her back, obviously too in love to let go. Oh your body is the same and your face ain't changed But your mind ain't where it's at Legolas could see that his body, although now encased within the velvet and silver of the Royal garb rather than a rough woollen cloak, was still strong and lithe and he had kept his finesse, even through all his years as King. His eyes moved to Aragorn's face again. He was unchanged. A couple more grey strands of hair perhaps, a more salt-and-pepper look to his beard, the lines around his mouth (now from laughter, not frowns) a little more pronounced, but overall, unchanged. His eyes however, had changed their focus. Before, he had been intent on scouting out danger, hunting down evil, now they centred securely on his Queen, making the Man mostly oblivious to anything else. He watched every breath, every shift of weight, moving with her, keeping her secure with his absolute devotion to her. You're too busy hugging and a-kissing now And for you that can't be bad The Lady Arwen laughed again, catching the Man's eye. He chuckled too, holding her gaze for a long moment before suddenly leaning in and stealing a gentle kiss from her lips. He pulled back, grinning like a small child, and she smiled with him, and then turned back to the ambassador. Aragorn's eyes remained on her face, as if he was trying to drink in and memorise her flawless beauty. Legolas noticed that his hand had shifted so his arm was now more securely draped around her waist. The elf smiled softly, trying to crush the slight twinge of jealousy in his heart. He remembered how Aragorn had been as a Ranger, constantly alone. He had explained to Legolas once that he was naturally a lone wolf, but the blonde suspected differently. Though Aragorn had never asked for his company, he had never rejected it and, seeing Aragorn now, surrounded by people and completely devoted in his love, he wondered how the old Aragorn survived so well alone. But I've made a deal with the clouds Gonna turn that sun into rain Legolas looked at the Lady Arwen for a long moment. Her shimmering beauty enraptured all to cross her path, and he was not surprised Aragorn had fallen in love with her. He did notice, however, how her eyes kept flicking over to one of the elven guests, a tall, striking figure from Lothlorien. He wondered what her thoughts were on this elf, what images her mind was creating, and wondered how Aragorn had missed these glances. Love is blind. The old saying came to him abruptly. Aragorn didn't see the way her eyes wandered, because he didn't want to. Legolas immediately felt torn, and his stomach twisted, unsure of what to do. Who was he to instil doubts in the King's heart because of a couple of possibly meaningless glances? But Legolas looked harder, seeing the way Arwen's body was tilted a little more toward the chestnut-haired elf, how all her glances were coy and from under her thick lashes. He bit his lip with pearly teeth. How could he tell Aragorn of this, as a friend, when they no longer found the time to talk? How could he tell him that his Queen wanted another? So you forget about your love Come and see me again Legolas toyed with the idea for a long time. Looking at the Man that was once his greatest friend and almost constant companion, he knew that Aragorn was so in love, Legolas mattered little to him any more. He felt a sharp twinge of grief in his heart as he thought of how far he had lost his closest comrade to Arwen's shimmering beauty. Abruptly, all the times Aragorn had rejected his companionship in favour of his Lady's came to him, every time passed a spar in the courtyard or a hunting trip for lunch with his Queen. It hurt him, and a brief flame of jealousy flared hot inside him for a moment. He suddenly found himself longing for the old days, of he and Aragorn trekking through the wilds, on a hunt for game. He and Aragorn, sitting close round a campfire planning raids on an Orc camp. He and Aragorn, sparring every day in the leafy clearings of Mirkwood, both constantly trying to gain the upper hand over the other. He sighed resignedly. Oh remember me I'm your best friend And we don't talk no more He tried to remember the last time he had talked to Aragorn. Properly talked, not just as a passing gesture of acknowledgement in the corridors, or a formal greeting at meals or ambassadorial meetings. He couldn't recall one for a long, long time. He knew that Aragorn's Kingly duties, important things like deciding laws and running the Kingdom, took up an awful lot of his time, but he knew that came only second in the Aragorn's list of important obligations. His glorious, everlasting wife was his priority. The Man was a fool. Raising his eyebrows and the sudden inappropriate thought, Legolas was shocked at himself. Abruptly scowling at having worked himself into such a spiteful and melancholy mood, he took one last look at Aragorn before making the appropriate excuses and apologies to the appropriate people and leaving. The gathering was winding down and reaching its end anyway. Few would stay much longer. So if you're in the neighbourhood Don't forget to knock on my door He made his way almost absently to his rooms, still thinking furiously, despite now being away from the subject of his contemplation. Moving into the large central chamber, the elf sat himself down in a plush red chair by the quietly smouldering fire. His blue eyes were focused intently on the door to his suite, as if trying to burn a hole in it. Legolas was again remembering. A rush of memory suddenly flooded his mind at the sight of the door. That was that last time he and Aragorn had talked, properly that is. Aragorn had arrived unannounced, no messenger to tell of his imminent appearance, as was befitting of a King, no warning at all. Legolas had just heard a knock on his door and opened it, revealing Aragorn. He had swept in, sat down, then proceeded to talk about… nothing much, really, Legolas seemed to recall. Some stresses about a particular law, and an uprising of bandits on the border of Ithilien that Faramir had managed to subdue. He had mentioned that he missed his freedom, which is why he had slipped out of his extensive chambers for a walk. Legolas remembered feeling a little used all of a sudden. What was he? Someone that would give the King a place to hide when he felt like giving his Guards the slip? A puppet for him to spill out all his worries to, just because it wasn't something a King was not supposed to do? Legolas let the anger fill him for a while, letting it boil in his stomach, seethe through his veins and curl his pale, slender hands into tight fists. Cause I've got to keep the feeling, keep the feeling in Gotta keep the feeling, keep the feeling in He took a deep breath. Then another. He flexed his fingers, then gripped the chair's arms tightly, preventing any damage. Another deep breath. It wasn't often he let his anger overwhelm him so, but now he couldn't help it. It was a desperate anger, one that was born from feeling undervalued for so long, and it felt like liquid fire searing through his veins. He was a friend to the King, he was . Not just another advisor or guardian or servant to do his bidding. They had years of history, years of it, and he was thrown aside for an elfmaiden? How could the Man do that to him? How could he? Gotta keep the feeling, keep the feeling in Gotta keep the feeling, keep the feeling in Gritting his teeth, he eventually managed to squash he momentary rage down to a simmering in his stomach. A last deep breath and he pulled the layer of serenity he prided himself in keeping back over his emotions. The anger was clearly unnecessary, he found himself thinking. Aragorn still enjoyed his company, and was enjoying it while he could. Legolas was quite happy to listen to the King's worries, so why should he be angry? He was more that a convenience to Aragorn, wasn't he? Suddenly, Legolas had got up and yanked open the door again and was striding purposefully down the corridors. He needed to know that Aragorn still thought of him, still valued his advice and companionship, still reminisced about those old days of freedom. Now I stand upon your path And I'm shouting up to you The Royal Guards simply nodded to him when he arrived at the Royal wing of the palace. He used to be a very familiar visitor here, and they knew he was a trusted advisor to the King. Taking a deep breath, Legolas knocked sharply on the door and it was opened almost immediately by one of the Royal servants. She looked like one of Lady Arwen's many handmaidens. "Prince Legolas." She greeted him, curtsying. "I apologise, we were not expecting you." She glanced around the immaculate room, as if expecting him to complain about the mess. He was in a far too impatient and impulsive mood to care, even if there was any. "It's quite all right. Now, summon Lord Aragorn for me, I have matters to discuss with him." Legolas bit out, his impatience clawing at him, making him cold and purposeful. "B-but, he is with Her Majesty, Lady Arwen," the girl stuttered, clearly