Year : 309 AM ( Anno Mortuus , Year of the Dead) Place : Westmill Town This was bad. The blood was starting to seep through the rag, and the smell of fresh blood meant zombies would be coming to her like moths to a flame. Hick pulled the fabric tighter around the gash on her forearm and continued with light footsteps down to the run-down pharmacy. Please, please, please let there be supplies , she prayed. She searched through the shelves. Empty. The cabinets. Empty. Of course the whole place has been thoroughly ransacked – like every other shop in this desolate town. Hick walked right up to the transparent roller shutters to the shop's right and peered through. Beyond the impregnable plastic fortress were shelves and shelves of medical supplies. The cracks and fissures etched across the shutters suggested several unsuccessful attempts at forcefully breaking into the storeroom. She grabbed hold of the latch with her one good arm and tried to pull the shutter up, but of course it was locked tight. Out of habit, she looked over her shoulder and surveyed her surroundings. No sign of zombies approaching so far. She still had time. One look and she could tell the shutter had the classic wafer lock. All it needed was a ball pick to have the thing unlock. Good thing she carried her lock-picking kit in her haversack wherever she went. With just a few prods and turns, the lock clicked open and Hick grinned. "Who's the genius? I'm the genius. Who's the genius? Hick's the genius," she guffawed, tossing her lock-picking kit into her haversack. And the security alarm rang. "Oh fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck – " she quickly slipped into the pharmaceutical storage and made a grab for the medical supplies she needed. Fate just had to go and rain on her fucking parade. The siren was deafening, and each second the loud urgent wails persisted, the more vivid Hick could picture the army zombies that would soon arrive. She had to move fast now or every single flesh-eating corpse in town would be chowing on her to the very bone. Soon enough, the streets outside were starting to fill with the echoes of grunting, approaching zombies. Hick poked her head out through the back door. The back street was – thankfully – sparsely occupied with your run-off-the-mill, slow-footed, flesh-eating zombies. Their dimwitted ambling on thin rotting legs evoked such a lackadaisical attitude, one could almost always underestimate their cold iron-grip strength and sharp snapping jaws. "Thank goodness they're slow dumbasses," Hick muttered under her breath. With the dexterity she had honed over her years of fleeing death, she made a quick zip down the street to a mansion with tall, spiked fences and leaped over its relatively short back gate. She usually would have landed neatly on her feet had it not been for the still-healing bullet wounds on her left thigh (a story we will have to leave to tell later) and the fact that she had survived three whole days on a small packet of crackers. Shoulder blade met with concrete and she had to bite down on her lips to suppress the urge to scream. She looked at her watch. She still had to hang on for sixteen whole. "Leo better make sure his bright idea work," she grumbled. The moans and groans from the zombies finally petered out into reassuring silence and Hick picked herself up from the ground. The garden she intruded upon included a mansion, and that mansion stood tall and sturdy, towering over her petite frame. All the windows and doors were well barricaded with solid wooden planks. She couldn't smash through the windows with her right forearm so badly busted, and even if she could, the commotion would only alert zombies to her location. She shuddered at the thought of it. That would just be an instant recipe for disaster. Hick unwrapped the now blood-soaked rag from her arm and winced. If she didn't stitch that up now, it'd be infected as hell. So she laid out the items she got so far: the bottle of peroxide she got from the pharmacy, some fishing wire, a roll of rags and the smallest needle she had which was actually pretty much on the huge side for surgical suturing. Yep, the darn needle was going to make the whole experience hurt so bad. As soon as peroxide liquid met with raw flesh and throbbing sinew, a burning searing pain came fast and sharp, leaving Hick to writhe in agony on the ground until the pain subsided to a more tolerable level. She had to bound and gag her mouth with something. The next step was going to be even more painful. After a moment of fumbling about in her backpack, she retrieved the one and only spare shirt she had. "Can't trust myself to not scream here," and she proceeded to cram the shirt fabric into her mouth. With stark determination, she stuck the needle through her flesh and began to suture her wound shut with the first stitch. Each stab through the swollen, infected skin around the gaping wound was pure torture. It didn't help that the tiny rough grooves on the braided fishing wire made itchy, painful friction against freshly puncture flesh. Blood was starting to pour out profusely at the pain, making the needle slippery with blood. Steady now… Steady… Don't lose hold… Hick furrowed her brows in stark concentration. Eight years ago… Year : 301 AM ( Anno Morduus , Year of the Dead) Place : Sector Olympus, Division 13 Got it! An eight-year-old Hick quietly celebrated, her hands clasped together to imprison the little thing sitting motionless and unblinking on the soft flesh of her left palm. She wriggled off her tummy to her knees, careful not to let any cracks between her palms and fingers show. "You ready, Nico? She may be a bit heavy," she heard her mom's voice, and looked over her shoulder. True enough, there was Stefanie Valkyrie in the pale blue uniform she spotted every day – those were the clothes that veterinarians wore, or what Hick knew then as 'animal helpers'. The gossipy ladies with the green hairnets from the farm factory just down the road often remarked that the resemblance Hick shared with her mother was uncanny, but Hick knew better. Her mom was a beauty, with voluminous locks that cascaded down her shoulder. Hick's own head was an unkempt bundle of mess, like tangled up yarn string that's been pawed and mauled and chewed right through by ruthless kittens. She was nothing like the tall, beautiful lady standing in their backyard. Upon close inspection, the tall, beautiful lady was cradling in her arms what looked like a crumpled up heap of Hick's quilt. The unmistakable coos and babbles of a baby could be heard from where Hick stood at – the edge of a meandering stream. Stefanie slowly passed the bundled up little thing into the eager arms of an excitable eight-year-old Nico. "Isn't she pretty?" The little boy smiled in fascination at the tiny baby he held carefully in his arms. "What's her name?" Nico asked. Hick ran over and peered over her stepbrother's shoulder, their faces smooshed cheek-to-cheek. She gasped, "Why hello! Hello, baby!" "Hey! Don't push!" Nico exclaimed. "I wasn't!" "Mom!" "She's adorable isn't she? Her name's Hazel," Stef chuckled, ruffling the two little heads that were eagerly bending over the babbling tot. "Hello, Hazel!" Nico greeted. Hick stared down at the baby, mouth agape in fascination at this alien morsel of brown flesh. A moment of silence passed as all eyes stayed fixated on the baby. The baby stared back, mirroring their entranced expressions. Hick was the first to grow bored, "Whatttt… So that's it? She's not doing anything. She's just lying there. Where's daddy? Daddy!" Hick ran to the front of the house and kicked off her mud-crusted sneakers at the shoe rug. Her hand still clasped into a ball, she pushes the door handle down with her elbows and enters the house. The hallway was dark and silent. Hick took a step in and the floorboard creaked. The creature trapped within her hands hadn't moved a single inch on her palm. Hick uncurled her fingers to reveal a tiny dwarf green tree frog, otherwise known as a Litoria Fallax. As gently as she could, she sandwiched the little amphibian between her fingers and gingerly placed it at the tip of her left index finger. She liked this particular frog now. It looked so unafraid despite its teeny tiny size, and was obediently still. Its red eyes shifted to return Hick's stare, and it adjusted its tiny webbed feet so that is clung comfortably to the fingertip it was perched on. Hick tore her gaze away from the creature and started advancing down the hallway. "Daaaah-deeee," she called out softly. "Daaaah-deeee… Daaaah – " Hades stepped out of the kitchen and eyed the culprit behind the freaky calling. A look of relief replaced his alarmed expression. "Oh, it's just you! Sweetie, I told you already, you don't need to use your indoor voice anymore. It freaks the bejeezus out – " "Daddy, look!" she held up her finger in the air. The frog looked up at Hades. Hades froze. "Oh no. Oh no, sweetie, you've got to get that thing out of here before – " "Hey, dad!" came Bianca's voice from the kitchen. "I think we can make French toasts for dinner! The deadline for the eggs and – " Time stopped as both girl and frog lock eyes. Hick stared at Bianca's face of shock, and looked up at Hades' face of dread. Did I do something wr - Frog croaked. All hell broke loose. "No jam tonight?" Hick asked meekly as she peeked over the kitchen counter and stared up at Hades. It was dinner time and her dad was handing out the meal for the evening –some crummy lettuce leaves, a slice of apple and two slices of French toast with a small glob of apple jam. Well, excluding the jam for Hick. Hades shifted stern violet eyes to meet Hick's sad violet ones and his resolve started to melt. "You… I… it wasn't..." he sputtered. A French toast slipped off his spatula. "It's okay, I understand," and his little girl slipped her plate off the counter. He watched as she headed for the backyard. The pot of jam was sitting on the kitchen countertop, right in front of him. He stared at it long and hard. "Don't even think about," Stef remarked, wiping her greasy hands clean on her apron. He looked to his wife, who was shooting him a warning stare. "What?" "No jam for her, we agreed on that. Hick's got to learn, and you can't be so soft-hearted all the time." Oh, so she was going to dig up the past, is she? Hades folded his arms and scowled at the lady. "You're one to talk," he grumbled. "Excuse me?" "That kid you brought back without even consulting me?" "She's a baby, Hades. An abandoned baby, in a cardboard box without any blankets or clothes, and she was shivering and crying from the cold. I mean, who does that? And how am I suppose to leave her alone when she's left right at my clinic's doorstep?" Hades furrowed his brows in concentration. It was a facial habit Hick had picked up from him, a sign of being in deep thought. He looked up at his wife. "We can't save them all, Stef. I understood and was fine with it when you brought Bianca and Nico in. But this time, we're really stretching it." "So what now? You propose I leave Hazel to die?" "Hey! That's not fair! You know that's not what I meant! It's just that adding one more mouth to feed is really putting a