Inside & Out Summary: It has been a whole year since the Cullens left town and Bella behind. Bella is about to start her senior year and she's just starting to get her life back together, but maybe the arrival of a new student will help her move on. Note: Just to clear a few things Victoria & Laurent did show up wanting to kill Bella but the pack was able to kill both of them. Charlie and Bella moved to a new house, and Bella got a new car; a 1969 Chevy Camaro Convertible just like Damon's car in Vampire Diaries but a black one. You can say she got a new start. So I hope you like this new fan-fiction and please don't forget to review. … Chapter 1 I wake up from sun rays moving along my face, I turn around and look upon the ceiling. Today is the first day of my senior year and honestly I don't know how I feel about it. I know that I should be excited that next year I am off to college but I just can't help feeling that something is missing or someone is missing! I look at the clock and realize that I should probably get up and get ready for school. I look out of the window to see that Charlie's cruiser is not there, he must have left early for work. I take a look around the room and think how it's much different from my old one. It's three times bigger than the old one, its painted dark navy color and the floor are made of dark brown wood. There is a big walk in closet and my own private bathroom. There are book shelves all over the room filled with my huge book collection, and finally my all time favorite is a window seat; where I spend the entire night reading. I take a quick hot shower and go to find something to wear. I notice that the weather is nice for a change, so I decided on my regular skinny jeans and a white camisole with white flats, yeah another thing that changed is my fashion sense. I just really needed the change, something to take my mind off of things. I quickly pull my hair into a side braid and I head off to face my senior year. On my way out I quickly grab an apple as there is no time for breakfast; I lock the door and head to my new car. Mom and Charlie went all the way with my senior year gift and got me a totally new car; and I just didn't have a heart to say no to them …. I am just stepping out of my car when I get pulled by Jessica "Did you hear? Did you hear?" She asks jumping up and down like a five year old high on sugar. "Hear what exactly?" I ask "A new family just moved into town, and guess what they have a son that will start school with us. I heard that he's really really hot" She says with a drool "Don't you have a boyfriend, I believe his name is Mike" I say "Oh he's so old news" "Again, you guys broke up again! Jesus what is it third time this month" I tell her while walking into the school "Yeah, but it not my fault it's totally his" She says with an angry glare "I am so over him" "No offense Jessica but you kind of said the last two times" I chuckle "Whatever!" I smile knowing that in no time those two will be back together. "Hey I am going to the bathroom real quick" I tell Jessica "Ok, see you in class" I walk into the bathroom and luckily it's empty. I stare at myself in the mirror and whisper to myself "You can do this, just hold it together" I stay for a couple more minutes' just taking deep breaths; I realize that I am going to be late for class so I quickly walk out of the door. I took only a couple of steps when I collide with a hard figure. I would have been on the ground if the figure didn't take a hold of my arm. I look up and come face to face with a pair of gorgeous emerald green eyes. "Mmmmm, sorry" I whisper "No, it's my fault, I wasn't watching where I was going" He says in a deep husky voice. I take a good look at him and see that he has dirty blond hair, he is very very tall almost as tall as Emmet, and he has this bad boy look. He must be the new guy that Jessica was taking about. "It's ok" I pull my arm out his grasp "Excuse me" We both try to walk past the other but we head for the same direction each time. We both let out a laugh and he steps aside to let me pass. "Thanks" I whisper and he nods at me. I hurry down the corridor and take one last glance at him before I walk into the classroom. ….. The day passes quickly and I find myself in the cafeteria with the rest, I haven't seen the new guy again meaning he's not in any of my morning classes. Angela was telling me about her summer when three chairs were pulled suddenly, I look up and see Jessica, and Lauren with the new boy. "Hey guys this Noah Scott he's is the one who just moved here" Lauren tells us "Noah, this is Eric, Mike, Ben, Angela, and Bella" He smiles at me "Hi everyone" Everyone on the table greets him, and then the investigation begins. Lauren and Jessica asks him every question that is out there and at the end of lunch we know that he just moved here Ohio, his father is an architect and his mother is a lawyer. The bell rings and we all start gathering our things "So Noah what do you have next?" Jessica asks "Mmmm, Chemistry, English, and then History" He says "Oh, you have all three classes with Bella, you should head together" Angela says I stare in shock "Yeah, no problem" I notice a nasty look from Lauren and I roll my eyes We start walking to class in silence when Noah finally breaks it "So have you lived here your whole life?" "Not really, I used to live with my mom in Phoenix but I visited my dad every summer" I tell him. "I just moved back here almost two years ago, so trust me I know what it feels like; being the new kid" He smiles at me "Are those two always like this?" He asks and I know he means Lauren and Jessica "You're fresh meat, but don't worry they will back off eventually" I say "I hope so" He says in a whine ….. After school I head into down town and grab a few things for dinner tonight. When I get home I notice that Charlie's cruiser is in the driveway. I walk into the house adjusting the bags in my arms "Dad I am home, what are you doing back so early?" I put the bags into the kitchen and walk into the living room "Bella, here I want you to meet Mr. & Mrs. Scott" Charlie gestures to an elderly couple sitting on the couch "And their son Noah, they just moved to the house next door" ….. I stare at Noah for a couple of seconds, my mouth hanging open from the surprise of seeing him in my house. Not only that by he's my next door neighbor. "You!" We both exclaim at the same time "You two know each other?" Charlie asks "Yeah, we met this morning, at school" Noah replies "Great, so everyone knows each other now" I turn to Noah's parents "It's nice to meet you Mr. & Mrs. Scott." Noah's father is a brown haired man with a slightly dark complexion and green eyes. While his mother is blonde the same shade as Noah's with a fair skin and light brown eyes. "Same here honey, it's nice to meet a new friend of Noah's" His mother tells me I smile politely at her "I am about to start dinner, will you be joining us?" "Oh we can't possibly expect….." His mother tries to say "Of course they will, we can't expect you to cook when you're just settling in. Besides wait till you taste Bella's cooking, she make plates straight out of heaven." Charlie says I blush blood red "Excuse me" I go to the kitchen and start making dinner, one of the things I absolutely love about this new house is the kitchen. It's a huge American style old style kitchen, and unlike in the old one I don't feel trapped here and have the chance to explore more of my cooking talent I start making some grilled chicken breasts, garlic bread, and pasta with white sauce, after I finish most of the cooking I put the chicken into the oven; leaving it to be grilled. I hear a sound behind and I turn around to see Noah standing by the door. "Hey, do you need anything?" I ask "No, just wanted to check if you need any help" "Oh thank you, but I am already done" I say "Sorry about us barging in like this" He says "No it's really fine, it's kind of nice to see some company around here" I assure him "I can show you around if you want!" He clears his throat "Sure" I smile and gestures to him to follow me "So you already been to both the living room and the kitchen, Charlie's bedroom is down the hall from the living room, so upstairs it is" "After you" He gestures with his hand I climb the stairs to the second floor "The third floor is still not finished yet as Charlie doesn't know what to do with it. So here we have the guest room" I walk to another door "Bathroom" and then I walk to my door "And this is my bedroom" I let him walk inside first then I follow him in He whistles "Nice room, honestly I expected one of these cheesy girly rooms I always see in movies" "Umm thanks, I guess I will take that as a compliment" "You read all of these books" He points at all the book shelves "Yeah, several times actually. That's the only thing that helps me calm down" I sit down on the window seat. Noah picks up a book and begins to flip through it "So if I may ask what is it that made you and your parents move to the wettest place on the face of the planet?" I notice a sad smile on his face before he quickly hides it "My mother wanted us to move to someplace more quiet and peaceful. Someplace where she and my father would stop screaming at each other every night, a place where she won't cry herself to sleep" He murmurs. I stare sadly at him "I am sorry, I didn't mean to..." "No I am sorry I have no idea why I just said that" He rubs his face with his hands "Trust me I get it, my parents were somehow like yours, well they still am. Even after getting a divorce they still can't be in the same room." I tell him "How old were you, when they got a divorce?" He asks "Almost four months" I whisper After a few minutes of silence he straightens up and says "Well that was a not so pleasant conversation. Come on we should head back down, and besides I believe we will be seeing each other frequently" I stare at him in confusion "What do you mean?" He walks