Hunger Games: Bloody Hands Sometimes I wake up in the morning and I wonder if I am trying to kill myself. I lay here and I can see the sky, blood red and purple. It really is beautiful. This is both my most favorite and least favorite time of the day. I can almost reach out and touch what the district slaves call a god. I sit up in my bed and I can just see the sun rise over the spires in the west end of the Capitol. This place makes me sick, or it may have been the morphling. I wake up an hour later in the bathroom of my apartment. My bathroom is larger than the shacks most of the poor bastards in the districts live in. I find that a few hours have gone by. This must be what alcoholics call a blackout. I look at my face in the mirror, man I look like shit. Oh well, it helps me fit into the background. I don't want anyone looking at me too hard. People here don't like to see the darkness of this city staring back at them. I decide to get dressed and go for a walk; after all I have a victim to find so I can get home. People here refuse to see all the darkness in their everyday lives. They accept things like the hunger games while yelling and screaming for their victors, but death never seems to impact them like it really happened. It was on the monitor, so it feels less real. It is a different story when it's you looking into the eyes of the person whose life you have just taken. It's different when you watch the life slide out of someone through their eyes. That last little gurgle of breath left in the lungs when you pull the blade from someone's rib cage. I know this because I am a killer. I know this because I am a spy for District 13. My name is Noan. The name is a joke you see. In some old story from the world before there was a sailor of some nation trying to get home from a war. On his way he encountered a giant with one eye who tried to eat him and his men. He came up with a plan, but he feared that what he was going to do would anger people, so when the giant asked his name he replied, "My name is No one" and then the sailor blinded the giant. When the giant was asked who had blinded him, his only recourse was to say that no one blinded him, hence my name, Noan. I am also No one. The truth is I have no memories of my life at all before I woke up in Haven in D13. They said that it was a side effect of the explosion I was in. I lost my legs, both my arms and most of my face was gone. All of my injuries gave my creators a canvas in which to paint their masterpiece. I got new legs, the best they could make me. They use less protein and carbs to operate than their traditional counterparts. I have arms that have a few surprises in them, and they gave me the ability to mimic any face I see, but never the one I had. I might try someday if I ever find out what my old face looks like. The same device the men here use to shave their stupid designs into their beards has been repurposed by the men and women who put me here to learn everything I can about these abominations of men, these, creatures of self-amusement and whimsy. I am here to help my countrymen to learn how to destroy this place. It is an honor. I do what I do with a smile on my face. I walk by the train station looking for my victim; my current mission is completed now. I just have to find someone whose place I can take on the train. I was only to falsify some documents and replace the entries for several of the entries for the next hunger games, the 74th. I get around by train mostly. The hunger games give me a reason to be on the train with all the delegates and what not I can just take out one of the service people, mimic him, and I am clear until D12 where I go on foot north to D13. The hike gives me plenty of time to step on the morphling and get my shit together. Now I just need to find the asshole who is going to be my ride into D12. Most of the train's servers are Morphlings, not like me. I can handle my drugs. These bunch are the shadows who live in the dark underbelly of the Capitol preying on anyone who is smaller or unsuspecting. They prey on the foolish brave or the obscenely stupid. These crimes almost never make it anywhere and are quickly swept under the rug. Most folks don't know this but, the Capitol keeps a hidden regiment in the Capitol. It makes me laugh. The worst part of the city, where anything goes and the law is lawless is the place where they sleep. In any other district they would round up a hundred men and women and decimate them. I like that word, "decimate"; it is another antique I picked up from one of my doctors. It is an old world punishment for the military men of long ago. It meant that one out of ten men of each unit would be killed at random for some misdeed that the entire unit was responsible for. The Capitol likes to use a version of this to keep the people of the districts quiet. Back to business, which one of these scumbags are going to be my ticket home? I pull a metal string out of my right thumb; my handler calls it a Garrote wire. What this poor soul is about to find out in the last twenty or so seconds of his life is that the wire is designed to kill fast and without sound; I understand it is most unpleasant. It takes the average healthy person about forty five to one hundred and twenty seconds to die. This guy lasts less than thirty before his leg stops twitching and his chest is still. I have to hurry and get the machine on him before he starts to bloat or else I am going to have to go again. One of the ingenious little devices that the boys in the lab back home cooked up for me is actually Capitol technology they abandoned. There are called gene unravelers. The Capitol loves to change things: Tracker Jackers, Jabber jays, Mutts, the list goes on. They want to play like gods with the building block of man; well this technology comes at a price. While the scientists where attempting to make a substance that made their genetic restructuring easier by reducing the body's natural defenses to the procedures, they actually designed a compound that turns the hosts DNA into mush. The result of a body exposed to this crap is a small puddle of clear ooze that evaporates in seconds. My people were able to make it kill itself after one meal. It will not work on an entire room of people, but it turns one specific target into air. Just like this asshole on the ground after my machine gets its image. Green light, it is done. All I have to do is put it on me now and before his corpse is twisting in the wind I am a new man. I board the train as a waiter with no issues. No one looks at the help here. "Care for some Melange sir?" I say to the jackhole in prestige class. This is the part I hate. I don't mind killing people. It's serving assholes that makes me want to kill people. He brushes me off as I have interrupted him mid-sentence and I can tell he is very perturbed by the way his mascara is twitching and coming off in hunks. I smile for the first time in a long time. That reminds me that it is about time to knock off for the evening and perhaps have a little fun with some of the other working class morons. Then I see Johanna Mason. I was told to expect a contact on the train and that it would be someone they were sure I would recognize. Little Johanna won her games by feigning weakness and disemboweling her competition while they were looking for the real threat. A mistake I will not be making if she is indeed my contact. I have to attempt contact. I have nothing else to go on. If I am wrong though I have to terminate her and stuff her into a baggage car with all my morphling in her veins to avoid a search. My looks don't hold up for shit under a gene scanner. For that matter how the hell can she know who I am? D13 cannot know what I look like. This is a problem. I have been in the Capitol for so long I have no idea what the current passphrase is. They change it so often that all of the operatives have to carry burst receivers on us at all times. Mine is in my shoulder. We have to wear them off or we would run the risk of someone being able to hack the burst and we would give ourselves away. I have to get into a washroom take my shirt and apron off and access my sub-dermal carry compartment. That's a big word for the guts of my arm I use to carry my tools, one of the advantages of being a hollow man. I out the receiver and turn it on, wait for the signal, and it gives me the last two and their time stamps. In case you run into someone who has been deep for a while you can forgive them the last phrase if their timeline matches up to the timestamp. It doesn't mean you trust them completely, quite the opposite. You know not to kill them for the moment and that at any second they may kill you. If they are an interceptor working for the Capitol, they may just want your information. Mostly our information is useless unless it is combined with all the rest. Our reports are encrypted after we write them with a fractal rotating password. Only the boss can see. For his eyes only. I see her again after I have retrieved my phrases and she nods at me to the baggage car. We walk through the car to an old observation deck. "It's being hauled off as scrap," She says. I just look around at what is called scrap to the bourgeois of the Capitol. "Of course, it is last year's style and was featured heavily after the games. One does not want to see the same backdrop each year do they?" She smirks and begins to take her clothes off. I look around through the plate glass surrounding us. I look at her and her body is athletic perfection. Not my preference. I like a gal with a little more curve to her, but she is beautiful nonetheless. I began to recite the passphrase but she just puts her finger to my lips and says, "Later, you want to get high and fool around?" She produces a morphling nebulizer from under her discarded clothing. I look at her and hit the button on the wall that sets the doors to lock and blackens all the surfaces in the room but the celling and say, "I thought you would never ask." Despite the activity, the floor