How to live a life Chapter 1 A/N: Hello people! This is just my take on the next generation era, starting with Al's first year. I hope you enjoy it :) Disclaimer: I DON'T OWN ANYTHING! OoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOooOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoo (Directly from Deathly Hollows Epilogue, with slight changes for the purpose of this story) On the morning of the first of September, a little family made their way to Kings Cross Station. Two large cages tattled on top of the trolleys the kids parents were pushing, and the red headed girl trailed fearfully behind her brothers, clutching her fathers arm. "It won't be long, before you go too," Harry told her. "Two years," sniffed Lily. "I want to go now!" Albus's voice drifted back to Harry over the surrounding clamor; his sons had resumed the argument they had started in the car. "I won't! I won't be a Slytherin!" "James, give it a rest!" said Ginny. "I only said he might be," said James, grinning at his younger brother. "There's nothing wrong with that. He might be in Slytherin." But James caught his mothers eye and fell silent. The five Potters approached the barrier. With a slightly cocky look over his shoulder at his younger brother, James took the trolley from his mother and broke into a run. A moment later, he ran into platform nine and three-quarters. "You'll write me, won't you?" Albus asked his parents immediately, capitalizing on the momentary absence of his brother. "Every day, if you want," said Ginny. "Not every day, James told me people usually get letters from home only once a month," Albus told his parents. "We wrote to James three times a week, last year," said Ginny. "And you don't want to believe everything he tells you about Hogwarts," Harry put in. "Your brother likes a good laugh." Then, side by side, they pushed the trolley forward as they ran towards the barrier. Then the family emerged onto platform nine and three-quarters, which was obscured by thick white steam that was pouring from the scarlet Hogwarts express. Indistinct figures were swarming through the mist, into which James had already disappeared. "Where are they?" asked Albus anxiously, while looking down the platform. "We'll find them," assured Ginny. But the vapor was dense, and it was difficult to make out anybody's faces. Detached from their owners, voices sounded unnaturally loud, Harry thought he heard Percy discoursing loudly on broomstick regulations, and was quite glad of the excuse not to stop and say hello. "I think that's them, Al," said Ginny suddenly. A group of four people emerged rom the mist, standing alongside the very last carriage. Their faces only came into focus when Harry, Ginny, Lily, and Albus had drawn right up to them. "Hi," said Albus, sounding immensely relieved. Rose, who was already wearing her brand-new Hogwarts robes, beamed at him. They all continued having small talk, then Ron caught sight of the Malfoy's. "So that's little Scorpius," said Ron under his breath. "Make sure you beat him in every test, Rosie. Thank God you inherited your mothers brains." "Ron, for heavens sake," said Hermione, half stern, half amused. "Don't try to turn them against each other before they've even started school!" "You're right, sorry," said Ron, but unable to help himself, he added, "don't get too friendly with him, though, Rosie. Granddad Weasley would never forgive you if you married a pure blood." Little did Ron know though, that pointing him out to Rose and Albus would not make them enemies, but best friends. "Hey!" James had reappeared; he's had divested himself of his trunk, owl, and trolley, and evidently bursting with news. "Teddy's back there," he said breathlessly, pointing back over his shoulder into the billowing clouds of steam. "Just seen him! And guess what he's doing? Snogging Victoire!" He gazed up at the adults, evidently disappointed by the lack of reaction. "Our Teddy! Teddy Lupin! Snogging our Victoire! Our cousin! And I asked Teddy what he was doing-" "You interrupted them?" said Ginny. "You are so like Ron-" "-and he said he'd come to see her off! And then he told me to go away. He's snogging her!" James added as though worried he had not made himself clear. "Oh, it would be lovely if they got married!" whispered Lily ecstatically. "Teddy would really be part of the family then!" "He already comes round for dinner about four times a week," said Harry. "Why don't we just invite him to live with us and have it done with?" "Yeah!" Said James enthusiastically. "I don't mind sharing with Al-Teddy could have my room!" "No," said Harry firmly, "you and Al will share a room when I want the house destroyed." (End of Deathly Hallows Epilogue) Meanwhile, 10 minutes earlier, on the opposite side of the platform... "I am going to miss you so much, Teddy," Victoire told her boyfriend, running her hands through his blue hair. "I know, Vic. I am going to miss you too," Teddy then cupped her cheek and bent down to give his girlfriend a loving kiss. After about 15 seconds of snogging, they got interrupted by the one and only James Sirius Potter. "Hey, what are you two doing?" James asked while he arrived on the scene of Victoire and Teddy's snog. "What do you think, James?" Victoire said sarcastically, rolling her eyes. James gave Victoire a sly grin, "Well it looked like you were snogging to me, but-" "It was a rhetorical question, James, just get out of here, will you?" Victoire asked him, an annoyed tone in her voice. James put his hands up in defense and slowly backed away from the young couple. Victoire turned back to Teddy, who was just as annoyed as her, "you think he is going to tell everyone?" "It's James we're talking about, of course he will," Teddy told her with a frown. "Damn him! That is not his news to share! I guess there is no point in telling everyone now," Victoire complained. "We could still clarify it to everyone, I don't think anyone will know if he is telling the truth or trying to seek attention, because after all, it is James telling them this," Teddy told her. "Yeah, I guess you're right. Plus,I don't think he told everyone, probably just his parents, Uncle Ron, and Aunt Hermione," Victoire pondered. "Yeah, lets get going, we've got to get you on the Hogwarts express here soon, or you'll miss the train!" Teddy told her as they started to walk towards the whole Potter-Weasley clan, which were now all together, minus the children going to Hogwarts. As they approached them, Ron asked as he grinned evilly, "Hey, is what James told us true?" "Is what true?" Bill asked in confusion, he was not present when James came by. "That if Victoire and Teddy are dating," Harry told Bill, Harry, who already knew, was anxiously waiting to see how all this was going to go down. After Harry told Bill this, everyone who was not there when James announced this, looked at the coupe with wide eyes, but everyone was anxiously waiting for an answer. Victoire and Teddy shared a look, "Yeah, it's true." George laughed, "Bought time you two kids got together. By the way, you owe me five galleons, Ron," George said while he held his hand out to Ron, who sucked it up and pull some galleons out of his pocket.. "You guys were betting on when we would get together?" Teddy asked, offended by the two people he considered his uncles actions. "We're Weasley's we bet on everything. I said it would be during the summer before Victoire's seventh year , Ron thought it would be during Christmas break of this year," George explained to the young couple. Any further conversations of the topic was finished when they heard the Hogwarts express whistle blow. Victoire gave quick hugs out to everyone, and an especially long one for Teddy, which got some wolf whistles from Ron and George. Victoire then headed for the Hogwarts express, ready to kill James bloody Potter, but then remembered she had to get to the heads meeting, so James death would have to wait. While Victoire was waking down the hallways she saw her friends in a compartment and gave them a quick wave, then continued her way to the heads compartment. When she arrived, she was not surprised to see who the Head Boy was. Frank Longbottom, son of Neville and Hannah Longbotton, and also one of her best friends. He was a tall boy, probably about six-one. He had dark brown hair and blue eyes. "Hey Frank," she said, giving Frank a big hug. "Hey Vic, I would ask you how your summer was, but since you are late, we really should get this meeting started," Frank told her. "Sorry about that, Frank, James just made what was supposed to take 2 minutes, a little longer than expected," Victoire explained to him.. "It's fine, but now you have to tell me what he did after this, okay?" Frank responded. "Of course, Frank," Victoire said with a smile. They then started the prefect meeting. Which didn't take long at all. They then made a schedule for rounds quickly and made their way back to their compartment to find their friends. "So Vic, what did James do?" Frank asked curiously. "Wait till we get to the compartment, then I don't need to say it twice," Victoire told him. "Okay," Frank answered. You could tell he was very curious, and you couldn't blame him, Victoire was hardly ever late. They kept walking until they saw their friends in a compartment. They all waved when they saw Frank and Victoire open the door. "Look at who made Head Girl and Boy, congrats guys, you deserve it," said one of their friends, Chloe Smith. Chloe Smith was a short, skinny girl, only about five four. She had dirty blonde hair just past her shoulders, sea foam green eyes, and was a pure blood from America. "Yeah, congrats guys, and guess who is Quidittch Captain? Olivia!," said an outraged Luke Williams, another one of Frank and Victoire's friends. Luke Williams was a very tall boy, probably about six-two. He had strawberry blonde hair, hazel eyes, and was muggleborn . He was a great quidittch player, and especially sense he only started to fly in second year, he played chaser on the Gryffindor team. "Congrats Olivia, you sound jealous Luke," Victoire told her friend. "Yeah right," Luke lied terribly on purpose, because he was jealous. "Thanks Vic, but Luke, sure you're not," said their other friend, Olivia Wood, sarcastically. Olivia Wood was the Daughter of Oliver and Katie Wood (née Bell). She was at a slightly above average height of about five-eight. She had long, wavy light brown hair, ice blue eyes, and was half blood. She was also on the Gryffindor quidittch team with Victoire and Luke (Victoire was seeker), but she played keeper, like her father. "Shut up, Olivia, you know I deserved that badge," Luke told her. "Well, unlike you, I sleep, breath, and live on quidittch! Plus, it's in my genes, my dad was quidittch captain, you know?" Olivia told him. "Yeah, you only told us a million times," Luke shot back at her. Before Olivia could make another snarky remark, Chloe jumped in and said, "will you guys stop fighting for once, let's talk about our summers now that Frank and Vic are here." "Good idea, Chloe let's have Vic go first because she was about to tell me why she was late," Frank told everyone. "Ok then, well where should I start..." Vic started to say, paused for a second, then started again, "well I should first start with saying I have a new boyfriend." "Oh my Merlin, Vic, who? Tell me," said Chloe, she always loved some good gossip, which reminded Vic of her sister Dom. "If you would let be finish,