Hey!! Sorry for the fake out posting of the first chapter if you got that i forgot how to post new stories is been so long haha. Okay so i know i have once chapter left of The Bet, which is going to be up tomorrow, but this this the first chapter of my new story. Please note that this isn't the sequal to The Bet, this is something completely different. I had this idea floating around for a long time now. Rest assured i am still doing a sequal to The Bet, once i have a few chapters of this one up i will be posting the sequal so don't worry. Now onto this one. This started out much darker and angsty but im not good at overly angsty stuff i decided, plus this turned into someting better than i started with, so yeah. Bella is abit lost, and Edward has problems. For the first few chappys there is going to be lack of other characters, maybe a little bit here and there but they are all still in it i promise. Rated M for Language and Future sexy times (Oh yes!) So please Enjoy I've been driving for an hour Just talking to the rain You say I've been driving you crazy And it's keeping you away So just give me one good reason Tell me why I should stay Cause' I dont want to waste another moment In saying things we never meant to say And I.. Take it just a little bit I... Hold my breath and count to ten I... I've been waiting for a chance to let you in If I just breathe Let it fill the space between I'll know everything is alright Breathe Every little piece of me You'll see, everything is alright If I just breathe - Breathe - Michelle Branch Bella POV "Isabella Marie Swan I swear to god if you walk out that door don't even think about coming back here!" my mother shouted as I grabbed the handle on the front door. I paused but didn't make any attempt to move. I knew she was bluffing, as if she could take care of herself, her new husband was only 4 years older then me, how the hell was he going to look after her. But after everything that had happened the last few weeks I didn't give a damn anymore "Mom you made your preferences pretty damn clear" I said refusing to turn around "I don't believe any of it" she said. I smiled to myself despite the anger coursing through my veins, obvious where I got my stubbornness from. She didn't want anything to penetrate her happiness bubble at the minute even her own daughter telling the truth. Slowly I moved my hands away from the door handle and I heard her sigh in relief "Its okay baby, we can settle this. If you just apologise everything can go back to normal" she said tucking a strand of hair behind my ear "I'm not saying sorry to that dick" I muttered "Language Isabella" she shouted "If your going to stay here your going to say sorry" she said sharply and just like that the woman standing in front of me was no longer my mother. Grabbing her hand and moving it away from my face I stalked up to my bedroom with her hot on my heels "What are you doing" she shouted as I began filling my bag with clothes "What's it look like, I'm leaving, I refuse to apologise to that ass when I have done nothing but tell the truth and your head is so clouded by love that you will believe anything he says over your own daughter" I said stiffly as I grabbed my purse shoving the necessitates in. Phone, iPod, camera, batteries, money, keys. I continued to repeat my mantra in my head as I got everything and placed my shades on my head I turned sharply to grab my keys and winced clutching my stomach. "Damn it" I muttered walking into the bathroom grabbing my toothbrush and other items, along with some bandages and my pills "Honey be careful, that's what happens when you don't pay attention on the stairs" she said rolling her eyes "Yeah the stairs that's what happened" I laughed bitterly "Don't start this again Bella I'm sick and tired of it" she sighed "Well you don't have to worry about it much longer" I said in distaste "Where will yo go?" she asked trying to sound like she didn't care, but I knew better. This was the last thing she wanted but she was far too proud to stop me now "Ill go to dads" I shrugged "Your not driving halfway across the country" she shouted sternly "Yes I am, ill have time to think things through" I muttered "But what about your life here" she said softly, and I almost broke down "Apparently there isn't anything for me here anymore, maybe a change is what I need" I said trying desperately to hold back to tears "You don't have to do this honey" she said clutching my hand "I love you mom, so much. But right now you have hurt me, so much" I kissed her on the cheek gently before whispering a goodbye and walking out the house. As soon as I got in my truck I started it as quickly as it would start in its decrepit state and peeled off the driveway quickly leaving my house behind before I could change my mind. Truth be told I was hurt, more than hurt, I was so fucking angry that my own mother let me walk out my house and out of her life all for her new toy boy. I gripped the steering wheel as I thought back to the past few weeks, my mother was never one to hold interest in something for very long, she was very scatterbrained and somewhat childlike but we balanced each other out. When Phil came along I was happy for her, she was so excited and I wanted her to have some happiness but as things progress at lightening speed I became a little worried about everything, Phil wasn't the type of guy I would want her to settle down with really, he reminded me of the peter pan of college frat boys...he never grew up. I tried to talk to her but she was so clouded with love and admiration for him that she didn't even notice her daughter of 21 years trying to tell her some home truths about him. Not that it made a shred of difference, it turned out that a new sex toy was more important than family and so here lies my life at the minute. Stopping on a deserted street and cutting the engine I finally let my rage overpower me and I began beating the shit out of my car and screaming at the top of my lungs, not really the best solution but it was only a matter of time before the tears began flowing down my face and I turned into that little 7 years old girl who was desperate for her mom, yep I had officially reverted back into a fucking child. I lay down on the seat in my truck wrapping my coat around me, I know I'm in the middle of phoenix but its gets fucking freezing here in the night. Letting even more sobs escape my body I fell into a confused and tormented sleep. I woke up with a start the next morning, looking round dazed trying to work out exactly where I was, oh yeah mother abandoned me, let me leave home, doesn't even know if I'm going to Charlie, hell I don't even know if I'm doing that. Fantastic. Running my hands through my already messed up hair I started the engine and pulled back out onto the deserted road continuing to drive as far away as possible. I'm sure my mother thought that after a night away I would come back with my tail between my legs apologising and begging to come home, unfortunately I'm a stubborn bitch, its okay I can admit it, so I continued driving, to where I had no idea. After about an hour of driving along a deserted patch of road I came across a gas station and diner Y'know the type, really dindgy with peeling paint, a door that is always banging and a waitress that looks like she has been transported there from the 50's. Regardless my stomach was grumbling for something more than a bottle of water so I pulled up and slowly walked inside. The first thing I noticed was the stench of grease that hit me as soon as I walked through the door, I'm surprised my hair wasn't slicked with grease it was so thick in the air, a small radio was playing some random country music in the corner and the blinds were drawn slightly on the windows, still it didn't stop the sunlight from working its way in and creating a warm yellowy tinge in the diner which for some reason made it a little more welcoming I slowly made my way to a booth in the far corner where I could see my car, not that it mattered, aside from one other car and a motorbike there was nothing else there "What can I get you honey" the waitress said hovering over my table with a pen and paper in hand "Just some pancakes and a coffee please" I said smiling at her. She forced a smile and stalked away as my attention went back outside, I had no clue at all where I was going to go all I knew was I was going to miss Phoenix so much. I loved the heat and the sun, I missed the desertedness of it all. Would I eventually wind up in forks, should I call my dad? So many things were running through my head. God I hadn't planned this well at all. "And she sits and contemplates how she wound up in this place and what brought her here" a voice said from beside me. I looked up to see a boy standing next to me, he mustn't of been much older then me, 23 at the oldest, his wavy dirty blonde hair looked sun kissed under his cowboy hat and his dark eyes bore into mine, almost as if he were trying to read into my soul, but his smile was genuine "I'm sorry, but can I help you with something?" I asked, clearly confused at why this stranger would be here next to me "You look lost" he said sliding into the seat opposite me "No I know where I am thanks" I smiled "Not like that, I mean In life, your wondering why you ended up here and you don't know where your life is heading" he mused staring at me. I was gobsmacked, this stranger was telling me everything about my life and I had know him less than 2 minutes "You don't know anything about me" I muttered as the waitress bought my coffee over "No I don't darlin and you don't look like someone whose gonna give up that information easily but Its just an observation" he smiled "Yeah well for future reference keep your observations to yourself" I said folding my arms stubbornly "Oh I'm sure you'll give them up eventually, remember the age old saying" he started "What never expect a Spanish inquisition" I said sarcastically as he laughed and I tried to fight back my smile realizing the irony of my statement " Fitting" he laughed "But no, I was referring to the fact that its easier to talk or tell things to a stranger because they wont judge you like a friend will" he shrugged. He had a point but this was too much