Summary: A fusion of myth and legend . Yet another Epiphany story. Characters: Radagast, Alatar and Pallando Disclaimer: Uses the mythological characters created by Tolkien, the legend of magi / three wise kings from the east in the popular Christian belief and the Biblical characters Simeon and Joseph. Warning: This is a first draft. Please feel free to let me know your thoughts. A Star in the East The Lost Ones Ages had passed since they came, and the world had changed much. But still they plodded wearily, to redeem themselves. Pallando and Alatar had forgotten all they once were, till Radagast, the one with his staff unbroken found them. None of them could remember their days of glory in the West. They had forgotten all about the golden shores of Valinor and the fair songs of the nightingales of Lórien. Not even a single vision of glory of the West remained in their memory they could recollect. The blue wizards, sent as emissaries of the West to unite the men of the South and the East against Sauron, had begun their work earnestly. But somewhere along the way, they lost track. Their magic guilds became places for necromancy where men offered human sacrifices. And their eyes were blinded by a greed for power, until a day came when their staffs were broken. They trudged in their separate ways for years, cursed by their eternal life. Many a thousand days passed when they wailed in their own disappointment of a lost dream, even when they couldn't remember that dream or their quest. Radagast the brown, sent at the request of Yavanna, the friend of birds and beasts, trudged in the land of men as he tried to rejuvenate the land and its fruits. He could only play a little role in the defeat of Sauron, and that was an insufficient price for his return to West. Neither did he wish to return there, for he always thought it was never his home. He lost track of the days of his labor, as he trudged along drab and weary lands of the East, until by chance he met two strange yet ancient men at wayside. ∝ Radagast had always worn drab robes, little had he changed over the years, although his hair had turned whiter and his back was bent quite unlike when he first came to Arda. He was on a journey to Babylon, and the sun was setting in the west, when he met a caravan on road, making their camp. He noticed a group of men sitting around a fire and warming themselves in the crisp, yet chilly spring night. As he stood a little away observing the men, a man turned around. He was in his mid twenties. The stranger addressed the Maia, "Master, it is a chilly night. Will you not join us at the fire and make yourself warm?" It was then he noticed that, he himself was shivering. When he joined the fire, he noticed two men in particular. They were clad in faded blue robes. One was bald, the other had a few hairs left. Both were dark, and their face wrinkled as an evidence of their toils under the sun. Both were huddled close to fire. "Let me not interrupt your conversations," Radagast kindly said as he joined them. The Maia listened to the man who invited him to the fire. Radagast inferred from the talks that this man was from Saba, a region further south, but had spent some years in Taxila. Another man, who seemed to know his host well said, "We have been watching these signs of Great King for the past two years. Will you only consider him to be a solution for all our political problems?" "Does the whole world under one ruler solve all our issues?" his host replied in an equal easy manner. This sudden reply piqued Radagast's curiosity. "Who is this great King?" "It has been foretold by Balaam, the son of Beor in ancient times that a star shall come forth out of Jacob and a scepter shall rise out of Israel, and he shall crush the foreheads of Moab and the skulls of all the sons of Sheth. We have been following his star to Jerusalem from Babylon," his host replied. "Isn't such a ruler with great power harmful to the nations?" Radagast inquired as he scanned the southern skies to spot any special star. "But it is also written, all the nations shall be blessed through him. That is why we go to worship him," a third man much older than the two who already spoke, replied to Radagast. For much of the evening, he contemplated in silence to piece together parts of a conundrum as his host and the group of men around fire continued their debate on a philosopher king and the Messiah of the Jews and his star. Radagast was so deep in contemplation that he did not realize when all the men had left the fire leaving him alone with the two old men in blue. † Little acts of Kindness "You must be on your way to Damascus. Where do you come from?" one of the men clad in blue asked. "Indeed, I go to Damascus. I set sail from Cyprus, and came ashore Galilee and have been traveling hence northwards for the past nine days," replied Radagast. "And alone you travel?" the third man asked. "Indeed, we must all," with a sigh he answered his rhetorical. "Indeed," concurred Radagast as he searched the downcast eyes of the two men seated before him. Recognition dawned on him. "Alatar, Pallando!" "I have not been called that in a long time," both of them started simultaneously in Valarin. It was obvious to Radagast, despite them sitting next to each other, the two old friends had not recognized as each of the Maiar examined one another. Their eyes sparkled with a renewed hope and anticipation, for it was by chance that Radagast came that night and recognized them; and if not for Radagast they would have never recognized each other. "I joined this caravan only two days ago, when it set out from Damascus," said Alatar in all haste eager to hear the stories of Pallando and Radagast. "I've been traveling with them from Babylon," said Pallando turning to Radagast. "I already told you I were on my way to Damascus. Chance indeed has brought us together again," Radagast replied to their inquiring gazes. "What takes you to Jerusalem?" Radagast asked them. "Hope of men," the minds of the blue wizards whispered. A gentle breeze blew from south, as the trio gazed at each of their eyes and spoke volumes unbeknown to the men who were getting ready to sleep. Shuffling sounds of a pair of feet brought the Maiar back to awareness of their surroundings. Radagast turned his head around and saw the young man who had invited him to the fire. "Master, you do not seem to have a tent. Will you not join me in my tent and tell me of your tales?" the host said gazing at Radagast. The other two Maiar bid good night to Wadi and Radagast, to join their own hosts. "Thank you, young master," Radagast addressed his host. "Call me Wadi. We are all travelers meeting at nick of time." They entered the well made tent, which spoke volumes on the wealth of the host. Eyes of the Maia scrutinized the contents of the temporary room and returned his gaze to its owner. The man answered with a smile to the unasked question, "My father was a merchant, I had traveled with him from Saba to Susa and Taxila and even as far as Luoyang, since I were a little boy." Wadi arranged an extra seat for his companion on the rugged floor by layering the animal skins as he spoke, and one of his man servants arrived at that moment with some bread and dried fruits as well as a small wine cask and couple of glasses. "You can call me Radagast. I've been on my way to Damascus, until I met your traveling party." "Why, is it not so anymore?" "If you will allow me to join you on your trip to see this Prince of Jews, I would also like to see him very much." "Indeed, you may. It is your choice, Master." Wadi took the offered platter from his servant, setting them on a rug and poured wine on to the proffered cups. He handed out one cup to Radagast and took the other for himself and gestured Radagast to be seated next to the platter. "I have had my supper, but it seemed to me you have not, Master Radagast." "You are very generous, Master Wadi." "My father taught me so." "He taught you well," Radagast smiled at the kind mortal. "Where is your father, young master?" "On our way from Taxila, he was taken ill at Babylon." "You have indeed come a long way to see this Prince." However, Radagast did not venture into the topic of his father. Instead he broke the bread and took a bite. "It was his wish to see the Messiah. Alas, he couldn't! Instead he made me promise to deliver the gift he specially made for the prince." "And that was his last wish," Radagast completed the unsaid part of his host's words. Wadi turned his face away as his eyes watered, to adjust the wick of a lantern that lit the tent. Radagast did not need to see the young man's face to comprehend his sorrow. He had walked the surface of earth for more than five hundred generations of men. "Your father must have been a very good man, so as to have such a great desire to see a prince of a strange people, and to make you promise to give a gift that he made specially for an unknown man." "My father Kabir and his friends had formed a league of merchants to help each other when on road. It must have been a long time back. Artabanus of Susa and Aretas of Damascus have been his close friends, and they had traveled together a lot, while on road to India and Sinae. They often camped out at Taxila with Pariksit, a silk merchant, with whom they would discuss of many things." There was a small smile on Wadi's face as he reminisced. "It had not always been easy to be merchants on the road, with a hostile government and overzealous brigands." Wadi chuckled humorlessly. "They had sworn to protect each other, and have been so all these years. When I started traveling with my father as a young boy, he made me take an oath of comradery and secrecy." He paused as if in doubt. "You can trust me, young Master. Not a single word of this shall be spilled from the mouth of this old man." "I somehow believe, I can trust you. Your eyes reflect wisdom of long journeys." "My father was my teacher. His friends also took their turn to coach me each of their little trade secrets. It wasn't so long ago when Aretas studied the scriptures along with my father. As a boy I used to run their errands, while they holed up. They had much interesting discussions when Artabanus visited them. They will study the night sky, drawing up charts, all while waiting for their goods and at times spending like three months in Susa or Taxilla. They taught me much." "It was not more than two years ago, when Pariksit sighted a special star in the Aquarius. Since then they had been diligently working to figure out what it meant. It was not more than six months ago, while we were in Babylon that we sighted the seal of Solomon. My father passed away not much after that." Wadi took a beautifully handcrafted box, and opened it