RENDEZVOUS. The bell rings, and the students enter to their respective classes where they will spend forty minutes of their lives doing nothing but dreading the long boring talk that their teachers will explain about. All about things like how education is important and shit, but in the end it's just some stupid excuse for them to find fault in their students. They always have things to talk about, and they just love to rehash the student's mistakes; expecting them to do something about it with the teachers standing there running their mouth like a lunatic or some parent that doesn't know when to shut up. Peeta never enjoys the teacher's long lecture, but being the average student that he is with nothing but a 3.4 GPA, and a talent in making pastries that will instantly make him likeable despite his questioning sexuality, he soldiers himself as his ears literally are on the verge of bleeding out of its eardrums. He taps his pencil on his book repeatedly, with its beat and rhythm unchanging with hopes that the act will be far more entertaining that the pressing lecture that his teacher, Miss Trinket is going on about. He loves English, don't get him wrong. It's just the long tirade that he hates, or as many people in the modern world would call, the people teaching you is the person that everyone hates. He slouches in his seat further, and when Miss Trinket finally has her fill, she opens the book and teachers them of the fine, exquisite literature of Sense and Sensibility by Jane Austen. Peeta mentally scoffs. Yeah, right. Says no one ever. He opens the book, and turns the pages economically as she drones on. He never likes the idea of Jane Austen's books. It's like a beacon for remakes. As if Pride and Prejudice wasn't enough for a book, zombies come in, elevating the hype of the period setting. What's to say that this book will be remade into something more preposterous, only this time they add some deadly plague or ghouls with vampires? Pure nonsense, is what Peeta would describe it. If he were to meet such authors who have ideas of putting their own variation of the story, he'll probably read that rather than the original in spite of his hypocrisy. He sits next to his best friend, Gale and Katniss, who too, looked like they have already seen the brightness of their future. Not. He hears the dramatic expressions Miss Trinket pulls out and Gale couldn't help but smirk deridingly at her antics. Sure, being best friend is one thing, but when you have a best friend who's literally bored out his wits to the point he just wants to smile or smirk in both hysteria and mockery? Priceless. The class finally ends with the bell ringing, and without sparing another second of his time does Peeta pack his belongings and walk out of the class, not bothering to wait for his two friends who would rather take their time to carry their slowly decaying bodies to pack their bag due to the boredom of their class. He walks through the wave of students, not caring whether his idea of shoving is considered rude or just unintentional. He finally reaches his locker, and unlocks the metal door, before opening his bag and dumping the sad excuse of a literature book into the interior of his locker. He can hear the locker next to him being opened, and he closes it once he finishes dumping and removing whatever items he needs and doesn't from the locker. He locks the locker, and turns his head to the left only to receive a harsh shove. Peeta's body collides with the locker and the snickers from the guy who has pushed him only irks him by a fraction. "Queer," says the voice he knows all to well. He looks at him, with his shirt hugging him and displaying the ripped aspect of his body like it's no one's business and walks with his friends, who were all laughing alongside him over what he has done. Peeta's used to it, besides he has more pressing things to do than spend his year in school being sour and angst about it. "Hadley at it again?" says a voice next to him. Peeta turns to the voice and sees it's Gale. He gives an amused look, clearly not surprised that he will receive a fraction of what a normal bully would usually invest his time in when he sees his prey. Peeta rubs his sore shoulder soothingly, and he nods at Gale's question. "He's gonna get it one day, you know that, right?" Peeta does know. He clearly knows that all too well, and he isn't going to deny that at all. He has never placed bad or ill judgment nor wishes towards his enemies, but the temptation to do that is so strong he wonders how he'll handle the upcoming situation if he were to snap. He shakes his head silently at Gale, who's now busy unlocking the combination of his locker code. He opens the locker and put his book inside before shutting it once more. "Come on, let's just get out of here," says Gale, "Katniss' meeting us at The Hob and we better not keep her waiting," says Gale factually. Peeta nods before the two walk away, with a smidgeon of relief and content running through their cerebral when they finally leave the school building. … The Hob is the campus' lounge area for the students and teachers. Many flock there due to the food they serve. The chef, Greasy Sae, as she likes to call herself, has been dubbed as the mother or second mother they never have. She cooks a wide range of delicacies, but for any freshman that is attending the curriculums and curricular of the school, they have to know about The Hob. Only a fool will be oblivious to such existence of a lounge area. The Hob is quite commodious, allowing almost a building of students to lounge there. It has three floors, so space is never an issue when it comes to serving the customers. Most go there to try the baked potatoes or stew that Greasy Sae cooks while others go there for studying purposes. In an overall view, it's a place to relax and hang out, and in the end even the studious ones will come out laidback once they enter the confines of The Hob both alone or with the company of friends. The place has a vintage atmosphere, something that students these days have liked. The tables are made of varnished wood, and the chairs are build in plastic, allowing some modernity to fit in. There are booths built in the area, allowing the students' relationship to bolster. Teachers too, cannot deny the place. Just ask Mr. Abernathy. He always makes it his custom to come here and have a drink when school sessions are all done. The Hob opens daily, never closing. The door bell rings when Gale and Peeta enter The Hob. It doesn't take long to find Katniss, who is casually waving her hand to signal her presence. Gale waves back with the same passion, while Peeta gives a soft smile at her. They walk to her table, and join her. A small basket of fries in on the table, as well as a small saucepan of squirted mustard and ketchup on it. A glass of half drank milkshake is on the table too. Before Peeta could even get a taste of the perfection in the form of a fry, Katniss drops in the question he almost begins to hate hearing. "Hadley at it again?" asks Katniss with an amused smirk. Peeta hates it when his friends can see right through him. It makes him feel stupid for not able to enamor himself from the deep scrutiny of his friends. Out of the two of his friends, it's almost neck at neck. They both can read him as well as he could read his friends. Katniss would usually just catch him right in the act, while for Gale, it only takes a hug to let Peeta reveal his innermost feelings. Peeta rolls his eyes, wondering why a thing called life needs to have this compulsion to bite him in the butt every few times. "Yes, Katniss. He was," Katniss and Gale snicker at the reply, and the waiter, Annie - who is a friend of Katniss - comes in with a warm smile on her face. Peeta and Gale smile at her in greeting before relaxing into their seats with Clove. "Hey Peeta, Gale," greets Annie happily, "What can I get you?" "The usual," replies Gale. "Same," adds in Peeta. Annie nods at the two of them before leaving the three friends. Gale, without shame as usual, leans to grab a fry out of Katniss' plate. Katniss, who's not impressed by it, swats the approaching hand unapologetically, and Gale reflexively makes a face at her. Katniss grins at him before blowing a raspberry at him. Peeta shakes his head in amusement, not shocked that every time a meeting or a hangout between the three happens, the two never fail to make Peeta feel like some useable third wheel, and the two aren't even in a relationship; so to speak. Despite their little tiff, Peeta loves his friend, although he has never really expressed that openly, he knows that he cares for his friends really well and deeply. Sometimes, looking at Gale and Katniss interacting makes him wonder why aren't they a couple. All their refutes towards the clishmaclavers only justifies how deep their relationship. With their tiff settled, the door bell rings audibly, and Katniss, Gale, and Peeta cannot help but turn to the arrival of new customers. They can feel the wave of regret washing in as they watch the arrival of Cato Hadley, along with his friends, Clove, Marvel and Glimmer. The walk in with their heads high, as if they own the entire place. They didn't notice them, much to the trio's relief as they all walk off in the other direction, taking their seats. "At least they didn't see us," comments Katniss. It comes as no surprise that Katniss and Gale don't like their gang, particularly Cato seeing that he's the leader of his gang. It should also come as no surprise that he's in a band called The Careers. Their band is quite good, Peeta can admit that, with Cato giving vocals that can melt women's heart and probably make them ovulate involuntarily. Marvel plays the guitar, while Clove drums – to what many boys would describe as an arousing factor – and Glimmer playing the keys. They put up gigs monthly, mostly for the sake of the party and whatnot. Although Peeta admits that the band is really good and they should deserve a record contract, he cannot help but call them overrated. With the school singing their praises and always making sure they ever freshman or sophomore gets at least a word with them, it almost makes Peeta an oddity. He has only been to one of their gigs, and that was the last so far. He'd most likely coop up in his room rather than participate in all the rave that everybody has been giving towards them. However, another factor that really makes them popular is Cato Hadley. His body of an Adonis only makes girls create fantasies on how he will end up being in their marriages. If only the world knows the truth about Cato, thinks Peeta. They watch Annie walking towards them, with the menu ready in her hands and the notepad just waiting to be scribbled with their orders. Peeta knows that the only person out of all The Careers who isn't as mean as Cato is Clove. "So, are you gonna join us tonight, Peet?" asks Katniss, removing him out of