A/N: This story is part of a series called Tale of Years, which is a collection of 100% Canon-Friendly prequels to Twilight (or rather, Midnight Sun, since they're all in Edward's POV). You don't need to read them all in order, but they will read better that way. Stephenie Meyer owns the Twilight Saga and its universe. No profit is made here and no offense intended. Chapter One - Family "…and remember, even if it looks like a long stretch of cloud cover, cloud formations can change. Keep checking every couple of minutes." "I know, Edward." "And if someone cuts themselves accidentally, don't inhale before you hold your breath. Exhale first." "I know , Edward." "And if that doesn't work, just run out. Now, I have a few excuses that have worked in the past, and-" "Edward Cullen!" Rosalie hissed. "I'm two years old, and I've done this before! I am perfectly capable of making it through a school day without you breathing down my neck. Now back off!" I pursed my lips, holding back the ungentlemanly insult that came to mind. The day promised to be nice and rainy, but I was still concerned. Up until now, I had always been able to keep a watchful eye on my new sister. We had spent the last two years attending Athens High School, and I had always managed to be in most of the same classes as Rosalie. I had always driven her to school and driven her home. I had always sat with her at lunch. I had always been the one keeping an eye on the thoughts around us, and on the weather. And when the human boys drooled over her, which they always did, I had always been there to scare them off. She had never once gone to school without her overprotective brother- a role which I had naturally taken to. But today we were beginning a new chapter in our lives. Rosalie and I were driving to our first day of classes at the University of Tennessee, Chattanooga campus. She had whined and pleaded with Carlisle for weeks, and he had finally agreed that she could choose a different major from me. I was starting over as Biology major, with the pre-med emphasis like before. And this time, I was beginning to hope I might actually be able to attend medical school, or at least graduate college for the first time. I might have done so in our last location, but having Rosalie join our family had made it necessary for us to move and start over again in a new home. And everything had gone well... so far. But Rosalie was sick of me hovering over her all day long, and she had finally gotten her wish. Her major was Mechanical Engineering, which meant that we would hardly have any classes together- in fact, we probably wouldn't even be in the same building most of the time. We would only have one class in common today: English Literature at one o'clock. I had almost opened my big mouth about having shared that class before with Royce King, but I had stopped myself just in time. Nobody wanted to bring that up. And besides, Rosalie would have transferred out of the class just to spite me. I parked the car and we got out, heading towards the academic buildings. As we walked, I began scanning the thoughts of the students and professors as we passed by them. As I had expected, most of them were male, and most of them were staring at Rosalie and her new dress. She had picked it out months ago, and had waited to wear it until her first day at college. Esme had insisted that she dress modestly, and they had finally agreed upon a dark blue day dress with sleeves and a double collar. The neckline was quite high, but the dress itself was cut in the silhouette style that was so popular these days. I frowned at the thoughts rising from our fellow students. "Did you really have to wear that dress?" I growled under my breath. "Why? What are they thinking?" she whispered back, stepping further away from me. I hated it when she did this. She liked to pretend that she didn't even know me, which increased her appeal in the eyes of our classmates; a girl whose brother was always hovering didn't get as much attention. I sidestepped back to her and gave her a playful, brotherly shove, making sure that some of the young men were watching. It looked like I had my work cut out for me in my role as the overprotective big brother. Did she have to make it so difficult , though? It's not like she ever let the boys get too close – the harmless flirtation stage was her favorite, anyway. She knew that she could never actually get involved with any of the humans, but that didn't stop her from playing the game. "I'm sure you can figure it out," I muttered back to her. "I suppose you would have preferred me to wear slacks," she sniffed. "Don't be absurd. Come on, there's your building up there." At least she was letting me walk her to the Engineering building. As we approached the entrance, a middle-aged man with unkempt hair converged on the door alongside us. There she is. "Ah, Miss Cullen, I presume? I'm Dr. Preston, chair of the Engineering Department. It's quite a pleasure to meet our first female Engineering major." He shook her hand vigorously, and I sighed in relief. His thoughts were quite benign; although he found her attractive, he was mostly looking forward to learning how a woman had ended up in his department. He was also assuming that her cold hands meant she was nervous. I was impressed to see that he expected her to be of above average intelligence, and was eager to see if she would end up being the star student. He wouldn't be disappointed. Rosalie favored him with her most winning smile. "Thank you, Dr. Preston. It's a pleasure to meet you, as well. Will you be teaching the eight o'clock lecture?" "Yes, yes. Please, allow me." He opened the door for her, and Rosalie glanced back at me briefly, mentally bidding me farewell until one o'clock. I nodded to her and continued on to my own building. My first class was Biology I, which I had now taken four times between the University of Rochester and my various high schools. I slipped into a seat near the back of the auditorium, just as the professor walked in and began droning. I halfheartedly checked the minds around me for any sign of danger, and then combed through mental cacophony on campus until I found Rosalie's mind again. Her lecture had also just begun, and she was taking notes at a sufficiently human speed. At least she had taken my advice one this one point: I had warned her not to study ahead, so that the class would be more enjoyable. Boredom was always the bane of our existence, due to our expanded intelligence and our tendency to repeat classes. Anything that alleviated that boredom was a good idea. Everyone in my class turned the first page in their syllabus, so I turned mine as well, keeping my attention on Rosalie. It wasn't that I didn't trust her, exactly. But it didn't hurt to be cautious, and I would be a fool not to use my mind-reading to keep tabs on my sister on her first day. I was proud that she was remembering to write slowly, and that she wasn't raising her hand too often. She was, unfortunately, attracting the attention of her classmates already. They couldn't be expected to ignore the only girl in the room, after all. I noted with annoyance that she had chosen to sit in the front of the auditorium, instead of the back. I focused my gift several feet behind her, grazing the minds of the other students. It seemed half of them were already in love with her; nothing new there. I checked anxiously through her entire lecture hall, looking for more unsavory minds. It wasn't that she couldn't defend herself, of course. Human men were no longer a danger to her. But there were situations – much like the one that had caused the end of her human life- which would inevitably lead to Rosalie revealing too much about her abilities. And that was a danger. Satisfied that there were no threats in Rosalie's class, I turned my attention back to my own- briefly. After a few seconds of tedium, I mentally roamed the rest of the building, focusing in on a junior-level genetics class upstairs. Ah, that was better. I picked up my pencil and started taking notes from the Biology lecture, leaving my mind happily upstairs. . . . At 12:58, I slid into the seat beside Rosalie in our English class. "So, sis, how's it going so far?" I asked politely, at human volume. There were already several students sitting around us. "Fine, thanks." Don't call me that. And don't pretend you weren't watching me the whole morning. I frowned innocently. "Me?" I said under my breath. "I just checked occasionally. I gave you some privacy- honest." It was true. I had only been watching her a mere 47% of the time. I was rather proud of my self-control. Her eyes narrowed. I'm sure. "I love the Engineering classes so far," she continued aloud. "What about you? What do you think of Biology?" This is what, the third time? "Fourth," I muttered as the professor walked in. I sighed in consternation when I saw Romeo and Juliet under his arm. Not again . "Good morning, students. My name is Dr. Walker, and this is English Literature 101. We'll begin our semester with a little bit of Shakespeare…" I tuned him out, focusing on my sister's mind as it wandered as well. Rosalie wasn't in the happy mood I was expecting her to be in on her first day. In fact, she seemed to have deflated quite a bit since we had parted ways earlier this morning. She was remembering bits of the lectures she had sat through this morning; that didn't seem to be the problem. She truly seemed to have enjoyed the learning material. At that moment, I heard rushed footsteps coming our way down the hall. Another classmate was about to join us, and she was hurrying because she knew she was late. I frowned at her thoughts. I think I got the bleeding stopped. Of course I would get a huge paper cut on my first day... "Blood in four seconds," I whispered quickly. Rosalie and I both inhaled deeply and brought our hands up to our faces, assuming a posture that made us appear bored, but which enabled us to block our noses. The girl entered the room and scurried to take the seat right in front us. The paper cut wasn't bad, and it was almost done bleeding. However, she was still fiddling with the blood-stained handkerchief, filling the room with a sweet aroma. Why did she have to sit right there ? I peeked over at Rosalie. Her eyes were darkening slightly, but she was fine. My sister had the best control in the family, excluding Carlisle, of course. He was proud of his daughter, and I was too… though I was also a little jealous. My control still wasn't back to where it had been before my 'rebellious years', as I now called them. I winced at the pain in my throat, envious of the lesser pain that my sister was experiencing. Over the next few minutes the burn slowly receded as the girls' cut sealed off, and as the dots of blood on her tissue dried up. "Excuse me, Mr.….?" I looked up, finding the professor standing in