Welcome to Tale of Years: 1950! I think I can speak for all of us when I say this is the one I've been the most excited about. And in terms of length, complexity, and drama, this is going to be *the big one*. The final coming-together of the entire Cullen family is the natural climax to the series, and it will also be the climax for Edward in terms of identity crisis and emotional development. I said in my series intro (on my profile) that each family member has taught Edward something new, so I want to officially announce here that Alice will be teaching him to trust, and Jasper will be teaching him to forgive himself. IMPORTANT NOTE: Before you read on, I would recommend reading the "Awakening, "Finally!" and "Hope" Outtakes (labeled years 1920 and 1948) now, if you haven't yet. These show what Alice and Jasper have been up to lately, so they're not necessary but they do give a fuller picture. I would save the "Arrival" outtakes for later on. (I have notes included later in 1950 of when to read them) Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns the Twilight Saga and its universe. No profit is made here and no offense intended. Prologue August 1948 I sat in the lobby between Carlisle and Esme, nervously tapping my fingers on my lap as we waited for the Dean's secretary to call us in. Carlisle nudged my shoulder, and gave me an encouraging smile. Relax, son. You're going to be fine. I nodded, but my fingers refused to stop tapping until Esme reached over and laid her hand on mine, sending me her own mental encouragement. You can do this. You're ready. I swallowed, but allowed my left hand to relax as Esme continued to rub it with her thumb. My right hand was clutching a brown folder, filled with the lies and forgeries that told the story of why Dartmouth Medical School would be lucky to have me. It was the most elaborate cover story we had ever composed. According to the papers, we had been in Sweden for the past six years while Carlisle, himself a rising young star in the medical field, finished school and completed his final residency at St. Eriks Ögonjukhus. I was a child prodigy- only eighteen, and already a graduate, Summa Cum Laude, of Stockholm University. I had majored in Chemistry with an emphasis on Pre-Med, and now that we were back in America, I was eager to follow in my adopted father's footsteps by attending an Ivy League medical school. It was an old trick that Carlisle had used before. Schools and employers were much less likely to look into your past if you peppered your references with prestigious, foreign-sounding names. And dressing like you were filthy rich didn't hurt, either; the outfit Esme was wearing today had cost more than Carlisle's first automobile. And we really had been to Sweden, back in '45; just long enough to steal some Stockholm University letterhead, and to brush up on our Swedish in case we were ever challenged. During our travels, Carlisle had made it a habit to collect letterhead from various places that we visited; we never knew when we might need a new cover story. I even had a couple of references with real addresses: Garrett Shoemaker, who had been my priest during my youth in Boston, and Liam O'Neill, an Oxford-educated Irishman who had been my tutor in Sweden. It was doubtful that either vampire would ever check the post office boxes that we had signed them up for, but it was a nice touch, nonetheless. But despite our preparation, I was still nervous. For one thing, I knew it wasn't standard procedure for the Dean of Students to interview applicants to the Medical School. Why had he asked to meet with us today? I had been closely observing the Dean's thoughts over the past twenty minutes, though I had yet to hear him think about me, in particular. All we knew was that he had "taken an interest" in my application, and wanted to meet me in person. But the real reason for my anxiety was that I had been preparing for this moment for ten years. I had half-heartedly aimed for medical school in the past, back in the early thirties- though that had really been for Carlisle's sake, not mine. I hadn't really given much thought back then to whether or not I would be capable of getting through such a program, in terms of blood exposure. My education had been interrupted so often during the thirties that it really hadn't mattered. But I was ready now. Ever since Eleazar's breakthrough in '40, medical school had become a real possibility, instead of just a dream. In the past ten years, I had achieved success after success with the blood challenges, to the point where I was now the one preparing the blood, and standing right beside it as it warmed. I still experienced thirst each time-more than I liked- but Carlisle had finally pronounced me ready for medical school, earlier this year. It would be some time before I would be required to be around real, bleeding patients, though- Dartmouth was in a bit of a downswing, and its students had little access to real patient care. There was still time to tighten my control even further. During the next few months, Carlisle would begin slowly exposing me to the smell of fresh blood at Cottage Hospital, the rural clinic where he had just begun working. We had, in fact, picked Dartmouth precisely because of the lack of clinical training here. The medical school had stopped offering a full M.D. program back in 1914, after a review board declared the rural location too remote to offer enough patient interaction for the students. But the school was still Ivy League, still growing, and still quite prestigious, by any count. Students attended DMS for two years for their pre-clinical instruction, and then were farmed out to other schools and hospitals for the remainder of their tenure. If all went well, I would receive my certificate of completion in 1950, ready to finish my M.D. at any one of the schools nearby. It was perfect. Not only did Dartmouth's current problems ensure that I wouldn't be much exposed to blood, but it also worked perfectly with my inability to age. It might be noticed, over the span of a four-year medical degree and the residencies that followed, that I never aged past my child-prodigy appearance. But with a new set of peers halfway through, it was conceivable that I could make it all the way through to my M.D. without having to uproot the family. And after that? Only time would tell. This was only my first attempt, after all, and I hadn't even been accepted to the program yet. Carlisle had truly enjoyed himself this summer, helping me prepare my application and the necessary forgeries, alongside his own. He had, of course, been to medical school several times himself, though not since he had changed me. I had enjoyed sharing in the memories that our project brought up in his mind- some dating back even to the Renaissance. But our crowning achievement had been my entrance essay, and the diagnosis of hemophilia which had inspired it. We had used the hemophilia ruse before, back in '31. I had still been readjusting to the vegetarian diet and human interaction at the time. Carlisle had wanted me to be excused from Physical Education classes, in which my peers were most likely to injure themselves and test my control, which was shaky at best back then. But this time around, the diagnosis was a must. Even in these first two years of med school, we would be practicing on each other: blood pressure cuffs, injections, scraping cell samples, drawing blood- and I simply wouldn't be able to avoid them all. And even if I had Carlisle's level of control, which I didn't, my own impenetrable skin would make it impossible, not to mention dangerous, for me to participate. So Carlisle had, once again, drawn up the necessary papers to prove my childhood diagnosis of hemophilia. It would be a shame for whoever had the misfortune of being my lab partner, but that was their problem. It had been Esme's idea to have my entrance essay center around my struggles as a hemophiliac. We invented a childhood car accident in which I had almost died from blood loss, and the months of recovery that had led to my interest in becoming a doctor, myself. To make it even more of a tearjerker, we decided that the accident would be the same one in which my biological parents were killed. Carlisle had been the young, friendly, pre-med student who had noticed my plight and decided to adopt me. His new wife, Esme, had taken to the idea at once, coming to visit me in the hospital. According to the essay, it had been the look of awe and admiration in Esme's face, as she gazed at her new husband, that had gotten me thinking about a career in medicine. The story got even better after that: as my hemophilia complicated my recovery from the near-death experience, Esme had begun homeschooling me. This was how my studies had begun to accelerate, getting me into Stockholm University at the tender age of fifteen. With my brilliant I.Q. and the encouragement of my new parents, I had whizzed through University in three years, more determined than ever to become a physician. So there it was: an entire life, riddled with tragedy and inspiration, down on paper. I just hoped the Dean of Students was a gullible man. "Dr. and Mrs. Cullen? The Dean will see you now." All three of us stood and headed into the office. The Dean was a jolly-looking, heavyset fellow in his mid-fifties who motioned us in with a wave of his meaty hand and gestured to the three chairs opposite his desk. He lumbered out of his own chair with a wheeze, shaking hands with all of us and grumbling about the climate in Sweden having ruined our circulation. "So, Mr. Cullen," he said as he landed back in his chair, "I've been looking over your papers, and it seems that you have your heart set on being a Dartmouth man." "Yes, sir," I answered politely, offering him my folder. He waved it away, and I was impressed- and dismayed- to see his photographic memory flipping through everything he had already read about me. His relaxed, disheveled appearance hid a mind that was obviously quite brilliant. This was usually a bad sign, in our case. Intelligent people had a tendency to question things. "Must admit," he said after a deep breath, "I've never had an eighteen-year-old sitting in this office before. Quite remarkable. You really think you're ready for this, son?" I leaned forward in my chair with a smile, trying to strike a balance between bashful innocence and confidence. "I think so, sir. I realize I may be a little younger than most of your applicants, but I've prepared myself as best I can, and I've overcome challenges before." "Yes, hemophilia, isn't it? I must say, I'm a bit surprised. Most hemophiliacs I've treated have quite a fear of doctors. Never saw one want to become one." I nodded. "I'd say that I've developed a healthy fear of needles, at least. But I've had some very positive role models in the physicians that I've dealt with in the past, my father included." Carlisle discreetly kicked my foot under the chair. Bring it down a notch, Edward. You sound like you're forty-five years old. I resisted the urge to roll my eyes. I was forty-five years old; forty-seven, actually. Still, he had a point. "I guess I was afraid of doctors when I was little," I continued, trying to lighten up