This began as a one-shot and has evolved to a thing with chapters. Feels pretty typical at this point. So, by request here I have a short (ish?) three piece addition to my Breaking Points verse because apparently Rosalie and Edward have a lot of time on their hands, being immortal and all, and consequently refuse to leave me alone. This doesn't have to considered Breaking Points canonif you don't like it – I must stress that not everyone is going to like this, I think. So therefore if you read and think, " Noooooo !" then you can disregard it entirely. Really, it's just me enjoying writing my favourite couple again. It is what I think would have inevitably happened in this story, given enough time but as I said – if you don't like it, please feel free to ignore it from the BP verse. That said, I hope everyone else enjoys it and I have a pretty good idea of which people will enjoy it (you know who you are) and take it in the BP spirit it was intended; all soul crushing angst and doomed love. I promised this about seventy nine years ago, so it's bit late, but hey I've posted later! This is what I came up with. Bex. -The Point at Which it Breaks- -Chapter One: Pressure Behind a Fracture- 'Gargoyles standing at the front of your gate. Trying to tell me to wait, But I can't wait to see you. So I run like I'm mad to heaven's door. I don't wanna be bad, I won't cheat you no more. Roses, Bel Air, take me there, I've been waiting to meet you. Palm trees in the light, I can sleep late at night Darling, I'm waiting to greet you, Come to me, baby. -Lana Del Rey - Edward - Everett, Washington. 2033 I had always considered myself to be something more than what I was now. Really, that went without saying at this point but there was time to fill so why not say it? Why not waste a few more seconds and postpone the reality that waited patiently before me. True, it was not the first time I had witnessed such a hellish display but that made it no easier to bear. This was hell and there was a dress code. I really had always considered myself more than this at the very least. Standing in a church, wearing Armani and an utterly false smile as I watched my daughter marry Jacob Black. Again . They had chosen a church ceremony yet again; big and lavish. Black had insisted on paying for it himself with his money from his Auto Repair Workshop which he had ingeniously named, 'Blacks' . It was something he was very impressed with. We had all worked hard to feign approval and interest. Some people had had to work harder than others, of course. Best not to chance looking over there, I thought. Bella was right next to me, after all. "...know any reasons why these two should not be wed?" Though I knew no-one would say anything, I was tense. Determinedly not l ooking in that direction, I waited to see if the silence would remain and it did. Of course it did. Still, one could never be too sure with...certain people. "Then I now pronounce you, Husband and Wife!" Again. I smiled and clapped along with everyone else; to all the world a proud brother, to eight of my family a proud father and to one who was never fooled by anything I said or did, a despondent man forced to cheer for a marriage I would never be easy with, wearing a façade that grew thinner and tighter with each passing day. She had heard me, I felt it. Her recognition of my sentiments rippled through me; a soft reverberation of sorts. Inevitably, my eyes were drawn to hers. She wasn't looking at me of course. She too was clapping and smiling, with notably less enthusiasm than everyone else, but from her it was expected. She wore pale gold, her hair long and wavy and her eyes were dancing in the soft candlelight. Rosalie. My Rosalie. Mine. 'Don't stare,' she warned me gently. 'You'll cause a scene.' Her voice echoed softly in the chambers of my mind. Ordinarily a warning such as that could be interpreted as playful, flirtatious even. But there was an edge of desperate longing and frustrated impatience thrumming through her. It ran through me also. She would never usually risk speaking to me like this in front of others. Honestly, it was a necessary warning because as each day passed I felt increasingly reckless. Nessie and Jacob were walking down the aisle together, arm in arm laughing and kissing; the very picture of young love. Bella was saying something that I knew only required a kiss and a smile as an answer. I obliged because we were married and I loved her, but my mind was now firmly elsewhere, imagining...causing a scene. I would cross the small space between us in front of everyone we knew and many people we did not. I would pull her towards me, bask momentarily in the sheer bliss of being allowed to simply touch her. The ridiculous pleasure the mere feel of her skin would bring and then the sheer opulence of bringing her lips to mine, a place they seemed to belong and each moment spent denying that fact was useless and cumbersome. The gasp I would elicit from her, the sweet rush of fear and adrenaline and lust that would cause her eyes to flutter right before she would give in and reach for me in turn. 'Stop it!' she insisted, but it was more like begging than anything else. I felt the warm desire rolling off her in waves, the danger and recklessness both infuriating and exciting her. The anticipation was understandably immense. It had been nineteen months since last I had forged time to be with Rosalie and tomorrow was the result of our hard work, patience and careful planning. Tonight, a crisis would occur that could only be solved my Rosalie and Jasper. I would volunteer to go along as well. Emmett would offer to go along, Rosalie would accept. There would be an argument between Rosalie and Emmett tomorrow just before we were to leave. Emmett would stay behind, Rosalie would storm away. Jasper would spend a few days making the streets of New York safer for women and other vulnerable people. Rosalie and I would spend that time together in every sense of the word. Our bodies and minds were in utter unison of impatience and expectation. I couldn't help myself...I brushed my index finger along her wrist as we left the church together. No one else noticed I was sure, but it sent a shock wave through her that echoed within me for the rest of the day. 'Not much longer,' she told herself and consequently me. I could only share the sentiment. There were three houses between us all. The biggest one, the one I thought of as home, was of course where Carlisle and Esme lived along with Emmett, Rosalie, Bella and myself. The second house was much smaller, only for Jasper and Alice who found that in the last five years or so, they had become very fond of privacy. The newest house wasn't as small or as nice, but it backed on to a huge, dense forest. This was Nessie's and Jacob's house; necessary for Jacob to transform once a day and have room to bound and run, should he desire it. Renesme enjoyed the novelty of her own house and space away from Bella and myself. Jacob loved the novelty and I sensed would pursue it forever from now on, no matter where we moved to next. We had two more years in Everett before we had to leave America altogether for at least the next fifty years. Truthfully, there were only so many dark, rainy places to live in America before you started coming back around on yourself. Everyone except Jacob was in favour of moving to England; privately, I hoped this meant that he would decline altogether but that meant that we would be deprived of Nessie altogether and that would never do. Still, I liked this house. The last American house for quite some time. The living situation was such that it reminded me of a time before Alice and Jasper had ever come to us, and certainly before Children of the Moon had become extended family. I enjoyed it. Not to say that we didn't see each other every day, because we did. Bella, Alice and Renesme attended the local Tech Institute together and we always spent time together whenever we could. Alice worked in the local community theatre and Jasper sometimes went with her. Carlisle had opened up his own practise with the assistance of Esme. Emmett and Rosalie did their own thing, which meant nothing so tied down. Rosalie was always very clever with money and as such had little need or compulsion to find something career wise. She was arguably the one best able to cope with the pressing issue of time and how slowly it moved. The trick, she had told me once, was not rushing things. Bella, Jacob and Renesme were still fairly new to this and found it difficult, trying to fill each day best they could with tasks, projects and general busyness. Emmett occasionally helped out at Black's and gave Alice a hand with set building. Mostly, he was content to be with Rosalie and the rest of us. I found myself in a similar situation. There seemed to be no point in putting down roots when I knew we were leaving. Rosalie and I also found ourselves unable to cope with any more school. We wore slightly more adult clothes and passed for twenty year olds. Just . I had little interest in further education, especially when it was something I knew back to front. That was how we lived. Or at least how everyone else lived; I seemed to be surviving and only barely. The things everyone else concerned themselves with were nothing more to me than passing amusements. I had no time for them, no energy to build and maintain them. In fact, most things seemed distant and useless lately. Everything except time with Rosalie. That was all I thought about, all I wanted. If could dream, it would have been all I dreamed about. I spent most of the day and night imagining being with her, sometimes very riskily reaching out to her mind and sharing these thoughts with her. Rarely, she reciprocated and on those rare time – when we were always surrounded by others – it would feel as though the world had fallen away and we were alone. I could almost touch her with my thoughts; feel her, smell her, taste her. It was undoubtedly dangerous, but it was difficult to work up the energy to care when I could hear her sighing softly in my mind. It would all be worth it, all the waiting. Tomorrow it would be for real; no more imagining. -Rosalie- When it finally stopped, I prayed to God to let me be dead now. Was there anything worse in Hell or on Earth than having to listen to the people you consider parents having uncharacteristically loud sex four rooms down? Silence prevailed for two minutes and I took the opportunity to flee the house as fast as possible. There were some things immortal brains could not withstand. It was a beautiful night, anyway. Crisp, clear and obviously chilly though the icy air felt more like a lukewarm caress to my freezing skin. I was alone, for once. The ' Newly ' Weds were on their honeymoon. Emmett, Alice and Jasper were hunting while Edward and Bella had