-There's No Point in Breaking the Habit Now- Part One By sugarbucket ' How the faces of love have changed turning the pages, And I have changed oh, but you...you remain ageless. I turned around and the water was closing all around, Like a glove, like the love that had finally, finally found me. Then I knew in the crystalline knowledge of you. Drove me through the mountains, Through the crystal like clear water fountain. Drove me like a magnet, To the sea, to the sea To the sea.' -Stevie Nicks 2053 Sunderland, UK. - Rosalie- A year almost to the day since I had taken a crazed, mute vampire from Slovenia under my wing was the day he looked at me, quietly contemplative and asked me to choose a name for him. I'd observed with irrational happiness and excitement over the last year as he became more human with each passing day. As he became my friend; something that, with the exception of Jasper, was in short supply. It made me realise how lonely I'd been until then. My self-imposed exile was usually quite tolerable, given that I was constantly moving around and keeping myself busy. This was the first time I'd really slowed down enough to look around at my own life and see how cut off I was, how truly alone. To acknowledge that I had traded passion, of any kind, for stability and some measure of undeserved peace. The life I'd carved out now would have been inconceivable to my younger self. Occasionally, that wilder Rosalie would sigh and shake her head, unable to demand or even complain, but I felt her still; disillusioned and lost without our long time counter-part. My new companion both dulled the ache while making me aware of its existence in the first place. " Are you sure?" I asked him, pausing in the middle of the letter I'd been writing to Jasper. "Maybe you should choose your own name." He looked up; that blonde young man who had probably seen more years than most vampires I'd encountered. His eyes were clear, so unlike when I'd found him, and his smile was patient. He was patient with everyone and everything, except himself. " No-one chooses their own name," he pointed out. "I would like for you to choose mine." He was in the middle of writing something too, something complicated and revolutionary I suspected. Not a letter, but a theory or a thesis of some sort. He wrote a lot lately; a new evolutionary step from his insatiable reading. I paused, giving it a small amount of consideration. There was a name I'd taken to calling him in my head. "How about…Roman?" " Ah," he said brightly. "That's it. Perfect." We shared a brief smile before resuming our separate activities as we so often did. A quiet, loving sense of companionship hung in the air, diluting the silence and the isolation that came part and parcel with my life. I would miss it terribly when he inevitably left me to seek his own path. I dreaded that day really, knowing it would come and that I would be alone once more. I got a little lost in my letter, explaining in great detail about Roman, his progress, my very recent selection of his name. It was so easy to talk about him, filling page upon page of inky praise and fascination which I knew Jasper would read with a wry smile, silently chastising me for avoiding talking about my own so called life. " Rose," Roman said quietly. I looked up and saw he was frowning at something he'd written, like he wasn't sure what it was. " What is it?" I asked, suddenly concerned. " I think…maybe I've found something." " Oh?" " I was letting my mind run away with me, just doodling really," he said and I glanced down at the dozens of pages worth of incredibly neat, meticulous handwriting which to me, did not look like doodling. "And something occurred to me." I moved over to where he sat on the floor and dropped down beside him. "Show me." He indicated vaguely to the last three pages; I scanned them and saw little that gave any hint of his discovery. "It's…reversible. It should be reversible." " What is?" " The whole thing, this entire state isn't natural – it's unnatural at its foundation, unstable even. Whatever formula there is at its source, it could be reversed." " Roman," I said, using his new name for the first time. "You lost me way back there." But he didn't seem to hear me, instead staring unblinkingly at his writing. "I would need to do research, for years – decades really, but I'm certain that I'm correct…I feel it. I can remove it, undo it." " Undo what ?" He looked at me, residual shock of his unexpected discovery present in all his lovely features and a thrill of understanding went through me. 2088 Rio de Janeiro, Isle Esme - Emmett- "You tore out my heart. I know you know that already, but there's no way to begin with anything less than that. You asked for this and I'm trying to do it so…yeah, you ruined my life." Edward had been expecting that much from me, but I could see it still hurt to hear it. He nodded, encouraging me with a small, tight smile. It was just the two of us, outside on the balcony of the three storey house. He leant against the railing, staring out at the ocean. It was always beautiful there, particularly without having humans around. It provided us all with a sense of innate freedom and peace that was absent in populated areas. The balcony was large and it gave a spectacular view. I focused on it determinedly. He took a breath and said, "Say whatever you want, whatever you need to." This had been a bad idea, perhaps. It was the first time we had been properly alone without anyone else in earshot for years. In fact, we hadn't been alone like this since before I'd discovered him with my ex-wife. Even during the time he'd stayed with Bella in his attempt to repair their marriage, I had never spoken to him properly…except for that one terrible time. In the years that followed when he lived nearby, we began to exchange brief and awkward one word greetings, always without looking at one another, always for the sakes of others. It had been too painful to see him, let alone be in his presence without others to detract from it. Yet here we were, so many years later. "It's been a long time now and I consider you a…friend, but this feels like it's only going to cause trouble. Undo what we've accomplished so far." Edward sighed and nodded, biting his bottom lip the way he did when he was nervous. "We've never talked about it. Not really and I…I want. I don't know, I want us to be closer. Maybe in talking it through, we could have something like what we used to have." I frowned a little, shocked at his naïve ambitions for our tentative relationship. "That can't happen, Edward. I'm not saying it to be cruel, I'm really not. It's mainly due to the fact that we were so close . We weren't just friends or even family. We were more than that. I considered you…you were such a huge part of my life." I paused, trying to get my voice under control because it was in danger of trembling. No matter how much time passed, discussing this never really got easier. "You were too, Emmett," he said softly. "You were my best friend, my brother." "Then all of that was destroyed," I said bluntly. "All we can have now is something built on the years since then. Something new, maybe. But nothing like what we had. I'm sorry, I know that's not what you want to hear." I could see how much that hurt him. It gave me no pleasure, no sense of justice. It never had, but that wasn't why I did it. Part of me railed against my coldness towards him, desperate to make a joke and reassure him that maybe one day we could be brothers again. Part of me even believed it. "No, I know that, Em. I do." He smiled again, but it was tainted with defeat now. God damn it. "Maybe we could talk about it," I offered. "Y'know. Just, see where it goes." This whole weekend was such a big ball of awkwardness. Granted it had been a long time coming, seven long years of The Trio insisting that, "we all go away together!" before it had actually materialised. Now we were all together on Isle Esme, celebrating…well actually it was a little debatable what we were celebrating. Personally, I thought it was all a scam to get us together and trap us so we'd have some Esme-Alice-Renesme vision of a reunion. Officially, it was a joint celebration of Esme and Carlisle's anniversary and mine and Jemima's three year wedding anniversary. I wasn't entirely certain which anniversary Esme and Carlisle were celebrating – they never disclosed if it was for their wedding or something else. Anyway, we were all on a very small island and it seemed inevitable that Edward and I would be the first to be shoved off into a corner to talk . There would be other conversations, I was sure. If The Trio had anything to do with it. "I'd like that," Edward told me. "All right. Then as I was saying, you broke my heart. Tore up my whole world and showed me a new one underneath that destroyed my happiness in one fell swoop." "Ah." I shrugged. "What do you want me to say? That I didn't really love her? She didn't love me like that anymore, but I still did. I really did." I looked out at the stunning moonlit expanse of water and took as much comfort from it as I could. "I loved her right up until the moment I found out about you. Loved her as much as the day I met her." I could feel his hesitation to say something and it irked me. "What?" I asked after a few moments. "But things…hadn't been great between you both towards the end, had they?" It was a strange thing to say and almost certainly gave me the right to be pissed at him, but I wasn't. The whole point of this was to try to move on, air things that needed to be aired. "No, they weren't great. But our marriage was never smooth sailing. It was always rocky; good years and bad years. I was still in love with her." "I didn't know that," he admitted softly. "It doesn't make anything better, but I didn't think you were still as in love with her as ever." "Well, I was," I said. "And it hurt so much, to see her with someone else. But that wasn't the worst thing and I think you know that." "Me," he said with a nod. "That it was me." "Yeah. And not just that she was with you. More that you had betrayed me . If she'd been with anyone else, you would have been the person I'd have turned to. I would have called you first. Come to you." Very quietly, he said, "I know." "I lost everything that day. All the best parts of my life." I laughed bitterly at that, shaking my head. "You two…were the best things in my life." He'd put a hand over his eyes, leaning on the railing. "All the years we spent avoiding each other," he said in a shaky breath. "When I stayed for Bella and Nessie, we never talked properly and this was why. That was the thing I was dreading you saying the most." I half