Chapter 1: Hot Things I could feel my eyes lids dropping already; I hadn't slept in 36 long hours. I looked over my patient's chart again quickly scanning the numbers into my head and checking for anything sinister. Her GFR had dropped to 4, crap. She needed a transplant soon. "Dr Hoffman," I said looking over to the nephrology attending. "Melissa Jeffery's GFR has dropped to 7 and despite the EPO she's highly anaemic, her haemoglobin level is at 6 grams per decilitre." He pulled the chart toward him and frowned, "Order a higher dosage of EPO and Iron supplements for now, in the morning we'll carry out the tests again and see if it had made a difference, if her levels stay the same I'll see to it she gets moved up the transplant list." I nodded curtly one and jotted down his recommendation into the chart. I then clicked my pen twice and quickly place the chart in the rack labelled "attention needed". Once in the locker room I tore off my dark purple scrubs and threw them into the big black bin to be cleaned. I swished on my grey jeans and white cotton shirt before quickly running a brush through my short black hair and slamming my locker door shut. My car was parked at the far end of the lot, the only space I could find when I arrived at the hospital all those hours ago. I felt as if my knees might buckle at any moment out of sheer exhaustion before I could reach my car. Maybe I should take a taxi? I thought absently, quickly dismissing the idea, I was fine. This was nothing, once I'd stayed up for 52 hours straight just because my brother dared me. I plunged the key into the ignition and started the engine of my small red Volkswagen Beatle that my family have told me repeatedly to get rid of; I just told them to stop hating on the bug. The drive home seemed miles longer then it really was though every light I hit turned green, lucky night I guess. Maybe I should buy a lottery ticket. But right now even an hour's sleep seemed more appealing than a million dollar win. I turned the wheel sharply into a free parking spot in front of my building. I dragged my almost sleeping body out of the car, barley remembering to lock it afterwards. I made my way up to my very comfortable two room apartment overlooking a beautiful park, not that I cared about the view at this particular moment. I threw my keys in a small bowl by the side of the door before dropping by bag, for once just letting it stay where it fell, ripping off my jacket and falling face first into my bed. Falling asleep fully clothed, praying that by some act of god that the hospital was closed tomorrow and that my alarm failed to go off so that I didn't need to wake up in eight and a half hours. Alas, no such miracle happened. And at 6:35 an alien beeping forced my lead lined eyes open to face another long day. I loved my job, I really did, but sometimes I just wanted to curl up and hibernate. I shed my crinkled clothes and jumped into a lukewarm shower. It was refreshing. I washed my hair with my signature lavender shampoo and made sure to scrub ever inch of my sleep deprived body with sweet smelling shower goo. When I was finally satisfied with levels of hygiene and alertness I flicked off the water and dried my self quickly with a warm towel. I pulled on some plain underwear and rummaged through my drawers for something nice to wear, not that it mattered, I would be changing into some unflattering scrubs as soon as I got to the hospital but I always liked to wear something nice, no matter the occasion. I grabbed a cereal bar and a chocolate muffin from the kitchen before searching for where I'd left my bag and sticking on some coffee. Coffee, that's all I needed to truly start the day, as soon as I had a little caffeine in my system I would be back to my usual chirpy self. At least it was only a seven hour shift today, I could finish work and maybe even have time to do a little shopping before I went to my parents for dinner. I was actually quite looking forward to it; I hadn't seen my family in a while. Except, of course, one of my brothers, but that was on a medical consult so it didn't really count. I have two brothers; Edward is a neurologist, training to be anyway, and works in a hospital not far from mine. He's only two years older than me at 25 but he's married already to Bella, his high school sweetheart. My other brother Emmett is 26 and works, for the moment at least, in the business world. Something I can openly say I know nothing about. My dad is a doctor at well, general practice. My mom quite her job as an interior designer when she got pregnant with Emmett but when I was heading off to collage she went back to it. But it was a good three hours drive – and a ferry ride - from Seattle to my parents in Forks so it was a good thing I had a short shift. Today's Friday and I have the weekend off so I'm staying in Forks for the night then heading back up on Saturday. I'm driving Edward and Bella down as well; carpool, save the planet and all that. Emmett was driving from Olympia, where he currently worked, I could have picked him up but that would have added another hour onto my journey. I'm such a loving sister. Something beeped in the kitchen, coffee time. I swallowed the remaining crumbs of my muffin and dashed to grab my red flask and pour a generous amount of coffee into it. I checked my watched. I had ten minutes before I had to leave, time enough to watch the end of the 'project runway' I hadn't had time to finish. I sipped at the boiling coffee as a perched myself on the end of my sofa, afraid that if I got comfy I would never want to get up again. My coffee was finished when it came time to leave; I washed the flask quickly and grabbed my keys, which luckily had landed exactly where I had meant them to last night. My door locked with a click behind me and I lightly jogged down the stairs. My car was waiting for me exactly where I'd left it and I slid into the driver's seat placing the key into the ignition. When I got into the hospital locker room I quickly changed into my small purple scrubs and ruffled my short dark hair with my fingers. "Moring Alice," Jeffrey Kirkland greeted me as he walked into the room. "Monster shift yesterday!" "Tell me about it, I feel like I haven't slept in weeks," I chirped. "You sound alert enough," he commented. "Coffee," I said. "Lot's of coffee." I left Jeff to change in peace and took the stairs to the third floor nephrology department, my current and much loved work place. The sound that greeted me was the usual bleeps, scurrying of feet and scratching of pens. But it wasn't exactly noisy; it was a rather peaceful department. But I could hear a woman's voice emanating from one of the consult rooms. I could only make out a few of her words, but they weren't kind. "Good morning Angela, how are you?" I asked one of my favourite nurses. "Very well doctor Cullen, thank you. We have a new patient today, transferred from Olympia, 23 year old male, stage five been on haemodialysis for four year and on the transplant list for three of them." Then she handed me the chart with a mischief's grin. "He's all yours." I threw her a questioning look but she just smiled and went on with her charting work. I flicked open the chart to find out where the patient was, consult room 2. That was the room the woman's voice was coming from, great. The door was half open and I looked inside. There was a young woman, probably the same age as me, a little older perhaps, stunning blonde hair and the body of a supermodel. Fantastic, just what I needed, a nagging Barbie. But just as I was about to step into the room my phone rang, I took it out my pocket and hit the answer button. "Hello?" "Hey sis," Emmett's voice greeted me. "So are we going to see the 'rents tonight or is it next week? Oh, and I have big news for you!" "Yes, brother of mine," I said rolling my eyes. "Its tonight, we arranged it three weeks ago!" "Sorry sis, I'm still coming I just didn't want to show up on the wrong night. Don't you want to hear my big news?" he sounded like a child, I swear sometimes that hasn't aged a day since his seventh birthday. "Okay then, lets hear it," I sighed. "I've got a new girlfriend!" He almost shouted. "She stunning Ali I can't wait for you to meet her, you two will get on like a house on fire!" "New girlfriend," I said, trying to sound impressed. "Is she coming tonight?" "Nah, she couldn't make it – she had some family thing" He said, sounding glum about it. "Well I'm sure I'll meet her soon enough. I've got to go now, patients waiting. See you tonight." I brushed him off as politely as I could. "Okay, bye Ali!" I hit the end call button and put it on vibrate before slipping it into my pocket. "No!" The voice inside the room stated. "I don't want to see another one of his nurses. I was to see his doctor! Doc-tor. Understand?" Oh, I better get in there before someone started throwing punches. "Hello," I said kindly. Flipping the chart open quickly as I suddenly realised that I didn't know the patients name. "I'm Jasper's doctor. You can go Tanya, thank you." I smiled at the nurse gently. "Good luck with this one!" Tanya whispered before walking out the door, leaving me alone. I looked at the chart again, checking over his stats quickly. When I lifted my head from the paper folder in my hands I looked over to the man perched on the end of the bed. Suddenly Angela's mischief's grin made sense. I swear on by budges grave, my heart nearly stopped. He looked over at me, his eyes the most amazing blue I had ever seen in my life. His hair fell messily over his ears, honey blond and perfect. He was… absolutely, for lack of any other words in my rare moment of utter stupidity, HOT! "Hi," he said, holding out his hand. "I'm Jasper Hale." I think my jaw dropped about three feet. His voice. Oh my God I could have listened to him talk all day and all he had said were four words. "Pleased to meet you, I'm Dr Cullen." I finally managed to squeak out. I quickly grabbed his hand and shook it. I suddenly felt unnecessarily self conscious. I should have done something more with my hair, put on more than just mascara and some face powder, I should plucked my eye brows, I should have – snap out of it! I chastised myself, giving my face a mental slap. You're his doctor for crying out loud. "Well it's about time!" The tall blonde woman standing beside him said. "We've been waiting for hours, we were told to arrive early and that we would be seen by a doctor straight away!" "I'm terribly sorry…"