"Welcome back everyone, I hope you all had a nice long weekend." Mr. Greyson greeted his students as they slowly shuffled in and found their desks. Despite the fact that it was a rather nice Tuesday afternoon, where nice meant that it wasn't pouring out, everyone was dragging along as if it were a rainy Monday morning due to the holiday that had given them the previous day off. "Wasn't long enough if you want my opinion." Edward muttered to his two siblings as he sat down in his assigned seat. Alice put her pile of books down on the desk beside him and smiled. "You're just upset that Bella isn't in class with us this period. You were perfectly fine for the last three periods you spent with her." Edward looked up at his sister in disbelief, he thought he was the one who had the ability to read minds, but Alice's guess was about as close to the truth as it could get. "How did you…?" Edward started, but Alice interrupted him with a small laugh being as cheerful as ever. "I'm just observant, that's all." The tiny girl smiled and sat down in her desk, turning her attention on her beloved Jasper, who was seated in the desk to her right. He looked at her for a moment, his lips barely moving upward in a tiny smile only she could coax out of him. "Ahem…" Mr. Greyson cleared his throat, looking at Alice while he waited for her attention so he could begin. "Okay, so as you know we finished up our section on nutrition last week and hopefully you all passed in your take home test, if you didn't we can talk at the end of class to discuss partial credit on a different assignment. Do any of you have any more questions having to do with what we talked about on Friday before we move on?" Mr. Greyson paused for a moment and scanned the room for any hands, none came. "Okay, moving forward. This week we will be exploring the history of mental health care and the treatment of mental health patients in institutions from the early 1800s up until today. Does anyone want to share what they know about this topic to get us started?" A few stray hands went up and the teacher selected one to start off the discussion. "So, like, back in the old days…" The girl speaking, Sasha, paused to pop her gum obnoxiously before continuing. "…crazies got locked up in the nut house by the men in the white coats so they could learn how to be less psychotic." Edward and Jasper cringed when they heard the girl's insensitive description of an event that hit so close to home for the youngest Cullen girl. Edward didn't dare look over at Alice in that moment, especially since her thoughts were screaming the lyrics of some infuriatingly stupid new song on the radio in a loop as a tactic to keep him out of her brain. Jasper, being braver than Edward, chose to sneak a look over at his soulmate. His heart broke for her as waves of pain, humiliation, anger, and a flurry of other negative emotions emanated from her tiny body. "Uh…" Mr. Greyson thought for a moment. "…is there anyone who would like to offer a different idea for the group to discuss." A few sniggering laughs passed through the room as Sasha's comment hung heavy in the air. "Anybody at all?" The teacher looked around the room and noticed Alice had sunk lower in her chair, he mistook her bad posture as a sign that she wasn't paying attention and decided to call on her. "Alice? Would you care to share anything you may know about asylums?" "Me?" Alice asked, looking like a deer in the headlights as she forced herself to sit up straight and bring her attention to the teacher. "Please make an effort to pay attention Ms. Cullen. I asked you what-" "I heard the question the first time." Alice interrupted sharply as she tried to compose herself. The small girl took several seconds to think before attempting to answer Mr. Greyson's demeaning question. "From what I understand, asylums were awful places that treated people inhumanely just because they weren't what people would describe as ordinary or normal." Alice crossed her arms, daring the man to push her to elaborate any further. By now the class's laughter over the starkness of Sasha's comment had faded away and uncomfortable silence took its place. After a few more seconds Mr. Greyson opened his mouth to say something, but suddenly his expression changed and he dropped the subject. Edward looked over to Jasper, who nodded ever so slightly confirming Edward's suspicions that the odd display had been encouraged by Jasper's ability over emotions. "Umm… so moving right along then…" The teacher sighed, scratching his head as he fumbled through a transition. "Well, I was going to save this for tomorrow's class, but seeing as how everybody is tired and it's the first day back after a long weekend, I'm going to show you a documentary film on some of the treatment methods used in some of these institutions." "Are you okay?" Edward whispered over to his sister while Mr. Greyson struggled to cue up the video he wanted to show. Jasper silently cursed his brother for asking such a stupid question when he felt Alice's negative feelings intensify. "Let her be." Jasper whispered over to him, knowing from experience that this was not the way to get Alice to talk when she was upset. He also knew better than to try and sway her emotions to make her feel better, he'd done that once before and she wouldn't allow him into their bedroom for days. Over the better part of the next half hour Edward and Jasper watched Alice cringe through watching her past flicker across the screen. She'd sat there outwardly stoic as she watched people endure ice baths, confinement, and isolation. The torture for both the patients and Alice got worse as the video progressed. Watching people try to fight the doctors as they were strapped into straitjackets or restraint chairs made the small girl squirm in her seat; her discomfort only grew as the documentary depicted the procedures of lobotomies and trephinations. About forty-five minutes into the video Alice had been emotionally beaten down and looked as if she would have broken down into tears if it were possible. "I can't." Alice whispered weakly as an image of a young teenage girl being subjected to electroshock therapy appeared on the screen. Without asking permission Alice slid out of her chair and held her breath using every ounce of self-control she had not to sprint from the room right then. "Ms. Cullen!" Mr. Greyson reprimanded when he noticed Alice out of the corner of his eye. His tone warned her to get back in her seat, but she didn't allow herself to hear him as she walked numbly across the room. She forced herself to walk at an everyday student's speed as she exited the room, but once she got to the hallway she allowed herself to quicken her pace a bit. Alice had started off at a normal human's quick gait, but before she could stop herself she was nothing more than a blur of color as she made her way to the bathroom and forced the lock shut so nobody would disturb her. Alice willed herself to take a deep breath then, placing both hands on the sink before she looked up in the mirror to face the girl staring back. The girl she was looking at wasn't Alice Cullen this time, in that moment she saw little Mary-Alice Brandon… the 'crazy' that the men in the white coats had dragged off to the nut house back in the early 1900s. "Leave me alone!" Alice cried, stumbling back a few steps. The girl in the mirror looked back at her with wide eyes, her mouth moving to say the same thing and instantly Alice was transported. " Leave me alone!" Mary-Alice screamed as two men came into the sheriff's office where she'd been trying to convince the authorities of her father and step-mother's role in the death of her real mother. When she'd gotten to the sheriff's office, the marshal had already been paid off and she'd been held in a cell until her father had arrived and ordered her to be condemned to a life in a psychiatric prison a few towns away. " Stop struggling!" One of the men yelled at her, hitting her so she would stop trying to resist. No number of blows or amount of pain caused her to stop fighting though. " Daddy please!" Mary begged as the two men closed in on her in the tiny barred room she'd been locked in. "Please! I was lying! I'm not crazy! I was just pretending!" The girl yelled, lying in a last ditch effort at freedom as her arms were secured too tightly behind her back in a foul smelling straitjacket. "I don't want to be sent away!" " Shut up!" The second of the two men ordered, slapping her face as he shoved her out of the holding cell. "Nobody's going to put up with your shenanigans where you're headed." " Maybe you'll like your new cell better than this one." The first man taunted as terrified, hurt tears streamed down Mary's face. " Why don't you want me Daddy? It's not my fault… I'm not crazy, I'm just a little different. Please..." "Please…" Alice whimpered, her palm coming up to rest on her cheek as she was brought back to the present by the sound of the school bell signaling that it was time for everyone to make their way to their next class. "Alice?"A familiar voice called a few moments later. "Darlin' it's me… please open the door, I know you're in there." Alice let out a soft breath and looked at the door for a long second before walking over to the piece of wood and leaning against it with her palm pressed firmly into the paneling. She had no idea that Jasper was mirroring her on the other side. "Jasper." She whispered, closing her eyes. Just saying his name outload offered her some relief. "I'm here." He answered in his perfect southern drawl, he was completely ignoring the line of furious girls waiting impatiently for the bathroom to be unlocked. "Can I come in? Please?" He held his breath, waiting for a long moment before he finally heard Alice twist the lock and open the door just enough for him to slide in. "Hey!" One of the girls shouted. "You can't go in there!" "Bite me!" Jasper shot back in response though the look on his face had said enough on its own. A fraction of a second later he was closing the door in her face, relocking the door as he turned to face Alice. "Darlin' I am so sorry." Jasper whispered, holding his arms wide open for her. Alice wasted little time scrambling into his embrace, burying her head into his chest as soon as she had her arms locked around his waist. "I…" She started to speak, but her voice robbed her of the ability to make a sound. "I love you ya know." Jasper whispered into her hair, holding her strongly in his arms. Alice frowned slightly, her thoughts glued to the flashback she'd just had. Before, it had tormented her to not know her past or even a little bit of who she used to be, but now she'd give anything to go back to the blissful state of ignorance she'd had before James had told her about her previous life. The only thing knowing did was allow bad memories to float up and remind her of an isolated life of pain and suffering. "They didn't want