For Prompts in Panem, a Hunger Games/Supernatural crossover and a collaborative effort with Wildharp, we do not claim any ownership of Supernatural or The Hunger Games Warning:Gale and Katniss are intentially OOC as they were written to resemble the Winchester brothers The night is clear and beautiful, twinkling stars dot the inky black sky, and the air is crisp and cool with the stirrings of autumn. Katniss and Gale Winchester have stretched out side by side on the hood of their father's beloved 1967 Impala, aside from their extensive knowledge of how to live off of stolen identities, recognize the signs of a demon possession, and one ratty notebook bearing the musings of a revenge driven hunter, it is the one tangible item they have left to remember him by. While the evening is exquisite, it is not the only thing that the siblings are appreciative of; they had finally bested a lethal witch whose nefarious spells and curses had been wreaking havoc on a small Missouri community. It had taken a week to track and corner the wicked sorcerer, but ultimately she had met her demise with one silver tipped arrow through the heart. The past seven days had been rough, and their bodies needed more rest than what the lumpy mattresses of the cheap hotels they frequented had to offer. A hunter's work was never over, there was always another monster to track or demon to vanquish, it was a hard life, but it was entirely theirs. Katniss, whose petite frame, silky dark braid, and stunning grey eyes exuded femininity and belied her deadly nature, was born to be a hunter. She had gladly followed in her father's footsteps, enjoying the chase and thrill that came with tracking deadly supernatural creatures. Vengeful spirits, wendigos, vampires, and ever persistent demons kept them constantly on the road. The trials of a hunter's life invigorated her, and she thrived on a diet of fast food and boisterous one night stands. Of the two, Gale was the reflective one, a dreamer in many rights. He had pursued something completely different and attended college with aspirations of being an engineer, his lofty goals were immediately dismissed when his father went missing, and the same yellow eyed demon that had killed their mother took the life of the only woman he would ever truly love. They lay in silence, completing the custom of sharing a beer and reminiscing over the latest hunt, before moving onto the next town and whatever monster was plaguing the residents. Katniss scooted down the hood, perched her feet on the bumper, and rested her elbows on her thighs as she drained the last dregs of the domestic long neck she had been nursing for the last thirty minutes. Gale's hands were tucked behind his head, back flush with the glass of the front window, and ankles crossed as he stared into the dark void of the night sky. It wouldn't be long before some other creature caused adrenaline to course through their bodies and strain their physical and mental capabilities as they struggled with how to correctly capture and kill the monster, but for now this moment was theirs to relax. When it was time to move on the siblings bickered, as they always did, over who would get to drive. And, as it always happened, Katniss came out the winner. Both were of a stubborn and fiery persuasion, but Katniss had a trump card, the fact that she had stayed on the road with their father while Gale followed other pursuits. The car was hers, and while it irritated Gale, he knew that there was no point arguing it. Katniss sat down in the seat and realized that her seat alignment was off, "Dude, did you adjust the driver's seat?" Katniss glared across the front seat at her brother. "Katniss, when would I have adjusted the seat? It's not like you ever let me drive anyway." Gale buckled his seat belt and shook his head at Katniss' preposterous accusation; he hadn't had the chance to drive in months so of course he didn't mess with her seat. Katniss lovingly stroked the steering wheel, "I never let you drive because you don't have a proper appreciation for the work of art that Baby is." "Yeah well, this work of art burns gas like a wildfire. I think we should consider trading it in on something like a Prius." Gale looked over at Katniss who stared back at him, mouth agape in disbelief. "What? We wouldn't have to scam nearly as many credit cards if we weren't paying a small fortune in gas." Katniss continued to stare as she searched for words, "A Prius?" Disbelief was etched in the lines of her face, and her voice held strong disdain for her brother's asinine vehicle recommendation, "A Prius?" "Yes Katniss, a Prius." Gale did not bother hiding his exasperation, some days his sister could be a handful. "It's a fuel efficient modern car. You do realize that they made cars after the 1960's?" His deep sigh of frustration filled the cramped space in the cab of the car. "Statements like that, like that right there Gale, are the reason that you will never get to drive." Katniss reached under the seat to adjust it back to its proper position, the position most comfortable for the only person who would ever be allowed to drive Baby. "By the way, yes, I do realize that they made cars after the 1960's, but they never made them like this." She leaned over and placed her lips against the cool surface of the dash. "There may be a reason for that." Gale grumbled under his breath. "Well have you adjusted yourself yet, can we get going?" "I can't move the seat, there's something wedged in here." Katniss grunted as she yanked something free from under the seat and held it up to examine closer. "What's that?" Gale asked as he leaned over the console to check it out. "It looks like a hex bag." For a hunter, finding a hex bag under your seat meant that you were in serious trouble. Apparently, the witch knew that her days were numbered and had set about creating a hex bag specifically for Katniss. The siblings needed to find out what they were up against, and they needed to do it quickly. Katniss pointed the Impala towards Kansas and the one man, Haymitch, who could help them figure out what kind of hex had been placed against her, and what they needed to do to break it. The Impala flew down the bumpy highway, as Katniss and Gale stared quietly at the road in front of them, pondering the many possibilities of the curse they had suddenly found themselves up against. "Well you two really stepped into it this time." The sudden appearance of the angel Finnick in the backseat startled the Winchesters and caused Katniss to spin the steering wheel. The Impala screeched back and forth on the road for a moment until Katniss was able to regain control of the heavy vehicle. "Damn it Finnick, I told you not to sneak up on me while I'm driving!" Katniss yelled at Finnick, who was known for materializing at the most interesting times, this time being the back seat of the car when she had been concentrating on driving. "Well I'm sorry, but I didn't exactly have time to send you a formal request to talk." Finnick responded, clearly unimpressed with Katniss' outburst. "So, what are you even doing here?" Katniss asked as she glared at the handsome angel in her backseat. Finnick raised his fingernails to his face examining them, uninterested in dealing with the surly huntress and her mood swings, "Well the word on the street is that you, missy, are the recipient of a hex bag." "So what? We've dealt with these things before, it's no big deal." Katniss returned her eyes to the road. Gale turned in his seat to face the angel, interested in what he had to offer, but knowing that his sister would see his interest as betrayal, he came to her defense. "She's right Finnick, we've handled hexes before." Finnick just shook his head, even after millennia of dealing with petulant humans, the two Winchester siblings still managed to exasperate him. "I may be immortal, but you two will be the death of me. Look, the demons are mobilizing for something, and we don't know what. So we really don't have time for you two to screw around with this." Finnick gave them each a knowing look, similar to that of a parent scolding a child. "I'm here to make sure that you two figure this out and fix it, so we can get back to working on important issues." "Oh, well I am thrilled to hear that my being cursed doesn't rank as an important issue to you." Katniss retorted, giving Finnick a deadly glare, the bored angel simply stared back at her. "Fine! But if you are riding along then you have to pitch in gas money. Gale is very concerned about how expensive driving Baby is." Gale let his head fall to his chest exasperated as Katniss chuckled at her own wit. With their resident angel and her brother in tow, Katniss navigated the Impala into a long winding driveway that was littered with rusted out cars, cornfields, and the occasional goose. They found Haymitch passed out on his couch. He sobered quickly when Katniss tossed a pitcher of cold water over his head, and his eyes caught sight of the hex bag. His girl was in trouble, big trouble from the looks at it so he started pouring through books until he found what he was looking for, but the news was not good. "Well sweetheart you got yourself into one heck of a pickle this time." Haymitch slammed his hands on either side of the book that was open in front of him. "Come on kid, you're usually more careful than this." "Oh come on, how bad could it be? We write some symbols on the ground, recite an incantation, spit in a bowl with chicken blood or something, and boom, curse lifted." Her response was nonchalant, but Katniss steadily became more terrified with each concerned look from Haymitch. Gale walked over to the book still open on the table and began reading "The Emaciatus Curse. The cursed shall loose the fat of their limbs…" His voiced drifted off as he carefully considered the words that he was reading. "Well, you know I do need to lose some weight." Katniss snidely interjected, spurring Gale to continue. The tension between the siblings was palpable, Gale stared at Katniss for a long minute before continuing, "The cursed shall loose the fat of their limbs until they be nothing but dust, unless they can claim the virtue of one who is pure of heart and soul, and who has walked the earth for 25 years. The cursed must claim this virtue before the next full moon or it is irreversible." "What does it mean to claim the virtue of one who is pure?" Katniss inquired, "I can't murder an innocent person, that's something I refuse to do." A voice laced with sarcasm spoke up from behind her, "It means you have to take the virginity of man before the next full moon, which for most people wouldn't include murder, but since you are involved there is always the possibility of boring them to death." Finnick mused flatly as he appeared behind her, Katniss dropped the beer startled by the angels sudden presence. "Damn it Finnick! Knock that off!" Katniss brushed some spilt beer from her shirt. "I told you Katniss, we don't have time to waste." "Ok, Mr. All Knowing Angel, how do you see a way out of this one?" The look she gave Finnick was one laced with derision, "How many 25 year old virgins do