The following is the piece I submitted for the Spring Fling Exchange on Ao3, written for angylinni from the prompt, Everlark AU: "They've never been friends, but both of them have been aware of the other, wondering what might be. She was the girl from the wrong side of the tracks, he was the boy with the world on a platter, they never should have met, or fallen in love." 1992, Age 7 It was so rare for Peeta's entire family to be in the car together that he couldn't remember the last time it had happened. His mother was complaining loudly about the people and the program that they were headed to see, and it both confused and embarrassed Peeta. He was old enough to realize that the driver could hear them, but not quite old enough to put together why exactly she had a problem with going to see a community program. Peeta was excited for the program; every year they put out punch and cookies, and he got to meet new people and he liked talking to new people. "Relax." His father interrupted his mother's tirade. "It'll be over before you know it. Besides, we need to be more involved with the community and more visible since we do employ over half the town's residents. Mellark Energy is sponsoring this entire event, after all." Peeta fiddled with the stiff collar of his pressed shirt; whoever had ironed it had been overly generous with the starch, and the fabric was digging into his neck painfully. His father reached out and tousled his blond curls before helping him adjust the collar. "Besides, the boys always have fun, don't you, Peeta?" Peeta smiled up at his father, exuberant at being noticed, and he said the first thing that came to mind. "Sure Dad, they always put out the best cookies." The older man laughed good-naturedly, but his mother was not amused and cast a pinched expression at the young boy. "As if you need any more cookies. With cheeks like that, I'm sure people will mistake you for the baker's child. Maybe you should think twice before stuffing your face tonight. It was cute to be chubby when you were a baby, but it's quickly losing its appeal." Peeta's face fell, his eyes immediately dropping to his lap to stare at his hands. His mother's words stung almost as painfully as a slap to the cheek and the tears pricking beneath his lids were enough to overshadow the elation he had felt just moments earlier when his father had spoken to him. For the rest of the car ride, Peeta compared himself to his brothers and found that he came up short in so many ways. They were tall and handsome; his oldest brother was intelligent and the best in his class at boarding school, and his middle brother was athletic and popular. Peeta was chubby, but it was nothing like his mother made it out to be. He merely carried the baby fat from toddlerhood prominently in his cheeks, and this was the type of weight that would eventually fall from his frame with time. But Peeta didn't know it at the time – all he knew was how much it hurt whenever his mother said things like that to him, and she did so often. Everything he was good at, like painting or helping the cook in the kitchen, were things that made her scoff at him and remind him that he would always fall short of his brothers. It was a little girl with two braids falling down her back who salvaged his night at the Mellark Energy community event. She was tiny and fearless, wearing a worn red plaid dress and standing beside her father, a man who sat in a chair on stage with a guitar in his lap. They sang together, and while the man's voice was beautiful, it was hers - high and lilting, such an unexpected surprise to come from someone his own age – that took his breath away. Peeta was just as entranced by her voice as he was by the clear bond between the father and daughter, who smiled at one another and sang as if they were the only two people in the world. Even though he wouldn't remember what they sang, Peeta Mellark found hope in the song and strength of that little girl who appeared to be the same age as him. If she could be brave enough to sing to a room filled with people, then he could be brave enough to not cry when his mother said mean things or when his father didn't have time for him. While he wished that he knew what it was like to have someone who believed in him as much as that little girl's dad obviously believed in her, he was happy for her because even though he didn't know who she was, it was clear to Peeta that she was someone worth knowing. Present Day Milky clouds streaked the broad expanse of obsidian sky, obscuring the moon and stars and creating a veil of darkness that fell heavily, making the hour seem much later than it actually was. From behind the wheel of a white crew-cab truck, Katniss Everdeen's eyes threatened to close, but she didn't pull over as someone was expecting her. Someone who was as much her opposite as the noonday sky was to the midnight hour. Cancelling would be as easy as dialing the phone, owning up to her exhaustion and making plans for another time. But she couldn't bring herself to do it, even though it had been a long week working twelve-hour shifts of back-breaking labor. More than anything Katniss needed a hot shower, a warm meal, and the comfort of her bed. Instead though, she sought out him and his hot shower and his bed. Can I still come? She had texted him when her shift finally ended. His response was immediate and filled her mind with fantasies which kept her company during the forty-five mile trek to his home: I plan on making that happen more than once . Heat flooded her core, his words a dirty promise Katniss planned on making sure he made good on. Katniss preferred it like this, when they were entirely focused on the physical element of their relationship. It was easier than when Peeta wanted to discuss deeper feelings, or when he wondered aloud about finally telling their friends about the relationship. Focusing simply on how it felt when he was moving inside of her was much easier to deal with than the clench in her chest or the longing she couldn't deny that she felt for him after they hadn't seen one another in a while. Mellark Energy. All it took was a reminder of his last name - the same last name emblazoned on the side of her work truck and on her paycheck - to solidify her resolve. It would be best if things remained casual between them. The long winding driveway lead to yet another reminder of how drastically different their lives were. A pair of pillars framed the entryway of a large, well-maintained house, highlighted by perfectly manicured landscaping and a porch swing which she was positive he (or any Mellark) hadn't ever had time to swing in. For the first time since she'd made the decision to visit Peeta earlier that night, Katniss felt hesitant. When they were apart, it was easy to forget what separated them. But sitting in his drive, in view of the grandeur of his home, she was suddenly very conscious of the fact that she did not belong in Peeta's world. Still, despite the discomfort of these realizations, she smoothed back her hair with her grease-stained hands and walked herself up to his door. ... The lights of Katniss's truck shining through the window had alerted Peeta to her arrival. A smile spread from one side of his face to the other as he rose to his feet and placed his tumbler of amber liquid on the end table. He had been waiting for this moment since he got her text. Quite simply put, he lived for her visits - nothing else could make him feel as alive as her touch. He pulled the door open before she had a chance to knock, stretching his hand out to take hers as she crossed the threshold, and then held her tightly against his body. Peeta didn't care if her worn coveralls were caked in mud or that her hands were covered in layers of grime and grease. He just needed to feel her as close to him as possible. They were quite the pair: Katniss with her messy braid and filthy coveralls unzipped and hanging off her hips, the black men's crew neck she wore underneath faded to a dingy grey from innumerable washings. Her boot-clad feet were wedged between his own, and while they both wore leather footwear, his were imported Italian and hers were steel toe. Her stomach grumbled loudly, bringing a blush to her cheeks and a chuckle from Peeta. "Hungry?" he asked. She responded by lifting her lips to his and covering them with a kiss. She was hungry, in more ways than one. Dinner could wait. Within minutes, they had made their way up to the expansive en-suite bathroom. Katniss' sweat-stained cotton tee was quickly tossed to the floor in a crumpled heap alongside Peeta's tailored, double-stitched dress shirt. Her grubby fingers left streaks of dirt on the pristine marble shower tiles and on Peeta's rippling shoulder muscles as she clung to him, but he didn't care - he only wanted her. He backed her soapy body up against the shower wall, cupping her breasts in his hands and thrusting gently against her stomach as they kissed. "Peeta," Katniss murmured into his mouth, and that was all it took to convey how much she wanted him in that moment. At the sound of his name, he deftly spun her around, pressing into her back as he pinned her wrists to the wall above her head. He held her captive with one hand while his other slipped around her hips and between her legs. Peeta easily spread her thighs with a nudge of his knee, widening her stance and making it easier for him to slip his digits between her folds. She pressed her ass back into him, her nipples grazing the cool marble tile as he tortured her slowly with his fingers. Peeta rested his chin on her shoulder. "We're going to take our time tonight..." he trailed off, laying kisses on her flushed skin. "I want to see how many times I can make you come before the hot water runs out." His fingers traced delicate swirls across her clit, causing Katniss to chant his name like a mantra, panting and desperate for release. Peeta didn't make her wait long, increasing the speed of his fingers in response to her moans and urging her to let go. Katniss was still quivering from her orgasm when her phone interrupted them the first time, the droning, generic tone of her dated phone pulling her from her daze. "Ignore it," Peeta breathed as he released her wrists, turning her to face him. He planted his hands on either side of her head. She needed no convincing, immediately distracted by the hot, hard length of his cock nestled between them. Their lips connected once again in a heated kiss and Katniss moaned softly, lifting a leg and wrapping it around his hip to urge their bodies together. Peeta had just started to enter her when his Blackberry - the one he used exclusively for work calls - began to vibrate loudly somewhere in the discarded pile of clothing on the bathroom floor. He groaned in frustration, leaning his forehead against the wall. "I have voicemail," he panted, although he did briefly