Quiet Resolve It started with a memo. A simple interoffice note written to inform Gale Hawthorne that he would be having a new intern start with him the following day. Attached to the memo was a resume and cover letter for the intern, but Gale didn't bother looking at the intern's qualifications. It didn't really matter what the intern's credentials were, he planned on treating the intern the same way he had been treated when he started – by asking him to make copies, file paperwork and prove himself by doing all sorts of busy work before being trusted with anything substantial. Only then, after this period of grunt work had passed, would Gale even entertain the idea of trusting the intern with real work. The memo, along with accompanying information about the intern was quickly forgotten. Lost in stacks of papers and volumes of text littering Gale's desk. He would later come to regret not reviewing the resume, not being prepared for the shock that Madge Undersee gave him when he arrived at the office the next morning. She was not the he that Gale had been expecting – more specifically, she was the daughter of one of the firm's partners. On that particular day, Gale was running late. He didn't usually run late, in fact he was meticulous in his attentiveness to being on time and following a schedule. It was a special morning though, his baby sister's birthday, which meant breakfast at the diner for pancakes topped with whip cream and bright pink sprinkles. While the dark-headed man was typically all seriousness when it came to most things, this ingrained part of his temperament did not apply to his interactions with Posy. She was in many regards the light of his life – everything that he did and worked for had been to provide for her, his brothers and mother after their father had passed unexpectedly. Anytime he felt like giving up, or taking a personal day all Gale had to do was look at the one framed photograph in his office of his family, and he once again found the motivation to push on. This of course was one of the reasons that he had skyrocketed through the ranks at the engineering firm, and was ultimately the reason that he despised Madge Undersee. Madge was waiting for him right outside of his office dressed impeccably in a tailored suit, her hair knotted in a sleek chignon, and her feet clad in shoes with a tell-tale bright red sole. Gale breezed right by her, unfazed by the beautiful woman and more concerned with checking his email and getting the day started so he could be off in time to pick up balloons and pizza for Posy's celebration that night. He started pouring over emails, the thick sound of a throat clearing caused him to look up from his computer, "Mr. Hawthorne?" The blonde woman in his doorway queried. "Yes." Gale's response was short, he was clearly irritated by the interruption. The blonde woman stepped into the office, seemingly unfazed by his blunt response, "I'm the intern, Madge. I'll be working with you for the next six months." She informed him casually, but internally she was a ball of anxious nerves. Her father had insisted she work with Gale, claiming that he was the best and that Madge could really learn something about tenacity from the dark-headed man. Her father hadn't mentioned how incredibly handsome Gale was. Of course he hadn't, because why would her father tell her such a thing? Besides, Madge was not one who was usually taken aback by vain things such as male beauty. Gale – Mr. Hawthorne – starred at Madge and then made a long 'hmmm' before clearing his throat, "Well, don't just stand there. You can take the desk in the corner to store your things. Please start a pot of coffee. I take mine black, and I'd like it in a travel tumbler." His eyes dropped back to the computer while Madge stood in her place, stunned at the effective way he had dismissed her without actually dismissing her. She backed up, nearly tripping in her new shoes before finding the desk he had directed her to. Madge waited for more instruction, but it never came. It was as if the gruff man had completely disregarded that she was there. Despite his calm demeanor, Gale was seething. How dare they send him a yuppie girl, with her designer clothing, and expensive perfume to be his intern? He was positive that she had never worked a day in her privileged life, she reeked of indulgence and an upper crust upbringing. As soon as she disappeared down the hall he dug out the memo, and was unsurprised to find that her father was a partner. Of course, he was surprised though to see that she looked like an especially promising candidate from her resume. It didn't matter though – Gale had already decided that he didn't like her, and nothing that she could do would sway his belief. It took five days, an entire work week, before Madge reached her breaking point. Gale was nothing if not thorough in his expectations of her. Stressing the importance of every mundane thing from how his files were numbered, to whether or not she leveled or heaped the coffee grounds. He rarely looked directly at her when making his expectations known, or acknowledged her by name. Madge had expected to be treated like a secretary, her father had pretty much told her that she would be expected to pay her dues. It felt like he didn't even see her though, that was what bothered her . He wasn't intentionally belittling or mean – he just didn't seem to know that she was there. Ordering things and flicking his wrist to dismiss her. How was she supposed to learn if he never talked to her? She was working underneath him because he was the best, she never anticipated him making her feel so wholly unnoticed. The dark-haired man noticed everything about his new intern. He especially admired her temperate attitude, and her quiet tenacity impressed him even if he was disinclined to admit it. Madge had a way of streamlining things, making them more efficient. Her work ethic was admirable – not once did she complain about any task that Gale gave her, not even staying well past the end of the business day. He didn't acknowledge these things because the last thing that he wanted to do was coddle her. So, when he pointed to a stack of things that needed to be filed and asked her to do such, he was a bit surprised with her response, "Not until you look at me and address me by name." Gale looked straight at her, taking in the flushed state of her cheeks and the set line of her lips. Her gaze was unwavering even if her stomach was churning with nerves. They stared at one another, both holding their ground until finally Gale conceded. "Madge, would you file those reports?" He didn't say please and she didn't expect him to, she just wanted to know that he recognized he was dealing with a sentient being and not a robot. "Yes, Mr. Hawthorne. I will." She responded, her voice higher than usual, before clicking out of the office on her towering heels. Gale watched her leave. Adding the sway of her slender hips and curve of her ankle to the list of things he wished he didn't notice about Madge Undersee. Along with her quiet resolve, some of the things he noticed made him feel a bit disconcerted in her presence. He was careful to hide that he was discerning these things, because he was completely taken aback that he was aware of them in the first place. It wasn't like him to ogle a woman – his mother had raised him better. Gale respected the line between admiring and ogling, and as he watched Madge walk away he was embarrassed to realize that he had in fact been doing a little more than admiring her beauty. The handsome man was no stranger to a beautiful woman. While he didn't really have time, or so he told himself, to date, his sex life was still very active and did not suffer. Gale's preferred method was to find a partner that wanted the same thing that he did – safe sex without the tethers of a relationship. He found these relationships satisfying and accommodating to his lifestyle, staying with a partner until either of them decided it was time to move on. Really Madge was no prettier than the woman he was currently bedding, in fact in many ways she wasn't as attractive. There was something about her though that made him take notice of Madge differently than he ever had taken notice of a woman before. Whatever it was, Gale didn't like it. He was in over his head before he realized what was happening. Over the months, Madge had grown on him and he had grown on her. The silences between them were comfortable as they worked together, side-by-side on projects. She was brilliant adding a perspective that he was lacking in, a fresh look at things and an uncanny ability to see all sides and anticipate all issues. He taught her how to be meticulous and precise, relaying his knowledge and experiences to her. She absorbed everything that he taught her, and in many ways Gale knew that ultimately she would be better at his job than he was. He wasn't intimidated, nor did he play down her talents because he was exceedingly proud of her. There was that other thing, too. It didn't have a name because it was more than just basic attraction. It was a connection, but also different. He couldn't pinpoint it exactly, and he sure as hell wasn't capable of defining it. It had something to do with the way his heart sped up when she leaned in close to review a document, or how the sound of her soft, melodic laugh made his stomach clench. Gale understood physical arousal, he knew what it meant to want someone or to dream of them naked. But this thing that he felt for Madge was completely different than that. In many ways it encompassed traits of desire that he understood, almost painfully so. His wish for casual sex had been replaced with thoughts of what it would be like to wake up next to a pillow covered in silky blonde hair. Gale found himself hard a lot. He was almost embarrassed by these inopportune erections popping up at unexpected times like when Madge leaned over to straighten a pile of documents and he caught a glimpse of her slip. It was bad enough that he had some school girl crush on his intern, he didn't need his dick acting like a fourteen-year-olds in her presence. It did though, and once while he watched her eat strawberries he even considered jerking off in the bathroom to relieve the ache in his groin. Her sexiness was mystifying. So unassuming that he was quite positive she didn't realize the reaction that she caused in him, he was sure the thing with the strawberries had been a sexual fantasy created in his mind completely. She wasn't intentionally seducing him, was she? She liked his eyes on her. At first, Madge thought she had been imagining the steel grey orbs tracking her movements, because when she looked towards him he would dutifully be attending to his work. As the months progressed though, he got sloppier, lingering for longer and she would catch them darting away and never daring to meet her own. With his thick, dark hair and chiseled jaw, it was hard not to have a slight crush on him. She and her friends would giggle over margaritas as she detailed their odd partnership. She