The past builds the future. Decisions made when people are young create who they become. Yet, many times individuals are told to leave the past exactly there, behind them. For some, this is actually a possibility, but others are incapable of doing so. Because the past plays an integral role in who they choose to engage with, fuels relationships and ties to who they are, and ultimately who they become. People will always linger in the past. Sometimes for tiny slivers of time during particular memories, other times in inescapable doubts and traumas that haunt them. But since they can never fully escape their past, why not embrace it? ... There wasn't much thinking happening- in fact for the first time since he was five, Peeta Mellark was blissfully unaware of anything going on aside from what was happening in the moment. Thoughts of his tyrant of a mother, pressures of school and athletics, and images of one raven-haired girl that typically invaded his waking and sleeping hours were now obsolete. The girl underneath him was exceptionally pretty. She had a slender waist, round hips, soft features, and lovely dark blonde hair accentuated with bottle highlights streaking the crown of her head. She was beautiful, and while she had many suitors seeking her affections, she had chosen Peeta. No one ever chose Peeta. Well, that was not entirely true. Many friends sought him out when they needed help with a project, or wanted him on their sports team, or possibly just wanted to score free treats from the bakery. This girl, though, was different- she simply wanted to be around Peeta. He didn't know how to deal with this, and he didn't really know what to make of it. It should be reiterated that no one ever chose Peeta just to have him around. Not his father, brothers, or the girl of his dreams, and especially not his mother. His mother was even fond of reminding him of this particular fact, that she had not chosen him at all. Four weeks ago Peeta knew very little about the girl beneath him now. Most of his information revolved around the fact that somewhere between their sophomore and junior year her cheerleading sweater fit tighter, and the baby fat had left her cheeks. He had noticed her, like he had many other girls, but he hadn't given her much thought before she approached him after weight training to ask if he wanted to accompany her to get some ice cream. Peeta had another girl on his mind most hours of the day. A certain quiet girl with grey eyes and dark brown hair, who paid no attention to him, but was always at the forefront of his mind. However, the cheerleader had been insistent, and Katniss Everdeen wasn't interested in spending any time with Peeta. Katniss Everdeen's angelic voice brought comfort to young Peeta when he was only five years old. He had finally reached that precarious age where the cherubic quality was lost from his countenance, and his cognitive functioning was advanced enough to understand how very disappointed his mother was in him. Barely free from the grasp of toddlerhood, young Peeta was capable of perceiving how his mother felt about him, but not yet mature enough to understand the fault was not his to bear. However, he could understand the way Katniss Everdeen's voice made him feel. It made him feel happy, it made him forget, and it was the reason music class was the one thing he anticipated most in the entire world. Interestingly enough, Peeta's voice cracked when he sang and he couldn't carry a tune; his talents were really with paint and paper, but he counted down the time to music class with bated breath. At seventeen, Peeta's preoccupation with the reserved girl developed into something resembling an infatuation, he was enamored with her yet knew little of who she really was. He thought of her frequently, yearned to speak with her (but never did because his tongue felt tied and heavy at the mere thought of approaching her). He often used thoughts of her slight, petite frame to fuel desires while touching himself in the shower, but he had never actually held her hand, brushed hair from her eyes, and he had definitely never held his lips against hers. He did not know Katniss; they did not run in the same circles or take the same classes (she was in honor's courses, his efforts focused mostly in athletics), but that didn't prevent Peeta from stealing lingering glances at her, or practicing what he would say to her in the mirror. At this particular point in time, the time that must be mentioned to truly understand how Peeta Mellark's history immediately defined his future, none of that mattered. It was as if Katniss Everdeen, her magical singing voice, and serious grey eyes did not even exist. Peeta lost himself deep inside the cheerleader, slipping in and sliding out, climbing closer to the edge. His senses were overwhelmed, his breathing ragged and shallow, his eyes squeezing shut as he spilled into her, letting the blackness overtake him. He collapsed on her chest, struggling to take in air, not necessarily noticing that his stocky frame was crushing her smaller one. She squirmed beneath him and he rolled off of her, pulling her tight to his side. "That was…" Peeta trailed off as he realized that she was studying him carefully, breathing evenly, obviously not experiencing the bliss that he was. Color flooded his cheeks as realization rushed to his brain, "It wasn't good for you? I'm sorry." His mortification ran deep. She had given him so much, and he had repaid her with a truly shameful performance. Unlike Peeta, this had not been the girl's first experience with sex, which really made his less than stellar performance all the more horrible for him. "It's okay," she reassured. "Here," she spoke softly as she took his hand and guided it between her legs, "like this." When she came it was an almost silent event, her body slightly trembling, her breathing becoming just a tad irregular. When she achieved completion it was so quiet that Peeta continued touching her much longer than necessary. She pried his fingers away, reassuring him that it was good, and she had enjoyed herself, though he was not completely convinced. Frankly, Peeta had been expecting something far different than the reality of the moment. It wasn't anything at all like the shuddering, screaming climaxes he saw on the internet. Believing her was easy though, considering the alternative was an embarrassment he was not quite ready to admit. When his orgasm-induced fog cleared, awareness struck. It hit him hard, despite what he had been so eager to believe in the moments now passed, he knew that they had messed up. He knew enough about sex and the workings of the human body to know that not using a condom was really not okay. There was pregnancy, and horrible diseases, and many other things that Peeta had never even considered. Despite the image that he projected to the rest of the world, Peeta was not the self-assured almost man that everyone thought he was. He had insecurities, fears, and an overall low sense of self-esteem brought about by years of emotional abuse at the hands of his mother. He didn't really want to broach the subject, so much as he had to broach the subject. "So, it's really okay that we didn't use a condom?" He had been inside the girl only ten minutes previous, but Peeta could not look at her when he asked this. She was sitting beside him, using a discarded work-out t-shirt to wipe at her inner thighs and between her legs (Peeta knew that he should tell her the shirt was anything but clean, but he was still so nervous just talking to her). She tossed the shirt back down on the floor where she had found it before working her underwear and pants back up her legs. Peeta was positive he had spoken loud enough for her to hear him, but it took her so long to answer he considered dropping the topic all together. He was so very anxious, completely perplexed as to how to deal with things of this nature. "Oh yeah, they make me itch and my period was just last week." She spoke nonchalantly, as if she discussed things of this nature every day, but for Peeta this was the very first time the word period had ever been said directly to him. "Everyone knows you can't get pregnant right after your period- next time just pull out, okay?" Her words stung, her response sounded condescending, and Peeta nodded despite never remembering hearing this particular fact in health class. All in all, he could really only focus on the fact that she said there would be a next time. There was a next time, and he was better. He even brought condoms with him. Better for Peeta meant this time he lasted longer than the previous time, and at one point he was able to elicit a moan from her. The condoms remained unused, still packed tightly into the box in which Peeta had purchased them in. This time she wasn't recently off her period, but she pouted and promised it would be okay if he pulled out. She pleaded that she liked to feel their skin move together, and insisted that Peeta would just hate the feeling of latex on his most sensitive skin. He knew he shouldn't be so complacent, but it was hard not to be when someone wanted to be with him; and it felt so good, which helped him forget. When he did allow himself to linger on the possibilities, he knew what the risk was, the predicament in which they could find themselves, but feeling wanted seemed worth the risk. It felt like they were playing with fire, and they were, but he didn't really want to stop, so when she said that it would be okay, he chose to believe her. The dark-haired beauty only came to him in dreams now. He felt foolish for believing that he had once loved her, especially now when he was actually in love, and regularly making love, with his girlfriend. (Even though they really didn't do much talking aside from the things that they said to each other in the dark of night, he was almost positive this is what love was). He looked forward to being with her, and counted the minutes before he could be inside her again, similar to how he used to count the minutes until music class. It didn't really seem like the love that was portrayed on television and in songs, but this was real life and real life was always different he surmised. His parents weren't the best couple to compare his relationship to, because they often didn't have much to do with one another and had slept in different rooms for as long as he could remember. He knew it didn't feel completely like he expected it would, but he was sure it was love. Peeta's mind wanted to linger on this disconnect, but his heart wouldn't let him. No point trying to analyze something that wasn't worth analyzing. Late at night when he could no longer escape the worries that nagged at the corners of his mind, he rationalized that surely she loved him, too. Her legs parted easily and she panted his name. If that wasn't love then what was? So on one muggy night, as the air was heavy with sex and the beginnings of summer, he told her as much as he spilled onto her stomach. Breathing the words was easier than he thought it would be, but he did not anticipate her response. The girl quickly climbed out from underneath him and moved to the furthest end of the vehicle. Peeta