Be forewarned, this was written for the Dirty December prompt 'May-December Romance', which is a relationship between people with a significant age difference (20 years). If this isn't your thing...don't read it. It's all in good fun and rated mature, proceed with discretion. The winter air is frigid, biting at my exposed skin and bringing tears to the corners of my eyes. I should have dug the outside Christmas lights out weeks ago, right after Thanksgiving when the air was cold but not so much that my teeth chattered. As I'm struggling to get the ladder down from its hook, a thundering, sputtering sound behind me alerts me to the fact that the youngest Mellark is home. The family keeps to themselves, and although we have been neighbors for years, the only time I've really spoken to any of them is when the patriarch brought over bread and sandwich meat the day after Gale died. He brought condolences as well, but I was still so numb with shock I can't remember what was said, aside from the fact that the man seemed exceptionally kind. Gale . I still can't believe he is gone, that he left me by myself so suddenly. We had so much time ahead of us. Instead an aneurysm took him from me just weeks after his 38th birthday and days before our fifteenth wedding anniversary, leaving me a widow at 36. I'm still pissed at him, even a year later. "How's it going, Mrs. Hawthorne?" a voice behind me asks. I turn around to find the perpetrator with the faulty exhaust system behind me, "Here let me grab that." The young man, who is all blonde hair and bright white teeth, grabs the end of the ladder from me and finagles it from where it was tangled. He does so in a fluid motion, putting my efforts to shame. "Thank you, I was about to make a mess of the situation." I wish I could remember his name. All of the boys are named after types of bread, or food, or something of that nature, and for the life of me I can't remember which one he is. "Would you like some help? Putting up Christmas lights is a specialty of mine." He gestures to the yard beside mine, his yard. "I swear my mom had me rearrange the roof lights at least three times, and she still complains that they aren't quite right." I don't want to mess with these lights. The only reason I'm doing it is because I skipped it last year, and Prim spent Christmas day chiding me for not having decorations up for my nieces to enjoy. "That would be fantastic. I'd pay you of course, and please forgive me but I get all three of you confused. Remind me of your name?" "Peeta, ma'am. Instead of paying would you sign a National Honor society slip for me? I can count it as service hours." Indeed, he was named after bread, and while it is a bit unusual, I find the name fits him. National Honor Society, I remember those days, and I find it a bit amusing that helping a widow like myself would be considered a community service. Still though, it means I don't have to mess with these lights, "It would be my pleasure." He smiles brightly at my answer, cheeks ruddy with cold and eyes bright blue, contrasting with his skin. Spring brings rain, flowers, allergies, and over grown grass. When Gale was alive we had a beautiful yard, perfectly manicured and fertilized. It was easily one of the greenest yards in the entire town. This will never be the case again. I've completed one pass and am already over this chore when Peeta comes striding across the yard, waving at me. "Morning, Mrs. Hawthorne. Let me get this for you." He reaches for the lawn mower, I let it die. Peeta is shirtless and the sight leaves my mouth dry, I immediately look anywhere but the smooth expanse of his chest. "It would be my pleasure, Mrs. Hawthorne, really." He smiles and a single dimple appears in his left cheek, my heart races at the sight. My face flushes and not from exertion, "You know, I am feeling a bit off. If you don't mind Peeta I would really appreciate that. Just bring me that slip and I'll sign it again." My eyes are trained on his, which is harder to maintain then it should be because it is difficult not to look at his chest again. It has been entirely too long since I've seen a shirtless man in person if I can't stop staring at a teenager. Later that evening there is a knock at the door, I open it to find Peeta standing there holding a large Tupperware container. Luckily for me, he is wearing a shirt. It's a tight cotton Henley, and I should be able to forget the way he looked earlier when he was bare chested, but now my eyes are trained on the slim curve of his hips and how broad his shoulders are in comparison. "Did you bring that slip by?" My mouth is having a hard time producing saliva. It should be a crime for a teenager to look this way, and I'm pretty sure the thoughts I am having about him are illegal in most states because of our age difference. Peeta looks at me slightly confused, "I uh, well, like I said this morning I don't have to get hours anymore since I graduate in two months. I brought you some soup. I was worried about you after you said you weren't feeling well this morning." That's a bit of a relief, if he is getting ready to graduate he is most likely eighteen. I still feel incredibly guilty though, because eighteen is too young for me to be imagining what the taut skin of his abdomen feels like pressed against mine. "Well, thank you Peeta. Please pass my thanks on to your parents for me. I really appreciate it." I take the container from him and place it on the end table so I can pull some cash from my purse, "Here take this." "I made the soup myself, ma'am. I hope it's to your liking." When he calls me ma'am my thighs clench slightly, and I feel my face flush again. He shakes his head at the cash in my hand. "No need for payment, I was just being neighborly." Peeta smiles, and his goddamn dimple distracts me so much that I barely catch what he just said. Like clockwork, every Saturday morning for the rest of the summer Peeta mows my lawn and does other yard tasks. I often watch him from my window. It's not something I'm proud of, but the sight of him sweaty, skin reddening under the sun and exertion, ass flexing as he pushes the mower, does things to me I thought I was incapable of still feeling. I rationalize it and try to convince myself it's okay because the boy is so obviously blessed in the looks department, he was created to be admired. I still feel a bit like a pervy old lady though, because the boy is so genuinely nice. I know that he is eighteen, and just a kind boy helping his widowed neighbor, but that doesn't stop me from caressing between my thighs with thoughts of him on my mind. By the end of the summer, we have taken to eating lunch together after he is done with the yard. I find that I look forward to these Saturday lunch dates and have really come to enjoy Peeta's presence. For being only eighteen, he is well read and can maintain conversation about literature and current events in a way that makes me forget he is almost twenty years my junior. In early August, he knocks on the patio door and motions for me to join him outside. It's still pretty early and I'm wrapped in a short robe, feet bare, and hair loose around my shoulders, but he shoots me that one dimpled grin, and I know I'd do just about anything he asked. "Mrs. Hawthorne, I hope you don't mind, but I don't sleep much and well this had been bothering me all summer…" It is so incredibly early and I'm still waking up, but for some reason I fear that I have been found out, and he is getting ready to scold me for lusting after him all summer, "…well, and I probably should have asked, but I wanted it to be a surprise." He catches my attention on the word surprise, and I look up at him. Peeta appears nervous and keeps running his hand through his hair, which is damp with perspiration that is causing it to stick to his forehead. "I'm sorry Peeta, it's so early, dear. What are you rambling about?" He extends his hand and I automatically place mine in his. Peeta's hands are large, and surprisingly rough to the touch. He wraps his fingers around mine and squeezes as he leads me to the side of the house. He pulls me all the way around to the side of the house by the gate, to stand in front of a large panel of stained glass, "Ma'am, I uh, I noticed that when the sun rises it beats directly onto your patio doors, and well I thought hanging this would help shade the interior of the house." He shifts, and then as if he realizes it for the first time that he is holding my hand tightly, drops my hand and runs his through his hair. "I hope I'm not crossing a boundary or something, I worked on it all month after my shift at the bakery, and well I realize now I should have asked if you even would like it." I'm stunned into silence. The panel is beautiful, and I can't imagine how much time and energy went into its creation. I had no clue that Peeta had a talent like this, but what he has given me is a breathtaking sun rise in colored glass. He's right, the bright morning sun makes the kitchen and dining room unbearable most mornings. "Peeta, this is so amazing. Just gorgeous. You made this?" "Yes, ma'am. I hope it is okay." The flush on his cheeks is ruddy, deepening with every second. I can't imagine why on earth he would be embarrassed. This is possibly the most considerate gift I have ever been given, and he made it. "I love it. Thank you so much." I want to hug him, but I'm not sure if that is appropriate. It's one of those things if I didn't have this physiological reaction to him, I would have done it in an instant. However, the fact that I am barely clothed, and I often get wet just thinking of him, makes me think that I shouldn't. Peeta steps forward, and I can smell the sweat on his skin and the laundry detergent on his clothes, "Can I go ahead and hang it, then I'll get started on the yard." He stands there shifting from foot to foot like he wants to say something else, but he never does. The moment is awkward, "Sure, Peeta. Thank you so much!" I give in and wrap my arms around his middle. He has shoes on and I don't, so my head lands smack against his chest. Peeta doesn't miss a beat, and wraps his arms around me too. He squeezes me tight, and I hold on longer than I probably should, but I can't help myself because it feels so good. Summer passes and autumn comes. I'm taking tea at the dining room table while reading when there is a knock at the door. When I open the door, Peeta is standing there with a serious look on his face, "So, I'm moving