A/N: For those of you who have me on author alert or follow my other stories, this story is quite different from anything that I have written in the past. Please refer to the warnings below and proceed with caution. This was my entry for Day 7 of Prompts in Panem Writer's Challenge, in response to the prompt 'What if?' Now that the challenge has concluded I will be returning to updating my existing WiP's. Thank you to my beta, Wildharp, for sticking with me on this journey! Also, I would be remiss if I didn't thank Abagail Snow for the gorgeous cover art that accompanies this story! Please let me know what you think, good or bad, I'd love to know. Warnings : Major character death(s), underage, abuse/non con, suicide What if Katniss, Peeta, and Gale were planning to run away from District 12 and were found out? The snow is heavy and wet, coming down in soft, lazy clumps, covering the ground, and hiding the soot and grime of District 12. Katniss hovers near the fence, near her and Gale's preferred entrance, circling the area, never committing to a spot, hoping to catch him before he ducks under, but not wanting to draw attention to herself. Eventually, she scales a tree in direct eye line with the area where Gale will arrive. While it would be preferable to ask him what she wants to ask him in the woods, she knows that Peeta would never make it there with the weather conditions worsening and the effect the cold has on his phantom limb. They stop by Peeta's home, knocking on the door, "What's this about, Catnip?" Gale asks with an air of practiced indifference. Katniss hears it though, the strain in his voice, desperate and melancholy, she chooses to pretend she doesn't realize what it means. If they are going to do this, she needs them both, it is the only way it will work for her, the only way she will survive it. Peeta opens the door, the warm air is laced with the rich scent of burning timber and yeast, his smile is genuine as he regards the pair, "Katniss" he nods at her, eyes appraising the lovely pink flush on her cheeks from the cold, "Gale" the nod that he gives the coal miner is welcoming, not mirroring the disdain in other man's eyes. "Come on in, it's freezing out there." Katniss passes easily through the door, but Gale pauses at the threshold as if some unforeseen force prevents him from stepping in, she notices his hesitance and pauses right as she was about to greet Peeta with a quick hug. Her eyes connect with Peeta's instead; the smile he gives is one of assurance. Katniss reaches out a delicate, glove covered hand for Gale, and he is forced to step inside to grasp it. He can't refuse her hand; she has never reached for him like this, never like this, like she is beckoning him, like she needs him to join her. Through hastily written notes, Katniss and Peeta explain the plan to Gale. The houses are bugged, do not speak, just read and burn the paper. Everyone is in grave danger because Katniss has unintentionally sparked a Rebellion with her actions. They want to run, and they want to take him with them. Their plan is preposterous and unrealistic, but he reads their scrawl rapidly before tossing it into the burning fire. In his own untrained, shaky hand writing he tells them that if they want to leave then the plan would have to be much better. Peeta produces a platter with toasted bread, creamy butter, and golden honey. He wishes he could hate Peeta, despise his competition, yet he can't muster the ability too. The boy is too good, too kind, and entirely too smitten with Katniss for Gale to fault him. He decides his efforts would be best spent on wooing her instead of hating the Merchant. Gale tips his head towards Peeta as he reaches for a piece of bread. Peeta smiles nervously at his guests. Katniss scowls at the impossibility of the situation. Gale fights the urge to put his fist through Peeta's kitchen wall. Katniss is awake when Peacekeepers storm through the front door. She is sitting looking at the plant book, she should be startled, but she isn't. Since she arrived home from the Capitol she has been waiting for this to happen. She goes without resistance, allowing them to cuff her and lead her barefoot through the snow to the Justice building. Gale fights. He spits, bites, kicks and thrashes until they knock him unconscious. Peeta goes much like Katniss, his only request to secure his leg into place before they cuff and lead him to the Justice building. "Your compliance is necessary in keeping your remaining family members alive." Gale wakes to a voice that he had only ever heard through the distortion of an ancient television set. He is tethered to a chair, the dank smell of mildew and spoiled milk assaulted his senses, and was second only to the increasingly overwhelming smell of copper and floral notes. He struggles to open his eyes, one is nearly swollen shut, the other fighting to process the bright fluorescent lights. Beside him, he can hear Katniss whimpering, crying almost silently. "I take it that you understand the grave nature of the circumstances you have found yourself in?" Gale realizes this must be the retribution that Katniss and Peeta had warned of, they should have left, his heart begins to race as he realizes that he is facing imminent death. This was how Snow operated, he would take who Katniss cared about and make examples of them to her. He had to see her, let her know her forgave her, his eyelid finally cooperated and the room started to come into focus around him. Tears pooled in Katniss' lap. Every single person that she cared about in the world was locked in this terrible room with her, and blood had already been shed. "You three have been charged with the crime of conspiring to leave District 12." Haymitch, her mother, and the gentle baker lie dead on the floor, awful bullet holes decorating their still warm foreheads. "Take me!" The scream tore from her throat, "Kill me, not them! Leave them all alone, they are innocent." "As much as I would love to take you up on your offer, you and Peeta here are a hot commodity in the Capitol. We are going to have a lot of fun, my dear." Gale's eyes were focused on the carnage in front of him, he had yet to look at Snow, too focused on the living and dead huddled in the corner, he was surprised to see his brothers and mother standing in the mix. Hazelle's eyes met Gale's in a look of pure horror and motioned to where the voice was coming from. They were tied to chairs in the middle of the room, Snow sat in front of them, flanked by Peacekeepers, Gale began to lash out trying to break the binds that hold him to the chair when he realized that his baby sister was sitting on Snow's lap. The snake like President, is stroking Posy's soft curls while he talks. "Oh look Katniss, your cousin has decided to join us. Fighting is just silly at this point, don't you think? Why don't you sit down before I add some Hawthorne blood to the mess on the floor." She pleads with the President, begging for mercy for the rest of them. "I've got big plans for you three. Well, at least for Peeta and Katniss, at this point I'm not sure what role you play in this cousin, but I do believe it to be in my advantage to keep you alive." One flick of his liver spotted wrist was all that it took, and the three teens are dragged from their home District. Peeta sobs. Katniss screams. Gale raises a cacophony of curses into the night sky. The trio is locked away in a bedroom that they are told is theirs. There is one bed, large enough to sleep the three of them, at first the boys allow Katniss to take the bed, but after a week of sleeping on the floor, and the realization that this will be their prison for the time being, they hesitantly join her in bed. She welcomes their presence, curling up between them, trying to drown out the noise in her head. In the mornings, Gale notices that she always wakes curled into Peeta. He tries not to let their familiarity bother him, but it does. Peeta sits silently on the bed. Katniss sits beside him, mirroring his silence. Gale paces like a caged animal, in many regards he is just that. Prep teams arrive. They strip every last follicle of hair from Katniss' body, and when the technician pushes her legs apart just so then begins to wax between her legs, leaving her completely bald, she begins to realize the nature of the beast they are facing. A ball is thrown. It is magnificent, the talk of the town, and the star crossed lovers are the honored guests, Gale is left behind in the bedroom. Dances are danced, food is consumed, smiles are given, and unbeknownst to them a marketing ploy is the scheme of the night, promises of the most spectacular live event that the Capitol has seen in awhile. As Peeta and Katniss act out perfect young adoration for the crowds, they find themselves trying to get lost in the feeling of being free, if only for a night. Their behavior is closely monitored by possible patrons, the love between them seems evident, and ticket sales sky rocket. A man wearing a deep burgundy suit made of velvet, with a ridiculous thin orange mustache that matches his hair arrives with a script for Peeta and Katniss. An actual script for the events that are supposed to unfold between them, the attempt at scripting an event that should remain unscripted would be laughable if the situation were not so grave. There is no dialogue on the paper, instead lewd drawings and descriptions of what they will be expected to do to one another in front of an audience. Examination of Katniss had allowed Snow the knowledge that Katniss was still a virgin, increasing the worth of the tickets even more. Expectations are unreasonably high, and what perverse expectations they are, the show has to be convincing and completed in such a way that will generate buzz and fanfare, so that there can be more of the same kind. If they do not succeed someone will die, and it won't be one of the three. Peeta weeps. Katniss withdraws into herself. Gale seethes with anger. "I won't do it." Peeta promises Katniss, she reaches a hand to his face, shushes him, and tells him it's okay, that he has to do it to keep Prim, his family, and the Hawthorne's safe. In this moment Gale realizes that Peeta loves Katniss more than he will ever be possible of, for Peeta is more concerned with her happiness and safety than that of his family's. He feels conflicted. "She's right, Mellark. You guys have to do this." Gale's heart implodes in his chest as he speaks the words, it kills him, but it is the only way. "You guys haven't done anything past kissing have you?" Peeta and Katniss look at him and his suspicions are confirmed, he is relieved at the thought, at one point his biggest fear was that they had shared something he never had with his hunting partner. The relief is quickly replaced with fear as he realizes their inexperience will show, the event will be compromised, his family is in danger. Katniss agrees almost immediately, surprising both boys, Peeta is harder to convince, concerned about