TWILIGHT DIVERSITY CONTEST Title of Story: The Erasmus Student Story Summary: He's experiencing my body like he does with History: his eyes are closed, losing himself in the feeling. And I let him take me with him, even if it's just for a few months I'll let him take me wherever he wants. Pairing: Bella/Edward Rating: M Word Count (not including summary, header, or footnoted word translations): 14,175 Warning: the story is set in Spain, Bella is Spanish so keep in mind that when she's talking to her friends, she's speaking Spanish, even if it's written in English. There're some parts written in Spanish, for which the translations are provided at the end. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. The professor finally dismisses the class and I turn to my friend Maria, who's stifling a yawn. I do the same just from seeing her, and we both chuckle. After five years, we're now used to our evening schedule, but that doesn't mean that finishing at 8 p.m. on the first day of the school year is a good idea, especially with the subject being Business Law. Jessica, another of my friends, turns in her seat and laughs at us. "You two look like old ladies, already tired and it's only eight in the evening." We glare at her and she only laughs harder. She's always full of energy, no matter what time it is. "I suppose you don't want to go for a beer, right?" she asks. "I would say yes to that, but I have to go. I have to look after Katie tonight. You can come to my place for dinner if you want," I offer. Katie is my little cousin. My father and my uncle had been policemen and died on duty five years ago. We had been devastated; my mother had lost her husband and her older brother the same day. I was eighteen at the time and it had been really hard, but now I was full of happy memories with my father. My uncle, on the other hand, had left behind a wife and a one year old daughter. My mom and I had more family, in fact, my grandparents on her side came to live with us a couple years ago, but my aunt was left alone, so we kind of adopted them. They now live at their own home, but on the days that my aunt has a night shift, my mom takes care of the little girl. Tonight, though, both my mother and my aunt have night shifts at the hospital —they are nurses— so I have to be the responsible cousin. "Will we watch Inside Out ?" asks Maria, bouncing in her seat like a little girl. "Of course." We both are like kids when it comes to Disney movies. "Then I'll go." "Me too," says Jess. "Great. Then, we'll stop by…" I trail off when my phone starts vibrating. I ask them to wait for a moment and I answer. "Hello?" "Hi, Bella. This is Carmen, from the International Relations Office." "Oh, hi, Carmen. How are you?" "I'm fine, thanks. Look, I'm calling because I have an Erasmus student here. He's British and he speaks Spanish, but not very well. I was hoping that you, being fluent in English, could show him around and help him with the language." A huge grin splits my face. I signed up my first year for the University's Volunteer Program, but this is a very small university, and I haven't had many opportunities to do something. Besides, I need extracurricular credits or I won't graduate this year, and this is a great chance. "Yes, of course I can." "That's great," she says excitedly. "Can you come over to the office so I can introduce you?" "Yes, sure. I'll be there in five minutes." The good thing about being in such a small campus that consists of only one building is that you can be anywhere in the lapse of ten minutes tops. I hang up and see my friends looking at me expectantly. "I'm finally getting the credits I need. I'm going to volunteer with an Erasmus student," I tell them. "I have to go for a moment to Carmen's office." "Okay. We can go to McDonald's to grab something for dinner and we'll meet at your place," says Jessica. "Perfect. I want a McChicken menu with Coke and potato wedges. Oh, and chicken nuggets." I give them ten euros to pay for my things and Katie's Happy Meal, and I take my bag to go. "Don't you want a chicken milkshake too?" says Maria teasingly. I show her my middle finger as I laugh and go out the door, making my way towards the library. Until the second building for the offices and the function room is finished, the functions are held in the hall and the service offices are located beside the library. The building is large enough, consisting of a big hall surrounded by the classrooms and the faculty offices. In the middle of that hall is the library, which consists of a main open floor one level under the lobby and three massive cubes of three floors each suspended from the ceiling for the study rooms. I go down the ramp and bypass the library's entrance, going down a few steps and turning left to where the university's services offices are held. I wonder why a British student has chosen to come here. Most Erasmus students that come to Spain usually go to Madrid or Barcelona. But, Segovia? A small city at the foot of the mountains in the center of the country? Well, I guess I'll have now the chance to ask him, I think to myself. I knock on the International Relations Office's door and open it. Inside I find Carmen and beside her is who I assume to be the new student. And, oh my god. He's gorgeous. He has the most brilliant green eyes I have ever seen, perfect nose, perfect kissable lips, and a crooked smile that is making me tremble on the inside. His hair is a strange mix of light brown and red, and his body is lean, maybe even muscled, but I can't tell because of his winter clothes. What is clear is that he's tall, like five feet eleven tall. Mix that with the fact that he's British –and I have a thing for everything British, especially the accent– and I have in front of me the perfect man, at least on the outside. "Hey, Bella. Come in," says Carmen, taking me out of my stupor. "Edward, this is Isabella Swan," she continues, now speaking in English. He extends his hand to me. "Edward Masen." . . "Bella!" Katie comes running to me. "I have a Happy Meal and we're going to see Inside Out . We are waiting for you." She takes my hand and drags me to the living room, talking a mile per minute. I find my friends sitting on the couch, with the dinner spread over the coffee table. I sit between them, and Jessica takes Katie and sits her on her lap. "Your mom has already left," says Maria. "Yes, she said that-" Jessica looks down at Katie and puts her hands over the girl's ears "-that he better be good for you to arrive so late," she finishes, and Maria laughs beside me. Katie releases herself from Jess, jumps to the floor and takes off running, yelling that she needs to use the bathroom. I get up to go with her, but before going I answer, "I don't know if he's good, but he sure is damn fine." "Hey!" exclaims Maria. "Don't go, you have to tell us everything." "There's nothing to tell. I just showed him where his classrooms are, and we're meeting tomorrow because he needs help with the language." "Oh, and is he going to help you back?" asks Maria with a smirk. I laugh and shake my head. "You are incorrigible." "And you need to get laid," Jess whispers, just in case Katie is near. She didn't have to bother, though. The next thing I hear is my name yelled from the bathroom, and I go to see what the little imp needs. . . I wake up the next morning with Katie jumping in my bed. I groan and turn, and she starts taking the covers off me. "Come on, Bella. You have to take me to school." I groan again. Can't she be like the other kids that don't want to wake up early to go to school? Does she have to be so excited first thing in the morning? "Come on. Come on. Come on!" "Okay, okay. But don't scream. Aunt Renee must be sleeping." I sit on the bed and chuckle when I look at her. "What have you done to your hair?" She has tried to tie her hair in a ponytail, but said ponytail is to the side, and the left half of her hair is down. "I tried to tie it like you do, but my hands are small," she says, turning her hands and looking at me with a pout. And it's the cutest thing I've ever seen. "Do you want me to braid your hair?" "Yes!" she exclaims. "Okay, let's go to have breakfast and then I'll braid your hair." One hour later, I've left Katie at school and I'm making my way towards the University. I meet Jess and Maria and we go to the library to check out the books we'll need this year. We take them to make copies. The photocopy guy tells us that he'll have them in a couple days, and we thank him before going out. "Hey, do you want to have a coffee before going home?" asks Jess, and Maria and I agree. We go to one of the bars in front of the University's building and, closing our coats, we choose to sit outside and enjoy the sun that shines despite the cold weather. The small city of Segovia is in the Sierra of Navacerrada, forty five minutes away from Madrid, and being right at the foot of the mountain the winters are long and cold. But in the last few years the winter has started later, allowing a smoother change from the hot, dry summer to the cold, snowy winter, all thanks to global warming, of course. So already in October, we have to take advantage of the few sunny days that we have left until the sky becomes overcast. Coffee turns into a Coke with a pincho of tortilla. "I can almost hear my mother telling me that I won't eat lunch if I have this now," says Maria before she takes her slice of bread with a piece of tortilla de patata on top. Jess and I smile knowingly, because we could totally remember our mothers saying things like that. I could remember my father too - he would sneak a snack to me and then my mother would scold us both. I come out of my bittersweet memories by someone calling my name. I look up and see Edward, the new Erasmus student. "Hey, Edward. Are you out of class already?" I ask him in English. "I wish," he answers with a smile. "I have a class in fifteen minutes, and I've come for a coffee." "Do you want to sit with us? They are my friends, Maria and Jessica," I introduce my friends. The three of them say their hellos, and he grabs a chair and sits at our table. "Do you speak English?" he asks my friends. "Yes," says Maria. We have gone together to English courses since we were little girls. "Mmmm, just a bit," answers Jessica in English, changing quickly to Spanish. "But I'm not very good at it. ¿Tú hablas español? " " Solo