Tittle of story: Enchantment Under the Lake Story summary: Edward and his camera crew are hired to film an underwater city, and they meet Bella and her sisters there. Soon, they'll be having the magical experience of their lives. Pairing: Edward/Bella, Emmett/Rosalie, Jasper/Alice Rating: M Word Count: 12,871. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Enchantment Under the Lake The boat named Sirena (Mermaid) is already waiting for us at Lake Atitlán's shore and though we were loading the equipment and baggage on the swinging boat, we don't really know too much about this new job. Anyway, we took a few moments to admire the natural beauty, in front of us. Wow. Nothing could have prepared me for this sight: amazing blue water surrounded by three dormant volcanoes. "Hey, there you are," says a tall man approaching us and stretching out his hand. His blond hair shines under the midday sun, and he's wearing a loose shirt and too many colorful scarves. I wonder how he can stand being in the hot climate. "Just in time. My name is James Valdez, the director of the documentary you're going to film, and I guess you are Edward Cullen, Scuba-Cullen's first cameraman." I hesitate two seconds to take his hand in mine. "Yes, sir, that's me. Please, let me introduce you to my team. This is my brother and second cameraman, Emmett Cullen, and this is my friend and first aid assistant, Jasper Hale." " Enchanté, mes amis " James replies, shaking their hands and raking his gaze over Emmett's body. "I'm delighted to finally meet you. Um, are you ready? Is all your equipment on the boat yet?" "Yes, sir," Jasper answers "Is it very far to where we're going?" "No, my dear, not too far." Putting his sunglasses on, James continues. "Why don't we get aboard, and meanwhile, I can inform you about the job details." And turning to the Sirena's young pilot, he shouts in Spanish. " Vámonos, Ludovico. Rápido que se nos hace tarde!" (Let's go, Ludovico. Faster, it's getting late) So we get comfortable on the boat and give a glance to the enchanting lake that, for two weeks, will be our working place. James sits down in front of us, crosses his leg and starts talking. "Welcome to Guatemala, my dear friends. This is my magical country. Guatemala is known as the Land of Eternal Spring. Warm climate, nice people, tons of natural beauties, and here, the ancient Mayan culture decided to bloom. Guatemala conjures up the exotic and the natural: past and present Mayan cultures, volcanoes, Mayan ruins, lakes …" "Yeah, Mr. V, we've seen some of what you're describing," Emmett interrupted brusquely. "But, tell us about our job here." "Ah, eager to know, young padawan," James says licking his lips. "Um, yes, as I was saying before, researchers and travelers alike are drawn to Guatemala's beauty and diversity. And one of the most recent and fascinating finds at Lake Atitlán is the submerged city known as Samabaj, the Mayan Atlantis, kind of …" "Are you telling us there's a city under this lake?" Jasper asks with all the uncertainty mirrored in his eyes. "Of course, my blond first aid assistant," James confirms, and I just have to admire his good memory and genius, under the hat and scarves. "Let me elaborate, darlings. Samabaj was a sacred pilgrimage site located on an island on the lake, and it was lost when the lake waters rose, for reasons still unknown to archaeologists." It's my time to interrupt. "Have there been some underwater filming expeditions before?" "Only amateurs, not professionals." James replies, breathing deeply. "That's your task. Samabaj was discovered in 1996 by a local diver. It was submerged around 250 A.D. Hence, our job, gentlemen, is to make a documentary about Samabaj for National Geographic. And I'll add some interviews with the archaeologists and local Mayans who know about the legends." "Wow," Emmett says. "This is gonna be awesome, dudes! When are we gonna start?" Putting his hand on Emmett's knee, James answers, "Take it easy, amigo. Um, now we're going to a little town on the other side of the lake, called Santiago Atitlán. There in Santiago is located our camp base. Today, you're going to settle in, relax, eat, and sleep, and tomorrow, we'll have a meeting with the lead archaeologist and …" "Can we take a dive to the submerged city this afternoon?" Emmett interrupts James again. Jasper agrees. "Yes, that would be awesome; you know Mr. V, to get used to the location and …" "NO WAY." James shouts like a mad man, losing his manners. "For God's sake, my young fellows, first things first. There are some rules I have to tell you first of all. Er, excuse me a moment, please" And turning his body to the boat's pilot, he start to yell, "Ay, pero qué jodidos estás haciendo, Ludovico? No vayas tan rápido, cabrón, ya pareces un loco que va a cobrar herencia!" ("Ay, what the fuck are you doing, Ludovico? Don't go too fast, asshole; you seem like a crazy man going to retrieve some inheritance!" We all crack up. It's hilarious to see dashing and distinguished James losing his shit. But he gives us an evil glance, and our laughter dies. "As I was saying, we can't do anything under the lake after three o'clock in the afternoon." "Why?" the three of us ask. He answers, "Because there's a strange phenomenon at the lake, called The Xocomil. That happens when the warm winds coming from the south encounter the cold winds coming from the highlands. When they mix together, they result in a water movement which generates strong waves." "Cool, man," Jasper shouts, unable to hide his emotion. "This is gonna be a real challenge!" "Is this Xocomil thing really dangerous, Mr. Valdez?" I ask, looking from Jasper to James. "I have to tell you, we have worked on real …" "Ah, my naïve friends," James replies. "Don't take this for granted. If the waves outside the water are strong, underwater will be a whirlwind of demonic proportions! And, please call me James." "Demonic?" Emmett chides. "Ah, come on, give me a break, J. No Xoco-shit or whatever freaking underwater whirlwind meant a real danger for our team." James exhales. "Ah, my presumptuous Emmett, this is the real shit. Here, at Lake Atitlán, nobody is such an idiot to go and sail when the Xocomil is active. So many people have died, no matter how skilled they were." "We believe you, James." It's my time to take the leadership. "Don't worry. We can all be professionals with the challenges and deal with them. Thank you for giving us this opportunity, and we're looking forward to a great time working together." We arrive at our destination at noon, and James leads us to our inn, ' El Cisne Negro' (The Black Swan). Santiago is a little town full of color, art galleries, and superstitious people. James tells us that 90 percent of the population are the Kaqchiquels, indigenous Mayan people of western Guatemala. Inside the inn, we met the hostess, an American woman called Renée Cisneros. She shows us our rooms and orders our lunch. While we eat, she says that if we need Spanish translators, her daughters could help us. She's a kind lady and tells us she was born in Phoenix and came to Guatemala, many years ago, as a missionary. She fell in love with Carlos Cisneros, the chief policeman of Santiago and married him. Their daughters were born here, and when he died, they returned to live in Phoenix, but they missed Santiago, so they came back and opened the inn. She seems a bit sad. In the afternoon, we met people from National Geographic. James made the introductions, as enthusiastic as he always is. We made plans for tomorrow morning, and at seven o'clock, we go to drink a beer on the solitary shore. We can see that the lake's waters have become unsettled and choppy. The night is brilliant, thanks to the full moon. "Hey, look over there," Jaspers mutters. "A canoe is approaching!" "Fucking liars!" Emmett curses under his breath. "There's no real Xocomil. I knew it was bullshit!" "Hush!" I say. "If you watch carefully, the water near the canoe seems to become calm and… they're singing, listen." "They're three women." Jasper pauses before saying. "Their voices sound so good together." "Oh, yeah!" Emmett agrees. As the small canoe draws near, we were taken under the spell of their voices. Now I understand those ancient sailor's legends that tell how the mermaid's singing enchanted them. Suddenly, they're on the shore, tying the small canoe to the wooden pier. We watch and gape, speechless and dazzled. The three young ladies are slim, and their movements are delicate and graceful. They're wearing Kaqchiquel's traditional clothes and carrying some baskets with them. "Hello!" I shout. "Can we help you, ladies?" "Hey," Em calls out. "Your baskets look heavy. We could help you if you want" One of them, with long golden hair, says. "Hello. Are you the American cameramen for this Samabaj thing?" "Yes, ma'am, we are," Jaspers answers. "Oh, hello, gentlemen and welcome to Santiago," says the girl with black short hair. "We're Renée's daughters. My name is Alicia Cisneros, and this is my sister Isabella. And blondie here is our cousin Rosalie." "Rose, please," Rosalie replies. "Nice to meet you, Rose," Emmett says, showing off his dimply smile. "Hi, Alicia and Isabella," I add. "My name is Edward Cullen, and this is my big brother Emmett, and blondie here is my best friend, Jasper Hale." "We're so glad to meet you, Edward, Jasper, and Emmett." Isabella swallows and pauses before saying' "Is your offer to help us still on?" "Of course, ma'am," Jasper answers, showing off his Southern accent. "As proud members of the male genre, we're genetically programmed to assist young damsels in need." "Aww, you're so sweet!" Alice shouts and giggles. "Come with me, cute-kind-and-funny-gentleman, you're going to help me with my basket." "And may I help you with yours, Rose?" Emmett offers. "Sure thing, big man," Rose says with a wink. "Okay, Edward," Isabella says with a smile. "I guess you're stuck with me. Hope you don't mind my heavy basket. Today was market day at Sta. Catarina, and we went to buy fruits and vegetables for the inn." "Don't worry, Isabella; I'm glad to help you." "Please, Edward, call me Bella." I take a look at her beautiful face. She's a younger version of Renée, minus the eye color. She has the most incredible big, brown eyes surrounded by thick lashes. Her smooth skin is golden tan, and she has pouty red lips and long mahogany curly hair. She looks like a seductive mermaid with her intense gaze and ethereal features. When we arrive at the inn, they lead us to the kitchen, and we leave the baskets on the floor. The three girls whisper between themselves. " Qué te parecen estos chavos ?" Rose says. " Estarán bien para nuestros planes?" (What do you think about these guys? Will they be good for our plans?) Bella sighs and admonishes her. " Cállate, Rosita … que ni les conocemos todavía." (Shut up, Rosita … we don't even know them yet.) Alicia grabs Bella's arm and mumbles. " Ya cállense, babosas. No los vayamos a asustar. Y a mí el canchito me está gustando … mucho. " (Just shut up, you idiots. We don't want to frighten them. And I'm liking the blondie … a lot.) " Pero ellos serían perfectos candidatos para encajar en la profecía ," Rose adds with a sense of urgency. (But they will be perfect subjects to encase the prophesy.) " No les conocemos todavía, insisto. " Bella answers. " Pero podemos intentarlo " (We don't know them yet, I insist. But we can