Title of Story: Army Maneuvers. Story Summary: Will Bella Swan be accepted into a man's army? Will her comrades have her back when they are on foreign territory? Will she be able to survive the heat? But most of all, will she be able to resist her attraction to her Captain? Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word Count): 9397 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Army Maneuvers. When I was six, I wanted to be a princess, Charlie, my dad told me that if I wanted it enough it would happen. At six, I took that to heart, and imagined finding my prince charming sitting in a castle in some far off magical land; waiting for me. That little fantasy ended the minute I saw a beautiful ballerina on the telly, I was eight at the time, and knew I wanted to be just like her. Beautiful. Graceful, and so pretty in her tutu. Unfortunately, when Renee, my mother, took me for ballet lessons it turned out that I wasn't very graceful or beautiful when I danced. I was clumsy and uncoordinated. My pretty tutu wasn't very comfortable at all and I didn't like the little slippers they made me wear. That was the end of my ballet career. When I turned eleven, I decided I wanted to be a nurse or a doctor; I wanted to heal the world. Pretty lofty ambitions for an eleven year old, but even, then I knew I wanted to make a difference; I wanted to help people. Charlie, once again, told me that if I wanted it and I studied hard, then I could make it happen. So that's what I did; I worked my arse off at school, and made it my mission to train hard and succeed in my chosen field. When I was eighteen, I decided that I didn't want to work in a hospital, I wanted to travel, maybe help the less fortunate. So I decided to join the one organization that could give me that. I joined the Army, a move that had Charlie skitzing out. I swear the man must have turned every color of purple and red when I told him. I thought for a second that he was going to have a heart attack. He forbid it, told me I wasn't allowed to put myself in danger by going to a foreign country, and getting myself killed. I broke his heart when I told him I had already signed up and would be starting basic training at the Defence College of Healthcare and Education within the month. I enjoyed my apprenticeship work, emergency medical technician course, and my time in the ambulance on a clinical placement. I knew this was where I wanted to be; where I belonged. That was the first time I had seen my father cry. Our relationship has not been the same since. Now, I was heading for a new adventure; not a prince or tutu in sight. I was ready. I only hope it wasn't something that I would come to regret. RAF BRIZE NORTON, OXFORDSHIRE DAY 1 07:59 Taking a deep breath I enter the building. First impressions are important and I can't afford for them to see my nerves. Walking over to the desk, I gave the soldier that sat there my papers and awaited my instructions. "Private Swan?" I turn to face the voice. "Yes, Corporal." Corporal Black had just been promoted to Corporal and by the look on his face, he took the job very seriously. There was no welcoming smile. Just straight up business. "Welcome. Follow me, please. You are to be assigned to my section under Captain Masen." I follow behind him, my short legs keeping up with his much wider strides. Through the window I can see the three sections that make up the platoon I am joining; all assembling on benches for the obligatory pre-deployment platoon photograph. Walking out from the building with Black, I see there is a Hercules airplane behind them. The Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a four engine turboprop military transport aircraft, capable of using unprepared runways for takeoffs and landings. It was impressive and daunting to see up close. Corporal Black points to a group. "Swan, you are with 2 Section, double in and join them." Dropping my kit bag I immediately join the group of men, edging my way at the side, falling slightly behind a small group of men. They were all chatting together like they had known each other their whole lives. Their easy camaraderie was off-putting and I found myself shying away from their glances. Suddenly, silence descends among the group and I stand on my tiptoes to see what has their attention. I watch as a man strides towards us and stops in front of our group, he doesn't speak, but he does not have to say a word to have them braced up and totally silent. This must be Captain Masen. Looking over the group he speaks. "Can it really take you massive wankstains this long to get into your sections for a bloody picture?" I can't help but let a small smile touch my lips at his words. Wankstains. Captain Masen's eyes immediately land on me. He doesn't look happy, Bella. "What are you laughing at Medic?" "Wankstain, sir." I will the blush to stay down as everyone's eyes turn to look at me. "Look at these men Swan. Every one of them is in my charge, so if you can't cut it as our Medic and part of the team I will have no hesitation in lobbing your arse out of the plane. Do you understand?" His green eyes pierced through me and I find myself unable to look away. Tell him you understand, Bella . "Yes, sir." "For the benefit of our new medic, who are we?" He takes a step back, his eyes never leaving mine. "The Rattle Squadron, sir." I manage to stop myself from jumping as they bark their well-practiced answer in unison. His eyes continue to pierce through me. "You are the Rattle Squadron because you are babies." His eyes move over the rest of the group. "I hope you come back as men." Masen heads back to the front and takes his place with the three section Corporals; Black, Denali and Hunter, at the front of the platoon. I glance over at him, as the photograph is taken, he turns and meets my eyes briefly before looking back, eyes front. After the photo, we step down from the benches to take a five minute break. "Yo." My eyes widen as I look at the huge guy in front of me. "I love a medic me. I'm Madhead McCarty." "Cos he's sick in the head... He'll need you, poppet." I move my eyes from the huge guy to see a slim, tall, honey blonde haired man smile at me. "They call me, Smooth Criminal." "Because he's guaranteed to steal your knickers just from the sound of his voice." I turn to face the guy who has slid up from behind me making me jump slightly. He's tall and dark, his big brown eyes resemble a puppy I once had. His muscles are almost as big as McCarty's. "I'm Tyler." He thrusts his hands towards me, grabbing one of my small hands in his huge bear-like paws, he brings it up to his mouth and gently kisses it. "I look forward to working with you, love." Everyone bursts out in laughter and Smooth Criminal pushes in-between us, making Tyler take a step back. "Now Tyler , don't mislead Beauty here." He turns and stands beside me, placing his arm over my shoulder, making me slightly uneasy. "His name is Astronaut because he likes to think that he can make the ladies see stars." Oh, bollocks… What the hell am I getting myself into? I wasn't used to this. "I'm not the ladies man that Smooth here wants you to think I am, I'm a complete gentleman." Tyler or Astronaut, whatever his name is, turns his big puppy eyes on me. I couldn't help but smile at him because I bet those puppy eyes of his had managed to rid many girls of their knickers. "You got something on your chin…" One of his hands come up to wipe his chin. "Oh, it's just a bit of bullshit." The guys break out in laughter and Astronaut's face breaks out into a large smile. "I like you. I would be happy to show you the stars little Medic. Just say the words and I will take you there." He wiggles his eyebrows at me, and I become a little uncomfortable. I wasn't used to hearing this kind of talk, but I guess I needed to get used to it if I was going to make it as a soldier. "No, thank you." I need to grow a backbone, otherwise I won't make it working with these men. CAMP BASTION, AFGHANISTAN Day 2 10:06:59 We marched in full protective clothing, including helmets, behind Corporal Black. "Left right left right left. Left right left right left!" His voice bellowed around us. "Right left right left right left right left. Left right left right! Section! Halt!" We stopped. "Right turn!" Captain Masen, and who I believed to be Major Cullen, come out of a tent and approach our group as we stand in perfect order. Masen stands at the front with Corporals, Black, Denali and Hunter. "Platoon, Platoon atten-tion!" In unison, we stand to attention at the sound of Masen's instruction. Major Cullen steps forward and addresses us. "Welcome to Afghanistan. You will be here at Camp Bastion for a few days assimilation." His eyes sweep over our group. "Then, you will to be deployed on a mission. You have an excellent Captain, he's on his fourth tour of Afghanistan, so you will do well if you listen and follow his instructions to the letter. Apply yourselves and you'll have a good tour." He nods to Captain Masen and steps back behind him. Captain Masen takes a step forward. "Before you head to your tent dorm," his green eyes pause briefly on me as he looks over the group, "I'll be leading a P.T. Session at 05:30. Make sure you hydrate tonight and first thing in the morning. Any of you helmets not in top form and not giving me one hundred percent will get my new regulation combat boot up your arses. Are we clear?" "Yes, Captain, sir!" . Standing outside of the ladies tent, I look around at the vastness of the whole camp. It was huge and I had a feeling that I would be getting lost a couple of times while I was here. Walking into the tent I can see a few female soldiers are lounging around, trying to get some shut-eye, sorting kit and equipment, reading or listening to music. They seem so at ease and it does nothing to calm my growing nerves. "Hi, I'm Rose." I turn to face the beautiful blonde who has her hand out. "Bella." I shake her hand and look around uneasily. "It's bloody hot, innit?" She smiles at me making me relax slightly. "You'll get used to it. Dump your kit. That bed's free, next to mine." "Thank you." "No problem, let's get something to eat." I follow her out of the tent and head towards the food containers. Pizza Hut. KFC. I guess it was better than rations. Standing in line, I see some of the Rattle Squadron approaching. Madhead, Smooth Criminal, and the guy they call Sniper walked past me sending me friendly smiles, but Astronaut stops in front of me, his smile wide and places his hand on my shoulder. "You don't wanna be eating junk food before a Captain Masen P.T. Session! We're off to the healthy tent!" I roll my eyes, and take a