Twilight Diversity Contest Title of Story: Over Wine and Pony Story Summary: Bella and Edward have been friends since college, but Bella has always loved him as more than a friend. Edward does not appear to feel the same way, so Bella has resigned herself to being his best friend… Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Word Count (not including summary, header, or footnoted word translations): 7050 Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Checking my make up in my compact mirror, I mentally berate myself for worrying about my appearance. Sure, I'm in a trendy wine bar in the swanky Teneriffe neighbourhood I call home, but this is not a date. I keep reminding myself of this, although I know that I didn't pick out this particular outfit to impress anyone at work. The dressy shorts and off-shoulder sweater I'm wearing are not something I would usually wear to work. I did add a blazer, to be more professional, and the ankle boots on my feet are also quite business casual. As I continue to repeat this to myself, I know I'm not fooling anyone. Except perhaps for Edward. He has always remained blissfully ignorant. Edward and I met at uni. He had transferred from the University of Illinois for a year, studying architecture. On his way home from a party, he had lost his way while trying to get back to his College. Coincidentally, his College was close to mine, so I showed him home. He called me the next day, inviting me for coffee to say thanks, and we've been friends ever since. His year abroad turned into an indefinite move, as he landed an internship at a prestigious architectural firm, followed by a job offer. We both exchanged our College lodgings for grown-up apartments after graduation, and I obtained a position at the Queensland Art Gallery. Throughout these changes in our lives, our friendship remained, and I cherish it. I am the only one he has ever brought home to meet his family. Not even his longest lasting girlfriend, Vicky, had that honour. I take comfort in knowing that I hold a special position in his life. I only wish it would be more. Alas, we missed our window. My heart is still holding out hope, though. True to form, he doesn't keep me waiting long, and arrives full of unnecessary apologies. I wave them off and motion for him to sit down. "No worries, hon, you know I'm always early. Anyway, I took the liberty of ordering a Shiraz and some crisps." "Cool. Are we ordering food?" he asks, already picking up a menu. After settling on some shared platters and placing our order, we catch up on our week. We text each other regularly, but I always enjoy talking face-to-face. His facial expressions lend more insights into his stories, and I love hearing his voice. It's masculine and slightly hoarse, like rough velvet. Over the years, he has picked up a bit of an Australian accent and some of the expressions, but when he is drunk or talking to his family, his original Chicago accent comes back to the surface. It's almost like a measuring tool for his inebriation. Once he has finished telling me about the project he is currently managing, I find the courage to settle my curiosity. "Jess is okay with you hanging out with me tonight? Or did she already have plans?" He has been dating this girl Jessica for a few months now. She's a bubbly, perky receptionist at Stamford Plaza with a penchant for gossip. I don't care for her much. She's too flaky for my taste, and not someone I see Edward building a future with. Her habit of checking up on him also grates on my nerves. I try to be supportive, though. After all, I'm his best friend. He chuckles humourlessly at my question. "She's not in town, so..." At my inquisitive look, he elaborates. "She's on a trip to the Whitsundays with her friends." "Your tone tells me there's more to it than that," I say, letting him know he can open up. He sighs heavily and busies himself with a cocktail napkin, shredding it to little pieces. "She totally sprung this trip on me last minute, which tells me she didn't even take me into account," he complains. "What if I had something planned?" "That does seem rather... inconsiderate," I say diplomatically. In my mind, I am simultaneously wringing the girl's neck for being a selfish brat, and rejoicing at seeing Edward recognising this nasty trait in her. "It is, right?" he agrees. "To be honest, I wasn't even all that upset at the trip itself, just the way she told me. I was actually more relieved to be getting some distance without having to tell her." I can't contain my giggle at that, but soften that reaction by reaching out for his hand. "You needed some time alone?" I ask. "Not alone, just away from her," he amends. Before I can fully register the meaning of that, he continues. "But can we talk about something else? I don't want to be a downer. Let's go have some fun!" . As fancy as Claret House Wine Bar is, it is not exactly the place to let loose on a Friday night, so we take a taxi to Fortitude Valley. There are some bars there, and one of the interns at the Gallery mentioned that the backpacker hangout Birdees is actually a lot of fun for locals as well. It doesn't disappoint. The music is loud, the dance floor is full, and drinks are flowing. The decent prices no doubt contribute to this last part. We start with a round of shots, the alcohol burning down my throat. Edward orders us both a Coopers and then pulls me to the dance floor, where we jump around to the pounding beats. A lot of the people in here are backpackers in their early twenties, but we don't feel out of place at all. The exertion and heat make me incredibly thirsty, and I find myself drinking several bottles in quick succession. Feeling the alcohol go to my head, I make my way back to the bar and order some water. Edward does not appear to be worried about getting drunk; he declines my offer of water and orders another beer. I am not oblivious to the stares thrown Edward's way, and secretly revel in the glares aimed in my direction. He is a very attractive man, and it makes sense for women to ogle him, maybe try to make a move. The fact that he studiously ignores them, doesn't even seem to notice them, must be frustrating. Add to that the fact that he only pays attention to me, almost possessively draping himself around me, is a huge boost to my confidence. It doesn't matter that he isn't mine; as far as everyone here is concerned, we are here together and he is spoken for. I excuse myself to use the facilities, where I splash some water on my face and neck. Looking in the mirror, I see my flushed face and wide eyes. I'm still on the right side of buzzed but need to be careful, especially since Edward appears to be spiralling out of control. Resolving to stick to water and soda for the remainder of the evening, I go back inside. Edward is still at the bar, having since ordered another round of shots. I politely decline, ordering a Coke instead. He shrugs and slams back both shots before downing his beer and ordering another. He then drags me back onto the dance floor. Now, while he is no stranger to partying, this particular behaviour is quite excessive, even for him. Something must be bothering him. I look up into his eyes, trying to read his expression, but a mask is still firmly in place. Well, not so much a mask as rather inebriation, allowing him to mostly hide his true feelings. He seems determined to drown whatever troubles him in alcohol and pulsing beats. Just then, the music changes, and the sensual bass of Ginuwine's "Pony" blasts through the speakers. Edward pulls me close and starts grinding against me. His face is buried in my hair, and I feel his hot breath on my bare shoulder. A shiver runs down my spine at this intimate position, my treacherous heart telling me to seize the opportunity. I allow my body to relax in his arms, placing my hands on his shoulders. The words and the beat combine into a heady mix, guiding my moves. We are pressed together all the way down to our knees, and I can feel each of his muscles as they flex and release with his movements. I can also feel something else, pressing into my belly, and instinctively, I grind into him. He responds by pressing a hand to my lower back, holding me in place. Feeling him that intimately, coupled with his low groan, causes a rush of pleasure to shoot down to my groin. I close my eyes and lose myself in the sensation, letting my heart believe for just a moment that he is mine and his actions aren't fuelled by alcohol. Grudgingly, I'm still sober enough for reason to overrule my heart, and I eventually decide to call it a night. I pull Edward with me to the exit and call a taxi. . I give the driver Edward's address, figuring I'll make sure he gets home safe before going back to my own place. Apparently he is not completely out of it, because he suddenly grabs my arm. "I don't want to go home," he whispers urgently. "Babe, you need to sleep it off," I try to reason with him. "Can't I come with you?" he asks, his green eyes pleading. "I don't want to be alone, and my place is full of her stuff." His pout is so adorable; I want to kiss it. Barely managing to control the urge, I ask him to explain his previous statement instead. "I'm so sick of it! She just waltzes all over my life. Even now, she's away on a trip, but she keeps on texting me to check where I am and what I'm doing. Why do you think I turned off my phone? And now suddenly my place is filled with her stuff, and she didn't even ask me! It's like she just decided to move herself in. And she's messy!" he complains. In the rear-view mirror, I see the driver unsuccessfully trying to stifle his laughter at this drunken, slurred outburst. Edward looks absolutely miserable at the prospect of having to go home, so I give the driver my address. "All right, hon. You can crash at my place." He launches himself at me, crushing me to his chest. "Thank you!" After a few moments, he slumps back into his seat. He is more asleep than awake for the remainder of the ride. I pay the driver when we get to my apartment and nudge Edward awake. He manages to climb out of the taxi and make his way up to my door without any incidents. That short nap must have taken the edge off. I guide him to the couch before ducking into my kitchen to make some tea. I could use it to settle my frazzled nerves at the snippets Edward has shared this evening. And he definitely needs it to rehydrate and water down the alcohol in his blood. Once I have two steaming mugs ready, I join him on the couch. "So what's going on with you and Jess that has you this worked up?" I hedge. He makes a face at the mention of her name, causing hope to blossom in my heart. "I see now why you don't like her," he tells me. Before I can argue that