~disclaimer~ I do not own harry potter I am not jkr. I originally started writing this fic two years ago before any information was released about James' parents. I will not be changing anything in my story to match that canon as this is fanfiction and I can do as I want with it. If it bothers you that their names are not going to be Euphemia and Fleamont Potter, I suggest you hit that handy back button. Thank you for your time and I hope you enjoy my fic. I will be posting new chapters every week until I run out and then it will be whenever I finish writing them. If you enjoy this please leave a review, thanks! Meeting Your Maker Prologue Harry didn't know what he was doing. Breaking into the Ministry of Magic unnoticed when you're The Boy Who Lived isn't an easy feat, even if breaking into the Ministry was probably easier than it should be, given the amount of information stored there. Hermione would be horrified if she found out. Not that he's planning on letting her find out. Whatever the Prophet might say, he was not an idiot. Well. Considering the reason he was at the Ministry, maybe he was. It was two weeks ago when they held the funeral for all those who had died in the war against Voldemort. Having to listen as people spoke, and having to speak himself, about all those who died... It was like watching them fall all over again. It was then Harry decided he needed to change it. There were so many people who didn't deserve to die in this war. Remus, Tonks, Fred, Colin, Ted Tonks, Mad-Eye, and countless of others. So he came up with a plan involving complicated potions, breaking into high security areas, and various other illegal actions. The complicated potions bit had to be the hardest part, because he couldn't ask Hermione. She'd either tell him everything wrong with his plan and want her and Ron to come with him. He couldn't let her do that. With this plan... he wasn't planning on coming back. He couldn't do that to them. Ron and Hermione had a future here. Harry couldn't take that away from them. Ron was an Auror, Hermione on her way to being the youngest Department Head in centuries. He just couldn't ask this of them. That is why he came to the Ministry when he was sure they were off work, so he wouldn't run into them. "Harry!" Apparently not sure enough. Turning slowly, so as not to make the potions vials in his pocket clink, Harry forced a smile on his face. "Ron! Hermione! Fancy see you here. I thought you got off early on Fridays?" Harry glanced quickly between his two best friends, taking in the fact that they were not at all fooled by the smile. Or his question. "What are you doing here, Harry?" Hermione asked, not beating around the bush. "I um..." Harry glanced at Ron for help, but Ron looked just as suspicious as Hermione. "I, uh, had a meeting with the Minister! Yes, I have a meeting with Kingsley." If anything, Hermione's suspicion grew. "Then why are you skulking around the Experimental Potions department? The Minister's office is two floors away." She exchanged a concerned look with Ron. "Harry, what is going on? You've been holed up in Grimmuald for two weeks, ever since the funeral. We've been really worried about you." Harry looked to the floor and shuffled his feet, attempting to come up with an adequate excuse. "Well-" "Don't you dare lie to me, Harry James Potter. No matter how worried I am, I will still hex you." Harry sighed in defeat. She would know if he was lying, and wasn't bluffing about hexing him. "Okay. I was researching the potion Voldemort used to give himself a body-" "Harry." "Fine. I was stealing a de-aging potion. Happy?" Harry looked from Hermione, who looked even more concerned, and more than a little angry, to Ron, who looked like he was about to laugh or cry. It was laugh. Ron clutched his stomach as he exploded into laughter, bent double and nearly crying. "S-s-sorry, it is just so ridiculous. Why would you want to de-age yourself? You were an awkward kid, Harry, no offence, but it's true." Harry just kind of looked at him till his laughter subsided. "I'm going back in time." Any trace of laughter vanished from Ron's face. "Uh, alright. Then what, mate?" "And then what? Ronald Weasley, what is wrong with you?" Hermione practically shrieked. Both boys winced. "Um, guys, can we maybe take this somewhere more private?" Harry asked, glancing cautiously around. Hermione looked at him, her eyes full of fire, before grabbing their arms and dragging them a floor up to the Department For The Regulation And Control Of Magical Creatures, where her office was located. Well. It was an office in the loosest sense of the word. It was a cubicle. A rather small cubicle at that. She bodily threw Ron and Harry in, following after them and throwing up privacy wards. "What do you mean, you're going back in time?" Hermione demanded. "Well, generally, when someone says they are going back in time, that is exactly what they mean." Harry leaned against the cubicles wall and crossed his arms, preparing to defend himself. "And when were you going to tell us?" Harry and Hermione looked over at Ron, who had sat backwards in Hermione's swivel chair with his chin propped on his arms. "What? Its a fair question." Ron looked between the other two, and Hermione turned back to Harry, the question clear on her face. "I wasn't. I didn't want to ruin your lives with my hero complex." Harry dropped his arms and looked anywhere but at the two people in front of him. "Oh, Harry. You could never ruin our lives." Hermione threw herself at Harry and wrapped her arms around him, Ron following a moment after. "Hermione, I'm sorry I didn't tell you before. I just figured you'd want to stay here. Get on with your life. Not waste it fighting the same dark wizard over again." Harry mumbled into Hermione's shoulder. Ron cleared his throat, and Harry laughed. "You too, Ron. I should've told you both as soon as I thought of it." "You're damn right you should have. Now, why do you need a de-aging potion to travel in time?" Ron asked, releasing them both and moving back to the chair. "Well, I was planning on going back around their fifth year, and so I'd need to be a few years younger to be able to fit in with them. I certainly wouldn't trust an eighteen year old trying to be my friend when we were fifteen." Ron and Hermione exchanged looks. "What do you mean by their fifth year, Harry? Don't you mean ours?" Hermione looked confused, while Ron had a look of dawning realization. "Mate, no. You can't be serious." Harry looked at his best friend and smiled for the first time in what seemed like years. "No, Ron. He will be." Ron struggled to remain stoic has he held back his laughter. That would only encourage him. "He will be? Harry, what are you going on abo-" Hermione cut off as she gasped. "No! Harry! That is over twenty years! There is no way you'd be able to find something to send you back that far!" "Listen to Hermione, mate. She studied these things." Ron nodded in agreement with his own words, making Hermione roll her eyes. "Honestly, Ronald." She shook her head. "Harry-" "Look Hermione, I know it is dangerous, I actually did do my research," Here he threw a pointed look at Ron which was ignored. "I know it is likely to get me killed, but what hasn't been? Things have been trying to kill me since I was one year old. You can't honestly expect that just because Voldemort is gone means I am going to be completely safe. He still has followers out there who will not rest until I am six feet under." Harry jumped up to sit on Hermione's desk, and fiddled with his wand. "At least if I go back, I'll have a family to fight for. I won't be alone." "Oh, Harry!" Hermione once again launched herself at Harry. "You aren't alone. We, Ron and I, the other Weasleys, Andromeda and Teddy, we are your family. We wouldn't let anything happen to you." "I know, 'Mione. You guys are my family. In everything but blood." Here he looked skeptical. "Okay, maybe a little in blood. We have bled together a lot." Ron laughed and joined the hug. "I know you are my family. But... I just need the people who made me. Who were robbed of the chance to raise me. My parents. Sirius. Remus. I need to know them." Harry pulled back to look at Hermione's tear stained face and Ron's somber one. "You understand, don't you?" "'Course, mate. That's why we're coming with you." Ron said, and Hermione nodded vigorously. "No. Absolutely not." Harry looked between his two best friends and recognized the determination there. They were not going to give up. Harry sighed. "Fine. But that means we have to get more potion." Ron grinned and Hermione tightened her arms around him. "Of course. We'll never leave you, Harry." As it turned out, breaking into the experimental potions department of the Ministry twice in the same day is not a smart idea. They were very much on guard. Good thing they were Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger, the saviors of the Wizarding World. Otherwise people might've thought they were up to something. "It's Harry Potter!" "I told you we should've come under the cloak." Harry muttered to Hermione right before he was surrounded. Even though everyone knew Ron and Hermione had a key part in taking down Voldemort, most people still flocked Harry first since he was the one who cast the actual spell that killed him. (Actually false, he only disarmed him, but the world believes what the world believes.) Since this was the case, Ron and Hermione had the opportunity to slip away unnoticed. They had planned for this. Unfortunately. "So, Harry." The girl in front of him fluttered her eyelashes and smiled with a small pucker of her lips. He vaguely recognized her as being a few years ahead of him at Hogwarts. A Ravenclaw, maybe? "I was thinking, at the start of the summer, you had this really long hair. And you looked incredibly hot." Harry was taken aback. "What?" "I think you should grow it out again." The girl was nodding, as were the people surrounding her. "Yeah Harry." Ron said as he and Hermione walked back up to him, Hermione slipping something into her pocket. "You should grow it out again." Ron snickered and Hermione managed a small smile. Rolling his eyes, Harry turned back to the girl. "Sure. Why not. I will grow my hair out, just for you." He looked the girl straight in the eye and said the words with the straightest face he could muster. The girls cheeks reddened, and she squeaked. Harry smiled. "Alright. See you around then." Hermione, Ron, and Harry all turned on their heels and walked out of the experimental potions department. Once they were out, they headed straight for the lifts. "So... Department of Mysteries?" Hermione asked hesitantly. They both looked to Harry, who had had the worst experience down there by far. He took a deep breath. "Department of Mysteries." Hermione nodded and jammed the button for that floor and the golden grills clanged shut. As the lift descended, Harry couldn't help but remember the last time he had been down in the Department of Mysteries and everything that transpired from that night. Sirius. The Prophecy. Death Eaters. Sirius. Bellatrix. Voldemort. Dumbledore. Sirius. Prophecy.