A/N: I finally decided to post this story, even if it isn't finished yet. I planned it out to be seven or eight chapter, I'm not really sure yet. I also don't know how regularly I will update, I'll try to update every two weeks. I hope you enjoy this and I don't own anything. Please leave a review if you can. Chapter 1 "You seriously didn't call him?" Hailey asked with a giggle. She's my best friend. Black hair, brown eyes and dark skin. She is entirely mental of course, but I still love her. We became friends on the first day of college when she couldn't find her first class. She, like me, is also a lawyer. "No! Hailey you've met the guy, he's a tool!" Melissa, another friend said. Her current dilemma was about a guy. Again. She likes him, but he has a crappy personality. No surprise there. Personally I think she really goes out of her way to find an asshole to date. "Well yeah, but he can be good for other… stuff." She said and we all laughed again. We also have the twins, Katherine and Kayla. Even though they're twins they couldn't be more different from each other. Polar opposites would be the most correct term. "You're so gross! I'm gonna go get another round of shots so we can continue to celebrate our new adult life." I said and was applauded by my friends. I took a bow and made my way to the bar laughing. It's Friday night and everybody is out to have fun, but what do you expect in the city of Chicago. We all graduated today and to say it was the happiest day of our lives would be an understatement. "Hey Ryan, another round of shots please." I said to the bartender, squeezing my way between two customers. He owns the bar and he knows us all by name. I looked back at the group when another round of laughter was heard. A few of the other patriots stared at them before turning back to their own conversations. Standing here now I realized how loud we must be. Well I guess tonight it doesn't really matter, does it? We are finally done with all the studying and life is gonna be good now, I can just feel it. "I will pay for the round of shots if I can buy you a drink." A British voice said, interrupting my line of thought. I turned my head in his direction and almost forgot to breathe. He was breathtakingly beautiful, an Olympian god. There are no other words to describe him. Brown/blonde hair that looks disheveled. His skin is as pale as ash, but I can't be sure in this lighting and he had red eyes? The alcohol must be getting to me. "Uh sure, why not?" I said and he smiled. Wow his smile. My insides feel like jelly. "I'm Demetri by the way." He said and I smiled. "Well Demetri, since your paying," I said and turned towards Ryan. "Make it two rounds." I said with a wink. He smiled and continued filling up glasses. My luck today is completely awesome! First graduating, then meeting a hot guy, plus he's buying us drinks! Bonus. "Please add four more to my tab mate." Demetri said with a smirk. Ryan placed four shot glasses in front of us and Demetri grabbed one. "To meeting new people." He said. I grabbed the first glass and drank before putting the glass down. "You never did tell me your name." He said grabbing the last shot. "No, I did not." I said and drowned the second one. That one burned. "Thanks for the shots, it was really nice meeting you." I said and turned towards our table. The shots were already there and Hailey was turned towards me, waiting. Oh boy, here comes the Hailey inquisition. "Well?" she asked the enthusiasm clear in her voice. "Well what?" I asked innocently. Oh how I loved teasing her. "Well did you get his number?" She almost screamed next to me. "You know I don't ask for numbers Hailey." I said and she glared at me. "Did he get yours then?" she asked again and I shook my head. "He's hot! What is wrong with you?" She asked from next to me with her hands thrown in the air and I smiled. "Relax! He'll be here when we leave." I said and she laughed. "You little minx!" She said bumping my shoulder and laughed again. The rest of the night passed with girl chatter and me frequently staring at the bar. Demetri had his back to me, but he would look behind him every now and then. By now the bar was almost completely deserted and Ryan had already yelled for last call. He was busy calling cabs for the few customers that wouldn't make it out the door, let alone home. He did this every night and I just loved him for it. "Okay, I think we should call it a night! It's almost closing time anyway." Melissa said looking at her watch and I nodded. We all stood up and hugged goodbye until it was only me and Hailey left. "You gonna go talk to him now?" she asked with a raised eyebrow and I nodded. "Well then, I guess I'm leaving without you." She said with a smile. "I'll talk to you tomorrow, I promise." I said as we hugged again. She gave a small wave and disappeared out the door. It was almost twelve, but I wasn't tired yet. "You still drinking alone?" I asked him as I slipped into the empty stool beside him. "It was either that or go home." He said with a glass of what looked like scotch in his hand. "And where would that be exactly? It doesn't sound like you're from here." I stated. "That would be correct. I am from London, England. Here on a business trip that could possibly make my career." He said still looking in front of him. "Well what is your profession?" I asked and he chuckled. "You know love, I usually don't give out this type of information to strangers." He said turning to me for the first time, our legs brushing against each other. "What do I get if I give you my name?" I asked and he chuckled again. "Another drink and the pleasure of being in my company sweetheart." He said and I laughed. He's certainly not shy. "Who said I wanted to be in your company?" I asked and he leaned towards me, stopping with only a few inches separating his lips from my ear. "You wouldn't be sitting here if you didn't." He whispered and I blushed. "Point well made. My name is Elana, Elana Smith." I said and he smiled. "A pretty name for a beautiful girl." He said and I blushed again. He's also very good with words it seems. Maybe it's a British thing. "So, what is it that you do Demetri?" I asked resting my elbow on the bar, with my head resting in my hand. My head is feeling really fuzzy and he is super-hot. I hope this is not like one of those times that alcohol makes the guy hotter. "I control the finances of a very big company in Italy. What do you do for a living?" He asked, finishing his drink. "Besides hanging out at the same bar every Friday night? I graduated today, so you are now looking at the best lawyer that will ever live." I said with a big smile and he chuckled. I felt proud of myself and couldn't help my smile stretching over half of my face. "Congratulations, I'm sure you're glad it's over?" He asked turning to me fully. His black Henley clinging to him and showing off his obviously well built body. "About the studying and no sleep yeah sure, but I'll miss the parties and hanging out with my friends. I'm afraid that since we all have to start working now, we'll grow apart." I said somewhat concerned. All of us have been together for four years and now suddenly all of us are going our separate ways. "Well if it's any consolation, remembering what I saw tonight, I'm sure that will not happen." He said with a small smile. Our moment was broken when Ryan said we had to leave. Sometimes the closing time with this bar really sucks. I grabbed my coat next to me and made my way over to the door with Demetri. He pulled on his grey jacket and opened the door for me. Who said chivalry was dead? Once outside he took my coat from me and helped me into it. Thank you for the drinks and your company, I had fun." I said with a smile, pulling my hair out from underneath my coat. "Anytime love. Not to be forward or anything, but do you want to go get a coffee?" He said and for a moment I thought I saw a sliver of uncertainty in his eyes. It was weird, seeing him unsure of something. All night so far he has been confidant about himself and now, when he is asking me for coffee, he gets nervous? "Sure, Starbucks is just two blocks from here." I said and he gave me a megawatt smile. Looking down I started walking and heard him fall into step next to me. "Have you ever been to Chicago before?" I asked looking up at him walking beside me. "A few times actually, I've traveled quite a lot." He said as he grabbed my elbow to make way for a group of drunken what looked like teenagers. "Thanks. Do you enjoy coming here or would you rather prefer another city?" I asked as we turned a corner. "I love London, if I could move back I would in a heartbeat. But I don't think that will happen anytime soon. And as for Chicago, if I didn't enjoy it before, I certainly do now." He said glancing down at me. I blamed the cold for my red cheeks and definitely not the blush from his words. "I think you should move back to London if you really want to. I grew up in DC, but I love Chicago more. My parents are here and my best friend. I couldn't leave even if I wanted to; she would drag me back here by my hair." I said and he let out a laugh, it was a nice sound. "It's not that easy, my life is in Italy now. Like you, my best friend is also there and my boss will kill me if I decided to leave." He said and this time I laughed. "I'm sure he can find another whatever it is that you are." I said and he chuckled. We finally made it to Starbucks and he held the door open for me. It was much warmer inside the shop than outside and for that I was grateful. "You can go grab a seat and I'll order coffee, be right back sweetheart." He said and made his way to the counter where a very sleepy employee sat. I chose a booth near the door and made myself comfortable. Sitting still I could feel the effects of sleepiness starting to affect me. I was so gonna have a hangover tomorrow. "You look tired, are you sure you don't want to rather head home?" I heard Demetri's voice from in front of me and my eyes snapped open. "No! I'm fine really. After coffee I'll go home and sleep." I said and he nodded. "Why did you want to become a lawyer?" he asked and I sat forward a bit. "Well I want to help innocent people. Many people go to jail for something they didn't do because they had a layer who didn't have the time