A/N- I have fallen in love with Jasper/Bella fics... I am officially converted to this pairing. This story has been on my mind for quite some time and I hope that you all like it. There will be swearing, lots of violence and lemons in the future. For now I will rate it T... when the sex comes, depending on how graphic I make it I will change the rating accordingly. Please give me some feedback... good, bad, ugly.... whatever. Thanks! -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- October 27, 1927 "Where is this shipment headed, Miss Jameson?" My eyes flew to the tall, bulky man in front of me. His dark hair was slicked back with copious amounts of grease adding to his overall appearance of a slippery criminal. Johnny McCormick really did look the part of a gangster bootlegger. His brown eyes turned curious, waiting for my response. "Tallahassee and San Antonio. The next shipment is headed for Houma, Louisiana and Montgomery, Alabama. That will help keep Mr. Daniels territory afloat for a bit." I replied. My territory actually. Mr. Daniels didn't exist, but he served the purpose of my elusive lover, the man behind the running of liquor to the southern states. Using my fictitious beau, I am able to run my operation with few questions from the thugs and gangsters that are using Prohibition to fill their piggy banks. Johnny nodded his head in understanding as he walked towards the Mexican dock workers that were unloading the goods. I watched as crate after crate of booze was brought towards the waiting trucks, each crate wedged between bales of hay to throw off the cops that were trying in vain to uphold the 18th Amendment. Just the thought of that damn Amendment made me angry. I glanced down at my calf-length black beaded dress. I looked like the quintessential flapper, with low heels, a long layered pearl necklace and bracelets dangling from my wrists. My large brown eyes were lined with kohl and my lips were painted red making my pale skin stand out. This was also part of my facade. I was not a party girl only intent on dancing and drinking in a shady speakeasy. I hated dressing like my air-headed peers, but like Mr. Daniels, the illusion I presented to my cohorts helped me do what I needed to do. My men had just finished packing the last of the hooch into the dusty trucks, and began to gather near Johnny for orders. I walked briskly to the group and tried to look demure, while I was really analyzing the crew. There were eight men besides Johnny. Two men to a truck, and two trucks to each destination. Johnny told the men where the stops were going to be while I eyed each man in turn. Each had a hungry, hard look about them. I could see the outline of a handgun tucked into the waistband of their trousers on each of them. A few even sported Tommy guns, slung over their shoulders. They eyed me back, leering slightly. They never dared approach me, for fear that the boss man, Mr. Daniels would hear that I had been messed with and retaliate. I helped rumors circulate of the last man that dared touch me inappropriately; he was never heard from again. In truth, I had handled that man on my own, using the small handgun that I kept under my dress (with the help of a couple garters), I had shot him once on each of his thighs. He survived but I never saw him again. "Oh Boys? Mr. Daniel's wanted me to remind you all to be careful. Also, he wanted me to warn you that any skimming off the top of the take would be severely punished. Trust me when I say, he will know if you try any of that shady business." I said to my men, watching their expressions closely. I could see a few of them shift almost imperceptibly. I had a knack for knowing what was going on beneath the surface of the people around me. I pretended I hadn't seen a thing and flashed them all a quick, flirty smile. I raised my cigarette to my lips and took a drag, exhaling with my lips in a pucker, drawing their eyes to my mouth. I winked and flounced away from the group. I made a mental note of the men who I now knew were stealing money from me, intent on devising a plan of attack to trap them and set them on the straight and narrow again. Leroy, Stan and Donny were going to have to watch themselves. Johnny gave the last few orders and began to follow me to our car. He was my right hand man, though he didn't know I was the head of this operation. He trusted my orders and words because he thought they were supplied to me by Mr. Daniels. He was smart and he protected me, but he never delved too deep into my affairs. His paycheck depended on his unquestioning loyalty. I really did like him as a friend and I hated to lie to him, but he was first and foremost a criminal and I knew that if he smelled weakness, there would be an attempt at a takeover. I could not allow that. My reasons for running liquor were not like the others. Greed does not drive me to do what I'm doing. "Ready to head back to Reynosa for the night, Freya?" Johnny asked me as he got in the car and started the engine. I nodded. Reynosa, Mexico was essentially my base of operations; we rented an old villa that housed my men when they weren't out doing deliveries. It's a large one story house that sat on an acre of land, away from the rest of the small town. There were six rooms, varying in size, four for my men and two for me. One of my rooms was used as my office and as a meeting room to discuss tactics or problems that were encountered on the runs. It's also where the money was counted and divvied up to my men. My take was always quickly taken to the bank to be wired to my accounts and from there it would go to its proper locations. The ride back was quiet as usual, Johnny wasn't much of a talker and neither was I. The road stretched out in front of us, dark and desolate. My thoughts quickly turned to what had led to me this point in my life. It was all so complicated, yet so resoundingly simple. I was born Isabella Marie Swan on September 13, 1908. My family consisted of my father Charles Swan and my mother Renee Swan. We had loved each other fiercely and were tight-knit in the beginning. My father was the police chief of Houston, Texas. He was fair, steady and did his job well. So well in fact that he was pursued to run for governor of Texas shortly after I had turned 7. He was hesitant to run at first, but eventually he was swayed by the overwhelming support he received from our city. He ran and won. At first he was the same as he had always been, level-headed and firm. It began slowly, the transition from my dad to the man I came to refer to as Governor. He began to stay at the Capital more often, getting more and more involved with the dirty side of politics. He was never outright crooked, but he became more pliable to persuasion on bills and legislation that he would normally disagree with. My mother remained consistent in my life. She never changed her kind, generous, and eccentric ways. In fact, as our wealth increased dramatically, so did her philanthropy. She worked with the poor and volunteered at hospitals, always trying to brighten the lives of others. She loved my father and never once did that love seem to lessen as he changed. She accepted him, growing faults and all. All too soon for me she was taken from this world. The doctors couldn't identify what was causing her sudden illness, and it wore her down in a span of six months. I was 12 and my only source of love and comfort was ripped away. The Governor hardly ever returned home after she passed away, staying in D.C almost year round. He had run for a senator position and won after his term as Governor came to an end. I still referred to him as Governor though. I was left to be looked after by our housekeeper, a stern and efficient woman named . She was in her late forties and never married. She ran the house and monitored my education. My private tutors taught me at home until I was seventeen. They had all been impressed with my intelligence and thirst for knowledge; I had heard them whisper the word 'genius' a few times, but I paid no mind. I was finished with my secondary education by the time I was 15 and for the next two years I was taught all they could teach me about the things they had learned while attending University. My father eventually called a halt to my education, saying that I had learned enough and now it was time to focus on entering society and finding a husband. That life was not on my agenda. I took up where my mother left off and helped the less fortunate wherever I could. When I was home I would hole up in my father's study and read books and newspapers until I was too tired to keep my eyes open. It was on one of these nights that I came across something that would change my life forever. I was walking around my father's desk, a book in one hand and cigarette in the other. I was so absorbed in my book that I had forgotten about the lit cigarette until it began to burn my fingers. My arm shot out to rid my fingers of the burning cigarette and I knocked over a picture in the process. The frame made contact with the hard wood floor and the glass shattered. I extinguished the cigarette and then bent to gather the glass pieces. As I turned the frame over and began cleaning up I saw something silver peeking out from behind the picture of my father and a few of his fellow politicians. I reached down and moved the picture aside to reveal a key. My curiosity got the best of me and grabbed the key and walked around and sat behind my fathers' desk trying to fit the key in each of the locked drawers. It didn't fit. I stood and made my way over to where my father had installed a wall safe. He hid it behind a portrait of our family before his political years. I gently lifted the frame off the nail and placed it down near my feet. I stared at the key hole and then at the key in my hand, unsure if snooping was a good idea. Finally I gave in to my desire and lifted the key to the hole. It was a perfect fit. The safe clicked and I opened it to reveal the contents. There was a large stack of crisp hundred dollar bills nestled on top of a pile of papers and letters. I had come this far I might as well continue, I had thought. I ignored the money and gathered the papers and letters in my hands and walked back to the desk to sit down and peruse them. Guilt was gnawing at me at first. I could hardly lift my eyes to read the first paper, but I managed eventually. By the end of it my guilt was replaced with confusion and I had reached for another paper and another, followed