Disclaimer: JK Rowling owns Harry Potter. AN: Another attempt at a rewrite... CHAPTER ONE LAVENDER COTTAGE A MILLION STARS scattered across a dark blanket of sky as night-time crept across the small town of Little Hartburgh. The summer air was colder than usual, the wind blowing several trees that stood beside a large lake that reflected the night sky, making the stars look as though they were alive, dancing in the ripples of water. The calmness of the water was suddenly disturbed by a small rock skimming across the water, jumping three times before sinking down to the bottom of the lake. "Oh come on!" A small cry broke the silent night. The cry came from a girl that stood beside the lake. She was rather short and had eyes that were a ceramic blue. Her bright lilac hair was long, rather messy and curly. The girl had a pale, heart-shaped face that was spattered with various freckles and acne scars. Her paleness made her look quite ghostly in her reflection of the lake. This girl's name was Phoenix Augusta Lancaster. Just like her name, she was quite extraordinary. Not because of her eccentric choice of hair, but because she was in fact a witch. She was an extremely gifted witch at that. She was a Metamorphmagus, meaning that she had the ability to change her appearance, she often experimented with different hair and eye colours. Both of which tended to shift with her emotions, she still hadn't quite got to grips with her emotions and Metamorphmagi skill just yet. Phoenix bent forward, her eyes squinting as she concentrated on the small stone that she held in her palm. She then threw the stone away from her with great force. It flew across the lake and Phoenix watched as it jumped, one, two, three, four and finally five times. A triumphant smile spread across her face and suddenly her hair changed to her natural colour of mousy brown. "Finally," she whispered, standing much straighter. She leaned her head back, allowing the cold air hit her face, the wind making her hair dance about. It was so peaceful, Phoenix thought as she walked across the path that ran around the lake. She quickly found the place she was looking for and lay her back down on the grass, her hands resting under her head as she stared up at the sky, a feeling of content filling her stomach. Phoenix was enjoying her summer so far, her elder step-brother, William, had been teaching her how to skateboard and taking her to concerts. Her step-cousin Nymphadora, who was also a Metamorphmagus, had been causing a lot of mischief with Phoenix; both witches had been changing their appearances at least five times an hour, confusing everyone in the room. But now she was looking forward to returning to her favourite place in the world, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Phoenix was about to embark on her sixth and second to last year of school and she could not wait to return. She had so far been spending her summer with her parents, her father Andrei Lancaster and her step-mother, Cecilia Black-Lancaster. Her biological mother, Jane Lancaster, had died suddenly when Phoenix was only three years old, for reasons that her father and step-mother felt it was unwise to tell her. Her step-mother and father had married nine years after her mother's death. Phoenix's step-mother was a pure-blood witch, whereas her mother had been a muggle, along with her father. This made Phoenix a muggle born, a muggle born Metamorphmagus, which in itself was extremely rare as her Head of House had told her countless times. Her father always told her that when she was born, her hair colour had changed so frequently in the hours after her birth that he and her mother had simply thought she was going mad. So on that fateful day when a fully grown witch, who was Phoenix's transfiguration teacher, Professor McGonagall, had turned up on their doorstep and informed Phoenix and her parents that she would be attending Hogwarts School; it had no less surprised her father, who had already been putting Phoenix into contact with the best secondary schools in the area, and delighted her step-mother to the point of tears. Phoenix loved being a witch, in fact at school she always received top marks in every single one of her lessons and never failed to receive praise from the teachers about how she was one of the brightest students they had the pleasure to teach. This usually caused Phoenix's cheeks to burn a bright red and her two best friends, Fred and George Weasley, to snigger beside her and imitate Phoenix fighting somebody to the death and her winning triumphantly. Fred and George were just one of the reasons why she loved being a witch so much. They were twins; both had flaming red hair, brown eyes and freckles. They are were pair of notorious troublemakers and pranksters, their frequent escapades and shenanigans got them into plenty of trouble and kept Phoenix's life on a constant move. Fred and George openly gloated about Argus Filch, the school's caretaker, having an entire file drawer devoted to their rule-breaking. They thought of it as a kind of shrine to their wrong-doings. Phoenix and the twins had been best friends since their first journey on the Hogwarts Express. Phoenix had been sitting all by herself in a compartment when the two boys came in; giggling madly about setting dungbombs in their older brother, Percy's compartment and Phoenix had scolded them for being irresponsible before school had even started, but then subsided into fits of laughter when Percy had come storming into the compartment that she and the twins were in, shrieking as loud as a Banshee. Ever since that day she had been on a constant rollercoaster with the Weasley twins and their shenanigans, trying desperately to make sure they kept in line while trying also to not egg them on to do things like hex any Slytherins who gave them trouble and make Percy run circles around them. She even sometimes went along with some of their rule breaking, including sneaking into the school's kitchens in the dead of night and getting the house elves to make them hot chocolate. She smiled up at the stars as she thought about the twins; they had invited to come along to the Quidditch World Cup along with the rest of the Weasley family and the twins brother, Ron, friends, Hermione Granger and Harry Potter. Quidditch was, in Phoenix's opinion, the best sport in the world. She was a chaser on the Gryffindor Quidditch Team, along with Angelina Johnson and Alicia Spinnet. Fred and George were also on the team and were beaters, their seeker was Harry and their keeper had been Oliver Wood, until he had left at the end of last year. Phoenix could not wait for the World Cup and she could not wait to spend the remainder of her summer at the Weasley's home, the Burrow. She loved spending her summers at the Burrow. She had spent at least four weeks of her summer at the Weasley's family home since she had been twelve years old. Cecilia had too always been good friends with the Weasley's since she and Arthur worked in close proximity. Phoenix spent her time at Weasley house helping to de-gnome the garden or playing Quidditch in the small field by the house and having magnificent food cooked by Mrs. Weasley. Feeling that her arm was about to go dead, Phoenix got to her feet, her hair changing to an aqua colour blue now, and once again, she looked up to the sky to the stars winking down at her. Sunlight flooded in through the large open window, the cream coloured lace curtains billowed softly in the wind and Phoenix shivered, she was sleeping soundlessly on the king sized bed in the middle of the room, her body half covered in a bright blue blanket, her arms were dangling over the edge of her bed, her mouth lolling open as she mumbled incoherent words. On top of the bed was a large pile of crumpled up pieces of parchment and newspapers. On one of the newspapers, in large bold letters the worlds, BERTHA JORKINS: MISSING , but the article was obscured by a piece of yellowish parchment, the letter was written in emerald-green ink. A seal was at the top of the letter, bearing the Hogwarts coat of arms, a lion, an eagle, a badger and a snake, all of the surrounding a large letter 'H'. ORDINIARY WIZARDING LEVEL RESULTS Pass grades: Outstanding (O) Exceeds Expectation (E) Acceptable (A) Fail Grades: Poor (P) Dreadful (D) Troll (T) PHOENIX AUGUSTA LANCASTER HAS ACHIEVED: ANCIENT RUNES: O ASTRONOMY: E CARE OF MAGICAL CREATURES: O CHARMS: O DEFENCE AGAINST THE DARK ARTS: O DIVINATION: A HERBOLOGY: O HISTORY OF MAGIC: E MUGGLE STUDIES: O POTIONS: O TRANSFIGURATION: O Phoenix shuddered as a rather cold and strong gust of wind awoke her. She didn't want to open her eyes just yet and begin her morning routine, Merlin she was tired. Plus, she was anything but a morning person, she had always favoured the night. Even with the burning feeling of excitement in the pit of her stomach at the fact that in less than five hours she would be at the Burrow, she could still not bring herself to clamber out of bed and begin packing. "NIX!" Phoenix's elder step-brother Will yelled from outside her bedroom door, causing her to groan and pull her blanket closer around her. "YOU NEED TO PACK OR ANASTASIA WILL GO TO THE CUP INSTEAD OF YOU!" This certainly woke Phoenix up. "SHE WILL DO NO SUCH THING!" Phoenix bellowed back, jumping from her bed and yanking her bedroom door open to see her oldest brother, smiling widely down at her. Phoenix had two step-brothers, who had already left Hogwarts, they both worked for the Ministry of Magic along with her mother. Edmund, who was the oldest and six years older than Phoenix, was an 'Unspeakable' and worked in the Magic's Department of Mysteries. He never mentioned exactly what he did (and probably was not allowed to disclose any information) but Phoenix knew that he studied in the Death Chamber. Phoenix's step-mother was a member of the Misuse of Muggle Artefacts Office, along with Mr Weasley and his assistant, Perkins, which is how she and Mr. Weasley had met and become good friends. Phoenix's other step-brother William, he was five years older than Phoenix, was an Auror, a dark wizard catcher. Her father was a muggle author, he wrote fantasy and crime novels, which were all pretty interesting, Phoenix had to admit. She also had a step-sister, Anastasia who was who two years older than Phoenix and who had just left Hogwarts and was currently in training to be a Healer. Anastasia spent most of her evenings drowning on and on about various witches and wizards and their medical mishaps. "Well at least you're up Nix," Will teased, he smiled broadly down at her. Phoenix stuck out her tongue childishly in reply, she held herself back from making a comment about his ever-growing goatee. "I seemed to notice that you weren't in your room last night when I came to check if you were asleep… and the window was also open." Phoenix cursed herself for not being cleverer when it came to sneaking out. She had only taken a walk around the lake nearby their tiny family cottage, which was more commonly known to the Lancaster-Black family as Lavender Cottage. "I was just taking a walk," Phoenix shrugged, "Fresh air in my lungs. All that jazz". "You're lucky it was Ed who checked because he would have called a search party out by the Ministry for you," Will grimaced at his youngest sister, before saying darkly, "That would be far more that