CHAPTER ONE RAINA Raina Starfall did not have many needs or wishes. Actually, she had one, and one only. She wished for another mother. She would see the daughters of Jupiter and Neptune and Apollo and Minerva and even Pluto, falling in love, having friends, living normally(for a demigod, that is), and she would wish she could be like them. However, it seemed the Fates particularly disliked her. Raina Luna Starfall was not a daughter of Mercury, or Apollo, or Athena, like she would've wanted. She was the one, only, and very lonely daughter of Nyx, the goddess of night. Often, Raina was called an abomination-the mere thought of Night itself falling in love with a mortal man was almost impossible. And yet Raina existed. And she wished she didn't. It wasn't like Raina was suicidal. In fact, Raina didn't want to die quite yet. She was afraid she hadn't been noble enough in this world, and she wouldn't get Elysium, getting the Fields of Asphodel instead. She did not want to spend eternity living as a sad, lost soul in the barren fields. But still, Raina strongly disliked her rather unhappy life. She was a lonely girl. Nyx, being a primordial goddess, was extremely powerful. Her demigod children (or demigod child) were powerful, strong, and almost fearless. However, being so powerful came with a price. When Raina was born from the snow and dust of a comet and the light of a dying star, and carried down to the earth by a nightingale in a cradle of ebony, most of the Olympians were afraid her power would surpass their own children's, and she would overthrow Olympus, paving the way for her mother to take their place. And so they placed two terrible curses on the child. The first is that she would remain lonely and distant forever, for whenever she got too close to someone, he or she would die. The second, and the most terrible, was that she would die painfully and slowly before she turned seventeen. The first curse took away Raina's kindergarten best friend, her father, her best friend in Camp Jupiter(in various ways), and was slowly killing her uncle with lung cancer, before she had found out about her curses on her fifteenth birthday. The curse was cruel-she had the biggest crush on Caelius "Cal" Grace, praetor of New Rome, the son of the legendary Jason Grace and Piper McLean, who was already going out with Laelia Jackson, the daughter of (the even more legendary) Percy Jackson and Annabeth Chase. She knew it was hopeless, and that Cal would never even notice a lowly Fifth Cohort legionnaire like her, but she still couldn't suppress the admiration that rose in her chest whenever she looked at him, and then the pain that followed. And she really, really tried not to think about how she had less than a year to live, seeing as her seventeenth birthday was only five months away. It would've helped if her death could be quick and painless, but now she knew she would die in probably the worst possible way. Like from humiliation if Cal found out about her crush on him. Ha. Ha. Ha. This particular day, however, was a war games day, Raina's favorite day of the week, and she could not wait for evening. Even if most of the time she didn't win, she loved the rush of a fight, the feeling of power in her veins as she sped like a shadow across the battle field. It was also a bit more fun this year-she was finally made a centurion, even if the other one was Julia Kahale, the daughter of the much-feared Michael Kahale and one of the scariest, most unpleasant people she had ever met. She was also augur (apparently augur was reserved for the worst of people-wonderful), which meant she knew a lot of secrets about Raina that gave her a lot of leverage on her. They often argued-Julia always gave harsh punishments for no good reason, and used her rank to boss the Fifth Cohort around, while Raina tried to pass judgment as fairly as she could. Currently, the Fifth Cohort was torn between two centurions-they wanted to listen to Raina because she was fairer, but they often listened to Julia out of fear of her position and power. Besides, nobody really knew Raina-she sat alone at dinner, didn't participate in friendly conversations, and avoided people, out of fear that her curse would take yet another life. So the others just thought she had some sort of antisocial disorder. She was sharpening her gladius when she heard the explosion. She looked up to see legionnaires rushing towards the general direction of the Little Tiber, shouting and running and shoving. She stopped one guy and asked, "What is going on?" "Monsters at the gates," was all he gasped before he pulled out of her grip and continued his sprint for the gates. Raina, grabbing her scythe (she had found it on her thirteenth birthday and liked to think that it was a present from her mother) and dropping the gladius, followed the rest of the legion's lead. After a few minutes of running, she arrived at the Little Tiber, where a crowd had already formed. Raina could barely make out anything above the heads of others, but she could see what seemed to be a bunch of Cyclopes. Suddenly, the air got colder, and heavier. The ground opened up. Around ten or so skeletons clawed their way up to the surface and seemed to attack the Cyclopes. In around five or so horrifying minutes, the Cyclopes had been reduced to dust and the skeletons crumbled back into bones. She heard an awed whisper. "A son of Pluto." Pluto? Raina had to see this. She pushed her way through the crowd. In front of the Little Tiber stood a boy maybe her age. In his hands he held one of those kitchen knives. It was stained with blood. He had longish dark hair that framed his face, and dark green eyes that seemed to be confused, afraid, and amazed at the same time. He was holding the knife like, I have a knife and I'm not afraid to use it! He looked scrawny and travel-worn, and very, very clueless. He actually looked kind of like a puppy. Caelius stepped forward. "Who are you?" The new kid looked nervous. He wrung his hands. "I'm…Amicus. Amicus Grave." "We will question you at the principia," Allison Stephens, daughter of Mercury, the other praetor, commanded, her voice strong and steady, resonating around them. "But you need an escort. Hm..." Of all people she could've chosen, her vibrant green gaze rested on Raina. "Starfall! You will be the escort to Mr. Grave here." Oh, great. "Yes, praetor," Raina said wearily, saluting half-heartedly. Allison shrugged. She closed her eyes and opened them again. Caelius and Allison were already ordering the other legionnaires back to their activities, while the new guy, Amicus, warily made his way towards her. "Come on," she said, her voice clipped. It came out harsher than it meant to, and the poor boy looked scared half to death (ha, ha, son of Pluto, death, get over it). Raina did look rather creepy. Oh, well. Better to scare him off. AMICUS Amicus was really fed up with being a demigod. The wolves had been okay. Strange, but okay. The journey from Philadelphia to Berkeley had been long and hard, but fine, he could handle it. The monsters, especially those pesky Cyclopes, had been pushing it. But his "escort", as General Blondie had most delicately put it, was the last straw. Amicus was going to admit it; that chick was scary. An inch or two shorter than him, but scary, especially with that Grim Reaper stick of death she was holding. He'd heard of Celestial Bronze and Imperial Gold and Stygian Iron swords and knives, and bows and arrows, and clubs and maces, and spears and javelins, and shields too. But seriously, what kind of demigod carried a freaking scythe? She took off her helmet and got a good look at him. Amicus' ADHD went, hey, she's actually kind of pretty. She had long dark hair the curled around itself at her waist, and pale, clear skin. Her eyes, dark blue, like the night sky, bored into his green ones with such an intensity that he had to look away. "Welcome to Camp Jupiter!" she feigned enthusiasm. "You're a son of Pluto, right?" He nodded. His mother had told him so on the very day he found out he was a demigod. She lowered her voice so the praetors couldn't hear. "That means you have to lay low. Demigods get uneasy about underworld gods like Pluto and Somnus and Nyx. One mistake, and you could be kicked out of the legion and taint the name of your brothers and sisters forever. Of course, being a relative of Hazel Levesque and Nico di Angelo's, there may be some leniency…" "Who are those?" He asked. He'd heard of the di Angelo name once-some famous heart surgeon, maybe…but he couldn't be sure. "Isn't the di Angelo guy a doctor or something?" Starfall (was that what Blondie called her?) shrugged. "He's a son of Hades-the Greek form of Pluto. He grew up to be a famous heart surgeon. He's known even more in the demigod world for being the first-ever demigod to go through Tartarus, which is basically Greek hell, alone and live to tell the tale-at the age of fourteen." She spoke about him with awe. "As for Hazel Levesque, she was one of the seven demigods who saved us all in the second Giant War, which was like twenty or thirty years ago or something. Of course, now their glory days are over, so they don't stick around at camp much. None of the real legends do, really. Anyway, Lupa explained the Giant and Titan Wars, right?" "Yeah," he said. He still remembered the disbelief he felt the day Mama Wolf and her clan came to get him. They'd trained at the Wolf House and then left him to go to Camp Jupiter on his own. "Yeah, well, anyway, don't use that as an excuse to slack off, okay? By the looks of you, you'll be in my cohort, and I'm one of the centurions, and if you step a hair out of line I'll throw you in a sack with a rooster and give you and Cluck a swim in the Little Tiber. Am I understood?" She said, her eyes narrowed and hostile, like she was trying to get him to hate her. "Huh?" What? What was a cohort? What was a centurion? What was going on? She rolled her eyes and began to explain to him how things worked in the legion. Basically, the First Cohort had all the privileges and stuff, and it got worse the lower you got on the food chain, until you hit rock bottom, AKA the Fifth Cohort, the Cohort Grumpy Cat, his perfectly grouchy escort, was in, which was where all the losers went. Amicus was so sure he'd be in it, given his wonderful luck lately. She then explained the pegasus program with the Greeks, and how one day he could go in his free time once he became used to the life in the legion. She said after the questioning(she said it would blow over) and the augury(she warned him not to blow up-in annoyance, that is, but she didn't explain why there was a possibility) they would get his weapons and things, and maybe train him a little bit for "war games" whatever that was. Amicus looked around. " I see…dead people." He said. "Ha. Ha. Ha. Those would be the Lares, or the household gods," she explained. "Humor them and they can give you pointers. Anger them and they can pull nasty pranks on you. Yes, stop gaping, those are