Silena "Lily" Jackson (13) - Tall, with messy, wild raven black hair and gray eyes with flecks of green in them. Loves the water and is like a more sensible version of her father. A natural leader. She is fairly smart and sometimes a bookworm, though she prefers fantasy and sci-fi novels rather than non-fiction. Lucas "Luke" Jackson (11)- A bit runty, but will eventually hit a growth spurt. Curly blond hair and bright green eyes. Has large black glasses. Extremely smart and bookish, though without his father's powers, except for breathing under water and speaking to horses. Atticus Grace (13)- Dark hair and blue eyes, tan skin. Easygoing, polite, but leaderlike and can be sensible. Tall and lean. Can control the winds and lightning, and is good-looking thanks to his Aphrodite heritage. Celeste Grace (14)- Blond hair, kaleidoscopic eyes, wonderful smile. Typical teenager going through the awkward phase. She can charmspeak. Very stubborn, can be bossy, though friendly, social, and loyal. Kaia Grace (11)- Typically Piper in looks. She can fly, and control lightning. She takes after her aunt, Thalia-she is short-tempered, rebellious, and headstrong. She has a very big mouth and is not afraid to state her mind. Often it's only Celeste and Atticus who can shut her up-she looks up to them. Jade Zhang(13)- Small, petite. Asian features, long, dark hair, brown eyes. She is shy, quiet, and often nervous. She can turn into animals and command the spirits of dead soldiers, with the help of Diocletian's scepter. Emile Zhang(13)- Jade's twin brother.Tall. African American, with amber eyes and curly brown hair cut close to his head. Steady, sensible, and reassuring, he is sort of the backbone of the group. He is extremely protective of his sister. Can talk to the dead, shadow-travel, and raise gems and jewels from the earth. Sylvia Valdez(13): Very short. Has curly brown hair usually tucked under a bandanna, brown eyes, and a mischevious grin. She is hyperactive, funny, and loves to laugh. She is a fire user and is extremely clever with her hands. Zoë Valdez (12): Polar opposite of her sister. Long dark hair, almond shaped eyes, full lips. She often frowns. A neat freak, she is orderly, pretty, and obedient. Is not a fire user, but can perform certain acts of sorcery and is pretty good at fixing things if she can ever get over how sooty and messy the forges are. Surprisingly good at archery. CHAPTER ONE " Who knows, how long, I've been awake now? The shadows on my wall don't sleep. They keep calling me, beckoning." – Nothing Left to Say by Imagine Dragons " Lily, I know you're in there." Groaning, a girl named Silena, but called Lily, opened her mostly-gray eyes, rubbing them blearily. She loved sleep, especially when you were warm and comfortable and sleepy. However, Lily's mother didn't take that sort of nonsense, so, running a hand through her eternally messy jet-black hair, she brushed her teeth, took a shower, and threw on a random t-shirt and her signature denim shorts. Jumping down the stairs, barefoot, two steps at a time, she landed on the floor with a loud clump. "And there's Lily," she heard her father say, his voice muffled by what was probably blue chocolate chip pancakes, but never losing the gentle sarcasm he always used with his family. She slid down in the seat next to him, between her parents and across from her younger brother, Luke. Luke's unruly blond curls obscured his eyes, and for that matter, his face, too, but Lily knew what she would see if he lifted his head. Bright, intelligent, sea green eyes behind big black glasses that would cynically grammatically correct her sentences, even if he didn't verbally do it, she would always know she said something wrong by the look in his eyes. Currently the eleven-year-old was trying to read two huge books and scribble notes in his Book-his personal journal, where he kept all his facts organized, all his building plans, all his notes and information. Luke had always been more Athena than her, but personally, Lily thought she got the better end of the legacy deal. She'd much be an ocean warrior princess than a know-it-all geek like her brother. Her mother was just as smart as he was, even smarter, actually, but she didn't rub it in. Speaking of her mother, Annabeth sent a half-amused, half-exasperated look at both her husband and her daughter, who were both stuffing their faces with pancakes like there was no tomorrow. "Do you two have to eat like barbarians?" Percy shrugged. Lily said, "It's a race, you see. Whoever gets the last pancake wins." Annabeth grinned. "Don't get indigestion, then." She was about to begin eating when she saw Luke, totally oblivious to the world. "Luke, drop the books and eat." Luke obviously didn't hear her, he was reading the book like his life depended on it. Her mother, however, was used to her children and knew what caught their (extremely short) attention spans. It was either how insanely smart she was, or how she had mom instincts, or both. "Lucas Allen Jackson, put the books away right this very instant or so help me, it will be the last time you see one for a week. We are eating breakfast together as a family, and your studies will not interrupt that." Luke's head snapped up and he instantly gathered up his books and rushed to his room to put them back. Everyone was afraid of Annabeth Jackson. Lily was even convinced her father was a little afraid of her. When Annabeth said your full name and ordered you to do something, you did what you're told, or you fear for your life. When Luke came back somewhat grumpily, the family resumed its cheery demeanor. The sun slanted through the sliding glass door that separated the kitchen from the backyard, where her dad's dog, a giant black hellhound, usually lived. She was supposed to shadow-travel them to camp. Today was the beginning of the second week of summer vacation-the day she was scheduled to go back to camp for the summer. She grinned in anticipation. She and Luke spent summers there, and spent the winters here-excluding winter break, when the entire family would spend time there. Lily missed her friends, Celeste, Atticus and Kaia, Jade and Emile, Sylvia and Zoë. They were all one big group at camp. "We're going to camp today, right?" Luke said absentmindedly. Their parents shared a worried look. Lily didn't know what that was all about, but she made a mind to ask them about it later. Percy then shrugged. "Yep." "Cool," Lily said. "After breakfast?" "Yes. You packed yesterday, remember?" her mother prompted her. Lily wondered how she could've forgotten today was the day she was going to camp, when she really had packed the night before, and her backpack was waiting for her in her room. "Yeah," she said, still wondering why her dad's eyes seemed to still have a lingering worry in them, or how her mother looked tense. "Where's Mrs. O'Leary?" Luke prompted. Percy scowled darkly at his food. Annabeth sighed. "Mrs. O' Leary couldn't make it today." "Is she dead?" Lily asked, horrified. "No, no!" Percy said. "She's just…um…she…" Annabeth saved him. "Er…a friend of ours needed her shadow-travel for a really urgent reason." "Okay," Lily said simply. She still didn't get why her dad looked so morose. "How are we getting to camp, then?" Luke asked. "The old-fashioned way," her dad said, grinning. "By car." With their backpacks on their shoulders, the two siblings climbed into their dad's car. Lily was dubious about her dad's navigation skills-he often took detours he thought were shortcuts. However, they arrived exactly as planned at Half-Blood hill at 1:30 PM. After saying goodbye to their dad, they both climbed to the top of the hill in their Camp Half-Blood t-shirts, almost tasting the s'mores. Lily remembered her bunk in the first Legacy cabin. It was soft and comfy and was always the exact temperature Lily wanted it to be. She sighed. Camp Half-Blood had the best of everything, in her point of view. Best beach, best classes, best food, best beds… She jumped when she felt a hand on her shoulder. "Hey," She turned around to see Atticus Grace standing behind her. Her stomach gave this funny lurch for some reason. His messy brown hair glinted in the sunlight like melting chocolate. His blue eyes were sparkling. His smile was easy and friendly, like it always was. She was very aware of his hand on her shoulder. She didn't know why she was suddenly registering all this. She and Atticus had grown up together-best friends, actually. It was weird, because they were so different yet so alike. " Hey? That's what you say to your best friend who hasn't seen you for five months?" she said, clutching a hand over her heart. "I'm hurt, Atti, I really am." Atticus laughs. "But we Iris-Message every week." "But still!" she continued her heartbroken act. She swooned. "Oh, Atti, my heart, my soul!" Luke shook his head, rolling his eyes as he passed them as they cracked up. "Hey, Atticus, where're Kaia and Zoë?" Kaia Grace and Zoë Valdez were Luke's two best friends, and probably the only people besides his family who understood how his mind worked. Atticus stopped laughing enough to answer his question. "Zoë's in the archery range-" "As usual," Lily added. "And Kaia's who-knows-where, you know how she is." Luke went past, while Lily and Atticus descended down the hill together, heading to the fifth Legacy cabin. As they walked, they passed Alyssa Banks, daughter of Aphrodite, giving fashion advice to a group of girls. Alyssa had struck a business, making an hour every week for fashion tips, lessons, and advice. She blew a kiss at them as they walked by. Atticus snorted. "I can't believe I'm related to her," he said. He was speaking the truth-his mother, Piper Grace, was a daughter of Aphrodite. "Alyssa's really nice," Lily said, frowning. "It's not that, it's just…can you imagine me fawning over fashion shows and doing makeup?" he asked, wrinkling his nose. "Thankfully not," Lily replied honestly. "You are more Jupiter than Aphrodite, you know." "I guess," he said. They passed the arena, where a few Ares kids were brutally beating the Hebe kids at swordfighting. Finally, after passing the direct demigod cabins, they came to the ten Legacy cabins. Each cabin looked like a regular summer camp cabin, except their inhabitants had added their own touches. A lodestone here. Some armor there. A few spears sticking out of the dirt. The usual stuff. Not all of them were full, though-only a few. They arrived at the fifth one, where Sylvia and Zoë Valdez, Atticus, Celeste and Kaia Grace, and Lily and Luke Jackson lived. Lily's twin friends Jade and Emile Zhang lived at Camp Jupiter, in the Third Cohort barracks, and Lily reminded herself to visit them later. After the Giant war, a magic portal between the camps was constructed, so you could go from Camp Half-Blood to Camp Jupiter and vice versa in a split-second, even if they were across the country from each other. Since Jade and Emile were fully Roman, they lived and trained(mostly) at Camp Jupiter, but attended campfire here, and often hung out with Lily and the rest at either. Legacy Cabin Number Five was clean after the harpies cleaned it when they left it last winter break, but Lily knew the tidiness wouldn't last. Whether it was how boys were messy by default(unless you were a son of Aphrodite), or how by the time they got back to their cabins they would be too tired to clean, the cabin was often a mess, despite Celeste's fruitless tries to clean. Lily plopped her backpack next to her bunk on the girl's side of the cabin, put on her magic necklace,