A/N: Just a ramble I had, burning in my mind! Sorry it's been so long, I've just got back from two weeks with friends in Scotland where the closest house was an hour away. I've missed everyone! Oh, and for those of you who remember him, Louis has broken his nose by getting in a fight with a guy who wouldn't take no for an answer with one of Louis friends! Boys! Neither Katniss nor Peeta entirely remembered their first time together. They remembered going to the party and drinking too much and they remembered an awkward kiss which somehow lead to the two of them waking up in each other's arms in Peeta's bed. The one thing they could not deny was that they both knew it was incredibly good sex. Peeta could tell because there were four used condoms in his bin and his stomach ached from thrusting, that and the scratches down his back made him wish he could just remember. Katniss could tell because she ached, an ache that was partially from pain but, mostly from longing. Her body was covered in love bites and she had to walk around with long sleeved tops on and had her hair down around her neck in an attempt to cover them up. Of course Johanna had just laughed hysterically at the attempt, claiming that Katniss could hide the marks but, couldn't hide the arch in his thighs. When they had woken up, they had been in complete shock. Katniss had dressed awkwardly, her vagina aching as Peeta's eyes followed her every move. They had a week off from classes so at least that gave them time to think it through, only all they could think about was how amazing it must have been. The worst part about the whole thing was that their two friendship groups always seemed to gravitate toward each other, so when Katniss, Madge, Jo and Annie went on a two hour car ride to a well known deserted beach it was almost uncanny that five minutes later Finnick's slick black car parked beside Katniss' truck and Finnick, Peeta, Delly and Thom climbed out whooping. "You have got to be kidding me!" Katniss cried when she saw Peeta removing his shirt beside Finnick preparing to charge into the water. "This is perfect! I need a camera to capture the look of hatred on your face Katniss!" Jo laughed and rolled onto her side. "Well what do you know! It's my favourite girls!" Finnick shouted and then trotted to where they were sat on the sand, Peeta walking beside him awkwardly trying to maintain a look of nonchalance. "I'm starting to think you've got us on GPS Odair!" Jo laughed and Finnick held his hands up in surrender. "Maybe if Annie would just text me back I wouldn't have to chase you girls everywhere!" Finnick winked at Annie but then his eyes latched onto Katniss' neck. "Oh my god! You've got hickeys!" Katniss scowled and turned away from both Finnick and Peeta but Jo laughed loudly. "Wait until she tries to walk normally!" Jo roared and Katniss threw a bottle of sun cream at her head. "She looks like she's been riding a horse for a week!" "Are you serious!" Finnick laughs loudly as Delly and Thom join the group. "What's going on?" Thom asks in his gruff voice. "Katniss got fucked by a horse!" Jo roared and Katniss angrily kicked her so she fell face first into the sand but, then Jo turned and grabbed for her ankle so Katniss jumped up and Jo proceeded to chase her in a circle around everyone. "You know I'll get you!" Jo screamed and Katniss peeked over Finnick's shoulder. "Just try it!" Katniss yelled and then darted away and ran as fast as she could. When she looked back Jo was just pointing and laughing so Katniss angrily climbed up an abandoned life guard tower. "Leave me alone!" Katniss snapped when she heard footsteps beneath the tower. "Don't shoot," Peeta called up and Katniss bite her lip. "I think we need to talk." Peeta crawled up beside Katniss and leaned his back against the wooden planks used for the wall. "I can't believe you gave me freakin' hickeys!" Katniss hissed and Peeta smirked. "I can't believe you scratched my back so much it looks like I've been whipped!" He chuckles and leans forward so Katniss can see the scratches down his back. "Sorry." Katniss mumbles and Peeta shrugs. "Look, I've been thinking about what happened." "Do you remember?" Peeta asked quickly and she shook her head. "We can just act like nothing happened, if neither of us remember it's not like we have to forget anyway do we?" Katniss mumbles and Peeta watches as all the others splash into the sea. "I don't really want to do that." Peeta says quietly and Katniss snaps her head to him. "I mean, we can't deny that it was good. Whether we remember or not, the sex was good." Katniss nods. "The way I see it good sex is a good thing, especially what with our exams coming up and everything." Katniss studies Peeta's face. "You want to carry on having sex?" Katniss asks and Peeta sighs. "What's the harm? It's a stress reliever and if it's as good as what it appears to be then I think it would really help us both." Peeta raises his eyebrows at Katniss and she bites her lip. "Just sex?" "Just sex." Peeta confirms. Whatever Peeta and Katniss were doing, it couldn't be called 'just sex' because it was incredible sex. "Fuck me." Peeta panted as they both collapsed back on his bed, Katniss glanced at his bedside clock and then grabbed a condom out of the box. "Okay." She grinned as she straddled Peeta's thighs and he looked at her in wonder. "It's been two months and I've already spent triple what I usually spend on condoms." Peeta chuckles as Katniss removes the used one and then pumps Peeta until he is hard again and rolls the condom onto him. "Are you complaining?" Katniss smirks as she lowers herself onto him and he grabs hold of her hips. "God no." Peeta groans and watches as Katniss rolls her hips against him. "My grades have increased already." Peeta sits up now and snakes his arm around Katniss' waist so he can pull her flush against himself and they both moan loudly. "Oh good, I'd hate for your grades to slip." Katniss moans into Peeta's shoulder as he starts to thrust upwards into her. "Shut up." Peeta laughs but, Katniss can't respond because she can feel herself unravelling quickly. "Let go, baby." He whispers and Katniss does what he says as Peeta himself shoots into the condom rapidly before falling backwards and Katniss laying on his chest. "Are you going to the singing thing on Saturday?" Katniss asks as she trails her fingers over Peeta's solid chest and his fingers fiddle with the end of her braid. "I'm not really sure, I can't sing and I can't dance so there's not really any point in me going." He muses and Katniss smirks. "You can drink and the thing is in the bar so no one there will be able to actually sing anyway, Peeta." Katniss moves off Peeta as he stands up and pulls his boxers on. "You can sing." Peeta points at Katniss and she glares at him. "Hey, it isn't my fault if you like singing in my shower!" Katniss stands up to put her bra on and Peeta watches her intently. "Well, you can dance so whatever." "Alright, I'll go and you sing and I'll dance." Peeta caves as Katniss pulls on one of his t shirts. "I'm pretty sure you own more of my clothes than I do." "It's not my fault if a certain someone can't keep it in his pants long enough to nicely remove my shirts and instead rips them off me, literally!" Katniss pulls her jeans on and Peeta pulls on his shorts and jumper. "This singing thing is gonna suck, you know that right?" Peeta leans against Katniss truck door as she starts it up. "Hm," Katniss catches Peeta eye and smirks. "I've never given a blowjob in a bar toilet before." Peeta shakes his head in frustration as Katniss giggles and drives away. Since Annie finally relented and went on a date with Finnick a few weeks back it was kind of strange for anyone to think of them not together, because of this everyone seemed to hang out a lot more so it was completely casual when Katniss sat down at the table beside Peeta. "You're not the designated driver tonight?" Finnick asks from beside Peeta and Katniss smiles and takes a swig of her beer. "No, an old friend of mine is in town so he said he'd give everyone lifts home and if I'm singing I need some Dutch courage." Katniss clinks her glass with Finnick's. "An old friend?" Peeta asks and Katniss nods. "Yeah, we lived next door to each other before I came here to college and he joined the army so we see each other when we can." "Oh right." Peeta turns his head away from Katniss and she frowns slightly before turning to watch Delly and Thom do a duet. "The army? Yikes, how old is he?" Finnick asks and Katniss smiles. "Gale has a knack with guns. He's two years older than us so, you know." Katniss smiles to herself and Finnick frowns. "I don't think I do know..." Finnick trails off and Annie laughs. "He was the older boy next door, Finn!" Finn's eyes narrow and then light up. "Oh! I get it!" Everyone laughs but Peeta only manages a smile. "Gale's great, you'll like him." Everyone claps for Delly as Annie and Madge lean over the table towards Katniss. "So, he's got your virginity right?" Madge smirks and Katniss laughs, taking a long pull of her drink. "Gale has my first everything." Katniss confirms and then stands up to get another drink. "Catnip." Katniss spins as she stands and instantly wraps her arms around Gale's neck as he lifts her off the floor, hugging her tightly against him. "God have I missed you!" Gale mumbles into Katniss' neck as she smiles into his. "I'm singing in a minute." Katniss tells Gale when he puts her back on his feet. "You should sing with me!" Gale pulls off his leather jacket with a grimace. "You know I don't sing unless I've had a drink!" Gale chuckles as Katniss presses herself against his side. "Well how about everyone crashes at mine and Peeta's? Cato's at his girlfriends tonight so, there's plenty of room." Finnick tells everyone and Katniss looks to Peeta who is staring into his drink. "Peet?" "Yeah sure, that's fine." Peeta mumbles and takes an exceptionally long pull on his beer. "Great! Come on, they have your drink." Katniss pulls Gale over to the bar where they order drinks and move back to the table. "Sit on my knee, Catnip." Gale offers when he sits down on Katniss' previous chair so she perches on his knee. "Jesus, what is that? I can smell the fumes from here!" Finnick looks at Gale's drink and Gale smirks. "It's bourbon, we used to drink it back home." Gale presses his chin onto Katniss' shoulder as she laughs. "Really? I thought Katniss didn't come from money and that stuff is expensive!" Madge queries and Katniss nods. "Correct on both counts but, the local bar didn't exactly have the best security system." Katniss fills in and the others chuckle. "Right come on, let's do our thing!" Katniss stands up and takes a sip of Gale's drink before passing it to him and he takes a sip and then follows Katniss up to the stage. Everyone whoops as Katniss and Gale climb onto the little stage, they speak to the DJ