A/N: I'm always a bit nervous when starting a new story. This one was inspired by the show Supernatural which I spent way too many hours watching. I'll warn you right now that some of my characters are going to be a bit OOC. This story will update every Friday unless life gets in the way. Big thanks to the folks over at PTB for their awesome beta skills. "C'mon, sweet thang, don't be like that. I promise to make you feel good." the guy leered at Alice as she played coy in the dirty motel room we were in. "I don't know," she said quietly. "Drugs are bad for you." The guy with black hair gave a laugh and did his best to assure Alice it would be fine. He wanted to get her hopped up on drugs so when he killed her, she wouldn't make a fuss. Some vamps got off on listening to their prey scream and beg, while others didn't want to draw attention to themselves. Apparently, this guy was of the quiet variety. Too bad it was going to be his last night on earth. As Alice played him, I snuck out of the closet and tossed a vile of lighter fluid on his back. "What the fuck?!" he roared, whirling around with a shocked look on his face when he saw me there. If he'd been more focused on his surroundings instead of on his next meal, I would've never taken him by surprise. "Burn baby, burn," Alice said with a grin as she tossed the lighter she'd just lit on him. The fucker erupted into flames, letting out an anguished howl before turning into a pile of smoldering ash. The one good thing about vampires was that they burned quickly and left nothing but a pile of ash that could easily be swept up. "Man, that was way too easy," Ali said as we cleaned up the mess the guy had made. "I wish they were all that easy," I told her, thinking about the broken ribs and arm I'd gotten a few months ago after a vampire had gotten his arms around me. They were wicked strong and could crush a human easily. "So, where to next?" she asked. That was always the question. It all depended on where vampire attacks were. Sometimes, we'd spend days scouring the Internet and papers for suspicious deaths only to drive hundreds of miles and find nothing. Sometimes, we found more than we bargained for. Last year in Atlanta, we stumbled upon a small coven of vamps trying to take over the downtown area. We had to call in reinforcements because there was no way the two of us could take out six vamps at once. Hell, even with help it had almost been impossible, but we'd finished them off. It was our job. We were hunters, vampire hunters to be specific. There weren't a lot of us in the U.S., and we all tended to know one another. We might not have all gotten along or liked each other very well, but you could usually count on another hunter to help out or feed you information. It was just the way we worked. I loved my job despite the fact it was a thankless job. We didn't get paid to hunt down and kill vamps. Most of our money came to us illegally, and our job was all about breaking the rules. Very little of what we did was legal. Hell, if we were ever caught by the police, I'd hate to think of the charges they'd throw our way: impersonation of federal or government employees, credit card fraud, theft, harboring of illegal weapons. Yeah, we'd be in a world of hurt and that was why we had to be constantly vigilant. Being a good liar didn't hurt either. Dad had taught me how to do the job and how to do it well. I owed it all to him. Five hours later, I was checking us into a tiny motel off the beaten path. They were the best places to stay. Not only were they cheap, no one would think to look for us there, assuming anyone was looking for us. That and the decor in these places tended to crack me up. We were in a small town in Oklahoma that had seen a few unusual deaths. Three people had been found dead in their homes, drained of blood, leaving the small town police baffled. That was where Alice and I would come in. We would pose as detectives from Oklahoma City, which was about thirty miles away. "Oh, man. This has to be the best place yet," Alice said with a grin as she unlocked the door and it swung open. She wasn't kidding. The entire room was done in cheetah print, from the bedspreads, to the curtains, to the towels hanging near the sink. Hell, even the lampshades and the carpet were cheetah themed. Taking my phone out of my pocket, I snapped a picture. What? I had a collection going on. I dropped my bag on the floor by the bed closest to the door and flopped down on the bed. It wasn't the most comfortable mattress in the world, but I'd slept on worse. With a sigh, I sat up and leaned over to grab my bag. We needed to go over our game plan for the morning. "Got your badge?" I asked Alice as I dug through my bag for the small locked box containing all of my various IDs. "Yep," she said, flashing me the badge that said she was Detective Melanie Daniels. Once I got my box opened, I dug around and pulled out my own badge, Detective Helen Lyle. We knew a guy who ran a bar outside of St. Louis who made badges for hunters. When I'd first started hunting with Dad, he'd taken me to see Jared, who'd hooked me up with a ton of badges. When Alice had joined me in hunting last year, I'd taken her to see him as well. Thanks to him, I could pose as a FBI agent, CDC agent, ATF agent, detective, doctor, and hell, I even had a badge saying I worked for NASA. It was fucking awesome, and a must-have in our trade. "Okay, so tomorrow we'll go talk to the sheriff and then hit up the morgue. After that, we'll ask around town if they've seen anyone or anything suspicious. The usual routine," I told her. "Sounds good," she said with a grin. She'd taken to the hunter life far quicker than I'd expected, but I wasn't convinced she was cut out to do this for life. Until a few years ago, she'd been a college student studying fashion design in New York, and then Dad had died. She'd dropped everything to be with me, but after a few months of moving from one place to the next, she'd grown restless and had gone back to school. It had been for the best, and I'd continued hunting on my own. Then one night, eighteen months ago, Alice had called me, hysterical. Her boyfriend had never returned from the bar and the next morning his body was found discovered behind a dumpster with slashes to his throat and wrists, and the police had found nothing to go on. But we both knew what had killed him. Ali changed after his death. She'd become determined to hunt down the vampire bastard that had killed her boyfriend, Dean, and I was more than willing to help. We'd gathered information from Dean's friends and discovered that an unkempt guy with dreadlocks had been hanging around the bar they frequented. It took us surprisingly little time to hunt the vamp down. The cocky bastard hadn't left and we found him hiding out in a dirty motel room in the seedy part of town. We'd posed as hookers and he was more than willing to let us in to play. Asshole never stood a chance. We'd flambéed his ass with a couple of hand held flamethrowers. I'd thought for sure after we turned dreadlocks into ashes, Alice would go back to her college life, but to my surprise, she didn't. She'd chosen to come with me and so here we were hunting together. Dad would've been proud. After a dinner of takeout burgers and fries, we settled in for the night, confident in our plan for the morning. We'd done the detective routine more than once, and we were damn good at pulling it off. "Hold still, Bells. I need to add a few more wrinkles to your face," Alice said as she finished touching up my makeup. Since we were playing detectives, we needed to age ourselves up a bit seeing as how we were both in our early twenties. "Perfect," she declared a few minutes later, I didn't have to look to know it was. Alice was a magician when it came to makeup and clothes. She'd sewn a bunch of suits and professional outfits for us. I had to admit, things were easier having her with me. "Ready?" I asked, as I slid my feet into a pair of black slip-ons. "Yep," she said. The small town sheriff was so grateful to see us that he gave us everything we asked for and answered all of our questions. In the beginning, I used to feel bad about lying to these people, but not anymore. Now, it was just a part of the job. "Thank you, Sheriff Macon. We appreciate the information you've given us," I told him, shaking his hand. Alice did the same and then we headed to the basement of the building where the morgue was. It didn't take but a few minutes for the coroner to let us in and we got a look at the three bodies. "There are these strange puncture marks on all of them. All I can figure is that the killer stabbed them with something and let them bleed out." The man was more correct than he knew. The killer did stab them, with his or her fangs. It confirmed what we'd already known. There was a vamp in town, and we were going to have to stop it. We spent the rest of the day asking questions around town and looking out for anyone who seemed a bit suspicious. Vamps had a hard time coming off as human, mainly because their humanity has been lost. They also had red eyes, but during the day they were easy enough to hide with a pair of sunglasses. What we tried to look for was someone wearing sunglasses that walked a bit weird, like they were forcing themselves to walk slowly. There was also the fact that vampires were almost overly attractive. We got a break later that night while having dinner at the local diner. We overheard a couple of young men talking about a woman who was new in town: a beautiful woman with long dark hair and pale skin. One of the guys described her as so beautiful it hurt his eyes to look at her. Bingo. "Think she'll be at the Turtle Tap again?" one guy asked his friend. And, we had a place. Perfect. Later in the evening, we dressed in jeans and t-shirts before heading to the bar. We found a small table in a dark corner and settled in. It could be a long night. We ordered a couple of beers and kept an eye out. About an hour later, the vamp walked in. She was wearing a short, tight red dress and had her long brown hair pulled back. "Jackpot," I mouthed to Alice. She nodded. An hour and a half later, the vampire was ashes and my new jeans had blood on them. I was more than a bit pissed. We didn't have a ton of money so new clothes were a