A/N: This is my first fanfic, so please be kind. However, any reviews and feedback are appreciated. Disclaimer: The rights to Harry Potter belong to JKR. This is meant to be a work of transformative fiction, based on her characters. I do not make any money from this work. Summary: Fifteen years after the end of the Second Wizarding War, former Hogwarts' students are sending their own children off to school for the first time. As the train leaves, Hermione makes a startling discovery about her husband and the secret life he's been living. Draco witnesses Hermione's world shatter and comes to her rescue, helping her pick up the pieces and find herself again. Pairings: Hermione/Draco, Ginny/Harry, Daphne/Theo, Tracey/Blaise, Greg Goyle/OC, Ron/Lavender Warnings/Tags: Rated M for romance, eventual implicit/explicit sexual situations, mild profanity, mild violence, implicit spousal abuse. This fanfic has been up for a few months without these warnings and I haven't received any complaints, but I thought it might be a good idea to put this up just in case. Chapter One The Betrayal Sunday, September 1st, 2013 Fifteen years after the Battle for Hogwarts Draco stood on platform 9-3/4 getting ready to send Scorpius off to Hogwarts for the first time. He was dreading it. He was afraid for Scorpius, afraid that the mistakes of his past would haunt his son as well, afraid of the labels and prejudices that would be given to Scorpius for being his son and a Malfoy. He would miss him being gone too. His home would be lonely without Scorpius. "You're going to have to be strong this year. People will make assumptions about you because of me and I'm sorry about that. Just be yourself though and the people worth knowing will see the good kid you are and not just the son of Draco Malfoy," Draco stood facing his son with his hands on his shoulders. His son looked so much like himself at that age, same slick back, white blond hair, same gray eyes and pale skin. "Dad, I'll be fine and there's nothing wrong with being your son. You're a great dad to me and the people who can't let the past go, can sod off," Scorpius said defiantly. "Language, son. If you need anything, write and let me know. Write even if you don't need anything. I want to know how you're doing." The whistle blew and the crowded platform became chaotic as children rushed to board and load their trunks. Families were gathered around the train saying goodbye, children were leaning out open windows. It was time to let him go. "Time to go, son. I love you. Be strong, study hard, and make good friends," Draco said as he pulled Scorpius in for one last hug. "I love you too, dad. I'll make you proud." "You already do, mate." Scorpius broke away and climbed onto the train. He looked behind him one last time and waved before he disappeared. Theo and Daphne came up to him. Theo clapped a hand on his shoulder. "You okay?" Theo asked. "Yeah. I'm just worried about how he'll be treated." "He'll be fine. You raised a good kid. Drake is there, so are the other Baby Snakes," Theo chuckled a little at their nickname for their group of children. "Come over for dinner tonight, Draco," Daphne offered, "Spinner's End will be too quiet." "Not tonight Daphne, but thank you. I'll be fine. It will just take some getting used to." Draco looked out over the sea of families watching the train depart. He saw Harry up ahead, facing him talking to Weasley and her. He nodded a greeting to Harry when their gazes met. He and Harry had made their peace years ago. The Golden Trio had spoken up for him and his mother during their trial. It had kept them both out of Azkaban. Harry had even apologized for not being able to help his father too, but they had both known there was no helping his father. She was there. Her back was to him and she was leaning on Weasley, but she was the closest to him that she'd been in ages. He'd watched her over the years as she walked by him at the Ministry or Diagon Alley. They had never shared more than a "Hello" in passing. She was happy with Weasley and he only existed as a part of their shared past. She has no idea of his feelings for her, had never had any idea. He had been horrid to her in school, spouting that pureblood crap that his father fed him growing up, not really understanding the prejudice he had thrown at her feet. He had only been twelve and those ideals had been ingrained in him his whole life. By the time he had understood, it had been too late. She had despised him and he couldn't find a way to repair the damage. He had been cast adrift in a world ruled by hate. He'd had to make impossible choices to save his mother. Choices he struggled and railed against. He had tried to find the light, to be what she deserved, but he couldn't abandon his family and kept getting pulled back to the dark. She had unknowingly ripped his world to shreds and he'd been left to find a way to rebuild it anew. Being a father to Scorpius had given him a chance to be the man he wanted to be. He didn't want Scorpius to grow up the way he had. He wanted better for his son. He wanted to create a better world for his son to grow up in. The train blew one final whistle and pulled out of the station. Draco stood watching his son being taken away, hoping that the year wouldn't be awful for him. Theo and Daphne said goodbye to him. He said goodbye distractedly to them still gazing at the train as it made its way around the bend and out of sight. He was about to turn and go when he saw a little, red-haired boy break free from his harried mother and go barreling into Weasley screaming "Daddy." Hermione took a step away from Weasley, her back still to Draco. Harry looked shocked, eyes wide and mouth hanging open. The child was wrapped around Weasley's legs chattering away, completely oblivious to the adults around him. The mother of the boy walked up with two other children, a young girl and a toddler boy, both red-haired. He was horrified to see that the plump, harried woman was Lavender Brown. She said something he couldn't hear to Weasley. He heard Hermione screech " You bastard " loud enough for it to echo off the platform around them and break him out of his shock. He started forward and grabbed her around the waist just as she was about to launch herself at Weasley. He hauled her back and stood between her and Weasley. She glared up at him. "Get out of my way, Malfoy. Did you come here to gloat?" She made to move past him but he put his hands on the tops of her arms, keeping her in place. "No," he said quietly. "Let me go." "No. You can't do this in front of the children. Your daughter is standing right there." He nodded over to where Rose was standing, half hidden behind Ginny, "Hermione, I know you're furious. I know he deserves whatever you planned on throwing at him, but you can't do it in front of your daughter." "I hate it when you're right, Malfoy," she said angrily. "I know, Hermione. Summon your Gryffindor courage, take your daughter's hand, and walk away with me right now." "Why should I go anywhere with you?" "You saved me once. Let me return the kindness." "Fine." She took her daughter's hand. Weasley was pleading with her to let him explain, but she ignored him. He tried to make a grab for her but Draco stepped in front of him to block her. He got up in Weasley's face. "Don't touch her," he ground out, low and dangerous, "I stopped her from hurting you for the sake of her daughter. I won't stop her again. I'll even help her next time." He turned and walked over to Hermione and her daughter, touched them both on the shoulder, and disapparated them all to his home. They materialized into the foyer of Spinner's End. "Where are we?" she asked as she took in her surroundings. The walls were cobalt and light gray striped. The floor, staircase, and entries leading to various parts of the house were all dark walnut. "Spinner's End, my home," he said. "You don't live at Malfoy Manor?" "No. I'll explain later. Come on. Let's get some lunch. I think your daughter may be hungry." He led them into the dining room. The room was done in a similar color scheme as the foyer, solid navy blue walls with silver vines climbing up the walls, walnut floors, gray leather chairs, and a lighter walnut table that looked like it could comfortably seat twenty. Large bay windows covered one wall and looked out onto the lawn. Plates and food were set waiting on the buffet along the other wall. "Expecting company?" Hermione asked. "No. Tansy must have seen us arrive," he responded. "Who is Tansy?" Hermione asked. "Welcome home, Master Draco. Did Master Scorpy get on the train okay?" the subject of her questions walked into the room. "Hello Tansy. Yes, he's off to school now. Tansy, this is Hermione and her daughter, Rose," Draco said to Tansy. "Hermione, Rose. This is Tansy." He introduced them to his house elf. Tansy looked like many of her kind, large eyes, large bat-like ears and gray skin. Unlike other house elves, she was wearing a bright pink tutu, leotard, and ballet slippers instead of a dishrag. "Hello, Tansy. It's nice to meet you," Hermione said. "Hello Mistress Hermione and Miss Rose. May I help Miss Rose get her lunch?" "It's just Hermione and Rose. No need for the miss and mistress…" "Good luck with that," Draco snorted. He had tried for years to get her to stop calling him Master. She always looked at him, said "Yes Master," then kept doing as she wanted. Hermione ignored him, "and yes, you can help Rose. Thank you." Tansy led Rose over to the buffet. He heard Rose speak for the first time. "Are you a ballerina? I like ballerinas. They're pretty and can dance pretty," she said. Tansy filled a plate for Rose and herself and sat down at the table together, eating and chattering away. Hermione watched them in fascination. He watched her, trying to gauge her reaction. She turned and looked up at him. "Your house elf is dressed like a ballerina." "She's free. She wears what she wants." "You…have a free house elf," she said incredulously. "I am not my father, Hermione. She also eats at the table with us as part of the family. She's family. I wouldn't have been able to manage the house and raise Scorpius after Astoria died without her help." "That's very progressive of you. I heard about your wife. I'm sorry for your loss." "Thank you. It was a very, long time ago. Come let's get some lunch and you can pepper me with all those questions I can see swimming around in that brain of yours." "I don't pepper.." "You do. You're not the brightest witch of our age because you waited around for people to volunteer information. Questions aren't a bad thing." They grabbed plates and filled them with salad and sandwiches. He held out a chair for her to the right of the head of the table. He sat down in his customary seat at the head. They ate in silence, listening to Rose and Tansy further down the table. "Why do you live here and not at the