A/N: This is meant to be a one-shot companion to my story "Finding Hermione." I started out writing "Finding Hermione" as a story that would alternate between the adults and their children. It just wasn't working though so I decided to scrap the idea. I was a little sad about it because we didn't get to see how James and Minerva ended up in Slytherin and became friends with the Baby Snakes and how James, Minerva, and Scorpius met Fred. Disclaimer: The rights to Harry Potter belong to JKR. This is meant to be a work of transformative fiction, based on her characters. I do not make any money from this work. Finding Hermione: One Shot The Silver Duo Meets the Baby Snakes Scorpius waved to his friends, the Baby Snakes, seated together around a table in the first years' compartment of the Hogwarts' train. He just needed a moment alone then he'd go back and socialize with his friends. A moment alone to miss his father, grandmother, and Tansy. He didn't want the first time the other students met him to be with him crying like a baby because he missed his daddy. He would never live that down. Malfoys didn't cry. Well, in public at least. He knew that he would have to be strong in the coming months until the other students got used to him. He knew that being a Malfoy wasn't going to be easy for him. Scorpius found an empty compartment at the back of the train. He closed the door behind him and looked out the window without really seeing any of the landscape around him. Just a few moments alone. That's all he needed. In a few moments he would go back out and be Scorpius Malfoy, the strong boy his father wanted him to be. Right now he just needed to be the boy that missed his father. He knew people were going to judge him based on the actions of his father. Not the actions of the man his father is. Not the Draco Malfoy that worked hard on the Wizengamot council to create a better world for their kind. Not the Draco Malfoy who created a new town for witches and wizards to live and raise their families in safety. No. That would be too much to expect. He would be judged based on the actions of the infamous boy his father was. The boy that bullied these children's parents. The boy that became a Death Eater at sixteen. No one would care that his father joined to save his grandmother. The fact that he joined at all doomed him in their eyes. He was also the boy that let Death Eaters into the school and tried to kill the headmaster. That is the image of Malfoy that these children and teachers will compare him to and will expect from him. The door to the compartment slid open and Scorpius sighed, irritated that his moment alone hadn't lasted longer. He pasted a welcoming smile on his face and turned to face the intruders. A pretty girl with curly red hair smiled at him from the doorway. Behind her was a black haired boy with glasses. "Do you mind if we join you? All the other seats are taken," the redheaded intruder asked. He couldn't very well deny them a place to sit. That wouldn't win him any friends or acceptance in the coming months. They seemed friendly enough. "No, please. I'm Scorpius Malfoy. What're your names?" Scorpius responded. "I'm Minerva Granger-Weasley and this is my cousin, James Potter," Minerva, the redhead, introduced them. Potter, Granger, and Weasley. Three names everyone in their world knew very well. These two children would be celebrities at school. They also had to know who he was. Draco Malfoy wasn't someone their parents could have failed to mention. "Yes, Harry Potter is my dad. Let's just get that out of the way now," said James, as he flopped down on the seat across from Scorpius. "Ignore him. He's overly proud of who his dad is. He thinks he'll get away with more by pointing that out," said Minerva, sitting down beside her cousin. "I will get away with more stuff. My dad is the Chosen One," James retorted, puffing out his chest in pride. "Was the Chosen One. And you have to stop acting like he won the war single-handed," Minerva said, rolling her eyes at her cousin. Scorpius looked back and forth between the two. This looked to be an ongoing argument between them. "My dad is Draco Malfoy. I think your dad and my dad used to hate each other in school but mine said they don't anymore," said Scorpius to James. "I thought so. Your hair is very distinctive. My mum says your dad seems like a nice man now," Minerva said. Scorpius felt a little shocked talking to the two of them. These were the type of children he expected to hate him instantly without bothering to get to know him. Maybe this year wouldn't be that bad after all. Scorpius was about to get up and ask the Baby Snakes to join them in the compartment when the door slid open again. He looked up hoping to find them standing in the doorway instead he found a tall, lanky redhead boy in the doorway. The boy sauntered into the compartment surveying the three occupants. He glared at Minerva with open malice. Scorpius wondered why the boy held such animosity toward Minerva. The boy looked at Scorpius and curled his lip as if he smelled something nasty. Scorpius braced himself. This was the sort of reaction he was expecting from the children his age. "I'm Fred Brown. I'm going to be in Gryffindor like my dad. Who are you three?" Fred said arrogantly. The three introduced themselves. Scorpius didn't really care for Fred and his arrogance but he tried to give him a chance. The boy's face contorted into a sneer when Minerva introduced herself. "Did you take too much hair growth serum or something? Your hair looks like you've been hit with an electrocution jinx," he said to Minerva. Minerva turned bright red at the boy's taunts. Forget trying to get along with this arrogant git. Scorpius didn't care for people who thought it was fine to taunt others for their differences. "And you Potter, the son of the Chosen One shouldn't be hanging around with Death Eater scum like him," Fred said gesturing at Scorpius, sneering at Scorpius as he called him Death Eater scum, "You should be pals with me. I'll introduce you to the right sort of people," Fred held his hand out to James. James crossed his arms over his chest and glared at Fred. "No thanks. I think I'll find the right sort on my own. Why don't you get out of here and pester someone else with your pleasurable company," James replied. Fred left the compartment and James got up to slam the door closed behind him. "What an insufferable git!" said James, "Don't listen to him Minnie. I love your hair. It's so wild and free." Scorpius had gone pale. "Thanks for defending me. You don't have to associate with me now if you don't want to. I'll understand. My dad said people might still hate him for what he did as a teenager and take it out on me." "Listen, mate. I don't care who your father was. You seem like a nice bloke and I don't see any reason we can't be friends," said James. Minerva nodded her agreement. "My mum said that we would be going to school with a few kids whose parents had been forced to be Death Eaters or whose grandparents were Death Eaters, but if they were nice to us then we should be nice to them and try to get along." Scorpius sighed at the easy acceptance of these two children. He left the compartment to go find his friends and bring them back to introduce them to his two new friends. The three other members of the Baby Snakes, the name their parents called their little group. He introduced his best mate to them first. "So our parents call us the Baby Snakes. They were the Snakes because they were all in Slytherin together and they thought it would be funny to call us the Baby Snakes. This is Drake Nott," he gestured to the boy standing beside him. Drake Nott was the tallest of the group and gangly. He had brown, close-cropped hair and aquamarine eyes. "This is Florence Zabini," Scorpius said, pointing out the short girl with skin the color of mocha and short, dark, curly hair and hazel eyes. Scorpius smiled at her and grinned wider when she smiled back at him. "And this is Hermione Goyle," he said, standing beside the stout girl with lank brown hair and a pug nose, "Guys, this is Minerva Granger-Weasley and James Potter." "Hermione. That's my mum's name. Hermione Granger," Minerva said to Hermione. Hermione sat down beside Minerva. "My dad named me after her. He really admired your mum. I prefer to be called 'Mione though." Florence sat beside Scorpius on the opposite side from 'Mione, Minerva, and James. Drake sat down with them on the other side of Florence. Scorpius held his hand open and Florence took it. Scorpius felt better at her touch. Some of the anxiety and sadness he had been feeling melted away. It had always been like that with her. Her smile, her touch always seemed to make any day better. Drake might have been his best mate, but Florence, she was special. His father had teased him about Florence over the years, calling her his girlfriend. She wasn't his girlfriend. She was Florence. Granted he got along better with her than with 'Mione but they'd all been friends since they were in diapers. Scorpius caught Minerva and James looking at him. "What?" he asked. "Ignore them," 'Mione said, "They're always like that, especially when one of them is upset about something. What's upset you, Scorpius?" "Fred Brown," Minerva said, not exactly true since he was upset before they walked in here but she wouldn't know that. She related the entire incident with Fred to the newcomers. Florence wrapped her arms around him and hugged him. "I'm okay now," he said to her, hugging her back. "Are you two together?" James asked. "No, we're just friends," Scorpius answered. "Drakey-poo and I are just friends. That doesn't mean we go around holding hands and snogging," 'Mione teased them. "We don't snog," Scorpius said, turning red at the thought. "How many times do I have to tell you not to call me Drakey-poo?" Drake drawled. "Oh, get over it Drake." 'Mione said. "So, you two aren't together?" Minerva asked. "My mum says I can't have boyfriends until I'm at least thirteen. My dad says forty-five, but mum just rolls her eyes when he says that." Boyfriends. The thought of Florence dating some other bloke did funny things to him. He didn't want to think about it now or why he was having the reaction he was having to the thought of her with someone else. The rest of the trip passed uneventfully. They gorged on candy from the trolley and ate sandwiches that Florence's mother packed for all of them, fortunately including extras. Finally, Hogwarts was close and it was time to change into their school robes. The train arrived at the Hogsmeade station. They all got off the train and followed the shouts of "First years, over here! First years!" The group walked up to the half giant their parents had told them so much about. "Hagrid!" called James and Minerva, excited to see the gamekeeper. "Well, I'll be. You're the spittin' image of your parents. You must be Draco Malfoy's son," said Hagrid. "I'm Scorpius. It's nice to meet you Hagrid." Scorpius held out his hand to