A/N I don't own anything Twilight related I just swim in the pool of Ms Meyers genius. I do own the plot and I hope you enjoy. "Isabella! Get your ass back here right now!" My father's strident yell followed me as I crossed our yard at a run. I didn't look back, just ran. I couldn't believe the argument we had just had. This was me, me! I never did anything to warrant being yelled at and compared to my sister I was the perfect child but now, now that had all changed. Now I was the troubled child, the child that my friends parents would point at and say to their teenager "See what happens when you don't listen!" Maybe I should back up a bit and explain how it came to this. My name is Isabella Marie Swan and I am eighteen years old. I live within the tiny town of Forks in Washington State with my dad Charlie- Chief of Police and Rosalie- my somewhat rebellious older sister. I attend Forks High school, I work at Newtons' camping store and I was on the fast track to being dux, going to college and doing everything my dad had planned out for me and until a year ago I was the model student /daughter /employee/sister/town citizen; that was until I met Edward Cullen. Two years my senior and what any sane parent would call a bad boy. I'm talking tattoos, piercings and a motorcycle. One year ago "So Bells what have we got planned for this weekend?" Alice Cullen, my fabulous best friend, practically bounced up and down in front of me. Her pretty hazel eyes shinning with unreserved excitement as she bounced around me. I laughed and said "Not sure Ali, what do you have planned for us?" Alice was like a pixie on crack, I had never met anyone with as much energy and enthusiasm as Alice until her parents moved here a year ago. That was until I met her older brother Emmett. It was totally weird to see someone as large as Emmett, seriously that guy has to be like twelve feet tall and built like two line-backers put together, bounce around like a toddler on a sugar high. Though since Emmett, who had just started college and was studying physiotherapy and kinesiology, met my sister they had been all lovey-dovey and kissy face and it made me want to throw up. I shook myself from my reverie and focused again on my best friend; she screwed her beautiful face into a grimace and said "I'm not allowed out this weekend. Jaz and I kinda got caught fooling around last night and my rents are freaking out. I'm like grounded for two whole weeks and I'm not allowed to be alone with Jasper at all." The tiny pout on her face at being caught had me laughing. I had never had a boyfriend so I'd never been 'caught' doing anything but the PDA's that Jasper and Alice exhibit at school had me a tad concerned over how quickly they had lost themselves in each other. Alice and I were the same age, seventeen, and Jasper was the same age as Rosalie, eighteen, but Alice was certain that they were soul mates and I knew from experience that Alice was rarely ever wrong. I laughed at her upset look and said "So you need me to, what, fill the void?" I giggled, barely containing the outburst of mirth I was feeling. Alice slapped my arm daintily and said "There is no void, Isabella. I just wanna hang with my besty, if that's not too much trouble. And with Edward coming home I wanna be as occupied as I can be." Her voice had dropped into a whisper and I had to strain to hear her. I was a tad confused to say the least; I had no idea who Edward was "Um, Ali, who is Edward?" Alice frowned and said "My brother. I mean I try not to say that because he is so totally argh!" I raised an eyebrow in question but it was ruined by the confused frown I could feel creasing my forehead. But my confusion got ignored by Alice as Jasper and Rosalie came walking up; Alice ignored Rose and launched herself at Jasper. Rose rolled her eyes and smiling at me said "So I take it you're not hanging out at home this weekend? What with the prodigal son returning, Alice is gonna need lots of distraction." Alice pulled her face from Jasper's with a sucking noise like a drain being unstoppered and said "For fuck's sake is there nothing that my dumbass brother doesn't tell you?" I gasped at Alice's language, I wasn't big on cussing, but it was Jasper who said "Ali, honey that's a little harsh don't you think?" his southern accent lilting out between the two girls either side of him. His accent became thicker when he was upset, I had noticed, but now there was something sharper behind it. I guess he knew this Edward that they were talking about. He had been friends with Emmett since a student exchange thing when they were little. The tense silence between Rose and Alice lengthened and I couldn't take it any longer. I pulled on Rose's arm and started backing away from them, I saw Alice's eyes go wide as she focused behind me but I just wanted to avoid a fight so I kept backing away, dragging Rose with me. I smiled at Alice and said "I'll be there tonight just to dissolve some tension" I expected her to laugh but she didn't. I figured I'd ignore it and ask about it later. I swung around, away from Alice, and ran straight smack bang into a solid wall of muscular male. I threw out my hands to grab onto something to stop my clumsy self from hitting the dirty corridor floor. I grabbed onto the closest thing, which just so happened to be the soft supple leather of the man I'd run into. Once I realised he wasn't letting me fall I looked up into his face and fell into the most delicious emerald eyes I had ever seen. I heard myself gasp but that was the only sound I could make. The guy in front of me was too beautiful, I mean almost painfully beautiful. His cheeks and chin covered in auburn stubble and his hair looked like Johnny Depps' in Cry Baby, kinda slicked back but not so dated as that fifties style. I could feel one of his arms wrapped around my body; the heat of it radiated throughout my stunned body, holding me close, his other hand held a motorcycle helmet. A throat clearing behind me had me blushing bright red and scrambling away from the stranger before me. I glanced around and noticed that we had drawn on-lookers which made the heat in my face almost unbearable, I didn't look directly at the man before me but I said "Oh my goodness I am so sorry. Please excuse me" before finally getting the courage to look up into his face again. There was a smirk plastered across his handsome features that unsettled my heart rate all over again, his eyes roamed my body in one languid sweep before he said "Forget it peaches. Ali, you ready to go?" Alice looked horrified at what had happened but she recovered enough to say "Sure thing Ed, just give me a sec to say goodbye." She turned her back on us gave Jaz a quick lip lock than turned back to me; Alice and I rarely had to tell one another what we were thinking , we could practically read each others minds, she smiled kind of sadly and said "Tonight. I promise." I nodded gave her a quick hug than watched her leave with the real life Adonis. Jaz and Rose were whispering fiercely beside me and from what I could gather it wasn't an all together good thing that Edward Cullen was here in Forks; my brain registered their unease but my body was still tingling from the feel of his arm wrapped around me and for a second I allowed myself the luxury of imagining kissing that handsome god. My heart rate sped up and I could feel this weird weighty heat in my lower stomach and my breasts tingled and my nipples peaked under my sensible cotton bra. Embarrassed to think that either of the people standing with me or maybe someone walking past could see my arousal made colour heat my cheeks again so I tapped Rose on the shoulder and said "I'm gonna go wait in the car. Jaz, I'll see you later." I waved distractedly before walking off down the corridor in a daze. I found myself in a daze all afternoon and for the life of me I couldn't concentrate on anything other than going to Alice's that night, I really wanted to see Edward again and find out why Alice had kept him such a secret. I felt almost drunk with anticipation as Rose drove me towards the Cullen's remote house she was going to see Emmett who was home for the weekend and I always had trouble finding the turn off to their house because unless you knew it was there you'd miss it, I tended to miss it. Rose, as always looked like a supermodel; her long blonde hair, curled at the ends, and hung to the top of her butt. Her figure was one to be envious of and it made me feel even more inadequate than I already did. She has gorgeous blue eyes and a pout that put Angelina Jolie to shame and legs that didn't quit. Me, on the other hand, I was plain. My hair hangs to pretty much the same place as Rose's but it was a dull brown; I had no figure to speak of, I mean I was well proportioned and my skin had a pale lustre to it the people commented on but next to Rose I felt, not ugly but more unnoticeable. We pulled onto the driveway of the Cullen 'house' I use the term loosely because their house was three storeys of glass and wood and was absolutely huge. Our house was really nice but compared to the Cullen house it was a shack. Alice's parents were awesomely nice people; Doctor Carlisle Cullen, Alice's dad, was chief surgeon in Port Angeles, Mrs Esme Cullen, Alice's mum, was an interior decorator and had some amazingly wealthy and famous people in her rolodex but she was the Mrs Clever type mum. Always cooking and baking and hovering trying to attend to our every need. It made me miss my mum who had died in a car wreck when I was ten. It had been seven years but I missed her almost as much today as I had in the days following her death. As Rose pulled to a stop in front of the house I noticed the most gorgeous motorcycle I had ever seen. An old fashioned Harley Davidson, all black shiny metal and paint. I was too busy looking at the bike to pay attention to what was happening in the house but a screeching noise followed by a shattering sound had my full attention focusing on the house. Rose and I shot one another questioning glances before I followed her up the front stairs. We didn't bother knocking because Esme had yelled at us for not just walking in; we walked into the foyer and we could hear the screaming louder now and it took me a second to recognise Alice's voice as it reached a pitch I hadn't even heard before "Fuck you Edward! You're a prick if you think that's going to make up for everything." I expected to hear Esme or Carlisle's voice raised in reprimand at her