A/N: Alright, so Part Three! I'm excited, are you excited? If you aren't than you should be. Melomir continues into The Return of the King. If you're reading this note and wondering "Melomir? What the heck is a Melomir?" please stop now and read Parts One and Two before continuing. And I'd like to go ahead and give a nice hearty shout-out to JRR Tolkien and Peter Jackson and anyone else who might have been somehow involved in the making of the epicness that is Lord of the Rings and might want to sue me later. You guys are the best and none of this would be possible without you. And if you still plan on suing, knock yourselves out, I've got nothing to give you. Changing History: Second Chances Chapter 1 There were so many. Faramir threw himself from one battle to the next, desperate to hold the city of Osgiliath against the onslaught of orcs from Mordor. If he lost this city, Gondor lost its last stronghold along the river. Nothing would stand between Mordor and Minas Tirith. So he fought with everything he had and his men followed, rallying only to fall back, over and over. He was tired. They were all tired. They had been fighting too long. Faramir fought against the despair he could feel trying to wrap around his heart. Help will come… he repeated, like a silent prayer. We must hold and help will come… The sun rose higher in the sky, but it was weak, covered by a growing darkness boiling out of the east. The orcs relished in the dim light and pressed further, pushing back the Ithilien Rangers bit by bit. Faramir fought until he was overwhelmed and retreated toward a small alcove. He hoped to funnel the orcs, forcing them to face him one at a time, but when he passed through the stone archway, he saw that the alcove was already occupied. "Faramir!" Madril shouted in warning. Faramir threw himself to the side. The small knot of archers made quick work of the group of orcs pursuing him and finally they had a few precious moments to breathe and assess the situation. Faramir knew that it was grim. "We can't hold them," Madril said, ever the pragmatist, "The city is lost." Faramir knew. He couldn't win this battle. They were too few. They had nothing left… And then he heard the horn sound. Mel's heart pounded in her chest, matching her horse's frantic gallop stride for stride as she and Boromir raced toward Osgiliath. Boromir let out three more short blasts on his horn and then drew his sword. Mel did the same, suddenly realizing (a little too late) that this was nothing like fighting on her own two feet. She felt unstable and clumsy on the back of her galloping horse. She had just enough time to think that this might be a problem before they were clattering through the city streets. Their running horses caught a few orcs by surprise, trampling them underfoot, but it only took a few minutes for the others to figure out what was happening and face the new threat. Boromir leapt into the battle with abandon, hacking away at orc after orc, using the height the horse provided to his advantage. Mel followed after him, striking clumsily at any foul, black thing that came within arm's reach. She searched her thoughts for any trees in the immediate vicinity that might be some kind of help, but all she found were charred remains and sickened shrubs. Her heart ached, but she didn't have the time or the strength to do anything for them. She was too worried about keeping herself and Boromir alive. Boromir was doing almost nothing to help her out. He plunged deeper into the thickening bands of orcs as the pile of dead grew all around them. Mel glanced around frantically. Where was Faramir? Where were the Ithilien Rangers? Had they waited too long? Had the men already abandoned the city? Had they just run into a death trap? Mel was starting to think that maybe now would be a good time to bring up the idea of retreat, when something whistled past her ear. She turned in time to see an orc go down with an arrow in his eye. "For Gondor! For the White Tower!" More arrows flew and as the orcs fell, a group of men in armor swarmed out of the stonework, fighting furiously toward them. Mel had just enough time to feel a surge of excitement and relief… And then her horse went down. An orc caught the two front legs of her mare and cut them out from under her. The horse's scream echoed with her own as she just managed to kick out of her stirrups and throw herself from the saddle before the poor creature fell. Mel rolled to her feet, sword still in hand, and just missed being decapitated. She slit the throat of the attacking orc as payback, but now she was lost in a sea of black and silver, dark skin and metal clashing together. She could still see Boromir on his horse, but he was on the other side of the skirmish. He hadn't even noticed that she was down yet. She took one step toward him and had to throw up her sword and gut another orc. They were everywhere. Each step she took was a battle. The ground was littered with pieces of armor and the bodies of men and orcs. She had managed three steps, when she heard a growl behind her. She whirled, but too late. The orc had his sword pulled back to strike, an ugly smile on his dirty face, and Mel had just enough time to realize she was about to die. Then a sword swung from behind the orc and took his head right off. Blood gushed everywhere, covering Mel in black splatter and she didn't even care. She just couldn't believe she was still breathing. The man who had saved her caught her eye. Sharp nose, shoulder length dark hair, stone gray eyes... Familiar stone gray eyes... Faramir. Mel knew it was Faramir the way she knew the earth was round. She just knew. The eyes were the biggest clue really, Boromir's eyes set in a different face. Different, yet slightly the same as only siblings can be. For a fraction of a second they stared at each other, Faramir looking as shocked to see her as she felt to see him. Then Boromir shouted her name. "Melody!" He sounded panicked. Mel glanced over her shoulder and saw him frantically searching the courtyard. The orcs had been chased out, probably on their way to get reinforcements. She turned back to Faramir and grinned at his bewildered face. "Thanks!" she blurted out, before turning to shove her way through the crowd of men between her and Boromir. "Here!" she shouted, waving a hand in the air, "I'm right here!" He jumped from his horse to meet her, grabbing her arms tightly, his eyes frantic. "I told you to stay right beside me! What part of that was unclear?" "Oh, I'm sorry," Mel snapped, "Next time an orc cuts the legs off my horse , I'll make sure he has your permission first!" Boromir took a deep breath and let go of her arms. "I don't have time for this. We need to mobilize our forces so we can strike with precision, use the southern and eastern exits to drive the orcs out of the city. I need to find Faramir." He turned away from her, searching the crowd of men. It took a minute for Mel to process what she was hearing. It didn't make sense. What was he talking about, drive out the orcs? The orcs were embedded in this city like a really bad case of termites. And when she looked around her, all she saw was exhaustion. These men had been fighting for days, some for weeks. Sure, their eyes were bright with adrenaline now, but pretty soon they were all gonna crash hard. And Boromir was talking about fighting? "Boromir," Mel said, gently, quietly, so no one else would hear, "I told you, the city's gone. You can't save it. Let's just get these guys..." But Boromir whirled on her, his eyes flashing. "I have saved this city from the forces of Mordor many times before. I will not allow it to fall now!" "Brother…" They both turned. Faramir had come up behind them and neither of them had noticed. "Can you not see the men are weary?" Faramir asked, his own tiredness plain on his haggard face, "We have fought for many days and nights to keep this city. Perhaps we should pull back while we have strength left; use our men to defend Minas Tirith…" "If we hold Osgiliath, we hold the road to Minas Tirith," Boromir insisted, "There will be no need to defend the White Tower if no enemy is able to cross the river and reach its gates." "But, Boromir-" Mel tried again, but he cut her off with a burning glare. "I will not abandon this city! We will hold!" He stormed off, leaving Mel and Faramir staring after him. Mel had seen that look before and it frightened her. There was no talking him out of it. He was determined. Mel turned to Faramir, trying to keep the edge of desperation out of her voice. "You can sound the retreat." Faramir shook his head, dazed, still staring after his brother. "Boromir is the Captain of the White Tower, the men listen to him…" "Faramir, these are your men, they'll listen to you!" Mel insisted, "You're the one who's been fighting with them all this time, the one they've shared stories with around campfires, who knows how tired they are. They know you. All you have to do is give the order and they will follow you." Faramir was staring at her now with that same dazed look. "Who are you?" he murmured. Mel couldn't help it. She laughed, feeling a little bit of hysteria creeping in. She shoved it down. "That is a very long story, and I promise I'll tell you as much of it as I can once we're safe and sound behind the gates of Minas Tirith." She reached out and almost put a hand on his arm, but at the last minute she hesitated and dropped it. "Please Faramir," she said, her voice shaking a little, "I know you don't know me, but I can't lose him again." He opened his mouth to reply… A loud screech tore the air above them and everything stopped. A cold, dripping dread trickled down Mel's spine, vaguely familiar, and she was taken back to the banks of the Anduin, on a cool night beneath stars blotted out by a dark shadow. She swallowed and forced her eyes skyward. A giant creature, a cross between a dragon and an eel, rose into the air with one mighty pulse of its leathery wings and then turned, swooping down toward the courtyard. The men scattered. Faramir grabbed Mel and jerked her behind a stone column just as the thing made a grab for the ground. Several men were caught in its claws and tossed aside like rag dolls to lie crumpled on the stones. Mel's mind slowly worked through her paralyzing terror toward her first coherent thought of the last five minutes. Nazgul… The winged Nazgul took to the sky and slowly curved around, coming back for a second pass. Faramir pulled her from behind the pillar, shouting across the courtyard as Mel was dragged helplessly behind him. "Fall back! Fall back to Minas Tirith! Retreat!" Like a rock dropped in a still pond, men heard the call and echoed it out to their friends, who in turn called it out to their friends until the calls of retreat filled