A/N: On my third fic I'd like to veer away from my usual THG-driven storyline and sappy stuff and turn Modern-Day AU. Adult situations; this has bad all over it: bad violence, bad language, bad alcohol, bad romance (hehe jokes), sexytimes, and rock & roll. Everlark-centric; fluff will be incorporated. Rated M, so no little ones! I'd like to summon Gale, Cato, Johanna and the rest of the gang into the party. The Hunger Games are not mine, they're Suzanne's. Say "epinephrine" ten times fast. Another meeting with the boss adjourned. Another task assigned to accomplish. He tries to convince himself that it's not that bad. It's definitely something to fill up his afternoon. He begins to wonder, in between thoughts of grabbing a quick bite to eat for lunch and nagging threats that his life may be ending in a flash at any minute, if he is the favourite. Or if there is another one just like him out there in the field. He carelessly lugs a heavy briefcase in his hand and blends in with the crowd milling on the sidewalks of downtown Corpus Christi. Peeta recalls Cato's cold hand insistent of a courtesy shake earlier that day before the tapping of his shoes echoed throughout the musty, abandoned warehouse that Cato likes to call his 'office'. It was rough when Peeta first acquired the job. He found himself trapped in a sketchy area of Lexington, Kentucky, being robbed in a garbage-filled alleyway at gun point. The robber's blood-shot eyes could barely keep open as he staggered through his steps, hands wavering as he approached Peeta with a pointed gun. Peeta had his arms up in mid air, eyes darting sideways to see if he could use something to knock the guy out with, and even attempted talking some sense into the robber. "No! Give me your phone...and your wallet. Cash! Give me cash now!" the robber gestured at the white wire sticking out from his jacket, connecting up to one of his ears. Peeta realized he hadn't blinked since the robber pulled out a gun as he took a step backward, his leg slightly bumping against a box on the ground behind him. The robber closed in on Peeta and started to reach for whatever he could dig out from his pocket, and without thinking twice, Peeta picked up an old baseball bat sticking out of the box and clumsily bashed half the robber's head in. Peeta jumped after the gun as it flew off the man's grasp, astonished that the robber was still standing on his feet, staring him in the eye and giving him a smirk. Peeta picked up the gun on the ground and leaped towards a hanging retractable set of stairs by a huge garbage bin, the robber now furious and gaining in on him. As he felt the robber's hand almost clawing at his collar trying to drag him down, he turned around and extended his arm that was holding the gun. He ultimately pulled the trigger and shot the robber in the middle of the forehead while he was still perched and swaying on the third step of the stairs. A man suddenly appeared from a corner, looking impressed, smiling while shaking his head slightly. "Hey man, nice shot," he said as he approached Peeta. "But you've opened yourself a can of worms there, prettyboy." Peeta was still clutching on to the hanging stair steps, dropping the gun in disgust, breaths heavy and sweating profusely. He finally let loose and landed on his feet, darting looks between the tall, blonde man walking towards him and the gun below him, emitting steam. "I personally know the head of the mob this man worked for, so here's what I'm going to do..." the man stopped until the tip of his freshly-polished shoe touched the dead robber's outstretched arm on the ground. "I will ask for a pardon on your behalf, and in turn you have to work for me. You will be immuned. Protected." Peeta stood frozen, caught up in harrowing thoughts of survival and the rest of his life in general; if he managed to get out of the backstreet alive. His heart was beating in his ear. He was displeased at the condition laid out in front of him, but felt he was running out of options, as if he had much to begin with. The man reached into his pocket and pulled out a handkerchief, handing it over to Peeta, gesturing that his he should wipe his face clean. He had small splatters of blood on his face. "I hope you like Texas." And that's how Peeta Mellark met Cato Thorpe. The infant stage of their working relationship was unstable at best, due to constant clashing of two strong personalities. Sometimes their conversations would end with beat downs on each other rather than conclusions, a result of two stubborn heads colliding. Peeta tends to disobey instructions and goes on instinct, it hooks him into trouble and it sends Cato in a state. But after a day's work, Peeta finishes the task efficiently. In time, through high hell and tribulations they have gained respect for each other. Cato has invited him over a couple of times to his mansion for dinner as they discussed details of a major assignment. And Cato is not the type to just invite anybody over to have a meal with him, especially if he cooked it himself. They went on plenty of unsuccessful fishing trips together, and sipped expensive wine on foldable chairs by the pier. Peeta's cut on the operations is way more generous than he'd normally expect. Cato is his boss, and somewhere along the way he has become his friend. Peeta shakes out of his reverie and turns on a corner, kicking through a rusty door of a dilapidated building. He whistles as he rolls up the stairs, the sound of his footsteps reverberating off the tight walls. He reaches the top floor and opens another set of stairs and a door that leads to the rooftop. "Hello, Texas," he says out loud, mostly to himself as he stretches before he opens the suitcase he placed on the floor. While setting up equipment, he begins to hear static in his left ear. His hand flies up and adjusts the setting of the earpiece while the other tries to click hardware pieces together. His sequences are fluid, almost like second skin to him. The static continues, and then the sound clears out into a low steady hum. "Hello, sweet pea," a voice buzzes through the miniscule ear device. Peeta snorts, securing the tiny microphone clipped to his breast pocket. He leans his mouth into it. "Shove it, Gale." Gale chuckles like a drunk on the other line as he waits for Peeta to settle down. "Any interesting sights up there? Do share. And be descriptive. I'm dying here." "Bro, I'm five floors off the ground. I can't look down into women's necklines from here," Peeta rests his rifle on a stand, and as a final touch, attaches his brand new gun scope on the top. "What am I, Cyclops?" "Bro, Cyclops shoots lasers from his shades." "Yeah that one," Peeta pauses to grab a cigarette stick from his pocket and sticks it in his mouth before he lights it. "Besides, you're the one with all the high-tech visuals, nerd," he mumbles as he tries to balance the stick between his lips. Gale has a wide smirk as he shifts around in the back of a tinted van, about four streets away and parallel to the building Peeta is currently located in. He is surrounded by boxes of machines mounted on top of each other, knobs and buttons randomly blinking in yellow and green. There is a laptop on the seat beside him, showing a live video feed of Peeta on the rooftop, kneeling on the ground, poised over the rifle. "Nice buns," Gale comments as he zooms in and out of the screen. Peeta is growing impatient as he waits for instructions. "Gale, I swear to-" Gale's tone is suddenly serious as he clears his throat, the tone he usually reserves for when he has officially clocked in to work. He begins to type on the keyboard, the mere motions of his finger on the touchpad directing the motions of a camera that is pointed on a street corner somewhere below Peeta. "We got your guy. On his way out of Hall Avenue," Gale says into the microphone. Peeta is along McBride Lane, adjacent to Hall. He puts an eye behind the gun scope, and slowly moves the rifle around when he realizes he can't spot his target. There are too many people walking around, which makes the operation more exhilirating for him. He takes a long hit of his cigarette and blows smoke right into the scope. "Give me stats," Peeta says. "Blue hat under black hooded sweater. Very tall," Gale describes away as he has an opened folder on his lap, full of papers and black and white photos of the target. He is switching his focus back and forth between the screen and the papers and confirms. Peeta lets out another round of smoke through his mouth, and right in the middle of the red crosshair on the screen of his scope, closes in on the target. The man is walking in quick strides, both hands shoved into his pockets. He suddenly stops, as if alerted, his head swinging upwards and side to side. "I'm taking out the garbage," Peeta locks the crosshair in the middle of the man's chest, holds his breath as he winces into the scope, and pulls the trigger. It takes a couple of seconds before he moves away from the rifle and lifts up the cigarette to his mouth again, blowing big puffs of smoke that clouds over his own head as he starts to dismantle his weapon. Katniss is still in her black blazer and black pencil skirt, the heels of her black pumps clicking against the parking lot of her mother's apartment, followed by a pair of two smaller feet struggling to keep pace with her. Trying to blend in quicker and growing more familiar in a new city, she is relieved she was able to find a decent job right away, in the financial district of downtown area. She fancied a small, white bungalow in the suburbs with white picket fence and two-car garage, and relentlessly pursued after it. It is her first residential property, and ended up spending more money than she had originally planned on its aesthetics and most appliances. It is located in a quiet neighbourhood with mostly seniors and big families, two huge parks beside the grade school, a daycare across the street from the school, and an abundance of grocery stores a short car drive away. She almost kicks the door down when she opens it, one of her hands occupied with keeping a tight grip on her daughter's and the other holding a small pink duffel bag. "Mom! We're here," she yells into the living room. Mrs. Everdeen is sitting on the couch watching TV, her hands fiddling with her hair trying to tie it into a bun. She works dayshift in one of the local hospitals as a registered nurse, and has no plans of retiring anytime soon. "You know, there's nothing wrong with knocking on the door," she stands up and approaches them, bending over with wide open arms as the little girl in pig tails hops her way towards her grandmother. She greets her and kisses her cheek, her smile almost exactly duplicating Katniss'. "Little Willow here has a little present for you," Katniss says as she leaves her shoes dumped carelessly by the door. She ventures to the kitchen with the duffel bag and places it on the island counter, pulling out grocery bags. "She made it in the daycare today. Do you