AN... OPENING (?) NOTE Ehm. This is my first fanfic i'd written. Well, i wrote it last year and cause of my circumstances i got to forget about this story. And just around a month ago i found the draft, and i thought it'd be a waste if i left it as be. So i worked on it once again and changed so many things. Though the word and grammar still as bad as ever -_- I know this theme is kinda out of date, but... Yeah just like what i said, would be such a waste to leave it untouched. FYI, i have continued this story to a long after story of them. Do you get what i mean? :D So, i hope you still read the story. And sorry for the characters that maybe so OOC.. I'm just a beginner as writer. Oh, and i wrote this story in my native language, so need a time to be translated.. ^^ Hope you enjoy it, and.. Please REVIEW ❤ First Day in Infirmary ~NICO~ "So, what is that?" Nico stared at Will shockingly, with eyes pupil widened. He scratched the ground with his shoetip, "what do you mean?" Though it's not too explicit, Nico's sure that Will had just sniffed. Okay, actually not the snuffle which was the problem. The head counsellor of Apollo cabin seem annoyed bout something, but Nico couldn't understand why. No matter what, he still felt agitated and he didn't like to feel that way toward Will-or anyone-because that's unnecessary. "C'mon," Will revolved his eyes, " what were you talking to Percy, till he made that kind of face?" Nico clucked, he realized Will had skipped Annabeth's name. Well, he just felt it's weird. Even so, Nico tried to answer casually-which contrary with his heart. He shrugged, "what's your business Solace?" "My business? Ok, You're right it's not my business, but I intend to know, Death Boy". "I've told you, don't you ever call me that!" "So, What do you want me to call?" Will grinned widely, "angel?" "Wh-what?" Without touching it, Nico knew his face had heated up, "oh, shut up Solace!" The teenager front of him laughed, with unnoticeable movement Will had taken Nico's wrist and pulled him. From the part their body touching, Nico felt a hot steam blew up. Soon, an electric shock was spreading on his back, and he jerked his hand off. "Why-why did you pull me?" Nico stuttered. Ugh, how hi hated it when his voice sounded unstable. Will Solace lifted his eyebrow, "to took you to infirmary. Remember, you had agreed to stay," he winked. That Sunny Boy was really annoying. Yah.. It didn't mean Nico hated him, in fact he liked Will enough. Uh! For heaven's sake, what he was just thinking? Nico took a deep breath and exhaled loudly, "alright.. Let's go" Before Will able to put an arm in his shoulder, Nico gave him an evil glared, " but without the touchy-things!" ~WILL~ Will Solace stole a look at the boy who was walking one step aside from him. Seriously, did Nico has to walk that far? Will knew the problem wasn't about him, but still, he felt like a walking bacteria. Something needed to be avoided. "Do you have to walk that far?" Told Will. He tried to cover his disappointment with cheerful tone. "What?" Asked Nico confusedly. "Does my word isn't clear enough?" Will sighed excessively. He couldn't bear it anymore. The Hades's son was kept people away to much. In a swift moved, Will leaned closer and embraced Nico's shoulder, not paying any attention on his deathly glare. Will admitted that he preferred a possibility to be killed by now-which he knew impossible-than spending time with invisible walk between them. "Hey, I just wanna help you moving faster". "I don't need your help!" "Uh. What a shame". "Not letting me go?" Will gave a light glance when Nico said those words. He shrugged then showed his best smile ever. "No. You don't need my help? Sure, it's fine. So, i'll think about it again. Hm... I just-wanna stay close with you?" For a while Will didn't get any response. So he looked beside and found Nico looking at him. Strangely, he could see various feeling crossed over Nico's dark eyes. Shocked, confused, and ... Shy? "Eh-oh.." Nico turned his gaze away and stared at ground. He was mumbling unspecifically. To hear it, the Son of Apollo grinned widely. And that grin came even bigger when he saw tip of Nico's ears reddened. Will laughed quietly, who'd guess the Son of Death God could be so adorable? ~NICO~ 'Eh-oh..'? Eh. OH ?! Shit. Nico really, extremely wanted to bury himself or did shadow travelling somewhere. Couldn't he give a better answer? It's not like he didn't want to, it just ... It looked like his brain has suddenly stacked. Nico was able to hear his own heart pound, and his tongue went numb. Came to your sense NICO! He's just Will SOLACE! "-co? Nico?" Hearing his name was being called, Nico immediately looked up. He found Will Solace was staring at him with a little smile there. "What?" "For heaven's sake, Nico! You didn't hear me at all, did you?" Will made move liked he's disappointed. What did that mean? "We are here!" "Eh?" Of course, Nico felt surprised bout this small information. He changed view to the front-Nico thought his neck was cracking when he did that-and discovered the infirmary door. Once again Nico cursed in. If only he hadn't been busy looking at the ground, he'd have definitely realized that they had arrived. OH. Nico glanced at the back of shoulder and saw Will's arm still hung on there comfortably. He pushed Will's shoulder till there was enough gap among them. Made the blond's arm falling back to its side. Felt Will's arm disappeared, Nico sighed out of relieved. Although in other side he knew he was upset and he wasn't happy at all with that fact. "You right. We have arrived. Let go of me," said Nico without giving a look at Will. Just a single glance and didn't know how, he thought he seeing and upset expression on Will's face. But, in a blink of eyes that expression was gone, and Nico realized maybe it was only his hallucination. The first thing came to Nico's mind when he stepped in infirmary was how big that place was. It almost as big as the dining hall and the way goods were arranged made the room felt even wider. "Eh?" Nico shouted when he looked a transparent glass in right wall waving and showing a picture which always changed. Now he convinced that the room was full of magic-which the reason why infirmary room felt warmer and brighter-but, although he was impressed,there's an uncomfortable feeling settled in. Nico who has been familiar in darkness and shadow, in fact felt strange in the warm place. So hot. Just like Apollo things, bursted Nico. "Nico?" Sound of Will brought Nico back to reality, and he turned. Oh My God, when did that sunshine boy arrive in the back of room? He shook his head powerfully. These few days he was likely daydreaming all the time. If it's counted, how many times had Nico stolen by Will? He didn't fine by it at all. Yea.. It felt like so many things confusing, when he's together with Will, to many contradiction. Moreover, Nico had just realized, since when did Will call him only by 'Nico' ? "Why the hell you have got there?" Asked Nico right after he came to Will. "Hm?" Will chuckled, "you must have realized if only you weren't to busy spacing out". Ugh. He's really spacing out too much lately. Nico turned his attention to place he'd stay for 3 days. His bedstead places in the back of the room, on corner where people not likely passing by often. He knew even though every bes was separated by curtain, he wouldn't like a bed on center-not to think if he was surrounded among two sick demigod-which always cramped. "I think I think you wouldn't like a bed in the center. So I choose it here. How?" Nico lifted his eyebrow. Did Will just read his mind? "Great-i mean corner is better". Will still locked an eyes on his. "Err.. Thanks ..?" Said Nico hesitantly. "Welcome". Will voice sounded so gentle in Nico's ears, almost as soft as bed's cover which he's sat on. He was watching Will dragged a chair and sat right across Nico. The son of Apollo stared deeply, with an ignorant smile. Uh, his gaze made Nico nervous. "What?" "What?" Asked Will back. "Why looked at me like that?" Even Nico himself could feel the rocky tone from his question. He hoped Will wouldn't be bothered with his attitude. Ah. Why does he have to care? "Oh my.. Nico," Will bursted out a laugh half sniff sound. "Do you need to act that way toward everyone?" Act what way? "Acted like everyone's going to stab you in the back, betray you. When you know it wasn't even close to the truth," continued Will. Had Will seriously read what's inside Nico's mind? No, that's not possible. But, still.. He couldn't understand why. Will often said a thin that relevant with his thoughts. "I didn't do it". "Yes! You just did it, Death Boy!" "No!" "Oh, you want me to imitate you? Alright. Here it is," Will uplifted his chin and stared at Nico with eyes sharpen. "'Why you looked at me so intense, Sunshine?' You said it like that" Will's expression changed humorous, and winked. Well, he's due to feel annoyed by Will, but he couldn't stop himself to feel amused either. A moment, his laugh bursted out loud. Nico barely remember the last time he laughed like this-maybe before the death of Bianca?-. He punched Will shoulder playfully, "no, I didn't say it the way you did". "Hm.. Maybe not exactly the same, but basically like that". Nico revolved his eyes,"do I actually ever called you Sunshine? You're too much into yourself". "Hey, i'm son of Apollo.. It's only natural if i'm full of confident". "Okay, okay.. Whatsoever Solace". "FYI, my name came from word 'solar', so 'sunshine' is not a mistake", Will made a commas in air. Again, thus people was able to bring out amused feeling from deep inside Nico. Maybe Will's presence wasn't something bad-though it's hard dealing with his 'light'-at least. ~WILL~ Will stared at the boy in front of him intensely. He had realized how pale Nico was, but seeing it under the light which came through the window only made him looked even paler. Deathly pale. As a physicians, that was making Will worried. He couldn't look over Nico's eye bag too. The color was too dark to say it's normal. How long had Nico been since last time he slept properly? "Hey, Nico", calls Will. The boy jerked a little before turned head. "Said, have you eaten? Breakfast?" Nico wasn't answering right away, and Will knew he felt restless. Nico rolled his skull ring again and again, like trying to make up his mind. For Apollo's sake, Will really wanted to know what's in Nico's mind. That black-haired boy barely talked,even after Will had made some kind of ridiculous joke. Huh. "Not yet". "What?", Will asked once again. "I haven't eaten yet", answered Nico without looking at Will. Making Will wanted to eat him up, ugh. "Seriously, Nico?! It's almost 10.30 am now! Only two hours before lunch". "Just make it as once then". "No. No way. You must it", in a blink of eyes, Will stood up and walked. "Don't go anywhere. I'm serious, doctor's order!" Before he stepped out, Will took a look behind and saw Nico was exhaling in relief. What the hell that was supposed to mean? Apparently, taking plates of food and fruit needed a