Birnam Wood by Inkling The Ents' part in the story is due, I think, to my bitter disappointment and disgust from schooldays with the shabby use made in Shakespeare of the coming of 'Great Birnam wood to high Dunsinane hill': I longed to devise a setting in which the trees might really march to war. – J.R.R. Tolkien, in a letter to W.H. Auden Who can impress the forest, bid the tree Unfix his earth-bound root? – Macbeth The young man stretched wearily, sweat trickling down his face despite the chill air. A halt had been ordered and he welcomed the respite, however brief. They had been marching with all possible speed since crossing the border from Northumberland, so eager were Malcolm and the English lord to press on to Dunsinane. But an army of ten thousand lacks the wings of its leaders' ambitions, and progress was slow. He pushed a shock of tangled red hair out of his eyes and peered uneasily at the dark smudge on the horizon, knowing full well what it signified. That band of trees, with the Grampian wall rearing up behind it under a leaden sky, marked the edge of Macbeth's lands. Menteith, the captain of his company, cantered up and reined his horse sharply. "Hoy! You there, Dougan! What is that forest yonder?" "That is Birnam Wood, m'laird." The youth was careful to keep his voice neutral, suppressing the surge of dread that rose in his craw at the very utterance of those words. "Birnam Wood, is it? Fair news indeed, lad! Our journey's end draws nigh—and with it, God willing, the foul traitor's end as well!" As they marched on, the smudge growing ever larger and more ominous in his thoughts and vision alike, Dougan silently cursed the unhappy chance that had seen him pressed into service as a guide for the invaders. For he had grown up in this land, knew every hillock and hollow, every goat track through the hills, all approaches to the castle. Even, though he was loathe to contemplate it, the way through the forest itself. And try as he might to fight them off, the memories came, unbidden and unwelcome. >>> He was a boy of ten summers again, treading once more the dark paths of Birnam Wood… As the youngest in a family with five sons and no daughters, it fell always to him to do the chores the others disdained, his brothers preferring to fish and hunt, leaving him to help with the cooking and gathering of berries and firewood. There was wood a-plenty to be had deep in the forest, where the trees strove against each other, choked with old growth and dead branches. He had been well schooled by his grandfather never to cut so much as a twig from living tree, but to gather only what lay scattered on the mossy floor; had been forbidden even to bring a hatchet or ax with him. "Bad luck," is all his gaffer would say whenever he asked why. Dougan never rushed to complete the task, no matter how much he might be scolded for it later. Some strange reluctance always caused him to linger on the way, stopping to skip stones in the river, or to hunt duck eggs along the banks. One day he left it too long, and when finally he hurried in under the eaves, the sun was dropping toward the hills. He instantly sensed a difference in the mood of the forest. No sound of beast or bird disturbed the heavy silence, and though he tread as softly as he might, every snapped twig was as loud as a thunderclap in his ears. Grey, twisted trees crouched over the path like sinister old men, with holes for leering mouths, knots for hard, hostile eyes, and trailing beards of lichen. Their leaves rustled fretfully though the air felt still and lifeless, and almost he thought they murmured to one another, or so his nervous fancy made it seem. Warily, he picked up some small bits of wood. A branch crashed to the ground just behind him, causing him to jump. The light was rapidly bleeding away, and every now and again he stumbled over an unseen root. Another step, another piece of wood…he stooped and straightened, then started to move forward again, but was brought up short by a tree in his path…in the path, he realized with confusion. As he stepped around it, something clutched at him from behind. He yelped in fright, dropping his armload of wood. A twig had snagged in his tunic, he told himself, feeling a bit sheepish as he bent to gather up his scattered kindling. He now paused a moment, considering. The gloaming had deepened, and although he knew he should gather more wood yet, a sense of foreboding told him it was time to go back…past time. He turned to retrace his steps—and stood gaping. The path was gone, as if it had never been. Trees crowded thick around him, and as he whirled in a panic, seeking a way out, branches caught him at every turn. The kindling dropped forgotten from nerveless fingers, and with the sudden blind panic of a cornered beast, he bolted. But there was nowhere to run…he made it no more than a yard or so before violently colliding with a low-hanging bough, and all went black. >>> He woke as if from an evil dream, feeling himself rocked gently in loving arms. "Mither," he whimpered, eyes still closed. "Hoom, hom!" Dougan's eyes flew open. He was being carried through a dark wood, high above the ground, by a great… something , and for a moment all the stark terror came rushing back: the grasping trees, the headlong flight… But he could not long remain frightened, for the eyes that gazed solemnly down into his were in truth as gentle as his mother's, but sad, too…profound wells of sorrow that seemed ancient as the earth itself. He wondered if he were, perhaps, dreaming after all, for the creature carrying him resembled nothing so much as an enormous, walking tree: a hoary, gnarled oak, like the forest around them. The deep voice boomed again, a sonorous, rolling cadence of sounds strung together like words that seemed to go on and on. It paused, as if considering, then spoke again, but now it seemed to employ the speech of men, though the language was strange to him. "Banakil? Kuduk?" The words were neither Scottish nor English, he was certain of that. It tried again. " Perian?" it said doubtfully. Was it, perhaps, speaking French? He didn't know, never having met a Frenchman. "What are you?" he whispered. The tree-giant stared down at him, as uncomprehending as himself. Apparently giving up the attempt to communicate as a bad job, it continued on in silence, each great stride carrying them swiftly though the wood. All around them, the trees were tame and quiescent now. The only movement was that of branches lifting slightly as they passed, as if in homage or to ease their way, and the only sound the faintest stirring of leaves, like whispered secrets floating on a delicate breeze. It seemed to Dougan that the creature attended closely to this murmuration, humming every now and then in response. In what seemed no time at all, they had reached the forest's edge. The giant set him down carefully and gazed out over the moon-drenched fields, glaringly bright after their passage through the shadowed groves. "Hloth-nas," it rumbled, pointing a long, twiggy finger. It had brought him back to the very spot where he had entered the wood…how had it known? There across the meadows, its window a beacon of warmth and welcome, its chimney-smoke twisting up into the night sky, was his home. For a moment Dougan hesitated, looking up at his strange savior with a sudden burst of gratitude. Then he bowed deeply, as he had seen his father do when addressing the laird. "I thank thee," he said. The creature gave a great rolling Hrum! that sounded, somehow, like laughter, and said something else in that strange tongue, of which he caught only the words "Kali" and "Razar." It inclined its stiff, woody torso slightly toward him, then turned and in two long strides reached the forest; in another it had disappeared completely among the trees. When Dougan breathlessly related all that had happened to his family, his brothers scoffed and teased, claiming he was telling tales to get off lightly for coming home so late, and with no firewood a'tall. Only his grandfather eyed him thoughtfully, removing his pipe just long enough to remark, "'Twas a shepherd." But he would say no more than that and turned back to the fire, pipe clenched firmly between his teeth once more. His brothers nudged each other and snickered behind their hands. His father grunted. "Aye? I'd fain see the likes of his sheep, then!" His mother said nothing, but only hugged him fiercely, then swatted him on the backside and set him to laying the table. The matter of the walking tree was not mentioned again, but it remained sharp in Dougan's memory—along with the horror of the wood. It was this last that caused him to leave home as soon as he was of age, and to seek a new life as far away from Birnam Wood as he could manage…even as far as the strange southern land where men knew not the skirling of the pipes and the wild beauty of the highlands. And there all his efforts had come to naught when word reached the ear of Lord Siward, Earl of Northumberland, that one of his own stable hands hailed from the Sidlaw Hills round Dunsinane… >>> His reverie was interrupted by a cacophony of shouts and whinnies as the forces of vengeance ground to a halt once again. They had reached the very edge of the wood as night drew down around them, and a group of nobles had ridden up to join Menteith. They were gathered a short distance away from Dougan, conferring among themselves. "'Tis but three leagues hence across the plain to the tyrant's stronghold," said one. "We should push on now, under cover of darkness." Dougan saw his captain frown. "Nay! For once across, there's not cover enough for a hare below the watchtowers of Dunsinane castle, or so says our guide here…we'd do as well to send Macbeth a note saying we've come a-calling." "Let us call on him then, and have done with it," growled a tall, powerfully built man with a bristling black beard. "Peace, Macduff," soothed Menteith. "The hour of reckoning approaches, but it is not yet at hand. Our men are weary and need a night's rest before we launch the assault…let us take our ease in the forest, where we may lie hidden for a time from unfriendly eyes." Malcolm, son of the murdered king, had thus far seemed content to merely listen as the others debated. He was young—scarce older than Dougan—and only the lightest down yet shadowed his cheek. But now he spoke with an air of quiet authority, and the others instantly stilled. "You speak wisely, Menteith. We will do just so." "But—no one goes into Birnam Wood at night!" Dougan burst out, forgetting himself. They all stared at him, and he blushed. "If it can be avoided," he added meekly. Macduff strode up to him; steely blue eyes bored into his. "What are you called, boy?" "Coll Dougan, m'laird." "Well, Coll Dougan, when your counsel is desired, it shall be asked of you," said Macduff dryly. "Aye, m'laird, your pardon," he murmured, defeated. And so the order was given. Slowly the army began to move forward under the trees, company by company, until the entire force was swallowed up. From the moment he entered the wood the sense of malice was so palpable, so overwhelming, that Dougan almost reeled from