"When the broken-hearted people, Living in the world agree, There will be an answer: Let it be. For though they may be parted, There is still a chance that they will see: There will be an answer – Let it be" POV Draco Malfoy I was sitting on my bed with no idea what would happen next. Even when he came back, it wasn't as scary. To tell the truth, at that time, I believed Potter at once, but it took some time to realize. And then there was father, who was constantly at Death Eaters' meetings. There was mother, who looked so pale you would think she was ill. And there was I, who slowly began to realize what had happened and how terrifying this "what" was. But that fear was the one I had dealt with long ago. Maybe because I was only fourteen and didn't realize how it could have affected me. Maybe because of the meeting that happened at the end of my fifth year at Hogwarts. It wasn't a usual meeting, because a usual meeting does not include gathering fifteen year old teens who are eagerly waiting to meet Him. Him – some noseless creature who will destroy all their lives. Of course, no one there shared my point of view. On the contrary, they thought of it as a chance of getting a fascinating life, full of luxury and power. Shortly speaking, at that meeting we were told about the perspectives awaiting us when we became one of the Death Eaters. Yes, not 'if' but 'when'. No alternative. Just then I stopped fearing, having realized there was no escape. But now… A few hours ago I was told I would be a Death Eater by the end of my 6th year at Hogwarts. To become one, I have to kill Dumbledore . Sounds easy, doesn't it? Do you think a sixteen year old teen wants to kill anybody? No, I'm serious. Of course the answer is 'no'. And I make no exception. But if I don't kill him, neither me, nor my parents will survive. Father is not respected already, after this Ministry happening. The one Potter lost his godfather in. I'm not much into feelings, but I couldn't think of me living without mother, and even father, although he doesn't seem to care about me much. All in all, father brought me up as some kind of soldier, of Death Eater, to be exact. A machine doing orders. And now I have no choice but to agree to become one of them. So right now I didn't have a clue what to do. I could have escaped, but where should I go? And, most importantly, what for? Yes, I didn't want to kill, to have power, to be a Death Eater. But I didn't know another life. My reputation worked against making friends, I mean 'non-future Death Eaters' friends. The whole school knew how selfish I was! Potter wass the one who was always saint. But of course no one could be jealous of him, or me. Anyway, I'm Draco Malfoy, which means there was no place for self-pity. But if I did kill Dumbledore, that meant I would have to kill again. I trembled just at the thought that killing can get easy. That killing can become a habit. It's unnatural! Yes, we can get used to killings, we read about them pretty often, but the thought that YOU can become a murderer… That's what scares the most. And I didn't want this thought to stop making me scared. 'Cause that would mean I'm not a human, but some monster. I'm not easily-scared or something. I'm quite strong both physically and mentally. I saw many things others would not bear to see. I saw people screaming from pain, saw people drop dead. But I never used the Unforgivable curses myself. And I really wished I wouldn't have to. I wanted to be independent. Make my own choices. Decide what's good and what's not. Choose something I want to do in future. I didn't want to depend on somebody else's choices, especially in the things like killings. I didn't want to depend on anybody's wishes and desires. Because when you look at it, we were all His puppets. Noseless creature's puppets. OK, enough of this 'not self-pitying', it was time to get ready. Next morning I had to be at Kingscross, 9 and 3/4 to go to school. A hard year was waiting for me. When I jumped off the train, Hagrid was already shouting to first-years. Oh yes, out first trip was unforgettable. Was it raining? Suppose I did kill Dumbledore and became a Death Eater, would the gamekeeper still be gathering first years? This thought, however strange, made me sad. Strange, because I never even liked Hagrid. He always seemed stupid to me. But I must admit he was very brave, like all these Gryffindors are. Brave and stupid. I made my way through the crowd to the festral carriages. I did see them. They were strange, but not scary. The scary thing was the fact that I was able to see them. You must be thinking right now what a fearful silly boy I was. But I was not. It's just everybody wants to read about a hero who doesn't know what fear is. I know what it is. And yes, in most cases I'd safe my own skin. But when I thought about it, acting a hero didn't seem a stupid thing anymore. Why? Because I had nothing to lose. This life would become sh*t anyway. I didn't plan to commit a suicide, but I didn't want to keep myself safe either. It turned out I had been walking in the wrong direction. Not so far from me I saw a red head. A Weasley. That meant Gryffindors. I turned around and almost bumped into somebody. Somebody red-haired and short. One more Weasley. Ginny Weasley was looking at me with nothing but fury and resentment. By the way, her eyes were a pretty shade of brown, like caramel. - Malfoy, watch your way! - Oh, how rude, Weasley! Little ladies aren't allowed to act like th- - Do I look like a little lady for you? – she folded her arms, slowly calming down. I even so some laughing sparkles in her eyes. - You know, I begin to doubt it. It's not polite to interrupt. - I apologize to you, mister Malfoy, - she did a curtsey. She looked pretty awkward in her robe, doing this. When she bowed, her hair fell on her shoulders, as if fire flames were licking her skin. - I'll bear this in mind. - Are you flirting with me, Weasley? - Since when politeness became flirting? – she said in a confident voice, but I swear she blushed, even though it was dark already. – Would you be so kind and let a little lady to her friends, who are surely getting worried, having seen her with a… Hmm… A Slytherin. - Do I appear so unpleasant to you? - The reverse is true. Today I have changed my mind about you. - May I hope the change is for the best? - Yes, you may. But so as not to spoil the impression, you should let me pass. Otherwise, you are risking to see my brother's rage. - Is it SO scary? - It's better not to check. - Then I should follow your advice. Have a nice evening, miss Weasley. - Hope to see you soon, mister Malfoy. I stepped sideways so as to let her pass. She nodded, her lips smiling. I couldn't believe that just now I… I flirted with the Weasley girl! I shook my head. While we were talking, the crowd around got much thinner, so on my way to the Slytherins I heard the words: - Ginn, you talked to him? Did he want something?.. - Oh, don't worry, Ron, it's alright. Nobody offended me. - What did he want then? - We'd better hurry up, or we will miss our carriage. This evening in the Great Hall I kept glancing at the Gryffindor table. I had never ever flirt with girls! I always thought I had too many problems to do it. But it turned out so easy with her. I hadn't even noticed. Now she was sitting at her house table, facing me. She didn't seem to notice my glances. Did she say she changed her mind about me? And it all just because I wasn't rude to her? Is it that easy? Sounds strange. Is it really that simple to make people think differently? I never had 'normal' friends or even acquaintances. Only Slytherins. Of course there are both 'normal' and 'not so normal' folks among us. Pansy and Nott, for instance, were pretty nice previously. And even others, if you know how to approach them. But having a friend, who is not connected to the Death Eaters… Leave friendship, just talking to such people, like it happened today. No problems. But maybe it was her, not any other person? How did her brother call her? Ginn? Pretty. What's her full name, by the way? Virginia or Ginerva? What's more, she said "hope to see you soon". Is it a hint or just something instead of "good night"? She was intriguing, couldn't deny it. Anyway, I had to forget her. Neither friendship nor relationship would become of it. When I became a Death Eater, there would be no escape for the close ones. And Weasley didn't deserve a hard life. Nobody does. So, stop staring, Malfoy! I tried to get my eyes off her, but failed. Because she noticed me and looked back. There was quite a distance between our tables, keeping in mind Hufflepuff and Ravenclaw, but I thought I could see every little detail of her face. As if I was trying to remember her. OK. I can't do anything that can lead to her liking me. I put on the most indifferent face I could manage and looked at her again. It seemed to have worked. Her face stopped being open too. She squinted and I felt as if she knew all my secrets. But the next moment her face became indifferent and she turned to her friends, trying to make conversation. And at that very moment she was so much of a Slytherin, that I smirked. Yes, we are both very good actors. OK, enough of little Gryffindor ladies for today. I didn't want to come back to what would happen with my future, so I began looking at the new Slytherins. There were fewer of them every year. The biggest number was at our course. But who knew, maybe these ones would be worse. Everybody was standing up. It seemed that the feast had finally came to it's end and it was time to go to the dormitories. I stood up tall and raised my arm so that the first-years were able to see me. I was a Prefect. Another Prefect, Pansy, came up to me. When everyone was ready I walked forwards, followed by a crowd of children. I felt like I was their mother. I had nothing against families with many kids, but I was only sixteen, and I was a boy. When we were at the entrance to the Great Hall, waiting for another crowd to pass, I saw her. No, no, no! Not now! She'd do something for me to notice. And sure enough, Ginny Weasley stopped nearby, not looking at me. As if she just happened to be here. Then, when we were let to pass, she just happened to step on my foot. I swear she smirked at that moment. But it wasn't enough for her, passing me, she stumbled around me. Of course I was the one who helped her and grabbed by the shoulder so that she wouldn't fall.