A/N Hey guys! This is my first story, so I'm a little nervous right now :) Please Please review and let me know how I could make my writing better! Onto the story! Enjoy! :) 'Rory Hawthorne!' Effie Trinket's voice calls out his name in her happy cheery voice. No. Not Rory. It can't be Rory. It won't be Rory. It'll be- 'I volunteer as Tribute!' Yells Gale, pushing his way through the crowd and shoving his little brother behind him. 'Rory, go back to mom and Vick. Rory, go!' He sighs. 'No! Gale, No!' Rory protests. 'GO!' Cries Gale. He says it with such strict force that Rory has no choice but to obey. Gale makes his way up onto the stage. 'What's your name, sugar?' Asks Effie cheerfully. 'Gale Hawthorne' he says. It breaks my heart to see him up there alone. I suddenly wish I was beside him, helping him through it all. 'Gale, I'm going to volunteer for Saima' I tell him silently. We have this connection, like we can read each other's thoughts. 'No' he says, 'Please.' I sigh. 'Gale, please...' He gives me a hard look. 'I would only have to kill you' his eyes say. I never considered that. So when Effie asks for female volunteers, I bite my tongue and keep my mouth shut. Silent tears stream down my face as I watch him shake hands with Saima Herle. He and Saima are ushered into the Justice Building to say their goodbyes. I am first on Gale's list [after his family, obviously.]. Hazelle and the kids come out after an agonising three minute wait. The Peacekeeper gives me the OK to enter Gale's room, and I do so quickly. As soon as the door closes, Gale opens his arms to me. I fly into them and press myself against his chest. 'Gale... Oh my god, Gale...' I cry, sobbing into him while he holds me tight. 'Hey, aren't I the one who should be upset? After all, I'm the one who's going to die' he jokes. 'You are NOT going to die!' I say fiercely. 'You are going to win this and come home to me! You have to! Do you understand?!' I am in hysterics by this point. He sits down on the red velvet couch and pulls me into his lap. 'Shhh... I'll try... I promise, I'll try. Please, Catnip, don't cry...' He holds me closer to him and strokes my hair. Darius [the Peacekeeper on Gale's door duty] comes in to tell me to leave, but as Gale has no more visitors and just because he's our friend, he gives us extra time. 'I need you, Gale. I need you more than you will ever know. Please come home to me' I cry. 'I will, I promise. You know I never break a promise.' It's a tough one to keep, but I know in my heart that he will do all he can to keep it. That comforts me. 'I love you' I whisper. 'Oh Catnip...' He sighs, pushing a strand of hair back from my tear stained face. 'You are so beautiful...' He whispers with a small smile. I laugh. 'Gale, I'm a complete wreck.' He smirks at this. 'Still beautiful to me' he says, lifting my chin slightly. I close my eyes and press my lips against his gently. He kisses me back, Tenderly, warmly. I wrap my arms around his neck and pull him tight against me. His hands find my waist and I smile, despite everything, against his lips. When I eventually draw back, he touches my cheek gently. 'Nobody will ever tear me away from you. Not for long' he assures me, 'I love you.' Darius finally has to separate us, because if he gives us any more time he'll be punished. Gale takes my hand one last time and kisses me quickly. 'Remember, Catnip. Remember, I love you. I'll be home soon, I swear!' He calls. No. They can't take me from him. They can't take him from me. I cling tight to him and refuse to let Darius pull us apart. 'NO! NO GET OFF ME! GALE!' I scream. He strokes my hair soothingly and rubs my back in little comforting circles. 'Shhh... Catnip... Catnip let go. Let go, honey. Let go...' No way. I will never let him go. 'No! Please no! Please, stay with me!' I scream. 'I'll never let you go, Catnip. You'll always be with me, no matter where I am' he says softly. 'Please don't leave me here alone!' I wail. 'I'm sorry, I really am! Please, Catnip!' I shake my head. By this time, more Peacekeepers have gathered and are trying to pull me away from him. 'No! NO! OW!' I cry as they pull me away. 'OW! NO GALE NO!' He scowls at the Peacekeepers and yells 'STOP IT! YOU'RE HURTING HER! Let me deal with it!' I look him directly in the eyes. He puts a hand on my cheek and whispers, 'let go, honey. It's time. You're ready. Let go.' I nod and slide off his lap. 'I love you! I'll be waiting!' I shout as the tears begin to stream down my face once more. The door slams between us and I slide down to the floor, shaking with silent sobs, unable to move or think or feel as my heart begins to tear in two. I think Darius tries to comfort me, but I'm too broken to care. I finally regain control of my mind enough to get out of the Justice Building. I run for the only place I will ever be happy: the woods. I make it all the way to the Everthorne Rock [Gale named it, it's our only place of sanity] before I break down once again and just sit in a shivering heap, crying my eyes out and trying not to let in the fact that I may have just seen my Gale for the last time. I refuse to accept that. I think about an hour passes before I finally cry myself out. After that I just sit in my usual spot, trying to accept how empty the space on my left feels, the space usually occupied by Gale. I never come here without him. Ever. Period. "'We could do it you know.' 'What?' 'Leave the District, Take off, Live in the woods. You and I, we could make it.'" Our conversation from this morning bounces around my head. I should have said yes! We could have escaped all this, started a new life and our own family in the woods, away from the Hunger Games and the starvation of our District. But I didn't. I told him he was insane for even thinking it. Told him not to be so darn stupid. But I was wrong. I head back to the fence, tie a piece of blue ribbon around the chain link as an indication to Prim that I'm here, shoulder my bow and arrows and hike up to the small lake where my father used to take me fishing, where I now fish with Gale. It's a good forty five minute trek, but I have enough time on my hands and there's a small concrete house for me to sleep in over there anyway. I eventually reach the lake and walk into the concrete house. I start a fire in the hearth and shoot myself some supper. Once I'm full and warm, I curl up on the bed of fresh soft grass, which was put together by Gale's delicate hands, wrap myself up in my father's hunting jacket and close my eyes. I relive all of our memories. We walk along the snare line, Gale detaching all the fresh Game from his intricate snares. After that, we loop round and sit by the stream that runs through the woods from East to West. I roll up the bottoms of my trousers and wade in the shallow water, careful not to get myself too wet. But Gale has other ideas. He creeps up behind me, lifts me into the air, spins me around like he does with his little sister Posy, then drops me into the stream. I get completely soaked. I splash him in the face with water and he laughs. Then hell breaks loose. We start up a full-scale water fight. We splash each other, laughing and joking, for hours. It must be around three when we finally collapse on the stream bank, side by side, laughing like there's nothing wrong in the world, like there's nothing else that matters but me and him. It's perfect. We gaze into each other's eyes, and it fully hits me how lucky I am to have someone like Gale in my life, to have someone that will love me and care for me no matter what. He brushes a strand of hair from my eyes and sighs. 'You're so beautiful' he says in a hushed voice. I smile slightly. 'I love you' I whisper back, 'I love you so much. More than anything else in the world.' It's his turn to smile as he leans in and kisses me lightly. It's the first time I have ever kissed anyone before. I have to say, it's pretty incredible. His lips are warm and tender, his general warmth radiating against me. He pulls me closer and I hold him tight, never wanting to let go. When he finally draws back, he looks into my eyes, searching my expression. 'I love you too, Catnip' he says quietly. The world begins to dissolve around us. The next thing I know, I'm in the Hob, about six months later on New Year's Eve, surrounded by all my friends. I sit cross legged on Greasy Sae's counter, sipping a steaming bowl of 'soup'. Gale lounges beside me, grinning. Darius is trying to flirt with me, tickling my chin with the end of my plait and explaining how one of his kisses is a sure trade for one of my fresh rabbits. He points out ladies walking around the Hob, laughing, joking, and he says ''you want proof, you go ask her. She'll tell you, she will.' Gale scowls at him and wraps his arm protectively around my waist, pulling me closer to him. 'Sorry, Darius, no deal' I smirk, looking up at Gale. He gives me a quick wink. Darius frowns. 'Fine then. I'll just go back to Sally... I know she'll be interested...' And he stalks away, flashing a playful grin over his shoulder. Greasy Sae and I burst out laughing, and even Gale manages a smile. 'He's only messing with you, Gale. Don't take it so seriously' I assure him, leaning my head against his side. The clock in the square strikes ten, and we decide we should be getting home. Haymitch Abernathy, the mentor for District 12 in the annual Hunger Games, staggers over to Ripper the alcohol seller and demands more white liquor. Gale and I say goodbye to Sae and make our way across the square, hand in hand. Most of District 12 is celebrating in the square, but my family and the Hawthorne's decided it would be better to spend New Years as just us, just our two families. Gale walks me to my door, gives me a quick kiss goodbye, and promises to see me later. I wave at him and make my way back inside the door. Everything suddenly happens in fast motion, the hour flies by. The rest of the Hawthorne's minus Gale turn up at around eleven, and the time speed returns to normal. There's a knock at the door at eleven thirty and I rush to answer it. Gale stands on the porch in the moonlight holding a small basket. 'Hey, Catnip' he smiles. 'I thought you weren't coming!' I sigh as he pulls me into an embrace. 'I told you I'd be here. Besides, I wouldn't miss this for