Ferhð Mûðbona Chapter 1: Anginn Hermione boarded the Thestral-drawn carriages leading back to Hogwarts with a mixture of excitement, apprehension, and anxiety. She had been somewhat surprised to receive a letter from the new headmistress inviting her back to complete her seventh year. While she had participated in some of the remediation efforts to restore the castle following the Final Battle, the last she had heard the towers were still in a state of disrepair. Looking out of the window of the carriage, however, she could see that they were once again standing. Perhaps the process was forwarded by the castle itself? All of the individuals who had attempted to repair the castle were inured to the fact that the school was sentient. Being able to connect your magic with that of the castle was the only way to ensure that the repairs remained stable and functional. Different individuals assisting in the repairs were able to do this to a varying degree. Hermione proved to be better than most; after she recognized the power and collective memory possessed by Hogwarts, she had learned to be willing to allow empathy to guide her magic. While she had not always been the type to rely on intuition or feeling, the war had afforded her experiences that made faith in magic and emotion easier to accept and adopt. But she had not been able to stay for extended periods of time. She had been actively attempting to track her parents down in Australia, but found that they had moved sometime in the last year. All attempts to locate them had proven fruitless, so with a growing sense of desperation she had made multiple trips traveling to different cities in an effort to find them. She had looked in phonebooks, talked to dentistry professionals that she thought her parents might have networked with, and even attempted to scry for them using a crystal and a few strands of their hair. It had been months, though, and she had almost given up hope. Not to mention that certain individuals regulating international porkeys in both ministries were becoming rather annoyed with her persistent demands. Her recent status as a war heroine could only afford her so much. Truth be told, she was glad of her limited role at the castle over the summer. Part of the clean-up had involved unearthing corpses from beneath the rubble, and helping to prepare graves. She had personally come across a decaying Colin Creevey and Elizabeth Farley, both a molted green and purple where the blood had settled, and could not stop herself from flinching at the sight of maggots feasting on the exposed abrasions in their skin. She was often accompanied by her former classmates, notably several Slytherin students who had defected, not participated in the battle, or who were attempting to make amends. She assumed they so often went with her because many of the other volunteers refused to associate with them, resentment and fear distorting their expressions whenever they shared a room. She was grateful for their presence, past grievances aside. All of them- Draco Malfoy, Theodore Nott, Pansy Parkinson, the Greengrass sisters, Blaise Zambini, Gregory Goyle, Adelaide Murton, Nadia Blishwick, and other Slytherins of all ages- were distantly polite, but avid workers, despite…everything. And they were as obviously disturbed by their dead peers as she was, which created a macabre kind of comradery, although no one chatted enough to be considered friendly. She knew their abrupt solicitous behavior was due to the influence of Severus Snape, who had miraculously survived Nagini's bite. Hermione had gathered Madame Pomfrey as soon as she remembered Snape's demise in the Shrieking Shack, and had gone back with her expecting to see a cooling body. Instead the school-nurse had found a pulse, shoved some Blood-Replenishing Potion down the Professor's throat as Hermione held his body in place, stroking his head and whispering reassurances, and sent a Patronus to St. Mungos asking them to prepare antidote that had been held on reserves. Madame Pomfrey had then put his body on a conjured stretcher, jogging towards Hogsmeade so she could apparate them both to the hospital. The school matron's quick thinking, and the brilliant, if non-traditional Healer Pye had led to a relatively quick recovery. She had visited him a couple of times at St. Mungos. The first time he had been unconscious, and she had sat awkwardly in a chair beside his bed for thirty minutes before she scurried out, trying to remember what she had hoped to accomplish. The second time she arrived just after a host of Slytherins, and Hermione had accidentally heard him address the students around his bed for something that closely resembled a pep-talk. He took measures to look at each of them in turn. His voice was stilted and quiet, the scars on his neck bright red around the surgical stitches, although healing was evident. "You do not need me to lecture you on what to do moving forward. You are Slytherins- we pride ourselves in being resourceful and cunning. Use those skills in order to build your way to the top, even if that entails briefly pandering to those currently in power." Goyle spoke up, his gruff voice indignant, "What? We have to suck up to Potter?" He sneered. The Potions Master turned to him with a disquieting stare. "I expect you not to make this any worse for yourselves. You should know what kind of language and actions will be considered impolite for the current regime. Don't offend anyone with the power to make your life difficult. Make public amends before anyone has the opportunity to assign culpability for the damages of the war. Immerse yourselves with those you can stand." Nott added in his quiet, if monotone voice, "What about our cause? Their victory goes against everything we have been taught since birth. And in all likelihood, it will result in a backlash to Britain's most established pureblood families. I would not be surprised if the Ministry used this as an excuse to appropriate properties and magical artifacts." Several others students nodded, their faces concerned. Professor Snape addressed them all. "Your parents did you a disservice. Is being a Slytherin about blood-purity? Or is it about achieving your ambitions? Engaging in appreciative networking? Using cunning in order to establish a power-base? Supporting each other amidst the obvious discrimination delivered at the hands of the other houses?" It seemed to be a series of rhetorical questions, because he continued after a brief pause. "I am only a half-blood. The Dark Lord was a half-blood. And I am sure all of you know at least one Muggleborn with a modicum of talent or intelligence that might disprove theories of pureblood superiority." Hermione was almost positive that was an indirect reference to her, and nervously moved a step further away from the door and out of sight. Somebody made a sound similar to a scoff. Professor Snape responded with something similar to a snarl. "Regardless, Nott's observations are astute. Your families will soon be the scrap-goats and coin purses of the Ministry if you do not get it together and deny them the opportunity. It is no longer appropriate to forward your pureblooded doctrine, even if there is credit to the theory. Now is the time, ladies and gentlemen, to decide what is more important. If it is to support the superiority of your bloodline, by all means, act defiant in the wake of a new Ministry. However, if it is to regain the honor and prestige of your family and your house, I suggest you drop your cause and attempt to inundate yourself with those in power. You do not need make friends with them, but you do need to be polite." More than slightly unsettled and afraid of being caught, Hermione decided to walk down the hallway and double-back until he was finished with his speech. Ten minutes later, on her way back to the room, she passed the line of Slytherins. Most of them ignored her, but a few stared and watched as she walked into Professor Snape's room. She did her best to ignore them, not knowing what to say. Unfortunately, that left her completely unprepared to face the Potions Master. She took a few paces into the room, looked up at him, and stared at him in silence for several minutes. Eventually he sighed in obvious annoyance, closed his eyes and leaned back into his pillow. Hermione quietly walked over and sat once again in the chair beside his bed. And once again had to wonder what she was trying to do. She knew she respected the man. She was grateful for all that he had done in the war. She was upset for not having come back to find him earlier, and that no one had bothered in her stead. She was annoyed with the fact that she didn't realize his true loyalties all of last year. But he had not been her favorite Professor. He had not liked her or respected her. He wouldn't care about her condolences. Perhaps it was some strange obligation because she had been the one to find him? She looked up from her fingers, and saw his eyes were still shut. He looked tired and sickly, his pallor unflattering against the pasty yellow hospital robes. His hair looked well-combed and less oily, if a bit longer than she remembered. "I'm sorry," she stated, quite accidentally. He opened his eyes a crack to look at her, a sneer curling his lips, and she had to force herself to meet his gaze in her panic. She continued in a hurry. "I have made things difficult for you. I know that you don't really care for me or my opinions, and that the decisions you made in the war had nothing to do with me… But I still want to let you know that I am thankful you are the person you are. And I am glad you didn't die. I'm sorry I didn't have more faith in you." Her fingers knotted together, Hermione stood up abruptly. They stared at each other for a moment before she nodded, and left without giving him the chance to speak. Walking out of the hospital she considered whether or not that could be considered selfish, and whether that nervous proclamation had fulfilled whatever need she had had to seek him out in the first place… "Hermione?" Her memory faded as she was brought back to the present. Harry's bespectacled face took up her vision, and he employed a sly grin as she frowned. "Who are you thinking about?" Hermione ignored the implication in his tone and answered, "Professor Snape." Harry's face soured as Ginny giggled beside him, before the lines straightened and he became more serious. "I heard he is back at Hogwarts this year as a Professor." Hermione's head snapped back at his. "Really?" she asked, surprised. As far as she knew, Professor Snape had very much disliked his job. Now that the war was no longer holding him there, why in the world would he return? When he could go anywhere? And Harry's impassioned pleas had guaranteed that, legally, he could go anywhere. Ron spoke from across the carriage opposite her, a scowl on his face. "He turned down the position of Headmaster? Or did the Governors kick him out of the running?" Harry responded. "He turned it down. Minerva said she managed to convince him to stay on for at least one more year, as Slughorn left without any way to contact him. She wasn't sure whether or not he would stay any longer than that, though." Ginny's frown was severe. "Well, good. He doesn't deserve to stay. It's unthinkable that they are even keeping him on now." Harry turned to her with an imploring look. "Gin, he saved our lives!" Ginny's face turned spiteful. "You weren't there last year, Harry. He could have stopped the Carrow's from