Fem Harry Potter x ? Synopsis: Holly Potter is the infamous witch who survived the night she was born. But it wasn't the only luck she received. Though magic means, she was given a tattoo of a black bird on her chest. What mysteries lie in the magical ink? How much else does she have to worry about other than being the 'chosen one'? The prophecy made might never come to pass, or will it? Only she can choose her destiny. Fem!Harry. Femslash. Creature!Holly A/N: Welcome to my first ever Harry Potter fanfic! Now, this story begins at the well...beginning (skipping the prologue anyways). I'll try to keep it on the path as Rowling wrote it. Well, other than the fact our protagonist is female and is half veela. So the story may veer off a wee bit. Because of my own experiences, she will be 12 in her first year and turning 13 on her birthday; this is because she would be the youngest or oldest in her grade. So it's only logical the story begins at her being 12. In addition to to Holly being half Veela, I'm going to start her off as a bitter 12 year old angry at how she was treated for the past 10 years. As the story progresses, she'll become darker and darker until there's a moment that brings her back to the light. Or something. We'll see how the story proceeds. She'd be gay/lesbian because...aww fuck it. I'm gay myself, and women just make me happy~ So Holly's gay too. On the rare occasion there's hetero between Holly and someone else, well, it's gonna be brief or super special. Later in the fic, it will be a slight crossover with Overwatch and League of Legends and possibly other media. But not nearly enough to warrant it as a full x-over in the categorization. When it happens, well I'll let you know. Subtly. Or not at all. Some people mind be able to pick out the not so HP content. If you do...you deserve an internet cookie. Please read & review~ Harry Potter is copyrighted to J.K Rowling. Enjoy~ Act I "Freak! Get up! Get up. You useless girl, get up and make us breakfast!" Those harshly spoken words were followed by bony knuckles rapping on the cupboard where she was forced to sleep. Oh yes, forced to sleep in a small cupboard ever since she could walk She rolled onto her back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it, but she hadn't recognized anything else since it had been dark. She had a funny feeling she'd had the same dream before. Clenching her fists, Holly vowed that one day, she'd get to the bottom of what it meant. Groaning as her overweight cousin flew down the stairs, storming back up again to wake her up, Holly was wishing so much that the piggy boy would break his foot so she could get some decent sleep for once in her miserable life. "Wakey wakey cousin! It's my birthday an' we're going to the zoo!" To exaggerate his point, he jumped up and down while gripping the banister a few more resulting thumping overhead caused drywall to crack and fall down onto her head, upsetting her further. The poor neglected twelve year old grabbed her glasses and began opening the door when her disgusting older cousin rushed by, slamming it in her face. Cursing under her breath, she rubbed her forehead and stumbled upstairs to the bathroom. As she looked into the mirror a young eleven year old with a pasty complexion stared back at her with a gaunt expression. A few freckles dusted her cheeks. Her unnaturally crimson hair cascaded down to her rear. Somehow it was always so vivid despite how many times a week Petunia hacked off her long locks and dyed with harsh chemicals to a dull brown or black. But it always grew back overnight much to her aunt's chagrin. It was like a little victory each time she fought with the crotchety woman. Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark cupboard, but Holly had always been small and skinny for her age. She appeared even smaller and skinnier than she really was because all she had to wear were old clothes of Dudley's, and Dudley was about four times bigger than she was. Holly had a thin face, knobbly knees, and bright green eyes. She wore round glasses held together with a lot of Scotch tape because of all the times Dudley had punched her on the nose. Apparently the saying 'boys shouldn't hit girls' was damned to hell. The only thing Holly liked about her own appearance was a very thin scar on her forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. She'd had it as long as she could remember, and the first question she could ever remember asking her Aunt Petunia was how she had gotten it. Of course her relatives would always dance around the question like hot coals. "In the car crash when your parents died," she had said. "And don't ask questions." Don't ask questions - that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys. She could have taken a longer shower, but her aunt and uncle would punish her if she took too long. Their reason was that she didn't deserve to use hot water and that they were generous enough to let her even bath. An evil lot they were. Securing her towel around her torso and another by her waist, Holly rushed back down to her cupboard in fear that Dudley would attempt to steal her towels to humiliate her like he had in the past. Now safe in her tiny 'bedroom', the young twelve year old had a moment of respite from her extended family. She hoped so much that one day her real parents would come and save her. Not once did she believe they died in a car wreck. After getting 'properly' dressed in a shirt nearly four sizes too big for her and a pair of trainers that had to be hemmed at least three rolls so it wouldn't drag on the ground, Holly forced herself to walk into the kitchen where she was promptly guided rather roughly over to the stove where a warming skillet, a carton of eggs, bread and an entire pack of bacon waiting to be cooked sat. "Girl, bring me coffee. And don't burn any of the food," ordered her uncle. A stout man who was at least two sizes too big for his britches. And in both senses of the word. "Yes Uncle Vernon," squeaked Holly in a rather diminutive manner. Aunt Petunia cooed sickeningly, "Oh I want everything to be perfect for my little Duddy-kins~" The thin, bony woman covered her overweight son's eyes and guided him to the sitting room where there was an enormous pile of presents wrapped in brightly covered foil-paper. It took everything she had to not simply puke at the display for one child but not her. Oh she would someday come back in the future to punish these terrible people. But for now, she had to endure it until she could be free of their grasp. Peering out of the kitchen as she sneakily shoved leftover bacon and hard boiled eggs into a baggy, she stowed the food for later since she'd normally not get to eat much herself. But she watched as her cousin suddenly asking, "How many are there?" "Thirty-six. Counted em myself this morning," replied the bigger man. But that was the wrong thing to say apparently. His face reddening in anger, Dudley began to shout, "Thirty-six? THIRTY-SIX?! THAT'S TWO LESS THAN LAST YEAR!" Flustered at the abrupt outburst by his son, Vernon stuttered, "W-well son, there's a few that are bigger than the others. So you have to account for the value of e-" Interrupting his father, the chubby brat exploded, "I DON'T CARE HOW BIG THEY ARE!" "Oh Dudders, you didn't count Aunt Margie's gift under the big one from mommy and daddy! And while we're out near London, we'll buy you two more presents! Is that okay?" Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, "So I'll have thirty ... thirty..." "Thirty-nine, sweetums," said Aunt Petunia. "Oh." Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest parcel. "All right then." Uncle Vernon chuckled. "Little man wants his money's worth, just like his father. 'Atta boy, Dudley!" He ruffled Dudley's hair. At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Uncle Vernon watched Dudley unwrap the racing bike, a video camera, a remote control airplane, sixteen new computer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwatch when Aunt Petunia came back from the telephone looking both angry and worried. "Bad news, Vernon," she said. "Mrs. Figg's broken her leg. She can't take her ." She jerked her head in Harry's direction. Dudley's mouth fell open in horror, but Harry's heart gave a leap. Every year on Dudley's birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Harry hated it there. The whole house smelled of cabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the cats she'd ever owned. "Now what?" said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though he'd planned this. Harry knew he ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasn't easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbles, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. "We could phone Marge," Uncle Vernon suggested. "Don't be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy." The Dursleys often spoke about Holly like this, as though she wasn't even there - or rather, as though he was something very nasty that couldn't understand them, like a slug. "What about what's-her-name, your friend - Yvonne?" "On vacation in Majorca," snapped Aunt Petunia, frustrated. "You could just leave me here," Holly piped in hopefully (she'd be able to watch whatever she wanted on television for a change and maybe even have a go on Dudley's computer). Aunt Petunia looked as though she'd just swallowed a lemon. "And come back and find the house in ruins?" she snarled. "I won't blow up the house," promised Holly, but they weren't listening. "I suppose we could take her to the zoo with us," said Aunt Petunia slowly, "... and leave her in the car..." "That car's new, she's not sitting in it alone..." spat Vernon, his face changing to magenta. Likely, he would blow a gasket if he wasn't calmed down soon. Dudley began to cry loudly. In fact, he wasn't really crying - it had been years since he'd really cried - but he knew that if he screwed up his face and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted. "Dinky Duddydums, don't cry, Mummy won't let him spoil your special day!" she cried, flinging her arms around him. "I... don't... want... her... t-t-to come!" Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs. "She always sp- spoils everything!" He shot Holly a nasty grin through the gap in his mother's arms. Suddenly, the doorbell rang and Dudley ceased his tantrum and raced to the door. When he opened it, on the threshold stood Piers Polkiss. The tween paled; it was one of the fat pig's friends whom tenaciously joined her cousin in their favorite activity: Holly Hunting. Piers was a scrawny boy with a face like a rat. He was usually the one who held people's arms behind their backs while Dudley hit them.