Vampire fem Harry Katarina A. Black x ? (Fleur/Daphne/OC) Good Bellatrix Black Full Synopsis: She was supposed to be an insane witch who murdered for fun, a remorseless bitch out of her mind. Someone certainly not to fuck with. But Bellatrix is a true daughter of Black. When she realizes her cousin's goddaughter is abused, she takes the Girl in as her own. It will be tough raising a vampire for a daughter. How will Katarina deal with her affliction on top of being targeted by the Dark Lord Voldemort? Rated M for language, gore, sexually explicit details. X-X A/N:I don't have much to say for the first chapter here other than the fanfics that inspired this are 'The Silver Prince' by Blade Quill, 'A Cadmean Victory' by Darkness Enthroned and 'Ties of Blood' by Wolfmoon. That, and I've also been wanting to do a Vampire-Fem!Harry fic. So here you are. Disclaimer: I, the author (a woman of many names) in no way at all, own Harry Potter and its franchise. Nor do I take credit for genius ideas. I do own the words I did type. That goes for the entire fictional story here. And one more thing: it's rated M for a reason. Now that you're reasonably warned; please enjoy your in flight episode of Salazar's Legacy. Act I Dusk was heralded by a soft hoot that resounded as a baritone echo in the zephyr sweeping over the land. Crisp blue was darkening to tendrils of purple that choked the day. Not a cloud was in the sky. Both Venus and Mars shone brightly upon the starry backdrop that came over from the west. Nothing was out of the ordinary in the district of Surrey. The suburbs of Little Whinging were complete replicas of each other; the epitome of conformity. Lawns mown to exactly one point three inches high in the very specific striped back and forth pattern. Each picket fence was carefully doused in white. Not even a speck was left bare or blemish by nature. Each brick house was the same as the next. It was eerie for out of towners. The people of this particular street were of similar nature; arrogant small families ranging in the upper middle class. There were only a few oddities such as Arabella Figg in the seventh house from the entrance to the main road. But the truest anomaly of Number Four Privet drive was a tiny nine year old girl dressed in rags. She didn't belong in the 'perfect' neighborhood. Four feet, nine inches was small for a child her age, especially with how freakishly tall and thin her aunt was. As per everyday, she was outside to do a good portion of chores she was supposed to do every single day, even weekends. In the mornings, it was her undisputed duty to cook a full English breakfast for the aunt and Uncle and overweight cousin. For this, she was to wake up at the crack of dawn. Then in the afternoon, she was shoved out the door by her aunt Petunia who would order her, 'the Freak' to cut the lawn with a rickety push mower that always got caught in the ditch by the curb. When she was done with that, she would need to weed the garden, the bushes and the sidewalk. She was also in charge of watering all the plants on the lawn as well as the potted ones in the house. In the winter, she had to be up at four in the morning to shovel snow so her Uncle could pull his car out of the garage to go work. It didn't help that she had to make sure the gas heater remained free of ice and snow. And before evening, she had to shovel again if it snowed more during the day. She was thankful it was summer. But she detested the heat. In a few weeks, the climate would cool and become windier. Autumn had always been her solace despite the hardships that came with doing her worst in school (or being prepared to being punished harshly for doing better than her dimwitted cousin). Whilst the girl trimmed the rosebush (without hand protection I might add), a feeling of uneasiness washed over her. It felt like she was being watched. But how could she know? It was mostly cloudy with sunlight weakly filtering through. It was one the the few summer days she felt at home without the harsh sun glaring at her. Slowly, she set the old rusty gardening shears in the mulch next to the perfectly pruned rosebush and sat as still as she could. With the gentle breeze swaying to her left, she listened. After a moment of straining her ears, she was justly rewarded. Some people were whispering nearby. How she knew there was a man and a woman, she didn't know. There had just been a feeling in her gut that was who was nearby; and she knew it wasn't her aunt and uncle spying on her to make sure she wasn't slacking off. She had been just able to make out some of what they were saying. "...and if we Turn her now, she won't grow to be stunning. A suitable heir must hold beauty beyond what she is now," hissed the man. "Are you sure, my Queen?" His partner, a woman in a dark hood hissed, "You imbecile! Sometimes I wonder why Matthias turned you sixty years ago. You're not exactly the sharpest tool in the shed. Anyways, back to the subject at hand. She will grow to her majority before her body stops aging. Do you forget what it means to be a Night Stalker?" "Fine. You do it, just don't lecture me again. Girls taste gross. Men are better," sulked the poof. "Abel, you need to get over your fear of women eventually. Blood is blood. She will become a fine daughter of the night," mused the woman while she turned back to the prey she had designated. When the voices stopped, the young girl exhaled the breath she had held. Before she could even mutter a bewildered 'I wonder who they were', a woman obscured in a black outfit was suddenly standing in front of the young child. Holly Potter gave a shrill scream of terror and tried to scramble away. But the icy hands that gripped her arms were like a vice. Crimson eyes shone in the twilight, glowing in their sockets mere inches away from the child's emerald almonds. Whatever was going on, Holly knew it was unnatural and began to struggle even harder to free herself. Fear increased the strength of the girl's thrashing. But it was all for naught. The moment those fangs dipped into the young girl's scrawny neck, she fell still. Unnaturally so. The initial puncture shot an acute pain down the spine before numbing moments later. First came the lightheadedness, and the a raging headache. The dark haired girl noticed hazy blotches in her impaired vision. When the fangs pulled off Holly's neck, the child crumpled to the ground and blacked out. "Goodbye for now, my little princess," murmured the female vampire as she tucked a luxurious blanket around the tiny girl. As the last drugs of daylight vanished beneath the horizon, the deathly pale nine year old girl was laid against the trunk of an ash tree by the male accomplice. The vampiress pulled away as dusty tears threatened to spill down her pale olive complexion. "A suitable heir of the Daughters of Coldharbour. When she reaches her prime, she will seek us out. Perhaps sooner if events play out sooner than expected. Come, we have tarried for far too long." The two figures swathed in shadow and mystique vanished without a trace of them ever being in Little Whinging. Xxxxx Several days later. Normally, she would be rotting in a cell in Azkaban after failing a trial. For awhile, that statement had been all too true. She had shared a cell with her 'dear old husband'. Many were to believe they were lunatics madly in love. Not even a week had passed since her interment had she shanked her cellmate to death using the shattered femur of the previous resident who had lived in the cell. Despite the chill and wave of despair emanating from the guards, she was relatively content. But the idiotic aurors had failed to keep the Dementors spaced out. It had been a bit of luck for her to slip between the old rusty bars and knock out the human guards. Upon fetching her wand from the only other structure on the island, she escaped. It had been no easy feat to swim three miles back to solid ground. Three weeks it had taken to recuperate for nearly a decade in Azkaban. A sweet old muggle couple were on holiday, leaving their home quite open to her. When she had gotten to the mainland of Britain, Bellatrix Lestrange had apparated to the outskirts of the manor where her husband and her had lived in during their service to the Dark Lord. But she had been unable to remain. She couldn't stay unless she wanted to return to her old cell. Aurors and their pet happiness suckers had been crawling around the whole manor and she was forced to flee to a muggle settlement on the outskirts of London. As much as she detested them, she needed to lay low. A scream from a nearby dwelling caught the ragged witch's attention. When she remembered it wasn't her doing, she decided to investigate. If someone else was having fun without her, that was a no-no. She was the Mistress of Agony; her duty to spread pain to the unworthy. The moment she peered into the window, Bellatrix turned livid. Holly Potter, her former Master's supposed Vanquisher was being beaten from an inch of her life. Even with her shoddy view, she could see the white rug beneath the girl becoming stained with the girl's blackish-red blood. Where the belt hadn't lacerated the girl's bare skin, yellow and purple bruises were darkening under the muggle's tyranny. The whole wizarding world had been informed by Albus Dumbledore that the Girl who Lived was somewhere safe and living in luxury. That the Girl Who Lived was spoiled rotten just like her counterpart. But that was now seen to be an absolute lie. His words had been rubbish! The more she watched the little girl being beaten by the fat man, the more furious she became. Seeing any magical child being mistreated by filthy pond scum made her blood boil. Children and family was the most important part of being a Pureblood. It kept tugging on her maternal instincts before she snapped. The moment the little girl lost consciousness, Bellatrix stood up and blasted the door off its hinges, startling not only the muggles inside, but the neighbors as well. With a knife in her left hand and wand in her opposite, the most notorious witch stalked inside. Only a sliver of light made it past the curtain. The rest of the hallways cloaked the intruder in shadows. Vernon grabbed his shotgun from the closet and nervously inched closer towards the front door where the racket had startled the living daylights out of the family. Petunia hid behind behind her mammoth of a husband whilst Dudley the miniature whale had a cricket bat in his hands. A sickening glee was on the boys face, eager to hurt someone else other than the pathetic cousin of his. Then, they found exactly who was trespassing upon the Dursley's property. A gaunt woman whose pallid face was contorted in rage. She wore ragged prison robes like the freaks associated with Petunia's sister's people. "Who the ruddy hell are you?" yelled the pissed off man, cocking the gun to load it. He had just been found by a very gaunt looking woman wearing one of those robes