Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "One more and we're done, Bella" Jake grunts as he takes the newly carved pumpkin out onto the front lawn. "You have like over twenty there already!" I shout from the kitchen and huff when I hear his deep laughter from outside. I'm not allowed out until he's finished. His orders. If he wasn't my best friend, I'd have ignored his request. But he wants to do this for me, so I let him. The rustle of leaves in the backyard sends a chill up my spine and I shiver involuntarily as an icy fear runs through my body. I turn quickly to look out the kitchen window, but as I expected, there's nothing. Well, fuck. It's been two days of this. Two days of feeling like I'm being watched… Feeling like someone is out there. "Bella, are you okay?" Jake asks as he comes back in. He notices everything. He can't see through the mask of happiness that I wear so often, but he can see the fearful frown on my forehead, that's for sure. "Yeah," I say, shaking off the feeling and turning back to him with a forced smile. The last thing I want to do is have him worry about me. Well, not more than he does now, anyway. "Okay, well, go shower and get dressed for the party. I'm gonna shoot home and do the same. Don't, I repeat, don't go outside till I'm back. It'll be dark then. I want you to get the full effect." "Yeah, dufus, I won't. Now go so I can get ready. You know how Alice gets when someone's late." That's enough to send him off with an eye roll but without further argument. I go upstairs and have a quick shower. While getting into my sexier than a siren devil costume, I freeze as I look over to the dressing table. "How...?" My heart starts beating faster as I see a photo of Edward and me two years back at a Halloween party. We went as Shrek and Fiona, and even in that silly get up and green body paint all over his face, he was still more handsome than any other man I'd ever seen. I love that photo. Problem is, it had been in my dressing table drawer for a year now. Since I got the news... Since Edward's disappearance. I look around the room nervously, shivering as I walk over to the photo. I wrack my brain, trying to remember if I had taken it out. No... No, I hadn't. "Jake..." I murmur. Yes, that's the only other reason for this photo being here. He was here the day I put it in the drawer, and he knows I've not looked at it since. Just like I can't look at any photo of Edward. Pain lynches my heart as I run my fingers over the photograph, over his face, down his body. Fuck, not a day goes by that I don't miss him, don't cry for him... That my soul doesn't bleed for him. It's exactly a year today since my heart stopped beating. The day I opened the door to a green-clad soldier with a folded flag in hand, my entire world crumbled. If Jake, Alice and Jasper hadn't been there, I'm not sure what would have happened. I'd turned feral with rage and heartache, screaming at him, swearing at him, calling him a liar, amongst other things. I had turned and punched Jake in the face when he grabbed me from behind as I tried to attack the emissary of death. Broke his nose too. I had yelled... wailed like a possessed woman... and finally I had vomited right there on my entrance hall floor to make space for my body to contain the utterly overwhelming feeling of loss. I'd been faintly aware of Alice's sobs at the loss of her brother. I'd registered Jasper's attempt at being strong for her, but succumbing to his grief too. I had noticed Jake's hidden tears at the loss of his childhood friend as he stared blankly into nothingness. What I hadn't seen, at that exact moment in time, was that I would never recover from losing him. Life would go on, as it must, because time stands still for no man. But for me? My life came to a standstill. My insides just don't work right… Like I'm faulty, I guess. I'm a mirage of my former self and I've stopped trying to claw my way back to who I used to be. I continue smiling, I continue spending time with my friends and family, I continue telling everyone that I'm okay. Because that's what I have to do. Why would I want them to know the suffering I carry every day? Why would I want to see pity in their eyes every time they look upon me? Why would I want them to worry about me when they have also suffered such a loss? No. This emptiness I carry, I carry alone. It is my companion now. My Siamese twin. My shadow. I've become oddly protective of it. It belongs to me, no one else. Jake's car pulling up drags me out of my reminiscence and self-pity. Thank God I'd put my make up on before I got dressed. I shove the photo back in the drawer and climb into my knee high red suede boots. I look in the mirror once last time and check the horns on my head and the red velvet mini dress that hits my curves just right. Makeup: Dark smoky eyes, check. Siren red lipstick, check. "Bella!" Jake calls and I blow myself a kiss and grin before grabbing my cape and red fork before going downstairs. "Looking good there, Black," I smirk as I see his Captain Jack Sparrow costume complete with a long haired black wig. I'd thought he would be too bulky for the look, but he actually pulls it off. He lets out a low whistle as he looks at me. "Damn, Bella. How the fuck am I going to keep the men away from you tonight?" "You know I'm not interested in anyone else, Jake," I say softly as I throw him my cape and turn around. "Bella, you know I didn't mean it like that," he says as he fastens my cape for me. I sigh. "Yeah, I know. Sorry." "No one expects today to be an easy one for you, Bella. I'm here if you need me, we all are." "I know. Don't worry, I'm fine. I mean, there's nothing I can do about it, right? Now, let me go see what you've done to the outside of my house." He lights up at my words, insisting I keep my eyes closed until he turns me around at the end of the driveway. He takes his hand from my eyes and I have to gasp, my eyes stretched as I take in his hard work. "Jake..." I can't say much else as I stare at the pumpkins lit from the inside scattered across the lawn. More than twenty scary orange smiles stare back at me from the darkness, illuminated by flickering flames from within. Suspended skeletons hang from the porch with a luminous green light caressing the white bones from below, giving it an eerie look. One the neighborhood kids are sure to enjoy. Smaller objects like dangling spiders and bats hang everywhere, even from the window sills. "I did good?" Jake asks excitedly. "You did good," I say beaming at him, yet I feel tears run down my face. He sees them and melancholy overtakes his smiling features as he pulls me closer. "I know," he whispers in my hair as he holds me to him. "There's not a day that goes by that I don't wish he was here. I used to love doing this shit with him every year." "I know," I say softly against his chest. "I know you miss him too." My body trembles slightly as the feeling of being watched overwhelms me again and I push away from Jake gently as my eyes scan the street. But there's just too much activity to pinpoint anything. Children and adults alike are all around us in various costumes. Laughter and talking, music and singing are all around us. "What's wrong?" Jake asks, seeing the distress on my face. "I don't know," I say as I laugh, trying to play it off. "Felt like someone walked over my grave." He rolls his eyes at me and we head to his truck. "Well, it is Halloween, Bella. Lotta ghosts abound. Woo," he jokes and I laugh. Reaching Alice's house is quick seeing as though they're only three blocks over. "Will you look at that?" Jake whistles as we get out. "And I thought I was good with the decorating shit." As usual, Alice has gone all out. She has actual mechanical zombies on the front lawn moving their limbs threateningly, making freaky noises as they seemingly search for someone to sink their teeth into. "You know you can't out do the Pixie, Jake," I say, giggling at his pouty expression. The party is in full swing when we walk in. Alice has the huge sliding doors open, providing a spacious flow from the lounge onto the huge wooden deck outside that Jasper and Edward had spent months building themselves. It doesn't matter what I do, or where I go; there's always something that brings him to mind... Not that he's not a permanent feature there anyway. Jake's already grabbed a beer and making his way out to Emmett, who seems to be the Hulk, when I feel a familiar pair of arms circling me from behind. I lean back against him, inhaling the calming effect he always has on me. "You holding up, little Darlin'?" Jasper asks in that old fashioned cowboy drawl of his that still brings Alice to her knees even after all these years. "Yeah, I'm good," I lie, full well knowing he can see right through me. He's the only one that ever can. "It's okay not to be," he says as he releases me only to turn me around. "I...Jake's been keeping me busy, on purpose, I suppose. I haven't had time to... I'm trying really hard not to..." "Bella!" Alice shouts as she spots us and I'm pulled into her familiar small bodied harder than hell hug that I love so much. "You look fucking hot Miss Devil," she says as she looks me up and down and I laugh as I twirl for her. She always manages to pull my head out of my ass for me. "You're not looking too bad yourself, Miss Tinkerbelle," I say as I get a look of her green barely there dress with matching green stilettos. She has fairy wings on her back with tiny twinkling lights and her skin looks like it's been kissed by fairy dust all over. Jasper, as always, on Alice's request, is dressed like a bona fide cowboy and damn, does he pull it off perfectly. "Where's Carlisle and Esme?" I ask as I look around. "They're not here, Bella," Alice says, sadness filling her voice. "Mom hasn't been handling today very well. You know how she gets...since Edward died..." I almost snarl at her. "It's not a proven fact he's dead, Alice," I remind her, my voice shaking. Her eyes fill with pity as she looks at me. "Oh, Bella. We all wish for that to be true. But after a year...you have to start accepting..." "No," I say, now visibly shaken and Jasper reaches for me but I take a step back. "We didn't bury him, Alice. There was no body. They've never found a body. I didn't bury him...I didn't bury him," I repeat as tears start falling. "And I'll never