Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "Really, Rose?" Bella pulled a stool to her workstation, her weary body welcoming the support as she sat down. Scents of cinnamon, nutmeg, and cardamom, Charlie's secret ingredient, hung thick in the kitchen. Her head leaned to her folded arms resting on the cool stainless steel, avoiding the Granny Smith apples haphazardly strewn around. "Yes, it's our chance to get our pies into the most exclusive bed and breakfast in Colorado." Flour dotted Bella's cheeks when she raised her head, giving Rose a questioning look. Wisps of her chestnut-colored hair now fell from the loose chignon she twisted ten hours ago. "At Cullen Mountain B&B, though? We're understaffed at the moment, remember? And it's seven hours away." Bella rolled her eyes. Rose scoffed. "Your negative attitude about autumn isn't my fault, Bella." However, Rose knew the real reason Bella was against anything in the high country, and why the changing leaves and the scenic mountainous ranges sickened her. Jake left Bella at the altar, so to speak, when he decided hunting and fishing were more appealing than settling down and marrying his high school sweetheart, as they had planned. It didn't help that he left her in the fall, Bella's favorite season of the year. She used to love the crisp air in her face when they cruised twisty mountain roads together—the romantic picnics they had among the changing Aspens, and the babbling creeks he'd piggyback her over to get to their favorite make-out spot. That was two years ago. Somehow, though, Bella's wounds were still gaping, raw, and festering over the way he exited her life. It happened one cool, windy October evening when Jake and Bella were hiking on Cullen Mountain. He said he needed more excitement than what Loveland could provide. He gave her an ultimatum and asked her to join him—but, in actuality, he was going to leave her regardless of whether she followed. Bella couldn't give up her new baking business responsibilities and uproot on a whim—and, as she suspected, he knew her answer already. He kept their hiking backpack, took their Jeep, and switched her out in a heartbeat for a girl named Leah—who, apparently, wanted the same adventures Jake did. Rose sighed, thinking how that had been a rough time in Bella's life, and what a lasting impression it had left on her sweet friend. She eyed Bella warily as she spoke. "Alice will be back from maternity leave soon enough. We'll manage until then. Besides, our pies freeze well." Rose accentuated the point by taking the last of the cooled, boxed apple pies she'd baked that morning, using the apples she and Bella had picked at the local orchard, and put them in the big freezer. "Yeah, she'll be bringing a baby with her. No more classical as our background music. Soon it'll be friggin' Barney." "What do you have against kids, Bella?" "Nothing, if they don't scream bloody murder all day...or obsess over purple dinosaurs." "It's called colic, and hopefully he'll be past that stage when she returns. And I totally fucking agree with you about Barney." "I'm never having kids. Mark my word, Rose." Rose had been Bella's best friend since second grade when Rose moved to Denver from Seattle. One thing Rose wasn't was a coddler. She had always been a hard-ass and truthful with her friends; something Bella needed frequently since her split from Jake. Rose was good at tough love and Bella, even though she hated it at times, appreciated being put in check. "Sure, I'll write that down in the book I have titled Absolutes by Bella Swan along with all the other things you've firmly stated: no boyfriend, no one-night stands, no fun to be had in life." "Hey, that's not fair. I'm fun." "You're practically a twenty-five year old nun—chastity belt and all, firmly in place." "No, I'm not." "Um, yeah. You've been on pussy lockdown for too long." "Whatever. Think what you want." "Prove it otherwise." Rose raised her brow in challenge. She loved getting her best friend going. "I shouldn't have to." Bella straightened her back and dusted flour off her hands. "I'm a ray of fucking sunshine." "Sure. More like a death ray, sunshine." Bella flipped Rose the bird, confirming exactly what Rose was conveying. "And if baby Riley is anything like Jasper, he'll be a peach." "Yes, but so far he's got Alice's short fuse and goes from chill to hysterics in zero point three seconds." "You're such a lovely Auntie." "Yeah, well, don't tell my sister. I think I have her fooled." "Not hardly. You're only fooling yourself. Just like with all the not-gonna-do-its. One day, if you stop being uptight and have an open mind, maybe you'll find the love of your life." "O-kay, Dr. Phil. I'll keep that piece of advice in mind." ..^..CM..^.. The 1991 Chevy Suburban, packed with Sweetie Pies pies, was ready for the seven-hour trip to Cullen Mountain B&B. Jasper had the red beast fueled and running, waiting for the unwilling delivery driver, Bella. She had lost the coin toss and huffed about Rose and Alice throwing her to the wolves, forcing her out of her comfort zone. "Okay, girl. You should make it there by two o'clock," Jasper said, and Bella nodded. "I booked a room for you tonight at the B&B." "You shouldn't have. I need to get back here as soon as possible." "Why? Hot date?" Jasper smirked. "Sure. I'm going to have Paul take me out for pizza then let him impregnate me." "I'm glad to hear you've opened your mind up to a date, a roll in the hay, and a child." He grinned, holding in his laughter. Bella found his response unamusing and situated herself behind the steering wheel with a loud huff. "Take advantage of the hot tub while you're there and have a glass of wine for me." He tapped the vehicle. "Drive safe. See you tomorrow afternoon." Bella reluctantly nodded then headed the Suburban in the direction of the dreaded but beautiful mountains. The ones she used to associate with contentment and love. She bit the inside of her cheek, deep creases marring her forehead. She loathed the idea of making this trip; even though, it could thrust Sweetie Pies into the green again after her father's passing a few years back. Alice, Rose, and Bella put their heads together after his death, and they decided to focus on the business and the signature pie Charlie was famous for—his Mile High Apple Pie. ..^..CM..^.. The cool, crisp wind was heavenly blowing in through the open Suburban window. The majestic mountains in the distance were a breathtaking backdrop for the dreaded trip. Bella let her chignon loose after a few hours on the road and relaxed farther into the worn leather seat. Working its magic, the pine-scented, fresh air rejuvenated her soul as she inhaled. She subconsciously began to enjoy the autumn scenery while she sang John Denver songs playing on her iPod. At the halfway point to the Cullen B&B, Bella made a pit stop when her stomach grumbled and the fuel gauge showed she was nearing empty. She purchased a Slim Jim and Coke, paying the old man in the gas station. It hadn't dawned on her in the moment, but out of habit, she had reached for Jake's favorite snack. It wasn't until she was back on the road and sinking her teeth into the disgusting brown stick of meat that the realization punched her in the gut. Bella winced, twisting off the cap of the ice-cold Coke bottle, taking a swig to wash the salty, smoky taste down. The carbonation burned the entire way down her throat as she swallowed; it was painful, just like Jake and his actions. She was a glutton for punishment, taking yet another sip of her soda instead of the ice tea she normally sipped on. As she ascended the mountain road, climbing farther into her own personal hell, she hurled the partially eaten, nitrate laden, cancer stick out the window. Fuck Jake. ..^..CM..^.. " Rocky Mountain High , my ass," Bella grumbled to herself. She had overplayed John Denver; his lyrics became fingernails clawing down a chalkboard. She tossed the iPod in her purse and drove in silence. "Pftt. I need some weed to get through this day." She'd never been one to toke. She only watched Jake and his buddies pass a bong at parties, but the higher the altitude as she drove, the more she thought about her ex and his ways of relaxing. As she drew closer to the area she and Jake had visited frequently, her mood soured even more and she hastily rolled up the window, trying to block out any fresh, fall air threatening her personal space. Those deep creases marring her forehead early that morning returned. "Only thirty more minutes." She chanted that mantra as if those words were the only thing getting her to her final destination. She stopped watching the snow-peaked mountains in the distance and the vibrant red, burnt-orange, and yellow leaves decorating the trees around her and focused on the road ahead for miles, until smoke started billowing out from under the hood of the red beast. "You've got to be fucking kidding me!" She slammed her hands on the steering wheel and yelled out her frustrations. Bella slowed and coasted the beast, squinting to see through the grayish haze until she found a niche in the road to pull over. A few cars passed her, and she cursed them for not stopping to help. She had no idea how to fix cars, so she fumbled through her purse to find her phone. She tried to dial Jasper, but her phone showed no service. "UGH!" Bella popped the latch on the hood and climbed out of the Suburban. "I guess there's no time like the present to become a mechanic." She tied her navy plaid shirt around her waist and pretended as though she knew what she was doing. She'd seen her dad tune up the family truck a time or two and figured maybe if she looked under the hood something would come to mind. But the only thing Bella accomplished was burning her hand in the process. She clenched her teeth in pain and shook her hand like a crazy person as she fought back the tears that threatened to make her completely lose it. "Hey there!" a male voice shouted, startling her. Bella wiped her hand across the white T-shirt, smudging it with the dirt from the vehicle. When she turned around, a teenager with jet black hair and brown eyes was leaning his head out of an old blue truck. "H-hi," Bella said brokenly, biting her lip from the pain in her hand. "I'm Seth. Need some help?" Bella nodded. "I'm Bella and... I'm hopeless at this shit." She waved her hand under the hood. "No worries. I'm pretty good at fixing things." Seth was out of his truck and to her rescue in no time. Bella marveled at how adept he was under the hood. It reminded her of watching her dad. "Looks like you need some oil. You've got a leak." "Hmm. Well, that sucks, I'm fresh out," Bella teased. "Today is your lucky day." "Really?" she questioned. "Because when I left Loveland this morning, I was convinced it wasn't," she mumbled under her breath. "Yep, I have some at the B&B." "Cullen Mountain B&B?" "The one and only. I'm Seth Cullen." "I'm actually headed there. I'm Bella Swan from Sweetie Pies. I have a truck full of Mile High Apple Pies to deliver." "In that case, let's get your vehicle fixed. I need an after-school snack." Seth laughed, and Bella joined in. He was a bright spot in an otherwise gloomy day. "Hop in." He motioned to his truck. "I'll wait