Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. "That one, over there. That one looks good." My sister Rose points to the far end of the pumpkin patch, juggling her coffee cup in one hand and a whiny toddler on her hip. The two others run around her legs screaming that they're bored and soooo hungry. Even though my feet hurt and I'm so hungry, I hide my eye-roll and trudge across the patch, not wanting to anger the beast within, AKA their overstressed, under-caffeinated mother. When I reach the far corner, I squat and sigh, finding yet another half-eaten pumpkin. "No go, Ro. The bugs got to this one, too," I shout then stand with a small groan before heading back over. It's our fault, really, for waiting until the last minute to take the kids pumpkin picking. We do this every year, and every year we leave with next to no pumpkins. You'd think we'd learn. Or at least try a different pumpkin patch. "I can't believe there's such slim pickings already. I mean it's still September." Yeah. Thirtieth. "You know how small this place is. Not to mention it's closest to town. Everybody stops here first." "Yeah, I guess. Here, take Bree." Rose passes off my niece to me. "I gotta get these two something to eat before they start gnawing on the corn stalks like last year." Rose gathers up the twins and shoos them toward the barbeque pit. It's really the only reason to come to the Platt Fruit Farm: the barbeque and the fact our grandparents are long-time friends of the Platt family. Adjusting Bree on my hip, I head over behind them. The sun is cozy in the crisp, cool air. Leaves crunch under our feet courtesy of the red oaks speckled across the land. My stomach pangs are all that much stronger when the tangy scent is picked up on the breeze. Bree and I are both salivating by the time we reach the tent. Or maybe that's just slobber. Rose socializes while I get the boys a plate, sending her an annoyed glare every now and then. Once they're settled, I hand Bree back off to her mom to get a plate for myself, always reminded why I'm glad I don't have kids when mealtime rolls around. All four of them peck at their food as if they weren't really hungry to begin with. I wish I had their discipline. But I don't. Never will. That's why I'll smash this pork and add on to these hips. My eyes roll into the back of my head the moment the sauce hits my tongue. I wash down the yumminess with a Solo cup full of warm apple cider, regretting how much I've eaten almost immediately after I'm done. Ro's plate is still half full when we get up to throw our trash away, making me feel like even more of a fatass. "So, what's next?" Rose asks. The boys and I shrug while Bree sucks on her fingers. "You guys ready to ride up to the orchard?" There's a consensual shout of excitement. "Orchard it is then." We pile the kids onto the hay bales. The twins won't sit still. Bree clings to her mother as we rock back and forth, trying our damnedest not to fall off while the food in my full belly threatens to make a reappearance. "So, I was talking to Mrs. Platt." "Yeah?" "Yeah, she was telling me how her daughter's moved back. She has two sons around our age. I forget their names. You know how I am with names." I nod. I do. I've been her twin for twenty-seven years now and she still forgets mine. "Anyway, she brought them with her. They're helping out with the harvest. Which should be good. City boys working on a farm, picking apples. I'd pay to see that." Quirking a brow, I nod as I picture it. She might just get to. "What about the guy she married? Didn't he come with them? What's that about?" I ask because I'm just as nosey as her. It's the only thing Rose and I have in common. She came out perfect, tall, and blonde. I'm short and flawed. Have boring brown hair. But it's shiny. And my nose is more slender, thanks to Dad. Rose shrugs. "I don't know. She didn't say. It felt rude to ask, like I was prying." "You love to pry." "I know, but I don't need other people knowing that." I can't argue with her there. When the tops of the apple trees come into view, the boys get a little extra rowdy. Hooting and hollering like little loons. "Pipe down, you little pipsqueaks," Rose chides, with a light pat on each one of their butt cheeks when they don't listen. "Benjamin, Braden. I mean it." Bree giggles at their corporal punishment. I smile, feeling like a proud aunt, knowing she must have gotten her dark sense of humor from me. The tractor stops and the boys jump out, taking off for the apple trees. In between throwing the mushy bruised ones at each other, they pick the ones they can reach and toss a few in their bags. Once we've filled one, we move on to the next, and the next. Until Bree's snoring on her mom's shoulder and the boys are sitting in the shade of an apple tree, shamelessly munching on the apples. "You know what, I don't even care," Rose says when she spots them. She gently adjusts Bree in her arms, trying not to wake her. "I really should have brought the stroller." "Why didn't you?" "Because. It's just one more thing and she's big enough to walk." Adjusting her again, she heads over to sit with the boys. I plop down beside them, closing my eyes as soon as my back hits the trunk of the tree. The breeze picks up, taking pity on us all in our exhausted state. The crinkle of the leaves blowing back and forth nearly lulls me to sleep just before a loud crunch startles me awake. "You guys check those for worms?" a masculine voice asks. I squint up, shielding my eyes, but all I can make out is a pair of brown leather boots, blue jeans, and the bottom of a black flannel top. "Worms?" Brady asks the man. He's always been the more squeamish of the two. "Where?" "In the apples." "There's worms in the apples?" Ben repeats in fascination, then proceeds to search his intently, hoping to find one. Brady looks at his then throws it to the ground in disgust. "Yuck." The man laughs, showing straight white teeth, which is pretty rare in this area. "Hey, what's your name?" Ben asks the guy, and he stoops down to Ben's level where I can finally make out the scruffy side of his face. "Edward. What's yours?" he asks my nephew, briefly glancing at me. His light green eyes catch the sun, sparkling just like the peridot birthstone hanging around my neck. I grab it so I have something to hold on to. His rusty brown hair shines just as bright as mine, if not brighter. I make a mental note to have Rose ask him what shampoo and conditioner he uses before we leave. "Benjamin Marcus King. And that's my twin brother Brady." He points his thumb over his shoulder like his brother is of no importance. Brady side-eyes his brother. "Braden Garrett King," he corrects, then goes to shake Edward's hand. "Nice to meet you." Edward looks impressed then chuckles again, glancing at me … again. "Hi, I'm Rosalie Margaret King," Rose says, mocking her boys properness. "Mom to these three." She points. "This is Breelyn Victoria King and that over there is my sister Isabella Marie Swan. But we call her Bella. Bella, Brady, Ben, Bree, Rose." She points again, blabbering. I give her a look to shut the hell up already. "Are you one of Mrs. Platt's grandsons?" she continues, ignoring me as always. Edward nods once. "Yes, ma'am." Rose's nostrils flare and I gum my lips. My amusement is short lived when I remember we're the same age. Therefore, I must look like a ma'am to him too. Bummer. Rose and I speak through looks as Edward shows the boys how to tell if a worm's infested an apple. Thankfully both of them are safe. Brady breathes a "thank Christ" and Rose playfully kicks the side of his shoe. "Language." He yells out a not-so-sorry apology and takes off behind Ben, both in search of worm infested apples now that they've found their second wind. My gaze travels from my nephews back to Edward. His eyes crinkle at the edge when he smiles. It tickles me low in my belly. But then I remember Bree's colic and how Rose always has to share her food and the feeling fades away. "So, Edward," Rose says, catching the attention of both of us. "Where is this brother of yours?" He looks away from the boys and at Rose with this cute one-eye-squinted smile on his face. "He's the one working the tractor." He points as it creeps back over the hill. I can't see his face, but I can tell he has a nice body, given the tight jeans and how his bicepses bulge out of the ripped sleeves of his red flannel. It's a wonder we didn't notice him before. Rose's eyebrows raise. "Are you both single?" My mouth drops but I quickly close it, giving Rose a questioning side-eye, which she can't see since she's looking at Edward. "We are." For some unforeseen reason this pleases me. Rose too, apparently. "Interesting. Do you have any plans while you're here?" "No. Not particularly." "Uh huh. Does that mean you're free this Friday?" I give Rose a full-on incredulous look now. What is she doing? "We'll have to do some things around here but after that we should be." "Great. You guys can come to dinner then. You got your phone on you?" "Uh, yeah." Rose reaches out her hand. "Well, let's see it." Edward hesitates before reaching into his back pocket and surrendering his phone to the crazy question lady. "No lock. Good man," she condones, getting ready to take us on a tour of TMI-ville. "I like that." And here we go. "Royce locks his. Didn't always, but now he does. What's he hiding?" Rose asks rhetorically. "What doesn't he want me to see?" Edward glances at me. Finding no help, he turns back to my sister. "I doubt it's anything," he says, surprising me that he answers at all. "Lots of people lock their phones. My brother does. Says it's to protect his personal information. Everything auto-signs in these days. If somebody stole it they'd have access to everything." Rose thinks about this for a moment. "I guess that makes sense." "Totally," I add like an idiot. It's pretty much all I've contributed to the entire conversation. Edward smiles slightly in my direction. We hold each other's gaze until the boys call his name. "Here." Rose hands him back his phone. "I saved our address in your GPS under The Kings. Dinner's at six. My phone's in for repairs, so I added Bella as a contact in case you get lost." Rose smiles, taking pleasure in my pain. Edward looks as if he doesn't know what to say so he just thanks Rose for the invite then excuses himself. I wait until he's a few trees down before I lay into my insane sister. "What the hell was that?" "What?" "Your phone is in your purse and it works just fine." "Yeah, so? He doesn't know that." "Uh, okay. That's not really the point." "What exactly is the point?" "I don't know. What exactly is all this about Friday night dinner?" "I was being neighborly." "He's not