Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. This was it. My big break. I'd done more than my fair share of coffee runs, early morning starts and late night stays. Now, today, I was finally being let loose on the good folks of Washington to write my first solo report for the originally named Forks Reporter. Ok, so it wasn't the front-page news event I'd dreamt of when I was a seven-year-old interviewing dolls in my tree house, but it was a start. I'd spent far too much of the previous day planning my outfit for today. I certainly didn't want to look too casual for my first day solo in the field, but knowing I'd be spending most of it outside meant I had to dress for the weather and this fall was pretty vicious. The richly colored leaves had been helped from their branches by the unwelcome wind that had whipped around our little town for the past week or so, indiscriminately ripping tiles from roofs and sending wobbly mail boxes crashing to the ground. That, however, was a different story, for a different reporter because my first solo job was full coverage of Forks' 35th annual Fall Festival. When Alec announced my assignment at last week's team meeting I'd played it cool (I hoped) and pretended I wasn't excited but I remembered about ten of those thirty-five festivals from my own childhood. From about the ages of six to sixteen I'd visited them with my dad, eating so much cotton candy I'd feel sick. We'd stand and watch at the toffee apple stall, inhaling the sickly sweet smell as the old man in charge expertly coated the apples in just the right amount of toffee to make your teeth stick together when you took your first delicious bite. Now, my keen reporter's eye had noticed the last time I visited, that there was a newer, modern stall, run by a teenager who looked very inconvenienced by his customers. The toffee apples were all coated in chocolate, or sprinkles, or nuts, or worse, all three. I don't know why because the whole point of a toffee apple was the toffee but I guess, while that little fact annoyed me, it wasn't exactly front page news. And my job was to find the front page news. My pursuit of such news had led me to the Fall Festival on a crisp and thankfully dry Saturday. Working on a Saturday wasn't at the top of my list of fun weekend activities but I knew I had to work my way up the pecking order. Mike Newton, the boss's son, sure as hell wasn't out covering a town festival in these windy conditions and Tyler Crawley positively beamed when he heard I had the assignment this year. Apparently last year he'd upset too many of the kids, and parents too, when he tripped and fell on several of the best carved pumpkin entries, squashing them to a pulp minutes before the judging started. I consoled myself with the knowledge that I was unlikely to do a worse job than he had. However, I knew that while I was determined to do a better job than Tyler, although he wasn't my main competition. Edward Cullen, reporter extraordinaire, would apparently be gracing the festival with his presence today. He was reporting for the Clallam County Chronicles, the bigger county paper and the only other one for miles around. I knew more about Edward's reputation than I knew about the man himself. He was a few years ahead of me in school so we were close enough in age to overlap at Forks High, but not to socialize. Not that that stopped some of the girls in my class from trying. The rolled up skirts and extra layer of lipstick never did work though. It appeared the only way to get noticed by Edward Cullen was to have your dad arrest him for something it was later found out he didn't do. That was a great way for him to know exactly who you were in the corridors of Forks high. And to have him hate you for it. I sighed at the memory of the way his piercing green eyes always cut right through me, making me shrink into the lockers of the high school hallway whenever he strode past with his gaggle of girls. I was unsure why he was even reporting at the festival, I'd have thought it was beneath him but I'd heard around town that he'd volunteered this year. Knowing his reputation it was probably so a colleague could visit a sick grandparent or attend a child's birthday. Edward was the town's sweetheart, he was the victim, a hero who could do no wrong, but for the above reason, he and I had never hit it off. Maybe because every other female in town tried to hit it off with him. I followed the painted wooden signs to the parking lot, knowing the overnight rain would make parking in Mr. Cope's field almost impossible. Large tire tracks were now embedded in the wet sludgy mud which my car wheels slid into despite my best efforts to avoid them and find my own path. I slowed to a crawl until I found a spot and managed to maneuver Maggie, my beloved 1969 blue barracuda, into the relatively small spot between a Volvo and a station wagon. Fortunately for me Grace was not my middle name because the irony of that would have been newsworthy. I was notoriously unbalanced and ungraceful so I made a conscious effort to exit my car carefully. Unfortunately I was so busy watching my footing in the sludgy mud I didn't look where I was walking. That's probably the reason I walked head first into someone, making me stumble back with an 'oomph' as my feet slid around, desperate for purchase but only finding wet mud. My arms were full of everything I thought I needed for the day. I didn't want to forget anything for my first solo job so I'd brought enough notebooks to copy out War and Peace on, plenty of pens, including my favorite pen which was decorated in nerdy glasses. In my other hand were several recording devices, (I didn't want one of them jamming on me right as the leaf-wreath winner is announced) as well as spare batteries. I knew I could use my iPhone, but I had visions of being a proper reporter, pulling out my cassette recorder, shoving it under some unsuspecting soul's nose and asking a ton of often boring and sometimes inappropriate questions. Hanging off my arm by a wrist strap was my trusty camera. Complete with the deluxe, oversized flash attachment. The newspaper's budget wasn't big enough for a reporter and a photographer and my phone didn't cut it for photos that needed to be printed, so this was my best bet. I'd also packed myself a lunch along with two bottles of water, because I always get cranky, really cranky if I get dehydrated, and today was no time to be cranky. Carrying all this kit around with me meant my hands were too full to catch my balance. I'd just convinced myself that I was about to land, ass first, into the muddy slop I was trying to walk on, when a pair of hands gripped my upper arms and steadied me. I saw his strong, sturdy, remarkably clean, workman type boots first. How were this guy's boots not covered in mud? Growing up, my mum always said I attracted mud and trouble but I hadn't thought she meant it literally...until now. My astonishment at his clean boots was only eclipsed by my astonishment at him. My eyes, rather unintentionally, followed his body northwards, over his loose-but-hugging-all-the-right-parts-of-him-jeans to his silver belt buckle. I gulped and continued my visual assault, over his red check shirt, which was open to reveal a tight, plain white, V-necked tee. A few chest hairs poked out the top of the tee, making my eyes pause before they carried on over his Adam's apple to the stubble on his jaw. It wasn't until my eyes met his that I shook my head and finally found my footing. I couldn't believe this was happening. Of all the guys in Forks, it was him. Of course it was him. "Well, well, well. We meet again, Miss Swan." His voice was smooth and annoyingly chipper as he stared at my credentials badge. I made a mental note to move that badge away from my breasts as I now felt like he was staring right at them. I can't say I minded too much, but if creepy Mr. Clearwater from the local organic fruit stall was here, as I assumed he would be, it would be a different story. Edward slowly released my arms, his hands hovering near my shoulders for a second to check I had regained my balance before he crossed them over his chest in an irritatingly manly stance. "Errr, hi? Hi." I greeted him, changing my unsure question into a statement as his smile turned from amusement to surprise. I shook my head. I was a full-fledged reporter now; I'd completed the Sexual Harassment in the Workplace training and everything. I was a proper adult with a job that would be the start of my career. I wasn't going to let this golden boy disarm me. I was a member of the United States Honor Society for Journalism Students, and an award-attending reporter. Granted that wasn't the best byline, but I was confident I would one day be an award-winning reporter, like Mr. Smug Pants in front of me. I briefly wondered if he should be smug about what was in his pants but I shook that thought from my mind. Yes I did. I did. Kind of. I cleared my throat and held my head up high. "Edward, how nice to see you here." "You too. You look very...prepared." His smirk of amusement was back as he eyed the items I was holding. "Yes, well, I'm sure you were a Boy Scout. Always be prepared and all that." "Bella, I am always prepared," he announced, with such mock seriousness I was sure he was talking about being prepared for something other than reporting on Forks' largest carrot. "Oh. That's, err, that's good to know," I mumbled, glancing at the pen and pencil tucked neatly into his shirt pocket and the slightly curling spiral-bound notebook protruding from the back pocket of his jeans. "Hmmm." Yep. Now I definitely knew I was rather over prepared. Edward, however, looked highly amused at my collection of recorders and stationery. Thankfully he managed to keep his comments about 'old relics', 'museum pieces' and 'Starsky and Hutch era' to a minimum as I decided to offload some of my haul while I was still close enough to Maggie. In an amazing effort of coordination and balance I managed to make it back to my car and leave most of the items in the trunk. Having spotted Mrs. Banner's soup kitchen's truck in the parking lot, I also dumped my lunch in favor of hot, wholesome food rather than sandwiches. I then applied some lip balm before leaving that in the truck, too. For moisturizing purposes only, of course. Not to smell nice or attract anyone in particular. No, just because it was windy. Yes, it was very windy today. With a smaller bag consisting of the bare essentials I took a deep breath and turned to face the muddy slop I'd have to negotiate again. To my surprise Edward was standing where I'd left him, waiting for me. I wished he wasn't, I must have looked like a baby giraffe taking its first steps as I tried to navigate the muddy swamp people in this town called a parking lot. When I hobbled close enough