I've had this idea in my head for so long, I had to write it down. So here's the story, enjoy! Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo Never Let Me Go (I might not be there when you come back.) Or 3 times Percy and Annabeth are paranoid and the one time they are rightfully so. You don't know when it happened. When your feelings for him began getting so intense it hurt you to be even an inch away from him. When if he wasn't connected to you, you felt like something in you heart was missing. After the second Giant War you spend every available waking moment together. At first it's normal (well as normal as it can be from coming back from a war and actual hell.) There are so many things to do, so many distractions. Repairing the camp, traveling to New Rome, working out peace negotiations. You are constantly busy, there is no time to think about everything you and him have been through. No time for the visions to haunt you, to take ahold of your mind and never let go. Right now you are somewhat at peace. But only if you are at his side. Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo i. After a few months it starts to set in. Chiron forces you to teach a battle strategy class at Camp. Unfortunately Percy cannot be with you, he's teaching a sword fighting class in the arena. As hesitant you are to be away from him, you think it's probably a good idea to learn how to function on your own. After all, he can't be next to you for everything (can he?) You are in the Athena cabin talking about the importance of a good defence when inexplicably your mind goes blank. You don't know how it starts, all you know is that suddenly you're back in the dark and you can't see and he's nowhere to be found and you're searching for him, reaching out into the void... and then nothing. "Annabeth? Annabeth! ANNABETH!" You blink and you hear a blood curdling scream and it takes you a second to figure out it's yours. You're lying on the bed in Cabin 3 and Percy's face is above you, his sea green eyes swirling with concern and it's enough to make you cry even more. You clutch his arms, tears streaming down you face and his and ask if he's real. And he brings you into a hug and you can feel his desperation as he assures you that, yes he's real, he will always be with you, and you're are safe. You look up at him with your tear stricken eyes and say something that will haunt him in his nightmares, his dreams. "Don't make promises you can't keep." Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo ii. The second time you're separated he's the one who has the problem. After the first incident you and him were attached at the hip for weeks. After a month you are getting better, more able to be alone without breaking down, which is good because school is starting and you're sure you and Percy won't have all of the same classes. You are embarrassed that you are the only one having the major problems so far. He hasn't had any visions, nightmares, flashbacks. Whenever you ask him about it he just responds with a wink and a, "Maybe I'm just stronger than you WiseGirl, ever think about that?" His tone is joking, but his eyes are begging you to stop talking and you're never one to take orders but you do this time. Something tells you not to push him, he'll tell you when he's ready. So life continues and pretty soon you have to go back to school. You're sitting in your advanced math class, just trying to stay awake because as a daughter of Athena you pretty much learned this stuff in kindergarten. (Ok, maybe that's a bit of an exaggeration, but that doesn't make the class any less boring.) You are contemplating whether or not you should correct the problem on the board when you're cellphone (The one you begged Chiron to let you have) starts blaring in your bag. The teacher glares at you and tells you to turn it off and you're about to until you see who's calling. It's Piper. Part of you is relieved that maybe you'll be able to get out of this class. The other part is pushing down your rising panic because you know that Piper wouldn't call you in the middle of class if it wasn't an emergency. Ignoring your teacher's death glare (yours is better anyway) you accept the call and press the phone to your ear. Immediately you hear a scream and a calm voice telling the screamer to calm down. "Piper, Piper!" You have to shout to be heard above the racket. "Annabeth, oh thank gods!" She sounds breathless and panicked and you instinctively reach for the knife hidden in your belt. "Piper, what's going on?!" You hold your breath for her answer, although a part of you already knows what's coming next. "It's Percy. We were in Science and he just started freaking out. Hurry, meet me in the janitor's closet on the second floor!" A loud bang cuts off the call and you just sit there for a second letting the panic rise and overwhelme you. Its your teacher's snappy voice that breaks you out of your spell. You ignore her threats and quickly pack up your things, not paying attention to the stares and whispers of your classmates. You exit the classroom and jog down the hallway and run up the stairs, cursing the gods who decided to have the math classroom on the first floor and the science classroom on the second. You make it to the closet, yank the door open, and step inside. It's a mess. Different cleaner brands are scattered on the shelves and on the floor. A mop is lying discarded in the corner. You're eyes shoot to Percy, sitting on a bench with a blank stare, like he's been brainwashed. You rush over to him, tripping on a broom, and sit besides him. "Percy?" You snap your fingers in front of his face and he doesn't respond. You look into his eyes say his name again. Nothing. Even so you put your arms around him and turn towards the brown haired Cheroke girl who is standing in the opposite corner looking out of place. "What happened?" You ask. Her kaleidoscopic eyes meet your grey ones and she tells you about how in science he just suddenly froze and started screaming your name. She tells you about how she got them out of class with her charmspeak and how he threw a fit trying to find her. She explains how she tried to calm him down and when she couldn't she called you and he went numb. While she explains this you rub his back and whisper in his ear about how you are ok and he is ok and you both are together. When she finishes you pull away from him and smash your lips to his. He is cold at first, frozen and you wonder if this was the right thing to do and are about to pull away when you feel him kiss back. You sigh with relief and pull away. He looks at you for the first time since you entered the closet. "I couldn't get to you in time. You, you fell and I couldn't reach you and..." You take in his glossy eyes and pale face. It's enough for you to take him in your arms again and run your hands through his unruly black hair. He cries on your shoulder and you turn to thank Piper for calling you. She's already gone. And when Percy gets back to normal and you go to Sally's apartment to eat blue cookies and milk, the detention you get for cutting class is so worth it. Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo iii. The third time you are alone you come to a understanding and you learn that you're instincts aren't always correct. You bite your lip as you pace in Cabin 6. You know this is driving Malcom crazy, but you can't get yourself to stop. You've just had your first big fight with Percy since you got back from Tartarus. Sure, you fight a lot, but this fight was bigger than any of the ones before. This one had the potential to end your relationship and as mad as you are at Percy right now, you know you can't live without him. It has been tense ever since his break down. He has been closed off and as much as you try to reconnect with him you aren't able to. It scares you, it terrifies you because you are weak without him and you care about him and why wouldn't he just talk to you goddammit! You don't even remember what you started fighting about only that it became about you accusing him of not trusting you and him saying that if you think that maybe he should just leave. And in your blind fury you told him to go. And he glared at you in a way that was very un-Percy and stormed out of your cabin. And now he is gone. An hour before you had come to your senses and started looking for him. You checked the arena, Cabin 3, the mess hall, the infirmary, and even the great lawn and you still couldn't find him. Now you are annoying Malcom with your theories as to what might have happened to him. "He could've been mauled by a hellhound," "Annabeth." "Or caught by a sea monster," "Annabeth." "Or, oh gods, if Hera took him again, I swear-" "Annabeth!" Malcom grabs your arms to get you to stop pacing. "I'm sure he's fine. He's the hero of Olympus, I'm sure he can handle anything. Besides he's probably just visiting Grover or something." You take a deep breath to calm yourself. You have this feeling, this nagging feeling that he's in danger. No one else understands the connection you have with him. You know he's in danger, you just know it. You storm out of your cabin and run down to the beach. You are about to call to Poesidon and ask him if he knows where Percy is when you see a lone figure sitting on the sand. Without a doubt, you know it's him and you breathe a sigh of relief knowing he's ok. You become nervous again, what on earth should you say? After a moments contemplation you walk over to him and delicately fold yourself into the sand besides him. If he hears you, he doesn't react. You sit there for a while, holding your breath. Despite everything you can't bring yourself to speak. You are about to give up and walk away when you hear his voice, low and quite. "I'm sorry." You wait for more, but nothing else comes. So you turn towards him and tilt his head to yours. "I am too. I never wanted you to leave, I just said that because I was angry. You were shutting me out and I didn't know what to do because I can't live without you and-" You cut yourself off when you find him looking at you with a remorseful expression. "I never meant to shut you out, Annabeth. I just needed some time to think things through, ya know? After...after Tartarus things have been weird. I just...needed some alone time." You nod and turn away so he can't see the tears building in your eyes. You understand, you really do, that he needs his space. The words still sting. But most of all you are scared. All of your life you have kept everyone at a distance, scared that you would depend too much on someone and then they would disappear. And that is the exact thing that happened to