Chapter One It was an annual ritual which no-one in the districts enjoyed, a ritual imposed on them as punishment for the attempt, nearly two generations ago, to overthrow the Capitol. Everyone in Panem knew the story of how the districts rose up, only for the rebellion to be crushed, resulting in the destruction of District 13 and the creation of the Treaty of Treason. This Treaty, as every man, woman and child in the districts knew only too well, decreed that, once every year, each district must send one male and one female between the ages of twelve and eighteen to serve as tributes in the Hunger Games. Ruth stood in the roped-off area with the rest of the fifteen-year-olds who lived in District 9, sixteen-, seventeen- and eighteen-year-olds in front of them and twelve-, thirteen- and fourteen-year-olds behind. All of them were waiting anxiously to hear which of them would have their names drawn from the reaping balls, meaning they would face almost certain death in whatever arena the Gamemakers had dreamed up this year. For that was what the Hunger Games were all about, forcing youngsters to fight to the death on live TV, thereby reminding the people of Panem that the Capitol had the power of life and death over all of them. And, if your fellow tributes didn't get you, the chances were some trick of the Gamemakers would. Now, Septima Trott, District 9's flamboyant escort, was tottering towards the reaping balls on her ridiculously high heels. Like all citizens of the Capitol, she liked to look as outrageous as she could, favouring mint green hair with lips to match and dressing as garishly as possible; today, she was wearing a shocking pink dress which clashed violently with her bright red shoes. And, like all citizens of the Capitol, she saw the Hunger Games as a form of entertainment and nothing more. She gave no thought to the fact that, in the last forty-three Games, nearly a thousand young people had died in the name of that "entertainment", nor that at least one of those whose names she was about to call would soon be joining the list of dead tributes. "And, now, the moment you've all been waiting for . . ." She paused for an imaginary drum roll, then reached into the ball containing the names of every twelve- to eighteen-year-old girl in District 9. "Which of you lucky ladies will get to go to the Capitol? Ooh, I can't wait!" As always, she made a big show of pulling out a single slip of paper, unfolding it and reading out the name written on it. "Ruth Waterhouse!" Ruth felt as though she was in a dream, a bad dream from which she would soon awaken. None of it felt real. The Waterhouses were one of the better-off families in District 9, so neither Ruth nor her older sister, Katie, had ever had any need to sign up for tesserae, the system which allowed youngsters to claim a year's supply of grain and oil for themselves and each member of their family in exchange for extra entries in the reaping ball. Some kids accumulated large numbers of entries in this way, though no-one knew what the record was. But Ruth only had the four entries allocated to all fifteen-year-olds; she had not needed any more. Nonetheless, her name had been called and, whether she wanted to or not, she had to step forward and walk onto that stage. As she walked through the assembled youngsters, she held her head up high, determined to show those watching on their televisions in other districts that she was not afraid, even though she could feel her heart hammering in her chest. All eyes were on her, a teenaged girl with shoulder-length light brown hair, as she climbed the steps onto the stage and joined those already assembled there. The moment she was on the stage, Septima seized her hand in a vice-like grip and yanked her arm into the air. "Your female tribute!" Septima cried in the over-excited way typical of the Capitol. "But do any of you . . ." She gazed meaningfully at the other girls of reaping age. " . . . think you stand a better chance? If so, step right up and volunteer!" No-one moved, though this wasn't surprising. Under the rules of the reaping, once someone's name had been drawn, another eligible youngster of the same gender was allowed to volunteer as tribute in their place. However, while volunteers were common in Districts 1, 2 and 4, the districts where children began training for the Hunger Games almost as soon as they could walk, they were less so in other districts. Ruth was too young to remember the last time someone from District 9 had volunteered, but she had seen the Games in question repeated on television and knew the boy concerned had made it into the final six before being impaled on a spear wielded by the male tribute from District 2. Septima cleared her throat as theatrically as possible. "Ahem! Since there are no volunteers, we must move right along and choose your male tribute." She reached into the other ball, the one containing the boys' names, and repeated her performance of a few minutes earlier. "Lukas Green!" A seventeen-year-old youth walked up to stand beside Ruth and Septima asked for volunteers from among the boys, who gave the same response as the girls. As the mayor began to read the Treaty of Treason, Ruth found herself looking Lukas up and down. She knew his name, but he was, at best, a casual acquaintance; the only other thing she knew about him was that he had been taking tesserae since he was twelve, for himself, his widowed mother and four younger siblings. In his first year of eligibility, he had had as many entries in the reaping ball as the minimum allowed for eighteen-year-olds; now, at the age of seventeen, he had amassed forty-two entries, one of which had just been drawn. Soon, he, Ruth and twenty-two other tributes would be forced into a contest in which there could be only one winner, a contest in which defeat meant certain death. The mayor finished speaking and directed Ruth and Lukas to shake hands. This they did, but formally, knowing they would soon be caught up in an inescapable fight to the death. When it came to the Hunger Games, you could not afford to get too friendly with your fellow tributes, not even your district partner. As the national anthem of Panem blared out, Septima addressed the crowd one last time. "Let's hear it for your tributes in the Forty-fourth Hunger Games - Ruth Waterhouse and Lukas Green!" Obediently, every man, woman and child in District 9 applauded. Demmie Waterhouse, or Demeter as she was known officially, had lived in fear of this moment ever since she became a mother, the moment when one of her daughters' names would be drawn from the reaping ball. Fortunately, Katie had turned nineteen at the beginning of the year, meaning she was now safe. But Ruth had not been so fortunate; out of the thousands of entries in the girls' ball, one of the four containing her name had been drawn. If only her luck could have held out for a few more years . . . But it hadn't and, as a result, Ruth was now sitting in District 9's Justice Building, saying goodbye to those she loved. "I can't believe I'm sitting here," Demmie was saying, as she and Ruth sat side-by-side on the plush couch. Her husband, Neil, sat in a nearby armchair, seemingly unable to find the words to say what needed to be said, though he had given Ruth a hug when he and his wife came to say goodbye. The three of them were in one of the rooms in the Justice Building that had been reserved for this purpose. It was hard for Demmie and Neil to say farewell to their daughter, not knowing if the next time they saw Ruth in the flesh would be as a returning victor or as a corpse shipped back to District 9 in a simple wooden box. "I remember when they took your Aunt Blossom," Demmie added, referring to her younger sister who had been reaped at the age of thirteen for the Twenty-third Games. For a moment, Demmie's eyes clouded over as she recalled watching helplessly as Blossom, seven years her junior, walked onto the stage. There had been nothing she could do; she was too old to volunteer and there was no way she could take her sister and run, not with the Peacekeepers watching. She had sat with Blossom in this very room, given her a length of pink ribbon as a district token . . . That same length of ribbon was now in a box in Demmie's wardrobe, returned to District 9 along with the body of its owner. Ruth knew talking about Blossom still upset her mother. Talking about those who died in the Hunger Games was always upsetting, especially the twelve- and thirteen-year-olds. As the youngest tributes, they were often quickly weeded out by their older competitors; only once in the history of the Games had a tribute younger than fourteen made it into the final three. Ruth reached out and squeezed Demmie's hand. "Don't worry," she said. "I'll do my best and, if that's not good enough, I'll just have to take a few of the other tributes down with me." Demmie hugged her daughter close, wishing she could never let go, wishing she could protect her from the cruel system that had landed her in the position of having to kill or be killed. But, like all citizens of Panem, she was powerless against the Capitol and, as if to prove it, a Peacekeeper walked in at that moment and told Ruth's parents their time was up. Reluctantly, Demmie let go. "Goodbye, Ruth," she said, turning to walk away before the girl could see the tears which had welled up in her eyes. It felt uncannily like the day, twenty-one years earlier, she had left Blossom to face her doom. Was Ruth about to face a similar fate? Demmie did not know, but she would find out in the next few weeks whether she liked it or not. She took one last look at her younger daughter, then left the room. Before following his wife, Neil Waterhouse walked over to Ruth and shook her hand. "Good luck," he told her, though he knew the chances of her actually winning were slim. Out of forty-three previous victors, only two had come from District 9. Katie came in with her husband, Alf Morse, whom she had married in this very building only a few weeks earlier. As was traditional at a District 9 wedding, Ruth had presented the couple with ears of wheat to symbolise the hope that their union would be a fruitful one, resulting in many children. Of course, the fear that at least one of those children might end up as a tribute was constantly present, but most parents tried not to think of that. Besides, in some of the poorer districts, many people died young even without the Hunger Games. "So, the Hunger Games, huh?" Katie said, hiding her fears for her younger sister behind a mask of bravado. "Think you can win?" Ruth could only reply with a non-committal shrug. She and Katie had always been open with each other and both knew there was little chance that Ruth could get through this alive. They had been watching the Games on television all their lives, albeit from the safety of Demmie's lap when they were very little and might feel the urge to seek comfort during the more violent moments, and knew how tough some of the tributes could be. Especially the ones from Districts