A/N: Alright guys, those of you who are waiting on the next chapter of A Different Song And Dance, I apologize for not having the next chapter up. I promise that I am working on it. I've just been babysitting three kids, my nephews and niece ages three, two and seven months. This story came to me so naturally that I couldn't ignore it. It is one of those what if kind of idea that nearly typed itself without my permission. Anyway, I hope you enjoy my latest trip into the oddball side of things in a story that felt the need to right past wrongs for the greater good of everyone involved. Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter, characters or the world they reside in. I do, however, own my overly oddball plot bunnies that move my fingers to type these things. This is also my first het story in a very long time. Warnings: mild language use, evil old goats, and soul sucking of criminals mentioned. Enjoy! ^.^ Edit A/N: To Aealket and Sable Rose, I thank you for pointing out the left out parts of the story. I hadn't noticed that those things were missing and I hope I fixed them in a way that will help the story. Thanks guys! ^_^ When Dreams Become Reality He'd always heard that there was a fine line between dreams and reality, but had never really believed it. As much as he trusted his best friend Luna, he honestly couldn't see himself as the dream weaver that she so often told him he was. Luna had a gift, you see, and it came with her gift of Sight. She could see and read auras and could clearly tell what a person's hidden gifts were. Had Harry believed in Divinations and all the rot associated with it, as according to the crackpot Trawnely, he could've trusted Luna enough to have researched and learned to master his gift before something this bloody bazaar happened to him. Honestly, who was he to stop fate from screwing him over numerous times without his consent? -Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry; Thursday, September 5, 1996 Gryffindor 6 th year Boys Dorm- The dream was reoccurring, and it was one of those dreams that had a clarity only reality should have. He stood there, in the St. Mungo's that existed in the 1930's, smiling proudly at the newborn babe in his arms. It was he and Merope's firstborn. She'd borne him a son, a precious baby boy with a tuft of dark chestnut hair, Blue green eyes, and a face that hinted at the handsome man he'd grown to be. It was a face that spoke of his own handsome features, but had touches of his dear wife. He smiled his complete and utter joy as he gently placed the infant in his wife's arms and watched, with tenderness in his eyes, as she nursed their son. He was a pureblooded wizard, thanks to his mother's squib bloodline and his father's own pure wizard bloodline, and knew that Merope was a witch. He'd tease her often, saying that she'd bewitched him at first sight, for he'd fallen in love with her the very moment they'd met at a party held by his family at Riddle Manor. By the end of their first dance, he'd known beyond the shadow of a doubt that he'd finally found his soul mate and had wasted no time in proposing and bonding with her. Their bond was such a strong one that they'd both die if one of them rejected the other. Few wizards and witches chose to bind themselves so intricately together out of the fear that their relationship would not last and both would die. Such was the fear of the faithless and the fickle. He and Merope had been trying for a child for a long time now, and this precious little miracle child was the answer to their prayers. He would be the light of their lives and never lacking in love and care. They would teach their son everything the child couldn't possibly learn from anyone else. He'd know that the Riddle family originated in the Americas where an ancestor had chosen to establish himself in the new world. It was several generations later that his grandparents decided to return to their homeland. Tom was looking forward to every moment ahead of them as a family. He was their world now, their little Tom Marvolo Riddle… Harry couldn't understand it, this intense love for the child who had become a monster. Yes, Tom had once been an innocent babe but… wait, hadn't Dumbledore told him that Tom Riddle senior been given a love potion by Merope Gaunt? Didn't he say that Riddle had also abandoned the pregnant Merope when the potion had finally worn off and he discovered her to be a witch? That Riddle was a muggle man who detested magic? Deciding to delve further into this mystery, Harry once again closes his eyes and wills the truth to be shown. Little Tom and his mother were finally home, and Tom sr. was overjoyed. He adored his infant son and helped Merope with the feeding, bathing, changing, and soothing of their precious little miracle baby. Life at Riddle manor was good. Little Tom loved his grandma and Grandpa Riddle and simply adored his grandpa Gaunt. They'd been home now for six months, and were so happy and focused on their little ray of sunshine that they never even felt the screaming of their wards that indicated an intruder in their home with ill intentions. Little Tom was such a happy, calm, and content baby and they enjoyed playing with him and showering him with love and affection. It was what would become the downfall of their family, as well as what would create a new Dark Lord out of a mild-mannered and kind hearted man. It was Merope who noticed the intruder first, and her alarmed scream as she cradled their only child protectively in her arms that alerted Tom senior to the unwelcome presence as well. Seeing the light of a spell erupt from the tip of the stranger's wand, Tom throws himself in front of his wife and child just in time to prevent his precious family from having their magic ripped out of them. Merope could only stare in silent horror as she felt her husband's magic disappear from his body, making him just as much of a squib as his dear mother. She could do nothing but tremble at the shock of their bond being broken. Without his magic, Tom couldn't sense their broken bond. It wouldn't harm him as it did her. Merope's scream is one of tortured agony as her magical core splits and tears her apart inside. Tom, watching his beloved in horror, takes the infant handed over to him and holds the squalling infant securely. He somehow manages to catch Merope with one arm before her body can hit the floor. He can only stare helplessly as her once brilliant blue green eyes fade and begin to take on the glaze that only death brings. His heart, in that moment, shatters so completely that he's numbed. He feels his son being torn from his embrace and looks up sharply, only to see blue eyes that glint darkly at him, before he knows no more. He lives seventeen more years, oblivious to his own past before he dies by the wand of the son that had been erased from his memory. Harry's body jerks into sitting position as his eyes stare in wide disbelief at the closed bed curtains around him. The Headmaster was the one who destroyed Tom's life! Holding a hand over his heart, Harry closes his eyes and wishes fervently that he could stop such a horrible fate from befalling the Riddle family. Luna Lovegood, sitting upright in her bed in the Ravenclaw girls' dorm, lets out a snort of amusement as she feels Harry's magical signature vanish. Honestly, as much as she adored her best friend, he really should've believed her enough to research his own gifts and powers as a Dream Weaver. Didn't the fool know that he could only dream of his past lives unless he specifically wished to see other things? Didn't he know that he could return to whichever past life he wished and change the outcome for the better should he wish to alter the fate of that version of his past self? Honestly, men and their pride that somehow made them believe that they knew enough not to need to read the bloody manual. Luckily for Harry, their soul mate bond allowed them to temporarily tap in to one another's gifts when they absolutely had need of it. Luna considered her soul mate no longer residing in the same timeline that she happened to be in, an emergency that warranted the use of the same skill that had taken him into his past self's body. She had no greater wish than to be with him in a time where their love wasn't restricted by a barmy old coot who liked to threaten her should she get too close to his Golden boy. That decided, Luna reaches inside of herself and touches their not so dormant bond and calls upon Harry's Dream Weaving gift, she would be with him soon. Smiling softly to herself, she concentrates on her past self, her blue eyes warm with love as she thinks of reuniting with her husband of the past, and soul mate of many past lives. If he'd gone back to their most recent past, then Luna figured that she'd have to follow him as to keep him from getting into too much trouble. He was bloody brilliant at getting into trouble these days. She could only hope though, that Harry'd decided on their time in the hospital… after she'd birthed their son… She'd probably hex him otherwise. -St. Mungo's Maternity Ward; December 31, 1927 Merope Gaunt Riddle's Room- Harry awakened in Tom Riddle Sr.'s body, holding his newborn son and smiles tenderly at the babe, finally understanding the love of a father. His voice, when he speaks is a smooth baritone that's full of love for the infant her holds. "You'll grow into a handsome lad when the time is right." One big, callused hand gently caresses one satiny smooth little cheek and Tom smiles even more when the infant's eyes gaze at him with an innocent love and affection and adoration. His sapphire blue eyes lift and land on his wife. The surge of love is comforting in its familiar presence and he walks to Merope's side. Placing a gentle kiss upon his son's little head, he carefully hands the babe over to his mother for nursing. The nurse comes to the bedside and smiles at the new parents. "What will you name your little one there?" Tom's sapphire gaze meets Merope's blue green and he smiles when she simply nods. Looking at the nurse, he smiles proudly. "His name will be Tom Marvolo Riddle." The smiling nurse quickly writes the babe's name and her smile only widens when the birth certificate disappears with a soft pop to Gringott's for filing in the family vault. "I will give the three of you a few moments to bond before I allow your family and friends to barge in on you." Merope's voice is soft and serenely happy. "Thank you." The nurse walks out of the room and Tom looks at his wife when she delicately clears her throat. A dark brow is raised. "Yes love?" Merope smiles simply. "Thank you for deciding to travel only this far into our past, Harry. And don't give me that surprised look; I had to follow you so you'd have a bit of help here. Had you come before my past self birthed our son, I'd have hexed you thoroughly. What is it