WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED IF HERMIONE HAD BEEN SORTED INTO SLYTHERIN? HERMIONE IN SLYTHERIN FANFICTION A/N: English is not my native language; I apologize if there are any grammar mistakes! I DO NOT OWN THE HARRY POTTER UNIVERSE OR ANY HARRY POTTER CHARACTER WHICH WAS MENTIONED IN THE BOOKS. Chapter one It was a rainy Tuesday when Hermione Granger, an almost eleven years-old girl was reading 'Matilda' for the thirty-seventh time. Come on, Matilda. I know you can do it… Hermione thought, as she read Matilda was trying to lift a piece of chalk with her eyes. Weird, Hermione thought. I've already read this book thirty-six times, and yet each time I keep cheering Matilda… Why, though? Oh, who cares, it is not like I have a friend who will laugh at me. Actually, I have no friends at all, except for Harry, and I haven't talked to him in years… Is he really my friend? And now Ally is gone… Hermione thought gloomily. Hermione was not exaggerating. Indeed, she had no friends, except for Harry Potter, whom she met when they were in the third grade, but one day Harry had just… left. She had tried to write him, but she had given up after a year. But Hermione stopped thinking about it, because she heard her mum, Helen, was calling her. "Hermione," she called, "tea is ready, darling." How could I forget? "Coming, mum," Hermione answered, leaped out of her bed and rushed downstairs to the dining room. "Hello, hon," Hermione's dad, Harold, said cheerfully. "Hey dad," Hermione replied, not in her normal tone but not in a too noticeably different one. "What have you been doing upstairs?" he asked, but before Hermione could answer, Helen did. "I can bet she was reading Matilda, for the –" "Thirty-seventh time, yes," her daughter completed. "Where is Harrietta?" Hermione asked about her sister. "She is in Margaret's place. Why don't you hang out with some someone, too? It is a beautiful afternoon and I assume you have already finished your homework?" Harold asked. "Well, yes, I have already finished my homework. But let's think, dad. Do I HAVE any friends?" Hermione said quite rudely. She wasn't often rude, but there were three special incidents in which she was, which were if someone mocked her cleverness, if somebody told her she is stupid, and since a day ago, if someone told her to hang out with friends. "Um, did you forget Ally? She is such a lovely –" "Was," Hermione muttered. "What was that, honey?" "I said," Hermione replied to her mother's question, "'was', mum," Hermione was now on the verge of tears. "Why, Hermione! You two ate ice-cream together on Sunday! What's happened?" Harold said, clearly quite shocked. "How can I explain, dad? Do you remember when your hair was very full? Or when mum's hair was completely brown, and not three-quarters brown, quarter grey?" The girl said in a calm, yet dangerous tone. "Hermione! That is very rude, young lady! Another word and I will send you to your room!" the balding man said. "Oh, you won't send me to my room until I am finished." The brunette girl replied. "Young lady, go to your room," Harold said in the same tone as Hermione's. "No, father ," Hermione replied. Harold was taken aback. "Since when have you been calling me 'father', Hermione?" He asked. "Since the moment you two have not been listening to me. Now, do you remember I came from school yesterday, even more depressed than usual? I told you people were laughing at my name, which was partly true, because the only normal names in this family are Helen and Harold. Even Harietta hates her name, and she is nine! Lucky both of us have normal middle names - Jean and Belle. Where was I? Oh, yes. Do you remember our discussion about your hair? And the previous one, about Ally? Well, dad and mom, things vanish. And sometimes, they do not come back, like hair, and like friends." Hermione said in the same tone as before – calm, yet dangerous. "What happened? Did you have a fight?" The three-quarters brunette mother asked. "Hermione never fights, darling," Harold pointed out. "Hm… Oh! Did she switch schools? Did she move to another place?" Helen said, in a confident tone. But to her and her husband's disappointment, Hermione started crying, and whispered: "No, mum, and dad – you were right, we have never fought. But we won't have the chance to fight, because she is no longer here." "Oh, Hermione! When did it happen?" Helen said, hugging her daughter. "So, did she move?" Harold asked, clearly oblivious to the situation. "No, dad. Since yesterday, Ally is no longer suffering from being alive. She died in a car crash. Her parents are alive," The brunette, bushy-haired sobbing girl said. She then broke apart from her mum and ran to her room, not even sipping from her tea. In her room, Hermione sat on her bed, looking gloomily at a picture of her and Ally, crying. Then, without doing a thing, a box of tissues zoomed into her hand. OK. Fantastic. Now I am having visions too. But it won't hurt to check… Hermione got out of her bed to tell her parents, but when she opened her door she saw her parents. They had been waiting outside of her room. "What's happened, sweetheart?" Helen asked. "I was on my bed. And I can swear a box of tissues just… I don't know… Just flew into my hand." "It's happened before… When you were eight and couldn't find your book, it flew towards you. And when you went to school and forgot your lunch at home – I swear you did – you said it was delicious. And when you said you wanted a kitten – a ginger one, if I am not much mistaken – your hair turns GINGER, and you grew WHISKERS. They vanished after a minute or so, of course. Look, Hermione, I really don't know what's been going on since you were about two. I don't know if you remember, but you fixed a torn book. WITHOUT GLUE. It is like… magic. It really is." "Did Harrietta do such things too?" "Coming to think about it, yes, she did." Then there was silence. "I am really sorry about what I have said," Hermione then told her parents. "It is OK, hon," Helen replied. Again, there was silence. Suddenly, Harold spoke. "I think the mailman's here. I am going to check the mail, OK?" And then he left the room. Helen told Hermione to lie down. Hermione obeyed, and Helen started petting her daughter's head. "Mum?" Hermione half asked - half said. "Yes, kitten?" "What if I am a witch?" "And…" "No 'and'. What if I am a witch?" "I don't understand the question, hon." "Will… Will you and dad still love me?" "Wh – of course, honey! And to be honest, I think it will be great. I – we, actually – have never thought you quite… belonged in your school." "I have also been thinking this," now the quite clearly excited brunette girl said. "What if there is a magical school? Oh, it will be wonderful! And other magical kids! And –" But Hermione didn't finish her sentence. "Hermione, hon, I don't want to ruin the joy, but I really don't think there is such a thing." Hermione looked heartbroken. "I know, mummy," Hermione said. "Back to 'mummy', aren't we?" Helen said, smiling. "Hermione! You have a letter!" Harold shouted from the front garden. It is probably a mistake, who would write me? "What are you waiting for? Maybe it is a distant friend, a special friend, if you know what I mean." Hermione blushed into a deep shade of red. "I got over him, mum! Bloody hell, we were EIGHT. We were in the third grade! And it is not like he's ever replied to my letters…" They were talking, of course, about Harry. "Hermione! Are you coming or what?" "Oh, yeah! Sorry dad!" Helen chuckled. Young love, she thought. But her thoughts were interrupted by her daughter. "MUMMY! MUM, COME HERE! IT IS FROM HARRY! YOU KNOW, THE HARRY! COME HERE!" Helen went downstairs. She then covered her ears with her hands – in case Hermione decided to shout again – and Harold followed suit. "Great, you are here," Hermione said, and Helen and Harold took their hands off their ears. Hermione then read the letter. Dear Hermione, I don't know if you remember me. We were friends in the third grades, when my aunt forced me to switch schools because I told her we were best friends (lucky you told me you were moving to London – hadn't you, I wouldn't have sent the letter to the correct address). What I didn't tell her, however, is that I had a crush on you. I got over it, though. At this Hermione blushed furiously, but kept reading. God, I am so stupid. I don't think I've told you the real reason why I live with my aunt and uncle. My parents were killed in a car crash when I was one. Sorry I lied about it back then (what did I tell you? That they were killed in a shooting battle?). Anyways, I want to tell you what I have been through. As you have probably understood, my aunt is horrible. My uncle and cousin are no better. My cousin – Dudley – has invented a game called 'Harry-hunting'. I presume you understand the meaning of the game. And my uncle – Vernon – hits me if I don't do my chores on time, or if I get better grades than 'Ickle-Diddikins'. Speaking of chores, do you have any? I have TONS. I have to get up at six-thirty a.m. every day, cook breakfast, get the mail, and do the laundry. Before I get on the bus to school I have to wash the dishes. When I get back from school I have to cook lunch and wash the house. When I finish lunch (again, after I wash the dishes, of course) I am allowed to go to my 'room' (a cupboard under the stairs) and do homework. And by six p.m. I have to make dinner, wash the dishes and 'socialize' with Dudley (Harry-hunting). Oh wait! You won't believe it – Dudley wet the bed yesterday. Of course, they blamed me and thus I had to wake up at three in the morning and do his laundry, but it was worth it. And he did it again, but this time, when he was AWAKE . They even got him these pull-up thing! And the best part was that they could not blame me because he was at his friend's house! How have you been doing? I can bet you are still top of class in everything, except for maybe gym and computers (these were the subjects in which I beat you, remember?). Yes, Harry, Hermione thought, blushing from the compliments, I remember. Last thing – I remember you have a sister - Harrietta, I think? Anyways, tell her I say hello. Your friend, Harry P.S. We moved to a privet house: number four, Privet Drive, Little Whining, Surrey. I do not know our phone number. My relatives are out on Tuesdays (seven p.m. to ten p.m.), Thursdays (same time as on Tuesdays) and Sundays (ten a.m. to four p.m.). I could write today because a few days ago Mrs. Figg (our neighbor – I stay with her when my 'family' goes out) broke her arm and she couldn't take care of me. In case she breaks her leg again, please write your phone number so I could call you. Please write back soon! P.P.S they are the reason, of course, I have never replied to your letters. "Mum and dad! Oh my god, you won't believe it! Harry is being abused by