CHAPTER 1 The girl on fire. She has been on my mind since the tribute parade and when she saw me looking at her she blushed. She has this effect on me, and I have a desire to protect her no matter what. I lay in my bed thinking about her all night. The way her luscious brown hair curled around her face, the way her olive skin make her lips look like the lightest shade of a rose and her eyes, they were mesmerising. The last thing I remember thinking to myself is that I will protect her in any way I can. I wake up and notice that it's the first day of training, which means I will be seeing her. Katniss. I put my clothes on and have a quick breakfast ignoring what clove has been saying the whole time and hop into the elevator and head down to the training centre. When I step out from the elevator my eyes automatically scan the room hoping that she will be there, but hope that was all I had but it wasn't enough she wasn't there yet and neither was her district partner. I walk over to the district 1 tributes and begin to make convocation, hoping to intimidate the other tributes. "I'm Cato from district 2" I say with a serious look upon my face, I stick out my hand for them to shake. "I'm marvel "as he says this I just look him up and down. I think to myself that for a career he isn't that big but he could be useful, but my thoughts get interrupted by someone stroking my arm. "I'm glimmer by the way" the blonde says while batting her eye lashes trying to be flirtatious but it just looks amusing. I shrug her off just in time because I hear the elevator doors open and there she is. Katniss Everdeen the girl on fire, walking in with her district partner. He tries to grab her hand which just angers me but to my relief she flinches and slaps it away. I feel a smirk fall across my face but I cover it up as soon as the head trainer comes to talk to us. " in 2 weeks 23 of you will and 1 person will be the victor. Most of you will die from natural cause. 20% from infection and 10% from dehydration exposure can kill as easily as a knife" Alta says I immediately zone out of what she is saying only to be brought back by marvel nudging me and whispering in a hushed voice. "That chick from 12 is pretty hot, you think I could play with that before the games?" my hands clench into fists and my face is boiling I could not believe the words that just came out of his mouth. I just ignore him and turn to face her, my girl on fire. She is looking at the other tributes but then she catches me looking at her. We stare into each other's eyes for what seems like forever, but finally I give her a wink and she blushes and looks down. The trainer finally stops speaking and I walk over to the sword station. I cut off some limbs of the dummies and then I hear commotion. I turn my head to see Katniss and her district partner arguing about something then she just gets up and walks over to the archery station. "Those stations are meant for people who can use the weapons" clove calls over with a cocky grin on her face. Katniss just brings the bow up and releases it and to my shock she gets a bullseye. I chuckle a little when I hear clove storm off and I think this is my chance to talk to her. "That was pretty impressive what you just did 12" I say with a wink "What do you want 2" ouch what happened to the girl who I made blush. Twice. With that I just lean close towards her face, I hear her breathes hitch and I whisper. "Just congratulating the girl on fire" I say with a grin. And with that I walk away to the hand to hand combat. Training is nearly over so I just walk over to the swords again but as I get there I notice a familiar braid, and with that I know its Katniss. "Didn't think swords were your thing?" I whisper from behind her "Thought I would give it a try, but it's too heavy and stupid" she says with a scowl. That's my chance to help her, impress her. "Here you just have to hold it like this" and with that I clasp my hands over her tiny fragile ones and show her how to hold it. She gasps almost instantly. I swing my arms with hers and slice off the dummies head. "That wasn't so hard now was it 12?" giving her a sly grin and that cause a blush to creep onto her cheeks. "Meet me on the roof tonight ok, after everyone is asleep" she smiles and slowly nods her head at me. Just then training finishes and the only thing on my mind is that I will be seeing her again tonight. That's the end of chapter 1, I hope you like it, reviews please that would be helpful xx bow and arrows CHAPTER 2 Soon enough it was 11:50 and I was on edge. I was meeting her soon alone on the roof. The effect this girl has on me is indescribable. I slip out of my apartment and go into the elevator and push the button that will take me up to the roof. When the doors open I take in what is up here. It's beautiful there are flowers and the view is amazing. "It's amazing isn't it?" I turn to see a small figure emerge from the shadows and for a second I forget how to breathe. Katniss is wearing a forest green top with black pants and her hair is flowing carelessly with the wind. "So why did you want to meet me?" I ask her with a sly look "I keep seeing you look at me and there…..there's something different about you and I just wanted to see if it was true" she answers with a questionable look across her face. I look at her and think if I should tell her that I have feelings for her or if I should just act cocky like a normal career would. "Katniss" she looks up at me with her stunning grey eyes "I think there is something about you too , you have been on my mind since the tribute parade and I can't stop thinking about you, your just so beautiful" as soon as those words leave my mouth I don't regret them at all. I see a blush appear on her cheeks and she is looking down and trying to hide the fact that she is smiling. "Why me, I mean why not go with that glitter chick I mean she is all over you" she says looking up at me waiting for my answer. "Glimmer no she doesn't have beauty and you have so much and what you did for you sister Prim that was breath taking" and I decide right there and then do to something that I won't regret. "That's why I am going to make sure you make it out of the arena" she looks at me with disbelief on her face and to confirm that I really mean I just nod. "Why you're a career why would you want me out alive?" she says with sadness? In her eyes "Because Katniss you have a family to go back to and they need you" I say this and I don't regret one word of it because she should be going home. She has sadness across her face and like she doesn't want me to do this. "No you do have someone who needs you" she replies with a hurt voice "Who?" I answer because truly my family doesn't need me "Me" and with that pull her to me and kiss her. This isn't like any other kiss I have ever shared with someone this kiss has so much passion. Her fingers curl into my hair and my hands grasp her waist. After a couple of minutes we break apart but I can tell that neither of us wanted to. I look into her eyes and all I can see is lust. "I'm not going home not without you" she says with confidence in her voice but I just shake my head "Yes you are you have to" she shakes her head and her hand find my cheeks and she pulls me into another lustful kiss. I wrap my arms around her waist and pick her up not daring to break this kiss and she wraps her fragile legs around my torso. I push her up against a wall, still not breaking this magical kiss. I nibble on her bottom lip, she replies with a moan and with that I slip my tongue into her mouth and she lets me. We stay like this for what seems like hours. When we finally break apart Katniss doesn't even try to hide her blush and I can feel my cheek getting hotter as well. "Guess I'll see you tomorrow?" she asks with a hint of desperation almost as though she thinks I'll say no. "Of course" I kiss her on the cheek and we say our good nights and we go back to our levels. Once I reach my room I crash on my bed and I feel like I'm on cloud 9. My fingers trace over my lips where Katniss's soft gentle lips were just 5 minutes ago and I'm smiling like an idiot, because I now know my feelings I am in love with Katniss Everdeen and I will make sure she wins the 74th annual hunger games. And I will kill anyone who gets in my way. Please review it would help me so much! bow and arrows xx CHAPTER 3 I wake up and head down to the training centre after breakfast and I see that im one of the last people here. I look around to the careers and we start to talk about who we want as our kills. "well I want that boy from 12 he looks like he could be fun to fight with" marvel says with a cocky grin, we all chuckle knowing that he is weak, "well the boy from 7 is mine he keeps glaring at me, I mean I know im pretty but seriously its getting weirds" I scoff at what glimmer says "anyway ive got my eyes on someone else" she says and runs her fingers up and down my arm I just give her a glare and she stops. I one out of the rest of their convocation. To see Katniss glaring at Glimmer from across the room and I see jealousy written all over her face, causing me to feel happy knowing she likes me, but that happiness goes away when I notice her district partner – Peeta? – following her like a lost puppy and then I notice something in his eyes when he looks at her. Love. I turn away swiftly to join back into the convocation. " well I know that the girl on fire is mine I will make her cry out in pain. She is my kill" clove says while gripping her knives. I can feel my jaw tighten with anger and my fists turning white with the pressure I have on them. "No" I growl at clove and she turns to me with a confused face and I just notice that I just stuck uo 'for Katniss and no one knows about us. "I mean she is my kill,