My eyes opened slowly as if there were iron weights attached to them. The sky was the color of the blood of a fresh wound, and the clouds were as black as the cloak of death himself. The rubble of ruined buildings littered the streets, or should I say what's left of the streets. The streets were mainly just rubble mixed in with dirt and shards of glass. It strangely reminded me of crushed up oreo cookies. Almost all of the buildings were half destroyed or completely knocked down. Seattle's iconic space needle was half it's original size, but was still an iconic point in this ruined city. It stood taller than all the buildings around it. I remember looking at it when I was only a wee boy. My eyes used to light up when I saw it at night. I always thought it looked more like a beacon than a needle. It used to be a light that dazzled me when I was young and even today. But that light is gone now, and in it's place is a hollow tower of it's original greatness. It truly was a sad sight to see, especially if you're a fellow Seattleite. My head suddenly began to throb. I fell back to the rubbled with my vision blurring up. As I was losing conscious I heard a faint ringing in my ear. My eyelids opened as the ringing became louder and more obnoxious. When my eyes were fully opened I saw my white bedroom ceiling and the dark blue walls. It didn't take my mind long to figure out what I had just witnessed. It was another nightmare. These dreams were a recurring pattern in my world of sleep. It had been about two months since they first started. They didn't happen every night, but when they did it felt like it wasn't just a dream but instead a twisted reality that I was forced to inhabit. The time's they happened were unpredictable, but from what I noticed the nightmares always occur at least every three days. I wasn't counting how many dreams I had about this, but no matter how many times I had them they all were in the same place. It was always that ruined version of Seattle that looked like it came out of apocalypse monthly. It had been about two months since they first started. I yawned loudly as I rose from my bed. My alarm clock was still buzzing loudly. "Shut up," I muttered as I pressed the off button. I slumped back into bed to get five more minutes of sleep. Suddenly, a sting erupted in my forehead. I quickly got up and held my hand to where the pain was. I looked down to my lap to find my culprit. It was a blue rubber band. I began to hear the all too familiar laugh of my best friend, Rob "Goddammit, Rob!" I muttered loudly. "Wakey, wakey, Percy," Rob said in a cheerful voice. As my vision cleared, I saw the joking smile Rob loved to parade around like a badge. His long dark brown hair was slicked back, and his green eyes appeared to be shining in the light that was shining through the window. Rob had been my best friend for god knows how long. Some of you probably had that friend that you can never trace the roots of your friendship. For me that was Rob. It didn't seem our friendship had a definitive beginning. We just were always friends. Even our parents had a hard time giving our friendship a specific date and time. That didn't bother me and Rob though. We hadn't cared about how we met. The only thing that matters is that we were friends now, but just because we had been best friends doesn't mean that he can't be a freeloading asshole who shoots rubber bands at people instead of walking them up because he thinks it's funny. In fact that's exactly what I would use to describe his personality. Well, I've been told that I'm a snarky, sarcastic asshole so I guess that it's no wonder we're best friends. It's a match made in heaven. "Rob, seriously that's the third time this month. Can't you leave me alone for like… five minutes?" I said yawning as I looked up to see my brown haired friend. "Well I would if you didn't have the habit of going back to sleep after your alarm goes off," he said with mischief in his green eyes. "Now get out of bed or else I'm going to have to do something drastic. Your mom's making blueberry pancakes, and She won't serve them unless you come down. He held up another rubber band with an evil smile in his eyes. "Alright I'll be down in a sec. I'm just going to get ready," I said still yawning. "Make sure not to be late or else I'm going to eat the rest," Rob said playfully .I quickly went to my wardrobe and got my clothes. Once I got dressed, I looked in my mirror. My blonde hair was golden, but there were tiny darker streaks in my hair. My eyes seemed no different from before. They were electric blue, but seemed to be slightly darker than they usually were. I didn't elaborate why I looked differently at the time and in my ignorance blamed it on the lighting. Satisfied with how I looked, I hurried down my stairs to the kitchen. I was greeted by the shine of white tiles and the smell of bacon cooking. In the small round table sat Rob who started eating without me. Good morning, Percy," Mom said sweetly. She looked like she had gotten prepared for work before hand because her blonde hair had been straightened and she was dressed in a dark blue business suit. "thanks for breakfast mom," I said with a smile. She looked at me and gave a tired smile back. It was obvious that she had to stay up late last night to do work. Looking at her condition almost made me cringe. I guess I should fill you in on my family matters. My mother told me that father had walked out on us long when my mother was in her twenties. My mom came from a broken family. My grandmother died when mom was only four. Apparently after that my mom's father relied on the bottle to comfort his sorrows. He then stopped paying the bills or even working. The only thing he did was drink and drink. that caused the entire family to go into large amounts of debt. My grandfather didn't care though. The bottle was all he cared about at that point. When the old bastard finally kicked the bucket the damage was already done. They would have lost the house if it wasn't for my uncle Rodney. Uncle Rodney was my mom's eldest sibling, and he had fortunately had his college tuition paid for. He also already had a job as an electrical engineer. When he heard that his siblings were in trouble he didn't hesitate to come over and do whatever he could to make things right. He was barely able to keep the entire house afloat. He managed to barely keep the house from going into foreclosure, and he was barely able to keep the my mother and her three siblings from falling apart. Without him I'd be very likely that my life would be very different if I was born at all. But the damage was already done. My mother and her siblings college accounts were drunken and gambled away. Fortunately my moms siblings still had a good two years at most to build it back up but my mother had already graduated high school. She had to get college loans to stay leaving her with a mountain of debt by the end of college. And that's when she met my father. To this day she still hasn't paid off the debt that accumulated when she went to college. She always said it was fine but I knew it wasn't. A month ago I when I went down to get a glass of water. I had just had that nightmare, and I wanted something to calm my nerves. I went down the stairs quietly because mom also works a lot on the computer so it was common for her to fall asleep while working. To my surprise though, I saw mom talking on the looked absolutely horrible. Her blonde hair was disorganized and thrown all over the place, her face showed lines of worry and fear, and she was biting her nails which is a habit mom had when she was stressed. I remember her saying Rodney please, and when she said that I immediately assumed that she was talking to Uncle Rodney. It was obvious that she was asking for money from him. I didn't hear what he said back to her, but it was obvious it didn't make her happy one bit. "I'm in over my head Rodney! Please I need your help! I have a son whose father isn't doing jack shit to help us, and you can't spare some money to help us!" My mom said screaming. Mom's eyes widened and her mouth opened at the realization of her outburst. "I'm sorry," she said tearfully, "It's just been so in 40,000 dollars of debt, and I just need some help please," mom said as small driblets of tears ran down her face. I had to bite my tongue to keep from making a sound. How were we in such bad shape. I knew we weren't in the greatest financial space before hand, but this was just unbelievable. My mother was able to make 60,000 dollars a year, but deducting all the expenses for food, clothing, etc she wouldn't have enough to pay off all the debt. she then said she was considering going into debt consolidation even though there was a chance that if she did she'd go bankrupt. After that I slid away undetected. I didn't even want any water. I had lost my will to drink when I heard that. If any of you had been in a bad financial position like this you'd know where we were coming from. The stress of the possibility that you may lose everything thing you have is something that can keep you up for more than one night. Anyway on to more lighter topics. As I sat down Robert flashed me His traditional sorry for doing that, but not really because I'm going to do it again the next chance you give me grin. "Thank you robert for not only not waiting for me but eating half of the food even though this is my house, and you're lucky to be even allowed here much less eat here," I said snarkily. "Blame puberty," he said with a stuffed face. "That's your excuse for literally everything. When you fail a math test just blame puberty, don't give back money you borrowed, just blame puberty, become a psychopathic axe murder who rapes his victimes before killing them, just blame puberty and everything will be alright. "That's my basic philosophy at least. Hey, there's still some bacon left," He said as he extended his hand. "Oh, no you don't asshole." I picked up my spoon slammed into his fingers causing him to screech. Some electricity must have been in my strike because he convulsed for a second "Jesus Perc! Is pig fat really that important to you?" he said as he sucked his wounded fingers. "Blame puberty," I muttered as I took the entire plate for myself. "Oh, so you're going all alpha male on me now, and hoarding all the food for yourself," he said snarkily. What's next are you going to take all the females for yourself while you leave me with a mound of dirt to pleasure myself