Note: Firstly, may I say that you do not need to read the previous two stories in this series. Certain events are interwoven, thus making it a series. Nothing should confuse you, except possibly the character Agoron. Please be aware that I have made a character list at the bottom of this chapter to help with any confusion you may experience. Secondly, this story is purely Imrahil based. A possible scenario on how Imrahil was shaped into the fearless, heroic man who was in The Lord of the Rings. I want to give him a human appeal. He is not invincible, he is not perfect; he has faults, and like all of us, he will have to learn in order to achieve that greatness he eventually shows. Also, a note on the Romance genre – the main area of romance in this story will not appear until further down the storyline (in later chapters), and it may require an M rating. In the meantime, I hope most of you enjoy a tale of battles, family affairs, bonding friendship, lust, and the dizzy world of politics. Thorongil (Aragorn) will also be making an appearance in this story. ... April: Spring 2977 The waves crashed against the sharp raggedy cliff of Dol Amroth. Dark clouds loomed above, threatening to release pales of rain. Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth stood on his private balcony, watching the fierce scene of nature taking place. It was a beauty and wonder to live by such changing elements. But now was not a time to be rejoicing in all the pleasantries one had in their life. The city was still in mourning for the recent loss of their ruling prince – Imrahil's grandfather – Prince Angelimir. The winter season, which had just passed, caused a pandemic of infection throughout the fiefdom. Imrahil's grandfather had been one of the unlucky citizens. He passed away the previous month, making Imrahil's father - Prince Adrahil - the twenty-first ruling Prince of Dol Amroth. It also made Imrahil one-step closer to the prince's throne; one-step closer to an endless duty and service. Was Imrahil complaining? He was not quite sure. He was more fortunate than most; he was given the best education in Gondor, had become a Swan Knight – every man's dream. He had the pick of women to dally with, and eventually marry. Yes, Imrahil had quite the life. But it was not as luxurious as it may sound. Being a Prince a Dol Amroth came with a sacred duty to protect those under his rule. It was hard work, and Adrahil made sure his only son and heir assisted him as often as possible. And it was this assistance - which Imrahil was duty obliged to - where his story begins. "Have you overseen all the tax collections?" Adrahil asked his son, writing a letter as he spoke. Imrahil slumped down into a chair across from his father. He had just celebrated his twenty-second birthday, and right now, he could think of a dozen places where he would rather be. "Indeed I have, Father." Adrahil stopped writing and stretched. "I am pleased with you, Imrahil." He smiled, planning to enjoy informing Imrahil of his next assignment. "As you know I have recently sent a new batch of scouts to Tolfalas." Imrahil nodded. "Yes, you appointed Captain Alagosson to overlook them." "Well, I have recently received a report from our captain, informing me that a fleet of Corsair ships are sailing northbound towards the Bay." Adrahil handed his son a copy of the report. "I want you to take temporary command of our fleet, with Lord Agoron at your side, and intercept them before they reach the peninsular." Imrahil was speechless. This was the first military assignment his had been appointed to. And he damn well deserved it, too, he thought. "When shall I make sail?" Adrahil shifted through some papers. "It will take a few days to muster a large enough fleet." Imrahil looked down at the report he held in his hands. "Captain Alagosson estimates that the Corsairs fleet varies around one-hundred and fifty." "Mmm." Adrahil handed Imrahil another piece of parchment. "I have made a list of possible candidates; I want you to choose from that list your crewmen." "How many ships are needed to be prepared?" "Two-hundred, fully equipped," Adrahil answered. "That is our entire fleet!" Imrahil exclaimed. "Should we not leave at least a dozen in dock just as a precautionary step?" He feared that, if an open-sea battle occurred, some enemy vessels may end up sneaking through their defensive lines. "I will have two hundred archers along the seawall as a precautionary step." "With all respect, Father, I do not believe two hundred archers will hold off an enemy vessel," Imrahil replied. "Have faith, my son." "I have faith in you, Father," Imrahil said, standing. "All I worry for is the city's defence while I am gone." Adrahil smiled. "Our city shall do just fine in your absence. Besides, I thought once you returned you should visit Finduilas in Minas Tirith." Imrahil raised his eyebrows. "As much as I would love to see my sister again, whatever for? Has something happened? Is she unwell?" "Peace." Adrahil raised a hand to silent his son. "Your sister is fine, from what I have last heard. I merely thought you would enjoy seeing her again. She has not seen any of us since her wedding a year ago. Also, if our campaign against the Corsairs proves successful, I am sure the steward would like to thank you for your efforts in person." Imrahil nodded. "Very well. But first I would like to focus on one matter at a time." Adrahil chuckled. "Imrahil, when the day comes that you find yourself in my position, you will realise that you will not have a choice but to focus on many matters at once. The business of the fiefdom never rests." "You make it sounds so... appealing," Imrahil said sarcastically. Adrahil laughed. "Some areas are appealing." "I'm sure," Imrahil muttered. "I'll go and write to these men on your list so we can be organised to set sail within the week, if the wind proves to be on our side." It was not a very long list, Imrahil noticed as he briefly sat down outside his father's study. Agoron was on top of the list, as was to be expected. Lord Toven was next. Imrahil enjoyed Toven's company in the past, and the man had a promising record of being a worthy sailor. Imrahil's uncle – on his mother's side – came next. Uncle Ablador was a minor Lord of Dol Amroth, but not a frequent visitor to the swan palace. Growing up it interested Imrahil to know why he rarely saw his uncle, but it turned out that Lord Ablador was a private man who lavished himself in his own family's attention and needs. He had three young cousins to his uncle, the eldest – twin girls - being only eleven years. His wife, Lady Lothuielil had died five years earlier in childbirth to their only son, Horon. Lady Lothuielil, Imrahil thought, scanning the list of names. Her brothers, Lord Glamrion and Lord Aduialon were also on the list. They were Lords of the city, Uilben, which was located on the coast of Belfalas. His father had chosen well. Imrahil knew all these men had profound reputations of being educated, well-trained men of Gondor. Imrahil stood up and walked to his apartments. There, his clerk, Mainion was sorting through the tax papers in the small room adjoined to the antechamber. Imrahil was yet to have his own study; his father told him he had to earn the privilege, just as he did when he was Imrahil's age. "Mainion, make a copy of this list and then send a message to each man on that listing to attend council here, in the palace, in three days time. Make the letter brief, and do not go into too much detail. I do not want word spreading that there is an impending attack from the Corsairs. People may panic." While Mainion went about his business, Imrahil took the opportunity to visit his sister, Ivriniel. He knew she would be in her apartments; she hardly ever left them these days. Since their mother's health had declined further, their father was dependant on both Imrahil and Ivriniel for moral support. Ivriniel's main task was to look after their mother, while Adrahil and Imrahil were busy running the fiefdom. Imrahil knew his sister did not enjoy doing her duty; she hated seeing their mother so frail. Enough death had happened in the family, and even though the physicians kept telling them that their mother was still a long way from death, it was hard. Ivriniel took the news well. "I have faith in you, Brother." She paced in front of the large window in her antechamber, holding a necklace of pearls her husband had given her before he died. "How long will you be gone for?" "Hopefully no longer than a month," he replied. "If all goes according to plan, I am hoping to intercept them just after they sail pass Tolfalas." "And if something should go wrong?" she asked, staring at him blankly. "Nothing will go wrong," he said determinedly. "You have my word." "Words are nothing more than sounds," Ivriniel replied. "They cannot guarantee anything. You should know that." "Then what would you have me say?" he asked, finding himself dry of any reassuring material. "There is nothing you or any man can say to make me see hope." Ivriniel moved away from the window and over to a chest of draws. "But there is something you can wear for me." She opened a draw and took out a piece of green cloth. "Before I had my wedding dress cast-off, I kept a piece of it as a reminder of the luck I received from the Valar." She handed her brother the cloth. "I was lucky to have met a man such as He." Imrahil nodded wordlessly and took the green cloth. "Wear it as luck." "Thank you, Ivriniel," he replied softly. He kissed the ribbon before placing it in the pocket of his breeches. "Knowing your wise ways, it shall bring me much luck on the high seas." Ivriniel smiled faintly. "I do hope so. I would hate to see you no more." Imrahil raised a concerned eyebrow. "Sister," he said in a tone of warning. "Remember that conversation you had with Father? Do you remember the deal you made with him?" Ivriniel sighed deeply. "I am not to vocalise my fears of losing those close to me." "Exactly," he replied sternly. "You may think them and write them down. But please, Ivriniel, I understand where you are coming from, but I don't want to hear my own sister telling me that I could die." Ivriniel flinched at the word 'die' and stepped away from him. "I know, and I am sorry." Imrahil walked over to her and gently wrapped his arms around her from behind. He kissed her cheek. "When I return, I am taking you for a long, long progress through the country." He saw Ivriniel smile. "Really? You promise?" "Most definitely!" he declared. "Have I ever broken my promises?" "No," she confessed, turning around in his arms. "I would like it very much." Imrahil smiled, triumphant. "Excellent! While I am away, you can plan our progress so we can leave as soon as I return. Oh! Damn! I forgot I must visit Finduilas in Minas Tirith once I return. Father wants me there for a few weeks." Ivriniel lowered her eyes and nodded. "It is fine, Brother. We can go away after you have visited Finduilas. She will like seeing you very much." "Do you write to her often?" he asked. Ivriniel shrugged. "Occasionally. She always sounds so busy in her letters; I fear I am intruding in