May 1 3019 Spring Minas Tirith, Gondor He should have been dead. That was what Théodred, newly fixed King of the Riddermark thought of himself as he stood witness to the grand coronation of his friend-at-arms, Aragorn. Both men had been to the Black Gate and back, fought against the tribulations of Mordor on behalf of the light of the west, and defeated their greatest foe, the Dark Lord. Now, everything had changed; his life would never be the same again. He was a king now, but not yet crowned in the eyes of his own people. Théodred looked up at hearing Faramir's voice. "Men of Gondor, hear now the Steward of this Realm! Behold! One has come to claim the kingship of this Realm. Here is Aragorn son of Arathorn, wielder of the Sword Reforged, of the line of Valandil. Shall he be king and enter into the city and dwell here?"* "Yea!" The great crowd cried, many throwing their arms up and taking their caps off. Théodred was quite intrigued when Aragorn insisted on having the half-ling, Frodo carry the White Crown to Gandalf who placed it upon Aragorn's head. "Behold the King!" Faramir cried. Music began playing, and people shouted their joys and happiness. Théodred walked alongside his cousin, Éomer in the procession of the new King Aragorn or Elessar as he was now to be called. Both fair-haired men walked in silence through the flower-laden streets of Minas Tirith. As joyous as the moment was, Théodred had anything but celebrations running through his mind. He was happy - happy that his people were saved from the darkness of Mordor and that of Isengard. The only regret he had was that he could not save his father, Théoden King. The late king's son felt a heavy weight in his chest, knowing the torment his father must have felt at the end. He had watched his father succumb to darkness; dwell in the shadows of his one golden hall, unaware of those around him. Then Gandalf had arrived in Edoras and freed his father, making him renowned to his people. Théodred had knelt at his father's side, receiving his blessing before battle. Together they had fought together, fulfilled the Oath of Eorl the Young, had ridden to Gondor's aid at the darkest hour, and participated in the fiercest battle of the Great War. Then, just like that, Théodred was left alone without a father. Many around him would think that the young king would be used to not having a father after all these years. But through those four heart gripping years, Théodred always held onto the hope that one day his father would be free again, and their lives would go back to the way they were before the shadow of Isengard fell over their House. He was being naive; Théodred knew that, but he was a son, who loved his father more dearly than anything else did. "Cheer up, Cousin," Éomer said beside him. "This is a great day for not only Gondor, but also the Riddermark." Théodred forced a smile, watching the pretty ladies on the sideline waving flowers and handkerchiefs at the procession. "It is indeed, though one cannot feel the burden of his lands, for they have been greatly affected by the burnings of Isengard." A shadow formed over Éomer's face; he nodded. "It will take many months... years! before our lands will be fully fertile once more." "We have a grim year ahead of us, Cousin." Éomer sighed silently, watching the handsome features of his older cousin's face darken once more. "You will do your father proud, Théodred. No Eorling could ask for a better ruler in the coming years." "I will need you, Éomer," Théodred said suddenly. "I will need you by my side. I cannot do this alone." Éomer chuckled. "You speak as if you are a child." "In some ways I feel like a child. Now I know how our grandfather, Thengel King must have felt spending the remainder of his princely years without a father." Théodred turned to face Éomer. "That is not how our tradition goes. A Crowned Prince is to remain at his father's side until said father is on his deathbed, ready to hand the crown over to him. His heir is his apprentice, and that apprenticeship is to last until his father's last breath." Théodred sighed heavily. "I have missed so much of my father's teachings." "You are not the only one," Éomer grumbled. Théodred closed his eyes, feeling somewhat guilty. He had forgotten Éomer's father had died when his cousin was just a boy. It was something that continued to elude his mind as Éomer had been raised in the king's court as the sister-son of his own father. "Forgive me," Théodred finally spoke. "You know my intentions were not of the dire sort." Éomer smiled. "That I know, Cousin." The procession had halted at the ramp leading into the citadel. The guards disbanded, moving to the allocated positions in the front courtyard of the castle, while Gandalf escorted Aragorn into his new home and palace. The rest of the procession spread out among the courtyard while Merethrond, the Hall of Feasts, was prepared for the evening events. Éowyn – Éomer younger sister – stood with the newly appointed Prince of Ithilien, Faramir. Théodred smiled, knowing of the affection between the two, and even Éomer had a sense of approval in his eyes. "I hope Lord Faramir knows what he is getting himself into," Éomer murmured to his cousin, amusement in his eyes. Théodred chuckled. "I am sure our beloved Éowyn is a golden jewel in the eyes of the steward." "She has informed me of her intentions on returning to the Mark with us," Éomer continued. "She has no choice but to return with us," Théodred observed. "If her desire is to wed the Prince of Ithilien, then it would not be proper by... let us say Gondorian standards for the future Princess of Ithilien to be living as a guest to her to-be husband." Éomer blinked. "Quite a mouthful, Cousin." Both men grinned at each other. "It is good to know that some of your propriety has survived the war. It should help you to attract a reasonable bride." Théodred hummed with approval. "Another task in which my kingship demands of me." "If you wish for your House to continue, then yes." Théodred gave a one-shouldered shrug. "I have appointed you as my successor." Éomer bowed his head. "And I am thankful for it, Cousin. Yet you need an heir of your own body, not that of your aunt." Théodred laughed. "My late aunt bred well! I am in complete confidence that I shall not find a bride who could bear me such strong willed children as your aunt did for your father." It was Éomer's turn to laugh. "By the looks of these flower maidens of Gondor, you had best turn your hope to one of our own stock." "Quite indeed," Théodred agreed, observing a small group of ladies chatting nearby. Their gowns were of the finest silks, their hair dark as night, done up in elegant hairstyles. Quite different indeed compared to the hardy women of the Mark who enjoyed having their hair flowing down their backs or braided with gowns made of cotton, velvets, or wool. Very different indeed... "Observing the flora, I see." Both men turned to the voice behind them and saw the youngest son of their comrade, Prince Imrahil. "Prince Amrothos," Théodred said, clasping hands with him. "It is good to see you once again." "Likewise," Amrothos replied, turning his attention towards the women. "Not to your taste?" "We like our women approachable," Éomer commented. "Not to mention touchable," Théodred added. "Yes," Éomer said, frowning at the women. "These ones appear to shatter at the slightest touch." Amrothos laughed. "There is no mistaking you two grew up together! Fear not! Not all our women are... as you say 'breakable'. Come to the coastline, we have a good stock of 'touchable' women." "I will hold you to that," Théodred said friendly, pointing his finger at the young prince. Amrothos nodded his head towards his oldest brother, Prince Elphir. "My brother's wife, Lady Malrin is quite a woman! She is from the coast and does not quite fit into these high court gatherings. The same may be said about my sister." "Ah, yes! You have a sister," Théodred said, remembering Imrahil talking fondly of his youngest child. "Princess Lothíriel of Dol Amroth," Amrothos said, sounding out her entire title. "Quite approachable, but... a modest lady who can come off as shy." "In the Mark, shyness is the explanation of a modest woman," Éomer said. "You sound out our realm as if our women are mute!" Théodred observed. "Many were mute these past years." "For good reason," Théodred said, feeling very protective of his people. Amrothos bowed his head, hiding his smile. "Well, in any case, my beloved sister shall be attending the celebrations this evening." He turned to leave, but stopped short, twisting his back to face both men. "I should give you, Théodred King a fair warning; my father has high hopes you will dance with Lothíriel tonight." The young prince gave him a wink then left back to his own brothers. Théodred eyed Éomer warily. "Is it too bold to say that if I do not find this princess appealing or interesting, that I can turn a blind eye?" Éomer grinned. "As long as you do it the Eorlingas way." Théodred laughed wholeheartedly. "There would be no other way." Music rang in their ears that evening, as harps and violins soothed the gathering of guests within Merethrond. The hall was a light from hundreds of candles hanging in circles from high chandeliers, or hung elegantly on silver and gold candlesticks on the walls. The silver and black banner of Elessar hung down from the dais, followed by the blue banner of Dol Amroth, and the green banner of Rohan. The three great lords of these lands sat at the high table upon the dais talking merrily amongst each other, with the steward, and other lords of the many fiefdoms of Gondor. "It is comforting to see your spirits have lifted," Aragorn said to Théodred, who was sitting to his left. "Enjoy yourself this evening." Théodred smiled distantly, watching the guests taking their allocated seats. "I am rather looking forward to becoming better acquainted with your people. I fear this past decade I have not been so fortunate as to do so." Aragorn smiled. "I fear I am much obliged to do so myself." "It should not be too hard," Théodred remarked humorously. "Observing this crowd of visitors, one could easily make an estimation of at least three hundred guests." Théodred grinned at his friend. "Three hundred eager guests ready to make your acquaintance." Aragorn inhaled and let it exhale slowly, and then joked: "Would it be fair enough to say that this was a reason for my remaining in the north?" Théodred chuckled. "Having to acquaint myself with three hundred strangers who have to bow before my feet does indeed appear adverse." "You must be eager to return to the Mark, then?" Aragorn inquired, drinking his wine. "Quite eager indeed, my friend," he answered. "As much as the scenery and architecture of your new city has kept me fairly in awe, I must return to my own lands and set order there once more." Aragorn nodded. "A tough task ahead of you. Fear not, we are allies, and allies are true friends to another. What mine is yours." Théodred could not help but grin at that. "Truly? If that be the case, I require two hundred of your best and strongest horses, twenty yards of leather and gold thread to make new saddles, a tonne of hay to feed these horses, and if it is possible, I would need one large stable built to house