I pull my arms tighter around me, trying to keep the heat within my black cardigan. I breathed slowly in the cool air, and blew it out as it created an almost 'smoke' effect. I took in my surroundings once again, taking everything in making sure it stuck in my brain. The Quileute tribal school was small, and was built in the main village. It was a brown brick building with a slanted roof. It kept a little over a 100 students most of which I was acquainted with. La Push, where the school was built was a tiny reservation mostly known as the 'rez'. Everyone here knew everyone. We were a gossip loving reservation whether we liked it or not. Women huddled in the corners of the supermarket, churches, beaches as they told each other gossip they'd heard from other gossip sessions. This summer my family had been the topic of the gossip. Everyone and I mean everyone had tuned into my Dad's disappearance. It had shaken not only my family but the whole rez. In their opinion, no one was safe. An unwritten curfew was put upon the rez, no one was ever seen out past 9 pm anymore. My Dad's disappearance had happened on a humid Thursday during July. He'd left everything as it was as if he wasn't going anywhere but when my Mom who had been shopping in Forks at the time had called home and told my Dad to turn off the slow cooker because the meat might burn and he'd replied he would but when she'd arrived home an hour later. The slow cooker was still on but my Dad was gone. She'd assumed maybe one of his friends had called at the door and he'd left with them to have a walk or watch the Football on the TV at the nearby bar, the only place with a HD screen. She decided she'd have it out with him when he came home - but he never did. My oldest brother Luca, and my youngest Brady and myself had been cliff diving that day with our friends to celebrate the start of Summer. One we thought would be our best, we were sorely mislead. We arrived home about ten that night after we'd dried ourselves off at the Bonfire to a concerned frantic mother. She'd already called the police when we'd arrived home. A family friend, also the police officer Charlie had arrived with no emotion on his pale face. We'd been used to him in our house, more as a friend than a police officer. He had a weird aura to him this time, a scared one. 'Don't worry, Bonnie.' He'd said to my Mom. 'We'll find him and get him home safe'. It had been nearly four months and every lead was false. My father had literally vanished off the face of the earth. Recently, I'd just pushed it away from me. I couldn't deal with my depressed mother, or my brother's who pented up their anger even though I tried. I had been given the mothering job, unofficially. My mother who'd stop doing everything she'd once did was now a broken woman. She'd let her brown hair turn grey at the roots and stopped wearing her favorite makeup and perfume. It was understandable she'd lost her first love, her only love. They'd been together since High School. My mom was from La Push, while my Dad was from Forks the closest town to us. They'd met at a Bonfire, and the rest was history. So, we'd gotten partially my Mum's dark skin tone and black hair while we'd inherited my Dad's curiosity to nature and sci-fi stories. It wasn't odd that in a few days within my Dad going missing conspiracy theories started circulating. Mostly that he was captured by some cult, or even he willingly left to be in a cult. My Dad was into all that. He was a famous author. He wrote supposed 'true events' about 'supernatural' creatures. He had crazy stalker fans but we didn't dwell on their conspiracy theories. During my inner thoughts, I hadn't noticed my boyfriend make his way slowly to me. His hands dipped in his jean pockets, and a loose black top on him. He'd obviously just rolled out of bed because it looked like he'd misplaced his jacket and thought he'd be too late to school to find it. "Hey, Babe." He says, wrapping an arm around my waist as he pulls me into a bear hug. Quil who was my boyfriend was what I embarrassingly and only to myself called my soulmate. They say one in four high school relationships continue into marriage and I didn't doubt our relationship wouldn't make it till marriage. Quil and I just got each other. There wasn't anything I wouldn't tell him, or feel ashamed to tell him. He had been my biggest support when Dad went missing and I was unbelievably grateful for him because of that. Our relationship had gone through rocky parts during my Dad's disappearance but even when it was so hard and I was sure Quil hated me and wanted me to disappear, he didn't leave my side. He stuck by me when I'd 'break up' with him, or when I'd be too repulsive to be with he wouldn't dare leave. "Hey." I mumble. I dig my head into his shoulder. I notice his paranoid look, the almost semi permanent frown that had buried itself on his face recently. It's worse though, along with the protruding dark circles under his eyes. "You okay?" "I dunno." He answers honestly. He glances behind him and looks toward a group of stocky, tanned males. I felt sorry for Quil instantly. Last Summer when everything seemed to be going well for Quil, his 'best' friends Embry and Jacob had ditched him without so much as a explanation. I knew Quil felt awful and there wasn't much I could do. I invited him to hang with my friends and their boyfriends but it wasn't the same. He'd grown up with Embry and Jacob. Embry had ditched him first, then a month later so had Jacob. In La Push, another popular thing to gossip about was the group - or even cult Sam Uley had put together. They thought as themselves the Tribe Protectors but this was La Push - what was their to protect? They never stopped the youth from littering, or planning fights or even stopped teen drinking. They didn't talk to anyone within the community anymore. It had started with Sam Uley last year during the winter when he'd disappeared for two weeks, something I'd always wanted the police to look into after Dad had gone - was there any chance Sam's 'finding himself' story wasn't true? Had someone kidnapped him and then came for my Dad? It was a silly thought but it had haunted me. After Sam, it was like he'd recruited more teen boys like Jared Cameron my neighbor and then Paul Lahote someone I never really had any time for mostly because he was just irritating to me. Before he'd been 'recruited' he was a loud mouthed asshole who drank more than anyone I knew and smoked weed like he was a pro stoner - which he was. After them too, it had been Embry and then Jacob.. Quil then turns shakily toward me again. "They were at my house last night when I got back from your house." He gulps. "Gramp's wouldn't tell me anything. 'Council stuff', or something.. Then this morning Embry and Jake and Jared followed me to school.. I know they're coming this way too and you might call me paranoid but seriously, I walked to the shops too to see if they'd follow and they did. They followed me into the shop and didn't buy anything.." Quil sounds defeated. "I don't know what they're playing at. I tell Gramps but he makes me feel like I'm just crazy and paranoid.." "Quil, what the fuck?" I frown. "Did they say anything?" "No, as soon as I got in they were leaving but.. Sam stared at me as I walked inside. Then at the shops, I wanted to say something but.. I didn't want to seem crazy." "Do you want me to say something?" I ask, caressing his arm. He jerks away. "No!" He says almost angrily. "Do you how much worse it'd be if you said something? I'd be the laughing stock." "Uhh.. Sorry?" I pause, removing my hand from Quil as his frown goes deeper. "No, I'm sorry. I shouldn't of gone off at you like that. It wasn't your fault." Quil quickly corrects himself. "It's fine. Let's go get our schedule, yeah?" "Yeah.." He agrees slowly, taking one last glance at his two old friends before following me inside. At lunch, I'm on edge. It's the first time I've been back in school since my Dad's disappearance and it's like it's not 'old news' anymore like it's totally fresh. Teacher's I hadn't seen all summer had asked me how I was upon arrival to class and then had given me their condolences - something I'd always thought was just for when someone died, apparently not. I order a chicken sandwich in the lunch line and Fiona the kitchen lady gives it to me free because I 'deserve' it. I'm confused totally and give her the money anyway - How in the world do I deserve a chicken sandwich? I never did anything. The friends I hadn't contacted all Summer had awkwardly cleared a space for me. Amber, one of my best friends had been AWOL all summer. As soon as her Mom heard someone had gone 'missing' she'd whisked her away to Florida for a Summer rid of La Push and all its problems. I hadn't talked to her since Dad had gone missing, and truthfully I missed her. Quil slips in beside me as I sit down beside her. "So.." Tara Crown, one of my 'friends' awkwardly murmurs. "How are you doing now, then?" It takes me a minute to realize she's talking to me and when I do I put my chicken sandwich down and think of something to say to lighten the mood. "Uhh. Good. Fiona the kitchen lady gave me a free Chicken Sandwich." "That's shit." Pete, Amber's boyfriend chuckles. He always was a really nice guy. "I heard that Chicken's just left overs from last year." "I heard that the orange juice isn't from actual oranges." Tara's boyfriend, Phil interjects. "I heard it's vitamin water." Quil adds, but he's not even looking at us. He's just staring at Embry and Jake's table who aren't even staring at him - I follow their gaze to Luca's table. Luca's standing by the Jocks table his arms crossed as he starts to speak rapidly and angrily. Ever since Dad had gone, Luca's anger had started getting worse. There was holes in our walls now because of his terrible anger issues. He hit every wall he could when his anger got the best of him. He has his Football jersey in his hand as he shakes rapidly. I knew this would happen - he hadn't attended practise all Summer he'd been too busy mourning Dad and also drinking until he couldn't stand and now he was being kicked off the football team - and he was the captain. His voice raised higher as Timothy Rielly stood up, and clamped his hand around Luca's jersey. "I'll fuckin' kill you, Tim. I'll fucking kill you, let the fuck go." Luca shouts at his peer. I couldn't watch this any longer as Luca reached forward and grabbed Tim's collar. It wouldn't be good for any of us if Luca was kicked out of school on the first day, but It wasn't just me who couldn't watch anymore because as I started up from my chair and started walking over so had Embry, Jacob