If you recognize it, then I probably don't own it Preface I felt like I was trapped in one of those terrifying nightmares, the one where you have to run, run until your lungs burst, but you can't make your body move fast enough. My legs seemed to move slower and slower as I fought my way through the callus crowd, but the hands on the huge clock tower didn't slow. With relentless, uncaring force, they returned inexorably toward the end—the end of everything. But this wasn't a dream, this was nightmare. In my nightmare I wasn't racing to save my own life, I was racing to find someone. Alice had said there was a good chance we would both die here. So that was a promising outcome. Hopefully the outcome would be different if she weren't trapped by the brilliant sunlight; only I was free to run across this bright, crowded square. And I couldn't run fast enough. So it didn't matter to me that we were surrounded by out extraordinarily dangerous enemies. As the clock began to toll out the hour, vibrating under the soles of my fucking slow feet, I knew I was too late—and there was something bloodthirsty was waiting in the fucking wings. If I failed at this; well I've lived a long-ish life. The clock tolled again, and the sun beat down from the exact center point of the sky. Chapter one: Party I was ninety-nine point nine percent sure I was dreaming. The reasons I was so certain were that, first, I was standing in a bright shaft of sunlight—the kind of blinding clear sun that never shone on my drizzly new hometown in Forks, Washington—and second, I was looking at my Grandmother Miriam. Grandma had been dead since before I was born, and I only knew what she looked like because of pictures, so there was solid evidence towards a dream. Grammy hadn't changed much; I assumed. I'd never actually met her. Her face looked the same as it did in the pictures. Her skin was soft and weathered looking, bent into a thousand tiny creases that clung gently to the bone underneath. Like a dried apricot, but with a puff of thick white hair standing out in a cloud around it. Our mouths—hers a wizened pucker—spread into the same surprised half-smile at just the same time. Apparently, she hadn't been expecting me, either. I was about to ask her a question; I had so many—the first of which was 'What are you doing in my dream?' What had she been up to in the past seventeen years? Was Poppa okay, and had they found each other, wherever they were?—but she opened her mouth when I did, so I stopped to let her go first. She paused, too, and then we both smiled at the little awkwardness. "Miri?" It wasn't Grammy that called my name, and we both turned to see the addition to our small reunion. I didn't have to look anywhere to know who it was; this voice I would know anywhere—know, and be super annoyed that he was invading my personal space—like my dreams. Edward. Even though I was annoyed to see him—that fuck promised he stay away when I was asleep, we weren't joined at the hip—it was fucking crazy to see him walking in the sunlight. I almost panicked because Grammy didn't know that I was dating a vampire—nobody knew, well except his family—so how was I supposed to explain the fact that the brilliant sunbeams were shattering off his skin making it angry, red, and bubbly. Well, Grammy, you see you and my boyfriend have something cool in common. You've both been dead since before I was born. He's a vampire, he burns in the sun I know it's weird right, where's the fire. No but it's like a sun burn that becomes like a fire damage burn. Don't worry about it… What was he doing ? The whole reason he lived in Forks, the rainiest place in the immediate area, was so that he could be outside in the daytime without exposing his family's secret. Yet, here he was, strolling gracefully toward—with the most pleasant smile on his face—as if I were the only one here. In the second, I wished that I was not the one exception to his mysterious talent; I usually felt grateful that I was the only person whose thoughts he couldn't hear just as clearly as me, too, so that he could hear me tell him to get the fuck out of here. I looked at Grammy, and saw that I was too late. She was turning to stare back at me, her eyes as alarmed as mine. Edward—still smiling pleasantly—put his arm around my shoulder and turned to face my grandmother. Grammy's expression surprised me. Instead of looking horrified, she was staring at me sheepishly, as if waiting for a scolding. And she was standing in such a strange way—one arm held awkwardly away from her body, stretched out and then curled around the air. Like she had her arm around someone I couldn't see, someone invisible… Only then, as I looked at the bigger picture, did I notice the huge gilt frame that enclosed my grandmother's form. I couldn't comprehend that when I raised my hand that wasn't wrapped around Edward around Edward's waist and reached out to touch her. She mimicked the movement exactly, mirrored it. But where our fingers should have met, there was nothing but cold glass… With a jolt, I realized my dream was a nightmare. There was no Grammy. That was me. Me in a mirror. Me—old as balls, creased, and withered. Edward stood beside me, casting no reflection, excruciatingly lovely and forever seventeen. He pressed his perfect lips against my wrinkled cheek. "Happy birthday," I whispered. … I woke up with a start—my eyes pooping open wide—and gasped. Dull gray light, the familiar light of an overcast morning, took the place of the blinding sun in my dream. Just a dream, I told myself. It was only a dream . I took a deep breath, and then jumped again when my alarm went off. The little calendar in the corner of the clock's display informed me that today was September thirteenth. Only a dream, but a prophetic in one way, at least. Today was Edward's birthday. He was officially eighteen years old, at least to everyone else. I'd been looking forward to this day for months. All through the perfect summer—arguably one of the best summers in the history of entire world, and the rainiest summer in the recorded history of the Olympic Peninsula since 1912—this date had lurked in the ambush, waiting to spring. And now that it had hit, I was going to do everything I could to make it awesome, and embarrassing—for him. I could feel it. He was officially, according to his most recent identity, eighteen. Let the best birthday begin. … When I went to brush my teeth and put in my contacts, I scared myself because I wasn't cool and old and wrinkly. I stared at myself, looking for a sign of any creases along my milk-white skin. The only creases I had were on my forehead, and I knew if I could manage to stop making angry scrunched up faces that they would disappear. But my angry scrunched up angry face was patented, by me, and also I did it automatically and I couldn't stop it. I did my makeup, carefully, making sure it was perfect for today. I lined my whiskey-brown eyes, carefully, making sure it looked extra good for this special occasion. I dry swallowed my birth control, in a hurry to get out of my house as quickly as possible. I wasn't entirely able to avoid my dad and Prissy, she'd moved in the middle of July, so I had to stay at the top of the stairs while they went down the stairs holding hands. … I struggled to get a grip on myself as I drove to school. First there was the weird vision of old me, I couldn't get it out of my head—I looked damn good at the unspecific age of old. I felt giddy as I pulled into the parking lot and into my unassigned assigned spot behind Forks High School. I spotted Edward leaning motionlessly against his polished silver Volvo, like a statue. Today, different from every other day, his Volvo had been graffiti'd with a bunch of 'Happy Birthday's' in chalkboard pens. And he was there waiting for me , just the same as every other day. Even with dating him for half a year, I still couldn't believe that I was actually dating him. Probably because he could get super Emo at times, and it was super annoying; and also because I had smelly, smelly blood. His sister Alice was standing by his side, waiting for me, too. Of course Edward and Alice weren't related (in Forks the story was that all the Cullen siblings were adopted by Dr. Carlisle Cullen and his wife, Esme, both plainly too young to have teenage children), but their skin color was precisely the same shade, their eyes had the same strange golden tint. Her face, like his, was also beautiful. To someone in the know—like me—these similarities marked them for what they were. The sight of Alice waiting there—her tawny eyes brilliant with excitement, and a small silver-wrapped square in her hands—made me frown. I'd told Alice that the present ambush was to be at his locker not in the parking lot. Obviously my wishes were being ignored. I slammed the door of my '53 Chevy truck—a shower of rest specks fluttered down to the wet blacktop—and walked slowly toward where they waited. Alice skipped forward to me, her pixie face glowing under her spiky black hair. "Happy birthday, Edward!" She said when I was close enough. "Shh!" I hissed, glancing around the lot make sure no one had heard her. The last thing I wanted was the surprise was ruined. She ignored me, "Do you think he'll want to open his present now or later?" She asked eagerly as we made our way to where Edward still waited. "No presents yet." I reminded in a mumble. She finally seemed to process my plan. "Okay…later, then. Do you think he'd want a scrapbook made? Carlisle got him a camera." I grinned. Of course she would know what birthday presents everyone got him. Edward wasn't the only member of his family with unusal skills. Alice would have 'seen' what her parents were planning as soon as they'd decided that themselves. "No, but I think we should do it anyway." " I think it's a nice idea. You're only a senior once. Might as well document it." She giggled. "How many times have you been a senior?" She grinned and shook her head. We'd reached Edward then, and he held out his hand for mine. I took it eagerly, forgetting for a moment that he was going to be so embarrassed. He skin was always smooth and never clammy. He gave my fingers a gentle squeeze. I looked into his topaz eyes, and smiled. He smiled again. He lifted his free hand and traced one cool fingertip around the outside of my lips as he spoke, "So, as discussed, you are not allowed to wish me a happy birthday, is that correct?" "Yes, that's correct." I gave him a small smile. "But I'm still gonna do it anyway!" "Just checking." He ran his hand through his tousled bronze hair. "You know some people actually enjoy their birthdays." Alice laughed, and the sound was all silver, a wind chime. "Of course you'll enjoy it. Everyone is supposed to be nice to you today and give you your way, Edward. What's the worst that could happened?" She meant it as rhetorical question. "Getting older," He answered anyway. My smile turned into