If you recognize it, then I probably don't own it Chapter 1 I had the simple plan of kissing three people tonight I was pretty much halfway through that list. I kissed Tyler about half an hour ago and now I was proceeding to kiss Brody from the football team. I couldn't discount my success from Bonfire Night. I'm doing better than last year already. … We were laying on First Beach, him half on top of me, my hair getting extremely sandy, but at this point I didn't care. It was still early on Saturday night. Only about 11 or so there was a good chance of accomplishing my goal. Bonfire Night had started at 9 and would end when someone finally called the police or, like, at 8 on Sunday night. Officially it was the last big night of freedom before school on Monday and people started to go a little crazy. I definitely knew some girls would wind up pregnant from tonight's frolics , but I was determined to keep my life baby free even if it meant being celibate tonight. My partner, on the other hand, Brody-Football-Jock couldn't get pregnant. … "You're place or mine?" He whispered in my ear, then went back to giving me a hickey on my throat. "Neither," I sighed. I turned over to grab my beer, when he started kissing my back. "Right here?" "No." I said after I swallowed, "Tonight it might be fair game but remember you do have a girlfriend." "She won't care, it's Bonfire Night." "She won't?" I turned over so that I was on top of him now, "So we both know how extremely drunk you are. Mollie gets jealous of the wind." He chuckled, "C'mon Cas, live a little." "I'm out of beer which means you're out of luck." I kissed his lips one last time, stoop up, brushed the sand off my sarong and proceeded to walk away. I heard him flop back onto the sand with a definite grunt. It wasn't my job to be the glue tonight, tonight I could have whatever fun I was allowed. … Bonfire Night had some simple unspoken rules: the first and most important one being: 'hookups happen, don't be a douche about it.' The second: since the Quileute's provide the beer and other alcohol, and since the party is on First Beach they will be included and favored. It was a weird tradition, but it was tradition none the less. I walked over to the food and, mostly, drinks. Where the Quileute teens with fake ID's or real ones; mostly they were real… I'm pretty sure that teens on the reservation get an ID earlier that they do in Forks. That or some the liquor store owners in Forks were so intimidated by the hulking Quileute's that they were too scared to ask for ID. ... "We didn't buy any cocktails, so don't bother looking." He growled at me when I walked up to one of the coolers that held various alcohols. "Thanks?" I replied, looking around the cooler. I dug around in the ice, ignoring the Quileute staring me. "What are you looking for?" He asked when he saw me move away from the Red Solo Cups and boxed wine. I straightened up and looked up at him. He looked like a traditional Quileute—tanned skin, dark hair, high cheek bones, and brown eyes. But his eyes. His eyes repelled the light from the lanterns and bonfires, instead the lights stayed at the surface of his eyes, glittering gold flecks that danced. His eyes were so brown that I couldn't find the circle where his iris ended and his pupil began. His eyes were intense; striking; not dull or flat. They were deep never ending caves that swallowed all light that tried to break through. He must have been looking at my eyes the same way I had been looking at his because it wasn't until someone, another Forks Teen, grabbed a Solo Cup and some wine did we both jump. I looked down at the cooler below me, "Oh; um… beer. I'm looking for a beer." "Okay," He said and bent down to dig through the cooler. "Dark or Light? Or do you have any brand preferences?" "I like dark beer." I offered and bent down too. "Whatever we can find." His large hands clawed at the ice, until they were able to grasp the neck of a bottle. "Here," He said gently as he twisted the cap off the Westmalle Dubbel for me. Once he'd handed me mine, be bent down and grabbed the first neck his hand caught, "Do you want to take a walk with me?" "Sure." … We walked along the edge of the water in silence. Only the occasion sip of beer was taken. The water held a couple of half-naked people grunting, gasping, and splashing. "You think they're having fun or…" I trailed off. He turned to look at me for a moment before he joined me in watching the couple. "I think he's having fun—time of his life—and she's going to end up with sand everywhere for the next couple of days." He said. "Her reputation is definitely going to take a hit." "Agreed, but in the next five to ten years it will make a great story, and depending on who the guy is she might end up being treated like royalty." "As long as no one else sees her, she should fine." I smiled. He turned to look back at me with a half smirk, "That guy smells like a douchebag, though." I looked past him at the guy in the water. "Oh, he is…" I said once I recognized him, "That's Mike Newton, and—" I looked at the girl, "Jessica Stanley." "That's some good eyesight." He said as we walked away from Jess and Mike, but still walked along the shoreline. "That and he told me he was going to hook up with her twenty minutes ago." "Your boyfriend told you he was going to hook up with another girl?" He raised a dark eyebrow. "He's more like a friend." "Oh, good—I mean, it's good that he's not dating you so he can't cheat on you." "Thanks." I chuckled. "But it's Bonfire Night." "That's true too." He took a sip of his beer. "So what grade are you in?" "I'm a junior at Forks High." "So that makes you fifteen?" "Sixteen." "Oh good. I'm sixteen too." "You don't exactly look sixteen, I kind of thought you were in your twenties." I commented. "That's just 'cause I'm a big boy." His arm slinked across my shoulders as he held me close. "And you look like you're about twelve." "That's because I'm short." I was only around five three. Well, five two and three quarters, but I always round that up to five three. "I thought you were a kid, there was no way I was going to let you have anything to drink." "But you didn't know how old I was until just now." "I figured watching you and making sure you don't do anything stupid was as good as stopping you." He shrugged. His warm arm never left my shoulder. "A twelve year old and dark beer?" "I thought you were trying to appear older." "For who? My middle school friends?" "Yup. I mean look at all the middle schoolers here." He gestured broadly, his arm still around me, "All none of them. I just thought you were someone's kid sister." I grinned up at him, as we neared the forested edge. There was a nice broad tree with thick branches that spanned from close to the ground. I leaned against one of the lower branches, with him standing in front of me. I raised an eyebrow at him, "A kid sister, never heard that before." We both dropped our now-empty beer bottles on the ground near the stump. He leaned over me, with his hands stretched above his hand holding on to the branches above, and grinned wolfishly. I bit my lip and smiled. "Well," He said feigning thoughtfulness, "You could prove me wrong." "And how would I do that?" "You could prove it, we could…" He looked to the ocean quickly and then back to me, still with a wolfish grin. "We can always rival your friends, Mike and Jessica, with our own story?" "I don't have anything on me, and I'm not taking anything either." "You don't have to have anything." He leaned closer. "I'd rather not risk it." He looked at me and nodded, "I get it." "There's always other stuff we can do." I suggested. … I was wrapped around him; one of his hands curled in my hair the other on my ass. I kept my hands on his broad shoulders. As we rubbed against each other I was really regretting my decision go celibate tonight; and the fact that there was a just a thin sarong on my end and his rough jeans keeping us apart. "Are you sure you don't wanna go ham?" He asked, mostly breathless. "You know; I'm not quite sure anymore." I was equally as breathless as he was. He grinned this wolfish smile at me, "I'm very happy you said that." "I can feel it." Just before he could respond I was pushed off him. "You stupid bitch!" … I had the wind knocked out of me, as I was knocked onto the ground. Mollie stood in front of me, her chest heaving out of her bikini, her nostrils flaring, and fire burning in her eyes. "What the fuck!" He said, he stood up fast guarding me from her. As dangerous as a ninety pound cheerleader could be—actually she was vindictive as hell. "That stupid bitch made out with my boyfriend!" She shrieked. I got off the ground, "Mollie, what the hell!" I tried to push past him to confront her myself, but he wouldn't let me pass. "You dumb bitch, you think you can make out with my boyfriend and nothing would happen! I thought we were friends!" He turned to look at me, " She 's your friend?" He had stepped back but still maintained an authority to pull us apart if Mollie or I went ape shit on each other. "She was." Mollie spat at me. "Mollie," I said kindly, now he turned to look at me with a confused expression his face, "Remember last Bonfire Night when Ashley P. and Lacey F. both hooked with Brody." "Yes." She said stiffly. "And remember when Brody and Re were caught sixty-nine-ing each other, last year." "Yes." She said with the same hostility. He just looked at me perplexed as ever. "And Brody and Re caught you with three guys from the swim team?" "So?" "All I did was kiss him, and you didn't have nearly as bad a reaction to Lacey, Ashley, or Re and they did much more." "That's different, they're sluts. I know Re is also your bestie, or whatever, but I expect it from them." She said in a different tone, a softer one. "Not you, you're one of my best friends. I didn't expect you to betray me like they did." He turned to look at me, "She's one of your best friends ?" "What's your point?" I said to him, then back to Mollie, "Moll, I would never intentionally hurt you. I thought since it was Bonfire Night, and since you and Brody promised not to get jealous of each other tonight it would be okay. If it makes you feel better, I heard that Lacey F. wanted to hook up with him again and I was trying to keep him away from her." "You were really trying to keep Lacey from him?" She asked, her blue eyes wide, "I can't be lieve her! First she tries to take my spot on the Cheer Tower and now she's trying to steal Brody from me! On Monday,