If you recognize it then I probably don't own it. Prologue I had never really given much thought to how I would die. Sure, there was the abstract suicidal thought I got when driving over a bridge. The eternal restlessness of waiting in line and wanting die. The wish of death during any humiliation but this was different. Those times, with exception of the random 'hey you drive right over the side of the bridge', I wanted to die. Temporarily at least. But this time. This time, it was different. I didn't want to die. I don't want to die. Not yet away. As I felt my heart beat rapidly against my chest. He moved in almost slow motion watching me watch him. Knowing he heard every thump of my heart, every swish of my blood as it moved across my veins. This death would not be temporary. This death would mean a closed wooden coffin slowly lowered in the ground. This death would mean worm food. I can't believe it came to this. Chapter One: Peachy Keen "You really don't have to go, sweetie." Mom said in that honey-irritable voice. The one she used when she tried to remain calm, the one she used when she didn't want to cry, the one she used when we talked about my dad. "I know." I sipped the green tea I got in the airport coffee joint. Things had been tense between us, since the screaming match a couple weeks ago. We were sitting in the airport terminal 12-A. Waiting for her husband to get her the cinnamon roll with blue jellybeans and honey on top. She stroked her swollen belly absent mindedly. Subconsciously letting everyone know her condition and angering me all over again. I turned away from her. Ten minutes later her husband joined us, he held the Cinna-bon box in one hand and the jelly beans in the other. He sat down across from mom, his stomach protruded out more, and his rain coat was still zipped up. It wasn't even raining out. "Did you get it?" "I got it." He opened the Cinna-bon box and placed a napkin and the cinnamon roll on top of the table on his left. He opened the jelly bean packet (blueberry) and popped some in his mouth. Then he took the left over honey packets that came with my tea and smothered the cinnamon roll in it. He sprinkled the jellybeans on the cinnamon roll. Making it look like a weird cinnamon-y blueberry scone. "Here you go, Renée." He carefully handed it to her. She took a bite, smacking her lips as she did so. "Flight 12-A delayed for half an hour." The nasally voice fell through the PA system. "Peaches, we still can go home if you want." He told me. "No, I'm fine." Naturally, I was cursing internally at his casual use of my childhood nickname. "I want to go." … My flight was boarding, finally. "Bye, Peachy Cream." Mom whispered tucking a lock of my hair behind my ear. I walked toward the boarding dock/ loading dock. Whatever it's called… then turned around to get one last look at her. Her Nordic features: blonde hair, blue eyes, white skin with pink undertones. All marred by her most recent choices in spouses and hard round belly. She looked like she was going to cry. "Bye, Mommy." I mouthed knowing she was the only who could read my lips. I turned to leave handing the flight attendant my ticket. "Wait! Peaches!" She called, my heart lifted… maybe…. "I forgot! Don't move!" She rushed me, capturing me in a hug just before I turned around. She kissed my cheek smearing her lipstick more, wrapping my nose in the smell of nail polish that surrounded her. "I can't believe I almost forgot!" She pushed the bag into my hand. "Don't open until six fifty-six tonight, okay." I nodded. "I have to go now." "Call me when you get there safely." She commanded. I boarded the plane. … The flight was relatively short one, an hour and a half – two hours tops. When I landed in Seattle I would take connecting flight to Port Angeles. Then I would drive an hour to Forks with my dad. I was kind of excited, I hadn't seen my dad since the summer and even though we had bi-weekly phone calls it was still like he was my part time dad. When I called him two weeks ago, begging to live with him, he sounded excited. He told me last night, that I didn't have to move today, but I wanted too. It would be my first birthday with just me and my dad. Maybe he and I could watch Thelma and Louise or Terminator or something. Last night he told me he already registered me for school! … When I finally arrived in Port Angeles it was raining. Not a heavy rain, a light mist. The kind of mist that made my hair frizz out slightly. I grabbed my suit cases from baggage claim, and checked my watch five o'clock on the dot. My dad said he would be there no later than five fifteen. So all I had to do was wait. He called me at five oh-eight letting me know he'd arrived, and where to meet him. … "Hi dad." "Peach!" He broke out in a smile and smothered me in a hug. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to wrinkle the bag." "It no problem!" I smiled. I liked my dad I really did and when we spent time together we got along. "Before you get in the car, I just want to let you know that Priscilla came with me." He picked up two of my three suitcases. "Oh, okay." I said mildly surprised. I didn't expect his girlfriend, the nurse, to be here. "Don't give me that face, Peach, she didn't get to meet you during the summer and I really wanted you to meet each other." "Okay." We loading up my things, leaving the present from my mom with me. … "Hi! You must be Peaches!" Priscilla bubbled, "Your dad has been talking about you nonstop! Charlie, she looks just like you!" I guess was somewhat true, I had my dad's brown eyes, and brown hair but where his skin had yellow undertones I had blue. I was tall like him too, and we had the same quick metabolism. My dad shifted the car into gear and pulled out of the airport, "One hour until we reach Forks." "Oh, Peaches. I love your nails. Did you do them yourself?" Jesus, what am I a five year old child. "Hey Peach, do you have your license?" Dad asked changing the subject. "Yeah, I got it two months ago. Why?" "I found a car for you, a good car. Cheap too." "A car?" What the hell was he talking about? "It's actually a truck. A Chevy." "What?" "Do you remember Billy from La Push? You met him six – seven years ago, I think." A great story teller my dad. "I don't think so… What's La Push again?" "La Push is the small Native American reservation outside of Forks." Prissy told me. "Remember Billy and I took you and his kids camping over visitation." "I remember we went camping." And I couldn't figure out where the bathroom was and peed my pants. My throat burned at the memory. "Well, he's in a wheel chair now. He got Lyme disease a while back, and he didn't get treatment until it was too late. Side warning for you: if you walk in the woods when you get home take the hottest shower you can then let Priscilla or me know. I don't want you getting sick." Arguably the best storyteller. "Anyway, Billy can't drive it and sold it to me. I know it's not six fifty-six but it's yours." "Six fifty-six… you mean it's a birthday present?" I asked. "Yup." My dad nodded the same time Prissy screamed "Surprise!" "Aren't you excited? You got a car!" Prissy squealed. Her coppery curls (made by a curling iron, no doubt) bounced as she shook her head. "Dad, that's… that's…" I couldn't find the right words. The rules of six fifty-six, four thirty-two, and somewhere around noon didn't cover a car, sorry truck. "Too big, I can't let you do that. What about the rules of somewhere around noon ." Ha got you there. The Birthday Rules were simple, you had to get the Birthday Baron/ness (my mom's term) a present that they'd love. You Baron/ness would have to present the gifter with a list at least two weeks before the actual birthday or else get something they wouldn't want (insert horrified gasp) Then you have to pre sent the present to the Baron/ness at the time of their birth otherwise it doesn't count. This meant waking up on May 12th at four thirty-two in the morning to give my mom her birthday present. There was also a song and dance that went along with it but they had to be saved for the sun to come up around ten. "Those are your mom's stupid rules, it's your birthday all day. And you'll like the car, it runs great, but if you're stuck on the goddamn rules I give you the keys at six fifty-six." "What year is the truck, hon?" "Uh, I think Bill bought it in '83 or '85... Or was it '84?" "But what's the car's year, Charlie." Ooh, Prissy was not backing down. "Sweetie, Peach, the thing runs great." "Dad, answer the woman." I used my best game show voice. My dad turned onto the Forks Exit. "I think it came off the lot in the sixties…" He said sheepishly. "It runs great, really, classic American made. Some collectors wanted to buy it from Bill and store it in a garage. But I convinced him to sell it to me it really is a beautiful car." "So it's perfect then!" I said brightly, dad was losing his hard sell. "Thank you for thinking of me, I really appreciate it." It was kind of weird though, that was a full time dad thing. Buying your kid a car, a part time dad should have let me take the bus… maybe I was the part time kid while he was a full time dad. I only showed up, like, twice a year, we talked on the phone often, and emailed a lot. But I never really thought of him as DAD all caps, but I was still his KID all caps. In the past he was sort of an I-can-live-without-you kind of thought. I only really thought about him when I had to. I realized I never actually thought 'hey my dad would be proud of this 'A'' like I would with my mom. Meanwhile he probably thought about me a lot. He bought me a car! His friend could have made a small mint by selling it a collector and he bought it for me instead. My throat started to burn. "This place is really green…" I said placidly. "Yeah, it's from all the rain we get. If you look carefully at the leaves of the trees you can see where they slant to brace themselves." Dad told me. "They do that?" "Yeah, it's so they leaves don't fall off the branches when the rain hits 'em." Dad explained. "He just loves the nature channel." Prissy giggled, resting her arm around the back of his chair. I decided I liked Prissy for the moment. She seemed to genuinely like my dad. … Eventually we got to my dad's house. He still lived in the small two bedroom that he bought with my mom when they were first married. Their parked on road just past the mail box it sat. All rounded and orange. With bubbled metal at met at every corner, and large eye-like head