A/N I don't own this story or Harry Potter; Harry Potter is owned by J.K. Rowling and the story is owned by my uncle. I am merely posting his story. CHAPTER ONE THE DAY AFTER Harry Potter stirred in his bed. He felt incredibly stiff and quite groggy, as one often feels when emerging from a long night's sleep. As he opened his eyes, many familiar sights and sounds filled his senses. The first sound to reach Harry's ears was the irregular noise of Ron's deep breathing. Though it was dark, Harry could still recognize various shapes all sleeping soundly in Neville, Dean and Seamus' four poster beds, and hear the chorus of snores coming from the occupants. Harry sat up and shook his head, hoping the dull thudding he felt there would soon be gone. He thought perhaps it had all been a nightmare. Certainly, at first glance everything seemed like a normal Hogwarts' morning. Could the last several months have occurred only in his head? Harry knew that wasn't the case, though it was a hopeful thought. He considered waking Ron, but decided to let him sleep. This was time Harry neede to experience alone. Through his many years at Hogwarts, whenever Harry had lain awake at night he had gotten up and gone to the Gryffindor common room. There he would sit on the couch in front of the fire, either alone with his thoughts, or, on occasion, having a chance to talk with his godfather, Sirius Black, through the fireplace. Sirius, sighed Harry, was another person with whom he was close who had sacrificed his life in the recent struggle. Harry quietly slipped out of the dormitory and down into the Gryffindor common room. It, too, was dark and still, as well as apparently empty. Though he knew that Hogwarts had recently been an eventful place, at the moment all seemed to be completely at peace. Harry was in no hurry to have that illusion shattered, so he decided to settle down on the couch. But as Harry went over towards the fire, he noticed a shape already there. As Harry cautiously approached, the light from the fire revealed that the shape was the sleeping form of Ginny Weasley. Harry's heart leapt. This was as close to as he had been to her for almost a year, since Bill and Fleur's wedding last summer. In some ways it seemed like a lifetime ago, and yet as he looked at her sleeping peacefully on the couch it felt as though it was only yesterday. As he gently sat down beside her, Ginny's eyes fluttered and she slowly awoke. A smile crossed her face as she leaned over and fell gently into Harry's arms. No matter what else had happened, all now seemed right in Harry's world. For now, that was all Harry needed. His eyes were still heavy, and soon he allowed them to fall shut. Harry did not know how long he was asleep before he again awoke. Ginny was already awake, and she shifted to look at him. Harry gazed back into Ginny's eyes and they kissed softly. It felt as though he could gladly just look at her for hours and be happy. Finally, Ginny spoke, breaking the silence. "You know, the three of you caused a mild panic yesterday." Her statement had Harry immediately confused. He could think of many events that had occurred yesterday, the majority of which could be considered major catastrophes. He had no idea what Ginny was referring to that might qualify as only a mild panic. "How is that?" "About mid-afternoon, people noticed that you, Ron and Hermione were missing. Mum immediately feared the absolute worst. Search parties were sent out and it was all very nervous until Neville reported that he found you sleeping in the dorms. Once everyone calmed down, someone decided a little sleep sounded like a good idea, so the students were sent back to the dorms and the rest all bedded down in the Great Hall." "So why aren't you in your room?" Ginny gave Harry a long, soft smile before she spoke. "I wanted to make sure I saw you as soon as you woke up. It has been almost exactly a year since you decided we had to break up for my safety. I reluctantly agreed and I waited patiently. For months and months I did not know where you were, what you were doing, or even if you were alive. I decided I had waited long enough. Besides, today is likely to be another busy day, and I wanted to spend some time with you before things became too hectic." "Err … busy day?" stammered Harry. "You've always been good at focusing on your task at hand, but you really are oblivious to much of the world around you," said Ginny with a smile. "There is a memorial service planned this evening for everyone who was killed in the battle," she continued. "It was really an odd feeling in the Great Hall yesterday. Everyone seemed to be elated that Voldemort had been defeated, and proud of their part in the battle. But those feelings were mixed with sorrow for those who had died, gratitude for all who came to help, and pure exhaustion once the adrenaline of the battle wore off." Just then Hermione appeared from the girls' dormitory, followed by Parvati Patil and a group of younger Gryffindor girls. Ginny slowly sat up straight, no longer leaning against Harry, though she still held his hand. Harry felt as though he was waking up from a pleasant dream and being dumped right back into reality. Hermione's eyes were red and misty. It was obvious she had been crying, and a quick look at all the other girls showed that they had been crying also. "It was so sad, seeing Lavender's empty bunk," explained Hermione. "The others tell me that she died from her injuries yesterday." Lavender Brown had been one of Harry's classmates at Hogwarts. She had started the same year as Harry, been in most of his classes, and had even dated his best friend Ron. Her death meant that Harry now knew of at least three of the students he had taught in his 'Dumbledore's Army' group had given their lives in the battle. Harry had seen Colin Creevey's limp body being carried into the Great Hall before going into the Forbidden Forest to give himself up to Lord Voldemort. And they had all seen Fred Weasley's death early in the battle. How many others had Harry helped to train, only to lead them to their deaths yesterday? "How many others?" asked Harry quietly. "There were dozens, maybe around fifty," admitted Ginny. "I think Fred, Lavender, Colin Creevey and Justin Finch-Fletchley were the only students. Then there were Firenze, Lupin, Tonks and several others of the Order. Old Elphias Doge arrived just before the last part of the battle and got hit by a stray Avada Kedavra curse. Plus there were several losses on the other side, including a few who had been under the Imperius curse, and, of course, Crabbe, Fenrir, Bellatrix and Voldemort. Ron, Neville, Dean and Seamus then made their appearance as they emerged from the boys' dormitory. Though their eyes were not as red as the girls', they were also in a somber mood. "What's everyone talking about?" said Ron as he slid beside Hermione. While Ron and Hermione had been close for awhile, the ordeals of the last year and the intensity of the last few days seemed to have transformed them from friends into something much more. "Yesterday, of course. What else do you think would be on our minds?" sighed Hermione. Once again, silence filled the room. "Well, I say we head down to the Great Hall," announced Ron. "I need to see how Mum and Dad are doing. Besides, I'm starving." Everyone chuckled, as Ron always had a tendency to be driven by his stomach. With that first light hearted moment of the day, the Gryffindors paraded down to see what awaited them in the Great Hall. That room had always been the gathering spot at Hogwarts, and such was again the case today. The many sleeping bags of every conceivable size and shape that were piled up in the corner indicated that a large number of people had slept here overnight. The room was filled with people talking and eating breakfast while house elves busily brought out platters of food. Several of the ghosts of Hogwarts were floating around the room, and Nearly Headless Nick swooped straight through Harry as he entered, filling Harry as always with a feeling of cold chills. But Nick seemed so happy that Harry didn't mind so much. As Harry glanced around the room, he suddenly saw Mrs. Weasley fly by him, rushing to embrace Ron and Ginny. Mr. Weasley, unable to keep up, was following behind her. "You three certainly gave Molly quite a fright last night. I'm afraid with Fred's death she is more than a little skittish about the rest of her family." Hermione and Harry looked guiltily at each other before Harry spoke. "I'm sorry. It was all my fault. We hadn't slept since before we broke into Gringotts two days ago. I had just used up every bit of my physical, mental and emotional reserves. I felt that I couldn't go any farther without collapsing." This statement brought Mrs. Weasley's attention back to Harry. "Broke into Gringotts? What are you talking about? What in heaven's name would you have been doing there? What other trouble have you three all been getting into since last summer?" It was Hermione's turn to smile. "I think we are going to need an entire day to bring you up to speed on what the three of us have been doing. It is a very long story." Hermione's eyes then lit up and acquired a far away look. "Yes, we are going to have to find a way to tell that story," she continued. Then she walked away and began having a conversation with Luna Lovegood, their friend from the Ravenclaw house who had been sitting all alone at a nearby table. "I hate it when she does that," laughed Ron. "I half expected to see her head off to the library, just like in the old days whenever she had an idea. In some ways it's like we were never gone, isn't it Harry?" Then Ron looked at his family and remembered it was missing one person. Memories of Fred falling in the struggle filled his mind. During the heat of the battle and his own fight for survival, Ron had been able to put aside his pain and grief. But now those feelings came crashing home. He looked at his family and friends and his voice cracked. "What are we going to do about Fred?" Mrs. Weasley's eyes filled with tears and Ginny moved closer as her mother drew her tightly into her arms. Ron's brothers Charlie, Percy and George all stood by silently, hanging their heads. Finally, it was Mr. Weasley who answered. "I don't know if you've heard about the service planne for tonight? Well, it has been decided to create a memorial for all who fell here defending Hogwarts and fighting the Dark Lord. They will all be placed in a tomb near Dumbledore's as a reminder to all future students of the sacrifices that were made here. We'll get our chance to say our goodbyes to Fred then." Harry was feeling a little out of place. Though he had always been close with the Weasleys, he felt as if he were intruding on a private moment. He decided it would be best to leave the Weasley family to themselves and join Hermione and Luna for breakfast. As soon as he sat down, the house-elf Kreacher appeared suddenly at his side, giving Harry quite a start. "Master Harry, what