So, I noticed a ton of mistakes, and some things I didn't make too clear so I re did this capter, and school is ending soon by the way. I will work on the next chapter quick, and I am so sorry for not updating for like three months! I got so many reviews, and I'm a jerk! . Well, I do not own Twilight! The plot is mine, and that's pretty much it! :D Chapter One Moving to La Push BPOV I was having one of those days; one where all I wanted to do was go to sleep and never wake up. Yes, depressing, and confusing I know, but if you knew what my life was like, you'd understand it perfectly, and know that I have my reasons to be so pessimistic. My name is Isabella, it means 'God's promise'. My last name is Uley. I live with my father, in Chicago, and it's not exactly fun; alright, not exactly fun does not cut it. It's a living hell. Ever since I was young, I had only been with my father Joshua; my mom was no where to be found. Joshua isn't the dads most people have, he doesn't work, hardly talks to me, and grows violent very easily. I remember when I was nine years old, my friend Brady used to ask me about my bruises. I would tell him that I fell down the stairs, or some other lame excuse. Being the older one, he realized right away I was lying; he knew what Joshua did to me. He beat me. Now you understand right? Why I'm so down on...life? Because of that- "Bella!" He yelled through the thin crappy oak door, interrupting my thoughts. I guess with only my salary we couldn't afford much. Yes, my salary. I had to have a job. He didn't though. He just drank all day and fucked all night. I had to listen to that too. He abandoned every single one, and never used protection. How did I know that? Well, his drawers never had any condoms, and sometimes, the girl would come back and say she's pregnant. He blew them off every time. I had to watch the fear and worry glow in their eyes. Not to mention the tears of remorse, regret, and rejection. the three "R's" I called them. I didn't know who my mother was, but he said that I was an unwanted whore, and I had to stay with him, or he'd be arrested. It didn't stop him though, from rejecting all his children. I think it was up to about thirteen now. I had thirteen half brothers and sisters, but I never got to meet any of them. It became my life's disappointment not to have little brothers or sisters. Maybe even big brothers or sisters. I would love to have older brothers. Like Brady did, my old best friend I had before they had to move. He was a lot older though. He was thirteen and I was nine. He sounded particularly angry today though, my father. I thought he was gone though... "ISSSABELLA MARIE ULEY! LET ME IN RIGHT THISSINSSTANT!" He slurred. Dammit, he's drunk. Joshua Uley, my father, was not a good drunk. He tried to hit me when he was drunk. I usually hid in a god spot, but today I thought he was fucking, not drinking. Apparently, I was wrong. That bastard... Joshua flung himself at my door, flying through it, as I slid back into the wall. He looked angry, but his stupid confident shit-eating smirk was there. My fear must have been too evident in my eyes,because every time I would get scared, that fucking smirk would come onto his face, even if he was angry. I shrunk back a little, as he dusted the rubble off his wife beater and inched closer. "Yes Joshua?" I tried to say calmly. My voice trembled, and for a moment, he looked confident. In a matter of ten seconds, his confident smirk soon turned furious, as he brought his fist up behind his head. I froze, automatically. A response I couldn't stop from happening. What did I do? I pondered on it for a while. What had I done to make him so mad? Or what didn't I do? I thought for a moment. What didn't I do? Wait-What didn't I do? Then it hit me. Or should I say, thats when they hit me. The fist came before the realization did, and as I was falling, my realization became vague. I had to try to remember...I wracked my brain. Then I realized what I hadn't done. I didn't call him daddy. Everything went in sow motion, like it did in movie during a car crash. I felt myself bracing for the floor, as I went face down, but that rough carpeted feeling didn't arrive to my face. Something sharp hit my forehead and slid down my face, a gash was pouring blood out of my face and skull. "Ouch..." I moaned in pain, as the darkness began sweeping over me. I called out the one thing I could think of- "Joshua!" Something slammed into my side, and I knew at once what was happening, as I felt several blows to my ribs and legs. He was beating me, because I forgot to call him daddy. That fucking bastard will... I blacked out then, and a dark wave smashed over my face. The last thing I thought, was, 'I'll see you soon mom...' Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. Beep. What the fuck is that? "When is she going to wake up?" I opened my eyes, confused at, one. Where the hell was I? and Two. Who is here with me? I could only see through my left eye though; the other one was covered in bandages. I saw a man standing by my bed. My hospital bed. Oh shit, I'm in the fucking hospital...The man gave me a small smile. It wasn't Joshua. I knew that for sure. The man looked much younger than him, and much more put together. He didn't have that ugly confident shit eating smirk on his face either. He was wearing a long sleeved blue dress shirt with some khakis. He had a long white doctor's lab coat on. His skin was scary pale, like he was dead, and his eyes were light golden; the strangest color I had seen in a while. He was beautiful, in a totally I'm-Adonis-Nice-To-Fucking-meet-you kind of way. "W-who are you?" I stuttered. I cried out in pain though, right when I spoke. My mouth was aching on it's right side. My whole face was. That stupid ass hole. "I'm Dr. Cullen. Are you in any pain right now? Do you know who you are? Having any memory problems." He smiled softly. I shook my head slowly, confirming that I... "Who am I?" He looked shocked at my sudden outburst "I was only joking Miss Uley..." I cut him off quickly. "Who''s Miss Uley?" I asked, confused. I remember Joshua...but who am I?...Think Bella think...wait a second... I mentally slapped myself, and shook my head. "Bella. My name is Bella...right?" I looked up to see him smiling. "that would be correct Isabella." "Bella." I corrected automatically. He chuckled softly, and patted my head, staying clear of my face. "Honey, what happened to you? You have many bruises and that cut on your face..." Dr. Cullen stated, slowly tracing the bandages, looking worried. I had to think of an excuse in case Joshua was here- "I fell down the stairs, and it hurt, so I went to lay down in my bed, and I must have slashed my head on my bedside table." He nodded thoughtfully, before chuckling again. "You're not very coordinated are you?" I giggled and shook my head. "Not at all." - - - ONE MONTH LATER - - - Well, Joshua ran off, and I have no family! YAY! Oh, AND I will most likely have permanent scars! I don't even know yet because I cannot take off the bandages! Whoopy! That was very fucking heavy sarcasm. I have no one to stay with until they find a family member, which they might not. Then I have to be adopted, and I don't want to be adopted! What if they're freaks! Okay. That sounded very ironic coming from me, since I am probably the biggest freak in the universe. SIGH! I sat behind Mrs. Cullen while she was looking on the computer for any family members. Esme chuckled, looked behind me, and smiled. "Go sit. We wouldn't want to ruin this surprise now would we?" I shook my head no, and sat in the chair in the Cullen's living room. They were kind enough to let me stay with them until I either A-Found a family member, or B-Get a new adoptive home. Emmett-My bear of a best friend-came in and sat next to me. "Hey Squirt!" He rubbed my hair. I hated that so much, I did it. I knew he would get so mad, pretty much, because he said he was absolutely terrified of blood- "OUCH! MY FACE! YOU TOUCHED MY CUT! OWEEEEYY! IT'S BLEEDING!" He ran away, and I chuckled. I heard his feet pause though for a moment, and he came back in, looking annoyed and relieved at the same time. I smiled smugly and he looked at me with his mouth open to shape an "O". "Hey watch out. You might catch some flies Emmett." I laughed. "You are NOT bleeding! YOU LIE! CARLISLE! BELLA LIED TO ME! CAN WE GO PUSH HER IN A LAKE!" He stormed off, and right after he left, I burst out laughing. "So Not Funny!" Emmett boomed. This caused me to laugh even harder. Mrs. Cullen-she likes me to call her Esme- Cleared her throat. I looked over wearily. This was it. The last time she would check for relatives. This is the time she would have to tell me. By the expression, I'm guessing there were none. "Bella..." She said softly, trying to comfort me. The tears wound up in my eyes anyway. "Samuel Uley." She said it so quietly, I could barely hear her. But boy, did I hear her... "Who?" I whispered, wide eyed. She smiled, walking over to me. "Samuel Uley, your brother." I felt a sob build up in my throat. I threw my arms around her neck, and thanked her. I began jumping up and down in the living room, running around and basically crying. "OhMiGod!" I squealed. "I have a brother!" - - - ONE WEEK LATER - - - Today was the day I would arrive at Samuel's home. He accepted quickly, Esme said he was worried, and excited. I also get to take the bandages off for good when I arrive in La Push. I worried that maybe it would be much to noticeable, the scar. People already stared at me for my bandages and stupid shortness. I'm like five foot! That's about it! Maybe I'm like five foot one now. Wouldn't that be great? The goodbyes were terrible. Saying goodbye to Esme, Carlisle, Rosalie, Emmett, Alice, Jasper, and Edward, that was nearly impossible, and I was practically bawling into Alice's shirt. I would miss Alice and Jasper the most. Alice was this shopaholic little short pixie. She reminded me of tinker bell, or the energizer bunny wrapped up in a tiny package of fairy dust and designer clothing. She actually got me new converse and some pairs of skinny jeans, to her displeasure I might add. She also got me an IPod touch 3g, with one thousand of my favorite songs. Yes, ONE THOUSAND! She's just the best. Jasper Hale was much different. He loved history, and was the shy, emotion type. They made a great pair though; they say opposites attract. I whistled quietly as I flipped on All you need is love by