Beyond the Measure of Dreams By: Skye Rutherford The Third Age 3019 Autumn came to Gondor. In the regions where the seasonal frost brushed over the land, much of the foliage was set ablaze in fiery arrays of red and gold. Mild days were complimented by chilly nights and, as it had been during the summer, the air was clean and invigorating, for no longer did a foul, black haze, or a deadly, poisonous fume ride the drafts from Mordor. No longer did the free people of Middle Earth live in constant fear of the shadow and threat that was Sauron's evil. For those who had survived the war against that darkness, peace was, at last, no longer a fleeting dream. For one man in particular, it went beyond the measure of dreams alone. But for another, it was a journey not fully completed. Midmorning on a clear day in late October, cirrus clouds passed over Emyn Arnen, spreading like the tails of mares galloping in the wind. On the crest of a high hill, Faramir, Steward six months now to King Elessar, rode out of the shadows from a copse of trees. He brought his horse to an easy halt and dismounted. Since the previous morning, he and his brother had been tracking an elusive stag. For a time they even joked that perhaps the animal was the mysterious White Stag, a creature they had heard stories of when they were children. Legend told that it possessed magical powers --- especially for those who had lost their way. But, with Faramir's keen knowledge as a Ranger, he and Boromir were hardly ignorant of their bearings in these hills and woods. Presently, Faramir's bay mare nudged her black, velvety nose against his shoulder. She nickered softly as he scratched at a particularly favourite area between her eyes, then tousled her forelock before leading her forward. A few paces ahead, his brother climbed from his own mount and as Faramir watched, Boromir crouched in the soft grass, the braided leather reigns of his dun gelding held loosely in his hands as he gazed out at the panoramic view of the lands they called home. Faramir knew all too well that Boromir had not thought to see Gondor again, for surely, it was nothing short of a miracle that he had survived the wounds he had suffered at Amon Hen. Not for the first time, Faramir recalled his utter disbelief --- in fact, the utter disbelief of the entire city --- at seeing his beloved brother again… It had been the morning of Lithe Day, the first of July, nearly a year to the day since he had departed for Rivendell at his father's behest, when Boromir returned to Minas Tirith. Riding from Lórien with the party of the Elven princess, Arwen Undómiel, no one in The White City recognized him until, in the courtyard of the Citadel, he let the hood of his lightweight cloak fall to his shoulders. At that moment, Faramir's shock was beyond overwhelming. ' Valar !' he prayed in silent desperation, ' do not let me be dreaming. ' Grabbing Boromir by the shoulders and dragging him to the ground, Faramir beseeched his brother, "Tell me that I am not gone mad!" Tears tracked down his face, and his voice shuddered with barely controlled emotion. "Long have I been haunted by a cold night in February," he cried out, " I…I saw a boat of Elvish design. It bore your body on the southward current of the Anduin. Since then, not a day has passed that I do not wonder if I had been asleep or awake. Tell me that you are no spectre from a foul nightmare. Tell me, Boromir, that this is not some cruel mischief played upon us by the gods. Tell me, in truth, I beg of you, that you do appear before me now, alive!" Boromir's tears spilled too as he embraced Faramir tightly, swearing to him that he was not mad, and that the brother before him was no spirit. Then, in the same manner that he had soothed Faramir's fears when they were boys, Boromir stood and raised Faramir up with him. With all the self-assuredness he commanded, he smiled. "I am here, little brother." He laughed, through his own tears of joy, and declared, "If the Valar have played a joke, then is it not one we can live with?" Those words seemed to whisper against Faramir's ears as the breeze rose a little stronger over the hilltop. He could not help but share his brother's infectious smile and laughter that day and in the ensuing months since their reunion. Nevertheless, he could also see how much Boromir had changed during his time away. While he was still the same practical commander, the same taskmaster to duty he had always been, he was more introspective than ever before. Faramir was especially surprised to discover that Boromir had taken new interest in certain histories and lore, for which he had only displayed a passing curiosity before --- except, of course, when indulging a little brother's avid fascination. Clearly, Boromir was glad to be home, of that Faramir had no doubt. He was honoured to take up his post as Gondor's Captain-General once more and as such, was proud to serve on Aragorn's council. He was also, now that Denethor was gone, head of the House of Húrin, a status that gave him further rank. And yet, despite his outward contentment, a heavy sorrow lingered within him, a regret and a horror that Faramir knew was linked to the events at Amon Hen. It made Faramir sad beyond words that, despite Frodo's sincere forgiveness, Boromir's heart was burdened with a guilt and shame that haunted him still. Would he ever allow himself to be free of it? Would he, Faramir often wondered, ever truly come home? The sound of trumpets, carried on the wind from miles away, drew Faramir's thoughts in yet another direction. Who would ever have expected that he, and not Boromir, would be Steward of Gondor? Who would ever have expected that he, a second son, would be wed to a princess, especially one whose beauty matched her courage and kindness? A year ago, Faramir would not have dared to dream that his life would take such a course. The echoing of the horns faded into the wind. Faramir's mare gave him another nudge, as if to say he should let such heavy thoughts fade away too. Smiling, he ran his palm under her jaw and gave her a pat, then dropped the reigns to let her graze beside the gelding. Not one to interrupt his brother's thoughts, Faramir sat beside him and gazed at the view. In the distance was Minas Tirith, and on a day such as this, the sons of Denethor II could even see the Pelennor Fields. After the coronation of King Elessar, many of the farmers and herdsman who had taken refuge in the White City during the war, had returned and brought that fertile land back to life. Dotting the gentle, rolling plain, so long deserted until a few months ago, were cottages and livestock sheds. Some were newly built, while others rose from the ruins of those all but destroyed in the war. Stone fences set off rich grazing pastures from cultivated fields. Yet one area stood barren: the scorched patch of earth where the Witch King's foul beast had been slain and its carcass later set ablaze. Nearby another portion of ground lay untouched. Covered in deep green grass and dappled with white symbelmynë that grew throughout the seasons, it marked the burial site of the courageous and loyal steed of Rohan's fallen king, Théoden. Faramir and Boromir could also see the sparkling, silver-blue waters of Anduin the Great curving below them. The river stretched and turned as it meandered southward. Along its shores, at The Harlond, a few ships were moored to the docks. From one, goods and livestock were being unloaded. But it was another vessel that drew the attention of the brothers. Faramir shared Boromir's smile, for they instantly recognized the gilded banner displaying a ship and a silver swan. It swayed and snapped in the breeze high atop the main mast. Imrahil, Prince of Dol Amroth, uncle to Denethor's sons, had arrived with his family. It had been their entrance into the city that the trumpets had heralded. Although Imrahil had been no stranger to Minas Tirith these many months past, this was the first such visit his family would be making there since Aragorn had been crowned King. They would remain in residence, in a private house on the sixth circle of the city, until after the turn of the year; the celebration of Yestarë would be the first Boromir and Faramir would spend with their uncle and cousins in a long time. "It will be good to see them again," Faramir quietly remarked. This was a peaceful day, one like neither brother had enjoyed since before Faramir's assignment as Captain of the Rangers in Ithilien years before; even then, such happy moments were clouded by the knowledge that either of them could fall in battle, or even more horrible, be taken prisoner by Orcs --- a fate, by far, worse than death. Boromir bowed his head briefly. Without doubt, he was glad at heart for the peace that had been so long in coming to Gondor, yet, his pleasure was tempered by remembrance of the many --- his father included--- who had not lived to see it. "It is good, indeed, to be alive," he said respectfully. "Let us pray that peace will be long-lasting." "Aye." Both men knew well that Aragorn's brilliant negotiations with the Harad and the Easterlings had opened an avenue for trade and goodwill between Gondor and her former enemies. Relations, though fragile, were fairly amicable and optimistic, yet none were so naïve as to forget that, should any friction arise along the borders, such a fledgling peace would crumble like stale bread to the misfortune of all. "Pray too," Faramir added in quiet introspection, "that such Evil as Sauron created will never be forged again." An unsettling shiver crawled up Boromir's spine. He cast a poignant expression toward his brother and then quickly turned his head away, as if in doing so he could drive away the memory of the Ring. For weeks during his journey from Rivendell it had preyed on him sadistically, whispered false promises in his mind, enticed him with his most precious dreams of a homeland that was green and alive and, above all, free. At first, he resisted its temptations, knowing they were false, but like a fiend, it fed greedily on his love and loyalty for his people and country. But no matter how hard he fought, the Ring chiselled away at him, bit by bit, until finally the last of Boromir's strained defences succumbed entirely. And in that ghastly moment, in its vile, hungry need to use him as a means to return to its maker, the Ring had caused Boromir to do the unthinkable: attack an innocent and a friend. Before he could stop it, the memory of that horrific and devastating day at Amon Hen rose like bitter bile in Boromir's throat. Icy fingers wrenched his breath away and clamped upon his heart. The wounds he'd suffered from Orc arrows, though healed for months now, flared anew with terrible aching. Overcome with sickness in body and in soul, Boromir reeled. One hand braced on the ground, the other covered his eyes as the nightmarish memory overtook him. "Frodo! I'm sorry!" Another cold shiver rattled him and he collapsed to curl on one side. He could not vanquish the haunting memory of his shameless desire, twisted with hatred and greed as he had grabbed for Frodo that horrible day. He would have killed the Hobbit to gain possession of the Ring,