A baby's wail replaced a woman's moans: Brego son of Eorl the Young had been blessed with a son. Rejoicing filled the night as the new prince cried lustily. But one midwife, a woman blessed – or perhaps cursed – with foresight, looked down at the bloody babe in her arms, shook her head mournfully and murmured, "He shall never be king." The hushed words nearly passed unheeded in the celebration, but Brego stood nearby, and he heard. He fixed a piercing gaze on her. "What did you say about my son?" "He shall never be king," she repeated sadly. "Unless he is kept away from gold." "Gold? What gold?" "That I cannot see," she replied. "All I know is gold shall be his bane." The king snatched his child away and ordered the woman to leave his presence. Nevertheless, all present felt the room's new air of foreboding, and silence fell over the celebration of the birth of Baldor son of Brego. As Baldor grew into a tall, fair, blue-eyed young man, the midwife's words were gradually forgotten; only his mother still recalled that night with real fear. But even she sometimes dismissed the memory as she smiled proudly on her son. He was handsome, and, like his people, a great lover of horses and warfare. Despite his impetuous nature, he was well liked, for he was open and honest and possessed a quick, easy laugh. Though not always known as the Hapless, even in his youth Baldor was impulsive and wayward, ever dragging his younger, more serious brother Aldor into danger and trouble. His tutors scolded, his mother wept, his father lectured, but nothing anyone said or did persuaded Baldor to change his ways. When Baldor was eighteen, just coming to manhood, a traveler stopped and requested shelter for the night; it was readily granted and in return he promised to entertain them with a tale. This traveler's name was Freca, and he came for revenge. Perhaps it is no coincidence that he shared the name of the man whose son later led the Dunlendings in an invasion of Rohan; indeed it is said they were distant kin. Eight years before, when Baldor traveled through the region of the Mark where Freca dwelt, Freca made an imprudent, though true, boast that none had ever beaten him in a horse race. Even then Baldor could not to resist a challenge, and the two raced, Baldor besting Freca by half a length. Freca, furious at losing his reputation to a mere child, never forgot that day and vowed to have revenge on the prince. In the presence of the royal family, however, he showed none of this, and Baldor, who had nearly forgotten the incident, did not recognize him. That evening, all gathered to hear Freca's tale; it had been some time since a bard had visited to entertain them. Freca spoke of the treasure cursed by the Dwarf-Lord of Nogrod; the story is given here in brief that what follows may be better understood. Much is told of Thingol of the Elves and his kingship in Doriath in the days when Morgoth abode still in the world. At that time magic webs woven about the land by Thingol's wife Melian protected Doriath; for she was no Elf but a Maia of Valinor, and she was the mother of Lúthien Tinúviel. It happened in those days that Thingol quarreled with the Dwarves over ownership of the Nauglamir, Necklace of the Dwarves, fairest of the works of that people, after he let them re-make it to include the Silmaril Beren One-hand obtained for him as the bride price for his daughter. This was the end of Thingol's reign, for the Dwarves in their rage slew him in his own halls and fled with the Nauglamir. The Dwarves were pursued and destroyed and the Nauglamir returned to Melian; however, two Dwarves escaped and brought tidings to their kindred, who, their wrath aroused, gathered their warriors to march against Doriath. In her grief, Melian departed from the world, returning to the land of the Valar and leaving Doriath vulnerable as it had never been before. Thus were the Dwarves victorious over the Elves. They plundered Thingol's dwelling and took not only the Nauglamir but also much of the dead king's treasure. Word of these things came quickly to Beren and Lúthien where they dwelt in Ossiriand. Beren therefore summoned Dior his son and many of the Green-elves of that region and they ambushed the Dwarves at the River Ascar. The Elves were now the victors and Beren himself slew the Lord of the Dwarf city of Nogrod, taking from him the Nauglamir. As he died, the Dwarf-Lord in bitterness laid a curse on all the treasure he and his people had plundered from Doriath. That treasure was then cast into the River Ascar, which was from that time on known as Rathlóriel, or Goldenbed; but the Nauglamir Beren cleansed of blood in the clear waters of the river and bore it home and set it around the fair neck of Lúthien his wife. Now it happened that as Beren and the Green-elves drowned the treasure of Doriath in the river, they were not as meticulous as they should have been, and a small remnant lay neglected on the shore. This fell into the hands of a rugged, unlearned band of Men who wondered in those lands. Because of the curse laid on it by the Lord of Nogrod, that treasure bred wars and bickering among its possessors, even those who had formerly counted themselves friends. In this way it passed through the long years. In the Second Age, after Morgoth had been overthrown and Sauron his servant began to grow in might, the treasure came to rest in the ownership of the king of the Men of the Mountains who worshiped Sauron in the Dark Years. In those days Isildur came to Middle Earth from Numenor and befriended the King of the Mountains. Isildur brought from his former home a large black stone. It was round like a child's ball but it stood as tall as a man. Isildur caused it to be half buried in the Hill of Erech and on it, in the beginning of the kingdom of Gondor, the King of the Mountains swore fealty to Isildur. When Isildur called upon the Men of the Mountains to fulfill their oath and join him in fighting Sauron, out of mingled fear and love of the Dark Lord they refused. Filled with wrath, Isildur said to the King, "You shall be the last king. And I lay this curse upon your people: until your oath is fulfilled, you shall never rest. You shall be needed before the defeat of the Dark Lord." Intimidated by Isildur's fury, the mountain men cowered in the hills and went not to war at all. The years passed, the people dwindled. When the king died, he and his treasure were buried in a chamber under the mountain that came to be known as the Dwimorberg, or in Common Speech, the Haunted Mountain. For though they died, the Men of the Mountains rested not. Everywhere that people had once tarried the fear of the Sleepless Dead hung. All listened intently to Freca but none more so then Baldor. He felt the Dwarves' anger, Melian's grief, the passion of those who possessed the cursed gold, Isildur's wrath, the fear of the Men of the Mountains. Baldor fell asleep that night with his mind full of Elves and necklaces and mighty kings. The next day as Baldor walked through the halls of his home, he turned a corner and met Freca, who was deep in thought. The older man looked up and smiled pleasantly. "Prince Baldor! You are the person I was looking for; I wish to speak with you." "You wish to speak to me ?" Baldor asked, startled. "Yes, I do. Is there somewhere private we could go?" "Not here, no," Baldor replied, "but if you care for a ride I know of a place." "That would do well." The mention of riding brought the disastrous race to Freca's mind, and he seethed inwardly as he and Baldor made their way to the stables, recalling that day and the humiliation he had felt at being beaten at all, much less by one of so few years. Freca followed Baldor up into the mountains for a long time. As they drew closer to the Dwimorburg, Freca became more agitated with every step his horse took. He found himself continually looking over his shoulder, certain some unseen observer watched the two riders. Baldor finally stopped in a fertile glen; its entrance was nearly invisible and Freca had thought the young prince would ride into the mountainside, but when he looked closer he spotted a narrow path winding down into a small, isolated valley. "We are safe here," Baldor told Freca. "No one else dares come this close to the Dwimorburg." "That I understand," said Freca, glancing around nervously. Baldor was suddenly concerned. "I am sorry; I did not think," he said. "Do you want to go further back?" "No, I will be all right. It does not bother you?" Baldor shook his head and shrugged. "No. If I go closer it begins to disquiet me, but here I am fine." Freca swallowed hard and thought, It seems I have chosen my revenge well, hard though it may be for me . "Why did you wish to speak with me?" Baldor asked, interrupting Freca's thoughts, Endeavoring to shake off his fear, Freca replied, "You were moved by my story last night, were you not?" Baldor's face brightened. "Immensely. It seemed very real." "Perhaps that is because it is a true story. There is a little more of the tale I wish to share with you. It has been a family secret for years, but as I have no son of my own, I have searched for some time for a trustworthy young man to share it with. I have decided that you will be that young man." Ignoring Baldor's exclamation of surprise, Freca continued. "My forefather was one of the Men of the Mountains who defied Isildur. He assisted with the burial of the king and his treasure, and he stole this." Freca reached into a pocket, pulled out a ring, and offered it to Baldor. Baldor took it hesitantly and stared at it with wide eyes. "He stole it?" "Yes. It is so small that the theft was probably quite simple; all he needed to do was slip it in some pocket." Baldor turned the ring over in his hands, examining it. The band was fashioned of fine silver and set with three gems. Two were diamonds, but the middle jewel was a red stone he did not recognize. It was larger than the diamonds and was the color of blood; veins of an even deeper red ran through its depths. "Try it on," Freca urged. Baldor needed little encouragement and found that the ring fit easily on the third finger of his right hand, almost as if it had been made for him. Freca nodded in satisfaction. "This was meant to be. You see it fits you; it has never fitted anyone in my family. It would have been made, after all, for an Elf, and Men tend to have larger hands." Baldor looked at his hands. Although they were strong and capable, it was true that he had long slender fingers. "I am giving it to you," Freca said. Baldor's head shot up, and he eyed the other man suspiciously. "You must be insane; I cannot take this." For a moment a common sense Baldor did not know he possessed ruled his thoughts. It would be foolish to take such a gift; he hardly knew this man, and Freca knew the ring had been stolen from cursed treasure. How could there be good intentions behind such a gesture?