Wild Heart Summary: "She is reminiscent of times long gone, an era where the mind ran free and the heart was wild. With skin the color of gold and locks the color of night, the goddess breezes through life without a care in the world other than the ones she loves. She is Katniss Everdeen, the steel-eyed tempest that just might turn this world upside down." Pairing: Initially Katniss x Gale, but eventually becomes Katniss x Finnick. Setting: Slight AU The story will move between District Twelve and the Capitol in the early chapters, but will subsequently move between the Capitol and District Thirteen in later chapters. We are still in Panem, but in a much more democratic incarnation. There are Hunger Games, but they have taken the form of competitive tournaments that will become increasingly important as the story progresses. Disclaimer: I own nothing. ∞ K&F∞ Chapter 00 To you and your wild heart… (Katniss' POV) The frigid wind tears at my face, whipping viciously at the exposed skin as it courses angrily through the many towers of steel and glass. My hands clutch desperately at the delicate package in my arms, the thick woolen overcoat protecting her from the bitter onslaught. This place is foreign to us, an unfortunate destination thrown upon us by the whims of absolution. Death is inevitable, as we have had to experience twice over. We both honestly could have lived without having to watch both our mother and father lowered into the cold, frozen earth at such early ages. Withholding the bitter sigh threatening to escape my lips, I press forward determinedly. The streets are completely deserted, as was the train station before. If this were any of the districts, I would be extremely concerned, possibly escorting my precious charge with my weapon drawn. These selfish pigs are more than likely partaking in some form of ridiculous frivolity. I have no love for those of the Capitol, the pompous asses encompassing our governing body more worried about themselves than the citizens of Panem… A gentle stirring upon my chest pulls my gaze downward. A beautiful crown of golden curls glows ethereally, an air of purity and innocence notwithstanding. She is the only reason I have journeyed to this place, this warren of vipers no better than the ruthless leaders of yore. My arms tighten around her small frame, the desire to protect her from this vile metropolis' influence coursing through my veins. I silently remind myself that this is only a brief respite, a temporary home for the time being… A flash of pink grabs my attention. Without a second thought or glance, I sprint off towards the gilded entrance through which she disappeared. Tiny arms tighten around my torso as my speed increases, the hurried pounding of my boot-clad feet jostling her from an already tormented slumber. I take the stairs two to three at a time when I arrive at the entrance, softening the stress of my movements upon my dearest Prim. My heart constricts as I hear her release a fevered sigh. I choose to ignore the expensive complexity of the revolving door in favor of a simpler one off to the left. With brisk, even steps, I make my way through the lengthy hallway leading to the lobby. My hunter's intuition kicks in, reaching out for any trace of the brightly-hued woman that I aim to visit with. As well, my eyes search for any sign of danger. I am a stranger in a land I have never known, and it would be foolish not to remember that. As I approach the desk, the blue-haired male behind it looks up at me curiously… "How may I help you?" he asks awkwardly, openly and blatantly checking me out. I am more than certain they have seen citizens of the modest little districts before, just maybe not in person… "I need to see Effie Trinket," I state bluntly. I have no time for luxuries such as idle conversation. He can ogle me another time. "Do you have an appointment?" he asks. I laugh bitterly before leveling him with a rather condescending glare… "What do you think. Look, which way did she go? I do not have time to sit around and wait. This is urgent," I bite harshly. My eyes sweep the room repeatedly, looking for any sign as to where she could have gone. My chatty little companion fumbles his way to his feet as I begin circling his desk. "M-m-ma'am, I…I need you to…" I whirl around, grey eyes stormy with barely contained rage. "I do not give a flying fuck what you need me to do! I can find her on my own!" I bark before drawing Prim closer to my chest and heading off down the left hallway. Hope begins to blossom in my chest as I catch a whiff of her telltale perfume. The sound of hurried steps behind me stops me in my tracks, as does the sound of many more coming from several different directions. I sigh, not wanting a fight. I toss a quick glare at the young man quivering behind the desk before darting off down the hall. I focus on the lingering floral trail, letting my feet take me where I need to go. I rush through the winding paths blindly, numb but for my instincts. The sound of many men shouting increases the speed of my flight. As I round a particularly sharp corner, my eyes widen… "Effie!" I gasp. She frowns deeply at first before her eyes alight with recognition. "Ms. Everdeen!" she whispers in awe. I swiftly remove my coat, revealing my ailing little sister to her. Quickly closing the distance between us, I stare directly into the clear blue eyes of the pink-clad woman. "I know you are probably wondering how and why the hell I am here right now. Trust me, I have asked myself the same damn thing ever since I left home. I have broken just about every fucking law to get here, and am more than likely about to break even more." She goes to say something, but my pursuers have decided to finally arrive. I quickly place a delicate kiss on Prim's fair head and pass her over to Trinket. Without missing a beat, I withdraw the bow and quiver from within my coat and notch my first arrow. The guards, the pristinely-armored Peacekeeper Corps, have their guns and batons drawn, ready to descend upon me. I count about thirty or so, knowing that about half of them would fall before they got close enough to be of any danger to me. I have fought and survived against Capitol-bred muttations all while growing up, so these guys are of no consequence… "Put down your weapon!" one of them calls. I immediately recognize his voice…and the smug tone to his foolish command. "Come for round two, I see, Romulus," I call disgustedly. His smirk quickly becomes a frown as he purposefully aims his gun towards me…towards my heart… "Take her down!" he calls to his men, only to be stopped by Effie. She glances over at me, amusement swimming in her cerulean gaze. "What is your intent, Katniss, my dear?" she asks curiously, a small smile of wonder set upon her heavily powdered face. I stare at Thread pointedly as I speak… "I volunteer." The room grows quiet at that, all eyes upon myself and Effie. It is very rare that these two words are spoken by anyone, especially given what he or she is volunteering for. I have gone over this a million times in my head, and each time, I accept and embrace my fate. Looking at Prim's lovely little face, I grasp this fate wholeheartedly… "Bullshit! Fire…" Thread roars, but is stopped as the staccato of six-inch heels reverberates throughout the corridor. The resounding slap draws a smile to my face. "You are done here, Commander Thread. She is officially property of the Capitol of Panem now, so I would tread carefully if I were you. At ease, gentlemen," she calls nonchalantly, eyes sweeping the room dismissively. All arms are dropped instantly, the troop dispersing immediately. Thread growls deep within his chest… "This is far from over, Everdeen," he barks before storming off in a fit of rage. I shrug noncommittally before shifting my gaze to Trinket. "Let us get her somewhere that she can rest," I offer gently. The rose-haired woman nods quickly before turning and moving forward briskly. I gather my coat and follow… ∞K&F∞ The room is completely silent but for the constant scratching of Effie's pen upon my paperwork. I idly cross my jean-clad legs, picking with a few random strands dangling from my tanktop. For the umpteen millionth time, I close my eyes, willing away the impulse to rush down the hallway and into the Medical Center where Prim is currently resting. They are treating her for pneumonia, an illness that is lethal to most children her age. Prim is not your average kid, though. We have survived alone since our parents' deaths, barely getting by but surviving nonetheless. Growing up, I had always heard of the Hunger Games, even watched a few of them with my father. They are violent tournaments that test one's will to live, either alone or against another opponent. They were initially utilized as sources of punishment for those who would threaten the eternal peacetime brought on by President Snow. However, the people of this wonderful little Hellhole have decided that they make quite the bit of entertainment, so yeah. Why watch the news when you can watch someone torn to shreds by Capitol-bred mutts?! "Would you like something to eat and/or drink, Katniss? Your journey must have been most arduous!" pipes my guardian-of-sorts. I just shake my head, offering her a small smile of appreciation. She beams brightly before returning back to chicken-scratching. Each year, there are four tournaments held. For each one, district citizens are reaped from a communal pool, only the Capitol excluded. One can refuse to enter the chosen Coliseum, but they are forever marked with shame, the backs of all of Panem turned upon them until Death takes them from this world. It is a most cruel fate, which is why most accept, albeit bitterly. Not all of the Games are combative in nature, each one unique from any other past, present, or future. This is meant to keep the participants, Tributes, from having any type of advantage. This is entertainment, after all. Victors are initiated into the lavish lifestyle afforded only to those of the Capitol, riches and luxuries that not even Districts One through Four can ever claim to have experienced. I have no desire to live this ridiculous type of existence; rather, I want Prim to finally know what it is like to actually enjoy life. After she began to turn ill, I knew that I had to do something. Illegal poaching and random healing was not cutting it. Thus, my stealing away into the night to come here. The next reaping is not until next month, and I know for a fact that Prim would not have made it that long. Therefore, I decided to expedite the process a bit…a lot. "I am not going to be arrested or anything, am I? I mean, I can understand if I must, but I would rather like to avoid that, if at all possible." Effie chuckles lightly. "In all honesty, you should have been executed on the spot, just as Romulus desired. However, because you ventured here with the sole purpose of taking part in our beloved Hunger Games, you are granted indefinite immunity. Just do not…take it for granted, please." I nod slowly, fighting down the vivid blush of embarrassment threatening to reveal itself. Effie Trinket has been the face of the Games for as long as I can remember, the sole representative dispensed to the many districts for all reapings and