A/N: Here is Apollo and Addie's wedding night! Just keep in mind that it does get sexy, but I keep it classy, you know how I roll ;) This goes after Chapter 13 in Tempting Fate. I'm actually extremely proud of this. I began writing, but I realized around 1500 words in, that it wasn't quite right, and this...this is perfect for them. Enjoy :) -Addie- I reached once again for the fabric around my eyes, but Apollo grabbed my hand before I could get a peek. We had just left the wedding. Everyone else was still partying, but when Apollo asked me if I was ready to go, I didn't hesitate. We vanished, only to reappear in my apartment. He said it was to grab our stuff, but then he then tied a blindfold around my head so I couldn't see. "Come on, Apollo. I'm in a wedding dress. I need to see where I am walking." Apollo's arm hit behind my knees, and I let out a huff as he picked me up in his arms. I grabbed on to his shoulders, trying to steady myself. "See, now it's not a problem. I just have to transport us over there. Think of it as part of crossing the threshold!" "And what about our stuff?" "Already there, darling," he breathed as he brushed his lips across my temple. "Hang on tight." He held me close, and the familiar feeling of weightlessness came over me. I still couldn't see anything, but the first thing that hit me was bitter cold. I snuggled into Apollo, who wrapped his arms tighter around me. Thank the gods he was so hot natured. Soft crunch sounds drifted up as his feet walked on the ground. "Is that snow?" I cried. My teeth were chattering loudly. "It might be," Apollo replied as he shifted me in his arms. "Apollo, you could've told me. Then I could've dressed properly. You could've put me in a jacket!" I groaned. I HATED the cold. Well, not completely. I loved snow and being around it….as long as it was short periods in which I was properly clothed. I heard the twist of a knob, and a gust of warm air enveloped us. "I know you hate the cold, which is why you won't be going out in it," he replied as he shut the door behind us. "At least not for a while," he added seductively. Apollo set me down, my feet hitting something soft. I still held on to his shoulders. I heard the faint click of a lock, along with the pulse of a magical one. Something smelled amazing . The soft crackle of a fire sputtered in the room, the smell of burning wood mixing in with the soft notes of pine and a hint of cinnamon and apple. I reached up to remove my blindfold, but Apollo's hand caught mine once again. "Let me," he whispered gently in my ear. My hands tangled in his shirt as he kissed my neck, softly sucking and teased the skin there. I arched up against him, my insides shivering with need. He chuckled lightly and took my hands, pulling me slowly through the room. We stopped. Apollo moved so he was standing behind me, one of his hands lightly resting against my waist. The other untied the blindfold. Once he removed it, I slowly opened my eyes. It was beautiful. It was an old cabin, rustic but with every modern convenience. It was a single floor, completely open like a studio apartment. The only light in the room came from the candles lit all over the place, along with a raging fire. On the island in the kitchen, there was a bottle of champagne on ice, two glasses, and a tray of chocolates and fruits. Not too far from the fire sat a large bed. I walked over to it, running my hand softly over the sheets. On the other side of the bed, a window was perfectly perched to see the scenery. My breath fogged up the glass as I took it all in. We were in the mountains, I wasn't sure where, but snow covered everything. The night was clear and perfect, with moonlight that shimmered bright, casting everything in a beautiful silver glow (which I' sure was Artemis's doing). Frost covered the windows, the patterns gently swirling and weaving over the glass. I had to say, that view should've been on a Christmas card. It was so different from where we normally went, what we normally did together, and it screamed only one thing to me: Apollo wanted this night to be special. He wanted me to remember it, and I loved him for it. "Do you like it?" he murmured into my ear as his hands wrapped around my waist. I turned in his embrace, meeting his lips with a swift, soft touch. "I more than like it," I replied. I could tell the room had been rearranged slightly, and I wondered why the bed had been moved. It just seemed a little out of flow, and Apollo was all about the flow. "Apollo, why'd you move the bed?" He looked a little amused. He brushed my cheek with his hand, sending a surge of heat through my body. How did he do that with one simple touch? "Because I know you get cold at night. I figured if we were closer to the fire, then it wouldn't bother you-" I didn't let him finish. I raised myself up on my toes in an attempt to match his height. He leaned down slightly, making it easier for me to kiss him. Kissing him, kissing my husband, was something I could never get used to. Imagine falling, but it's past the point where you are scared. It's to the point where it feels like you are flying, like nothing can stop you. You see the world for what it is, all its flaws and imperfections, but you have found the simple joy in what it means to be free. It's the feeling an artist gets when they've found their muse, the moment of exhilaration right before you do something completely crazy. It's the sweetest fruit, the most delectable dessert. It's everything you ever wanted, even what you never knew to ask for. That's what it felt like kissing him. "Aren't you hungry? You didn't eat anything at the wedding," he worried in between kisses. "Apollo, stop." "I don't need anything, and I don't want you to hold out for me," he continued. "Apollo," I huffed as I pulled away from him slightly. "The only thing I want right now is you . I appreciate the thought, but right now, you don't have to be the perfect gentleman." He raised his eyebrows slightly, an adorably seductive smirk appearing on his lips. It sent chills of anticipation all over my body, making me ache for more. I wanted his shirt gone, to feel his skin against mine. "And what, my darling wife, do you want from me?" he replied huskily. His hands traveled up my back, teasing the zipper there. I opened my mouth, but the words were stuck in my throat. What I wanted was to be completely wrapped in him. I wanted a god, my husband, to worship my body, to drive it crazy. But I didn't say things like that out loud. Hades, I've never even worn lingerie until tonight! His lips traveled to mine, his hands cradling me to him. Gods, he was such a tease. I hated him and loved him for it. "You have to tell me, Addie. Tonight, it is your night. Tonight, I'm going to show you how much I love you, how much I desire you. But you have to say it, darling," he finished as he tilted my chin up to meet my gaze. My cheeks were flushed, my breaths coming in short bursts. Apollo's eyes looked so warm and seductive in the soft glow of the fire and candlelight. They looked so assuring. "Tell me what you want." With him, I never had to be scared. He was my dream. I pulled my hands to his chest, carefully beginning to undo his tie. "I..I want to show you the same t-things," I stuttered, my confidence growing with every word. "I want you to take me, to ravage me, to make me moan your name. I want to feel it all, again and again." I moved to his buttons after throwing the tie on the floor. "And I don't want to stop. I want to go until I'm incapable. I want to taste every inch of you, to have you exhausted and completely satisfied." Finally, Apollo grabbed my hands, holding them near his chest. I'd managed to get his shirt unbuttoned, but it wasn't completely off. His magnificent chest peaked through the gap in his shirt. Apollo's chest rose rapidly from his breathing, and I could feel his abdomen muscles tense against my own, not to mention other things that were quite distracting. "One problem with that," he purred as he placed a quick kiss on my palm. "I'm never going to be exhausted of you. I'm never going to be completely satisfied, because I can never have enough of you. But if you want, we can try." He turned me so my back was to his front. He began slowly easing down my zipper, and my hands gripped the edge of the table under the window to keep me from falling over. He followed the zipper's progress, kissing me through the sheer lace and satin of the corset I had on underneath. I looked into the glass, where my reflection stared back at me. I looked so wild, so desperate. "Without you," he continued, "I am a fish without water, a drunkard without his wine. I'm as lost as Orpheus. I would find no pleasure, no light, without you by my side. I am Midas, and you are my gold. I crave you." He was at my waist now. "Need you." The dress fell down in a pool at my feet, his hands running down the lace topped stockings I wore. I closed my eyes, trying to absorb all these feelings. At the moment, I didn't mind the chill from the window. It was actually doing wonders for my heated skin. "I want you more than anything in this world." Apollo turned me around slowly, and a blush erupted on my cheeks. I leaned against the table, my arms supporting my weight. Like I said, I'd never worn lingerie before, and I wanted Apollo to like it. There was something incredibly vindicating about knowing that your lover appreciated your body as well as your mind. Aphrodite helped me pick it out. It was a traditional lace and satin corset, with the garter belt and clips that help up the stockings. It had some suggestive cutouts, and my skin peaked through the lace. It was a soft pink color, almost a warm blush. "Holy Tartarus," he breathed. I couldn't look at him. It was so different from what I normally wore. "I- um…gods, I know this is different-" "Addie, shh." He bent down and removed my dress from around my feet. He then took a few steps back. I realized his shirt was off now because it was thrown haphazardly over my dress. I stared at the floor in front of his feet, the blush in my cheeks getting deeper and deeper by the minute. "Good gods, you are smoking hot." I looked up, my eyes wide. Apollo stood a few feet away from me, his eyes drinking me in. His grin was absolutely infectious and igniting at the same time. "You like it?" I asked. "Like it? Addie, I'd have you walk around like that all the time if I could, but then I'd have to keep both the men and women off you. You'd cause