Author's Note: Hello one and all. For those of you who read or have read my other stories yes I am starting a new one. No I haven't abandoned the others but a Harry/Fleur story has been in my mind for some time now. This story will most likely be updated quite slowly at least until one of my other stories is completely finished but I do have plans to finish it. It will be the first in four or possibly five stories about Harry and Fleur, beginning in Harry's fourth year and going at least to his seventh year, possibly beyond depending on how my inspiration strikes me. For now it's rated T but eventually will be moved up to M. So without further ado I present to you Feathers and Flesh. Intro (End of the Road) Harry Potter sat in his bed at the Burrow, fully clothed and waiting for the sun to come up. He had been awake for nearly a half hour but had just finished preparing for the day a few minutes prior. Though he was excited for the upcoming final match in the Quidditch World Cup it wasn't what roused him from his sleep. The teen had a dream with Peter Pettigrew and a man he didn't know talking with who could only be Lord Voldemort before killing an innocent and defenseless Muggle. The dream greatly troubled the Boy-Who-Lived but there was little he could do about it besides tell Professor Dumbledore. A sudden knock on the door interrupted his thoughts and before he could utter so much as a single syllable, it swung open revealing his best friend Hermione Granger. "Ha-oh." The bushy-haired brunette clearly hadn't expected him to be awake yet. "Er, how long have you been up?" "About a half hour." "Oh, well Mr. Weasley wants to leave soon. Are you alright?" She could tell just by looking at him that something was troubling him. "Not really but I'll tell you about it later. We don't have time right now. Have you had breakfast yet?" Hermione shook her head. "Go eat and I'll wake Ron." The girl agreed and walked out of the room, leaving Harry to rouse their sleeping friend from his slumber. "Oi Ron, it's time to wake up mate," Harry yelled across the room, climbing out of his bed as he did so. His words had little effect on the redhead. "Just five more minutes Harry." "Your dad wants to leave soon." Ron's response this time was to simply roll over, not even bothering to answer. "Krum's gonna be there." The mention of Viktor Krum was apparently the magic word; Ron shot up and was ready to leave in fifteen minutes, his clothes haphazardly thrown into his bag. Harry chuckled at his friend as the redhead walked out of the room and followed with his own bag slung over his shoulder. They walked into the kitchen to find breakfast waiting for them and both began eating. "Morning Mr. Weasley, Mrs. Weasley," Harry was polite enough to say. The elder Weasleys paused long enough to return the greeting, Mrs. Weasley sparing her son a glare before returning to her cooking. "So when are we leaving Dad?" Ron asked between bites. Hermione scowled at him, causing Harry to smirk. "As soon as we can m'boy," Mr. Weasley responded. "We're meeting up with Amos and Cedric Diggory and then taking a Portkey to the Tournament." "What's a Portkey?" Harry asked. "Magical transportation device. It can be rough if you've never used one before. Word to the wise: act like you never stopped walking." Harry gave the older Wizard a quizzical look. "When the time comes you'll know." Harry shrugged and nodded, deterred from asking further questions by the arrival of Ginny and the twins. Bill and Charlie soon followed and less than a half hour later they were on their way, the sky still a pinkish hue as the sun rose. The group had only been walking for about ten minutes when they were greeted by the Diggorys. "Good morning Amos," Arthur said, shaking the man's hand. "Ah morning Arthur. You're earlier than I expected. The Portkey's right over that hill but we should still have plenty of time." Mr. Weasley nodded and the two men began talking about the recent changes in the Ministry. Harry and the twins meanwhile were talking with Cedric. Harry didn't know the seventh year very well but they were both Seekers and got along quite well. "Hoping to get some tips on playing Seeker Harry?" Cedric queried, a grin on his face. The twins guffawed at the question. "I think you're the one who needs them mate," Harry responded without pause. "If I recall I was the one who almost had the Snitch before those damn Dementors came onto the pitch." The mood sobered for just a minute until Harry chuckled, immediately easing the tension. "I think it's about time we got going," Mr. Diggory suddenly called. "Arthur why don't you take the lead." "Yes follow me everyone," Mr. Weasley responded, walking in the indicated direction. Mr. Diggory stepped to the side, allowing the youngsters to pass. Harry was the last one to walk by him. "Harry Potter!" the older man exclaimed as he grasped Harry's hand. "A pleasure to meet you lad." "A pleasure to meet you too sir," Harry replied as Mr. Diggory clapped him on the back with a warm chuckle. The two talked as they walked behind the others and Harry found that, while he was somewhat overbearing, he liked the elder Diggory just as much as he did Cedric. "It's just up there!" Mr. Diggory suddenly called out as Ginny started running up the hill. Harry too quickened his pace, anxious to see what a Portkey was. The disappointment was visible on his face when all he saw was an old boot. "Er, what's that?" he asked aloud. "That's our Portkey mate," Fred responded. Harry looked at him in surprise. "Okay so what am I supposed to do with it?" "Touch it." This time it was George who answered. "Touch it?" Harry had a look of disbelief on his face, causing the twins to smirk. "Touch it." Harry reached out and put a finger on the boot, noticing the others doing the same thing. It made him feel better knowing this wasn't a prank by the twins. "Everyone ready?" Mr. Weasley asked. "Right then, here we go in three...two...one." Harry felt a jerk behind his navel and suddenly the ground disappeared. The world was rapidly spinning around him and Harry was trying his best to keep his eyes pointed in front of him. "Alright kids, let go!" "What?" Before anyone could answer Hermione's incredulous question she flew backwards and was flailing through the air almost comically. Harry felt himself pulled away from the Portkey as well and immediately was reminded of falling from his broom the previous year. Remembering Mr. Weasley's earlier words, Harry started moving his legs and found himself upright and falling much slower. The ground suddenly appeared and while everyone else slammed into the earth, Harry continued his comfortably slow decent. He landed just before Bill, Charlie, Mr. Weasley, and the Diggorys. "Why didn't you land on your arse?" Ron asked, taking the hand Harry offered him. "Act like you never stopped walking," Harry responded, repeating Mr. Weasley's words as he helped the redhead to his feet. The group moved off to find their campsite, Cedric and Mr. Diggory soon breaking off to go their own way, amazed at the festivities around them. It seemed that everyone had come out to watch the finals of the Quidditch World Cup and with the varying cultures came many strange, exotic, and wonderful things for the teens. They had no time to explore at the moment however as they tried not to get lost following Mr. Weasley. It took nearly twenty minutes for them to find their designated area and another ten to set up the tents (they were doing it all without magic). With the tents set up, Harry was sent to fetch water with Hermione and Ron while the rest set up everything else. He saw a few of his classmates and even his former Quidditch captain Oliver Wood but the trip was otherwise uneventful. His return to the tent saw Mr. Weasley comically struggling to light a fight with matches; Hermione immediately took pity on the man and showed him what to do. Realizing that there was nothing else for him to do at the moment, Harry went into the tent, pulled out his sleeping bag, and fell asleep in a matter of minutes. Harry awoke several hours later, all the exhaustion seemingly having vanished from his body. He lay in his sleeping bag for several minutes contemplating his dream earlier while he had a moment of privacy. It had only been a dream but it felt too realistic to ignore. There was something about it that made the teen believe there was at least some possibility that it had actually happened and he knew he needed to tell Professor Dumbledore as soon as he could. Today was no good of course, he didn't even have access to Hedwig, but he would definitely let the older man know when he returned to the Burrow. The sudden sound of voices broke the teen out of his thoughts. One was the unmistakable voice of Mr. Weasley and the other was a voice that Harry had only heard a few times but that he would recognize almost anywhere. Without pause he struggled out of his sleeping bag and bounded into the kitchen. "I've been working on it the past few weeks. It's almost finished now." "So how much longer will it be before it's ready?" "Oh it's ready now Arthur it's just not quite finished. There's not much left to do really." "Sirius!" Sirius Black was cut off by Harry's cry of surprise and the teen rushed up his godfather, nearly knocking the older man over with the hug he gave him. "Hey kid," Sirius responded hugging Harry back. After the events of just a few months ago Dumbledore had shown Minister Fudge the memories of Harry, Hermione, and Ron, which had been enough to cast doubt on Sirius' guilt. The Minister had grudgingly released a statement just a few days later announcing that Sirius would be given a fair trial if he would turn himself in. Sirius came to the Ministry the same day the announcement was made and, under the influence of Veritaserum, relayed everything that had led up to the Potters' deaths and his arrest. Less than twenty-four hours later, Sirius Black was named a free man. He and Harry had written to each other every day since then but Sirius hadn't told the teen when they would see each other again or where he was staying. "Why didn't you tell me you were gonna be here?" Harry asked as he pulled away. "And ruin the surprise? You should know better than that." "Well where are you staying now?" "I'm living in my ancestral home, the Ancient and Most Noble House of Black." Sirius said the last part with unhidden contempt. "I can't tell you exactly where it is right now, for reasons I'll explain later, but I thought I'd take you after we leave here. You can stay as long as you want." "So you mean I can live with you?" Harry clarified. "I never have to go back to the Dursleys?" "Yes Dumbledore agreed that now that I'm free it's the best place for you." The wide smile that had engulfed Harry's face faltered when Ron and Hermione walked into the tent. "What about Ron and Hermione?" "They'd be welcome to come over whenever they want of course. Remus is also living with me if that makes any difference." Harry's smile returned and he wasted no time in sharing the news with his two best