A/N: Hey guys I came up with inspiration for this a while ago- I hope you love it. It's a repost because I didn't really edit that one. Or explain that the characters are a little OOC 'cause I changed there ages to make it convenient to my plot. Disclaimer: While Twilight may teach you that love bites- I don't own the rigths to it. Narrator POV: Sophie Welch, was dumbest smart person you'll ever meet. She wasn't on the honor role, she wasn't exactly "Street Smart" either because she was a bit too naive to notice all the dangerous things that took place ON the street. But Sophie did know what to do to try your best and all that crap. And that's why with one look Leah Clearwater hated her. She smiled too brightly for ANY sane person at 7 o'clock in a Math class, none the less with all angry eyes glaring at her because, Sophie Welch was in fact the only "Pale face" attending La Push's high school, and Leah hated that she could. And she could just because she was frickin' Bella Swans cousin who Bella didn't want in the cross hairs, of whatever issues she was causing these. Yes, it was safe to say Leah did not like the girl one bit. So when Sophie snorted at some stupid flirty freshman boy's joke about Leah pretty much being a guy; well a guy who couldn't punch well- Leah got up and squarely hit Sophie in the face. Even though Leah knew it wasn't her fault, and that joke had been going around for weeks. So Leah of course was cursing out her luck when Sophie came in bleeding everywhere because the vice principal was insisting that Leah apologize... and Sophie asked "What for? because all Leah was doing is proving a point. Lesson Learned." Leah decided to change her mind, and like her after all. So that's how Sophie Welch ended up at the Clearwater's house after school for cookies. The days dragged in school, but Leah found herself liking Sophie more and more in the week. Sophie was the most extroverted Introvert there ever was. She was way too over the top, a drama queen in the little ways; dishing out commands rather than taking them. But she enjoyed reading, writing and staying to smaller groups. Sophie Welch, was an odd duck. Leah Clearwater, was a lone wolf. The girls became the talk of the school, Sophie was 5'6" warm light brown hair that was layered over her shoulders, and was either classified as a 'girly girl who hated fashion,' or a 'tom boy who hated sports.' She had great big hazel eyes that twinkled with some inside joke and trust that everyone seemed to notice. Hence the reason for her talking to anyone who was in an earshot if they looked lonely. Not only that but she was a miracle worker for being able to be friend Sophomore Leah, as a little freshman. Leah was 6'1" her short black bob of hair hug tight by her suspicion filled chocolate brown eyes. Her intimidation should have sent EVERY freshman for the hills. But Sophie didn't leave. Sophie hadn't exactly been to Leah's house besides the one time for cookies, and ice for her chin after school. Still she was prescient, and Leah had liked she had someone to her own, outside of the wolf pack. So it was with heavy footsteps that she allowed Sophie to come, after the girl threatened to cry until she made Embry ask Leah to homecoming. "So this is the great Leah's lovely abode," Sophie joked giggling as Leah rolled her eyes. "Whatever," Leah snorts cracking open a can of Pepsi. "Leeeeah, didn't you think it would be nice to get ME one," Sophie stomped her feet, "fake whining" all the way to the fridge and grabbing one for herself. Leah rolled her eyes- but it was a happy announce that was until the can ended up being shaken, and Sophie began spraying it all over Leah instead. Causing Leah to do the same, which lead to the weird shaped Pepsi stains that ever were on the Clearwater's carpet. In the following 2 months the girls started to do everything with each other, sleepovers, homecoming, mud fights in the rain, and Leah even dragged Sophie out to the ice hockey game they had 20 minutes up north from here. Leah was still doing everything in her power, unbenounced to Sophie so no one would know about her, and scare her (Over even worse order her) away. "HEY LOSER," Sophie joked bobbing up and down as she ran to Leah and wrapping her waist in a big hug. Cause that's the type of girl Sophie is (A hugger) Leah awkwardly shoves her away and Sophie makes an ugly duck face at Leah to show her annoyance. "How come I never see your family around," Sophie asks skipping to keep up with Leah. Because that's what Sophie does when faced in the choice of skipping or running; she skips. "How come I never see yours," Leah snaps and freezes. Sophie doesn't miss a beat though and replies. "Cause there six feet under so I'm living with my uncle Charlie, who doesn't like you at the moment," to add the sickly sweet effect she flutters her eyelashes and Leah shakes her head. "'Kay squirt," She hip bumps her and finds herself wondering once again what draws her in to this strange little girl. Sophie has never seen a horror movie Leah's favorite films are all horrors So On Friday October 1st Sophie rang Leah's doorbell, already in her freaking Pikachu onesie, with her big hipster glasses shining in the twilight as a VERY confused Sue Clearwater answered the door. "Oh," Sophie's eyes grow wide. "You must be Mrs. Clearwater," She smiles and hold out her hand, before shrugging and walking in when Sue doesn't move. Sophie already found this place like a second home to her, she doesn't know why, because even UNCLE CHARLIE'S didn't feel like a second home. Sue was still standing confused as ever at the door and really afraid because as far as she knows, some sales rep for onesies just walked into her house. "So did Leah tell you I was coming over tonight," Sophie asked wide eyed as Mrs. Clearwater took in her smaller then average size, and dimples as she smiled. "Nooo- are- are you a friend of hers," she asked; confused to say the least Leah NEVER had friends from school. Sophie's smile faltered for a second before she shrugged. "Leah's been my best friend for months," Sophie declared. This was all news for Mrs. Clearwater. "Well she uh- had to go to work, and emergency-" Sue sighed, Leah could have at least told her something; now she was stuck lying for her... But then she remembered. "Sophie? The girl Leah punched? Then had over after school?" Sue remembered THAT phone call at least, and the odd little girl saying Leah didn't have to apologies, and then the tiny freshman eating cookies on her stool. "The one and only... I should call Charlie- I don't have a ride back to Forks. I mean I could borrow Seth's pair of 'angel wings' every claims he must have... and Leah threatened to rip off," Sophie sighed and Mrs. Clearwater laughed. Actually laughed. Sophie had already pegged her family, and was making Leah happier. Who knew she's all it took. "No, no why don't you stay," She nods to the couch, as Sophie laughs thank you, placing an overnight bag there. So this is why Leah was sneaking around, and slightly happier, or should she say less bitter. Sue thought maybe Leah had imprinted- ah well, this was a close second. "PLEASE TELL ME SHE'S NOT-" Leah bursts through the door out of breath. "But she is," Sue snaps at her daughter who was bringing in a trail of leaves. "Leah," Sophie's eyes widened as she laughed. "Go get in your PJ's! I got this," she gestured and before Sue could say 'nah I got it' she was half done, cleaning up the mess in the kitchen buzzing around with so much natural non wolf energy, Sue hadn't seen since- well probably since Seth still believed in Santa Claus. After talking while Leah got ready Sue decide she liked Sophie. She helped out, always had this cherry smile that looked like it belonged on her face, and still had all the innocence of youth her kids missed out on. She was perfect for Leah- as long as Leah didn't rub off on her. So she went to bed with a cup of decaf coffee and let the girls watch their movies. The last thing she heard was Sophie's squeak just a bit too loud to be enjoying herself, "THE PURGE IS STARTING." Seth on the other hand didn't know they had company even at midnight. So when he was getting up and pounded down the stairs flicking on the light as hearing a blood curdling yell was proudly just as scary for him, as it was for Sophie who was sure Seth was the man from Saw coming to kill her. Seth was even more confused to see a full grown Pikachu, clutching Leah's pillow with tears, rocking back and forth on the couch. "Turn it off, turn it off, turn it off," Sophie screamed into the pillow "WHIMP," Leah laughed trying to get her to joke back and calm down turning to Seth desperately. "Wait to go, you broke her. Shame on you scaring a little girl like that," Leah called trying to make the blame fall on Seth when there Mom was sure to get up. "What- I- LEAH!" Seth cried. "We're gonna die- am I dead already," Sophie muttered uselessness into the pillow. Seth and Leah both shared a loaded look. Seth's seeming to say 'So this is who you tried to hide from the pack' and Leah snorting saying 'I wanted one non wolf freak friend okay' "G-g-guys, are you still here," Sophie sniffled as Seth and Leah we're rather quiet. She looked up pressing her hands under her "Nerd glasses" to catch the falling tears, and that is when Seth Clearwater Imprinted. Only 4 things were sure to Leah Clearwater in this moment: Sophie was Seth's imprint Leah was Sophie's best friend And Seth was Leah's brother While Sue was blissfully unaware snoring. "YOU DIDN'T! MY ONE FRIEND! SETH CLEARWATER!" Leah hollered. 'Didn't what' Sophie thought as some blood spattered across the screen making her feel nauseous. Sophie's whimper caused Seth to almost growl at Leah. "Leah how could you force her to watch this stuff," he sat next to her and was surprised at how quickly Sophie buried herself into his side, using him as a shield from the horror movies. Sophie didn't mind that she was scared if Leah, and Seth would be there to save her, but she didn't think this was the best time to mention that. Sophie was unaware to the 'Epic' stink eye glare battle about her going on, so it scared her when talking started roughly again. "I don't- I mean- choose-" Seth gasps. "C-choose what," Sophie's voice still quivers as she snuggled deeper so she was more, behind Seth, smushed between the couch and Seth, more than next to him. Leah was shaking so bad at this point all she could manage to think was her normalcy was SETH'S... it wasn't hers at all. Seth protectively shifts standing. "Leah," he soothes, but all his mind was focusing on, was Sophie's crying from behind him. Well FAR behind him, as he nudged Leah outside, just as she exploded, and Seth not far behind. "Oh. My. God. You're a WOLF. WOLF. I mean WOLF!" Sophie gaps behind them, making BOTH Leah and Seth freezing, whining at realizing what they did. "YOU DID WHAT," Sam roars