Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter and make no profit from the writing of this story. The characters that are not OFC or OMC belong to J.K. Rowling. The movies are the property of Warner Bros. Pictures and Heyday Films. Chapter One: How Harry Became Harriet A set of wide vibrant eyes the colour of bright emerald green studied an old and small plastic clock from behind round framed spectacles. Harry watched almost unblinkingly as the seconds ticked away counting down the final thirty seconds until the first stroke of midnight. Why might you ask would a sixteen year-old boy sit staring so intently at the clock as it ticked down the final seconds leading up to a brand new day. The answer was in fact simple, a tradition which Harry took part in ever since he knew how to tell the time, ever since he come to understand that the day July 31st is the day he was born, the birthday of one Harry James Potter. You might also wonder why Harry would feel the need every year to count down the final sixty seconds until midnight, why, and what was the point, why was turning seventeen any different than being sixteen? You are only turning a year older, older by the second, why would anyone want to count as those seconds tick away, always ticking away. You would honestly think that anyone would want to avoid thinking about such things, what was the point, it could not be changed, your aging could not be slowed down or cease altogether. The reason that Harry Potter did as such, well, it meant another year of life, being a year older. It also provided solid proof that the snake-like monster who murdered his parents when he was only a year-old had not succeed in his main and number one goal, which is to finally murder and rid of one Harry James Potter, naturally he failed to accomplish this so far. Harry started this tradition in the beginning first of all to prove to himself that he had managed to survive another year living under the same roof as his abusive relatives. That tradition had changed ever since turning eleven and he discovered where he had truly come from and whom he is. Now his yearly tradition of counting down the seconds to a new year in a way was a celebration of having survived another year of being 'The Boy Who Lived' and all of the usual peril that comes along with the unfortunate title and responsibility on his young shoulders. Finally, the difference between sweet sixteen and seventeen was due to the fact witches and wizards are legal adults when they reach seventeen. For example, now he could drink and buy as well as be served alcohol legally, best of all the Ministry had granted him permission to use his magic outside Hogwarts, anywhere and at anytime he pleased without getting into trouble and receiving word of warning for using his magic underage. A small and delighted smirk curved the corners of Harry's lips as the clock finally struck midnight on the 31st of July 1997. "Happy Birthday Harry" he murmured quietly as he did every year, only he ever hears, no one is ever awake or around to share this moment that only happens once a year. However, Harry would not want it any other way as long as he lived under the same roof as his poor excuse for a family, if you could even go as far to call them that. Just because he shared the same blood with his aunt due to his mother did not necessarily make her family. Family did not have to consist of people who share the same blood or DNA, a fact he had come to understand and appreciate since turning eleven. Harry had the urge to cast his first piece of magic as a legal adult and not end up in trouble or expelled from Hogwarts. Just as he reached for his wand, which lay on his bedside table, he without warning struck with a pain so intense that it felt like nothing he has ever felt before. However, if asked to compare his answer would be that he had felt such agony very much like it the last time he had a run in with Voldemort and had the Cruciatus curse cast on him. Harry wanted to shriek in pure agony so much, but remembered at the last minute where he was, remembered that he was not entirely alone. He did not want to wake and alert the Dursley's to his current problem, the last thing he needed or wanted was to deal with his relatives in his current state. He reached for his wand and cast the strongest silencing charm he is capable of around his room, before his whole being and senses consumed in pain to the point of not being able to function properly. The room now silenced to all that was not he, he finally allowed his wand to slide to the carpeted floor from his unfeeling grasp. He fell backwards on his back onto the cover of his single bed, which he luckily had been sitting on when the pain had struck. He lets loose with a scream at the top of his lungs, not caring or even bothering to hold back, no one but he could hear. He shook violently as his head moved from side to side and his entire body convulsed and withered against the mattress in mind numbing agony, he could not think straight even if he had wanted to. It felt like what he imagined swallowing an overdose of Skele-Gro would likely feel times by an absolute hundred fold, compared to having all of the bones in his arm and hand regrown. It felt as if his bones were what he imagined disintegrating then rearranging and regrowing must feel like. He was positive his skin was aflame and was melting very, very painfully slowly, how could it not possibly, when to Harry's pained riddled mind it felt as if it were. The pain continued to increase bit by bit for the next ten minutes or so, slowly increasing to the point that Harry was boarding on the point of delirium and could feel sweat as it dripped down the side of his face from his forehead. He felt one last blistering rush of agony before the pain ceased and he felt no more. He was beyond relieved when he was able within seconds of the pain stopping to give into the welcoming and soothing darkness of oblivion. It was sometime later that Harry started to regain consciousness; slowly he opened his eyes and groaned at the headache that he could feel pounding relentlessly away at his skull. It felt as if someone had taken a match and lit it before throwing it inside of his mouth and setting his throat alight. Harry assumed it must be the result of all the screaming he had done before being fortunate enough to experience complete oblivion no matter how briefly. Harry slowly and carefully rolled over onto his front and moaned seconds later as he took note of the fact that there was seven owls in his room, including Hedwig. Apparently, she had returned from where she had been staying with Sirius. Harry tried to avoid keeping his familiar with him when at Private Drive at all cost if he could prevent it, he honestly feared and believed that one of those days Vernon would finally snap and do the unthinkable. He had always feared Vernon would try to harm, or worse, do what he had threatened to do on many occasions in the past, break Hedwig's neck and feed her to Marge's vicious dogs. Harry shook his head not wanting to think of such thoughts, turned his head in the direction of his bedside table and, glanced at the clock. He noted how it was twenty-five minutes after midnight, which made him wonder just how long Hedwig and the other six owls had been waiting there in his bedroom for him to regain consciousness. He realised with some relief that apparently none had pecked him and tried to wake him up to be freed of their load and allowed to leave. Harry removed his gaze from the clock before he sighed tiredly and buried his face into the cover of the bed. After a moment of just lying still and breathing in and out calmly, he moved around on the bed to find a more comfortable position. He noticed that there was a slight discomfort in his chest area, which soon became apparent that adjusting his position was not having the desired effect and that something felt off. He rolled back over onto his back grimacing in annoyance as his hair covered his face. He lifted up his left hand to push the hair to one side, while his right hand came to rest over his chest. He froze moments later as two thoughts entered his mind, one since when has his hair been long enough to cover his face and, two his chest felt decidedly off, felt almost lumpy in fact as if something rested on top of it. He moved his hand somewhat gingerly over his chest, only to cease all movement moments later. He quickly sat up on the bed and winced slightly as his body twinged with aches located in places even he did not know could ache from the sudden sharp movement of sitting upright. He sat the end of the bed and his legs hung over the edge as he inwardly grumbled at the turn of events that his birthday was so far. He looked down at his chest, yet the first thing he took note of was not his chest, but the fact his hair hung in long thick strands of midnight black silk. He raked a hand though the dark glossy locks and followed the strands downwards, and noticed they went passed his breasts and ended a couple of inches from his waist. However, seconds later his entire body became rigid as his mind finally processed what he had thought, for example, his breasts. Harry let out a loud whimper in the back of his throat as he finally noticed how his pyjama top clung tightly to his chest, to be more precise his pyjama top clung to his breasts. This caused Harry to whimper even louder before he stood and rapidly searched for his wand, ignoring the brief aching twinge that was gradually starting to fade. He found his wand seconds later on the carpet where it had fallen after he had cast the silencing charm. He picked it up and conjured a large full-length mirror with quick and flawless ease, easier than usual, which he wondered whether that was down to the magic boost he could tell he had received after turning seventeen. Apparently, Harry according to Sirius had inherited his father's knack for Transfiguration, which remained true regardless of what had happened to him. It was nice to have inherited something else from his dad besides his looks and skill in DADA and on the Quidditch pitch. Harry looked into the mirror as he adjusted his glasses on the bridge of his nose before studying his reflection, which was enough to seconds later after receiving the first glimpse to let out a loud and piercing scream. It echoed off the walls, which caused him to think somewhere at the back of his mind how it really was a good job he had the sense to cast that silencing charm earlier on. That scream had been loud enough possibly to wake up the dead, or worse in his opinion his relatives. Harry suddenly snapped out of his horror-induced stupor over his reflection as he heard the owls still in his room let out startled sounding hoots. He watched as they