1. District 12's forest was thick and wide in the warm summer. Clementine Harper gazed at the wild landscape with her older brother, Jax nearby. The sky is slowly turning gray and ominous, Clementine only looked at the sky once to realize it would be raining soon. Then Clementine heard a high pitched yelp of a hungry pup far off in the distance. Jax lets out a frustrated groan. Clementine whirled around to see her brother clumsily trotting behind her. He tried his best to follow his little sister, this was his first time being in the forest. The young boy's heart raced a mile a minute. He was terrified of the wilderness. Jax simply accompanied his sister because she asked him to come. She would never ask her eldest sister, Pearla, who treated her like a baby. She never thought about asking her killjoy, identical twin sister, Constance, and her older brother, Luke wouldn't accompany her, he would just berate her and yell at her. Clementine enjoyed her time with her brother, Jax more than her other siblings. Clementine heard the whimpering of pups once again. She alerted Jax immediately. "Did you hear that? I think there's something over there." Clementine began to head into the direction of the whimpering, but Jax scurried towards her and grabbed her wrist tightly. "Clem, no! You don't know what's over there!" Jax rebuked. The cries of the pups became insistent and Clementine pulled her arm away from Jax, successfully breaking his grip. "Don't worry, come on!" Clementine insisted as she speeded towards the whimpering. Far off in the forest, there is a small pond with crystal blue water. Near its edges laid an abandoned litter of small pups. The litter's mother is nowhere to be found. Clementine resisted the urge to go and pet the pups, she feared that the mother will return and attack her. "Clem!" Jax cried out, getting her attention immediately. When he made it up to her, he squinted at the pups for a short moment, then his eyes widened with alarm. "Clem, we need to go before these puppies's mom comes back." He urged feverishly. Clementine did not want to leave the pups alone, but she knew her brother's cautiousness was reasonable. Then she heard Jax gasp sharply. "Clementine!" With that, Jax roughly grabbed Clementine's arm and yanked her backwards hard. "Look!" Jax whispered suddenly, pointing a stiff finger at something in the distance. Clementine became upset and yanked her arm back with a glare. "Stop being so stupid!" She fumed. Clementine rubbed her arm, which was reddening. "You hurt my arm!" She hissed. Clementine gave Jax a hard punch in the shoulder. Jax winced in pain and glared back. "Clem, I thought the Mother came back, so I grabbed you!" "Well did she?" Clementine inquired, looking in the direction her brother previously pointed. Then she saw it. A dog appeared at the opposite side of the pond, No, it wasn't a dog. It looked like a dog, but Clementine knew what it exactly was. A mutt. The mutt stared blankly at Clementine and Jax, it's yellow eyes flashed. The mutt is injured, it's left side has a large gash, it's caramel fur caked with crimson. The mutt was carrying something in it's mouth; a chunk of flesh covered with dark fur. The mutt lets out a strange bark, fell over and died. The pups's cries became higher than before. Clementine looked at the gloomy sky, remembering that it will rain soon. She pushed a red bang out of her eyes. "We should take the puppies with us." Clementine suggested eagerly. "No." Jax objected. "Dad is already gonna kill us when he finds out we're out here. He's gonna blow when he finds out we're bringing puppies home." Clementine squinted. "Daddy will never know we were out here, Jax." "Rose will. You know how she is. She knows that you and I are doing things we're not suppose to." Clementine grimaced at the thought of her stepmother, Rose. Clementine used to like her in the beginning, she was sweet tempered and jolly, then Mr. Harper put the ring on her finger and she instantly became demanding and short tempered. Clementine struggled to tolerate her with all of her yelling and nagging. Whenever Clementine would think of that archetype of the evil stepmother, Rose would pop up in her mind. But Clementine believed her Father would at least think about keeping the pups. Clementine found her brother's worrying annoying. Mr. Harper, in Clementine's mind, was a sweet, even tempered, and understanding man. She was very close to her Father, she was the apple of his eye. If she went up to him with the pups, he would be strict and may even yell once, but he wouldn't be angry. He would smile, he may even burst out laughing. "Please! Jax, they'll get sick out here. Please!" Clementine begged, giving him her puppy eyes. A drop of rain hits Clementine's head. Then immediately it began to pour. Hard. The two children were soaked from head to toe, Jax's hair became matted and his bangs blocked his eyesight for moment. When he got the bangs out of his eyes, he scowled at the sight of Clementine trying to desperately scoop up the pups. He ran to his stubborn sister. "Clem, you're going to get sick out here! Come on!" Clementine is not listening to him. "Pick up that one, it's crawling away!" She said frantic. Jax looked down at his feet to see a grayish pup crawling towards his feet. He lets out a heavy sigh and scooped up the pup. There are four pups, Clementine gathered all three and held them in her arms. Jax held just one. Clementine enjoyed the warmth of the pups's fur in her arms. Hurriedly, Jax scurried ahead. "Come on!" He ordered. "I'm coming. I'm coming." Clementine did what her brother said. But she walked slowly and cautiously. Her eyes are lit with awe. She immediately thought of her twin sister, Constance. Constance would not be thrilled to see the pups, she never liked hounds, let a alone, mutts. The pups were comfortable, they were soaked, but they were still content. Clementine was amazed by their eyes. Two of them had yellow eyes, the common eye color for a mutt hound and the the other one had grey eyes. But the one Jax was holding was the one that captured Clementine's fondness. A pup with silver gray fur and glistening violet eyes. A rarity. The pups were not like any regular pup, they were made by the Capitol during the War. The Capitol mixed the genetics of a hound and wolf together to make the perfect detector they referred as the Mutts. They were large and menacing. Their hearing and sense of smell is extraordinarily advanced. They were bred to be vicious and dangerous, killing anything and anyone that came across them. They were used in the War to detect explosives in the rebelling districts, the Mutts could smell and sense them miles away. But eventually, folks from the Districts would kill the Mutts on sight, prompting the Capitol to use only Jabberjays instead. After the War, they abandoned the animals and they now roamed the earth. It's quite rare to find one, let a alone, an entire litter. It did feel surreal to be this close to Capitol Mutts, the thought of the Hunger Games popped into her mind, but she pushed it away and forgot about it. Clementine hoped that her Father would allow her to keep them as a pets. Constance had a pet, a cat she received for her birthday from their late Grandmother. Originally, the cat, Chester, was both of the girl's pet. But after the nasty cat scratched and bit Clementine too many times, Clementine decided she was not a cat person. Clementine and Jax made it up to the electrified fence that separated the forest from 12. Clementine could see her new house from where she stood. There's a sizable hole in the fence that no one ever thought of fixing. The fence itself is full of wires and is supposed to be electrified for twenty four hours a day. But it never is. "You go first." Clementine said, pointing at the hole. Jax does, eager to leave the forest. He held the pup close to his chest and crawled out to the other side. Clementine started towards the hole immediately, then she paused when she heard Constance. "CLEMENTINE! WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" Constance screamed. Jax whirled around with alarmed eyes. Constance ran over to them in her yellow coat, her reddish hair was soaked and heavy, she is drenched to the brim. "Are you crazy? Get out of there! What are you doing?" When she made up to the fence. She gave Clementine a scolding look. "Get out of there now!" She commanded. Clementine frowned and mumbled curse words under her breath. She clutched the pups to her chest like Jax and crawled out to the other side. Clementine refused to look Constance in the eyes when she made it out. "What are you doing?" Constance insisted. "Crawling." Clementine said curt. "Why do you have puppies? Put them back! Daddy and Mommy won't let you keep them!" Constance exclaimed. "Mom is going to be to have a fit over this." Clementine felt a pang of anger when she heard the word, "Mommy." and "Mom". Rose will never be her Mother. "I don't care what Rose does, Constance!" Clementine snapped with a bitter tongue. Constance gasped sharply. "Do not talk to me like that! I'm just trying to help! Why do you have puppies, Clem? You know Mom doesn't like animals." "I'm just trying to help these puppies. Stop talking to me before they get sick!" With that, Clementine picked herself up from the ground, cradling the pups, she ran straight for her house. Her house wasn't far, she made sure before she left, the front door was unlocked, then she spilled into her living room within a minute. "Clem!" Luke sat on the couch, reading one of his favorite novels. In an instant, he shut his book closed and hurried towards his sister. Clementine felt the coldness of the house and began to shiver. Her heart sank when she felt the pups shiver with her. "Luke, get them a blanket before they get sick. Hurry!" Luke does get a blanket off of the couch, but not for the pups, but for Clementine. He tossed the blanket onto his sister's shoulders. "Clem, what happened?" He demanded. "I found some puppies, Luke!" Clementine admitted. With that, Clementine paced away from her brother and grabbed a nearby medium sized towel off the kitchen counter. She placed the soaked pups on the counter and promptly dried them as best as she could. Luke was not happy about this at all. "Clem, what are you doing? You can't just bring some wild animals into the house! Put them back!" "No!" Clementine protested, giving Luke a glare. "Mind your own business!" She fumed. Then Jax and Constance spilled into the house, breathing heavily and Luke confronted his twin brother, Jax immediately. "Mind telling me where you two were?" Luke said. Jax exhaled. "We were in the forest." He admitted truthfully. Clementine gasped. "JAX!" "Clementine, Constance saw us anyway, she would tell on us anyway!" Jax reasoned. Clementine wanted to argue, but she knew Jax was right. Constance was notorious for her big mouth. She always tattletales on her. The pups whimpered for a short moment, Jax decided to dry the pup he's holding. Once all of the pups were dry, Clementine placed them on the floor. With a jubilant smile, she scooped up her favorite. Clementine then heard a sound and whirled around to see Chester. A bitter cat with yellow fur and pale stripes. He hissed at her and the pup she was holding as he sat on the kitchen counter.