Her fur was whiter than snow, with streaks of dark brown curving along her back and legs. Her eyes were a light brown, bordering on hazel that held wisdom and compassion. She stood beside me as if it were normal of her kind to do, as if we weren't meant to be mortal enemies. Shifters and vampires. ' Your mind has always danced, Carlisle, with the ways of the new' She told me, speaking into my mind as if I was a fellow pack member. I couldn't help but frown in confusion. "Ways of the new?" I ask her. She was silent for a moment before she looked to the sky, in the direction of the moon. ' My kind was given the gift to shift by wolves, Carlisle, you know of our legends, I have told you and taught you our ways. However, our kind only became enemies when your kind attacked ours. We were peaceful people, hunting, traveling with our tribes. We developed a sense to detect when your kind was near, we evolved for the change of hunt. We will always hold your kind as enemies, so long as they bare red eyes, those who feast and slaughter the humans. But you bare gold eyes, Carlisle, feasting reluctantly even on animals, against your instinct. I have honored you and treated you with kindness. I have taken you in as my own brother for over a century. You tell me you will leave soon, and I cannot protect you from my homeland. Where you roam is outside my territory, I have no say…Be careful my brother, for the new shifters, the young, are temper mental' I nod, heeding her warning. "I leave come sun down…Will I see you again?" I couldn't help but asks. She turned and nuzzled her head to my chest. ' Of course…you belong to my pack, my mark upon your forearm proves as such. You will always be welcomed in my land, among my people, so long as you remain true' She told me before backing up and staring at me. ' And for God's sake, Carlisle, get yourself a mate' This single sentence, coming from a '17' year old to a '25' year old caused us to mock wrestle for a good hour with her constant teasing of my lack of sex life. I spent the rest of my time their with her and her pack, who had welcomed me and taught me. And when I left, it was to the sound of her howl that sounded like 'until next time'. … I stood in front of Sam and the old pack that couldn't shift anymore. My family standing behind me, Edward remaining close to my side as even Esme stood further back. We stood facing each other with a creek in between us, discussing terms of a treaty. Sam Uley, I could tell, was the only active shifter, but the old pack still had the smell of wolf on them so to anyone not knowing, it would seem like they were part of the pack. I hadn't been truly listening, as the members of the old pack continued to hurl insults this way and that at my family and I. Sam, the lone Alpha, seemed torn between listening to his elders and…well…giving us a chance. "They're our natural enemy, we shouldn't even be considering this!" Quill Sr. growled. And on and on it went. I rolled up my sleeves with a sigh, such a human habit I've picked up. "What is that, Carlisle?" Edward asks pointing to my forearm. I frown as I look down at my right forearm. Ah, Bella's mark. When she informed me she marked me, I hadn't known she did so so literally. Before I could respond, the old pack and Sam all gasped and choked in startlement. "You bare the mark of the Alpha pack?!" Billy Black questions, while the others seemed torn between shock, envy, and accusation. Alpha pack? ' Can you hear me ?' I heard in my head. I snap my gaze over to Sam and nod. Sam breathed deeply. ' I'm sure, being marked by one of the Alpha pack, that you understand this way of communicating ?' Sam questions, again mentally. I nod again. Now, the old pack and my family seemed to pick up on the fact that Sam and I were having a private conversation, and by the frustrated look on Edwards face, he couldn't hear it. ' I see…would you be willing to tell me how much you know of our ways ?' Sam asks, subtly glancing over at the old pack. "I don't know much about the Quileute tribe. However, I will share with you what I was taught. But this is only because you are an Alpha, so the others of the old pack cannot hear or witness these telling's" I tell Sam. My family looked alarmed and confused but the old pack seemed alarmed on several scales- most likely because I knew anything, and that I was not willing to speak in front of them- and insulted. "We'll not leave our only shifter with a bunch of leeches, regardless of being marked!" Henry roared. I shift forward and look him dead in the eye. "You mistake me; my family will not be present either. Sam and I will speak in a neutral place, and I will tell him what was told to me by the Alpha of what you call 'the Alpha pack'." I explain. "Why can't you just talk to each other mentally? I can't hear you anyways, and neither will they" Edward asks, getting defensive. "I am only able to hear Sam, not speak. Besides, he, like the old pack, are new shifters. The pack that I was marked and accepted into is a tad older, and I am only able to speak with the alpha that marked me mentally; though that was a rare occasion." I confess. "This alpha you speak of, what gender were they?" Billy questions. Everyone looks to him confuse, but I smile. "You are the great grandson of Ephraim Black, who met with the Alpha of 'my' pack…I believe he was shocked to learn that the alpha was Isabella, the first female shifter. But I believe h kept that a secret as he was asked to" I reply. Billy seemed relieved, now knowing that I was speaking the truth. "Female shifter?" one of the old pack questions in a haughty voice. "Females are too deli-" I growled at him, daring to continue. He broke off in shock, even as he watched my eyes turn form liquid gold to black. " Carlisle?" Esme asks, warily. I wasn't surprised; I'd never acted this way before. I was always calm, collected…not quick to anger. "It is never wise to disrespect someone else's alpha" A male voice calls from the tree line. All of us tense, not having heard anyone. I glance at Edward, but hear shakes his head subtly; he can't hear him. "Who are you, what business do you have here?" Sam calls. The man, who looked 20, walked calmly through my family and stood beside me. It was then that I saw on his fore arm, Bella's mark. The man grinned at me. "It's an honor to meet you Carlisle Cullen, I joined the pack soon after you left. The older pack members who knew you still speak of you. I am called Dakota. I am 5th I rank among the pack, but still lt level. I was sent to guard and watch over you" Dakota says to me, ignoring his cousin pack. If I could have blushed, I would have. "Watch over?" I couldn't help but asks. Dakota grinned. "Bella said, I quote 'the man is a danger magnet wherever he walks. His optimism and peaceful ways are adorable but it'll get him killed if I didn't intervene'. About five of us were on guard or stand by when you were with the Volturi. Bella was all for going and just having them killed and cancelling the threat to you, but the elders managed to calm her down." Dakota tells me. I couldn't help but pinch the bridge of my nose; Bella was way too protective. Sam cleared his throat. He didn't seem too upset about being ignored. Dakota turned and looked at the lone Alpha before nodding. "Ah, forgive me. It wouldn't be proper of me to confront you before introducing myself to a pack mate. I am Dakota, 5th seat of the 'Alpha' pack, as you call us" Dakota introducing himself, grasping Sam's forearm and bowing slightly. Sam pulled Dakota into an embrace before releasing him. "I am Sam Uley, of the Quileute." Sam introduces himself. Dakota smiles warmly. They had greeted each other with proper respect…Dakota giving Sam the honor of being an Alpha, and Sam recognizing that Dakota was his equal skill wise…at least to his knowledge. All who were in the 'Alpha' pack were Alpha level, typically. Bella truly believed that you were as strong as your weakest link. "This is Billy Black, Quill Sr., Henry Clearwater, and Embryos" Sam introduces those who were present of the old pack. Dakota nodded his head at the old pack but paused on Embryos, the one who insulted Bella. "Ah, good to have the name of a coward who insults an alpha behind their back" Dakota says glaring with his jaw clenched. "Our tribe had never produced a female shifter, it's unnatural. Our pack has always had strong men" Embryos snaps. I couldn't help but eye Dakota warily. I wanted a treaty with Sam, not start a war over pride. Sam was still under the guidance of the old pack, they could influence him. ' Do not worry, Carlisle, I am my names sake (Dakota=friend), I will not cause you any harm .' Dakota's voice entered through my head. I couldn't help but sigh in relief. "You will see the strength of our alpha when she arrives soon. This creek ends your territory, yes?" Dakota ask. He, like I, have already smelt that. Sam looks to the elders, who seem troubled slightly. "Yes, as you very well know. I take it that you claim land here?" Henry asks. Dakota shakes his head. "I have no right to claim land for my pack. Only the alpha and her Lt are allowed…surely you know that, pack law" Dakota states. Henry perked up, as did Embryos. I didn't know why Dakota was grinning wickedly; almost like he was waving a lollipop in front of a baby before snatching it back and eating it for himself. " I believe Carlisle wishes to make a treaty with your tribe…it would be terribly disrespectful for the Quileute to refute the Lt of the 'Alpha' pack." Dakota states. For a moment, all was still before the old pack started to balk. Sam was the only one to have a small smile on his face. ' Well played, my friend' Sam speaks to both Dakota and I mentally. I knew he spoke to Dakota because he nodded and the voice sort of echoed. However, I was still caught up with being told I was Lt to Bella's pack. "You didn't know?" Edward asks me quietly, seeming relieved that he could hear my thoughts again. I shake my head, a puzzled frown dominated my face. I shouldn't be too surprised, this was Bella after all, and she apparently even had me guarded too. "I have no quarrels with making a treaty with your family, Carlisle, or with your pack." Sam states, and I hear no hesitation or lie from him. This pleases me to no end. The old pack, however, looked like they did and weren't hesitant to speak them. "ENOUGH! I am Alpha, you will respect that! I have listened to you and I appreciate your guidance, but you cannot teach me anything because you can no longer shift!" Sam snapped, shaking slightly. The elders