leave you drowning until you reach for my hand cato/clove an: i haven't written anything in over a year and i don't know how to write anymore and too much is happening and i don't know what to do anymore. / hell is empty and all the devils are here . little fox little fox little fox is the first thing cato thinks when he sees her, short and slight with her dark hair pulled back into a braid, pale limbs swift and sure as she makes her way up to the stage. dark eyes sweep over the gathering of citizens before her, but the sly smirk on her face does not falter. clove , she says confidently when they ask her name. clove. he volunteers when the name of a scrawny little boy with a mop of yellow hair on his head who looks too young to be any older than twelve is called. his own actions leave him breathless, exhilarated; he doesn't know what to feel – he is bizarrely thrilled and too full of pride and just a little terrified and a million emotions in between. when he reaches out to shake clove's hand, so small and cold in his, she looks up through her lashes at him and he wonders if she can feel him trembling. . the ride to the capitol is strange – he feels out of place here, unaccustomed to the plush and velvet seating, the crystal glasses, the gleaming silver platters that could double as mirrors. it feels as if he has stepped into a foreign world. he has grown up well off – most of them in district two have – but not like this, never like this. it is all so bizarre he's not sure whether to laugh or cry. it's only him and her now, their mentor and escort having wandered off to the bar car to celebrate another year of two strong, able-bodied volunteers. clove is perched on a window seat, gripping the window pane as she peers out at foreign, lush landscapes decorated with a plethora of green trees and sparkling pools of water. cato makes his way over and sits down adjacent from her, shifting uncomfortably. she's staring intently at him, having turned the split second he made a move to sit by her. when he shifts his gaze to look at her, he sees her nose is covered in little dark freckles that float to sprinkle across her cheeks. her tiny hands rest in her lap now, smoothing down her dress. he's seen this girl before. "i've seen you before. at training, you know?" clove blinks owlishly up at him, faintest hint of a smirk on her lips. "is that so?" before cato can say anything else, she continues, "scoping out your possible competition, huh?" and she's most definitely smirking now. a startled laugh bubbles up in cato's chest. "i guess? i mean, yeah. isn't that the point?" when clove merely shrugs her tiny shoulders, he swiftly tries to steer the conversation in another direction. "so, are you any good?" "like i'd tell you that." clove's dark eyes narrow slightly. cato can only blink, eyebrows furrowing as the reality of the situation at hand pounds into him again and again. had he actually expected her to tell him anything of that nature? this is a matter of life and death, it really is - she isn't going to give him any information on her strengths or weaknesses. he almost smiles. he knew from the moment he saw her this morning ( little fox little fox little fox ) that she knew what she was doing up there. only now does he realize that her knowledge of the games goes much further. "fair enough. just wondering; you don't look like much of a fighter is all," he bluffs, crossing his arms and averting his eyes. "so, like. what do you think? of the games, i mean." "i think they're great. i mean, they're shit if you don't make it, but i'm not worried about that." clove speaks too quickly, but her eyes have lit up and a chesire-cat grin has spread across her face. with that, she stands, stretching slightly, and, before she walks away, leans down and whispers lowly, "might as well give them a good show, yeah?" her lips nearly graze his ear, but just like that she is walking away, hips swaying slightly with an air of confidence. she's one of the most unhinged people he's ever met, and he likes her instantly. (after all, he's always been a little disturbed - they all are out here, he supposes.) . clove doesn't say another word to him that day. they stand side by side in their chariot, skin brushing skin, waving to opposing sides of the building. the applause is deafening. cato catches her looking at him from the corner of his eye when they pull up before the president, but she looks away the second he tries to look at her head on. then he wonders if she had ever been looking at all. . cato has always known he was meant to be a fighter. built, strong, and tall, he is most confident in his ability to take down the other tributes - a tiny dark-skinned girl, a pretty blonde, and a curly-haired boy all strike him as particularly easy to take down. he's skilled with a sword and he's pretty good with a bow if need be, and he is hulking and powerful and my god, he's been trained his whole life for this, he almost wants to laugh because it seems almost too easy. he finds his attention being drawn to clove more often than not. she's so small , top of her head barely coming up to his shoulder. every day before training she seems almost giddy, bouncing on her toes in a way that reminds him of a child. cato isn't sure what to think of her, really. clove is unafraid, they all learn rather quickly. she is deadly fast, and her weapon of choice of is knife. she is small and sleek and her aim is impeccable - she never, ever misses and is quickly deemed one of the strongest female competitors. she loves attention she gets from the other tributes, and she is always aware of people watching her. little fox little fox little fox , cato thinks. one day the pretty girl from district one brushes by him on her way to grab her bow and arrow from their station. she's beautiful, she is - pink, pouty lips and long blonde hair and huge blue eyes framed by long, thick lashes. he licks his lips when she sways her hips nonchalantly and flips her hair and bats her eyelashes at him when he glances her way. cato's attention is diverted by the swift moving of objects - knives - in his peripheral vision. clove is peering at him, but when he meets her gaze she simply turns, pleased look on her face, and continues lobbing her knives into the synthetic chests of rubber dummies. he comes up behind her once she's done. her arms are crossed loosely across her heaving chest. "not bad," he says casually, and she turns, smirking expectantly. "show me?" clove sneers, retrieving her knives from the instructor, who is scurrying about. "you fucking wish." "no?" he quirks an eyebrow at her, makes a move to grab the thick knife in her right hand. clove is too quick, though, much to his surprise - she yanks it out of the way without flinching and reaches up to grab his collar. "you try to touch me or my goddamn knives again and i will slit your fucking throat," she hisses, and he feels the slight pressing of cool metal against his belly. "and don't get near that fucking blonde again. she's trouble, i know it." it's over in an instant, though, and before the instructor can pull them apart clove is walking away, hips swinging lazily, knives grasped tightly in her hands. she turns her head and smiles smugly at him one last time, shrugging as if to say, you asked for it. the glint in her eyes says she's thinking of all the ways she could kill him with those knives. he kind of hates her. . clove waits behind him in line for their interviews. she's got on a red dress and she's covered in glitter - it's in her dark hair and on her eyelids and floats down onto her cheeks. the biting remarks and tough skin that cato is used to from her clash with the ensemble, but maybe that's a good thing, he thinks. she is ethereal. the pretty blonde from district one - glimmer, her name is - is on stage and cato is up next. "don't fuck up," clove whispers, lips brushing the shell of his ear. she's on her toes, hand on his shoulder to steady herself. cato grins, despite himself. a minute later, just as his name is called, he feels her tiny hand brush against his. it was most definitely an accident, he decides, and steps ahead into the world of bright lights and applause without looking back. . clove's interview goes off without a hitch. she'll get lots of sponsors, cato is sure of it. she walks up on stage, clutching at the skirt of her dress to keep it from brushing the floor. she takes caesar's hand without hesitating, shaking it firmly. she pulls it back before he can kiss her hand. "i've been told i'm alright with a knife," she says sarcastically, laughing, and the crowd laughs with her, taken under her spell. cato tries so badly to hate her that his stomach aches. . at training the next morning, he catches clove throwing her knives with a force twice as vicious as usual. the second he makes a move towards her, she throws her remaining knives down and excuses herself. she comes back twenty minutes later, looking deathly pale and eyes rimmed red. clove doesn't make eye contact with him for the rest of the morning. . clove stops talking to him, after that. . they're all crowded around the screen in their suite - cato, clove, the stylist, mentor, and escort - anxiously awaiting their scores. none of them seem especially worried (why should they be, really?), but it's always interesting to see just how they measure up to the others in the eyes of the sponsors. clove gets a ten. cato gets a ten. despite their differences in size and skill, they could not be more evenly matched. "well, my mother will be proud," she says quietly and cato kind of wants to punch something because why her why not someone else anybody fucking else. instead, he leans back against the leather seat and mutters, "impressive," in clove's direction. clove's head snaps up, and she stares at him, unblinking. cato thinks she'll say something, but instead she storms off in the direction of her room . the night before the games, cato cannot sleep for the life of him. he is not afraid. that much he is sure of. but the adrenaline racing through his veins accompanied by the never ending song of the cheering capitol citizens just down the street keep him wide awake. he staggers out of his room, aiming for a glass of water and maybe a lie-down on the couch for a bit. clove is curled up on the couch, looking lost and vulnerable with her night dress pulled over her knees and her eyes wide as she peers out the window, stars reflected in her eyes. she senses his presence almost immediately, and mutters, "fuck off." "aw, why? i'm allowed to be here just as much as you are," cato says with a kind of mock defensiveness. when clove speaks again, her voice is strained. "please. just leave me alone. please.