Harry Potter Dropout Chapter 1 Co-Writer GreyKing46 We do not own these characters. Hogwarts, school of witchcraft and wizardry. This school has stood for a thousand years, it has seen the progress of all witches and wizards, their histories unfold throughout the ages and it has seen wars. And recently, was a battlefield; the battle against the Death Eaters, minions of the Dark Lord Voldemort...Or as the world will know him again: Tom Marvolo Riddle. The students have protected their wizarding home and were resting from the trauma and trials that had transpired But right now? The government was holding an important meeting Kingsley Shacklebolt, the current Minister of Magic banged his gavel to draw attention to the matter at hand. "Ladies. Gentlemen. Witches and wizards...Thank you for coming. As we know, the Dark Lord has been finally vanquished, the wizarding world is finally safe from his tyranny...But we must look forward from this incursion." The Wizengamot was silent, listening carefully "The war against the Dark Lord sharply reduced the population, no matter how short it was, while we still had not fully recovered from the much longer war that ended 16 years ago. Hogwarts test scores and teaching quality has been steadily dropping the last 10 plus years. And more and more graduates from Hogwarts are refusing to join the work force. I am afraid we have no choice. Witches and Wizards of the Wizengamot, it is time for the final vote for the 'Dropout law'." The room was silent, everyone holding their wands tightly "All against?" He asked and about half the hall raised their wands, the tops glowing a soft white "Counted." Kingsley nodded, the against lowering their wands "All for?" Once again wands where raised, glowing a gentle red "Counted." He nodded, the wands lowering "... After tallying votes..." Kingsley said sadly as he looked at the paper before looking at the hall "... Try Dropout Law is now in effect. Motion carried." With that he banged his gavel, changing the lives of so many... *?* A fairly muscular and scared black haired 19 year old was asleep in his bed, sleeping peacefully... When banging came from the door "Oh...Hmm...Coming..." The nineteen-year-old yawned as he was rudely awoken and slumped his way down to the stairs to his front door, covered in his dressing gown. This is Harry Potter, the boy...The MAN who survived the Dark Lord not once, but twice. He opened his green eyes, heavy with sleep, as he carefully placed his glasses on his face. Opening the door he saw an upset looking brown haired girl standing there, behind her was a red haired man who looked as tired as Harry felt "Hermione? Ron? What's wrong?" Harry asked with worry and exhaustion. "Harry, it's terrible. We've just heard." Hermione spoke in a shaky voice "It's a bloody nightmare, mate." Ron added "What? What're you talking about...C-Come on in." He sighed, too tired for this at the front door. "Look at this!" Hermione said, pushing a paper against his chest This paper was the "Daily Prophet", the wizarding world's most popular, and only, newsprint. It kept up to date with every and ALL news in this world. And front page Harry saw it, which made his eyes widen in confusion. New "Dropout Law" Passed. Wizenmagot authorised. ""Dropout Law"? I've never heard of that; what is it?" Harry asked in innocent ignorance. "Students who do not meet expectations such as gaining too low test scores in important tests, such as failing three of your OWL courses, from fifth years or older, if you drop out of school without getting a degree or you do not enter the workplace within a year after graduation will be placed into the Dropout programme." Hermione read off "Male students who enter the programme will be required to do 10 or more hours of unpaid manual or menial labour a day for no pay. Forever. Female students, however, loose the rights to their own bodies. They WILL become living public sex toys for the population." As she said that last part, Hermione was glaring at the paper in such a way you would think it would explode That sent a shiver down Harry's spine...True his feats in the field were incredible: defying the corruption of Delores Umbridge, destroying Voldemort, saving the wizarding world. But his school work...doing exams...That petrified him, more than the glance of a basilisk. And the varying degrees of punishment for both sides...It was too much for him to comprehend first thing in the morning. The only hope he had was the fact he KNEW these tests where half practical and half theory, meaning he might be able to pass. But they had no idea what a Dropout grade was, especially for people their age. "So ya see...We're buggered...'Cept Hermione, of course." Ron answered "But then again, we saved the world. They'd never put us in that programme ." Ron shrugged with a smirk, confident in his claim and hard from imagining being able to sleep with every woman he had ever fantasised about "You don't understand, Ronald!" Hermione turned to face him, sounding serious at this subject. "It's EVERYONE! ALL of us have to take it!" "Yea we TAKE it, but did you forget who we ARE?! We SAVED THE WORLD, it would be a PR nightmare if any of us became Dropouts." Ron argued "Heck, if Harry became a dropout the entire country would riot. We're fine. You're overreacting." "I'M overreacting?!" Hermione snapped "GUYS!" Harry yelled out. Ron just huffed and stormed out, rubbing his eyes tiredly 'God...Damn it...' Harry thought sadly. "I'm screwed..." He frowned "Huh?" Hermione blinked "I...This...This law...I'm screwed 'Mione...I've been trying but...I'm not gonna pass." Harry frowned "Harry. I won't let that happen to you." Hermione frowned, taking his hands in hers "How long till the exams?" Harry asked, feeling better at Hermione's hand holding his. Reassuring him like a big sister. "A few weeks. A month, to the day, before we go back." Hermione nodded "Is there enough time to cram enough of everything so I'm a tenth of your smarts?" Harry asked "Oh Harry." Hermione blushed *Time Skip* It had been a few weeks, the exams were on the next day. Harry and Hermione were working like bees collecting honey to get all they could to pass. The two were at Harry house, Grimmald place. They were sitting in front of the fire, leaning against each other as they read "Hmm...I'm gonna make a drink." Harry sighed as he rubbed his eyes "Okay." She nodded As Harry went to the kitchen, Hermione looked over his notes. And actually he was doing okay, he managed to get things he got wrong before, right. She knew he would pass the test She just wished that Ron would've come and study with them...But he made his bed, he was going to coast on his "we saved the world" idea. She felt no love-loss for him. "Here we are." Harry spoke, bringing in two hot chocolates with marshmallow. "Oh thank you." Hermione took the drink. "Hmm..." She smiled as she tasted the sweet and creamy drink warm her body. She shuddered a bit, leaning against Harry as he sat back down "Hey." Harry smiled a little as he and Hermione drunk their hot chocolate. "So...Review notes? Or...half hour break?" "This IS the break; isn't it?" She chuckled lightly "Besides, we finished studying. We're good for the tests." She promised "I hope so..." Harry sighed and relaxed, gently pondering if he'd do alright. Hermione smiled, relaxing against him "Hermione...I know I've been saying this for the past month but...Thank you. Thanks for putting up with me." Harry heartfully spoke "Anything for you Harry." She chuckled with a smile "Hogwarts is gonna be a little different from now on isn't it?" Harry asked sounding sad. "VERY different... It is barbaric." Hermione sighed "Well...Maybe it'll get better...Maybe there'll be a day when this law is abolished and thing's will get back to normal." Harry spoke hopefully "Doesn't mean it isn't barbaric." She grumbled, sighing lightly *Time skip* It was the day of the tests...The school was in a split between: high strung and worried, to not really giving a toss. Harry looked around the place nervously, seeing friends and other people he knew walking around He saw his fellow Gryffindors in worry at their results, Hufflepuffs were worried as well as they were given their results back. Ravenclaw looked more relaxed since they were the house of "wisdom" they had study periods together to make sure they would pass. Slytherin on the other hand...Looked smug as hell and nervous. Though most probably thinking "we're pure-bloods" or "we've got old-money"...Yeah, they were thinking of THAT. He saw Draco sitting there, looking nervous He honestly looked like he was going to pass out for real if he was going to be a Dropout. Guess his daddy being a Death Eater made him paranoid of him being selected for harsher treatment. He sat down, on looking at the test nervously And so...They began. Each of the students examined the questions of this written portion of their exams, some students took to it like a merperson to water, others were taking their time due to either worry or careful examination. And then there were those who were sweating in panic and fear, blanking at each question thinking that this would be their end. Harry did his best, focusing as he worked He continued onto the first five questions, things he and Hermione had studied upon; he breezed through those, making sure he was clear in his writing as well. But then it got to the questions that REALLY got his mind grinding...This was some level of stuff he hadn't worked on before. It threw him for a loop, but he continued on, doing the best he could, like all the students around him...he was determined. In an hour everyone was finished with the written tests Now came to the hands-on portion of the tests, something that the majority of students could get behind. But still there were those like Neville, who were worried about this part. True when Harry taught Dumbledor's Army about Defence Against the Dark Arts he was quite good...but this part was a mixture of ALL classes. This was his specialty. Soon everyone was preparing to get home, knowing they would get a letter with their results within a week. If you where a Dropout you would be going to the Ministry, leaving home. You would essentially be the Ministry's property. Everyone else would have to wait till Hogwarts began Harry had invited Hermione around to his house, he needed the company. And Kreacher...he wasn't the best at it, though he was getting better. The two smiled, arriving at the house. Harry cooked dinner and set it before them, the two eating. But Hermione... She looked awkward, nervous "What's wrong Hermione?" Harry asked "Harry... Are you a virgin?" She asked, nearly making Harry choke on his water "W... What?" He asked in shock "It's just that... I am." She sighed "Ron and I... We... We kissed in the chamber of secrets but nothing came of it. We didn't... Work as a couple. He was too laid back and unmotivated while I'm..." "Hermione." Harry nodded "Exactly." She nodded "I... Harry... Before this 'Dropout' stuff happens, no matter the result... I don't want to be a virgin when we have the results." "So...We...Spend the night together." Harry answered seriously, but gently. Hermione nodded. Harry didn't answer back with words...So...He kissed Hermione; gently, passionately...He wanted to do this right. But like Hermione, he too was a virgin. He wanted to fulfil her wish. The two had been clumsy, awkward, unsure of what they were doing. "I. Umm...Is this...right?" Harry asked as he tried to enter Hermione "Yes." Hermione nodded, crying in slight pain There were no sensual movements. No real love making. It was two teenagers fumbling around, trying to