I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret,between the Shadow and the Soul ~Pablo Neruda I am Lord Voldemort Harry stared at those words in shock, refusing to believe that which he was seeing with his own eyes. He starred in horror, feeling himself shatter as he realized the person he had considered his closest friend and savior, was the very person who had orphaned him. The very same being who had almost been his murderer. He repeated those words over and over in his mind for what felt like an eternity, although only a few seconds had really passed. He could not comprehend that the Tom Riddle whom he had been confiding in for a large part of the year, the one he had come to care for deeply was in reality the monster he had been taught to despise. The only one who truly stood by him as the school turned against him in fear, was the one causing the problems in the first place. "Tom..I don't understand.", Harry stammered, hearing his voice crack with his flooding overwhelming emotions. "Lord Voldemort is my past, present, and future Harry." Tom's voice attempted to soothe, yet there was a cold underlying tone. Harry shook his head, "But we..." Tom, no Voldemort , looked at him, eyes softening and mouth curling in a small smile, "All that was between us was no lie. I meant all that I said to you. Our friendship was true. " Tom looked down, his voice dropping to little more than a whisper, "Please believe me.." To his dismay, Harry felt tears flooding his eyes, causing his vision to blur, "You tried to kill me when I was a baby, then again in my first year! Now you expect me to believe it was real?! Not just some trick? You expect me to be okay and believe you? When you're standing there killing Ginny! Using her to hurt others!" Tom shot him a quick glare, "What do you expect? As of right now I am nothing more than a Ghost, a memory. To continue our friendship I need to be stronger. I need a body. I need to LIVE!" Harry flinched, but stood his ground, "No, not like this Tom. I can't if you do this." Tom paused, considering his words. Calmly he replied, "If I spare her, will all be forgiven? Will you allow me to prove myself to you...?" Harry felt a flicker of hope and immediately nodded, all caution thrown. Tom sighed then responded resigned, "Very well, but you must help me find another way to regain myself, I don't wish to leave you." Harry truly doubted he'd be able to help Tom gain a body, or join the other part that flew out of Quirrel last year, but he agreed;eager to appease his friend, desperate in his desire, to keep his Tom. Tom stepped over Ginny's body and stood before him, still a few steps away, "Before I give her back the life force I have..borrowed-" "Stolen" Harry cut in quickly, still rather annoyed. Rolling his eyes, lips twitching in amusement, Tom continued as if he had not been interrupted, "borrowed, there is something I have been meaning to tell you for a while now, however, I fear it would be best to show you, as you have placed me in this position where I will not likely have the opportunity to do so in the near future." Tom closed the remaining distance between them. He then raised his hand and lightly held Harry's cheek. Harry turned his head into the soft hand, marveling at the fact he was able to feel his friend, touch him who had been nothing but comforting words on a page, written when alone and no one was around. Tom then embraced Harry and held him close murmuring. "How I have longed to do this all year. Aching to hold you, to shield you from the cruelty of your fellows." Harry returned the gesture, holding onto Tom almost painfully tight, aware that this may be the first and only time he would be able to hold his friend. "It was enough knowing you cared..." Harry replied softly. Tom, pulled away and walked towards the statue of his ancestor. Without turning around he spoke, "We must create a credible story. No doubt, someone will suspect my presence here. Now what to do..." quickly he spun around and smirked at Harry while he waved a hand, and to Harry's surprise, next to them laid the body of a slayed Basilisk as well as a damaged replica of the Diary. "Of course we need a story befitting a hero such as yourself. You came here only to confront a young but very dashing man who claimed he was Voldemort, who then summoned the great beast of Salazar himself. You managed to defeat the beast with a bout of incredible wandless instinctual magic, then destroyed the diary with a fang, and managed to save the young fair maiden. You can give the replica to them as proof" Harry raised an eyebrow. "You expect people to actually believe a twelve year old single handily defeated a basilisk and a young Voldemort as well?" Tom laughed and replied, "Well, you are the boy -who -lived, if anyone could do it, it would be you." His laughter faded as a somber look appeared on his face, "I am afraid that means this is goodbye for now, we will only be able to communicate as before, via the journal." Tom walked back over to Harry and placed his hands on Harry's shoulders pulling him towards him slightly. "One last thing.." he whispered, before leaning in and gently brushing his mouth against Harry's. Shocked and eyes wide, Harry was stunned yet surprisingly felt warm and pleased. A part of Harry wanted to recoil in confusion, however a much larger part of Harry, felt his heart race and head spin as those soft lips returned once more, placing a slight more amount of pressure before pulling away all together. Harry brought a hand up to gently touch his lips as he looked down embarrassed. Feeling his face heat up quite a bit, he was at a loss for words. He looked up and felt his heart skip a beat at the tender expression upon Tom's face. He realized that the supposed betrayal had hurt him so, because not only did he care for his friend, he loved him as something more. Not truly understanding his own emotions he simply gazed at Tom attempting to wordlessly convey his feelings. Tom seemed to understand as he smiled and simply said, "I know", before disappearing, flowing back down into the journal. He picked it up, and hid it in his robes. He then moved to Ginny as she awoke with a jolt and immediately began to ramble, explaining her innocence and how she had been possessed. "Riddle made me Harry!" Harry smiled and assured her, she needed not explain herself to him. Together they made their way out of the tunnels until they reunited with Ron and the still obliviated professor. As he looked up, wondering how they were going to get out, he heard a voice whisper, "Just say up in Parsyltongue." Harry did so and to his surprise a staircase appeared, which they followed back to the world above. As they climbed out and left the bathroom, they walked through the corridor only to be bombarded by the other professors who proceeded to lead them up to McGonnagall and Dumbledore. As they entered, Mr. and Mrs Weasley raced towards Ginny and proceeded to smother her with hugs. "We were so worried!" Harry then began to explain all that had 'happened'. He was pleased that they all accepted the story Tom had come up with. After he finished Dumbledore spoke, "And how was it that Voldemort managed to posses young Miss Weasley here, when I have heard he is traveling somewhere in Albania?" Harry replied, "With a diary, he appeared as Tom Riddle." Ginny confessed to having been writing in the Diary for a large part of the year, explaining how Riddle had made her command the beast, write messages on the walls, kill the chickens and such. "Ginny, what have I told you? Don't go trusting something that can think for itself, if you can't see where it keeps it's brain?!" Mr. Weasley shouted. "Where is this Diary Harry?" Dumbledore asked. Harry looked down attempting to look upset and weary as he changed the plan a bit, not wanting them to have even the replica, "I left it in the chamber" "Well then come with me and we shall retrieve it." Just as he was about to make his excuses, Professor McGonnagall protested for him, "Surely this is not necessary Albus? To send him back after all that has happened! I'm sure that there is no danger in leaving it there." A flash of annoyance graced Dumbledore's face before he sighed and replied, "Very well, then all that is left is to award you both Awards of Special Services to the School as well as 200 points each for your bravery. I also believe a feast is called for" Ron was burning red as he spoke, "But we broke so many rules! You said if we did we would be expelled." Dumbledore smiled at them both, "That just goes to show that even the best of us often eat our words." He dismissed Ron but asked young Harry to stay. "Did Tom say anything to you my boy?" Harry hesitated before speaking, "He said we were alike..but I'm a Griffindor although.. the hat did wish to place me in Slytherin." Dumbledore shook his head, "You may posses certain qualities of Slytherin such as; ambition and pride, yet I have always believed that it is our actions that make us who we are. The two of you have similarities, yet you are very different." Harry pondered this as he tried to keep his features from revealing his thoughts. No, we're more alike then you think. We've both been through so much, faced similar horrors. No one could ever understand us, the way we understand each other. The hat said Slytherin would help me on my way to greatness. Now I realize that it was not just the house, but the heir himself. I, no we, will be great. Just wait Dumbledore Before Harry could respond, the door opened with a bang, as none other than Lucius Malfoy himself entered with Dobby. Lucius questioned Dumbledore's reappearance, threatened them both vaguely, as well as denied having any part in the events of the year. Just as he was about to leave Harry spoke. "Don't you want to know how Ginny got hold of that diary, Mr. Malfoy?" said Harry. Lucius Malfoy looked at him "How should I know how the stupid little girl got hold of it?" he said. "Because you gave it to her," said Harry. "In Flourish and Blotts. You picked up her old Transfiguration book and slipped the diary inside it, didn't you?" He saw Mr. Malfoy's white hands clench together. "Prove it," he hissed. "Oh, no one will be able to do that," said Dumbledore, smiling at Harry. "Not now that Riddle has vanished from the book. On the other hand, I would advise you, Lucius, not to go giving out any more of Lord Voldemort's old school things. If any more of them find their way into innocent hands, I think Arthur Weasley, for one, will make sure they are traced back to you. …" Lucius Malfoy stood for a moment, and Harry distinctly saw his right hand twitch as though he was longing to reach for his wand. Instead, he turned to his house-elf. "We're going, Dobby!" He wrenched open the door and as the elf came hurrying up to him, he kicked him right through it. Harry stood for