Disclaimer: This work was immensely inspired by the experiment "First Kiss" by Tatia Pilieva who, just as the premise in this fanfiction, made strangers kiss in front of a camera. You can find it on youtube (I highly recommend it!). The THG universe belongs to Suzanne Collins. The biggest thanks to Lou for working her magic once again and making my mess readable! You are the best! I stand within the small white chalk circle drawn on the floor that Delly, the self-proclaimed head of this project, had pointed to. It's a dull grey-ish linoleum with equally dull pink and puke green specks. The walls around me hardly look any better as white spots adorn the chipped light grey walls. Like almost every other room in the science building, this room is in desperate need of a new coat of paint and to be honest, they could have hardly chose a worse … stimulating location for the experiment. We are alone in this half of the room, we are on the spot, he and I, highlighted by a spotlight to make up for the fluorescent lamps on the ceiling. He doesn't seem affected at all, on the contrary, to me he radiates self-confidence from the rolled up sleeve of his shirt to the well-worn Converse and the slightly crooked smile that graces his lips. Only the repeated tousling of his ash blond hair that is just a tad too long betrays his seeming easiness. Even though it doesn't change anything about my distress, at least it makes me feel a tiny bit better that I am not alone with that. pI don't know where to look. I feel like I cannot look at him knowing what we are about to do and I also refuse to look at the camera or the people on the other side of the classroom. It is bad enough knowing they are there to observe our every interaction. I didn't need confirming what my vivid imagination was already painting me: Madge's smug grin, her friend Delly's bubbly enthusiasm and the stoic calm of that New Grunge looking camera guy whose name I didn't catch. I'd rather call them predators. p"Start any time you want!" Delly encourages as if we didn't know. pIt is warm in here, but I am also cold and most of all I feel trapped in a situation that I have been talked into. Worst of it is that it is my own stupidity because I had only given in to make Madge shut up for the sake of my sanity. "Katniss?" Peeta calls out softly pulling my attention to him. It's the first time that he has really spoken with me and there is a light drawl in his voice. He moves over with a footfall that seems too heavy for his smooth movements. He flashes a smile at me that looks more like a nervous twitch of his mouth before he enters the circle that measures what I think is 18 inches in diameter. That 18 inches that mark a person's intimate zone and I can definitely feel him intruding mine. We are not touching, at least not yet, but even so it is uncomfortable to have him this close, to smell a hint of cinnamon that certainly belongs to him, to hear him take a deep breath. A nervous laugh escapes my mouth as I shift onto my other foot. I promised Madge that I would try, I tell myself. I haven't kissed anyone in a while. What if I really am a bad kisser like I was always told? Then there would not only be another witness but also a damn video proof. He steps even closer and smiles at me. I guess this is Peeta's way of trying to be reassuring but honestly only shows his nerves. Maybe that's his way of dealing with the … stage fright. I take a step back shaking my head. No, I am not cut out for this. "Katniss," Peeta asks more than he says it again with a soothing voice and closes the gap between us again. This time with a look in his eyes that says that we will be fine, but I gulp down though. Now it's only inches separating us and I can feel his body heat enveloping me. Softly he pries free my fingers that have somehow entangled themselves tightly into the hem of my shirt. His hold on my wrist is loose and he lets go when I pull it towards me losing the warmth and the tingle of his touch on my skin. Though his eyes meet mine for the shortest moment, I cannot hold his gaze and study his footwear instead. His black Converse are well worn, the threadbare laces have greyed with age and dirt and are close to the point of breaking despite the double-knot that desperately tries to hold them together. "Put your eyes on me," he whispers and I get the feeling that he wants to guide me through this experiment that my friend Madge and her psychology study group called "kiss a stranger". There obviously hadn't been enough volunteers so in the name of science and her final grade she bribed me with the promise of a weekend spent hiking in the mountains next month after finals are over for her. I have taken time off work for that. Madge can be very convincing if she wants to and that is how I find myself here, very much outside of my comfort zone about to kiss a stranger who I was introduced to as Peeta Mellark, a "good-looking keeper kind of guy" according to Madge. The most remarkable thing about him are his looks. He is probably one of those people who look great without even trying. There is no reason why he should help me do this, why he should want to do this. Maybe he just wants to get it over with like me because he too may not be here by choice. For a moment, not knowing what I was looking for or what I was expecting, I let my eyes meet his again. I see lighter blue specks dotting his otherwise cobalt eyes, I see his pupils dilating when they adjust to the light. The soft crinkles in the corner of his eyes tell me that his smile is genuine and the lump in my throat isn't getting any smaller. Looking past him to the grey wall behind him is easy, ignoring his cinnamon smell with the hint of something else that hits my nostrils is much harder. Someone is coughing on the other side of the room and I flinch. Unlike me, Peeta doesn't seem fazed by it. "It's only a kiss," he says and his smile disappears, giving him now a serious expression. If I didn't know it better, I'd think he looks worried. "I know," I answer in a meek voice. But a kiss is intimate , I want to say, and I don't know you . "Put your eyes on me," he coaxes again even gentler this time. He sounds so sincere, so likeable and I can't help but notice that he puts himself out here to help me, a stranger. He reaches for my wrists again and this time, I don't flinch when his palm grazes my skin or when his thumbs draw light circles on my wrist. Another few seconds pass, or maybe it's only a split second, until he tugs me closer gently, until we are only a hair's breadth apart. Standing so close in front of him I realize he has the perfect kissing height for me. Tall, but not too tall. I shouldn't think this. I feel his hands gliding down my palms. His touch is light, barely there like before, but yet I feel it so very clearly. Then his fingers interweave with mine. "Your fingers are cold," he mumbles and his breath caresses my face. "And yours are warm," I retort, it's certainly not the smartest things I've ever said but it's the only thing that came to mind and he doesn't comment on it. His head bends forward as he closes the last bit of space between us. He lets his forehead rest against mine. This little tender gesture feels so foreign to me, so intimate and yet I cannot help wanting him to never stop. When he rubs his nose against mine, I close my eyes as a shiver runs uncontrollably down my back. His mouth is so temptingly close to the corner of my own that I can almost feel him. He squeezes my hands for the tiniest moment before his lips finally touch mine. They are soft, so amazingly soft, and taste just like him, like cinnamon with a hint of something else. I feel his mouth broaden to a smile on my lips when I hesitatingly start kissing him back. Without me noticing, he had let go of my hands to embrace me and I can feel his body heat everywhere. Up front, where his lean body melts into mine, on my back where his hands rest, holding me safely against him. And under my fingers that roam his back before they start playing with a strand of hair at the nape of his neck. But most of all, I feel it on my lips, which he nibbles on until I open them to grant him full access. For this one moment, I feel nothing but his tongue caressing mine, his stubble scratching against my chin and his hands now cradling my face. I lean into his touch seeking the warmth and the safety that he spreads into me as his thumbs caress my cheeks. He makes me feel alive with the way his tongue teases mine and again I feel him smile against my mouth. I hear his ragged gasp and a barely audible moan that I think must be mine. Slowly he breaks our kiss and reluctantly I let go too. We face each other, my hands clutching at his chest, his still cupping my cheeks where he still draws lazy circles. The heat is rising in my cheeks when I suddenly snap back to reality and realize where I am and how many people just witnessed our kiss while he made me forget the world around us. How quickly I had slipped into the moment. Peeta's face is all smiling warm and sweet, a smile that I almost wish was meant just for me. I peel his hands from my face and a strange look flickers across his features that I cannot identify. I feel the loss of his warmth immediately. "That was nice," he utters in a tender voice. "Hm" is all I manage in reply. A strand has obviously loosened from my braid that he now tucks carefully behind my ear and this is too much, too intimate. I don't want my mind tricking me into believing that it is real when it isn't. I need some space but he reaches out for my hand when I step back. What is this with this guy and hand-squeezing? "Don't be embarrassed," he tells me, but it is easier said than done, especially after seeing that self-contented smirk on Madge's face. With that the last bit of our moment bursts and I drop his hand immediately. Cold settles in. Then Delly breaks the silence. "Thank you! This is so different than that what the others have shown!" She beams at us and gives me an overly enthusiastic thumbs up. "I knew why I wanted Peeta in this," she adds, clapping her hands together gleefully. My whole posture goes rigid. Great, this makes me feel so much better. What if he was chosen for me for the very reason that he could make me move out of my comfort zone?. Is that his reputation? Who is this guy? I try to remember if Madge ever mentioned