If you recognise it, it's not mine. They all had nightmares. It was part of a demigod's job description. But nightmares were not supposed to hurt you. They were not supposed to leave you trembling and stumbling, unsure of your own continued existence. They were supposed to go away when you woke up. But these ones didn't. Nico was alone in the Hades cabin, which was usually how he preferred things. In a way, it was probably best that there was nobody there to see him wake up gasping and choking on air, to see him fall to his knees when he tried to stand. His nightmares had always been worse than others. Maybe it was because he could move through dreams, maybe it was because he was a son of Hades, maybe he was just unlucky. They started when he was ten years old, when they- he and Bianca- arrived at Westover Hall. The huge building with its military routine didn't scare him, but something about Dr Thorne sent cold shivers down his spine at night. The teacher paced his dreams like a cat stalking a mouse. When Grover came, befriended them, asking how they were, Nico didn't say anything. He shuffled his Mythomagic cards, and pretended everything was fine. Things only got worse when Bianca left him. He'd never been away from her for more than a few hours at a time, and now he was left to be wedged in the Hermes cabin between a pair of mischievous twins who stole his cards and pranked him while he slept. Dr Thorne, or whatever he'd become, spun in his head, merging with the girl falling from the cliff, and Percy standing in front of him, sword raised, as if he could do nothing wrong. He promised to keep them both safe as Bianca left on her quest. Bianca never came back. Percy told him what had happened, trying to be kind, but all Nico could think of was 'you promised'. He ran away, and when he eventually stopped, he dreamed of lost sisters and skeletons rising from the ground. That year the ghosts came to him as he wandered the labyrinth. They told him who he was. They gave him a sword, taught him to use it. And Nico still had the nightmares. He wasn't frightened of Dr Thorne anymore. He had worse demons, the sort which became stronger with every new degree of his power he discovered. Then Percy came again and saved him again, and sometime after that, Nico realised that his feelings went somewhat further than awe or gratitude or hatred. And that scared him more than any monster. When Nico was very young, he had been out with his mother and sister. They had seen a young man being shoved down a flight of stairs into the street, angry screams following him until the door slammed shut. The man didn't try and re-enter the house. He simply sat on the edge of the street, a blank expression on his face. Bianca wanted to go and help him, but their mother wouldn't let her. "But Mama, he looks so sad. Why is he sad, Mama?" "Because," she'd said quietly, so none of the people walking by on the street could hear her, "he tried to love another man." "But...love is nice," Bianca had said, eyes wide with disbelief. "Not that kind." And their mother had refused to say another word on the subject. The image of the young man sat in Nico's mind, surfacing for a nightmare every so often. Sometimes Nico only watched the scene. Sometimes it was him being shunned, abandoned. Either way he always woke up with tears on his face. When he helped Percy become invincible, he was expecting the nightmares. He had, after all, almost killed one of the few people who gave a damn about him. Helping to save Olympus was one of the best days of his life. He felt happy, something he hadn't known in years. Of course, he collapsed soon after the battle, drained from summoning dead warrior after dead warrior, but still. Friends. That was new. And then he went to Tartarus. Alone. He could have died a thousand times. He lived to wish that he had. Each day brought new horrors, each night fresh demons. The one good thing about being all alone in Hell was that nobody could see him cry. Nico made it out alive, barely, and after that everything happened too fast for him to think, to process. Cupid, Gaia, Jason, Percy, Will. Will. The son of Apollo, kind and caring. Nico had only felt that way about one other person, and this time he hoped that they maybe, maybe, felt the same way back. But even Will wasn't there all the time, and soon enough, when he had recovered enough to stop simply fainting at the end of the day, the nightmares came back. And so, barely a week after the battle, Nico di Angelo woke up in the Hades cabin with a scream on his lips and his heart pounding in his chest. Over the next few nights, they got worse, until he was hardly sleeping at all. Eventually, someone noticed. "Nico, are you okay?" His long, tanned hands grip his wrist gently, holding him back. "I'm fine. How are you?" "Worried." Will's clear eyes stare at him, and Nick can't help but blush. "You're white as a sheet. Are you feeling alright? You look like you haven't slept in days. I'll get Clovis to give you a sleeping draught." Nico tries to protest, but Will grips his arms and tugs him away to the Hypnos cabin and then to the Hades cabin, practically force-feeding him the sleeping draught. Don't go , Nico tries to mumble, but the potion is too powerful and he's already asleep by the time the door closes. He dreams of the young man being thrown down the stairs, of all the demons and monsters in Tartarus, far past the point where he would usually wake up. And then there's the new one. An overwhelming feeling of suffocation, curled in a cold, dark place, reaching for the last pomegranate seed, knowing someone will save him soon, Percy, Jason, anyone... And nobody does, and Nico jolts awake to the sound of the conch being blown for dinner, trying to stand and falling to his knees, retching over the cold floor. There's a knock on the door. "Nico? Are you awake yet? It's time to eat." Nico stands up shakily and opens the door. Will looks over him critically. "Are you sure you're feeling better?" he asks, although Nico hadn't said anything. "Yeah, I'm fine," Nico says back, already walking towards the dining hall. He's preoccupied, thinking about something other than the telepathic plates, and so he doesn't notice the pile of pomegranate seeds until he mechanically walks up to the brazier to give an offering to his father. He scrapes every last seed from his plate, shuddering. When he sits down again, concentrating so hard it gives him a headache, the plate fills with a simple sandwich, because any of his favourite foods would make him think of Bianca, and that wouldn't help anything. He isn't really hungry anyway. Later, Will tries to talk to him, but he claims he's tired, which he is, and walks away feigning going to bed, which he isn't. He winds up perched on the roof of the Hades cabin, far back enough for nobody to be able to see him from the ground. The wind nips at him through his jacket all night, bitingly cold, and stops him from falling asleep. By the time the sun rises in the distance, and people start to trail over to the pavilion for breakfast, he is shivering, but only slightly. At least there weren't any nightmares. The day passes much like the previous one, except Nico avoids...well, everybody. Will catches his wrist during archery, making him jump, the arrow he was nocking stabbing into the back of his hand. "Nico," and there it is again, the worried tone drawing out the syllables of his name, "is everything okay?" "No," Nico could say, and he could explain everything, and maybe it would get sorted out. But he doesn't. Instead he glances at the cut on his hand, blood dripping to the sandy floor, so he doesn't have to meet Will's eyes. "I'm fine. I just didn't get a lot of sleep last night, that's all." Will's brow furrows in concern, and he takes Nico's bow from his hands firmly, laying it down on the ground. "Your hand's bleeding." "Yes, it is," Nico replies. "And?" Will gives him a light shove towards the benches by the wall. He shouts something to one of the other Apollo kids, and follows him, picking up a med kit on his way. "Nico, if something's wrong...you can tell me, you know?" "I'm fine, Will." Will cuts the bandage neatly, then looks at him with wide, worried eyes. "You aren't acting like yourself." "What do you mean?" Nico asks, resisting the temptation to lean back against the wall and close his eyes, just for a little while, because he knows it wouldn't end well. "Well, you're avoiding people, you're hardly talking, you look tired all the time. You're pale and sort of...dull. You hardly noticed when the arrow cut your hand." "And?" Nico says, the word coming out harsher than he intended it to. "Will, ask anybody who knows me. Ask Percy, he's known me since I was ten. I am not sociable, I'm usually pale, I don't need to sleep that much. This," he gestured to himself with his free hand, "is completely normal, okay?" Will doesn't say anything, fastening the bandage without looking up. Then his eyes meet Nico's, and they are dark with something Nico has seen staring back at him from mirrors too many times for him to see without a stab of guilt piercing his chest. "I thought I was different, that's all. That you were different with me." He stands up and walks away, and Nico doesn't know whether to call after him or to let him go. He doesn't sleep again that night, or the next. By now, his body is insistently reminding him that he needs to sleep, that it's going to have had enough of this soon, but Nico ignores it. Until he stumbles during a spar, and Lou Ellen accidentally catches him across the upper arm with her blade, Nico forgets how to feel at all. "Oh gods, I'm sorry!" The shrill shout makes everyone look up for a second, but Nico waves the attention away. "I'm fine, it's just a scratch," he reassures the girl, who looks ready to burst into tears. "Really. I'm fine. See?" Lou Ellen peers at his arm and gasps again. "Nico, that's deep ! I'm so sorry! I didn't mean to, I swear, really, I just was expecting you to dodge..." Nico glances at the cut. Sure enough, it is deeper than he originally thought, tearing the thin fabric of his orange top (which still feels strange and foreign after so many years of neutral black) and leaving a steadily bleeding cut in its wake. A girl from Apollo cabin jogs over. Nico catches a glimpse of Will skulking in a corner, separating arrows into careful piles. "Here," the girl says, offering him a small chunk of ambrosia as she wraps a bandage over his arm. Nico takes it warily. It tastes of the delicate lotus flower biscuits from the Lotus Hotel. Nico thanks her quietly, amid another stream of apologies from Lou Ellen, and slips away quietly, pretending he doesn't see Will's sad, lost look following him. That night at dinner he's faced with a plate of steaming beef stew, and after a bit of manoeuvring and slopping at the brazier, Nico sits down and allows himself to remember the days when his