AN: Someone asked me to put an eating disorder trigger warning on this, which was something I didn't actually have in mind while writing, but consider yourselves warned. If you recognise it, it's not mine. The concert is sold out. It's a big hall, packed with screaming teenage girls, waving paper banners and phones like battle flags. The reason they're screaming has just skulked offstage, leaving his microphone and his guitar clumsily leaning against an amplifier. He's gone for twenty seconds, maybe thirty, and then he's back, clutching a bottle of water as an excuse. He slips his microphone on again and slings the guitar back over his shoulder, and he's off again, no speaking, just the aggressively strummed introduction to the next song. He starts to sing in a husky tenor like dark chocolate, and nobody notices that the bottle of water is unopened. This is the second time this has happened tonight, and it happens twice more before the end of the concert. The fourth time, Will is there waiting. He grabs the musician's shoulder as he slips backstage, ignoring the designer jacket and poisonous glare. "Are you okay?" he asks, even though he knows it's a stupid question. "Fuc-" The response is cut off by a choked retch, and Will has to jump back and let go to avoid the splatter of bile and water which lands on the floor by his feet. Nico di Angelo, one of the most popular teen stars this side of the Atlantic, is clinging to a spare amp and coughing his guts up. It lasts barely ten seconds before he's up and moving back out to the stage. Will doesn't try again during the concert, but afterwards, when Nico's trying to push his way through the crowd to the car waiting for him, he follows. One of the guards, a girl named Clarisse, gives him a cursory glance and then a nod as he ducks under her arm and takes Nico by the elbow, taking advantage of his skinnier frame to pull him through the crowd and into the car. Nico slumps against the tinted window, and doesn't seem to notice Will's presence for several seconds. When he does, he jerks upward with a wince. "What the-" he snarls, then relaxes as he recognises who it is. "Oh. It's you." "Yep," Will says. "Are you okay?" "Yeah, of course. I just need... I don't know, coffee or something." "You need sleep," Will corrects. "I do sleep." "On a bus between cities." "Your point being?" Will sighs. They've had this conversation before, several times. "People worry about you, Nico." "Well, they shouldn't." Will shakes his head and gives up. When Nico's in one of these moods, there's no getting to him. He'd picked that up over the last couple of months, as the tour had continued. As far as the young star's moods usually go, Will's doing well to still be in the car. When the tour had first started, Nico had thrown some sort of silent tantrum almost as soon as the concert finished. Nobody had been able to calm him down; even his manager, Reyna, had had to stalk off exasperatedly. Will had slipped into the room and shoved a can of coke and a bag of crisps from the vending machine into his hands. "What the hell am I supposed to do with these?" Nico had demanded curtly, turning his glare on Will. The effect was ruined slightly by the huge shadows under his eyes. "Eat them," Will had snapped. "You haven't eaten anything all day." He'd left after that, but amazingly, Nico had done as he'd told him, and from then on, Will had gained a reputation amongst the crew as a sort of miracle worker with the boy. "Have you eaten anything today?" Will asks, glancing at the hollows of Nico's cheeks warily. "No." Will sighs, and rummages in the coolbox in the car until he comes up with a bar of chocolate. "Here." "I'm not hungry." Before Will can say anything, his mobile buzzes in his pocket. A text from Reyna flashes up on the screen: what's he like? Will taps out a response quickly. difficult. won't eat. will he talk? Reyna asks, and Will glances at Nico, slumped against the window, staring out into the night. probably. A few seconds later, Nico's phone rings. He ignores it, but Will reaches for it and puts it on speaker. "Nico?" Nico grunts in response. "Look, you've been asked to do an interview tomorrow. We should be able to fit it in just before we have to leave, if you're ready for eleven." "And what if I don't want to?" Nico mutters, just loud enough for the phone to pick up. Reyna sighs. "Publicity is publicity, Nico. God knows we need it right now." "If you're going to bring up the whole Percy thing again-" Nico sits bolt upright, fury flashing threateningly across his face, and Will leans over and touches his arm gently, telling him to calm down. " I'm just saying, we need whatever we can get right now. We've got Piper in PR working her ass off to smooth things out, so for god's sake, don't screw it up." She hangs up with a sharp click, and there's total silence in the car for nearly a full minute. " Don't screw it up, Nico ," Nico mutters in a scarily good impression of Reyna. He snatches the chocolate out of Will's hand, tearing the wrapper off and taking a savage bite before continuing. "It's like they expect me to be a goddamn poster boy," he says bitterly. "All the time." Will doesn't say anything; he knows it's safer to just let him vent. Instead he reaches into the coolbox again and offers Nico a bottle of chilled water. Nico ignores him, talking over his head as if he's a piece of furniture. (Will's heard him doing that before, pacing up and down a hotel room at two in the morning, muttering to himself. Sometimes he considers going in. He never does.) "Don't screw it up," Nico says again, staring out of the window as the streetlights pass them by, alternately illuminating and dimming his face. He laughs harshly. "We're all completely screwed up here. Some of us just haven't realised it yet." Will watches as his face goes from light to shadow to light to shadow, and wonders what he means. They arrive at the hotel late, because of an accident on the bridge, and Will checks in for Nico. Nico's eyes are dark and alert, but his movements are sluggish and stiff. He locks the door of his room as Will pockets the spare key and heads back to his own room. This is the first night they've spent in a hotel for a while; maybe a week. Usually they're in the tour bus, and while that's a hell of a lot better than regular buses, it gets a little cramped after a while. Plus the bodyguard assigned to stay in there overnight with them snores. (Will's pretty sure he's really supposed to be staying in crappy motels or whatever like the rest of the regular crew, but the last time someone else tried waking Nico up they ended up with a black eye and a ridiculous fine for the broken lamp.) Will gets up the next morning at around seven, and waits until eight before unlocking the door to Nico's room and edging in warily. At first he can't see the other boy; the bed doesn't look like it's been slept in, but after a few seconds he sees Nico huddled on the floor, back pressed against a wooden cabinet. There are pieces of paper scattered around him, and a pen clenched in his hand. Will gathers up the papers as quietly as he can; they seem to be drafts of a new song. Then he shakes Nico's shoulder gently, dislodging his position against the cabinet so he falls to his side. He jolts awake immediately, and even though Will's done this a hundred times before, he still flinches at the sudden stiffening of the musician's body, the way his eyes shoot wide open and stare without seeing for several seconds. "We need to be gone by ten," Will says curtly. Nico's still dressed in the clothes he was wearing last night, and he smells of sweat and exhaustion. "It's eight now." He holds out the sheaf of papers and Nico snatches them hurriedly, sending a glare at Will as he retreats back to his own room. He turns up in the dining hall nearly twenty minutes later, dressed all in black. He hasn't bothered with his hair, seeing as one of the stylists will probably do it for him in an hour or so. He nods wordlessly in response to the sole greeting he gets, from Frank, the nicest of the security guards, and collapses into a chair at the opposite end of the table Will's at. He's holding the biggest mug of coffee Will has ever seen, and as he raises it to take a scalding mouthful, Will looks him over. His t-shirt is hanging off his shoulders, and his fingers look unnaturally long and thin clasped around the mug. There's dark circles under his eyes. "Did you sleep at all last night?" Will mutters, just loud enough to be heard. "Yeah." Nico sounds bitter, as if he regrets it. "When?" "Dammit, I don't know, Solace," Nico snarls, (he hasn't ever called Will by his name, and sometimes Will doubts that he even knows it.) "I was busy," he says, and Will remembers the sheets of scribbled words. "I wasn't exactly timing when I slept. Anyway, you know I slept. You woke me up." Will shrugs, and glances down at the newspaper he grabbed from a corner shop when he went out for a run. The front page has something about a shipping accident somewhere off the coast of Cuba, but a few pages in is an article about last night's concert. Will has to hand it to the media: they're quick, and they've even got a couple of half-decent photos in it as well. He scans the article quickly. The second-to-last paragraph catches his eye. "Since di Angelo was catapulted onto the music scene barely two years ago, his career has gone from strength to strength. But can the same be said for his health?" There's a photo of Nico aged around fifteen, from when he was first spotted playing in a charity event. He's still skinny, dressed in a similar way to his current look, and maybe a little shorter, but the main difference is in the contours of his face, which suddenly seem so much sharper. Will frowns and keeps reading. "Di Angelo has always been thin, but these days it seems to be going too far. Is he simply overworking himself, or is it more serious? There's only so many times he can tighten his guitar strap over his shoulders, and he appears to be reaching the limit. Fans attending recent concerts have noticed his tendency to slip offstage frequently, coming back within seconds looking rather the worse for wear. We here at Oracle Magazine know the signs, and hope that he isn't falling into the trap set for too many young stars, when it all becomes a little too much." Will sets the magazine down and does his best to look Nico over without staring. He agrees that Nico's far too thin, nowhere near a healthy level. His wrists look like he could wrap one hand around them, all taut white skin and skeleton, and Will wouldn't be surprised if he could count his ribs. Nico sees him staring and raises an eyebrow. "May I?" he says, taking the magazine without waiting for an answer. His eyes skid over the article, and he flings it down and stalks out of the room without a word. Will