If you recognise it, it's not mine. At this point, Annabeth isn't even surprised. Shocked, yes, and frustrated and disappointed, but surprised? Nah. They're all at the private showing of an art exhibition Rachel's featured in- she had a bunch of free passes, and the free passes all had plus ones attached, so there's a good ten demigods/satyrs/dryads come to see the art. They're all dressed up- kind of- and they're relaxed and having a nice time. So of course weird stuff happens. Rather than wandering around the gallery in a clump, they've all paired off. She's distracting Percy with little games- how many paintings have blue in them, how many have fish in them- because he loves Rachel, they all do, but abstract/surrealist fusion isn't really his thing, and there's a snooty-looking woman who's almost certainly judging him every time he glances wistfully at the food table at the far end of the hall. Jason and Piper are messing around a little, trying to copy the poses of one of the sculptures, Frank and Hazel- mostly Hazel- are talking to Rachel about her painting, Grover and Juniper are arguing over the species of trees in a set of woodland scenes, and Nico and Will are just kind of wandering around together. Maybe it's that she and Percy have been away for several months in New Rome, or maybe it's the fact that she hasn't actually ever seen Nico out in public (quests don't count, especially not for Nico). Either way, he looks so normal walking beside Will now, even if the son of Apollo appears to be demonstrating bandage-wrapping on his wrist, and she's so proud. She's actually about to distract Percy from his search for pictures including flowers just so she can point it out to him, when the weirdness starts. She wouldn't have noticed anything at first if she hadn't been watching them so closely. Nico freezes, standing incredibly still in the middle of the gallery. His eyes unfocus for a few seconds, and by the time Will's noticed and has whisked the bandage back around his own wrist, there's a terribly grim look on his face. "What's wrong?" she hears Will murmur from across the room. "Underworld stuff?" Nico nods. Annabeth grabs Percy's arm and starts moving, because this is Rachel's night and she's prepared to kill any monster that's planning on ruining it. Percy's confused at first, but then he follows her gaze and swears softly. They know better than most just how accurate Nico's underworld senses usually are, and it's not his fault, but they never mean good things. His hands are shaking when they reach them. "Someone's going to die," he says a little too loudly, but it doesn't matter. "I just felt it a few seconds ago, but it's soon, someone in here, and-" he breaks off when he realises Will's gone, sprinting across the gallery. "Will, what are you-" Two seconds later, there's a shriek from across the room, and they chase after him, but he's surprisingly fast, and by the time they get there he's already on his knees beside the body of a middle-aged man in a suit. "I'm a medical student," he snaps at the concerned questions from the crowd that's gathered around them. "You look like a teenager." The same woman who was glaring at Percy earlier tries to push forward, but Frank shifts a little- honestly, bless Frank and his passive-aggressive blocking abilities- and she thinks better of it. "Yes," Will says vaguely, and it's clear that he barely heard her. "I need everyone to get out of my way! Please-" He flaps a hand at them all distractedly, the rest of his attention on the man in front of him. "Do as he says," Nico adds, sounding strangely subdued, and Annabeth suddenly knows why. She's known for a few years now that Will can sometimes sense injuries just before they happen, the same way Nico can sense death. It doesn't take a genius to figure out what's going on when they both react at the same time. Will knows too, she can see it in the way he suddenly seems a thousand times older when his hands pause at the man's neck, but he's efficient and in control anyway. "Aneurysm," he says, and none of the mortals question how he knows that. "You-" he points to a trembling woman in a blue dress, probably the man's wife, "-call an ambulance." "Is he going to be okay?" the woman quavers when she hangs up the phone. Will's eyes are closed; his lips are moving slightly, and he's gone very pale. He doesn't answer. Nico does. "No," he says, softly, gently, like glass shattering to powder. The woman gasps, smearing her lipstick as she clamps a hand over her mouth. "Nico," Percy warns him, but he's looking at Will now, and Percy's words go unheeded. Annabeth's starting to worry, because she knows overuse of powers when she sees it, and there's a sheen of cold sweat on Will's forehead, his hands are trembling, his tongue is stumbling over whatever healing charm he's muttering over a dead body. "Will," Nico whispers. "Will, stop. You can't help him." "I," Will grits out, snatched words between the Greek, "can try." "No, you can't," Nico snaps, and Annabeth is reminded of the few times she's seen Will get properly angry, forceful and snappish and commanding. There's something of that in Nico now; not his usual dark, dangerous fury, but a different sort of anger, something fuelled by concern. "Young man, I don't know what you think you're doing, but-" Someone else, a pompous older man who might be the father of one of Rachel's friends, Annabeth isn't sure who, pushes his way out of the crowd, grabbing Will roughly by the shoulder and jerking him away from the body. Will cries out in shock before slumping to the floor, exhausted, and Annabeth can hear the sigh of relief in Nico's breath even as he growls at the man to let him go. He drops to his knees at Will's side, lifting him to a loose sitting position. Will's head lolls drunkenly, but it's the white-knuckle terror on Nico's face that makes Annabeth's throat close up sharply, because at this point it takes a lot to scare a demigod, and Nico more than most. "I think you should leave," Rachel says to them then, glamorous in her green dress and gloriously unruffled despite the fact that a man just died in the middle of her exhibition. "Don't worry. I'll handle things." Annabeth could have kissed her. Will looks like he wants to protest, and also like he's about to pass out, but Nico takes his elbow and hauls him up, and Percy slings Will's other arm over his shoulder, and the whole ragged group of them make their way out of the gallery. "He really is a medical student," Annabeth can hear Rachel explaining behind them. "A prodigy. He's just got some... sensory issues?" She can feel a wry look that's more of a grimace than anything else cross her face as she looks at the two boys in front of her. They look so young, suddenly- the bandage has come loose from Will's wrist, trailing along behind them until Nico scoops it up and pockets it with one shaking hand. "I'm taking him straight back to camp," he says bluntly when they get outside, and although everyone protests, because Nico's as rattled by what just happened as everyone else and probably shouldn't be shadow travelling, he seems set on it until Will tugs limply at his elbow and whispers something that makes his face twist fiercely for a second before settling into quiet resignation. Annabeth ends up sitting next to them at the back of the van they borrowed from Argus for the night. Percy's driving; she, apparently, is too much of a shotgun driver to be anywhere near him, so Grover and Juniper have taken the other two front seats; Jason, Piper, Frank and Hazel are in the middle row, Hazel curled up on Frank's lap; that leaves Annabeth, Nico and Will in the back seats, not that the two boys seem to have noticed she's there. "Gods, Will," Nico's muttering. "You tell me not to overextend my powers, and then you go and pull something like this?" The worry-anger is in his voice again, choking his words. "I had to help," Will mumbles back. He's slumped in his seat, held up more by the seatbelt than his own body, and more by Nico than the belt. "I had to try." "You can't try to bring people back from the dead!" Nico snaps suddenly, his voice cracking mid-sentence. Percy swears and swerves abruptly, jostling everyone sideways. "You just can't," Nico continues in a harsh whisper, ignoring the fact that Will is now more in his lap than out of it. "You idiot, Solace. I could feel your life force draining, you know that?" He starts running his fingers through Will's hair almost absently, the same way Will was fidgeting with the bandage earlier. "You knew he was going to die," Will murmurs at him. Nico takes a deep, shuddering breath. "Yes, I did," he says eventually. "The same way you knew it was coming." There's silence for a minute, so absolute that Annabeth's afraid Will's passed out altogether, until Nico's hand stills on his head, and he asks so softly she barely catches it, "You want me to say if it happens again?" Will barely hesitates before answering. "No. I... I need the hope, Nico." There's something so haunted in that phrase, and it breaks Annabeth's heart to hear the tears in his voice when he repeats it. "I need the hope." A few minutes after that, Will makes a soft keening noise between his teeth, and Nico inhales sharply. "Will," he hisses. "Will, what do I do?" Annabeth fishes for one of the stashes of ambrosia she knows Argus hid everywhere, but Will shakes his head. Even in the dim light, she can see how horrifyingly pale he's gone; he's shaking badly, breathing unevenly through gritted teeth. "Will-" Nico says again, and cries out when Will slumps bonelessly against him. His fingers flutter uselessly against his face, his neck, his chest, and he turns to Annabeth like he's just realised she's there. "Will, please-" "He's probably in shock," Annabeth tells him gently. "You know what that is?" She feels slightly sick when Nico nods, because of course he does, but she's willing to bet that no-one ever tried to help him before. No wonder he doesn't know what to do. "Just... just hold him," she manages. "Hold him and don't let go." Nico's almost crying, she can hear it in his breathing, so she turns away and watches the streetlights pass until they vanish into the night, and the van finally pulls up at Half-Blood Hill. Jason leans into the back to help Nico manoeuvre Will, barely conscious, out of the van while Percy explains the fiasco of an evening to Chiron in a low voice. Nico keeps glancing between the infirmary and the Hades cabin, and eventually picks the latter, Will cradled awkwardly in his arms. Hazel watches them go, huddled into Frank's side like a cat sheltering from a storm, and Annabeth has never seen anyone look so heartbroken. "Beach?" Percy suggests after a minute. Chiron nods- half of them are Roman, and the rest aren't children anymore, so they don't need to worry about the harpy-enforced curfew. They don't speak until they get there, spreading a blanket Piper fished out of the van on the ground and huddling together on the sand. There's a few minutes of silence while Percy somehow gets as close to as many people as he can, seeking physical contact as if he's checking they're all there. "Nico knew it was coming," he says eventually, staring out at the sea. The waves