Many thanks to SueBee0619 & RoseArcadia for dusting off their fanfic dancing shoes and stepping onto the floor with me, and to Nicffwhisperer for holding my hand. I don't own Twilight... do people still write that? Now, without further ado... Chapter 1 There once was a fair maiden christened Isabella, who lived in the hamlet of Bryn Athyn in the kingdom of Line on the Main. Isabella lived with her father, Charles Swan, a gentle widower who ministered to those taken ill in their small village and in the cottages in the yonder woods. A fair and modest man, Charles Swan also worked with his daughter to tend to their home, their livestock, and the small garden patch and orchard where they grew their vegetables and fruit. In the evenings before Isabella closed her eyes in sleep, she would lie awake and talk with her father and they would tell stories to one another - fairy legends and more spontaneous yarns born from long days of labor and overactive minds. They would discuss the world and the skies beyond in terms Charles worried might be taken for either mutiny or blasphemy were they overheard by lord or friar. Most cherished by Isabella were stories of her mother, who passed before she was one year on this earth. Isabella's mother, Renee, had been remarkable indeed, but her surviving husband expounded on her mother's knowledge and virtue, and so Renee Swan grew to mythic proportions in Isabella's mind's eye. An imposing and learned individual, Renee became a role model whose greatness Isabella could only half hope to aspire to. As Isabella grew in height, her father watched as she likewise grew in knowledge, compassion and beauty. He caught glimpses of his wife in the arc of his daughter's neck, her chestnut curls, and in the reason of her mind and brightness of her intellect. He was saddened that this foretold that she would one day leave their cottage and make a new life of her own. If he could have, Charles Swan would have protected and provided for his daughter forever, but a woman kept for selfish reasons could never find her life's true purpose, nor would her heart sincerely love. For her part, Isabella could not imagine that she would find need to leave her father and his home. She knew that her father would support whatever she chose as her life's pursuit, and this security and strength was perfect. She grew impatient when her father would suggest another home, another hamlet, another man in whom she might find love. Her father saw the signs in her body, and she rebelled against it; tightly lacing her bodice to flatten her chest, hiding her hips under aprons and smocks, and keeping her monthly blood as her first and only secret from her father. One crisp autumn afternoon, Isabella was taking her time as she tended to the ripening gourds in her garden. The sky above her head shone in rich turquoise with streaks of clouds silvered by the rays of the slanting sunlight. Leaves rustled overhead like bright fire in tones of deepest orange and bruised red. Leaning against the low stone wall that enclosed their patch of land, Isabella closed her eyes and fancied that she felt the tilt of the earth beneath her feet as foretold by the crisp, autumn wind. She let her mind open, wandering, wondering if the change of season was as sweet in other villages, in other kingdoms, and whether there were worlds beyond the blue sky overhead that provided growing girls with the dazzle of color and sensation that she was gifted with today. "Excuse me, kind maiden." An unfamiliar and unexpected voice came from the direction of the lane. Startled, Isabella clutched the stones at her back, dropping the plump gourd she'd been handling. It burst at her feet and splattered golden pulp over the hem of her muslin gown. "I did not intend to startle your senses, kind maiden." Isabella looked up from the mess at her feet to find two gentlemen dressed in the kind of silk and velvet finery she had heretofore only dreamt about in the evenings when reciting fairy tales with her father. The older of the two gentlemen was tall and portly, with hair that rivaled the shining silver of the clouds. His eyes were of the gentlest blue, reminiscent of a spring sky in morning. His companion, who Isabella judged to be nearer to her own age, had buttery skin, eyes the color of clover, and bright hair emulous of the autumn glory in the trees overhead. "Why do you assume I am kind?" she asked the gentlemen. "Any maiden as pink-cheeked and pretty must certainly have a heart and manner to match," the older gentleman replied. The younger gentleman watched her carefully, with purpose bordering on insolence. Isabella felt her cheeks warming under their entitled inspection. "I do not truck with strange fellows, so I will give you no answer about my heart or manners, sir. Please excuse me while I go back to my work at hand. It seems we have one less gourd to lay up for the coming winter." Kneeling, Isabella picked at the pieces of rind at her feet. She certainly did not need to clean the garden floor, however she was unused to the open scrutiny of the traveling gentlemen and desired to disengage herself from the judgement hastened by their gaze. "Dear maiden, neither kind nor cruel, we are here seeking the services of Charles Swan of Bryn Athyn. We were directed to this cottage, but were not expecting to find such a beauty when we sought out a soul by the name of Charles. Please excuse my surprise and do not take offence at my admiration. It is a rare treat for one as aged as I to recall the ripe tenderness of youth." With her eyes trained on the ground and all of her body's humors rushing to her cheeks till she felt they might burst into flame, Isabella took a deep breath. She heard the younger gentleman sigh. "My father is the man you seek, Charles Swan of Bryn Athyn," she quietly admitted. "He is with the Missus Fallowell as she brings life into the world this autumn day." "At a birth bed? Yes, indeed, his are the services we are after." "Are you with child, or are you ill?" Isabella asked, chancing a glance at the gentlemen at the cottage gate. The royal blue and green velvet of their vests and knickers and the golden silk of their stockings complimented the colors of fall as if the two had aimed to make art of the day. They appeared neither peaked nor weak, although neither did they seem sturdy enough for the daily labor that life in Bryn Athyn entailed. "Thank the skies, neither applies to our condition. My horse has fallen and does not rise." "And how does this concern my father?" Isabella asked, confused. She glanced purposefully at the younger of the two and noticed that he suddenly found cause to gaze at his feet. The senior gentleman cleared his throat before he explained, "My son has a heart too soft for the man's body that he inhabits. He will not let me lay the matter to rest. So, we have come seeking succor for our steed." "But my father tends to people, not pets, good sir." "Why must a human's life have more value than any other good soul birthed into servitude, giving of her body without quarrel or complaint?" the son demanded of his father, fire alighting his cheeks, and also strange and green in his eyes. "Animals possessing souls?" Isabella asked. When the son glanced at her, she remembered she was still on her knees. This seemed strangely inappropriate, and she rose and faced the two unfamiliar gentlemen head on. "Please excuse my son's blasphemy and take no fear from it. The boy means well enough." Turning to his son, the man continued, "Edward, please contain yourself and your womanly vicissitudes. You risk angering these inhabitants with your unchristian theories, and then good Rosalie will surely be lost." "I am woman and yet have never harbored fanciful ideas about horses and souls, sir. These are certainly Edward's vicissitudes and not my own," Isabella countered, slightly off-put by the way her skin tingled when she pronounced the young man's given name. The older gentleman's lips turned up in smile, a playful glint in his eye. "Why couldn't a horse have a soul?" the young man asked sullenly. "And may I ask how we can be certain any of us has a soul?" Isabella challenged. "Father, I do not think we need worry about my blasphemy. We have happened upon a heathen." "I am no heathen, sir, I simply await proof of the existence of these souls. I have neither measured their size, nor hefted their weight. Science has yet to settle on a cipher." "Perhaps you are going at it wrong, miss. Souls are considered for their light, not their weight," the young man suggested. "A light mine eyes have never detected, yet they are daily dazzled by the honey-yellow sun," Isabella was quick to reply, looking heavenward, letting her face bask in the warm autumnal glow from the heavens above. "Ha! It's taken only nineteen years, an expedition and a broken mare for my son to meet his match," the older gentleman replied. "Now, is there anyone else about the cottage, my dear, so that we might find respite while we wait on your father's return?" "We are just the two of us, my father and I, and when he is gone there is but one. But give me your name as your bond and you may indeed wait inside these gates." Isabella was somewhat surprised at the eagerness of her invitation, but the whimsical conversation that had sprung up betwixt the trio was physically electrifying. She'd never before let her fancy run with anyone save her father on these, the queerest of her philosophies. Surely she could speak freely to a man who endowed an animal with a soul. "I apologize, dear maiden. My name is Carlisle Cullen of Center City, and this is my son, Edward." Isabella gasped, and if she had another gourd in hand, the hem of her dress would have been doubly sullied. Carlisle Cullen was Lord Protector of Line on the Main, a name that carried with it both the deepest respect and the deepest fear. He was known as a fair man, yet he kept order in the Kingdom with judgment both swift and severe. The lord had three sons, and Edward was his youngest. Emmett Cullen, the eldest, was a Knight that rode with the Green Army, and Jasper Cullen, the middle son, was a ship's Captain, conquering lands across the Distant Sea. Isabella would certainly have tamped down her capricious notions had she recognized the noblemen before her. She was aghast at her verbosity and insolence. "My lords," she mumbled, honoring the gentlemen with a hasty curtsey. "Dear maiden, please rise and grace us with your own given name." Isabella straightened her legs, but kept her eyes on the ground. "I am Isabella Swan of Bryn Athyn, my lord." "A name as lovely as your visage," Lord Cullen remarked. As he hesitated in the lane, Isabella realized that she must open the gate for her noble visitors. She hastened forward, unlatched clapboard, and stepped back to allow the gentlemen passage, still anxious, but also grateful that the fine autumn day had bestowed upon her both predictable beauty and an unexpected surprise. xXxXx The noblemen were pleased to avail themselves of the Swan's brown bread and butter, cold lamb and crisp apples. They politely refused both mead and plum wine in favor of cool well water, kept fresh with spearmint from her herb garden. Her father returned from the Fallowell birth bed bleary and