A/N: So, the first book in TOA (that's Trials of Apollo, Rick's brand new series!) is coming out in a few months (rumor has it that it's coming out on my actual birthday, so apparently Rick's going to be giving me my husband for my birthday - thanks, Rick!) and this is sort of me hoping that we get to see the right amount of Artemis we need. You should listen to the song before/while reading this (Dear Sister, Your Brother by Talain Rayne), but you don't necessarily have to. Hope you enjoy! Disclaimer: The rights of the song used go to Talain Rayne and the personalities of Apollo and Artemis in this fic belong to Rick Riordan (I guess? There's also some mention of scenes from The Titan's Curse, and those are definitely his). None of them belong to me. Come back old lights to childish fights Do you remember all the good times? "Oh, gods, Apollo, that was your worst one yet!" Artemis complained, looking up from where she was carving her name into the new bow she had gotten. Apollo looked up from his parchment, looking properly insulted. "Hey! I tried my best!" "Next time, when you try your best, don't try to lower the IQ of everyone on Delos by merely talking." Apollo frowned. In the back of his head, a voice was telling him that Artemis had stolen that line somewhere, but a larger, more interesting voice, was screaming, Get her bow! Which was exactly what an impulsive Apollo did. "Give it back, Apollo! You immature imbecile, you're gonnna break-" Apollo wondered if Artemis had the powers of telepathy too, because one moment he was chuckling as she chased him all over their front yard, and the next thing he knew, he was lying on the sand with a bow broken in half and his sister looking up at him with hateful and tear-filled eyes. Later that night, Apollo crept into their shared room when she had fallen fast asleep, positioned himself at the foot of her bed, and, with the new bow he had somehow acquired tucked safely into his arms, waited for sunrise to come so he could surprise her with the new bow and an apology. He hadn't, however, thought about the fact that maybe he would fall asleep before that happened, so when he woke up to a bright day and the bow still in his hands, he cursed silently, knowing Artemis was probably awake, and – Wait. Slowly, Apollo looked down to his right and grinned when he saw Artemis smiling as she slept snuggled up next to her brother. "Guess my apology's accepted." he whispered, moving her closer to get her more comfortable and falling back asleep. Oh, when we were young, And when we made fun, Of all those lovers making old rhymes "Apparently, someone's become a bachelor for life." Artemis said nonchalantly, sitting next to where her brother was positioned on the edge of a cliff. Apollo shrugged. "Not that I mean I'm swearing off the ladies. Sorry, lil sis, that's gonna take a miracle." "Exactly which is why I came here. I was wondering why you did so in the first place." Artemis confessed. "I was thinking." "That's dangerous." Artemis snickered Once again, Apollo had that nagging feeling that Artemis had stolen that same line from somewhere, but she was asking a question, so he decided answering it would be the sane option. "Anyway, I did it so that people wouldn't expect me to live up to my promises. If I'm going to go round lying to girls, might as well have someone other than you become my warning sign. Sort of a, 'Apollo doesn't really mean he'll love you for all eternity. He just does things like that and forgets later on.'" "Won't that lessen your appeal with females?" Artemis asked. "Countless gods have gotten mortals pregnant and left them to more terrible fates, but do they ever stop getting people who want a one-night stand with them? Nope. Which is weird, if you ask me, but hey, I'm not complaining." "Of course you wouldn't." Artemis sighed. Even without using their mental link, Apollo knew that his sister was fighting off the urge to punch him in the face. "It's an improvement in your case, I guess. At least you won't be breaking the heart of an innocent female you swore your loyalty to by going off with affairs with other women." "Exactly!" "But you'll still be breaking the hearts of other women who thought they would have something more than a one-night stand with you." Artemis snapped. Apollo shrugged. "I'd be telling them my identity beforehand so they knew what they were getting into, and to be fair I think that's enough of a warning sign with my reputation." Artemis sent her brother a bitter look. The sun god sighed, slinging an arm over her shoulder and squeezing it tight. "Look, sis, the ones intelligent enough to avoid and reject me will come running to you. They'll be under your protection. At least you'll be able to zap me for all eternity if I come running after them then." "That's somehow amusing." Artemis chuckled. Apollo grinned. "You're inflicting pain onto people who are jerks to women. Of course it's amusing." As I sail out into the sea, And these rocks burning beneath me, Oh "Are you sure about this?" "Yes, Apollo. "Aren't you going to back out?" "No, Apollo." "You know, there's no shame in quitting." Artemis groaned, pinching the bridge of her nose. "Apollo, we have been over this countless times. I. Am. Going. Hunting. Alone. " "Yeah, but couldn't you, I dunno, bring along your Huntresses?" "I could, but I don't need to." Artemis pointed out. "Look, I don't get the point!" Apollo exclaimed. "The Huntresses are women, they won't be bothering you, and you're like a sort of weird family! You don't need to hunt alone!" "Have you taken into consideration that I want to hunt alone?" Artemis snapped back. "Why on Earth would you want to do that?" "And why not? Father told me to capture this beast, I want to prove myself and I can do it alone." "Where you could get captured by who-knows-what? Not under my watch!" By this time, the twins were yelling at each other, and unbeknownst to them, an audience of immortal beings had gathered to gossip about yet another one of Artemis and Apollo's amusing bickers. What they didn't know was that this wasn't going to be any normal (or as normal as they could get) sibling fight. Something in Artemis snapped as she glared coldly up at her brother. "Why is it so hard for you to understand that I don't need your protection and that I'm capable of handling myself?! Gods, you are so frustrating!" Apollo felt like the world around him had stopped. Artemis' words kept repeating in his head. "Y-you're right." Apollo muttered. "What?" "You're Artemis, of course you can hunt alone." Apollo said, giving Artemis a small smile. "It's nothing you can't handle – hey, you've always been the better archer." An audible gasp could be heard throughout the room, Artemis' own included. Apollo prided himself on the fact that he was the better one at archery. He was the god of it, after all. But there he was, confessing that Artemis was better than him, in public. Apollo nudged her gently. "Well? What are you waiting for? Monster's not gonna hunt itself, unless you want me to hunt it down." Apollo watched as Artemis, in her pre-teen form, grinned hugely and bounded out of Olympus, ready to hunt the ferocious beast on her own. She was going to be okay. ...Right? Please say everything is okay Tell me we can go play Like we did when we were younger Oh, oh we'll sing and shout Lying on the ground Staring up at worlds beyond our own "Hello, ladies!" Apollo purred, giving the Huntresses his signature smile that he knew made ladies' knees go weak. "Apollo. Just on time to annoy me again." Artemis sighed from where she had been teaching some of the less educated girls how to fire their arrow precisely. She gestured to Thalia, who nodded and took over the lessons as Artemis walked over to where Apollo was waiting. "What do you want?" "You forgot?" Apollo echoed, looking genuinely hurt. Artemis had seen enough of his acting skills to see past all that, and instead rolled her eyes as she crossed her arms over her chest. "It's July 7! The seventh month of the seventh day?" "Yes, I know." "Um, Artemis. Seven. Something important is happening today!" "Apollo, unless you're referring to our hunt, which I doubt –" "Wait, what?" Apollo asked, putting up a hand to stop Artemis talking. "You arranged a hunt?" "On our birthday, yes." "You didn't forget!" "Of course not!" Artemis scoffed. "Exactly why I thought it was a perfect opportunity to break in some of my newest recruits." "Oh." Apollo said, visibly slouching. "I just thought –" "Apollo, we're immortal." Artemis slowly explained to her brother, as if he wouldn't understand. "Birthdays are mortal celebrations for a reason – they have to celebrate the fact they've gone through another year." It was silent for a moment, but then Apollo smiled, putting his shades back on as he said, "Well, I better get going then. Inform Hermes maybe I am up for that bar he was talking about. See ya, Arty." "Stop calling me that." "Good luck with that." Apollo snickered, before driving off into the sunset. The sun god had seen the look on the Huntresses faces as he left. They had seen what Artemis didn't, which was a feat in itself, but whatever. They wouldn't have the guts to tell Artemis, anyway. And would you save the stinging bee If it fell into the ocean? "Apollo!" Artemis exclaimed, sounding scandalized as her brother immediately embraced her as soon as he saw her. "No, no, shut up for once Artemis. Let this moment live." Apollo mumbled from where his face was buried in her hair. "Apollo, really, let go. Father needs me to report what I've seen." Artemis sighed. "Are you kidding me?" Apollo protested. "You've just returned and he's already bombarding you with shit he's too lazy to do himself?!" "Apollo!" "I mean it!" the younger sibling continued. "I know he's our father, but when he does shit like this, he's making me lose the tiny respect I have from him! Why can't he get someone else who isn't exhausted and traumatized to report to him?" "Because the only other people there were the half-bloods, and they're exhausted enough as it is." Artemis tiredly tried to explain to him. "Apollo, it's fine, I'm fine, okay?" "No, you're not fine. Artemis, nothing about what you went through is fine." Apollo growled. "Well, there's nothing you can do about it now, so might as well not get yourself into trouble so I'll have less to worry about." Apollo took one step backwards, as if Artemis' words had physically shoved him and glared him in the face. Even as Artemis started to physically show that she had regretted what she said, Apollo still felt like she had shot an arrow through his heart and that it was bleeding eternally. If she did, Apollo was certain that what he was feeling as of the moment would still hurt more. "Apollo, I-" "Artemis! There you are, Father has been looking all over for you, come on!" Athena exclaimed, dragging her sister by the arm. Artemis turned to protest, then turned back to tell Apollo she would talk to him later, but when she looked back the sun god was gone. And he never showed himself until she forgot about trying to talk to him. Yes, I would, I'd pull it out, Like a brother to a sister "Do something!" Artemis sobbed, hugging the