A/N: This one is completely AU and completely OOC-ish. No magic, no Hogwarts; I wanted to do something different with my favourite characters, so I pretty much wrote a story and dropped them in it. August had drawn to a close, summer was well and truly over and the autumn season that had barely begun was quickly turning into winter. Hermione ordinarily wouldn't mind, winter was her season; woollen hats and gloves, warm coats, fuzzy socks and hot drinks. And snow. She loved the snow. But right now, winter was the last thing on her mind. Right at this minute, nothing really mattered. The day had been grey and miserable everything had that cold, run down feel to it making the world feel old and unwelcoming. And when you lived in a town that was older than the earth itself, that was saying something. Her already tiny flat seemed even more cramped than usual; two bedrooms, a bathroom, kitchen and living room. That was the sum total of space she owned. It wasn't much, but at least it was all hers. She was sitting on the cushioned window seat, staring out the window, well, as much as she could stare out; the rain was pouring down, completely distorting her view. She hadn't left her flat for days. In fact, she hadn't changed out of her pyjamas for days. She was in serious need of a shower, but even that seemed like too much of an effort. Three days ago, she had been fired from her job at Flourish and Blotts book store for, let's just say, being too damned efficient and making her co-workers look bad. One of them, who shall remain nameless...Lavender Brown...decided that she'd had enough of looking bad and got her fired. She had been hauled into the manager's office and was told that in no uncertain terms that bullying was not accepted in the workplace. She had stared unbelievingly at Don Blotts, her boss, a somewhat stupid man, whose only reason for hiring Lavender was that he thought he might get laid. Lavender was your stereotypical air head; big boobs (possibly fake), blonde hair (definitely fake), short skirts, a tan the color of a Dorito and a brain the size of a walnut. Lavender had recently been dumped by her sugar daddy, her very rich, very prominent sugar daddy, whose wife had had enough of his extramarital affairs, and given him an ultimatum: Lavender or her. Naturally he chose the latter, and Lavender found herself in dire need of an income. She'd managed to convince Don to hire her, and apparently thought her job was to flounce around the store, doing little more than making puppy dog eyes at all the men - although to put a positive spin on it, at least more men in town were buying books. Lavender, Hermione was sure, had used this same tactic on Don, batting her eyelids at him and showing a little more cleavage than necessary when she told him that Hermione was controlling and wouldn't let her do any of the work she needed to do, and that she felt bullied. Hermione proceeded to tell Don, that the only reason she had to do Lavender's work was because Lavender wouldn't do it herself. "Well, Miss Brown is most upset." He told her. " Miss Brown ," Hermione gaped at him. In all the time she'd worked for him, not once had Don called her 'Miss Granger'. "Yes, Miss Brown has explained that she can't work to the best of her abilities with you here, making her feel inferior." Don looked incredibly proud, virtually high-fiving himself for using such a big word like inferior. Hermione rolled her eyes, wondering just how long he'd worked on this speech for, and retorted, "So, show her the door." "Now, Hermione-" he started, but Hermione raised her hand and cut him off. "Don, please do not tell me you believe her?" "She was very upset, Hermione, and I have no reason to think she was lying." Seven years she'd worked for this man. Seven years! And not once had she given him any grief. She turned up on time, worked weekends and nights when no one else would, had only taken leave when she had been forced to. She loved her job, and honestly felt like Flourish and Blotts Bookstore was hers, not Don's. Hermione both choked and laughed at the same time, "Wow," Hermione looked incredulous, "I guess she was showing more cleavage than I thought. This is total bullshit, Don, and you know it!" "I'm sorry Hermione, but I just can't have this kind of behaviour here. I will have to let you go." She sat staring at him for several seconds before her brain finally registered that she had just been fired, "You're firing me?" "I'm sorry Hermione, but I simply have no other choice." "Well Don, I hope it all goes well. I mean seriously, with Lavender here, imagine the clientele you'll attract," She sneered at him as she stood, "Just a tip for you, you may have to stock some more male oriented reading material, because every pervert in town will now frequent Flourish and Blotts." And she stormed out. As she collected her belongings, Lavender surprised her by engulfing her in a hug. She had crocodile tears in her eyes, and wailed about how she would miss her. Hermione managed to detangle herself from the fake embrace, and shook her head as Ernie MacMillan, who was once her trusted work crony, but had become another drooling lapdog the second Lavender walked in the door, wrapped an arm around her shoulders. "We'll miss you," Lavender wailed, ensuring that everyone in the store heard her, "I can't believe you're leaving us." "Wow, Lavender, I'm touched," Hermione drawled, "And you sound so sincere. I think you deserve an award for this brilliant performance of I got Hermione fired ." Ernie's eyes got wide, and he looked at Lavender, his arm dropping quickly from her shoulders. " You got Hermione fired?" he stammered. "No!" she exclaimed, "I didn't, Mr Blotts said she quit." Ernie looked at Hermione; he knew damned well she would never quit this job. Books were her life, and this, aside from owning her own book store, was her dream job. "Hermione? What's going on." he asked. "Ask Lavender, she's responsible for this." The people in the store were watching the show with a great deal of interest. Hermione was certain that the second she walked out, they would all instantly take out their phones, and the entire town would be aware that she no longer worked at Flourish and Blotts Books. She looked at Lavender, whose tears had all but dried up, and pointed at her chest, "You might want to cover the girls up, because Mr Blotts is expecting way more than the eyeful you gave him. Way more." And with that, she turned on her heel, and sauntered out of the store. Of course, all the bravado left her the minute she slumped into her car, which was fortunately parked at the rear of the store where no one could see the blubbering performance that followed. She leaned her head on the steering wheel, and let out a sob. What the hell am I going to do now? She thought. She was one of those rare people who actually loved their job. She had been reading since she could remember. As a child she sat on her father's knee, following his finger as it raced across the pages, teaching her to recognise words and letters. Every night they shared a story, and his love of books and reading was passed on to her. Hermione lifted her head from the steering wheel, and saw the dark clouds moving in across the sky. Perfect , she thought, even the universe hates me. She stared at herself in the rear view mirror, groaning at the horseshoe-shaped welt from the steering wheel across her forehead, almost twenty minutes had passed without her even realising it. What am I going to do? She asked herself again. Go home was her first thought. Drink myself into oblivion was her second thought . She figured the best way to rid herself of the foul stench of Don Blotts was to drown herself in vodka and it would just so happen that Ginny and Harry had given her a bottle for her last birthday and it was now gathering dust in the back of her cupboard, so that's what she did. Well, no. That's not exactly what she did. The first thing she did was to drive her car to the local pub. The Second Salt, was the towns' oldest pub. It was rustic and welcoming; timber, clay bricks and intricate stone carvings made up most of the building's outer structure. It was difficult to see through the stained glass windows, but Hermione knew that beyond the heavy wooden door that she would have a quiet place to sit and ponder over her new found unemployment. The pub was dark inside, not in a dank and dreary way but in that warm, mellow and welcoming way. Rounded, hardwood beams supported the upper floor and the rows of small lights attached to them. Ceiling fans circulated the air and the walls were littered with so many different types of memorabilia, no one was sure if they were trying for a specific style or if they just put up anything they liked. She always assumed the latter. The well worn bar, that had been wiped so often it was almost like a mirror was central in the large room. Stools surrounded it on all four sides. Several long tables took up space either side of the bar, with smaller tables and booths lining the outer walls. And there was a well used pool table in the rear. The pub was almost completely abandoned. Two older locals occupied two stools at the bar, so she placed herself firmly at the opposite end, as far away as possible from them and rapped her knuckles on the bar, attracting the attention of Seamus Finnegan, the Irish owner of the English pub, (no matter what time of day you were there he was behind the bar), who greeted her with a slight frown. "Isn't it a little too early for you to be in here." He commented with a quick glance to the clock, "In fact, isn't it a little too Tuesday for you to be in here?" "How many shot glasses do you own?" Hermione asked ignoring him. He frowned, "Why?" "Well, my plan for the afternoon is to drink myself into oblivion, crawl back and drink myself there again." She informed him and waved her hands across the bar in a flourish, "Line 'em up." "Wow," he said, wide-eyed, "I'm not sure I have enough booze in here to cover that." "So get more," she told him, "I plan on being here for a while." "You do realise that I have a responsibility to ensure that you don't drive home drunk?" Seamus gave her a stern look. Hermione sighed, exasperated, and tossed him her keys, "There, are you happy?" he smirked at her and then nodded. She made a twirling gesture with her finger, and repeated, "Now line 'em up!" Seamus laughed, finally realising she was serious. They had been at school together and had been reasonably good friends, but while she liked the (very) occasional shit-faced drunk Saturday night as much as the next person, and his pub was the favourite hang-out of her and her best friends, to be here before midday on a Tuesday ordering copious amounts of alcohol was just not something she wouldordinarily do. "Um," Seamus said cautiously, "Hermione, are you okay?" "Well Seamus, that depends on your definition of okay." She said glumly, "If getting fired from the job you love and are extremely good at makes you feel okay,