I Grew To Love You He loved to watch her work. The way her hair frizzed around her fingers as she absentmindedly tugged her curls; the way her bottom lip found itself trapped between her teeth during a particularly difficult problem; the way her ink-stained fingers left smudges on her skin as she brushed away an itch or an unruly curl; the way she huffed when she read a bit of text that she would exclaim was "absolute codswallop!" And the way she became so engrossed in her work, that he went unnoticed for long periods of time, free to observe as long as he liked. That was his favorite. Today was no different. She was brewing when he found her, a large tome propped up on a stand in their private laboratory, the potion bubbling as she stirred the concoction. Her eyes travelled over her notes, comparing it to the tome, and her teeth worried at her bottom lip- a sure sign that she was consumed in her research. He leaned against the door frame, taken back to one of the first times he had watched her this way, many years ago. It had started with her, of course; her incessant demands and grandiose plans. Oh, but he was thankful for those plans… Always in pursuit to further her education, Hermione Granger had approached him once again on his way to market. Often times he felt it a curse that he had unknowingly purchased a home so near her flat. On many occasions she had 'happened to run across him' with a question or two about a 'very exciting topic, sir, I'm sure you'll agree.' Usually he did; he almost never admitted it. There was one exception. " You want to what, Miss Granger?" " I've told you, Professor, it's Hermione-" " I'm no longer your Professor, Miss Granger ," he interrupted, pulling her out of the street and into a secluded doorway. The building had been condemned recently- the door was still barred and an obnoxious sign was plastered across the window. The shadow from the overhang cast them both in dim light, and townsfolk walked by unbeknownst to their quiet conversation. " Well I don't know what to call you, then," she hissed. "You haven't given me any other options." " Call me Master Snape," Severus glared. "That is my proper title." " I was hoping we were beyond formalities." " What on earth gave you that idea?" Before she could respond, he waved his hand. "Never mind that. Tell me again, what do you want to do?" Her eyes glared into his and she huffed. "I want to lobby for the wellbeing of the House Elves and help them gain a higher rank in society as a whole." Her straightened back and tight shoulders dared him to argue with her pronouncement. There was a moment of tense silence between the two before Severus nodded and turned. "Well, good luck with that, then," he said behind his shoulder as he raised a hand in a wave. "Let me know how that turns out. I'll look for news of your resignation in the Prophet." Before he had reached the street corner, she had her hand on his elbow. "Please, Sir," she pleaded, her pace hurried to match his long stride. "Just hear me out. I know that I'll be met with opposition. I know that many old families will oppose me, and I know that the house elves themselves will be difficult to work with. But I'm willing to try, and in order to do so I need a firm foundation of how things work now. If I could just get your viewpoint, your opinion on what I'd be facing, it'd help me get an upper hand. Please." " I'm afraid you'll have to find someone else," he replied, extricating his arm from hers and turning towards the market. "As you can see, I am a bit busy." He could hear her footsteps as she ran after him. "I don't need to speak with you now, Sir," she huffed. "I am free tonight. I can meet you at your home, after dinner. It wouldn't take long." When he stopped it was so abrupt that she nearly ran into him. "Miss Granger," he turned, "just how important is my participation in this?" Slightly winded, she took a deep breath and answered, "I believe that your testimony will be crucial for my understanding of how traditional-" she stopped at his familiar stern look, the look that had once told her exactly how he felt about her long-winded explanations to his simple classroom questions. "Very important, Sir," she finished abruptly. Severus sighed and rubbed his eyes. He knew Miss Granger. He knew that should he walk away from her today, he would surely see her tomorrow. And the next day, and the next- " If I do this," he said quietly, "you must promise me a few things." Her hopeful eyes glittered as they looked up at him. "Sure, yes, that's fine! Whatever you need, Pro- erm, Sir." " Stop finding me on the streets," he snapped. "Owl me if you have questions, like a normal person. And please, limit it to once a month. As unfeasible as it may seem, I do have a life, one that doesn't always involve catering to your demands." He was pleased to see that her energetic excitement had quelled a bit at his words. Despite this, her chin rose up a fraction, as if to say You can't hurt me anymore. "Is that all, Sir?" she asked, and even her tone of voice echoed her nerve. " For now," he replied, turning towards the stands at last. "I'll see you at 8." And he had. She had come promptly on time, sat in his living room in front of the fire, and rigorously demanded of him not only his opinion on House Elves, but the opinions of others- specifically Purebloods with a lineage of servants. Afterwards, she had requested to compile her notes before she left, and he had allowed it on the additional promise that she share with him her final presentation before submitting it for approval. A few hours later, as he came down from his study to order her away, he paused on the stairs as the glow from the dying fire illuminated the young woman on his couch, lip worried by her teeth and fierce determination reflected in her eyes. And what beautiful eyes they were… He wouldn't at the time admit that it changed his way of viewing her, but he freely admitted to it now. He began to call her Hermione shortly afterwards. She had yet to notice him. The box in his arm started to press into his side, and he shifted, his foot sliding across the floor. Hermione glanced up, and smiled. "Good morning, Severus," she greeted. "Where did you run off to so early this morning?" "I had an errand to run," he said coyly, stepping into the room at last and setting the box on a workbench. He glanced into the potion she was leaning over. "Try another mistletoe berry," he suggested. "Just one should bring your antidote to the clearer teal you're looking for." Frowning not in disdain but in curiosity, Hermione quickly grabbed another of the white berries and plopped it into the mixture. Immediately, the blue and green balanced out until the potion was left a perfect teal. She sighed in satisfaction. "Your natural ability to read a potion like a textbook will never cease to stun me," she grinned as she stepped around the table to embrace the taller man. "Thank you for your help. Have you eaten?" "I have not," he replied, wrapping his arms around her slight frame, "and I assume by that question that you haven't, either. Shall I call Jeffey?" "Hmm," she hummed, still in his arms, "yes, I think so. But not quite yet." He smiled into her hair. It wasn't often that she displayed her feelings for him- she was much like himself in that regard. But when she did, he enjoyed it immensely. Holding her like this, he slipped into another memory, one that had proven how wonderful his wife truly was, surpassing him in both humility and kindness. Years ago, when they had first struck up a sort of friendship, she had attempted to cook for them both in an effort to have him over. It had not gone well. He had learned then that while Hermione could follow a potions recipe flawlessly, she lacked the very core ability of cooking. " I never know when it's done," she frowned into a pan of blackened chicken chunks. " Typically before it's charred," he said, poking at one of the stiff chunks of meat with a fork. "Shall I go get us some takeaway?" She glared at the stove, as if blaming it for her failure, and muttered affirmation. It had already been proven that Severus was only marginally more talented in the kitchen, his once-satisfactory skills a bit rusty after decades of Hogwarts meals. It wasn't much of an issue between the two until their friendship developed into a relationship- and shortly after, a marriage. Hermione, staring into the bathroom mirror, commented, "You know, one of us should really learn to cook properly. I don't think I've eaten well for years." " We could always get a house elf," he suggested from the bedroom, anticipating a terse rebuttal. He was pleasantly surprised when she merely pursed her lips in consideration. After a few moments of contemplation- because Hermione never made a decision lightly she turned towards him. " They would have to be free." " Naturally." " We would pay them." " Of course." " And we'd give them accommodations. Living quarters, clothes, anything they required." " Hermione," he assured her, "we will scour the earth until we find the perfect house elf for this home- one that will embrace clothes, payment, and all that you wish to bestow upon them." Three weeks later, they found Jeffey. Eager to please, he required only a closet as a bedroom (which Hermione fashioned with a proper mattress, a trunk, and lights), 3 knuts a week, and one new outfit a year. Jeffey immediately began to make their house a home, Hermione was ecstatic that her House Elf Liberation Front had allowed her this opportunity of employment, and Severus was eating home-cooked meals fit for a king. All in all, they couldn't be happier, their little family of three. "What did you bring me?" Severus arched his neck down and was able to see her eyes eyeing the nearby box, long and thin and wrapped in twine. "And how do you know it's for you?" he asked her, rubbing her back. "Because I know what day it is," she smiled up at him. "Ah." Slowly, he pulled away and held her at arm's length, his hands resting on her shoulders. "I shouldn't be surprised. You are the brightest witch of your age, after all." Hermione snorted. It had been an inside joke between the two of them for many years, going back to their first year of friendship. He brought up the popular saying often, mocking in tone but never hurtful, and it always made her smile. "Can I open it?" she asked, reaching for the box. "I suppose so," he replied with a grin, "but when the true owner of its contents find out, they might not be pleased." "Har har." She tugged on the twine, lifted the lid, and her smile spread. "This is quite a lovely batch of Dittany you have procured for me, Potions Master," she said playfully, turning towards him with a smile. She placed a slight kiss on his cheek before adding, "I love it. Thank you, Severus." Severus had learned early on that Hermione preferred practical gifts. If she was researching something particularly frustrating, a new book on