Sublunary Sphere The original story and original world belongs to Stephanie Meyer Any quotes and characters from the original Twilight belong to the aforementioned author. No copyright infringement was intended throughout this story. Anything that doesn't belong to me belongs to its original creator and this story wasn't meant to be for any profit. Summary " About three things I was absolutely positive. First, Edward and his family were vampires. Second, everything I knew about the world was wrong. And third, I was unconditionally and irrevocably screwed." Life is defined by a lot of things, but conception is defined by which sperm beat the insurmountable odds to reach a female's egg. In this dimension a different sperm did penetrate the egg, which produced a very different little girl in a very different world. Warning: Alternate Universe. Magic exists and vampires do not sparkle here. 1. The First Step My mom drove me to the airport with the windows rolled all the way down. I glanced up at the clear blue sky and relished how the wind blew through my long hair. A couple strands got into my mouth now and again, but it was worth the slight irritation to feel the air rush around me. It was a scorching seventy-five degrees in Phoenix; a heat that was only bearable with the cool breeze moving throughout the car. My mom had decided to save gas instead of using her air conditioner, which was just as well. I liked feeling the open air better anyways. My legs still ached now and again during the drive up, but I supposed it couldn't have been helped. I watched everything blur by as we sped along. Now and again I glanced at my mom and shot her a reassuring smile. She beamed at me hollowly. I knew that she wasn't that thrilled with this decision. On the bright side, I could see my dad again. On the downside...I wouldn't be able to see my mom, in the flesh, for a while. In any case, I didn't have much of a real choice in where I was going. My doctor had said, I needed a sedate place to heal. Somewhere away from the city, somewhere slow, but somewhere that I was familiar with. I sighed and turned away from her resigned stare. I needed a way to distract myself. I looked down at my android phone and tapped in my dad's address. The expanse of the Northern-west Washington State popped up before it zoomed in onto a small town; Forks. When I usually visited my dad I had found that it was almost under a near-constant cover of clouds, usually rain clouds, most of the time. This was fine with me since I loved how green it all was. It was always so full of life. We didn't really have that here in Phoenix often, in my opinion any ways. The contrast between the two places reminded me of the contrast between my two parents. My mom; a sunny, and energized quirky woman. My dad; a steady, and nurturing man. A man that didn't deserve to get left behind. My mom had left their small town with me in tow, where she and dad had both grown up in, when I was about five years old after both my grandparents died in a sudden accident. My dad had always told me that it was because of a drunk driver. My mom blamed it on Forks and had decided it was too dangerous to stay. I didn't really think that Forks was dangerous at all though. It was certainly considered to be safer than Phoenix. Whenever I stated that, my mom would just say that the entire place made her uncomfortable and to just drop it. I guess that was understandable. I had spent my entire summer vacations with my dad ever since I was seven, so I didn't feel uncomfortable or scared there at all. It was my favorite tradition. A tradition that had yet to end. Well...technically it was ending...sort of. We came to a slow halt as we parked in the airport parkade, and I felt my mom's hand on my shoulder, "Eliza?" I unbuckled my seat belt and turned to her giving her a lopsided grin, "Yes, mom?" She took me into her arms; another one of her surprise hugs, and whispered into my shoulder, "You don't have to go." She was always a little clingy when it came to my leaving. I rubbed her back as I hugged her, "You know that I'll always come back, mom. No worries." She sniffled and leaned back as she let go of me. Her smile was watery, "You always say that." I flinched at that reminder. That was just another reason as to why I had to leave Phoenix. It would just be better if I was somewhere far away from where IT happened. I took in my mother's face and managed to calm my sudden doubts. Everyone always said that I looked like her with the exception of my eyes; they were the exact shade of blue as my dad's. As we got out of the car I felt a spasm of sadness as I stared at her lithe form. How could I leave my loving, quirky, mom alone for longer than a summer? Of course, now she had Phil to keep her company, but I bet that he wouldn't be any sort of replacement for me...right? My mother always had difficulty with keeping close friends, so all she had in that department was me. I bit my lip at that thought and shook my head. She was a grown ass woman. She'd be fine. Besides, we had the phone and Skype. Everything would be fine . "I need to go now, mom. Besides, I bet dad is going to be glad to have me for more than two months a year. Doesn't dad deserve to be happy too?" I lugged out my rainbow colored suitcase out of the trunk of the car, and threw a bright grin over my shoulder. She pouted and let out a resigned sigh as we walked through the airport towards the departure terminal, "Yeah...I guess so. Well then. Tell you father I said, hi." "I will", I nodded as my suitcase rolled on behind me. I tightened my anorak, one that she had recently bought me, around my waist and soon enough we stood before the departure gates. She stopped me and held me at arms length. I tilted my head, a confused smile affixed onto my face, "Mom?" "I love you baby girl, more than anything and anyone. More than a million sparkly shoes," she pulled me into an extremely tight hug. As I hugged her back I could feel her shake a little. I pulled back and kissed her cheek, "I love you too. More than a million apple cinnamon scones." She nodded and wiped away the tears that had gathered in her eyes, "You'll text me soon." I laughed and nodded, "Who else would I text from here?" I had a notorious habit of keeping to myself most of the time, so I didn't really have anyone else to text here in Phoenix other than my mother. Besides, the last friends I had made here...well, they didn't really turn out to be friends at all. She hugged me tightly for a couple minutes before I had to leave. Soon I was on the plane, and it took four hours to fly from Phoenix to Seattle. I then transferred onto a smaller plane to get to Port Angeles. The last leg of my journey was an hour drive down to Forks. Flying this much always made my stomach churn; I wasn't a big fan of heights. My dad had been really nice about the whole thing. He was excited that I was coming to live with him instead of just visiting him for the summer. He had already gotten me registered for high school, apparently got me two surprises, and he had promised that he was going to help me get a car. These were the happy thoughts that I focused on while I was on a cramped plane that, honestly, felt too rickety to fly. The flight only felt worse when the rain started pelting the plane. I wasn't all that religious, but I started to pray out of fear. I didn't know if it helped in the long run, but it certainly made me feel better. When I landed in Port Angeles, it was still raining as if it was typhoon season in Japan. I took a deep breath and relished the smell of wet earth and plants. For a small airport there was a lot of dirt around here. I pulled out my umbrella and silently thanked my past self for looking into the weather forecast here in Forks. I pulled my anorak closer to my body as I dragged my suit case behind me while I searched for my dad. He was waiting for me at his police cruiser. I ran towards him and gave him an awkward wave which he happily returned. He kissed my cheek absentmindedly while I hurried into the front seat as he took my suitcase into the trunk of his cruiser. I tucked my thoroughly soaked umbrella onto the ground in front of me, and gratefully slouched into my seat. My dad slid into the driver's seat and shook his head slightly, letting droplets of water spray everywhere. I let out a laugh, and he cheekily grinned at me. It was always fun hanging out with my dad. I think that was one of the many reasons why I wanted to be a cop. I'd never tell him that though. His head would get too big, which wouldn't help anyone especially since he was Police Chief Kites to the good people of Forks. "It's good to see you, Eliza," he stated beaming at me before he started up the car. He checked his surroundings before getting onto the road, "You look lovely as ever, sweetie. How's your mom?" "Mom's fine. It's good to see your lovely self, too, dad", I chuckled and watched the trees blur the scenery into a my favorite shade of green and brown as we sped down the road. I sighed happily as I felt the heat from the car permeate into my bones. I should've layered on more clothes when I transferred onto the small plane. To my credit, the first plane was a little late, so I didn't really have time. I patted my anorak pocket and double checked that I still had my phone. I had a bad habit of losing it when I wasn't paying attention. "So, I found a good car for you. It was really cheap," he announced after a brief period of silence. I tilted my head and gave him a curious glance, "That's great, dad. What kind of car did you find?" Was he trawling craigslist again? He loved getting stuff for free or for cheap. I sometimes thought that he was secretly a hoarder while I was away. I could never figure out where he kept his new treasures though. "Well, it's a truck actually, a Chevy," he took a turn down the road and I could see blurry images of buildings go by as we kept driving along towards our destination. "Where'd you find it?" Soon the buildings started getting further and further apart, which was a telltale sign that we were getting closer to our house. "Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?" La Push was a tiny Native America reservation on the coast of Forks, which was just a half hour drive from our place. It had a gorgeous beach and the people there were just as nice. "No duh, dad," I rolled my eyes and playfully made a face at him. We saw my godfather and godbrother; Jacob,