Disclaimer: I am not the owner of Harry Potter or any of these Characters, they are all property of JK. Rowling A/N: Hello again. This is another new fic and for once, not a Dramione. This will be Thormione as I have found my people and they are all dark. A very special thank you to my beta, GidgetMalfoy, she has done an amazing job. Much love to all who were excited to start this journey with me. I hope everyone likes it. Also any depiction of Thorfinn Rowle or Rodolphus LeStrange that is similiar to Canimal's will be done with her permission. I usually have my own style that shines through, but it will be because of her influence if there is similarities. If you haven't read her work, you should. It's all amazing. The age difference between Finn and Hermione will be because of her age gap she started in The Dark Mage Captive and The Parolee and His Princess. There were other's influenced by her works that influenced me (Freya Ishtar and Kittenshift17) but she is the mastermind, so gets top billing. Peace, Love and Slyther, Gimi aka Jess Hermione looked around the kitchen, the room she had dubbed 'wedding central'. Her future mother in law was discussing the merits of having roses instead of lilies for bridesmaid bouquets with the wedding planner. Sneaking out the back door, she left the ladies to make the decision while she went to find her future husband. Hermione Granger could honestly say she was truly excited for the next two weeks to fly by. In two weeks time, she would become Mrs. Ron Weasley; a title she had been waiting five years to have. Ron had wanted to marry right after the war, but Hermione put her foot down. While they had been friends for seven years, they did not know how they would fare as a romantic couple. She had also wanted to officially finish her education; she had plans to go back to Hogwarts when it reopened. Getting married would deny her that chance. Knowing how much she valued knowledge, Ron relented. Then, he wanted to marry after she left school and again Hermione said no. She had been at school for ten months, and they barely saw each other during that time. Harry and Ron had foregone their education and went straight into the auror office after the war. She wanted to start her career; she had gotten a position as a curse breaker with Gringotts due to her connection to Bill Weasley. She had thought they wouldn't hire her considering she and her friends had robbed a high security vault during the war, but the goblins had reluctantly agreed that she and her friends had no choice in that matter. They had lost many goblins during Voldemort's reign as well, but they would be keeping an eye on her. Hermione and Ron kept dating. He proposed a year later and surprisingly she accepted, though their careers were not conducive to planning a wedding. Hermione had rose quickly through Gringotts, becoming one of the top curse breakers of her generation. The goblins sent her all around the world chasing the galleons. Ron was just as successful in the auror office. He and Harry were sent all over the United Kingdom in search of dark wizards, sometimes for weeks at a time. Before they knew it, five years had passed since the war and Ron finally put his foot down. He wanted to marry his witch and this time, Hermione agreed. They should have known it wouldn't be easy. Once Minister Shacklebolt found out they had finally set a date, he swooped in and offered the ministry's help to plan such a large event. Ron and Hermione started to protest, reminded of the circus that had been Harry's wedding to Daphne Greengrass the year before, but Kingsley hadn't been a Slytherin for nothing. He had told them, as war heroes, the wizarding world loved them and would be ecstatic to share in their happy day. With the promise of the Ministry fitting the bill for the event, they relented and began to plan a society wedding. Walking outside the Burrow, she found her fiancé, Harry, Daphne, Pansy, Ginny and Blaise all standing around with brooms in their hands. Seeing that they were dressed in their quidditch gear, Hermione assumed they were getting a game together. Daphne Potter had been sitting on the grass and Hermione went to sit next to her, giving the witch a brief side hug as she did. A lot had changed in the five years that passed. Their group of friends had grown to include the Slytherins of their year. This had been Hermione's and Ginny's doing. They had returned to school and made friends with Daphne, Pansy, Blaise, Theo Nott and Draco Malfoy. After Harry and Ginny broke up for good and Ginny had begun to have feelings for Blaise, Hermione set Harry up with Daphne. The Slytherins of their year were different than in years past. Most of their parents had been sent away, with the exception of Draco, Daphne and Blaise. Pansy's father was even worse than Bellatrix, using the cruciatus curse on his daughter when he was displeased or for failing to find a suitor to his liking. Pansy's mother had died in an accident when she was only seven. Pansy thought it was more likely her father had killed her mother, but there was no proof. He had been kissed six months after his capture, he was responsible for the murder of no less than seventeen different muggles and three aurors who had been there to apprehend him. The eye witness accounts of the remaining aurors and the state the bodies of the muggles were left in, the man was lucky he wasn't kissed right there. After his death, this left Pansy as the last surviving Parkinson. She was still at school when her father had been kissed. When he was incarcerated and awaiting trial, she made friends with Hermione Granger. When he was to be kissed, Draco, Hermione, Daphne and Ginny were all there to bear witness with her. Standing behind the warmth of Hermione's otter, Pansy stood up straight as her father yelled at her across the room for bringing shame to the Parkinson name, befriending blood traitors and mudbloods. He had no daughter any longer. With those words Pansy smiled brightly at her father, turned and kissed Hermione square on the mouth. Hermione's otter began to fade, so Ginny released her own horse as Draco stared at the two women beside him, gobsmacked. Releasing her friend, Pansy turned back to her father just as the dementor was wafting his way. His light skin reddened in fury at his daughter's insolence. She went on to tell him how the pure blood of the Parkinson ended with her. She would rather marry a muggle than to enter a pureblood marriage for the sake of her 'Ancient and Most Noble House of Parkinson'. She also told him, she was glad the last memory he would have of his daughter was that she was kissing, not only a muggleborn, but the brightest witch of a century and the reason his Lord was dead. Right as he was about to yell, the dementor swooped in and lowered it's hood. The group of teens all left the room, screams echoing off the walls, the last thing they heard as the doors shut behind them. Hermione gulped, not knowing what to say. She was seeing Ron and now she would have to tell him that Pansy kissed her! Not that she hadn't liked the kiss, but it wasn't something that she had any desire to repeat. Eyes wide as saucers, she glanced over at Ginny, who looked like she was biting her cheek so hard, Hermione was surprised blood wasn't dripping down her chin. Hermione could see the mirth dancing in her eyes. Pansy turned towards Hermione with tears in her eyes, she could still hear her father moaning in the other room and Hermione just grabbed and hugged her as Pansy let go and began to cry. Daphne and Ginny surrounded the two girls and held on to Pansy as she cried. Draco, being a high brow pureblood, had no idea what to do. He was uncomfortable with women and tears, usually leaving his crying mother to his father; he just stood there while the three of them comforted his friend. After a while, Pansy had slowed her tears to almost none and began to slow her breathing. Without saying another word, the five teens left Azkaban, never talked about that day again. OoOoOoO "How goes the planning, Mione?" Daphne grinned at her. Hermione pushed her away and Daphne began to laugh out loud. She remembered all too well how wedding planning with Mrs. Weasley was a trial unto itself. Molly Weasley and her mother, Lila Greengrass, spent six months making sure that the wedding was perfect. So much so that Daphne was ready to hex her mother into oblivion. Harry did not have any family to speak of; his aunt and uncle were no longer speaking to him once they were returned to their home. His cousin Dudley kept in touch via muggle mail, but was not ready to go into the magical world with Harry as he had not had good experiences with magic from the time he was young. He had grown out of his pratish behaviour, especially after his cousin saved him that fateful night from the dementoids, and wizards kept him safe during the war, but he wasn't ready for more magic in his life. Daphne sat as Hermione rattled down the list of things the planner was going over with Molly. Her own parents were no longer with her, they had perished in a car crash during her last year at Hogwarts. She had found them the summer after the war; while they were upset over what she had done, they still loved her and came back to England to be close to her and to rebuild their family. They had died during the Easter holiday. Hermione had been at home while they were at work. The crash had killed them instantly. They were now buried in Godric's Hollow next to Harry's parents. They had no other family, so there was no point in burying them in the muggle world. Hermione was surrounded by everyone who loved her, including the girl sitting next to her laughing at list of things that had to be done still. Daphne, Pansy and Ginny had been her rocks during those last few months. "Ron, we need to go to the ministry next week to pick up our license." Hermione reminded her fiancé before he took off on his broom; his brothers had just arrived to play quidditch. Bill and Charlie had been at the joke shop helping George with some inventory; the entire family helped George get back in order after the war. Fred's death had severed his soul in half and he didn't have it in him to continue. Molly and Arthur had moved him home and Charlie moved into the flat above the shop to take over while George grieved the loss of his twin. The shop had thrived with people in need of some laughs after the war. Charlie and Bill took care of it until George was ready and then Charlie decided to stay on to be closer to his family. He hadn't been there for the final battle; being far from family when Fred died had really done a number on him, so he stayed close. These days he lived in Hogsmeade above the second shop and George had gone back to his flat in Diagon Alley. OoOoOoO Hermione and Ron arrived at the ministry the next week. As soon as they set foot into the atrium they were met with Kingsley and a small