Mum and me started talking about fanfics we have read that we really liked, then she sent me a really good one (I can't remember the name or anything just that it was good :L) so now I want to do another fanfic of poor little Draco getting abused and saved by Harry! So here ya go! Edit: I am re reading this story and adding some improvements to it! Enjoy! The night air was dark with only a few shinning stars pointing down onto the cold pavement and grass bellow them on Earth. There was only a small amount of wind brushing passed but otherwise it was quite warm out that night. The mansion was twice as big as any of the other houses further down the street, it was hidden in the darkness but the few lights shinning out of the square windows fell down on the pathway outside, however there was no light on the small steps leading up to the door, so a certain blond boy was well hidden from anyone passing by. His blond hair was stuck back with jel back in a perfectly straight lines over his head, his sharp silvery grey eyes were watching and waiting for that carriage to pull up. He was wearing a dark grey, almost black, robe that he had tightly wrapped around his frail skinny body, the only skin visible was his pale face and his pale hands as they clutched his arms, shaking slightly but determined to wait until she was home. The road in front of his home was just dirt and dust, with small tracks were carriages had passed constantly throughout the days but otherwise it was plain and empty. Beside the road was a matching dirty path that led down to the main streets of this home, but all around the town and across the road was full of plain strips of green or brown pieces of grass that was slowly changing colour due to lack of rain water coming from the sky. There was a dozen trees across the street too, this was mostly where the boy, Draco, would go when he wanted to get away from his home, which was often. Suddenly he heard it. He couldn't see it since it was the same colour as the darkness around everywhere else, black! But its wheels creaked and crunched as they rolled over the hard ground under the carriage and knocked pebbles and stones right out of the ways without stopping. If muggles looked upon this town and saw them, they would see nothing but normal horses, but wizards and witches knew the spell that was cast on them every day before they were set off that pulled the carriage along by itself. Then it stopped right in front of the long path that led to the road. The door swung open revealing blood-red ruby cushioned seats and golden trays with food and drinks (particularly wine) lay gently on top of them. A young skinny woman stepped out. She was beautiful and had long glossy curled blond hair that fell down her back and pale skin with heavy make up all over her face even though she didn't need any of it. She wore a beautiful long black dress with long gloves that reached her elbows. She was so young and pretty, no one would know she had a teenage son already. "Draco?" the woman blinked with her own light blue/silver eyes, as the carriage disappeared down the road. She quickly hurried over to him, her high-heeled shoes clattering against the ground as she walked in front of her son. "What are you doing up so late darling? You should be in bed. Come on, it's cold out here." Narcissa reached down and took hold of her son's hand without waiting for a reply, pulling him up to his feet. She pulled off a black silk sash she had around her shoulder and then wrapped it around her son. "Yes mother," Draco nodded as he followed her inside. His father, Lucius, was already in bed since he had to get up so early. Draco followed his mother all the way to his room. She helped him lay down and kissed the top of his head, quickly tucking him in and wishing him a good nights sleep before she left and went to her own room to lay with her husband. She quickly went to sleep as she was also going to be up early the next morning to visit with a few of her friends that she hadn't seen just this night. Meanwhile Draco lay awake for hours, staring up at the ceiling as he lay on the bed with his hand shaking and resting over his lap. His hand was aching so much. The skin over his knuckles were burnt from being pushed into the fire for so long with red marks around the burns that were now turning pink and there was a large bruise around the area bellow his thumb where it had then been slammed down on the ground with surprising force. It hurt so much! The only reason this had happened was because Lucius had found him with some small pieces of a chocolate frog. The Malfoy's had a lot of sweets that Narcissa brought for Draco when she went to exotic places over the world but he was never allowed some unless she was around or Lucius said so. Narcissa was never around and today Lucius had not said so. He didn't even care that Blaise had sent it as a present from his trip to a wizard town in Australia, the fact that he had ANY chocolate was reason enough to punish him whether he was eating them or just holding them. Of course Narcissa would never see it. She would be gone before Draco woke up the next morning and back again late at night again after spending the day out with friends. Unless he was wide awake because of an injury like the one on his hand, he would be asleep by the time she gets home. And soon enough when the family have to go to another social gathering, Lucius would give him an extremely sickening potion that would cause the wound to disappear in an instant but leave him feeling like he needed to throw up for hours. He liked to keep the wounds there as long as possible, that way Draco would "learn his lesson". He took a few deep breaths and forced his eye lids to close, trying to force himself to go to sleep despite the aching in his hand. He couldn't roll on to his side or get very comfortable but he had slept in stranger positions than this before. After what felt like an age, of lying there in silence, and listening to the sounds of the wind outside or his owl, Nora, giving off a light snore across the room in the corner, he finally fell into a sound sleep. Halfway through he began to have nightmares. It was one of the many same ones he had before, his father's cane was in front of him, he went to feel it like he had once when he was a kid. When he was a kid his father used the cane to cut his hand, but in his dream the cane turned into a real snake head and leaned forward biting one of his fingers hard and injecting him with poison. He had tried to run away but a dozen other snakes appeared and they were so fast, they jumped up and bit him, dozens of them ripping his skin. He had tried to scream but in all his dreams he never could seem to get the scream out, his throat always got so tight and it came out as a croak. Then everything was dark and the snakes were gone. Just as he began to calm down, the Dark Lords face appeared and jumped out, causing Draco to sit up in his bed in shock. He lay back down and panted for a few moments before then rolling over, careful to avoid his hand, and pushed himself away from the bed. He pulled on his night-gown, opened the door and stepped out down the long stair case. After nightmares like that he had learned the best cure was a cold drink of water and maybe one of his old books to help calm himself and escape the horror of the dream. When he reached the bottom step he froze on the spot. Something was not right. Looking back up the stairs he saw every single picture that had Narcissa in, was missing. The only three pictures left was one of just a head shot of Draco when he was barely five years old and he was grinning at the camera, one of Lucius shortly after Draco had been accepted into Hogwarts with him standing proudly in a set of new robes, and one of Lucius holding Draco when he was a few months old, just a shot above the waist, somehow smiling like he was honestly proud to have a son. The rest was gone, the walls polished so there was no trace of the pictures even being there. He would have thought he was imagining it if he hadn't remembered putting up a family picture himself. Draco walked down and looked at where they hung the coats but all her midnight black, emotional purple, emerald-green and ruby-red coats were gone as well. The big bulky and the silk skinny, the ones for fashion and the ones for the weather were all just... gone. Worried now, Draco went back up the stairs and walked down the corridor towards his parents bedroom. He was never allowed in here, even Narcissa had told him to stay out. But she didn't like him snooping through her underwear draw with his friends. She told him that he might get curious and she didn't want him leaving fingerprints on her diamonds and rubies of her rings and bracelets. Of course he was older now and had no interest in looking at his mothers clothes or her jewelry! But they were still rather strict about the rooms he was allowed to go in. Pushing the door open he stepped inside and looked around, one sign of his mother and he would leave. It was so weird being in their room since this was the one rule he had followed and so it was the first time being in there but he ignored the feeling and went to her draws. With each one he opened, he grew more and more shocked. All her clothes were gone, her dresses disappeared, her shoes missing. All of her perfumes, her jewelry, her hair clips and bobble had vanished. Every single bath cream, skin cream, hand cream, all of it had disappeared with the room cleaned like they had never been there before. "Draco!" Came a roar from the doorway, he spun around and his eyes widened in shock as he saw Lucius standing there staring at him with furious eyes. He looked frightening as ever in his black robes with his cane standing by his side in his tight grip. "What are you doing in here?" He opened his mouth and began to come up with an excuse, or that was what he planned, but instead a whole new set of words came out. "Where are mum's things?" Lucius stared at him coldly for a moment before he smirked that nasty smirk he saved just for family members, and walked forward. He grabbed a hold of the back of Draco's robes and gripped them tightly, practically dragging him from the room, ignoring how his feet scraped the ground or his bad hand smacked and slapped at the wall. When he was at the stairs he began to drag Draco down, the young boy was only just