A/N: I would like to welcome you all to a fanfic I've been wanting to write for a while. A slytherin Hermione who's had her soulmate's first words to her engraved on her skin. Her motivations differ from canon Hermione because of this and the way I write Hermione will - of course - be different and unique. She's my Hermione and her main goal in life is to survive Slytherin. Inspired by Green Girl by Colubrina. Woo! This is a comedy and should not be taken too seriously. Diving into shallow-ish things expecting great depth is bad for the heart. ALSO I SHOULD MENTION THAT HERMIONE DOESNT FIND OUT WHO HER SOULMATE IS UNTIL LIKE A LOT LATER IN THE STORY SO JUST AN FIY IF YOU WANNA FIND OUT SHOOT ME THE QUESTION ON TUMBLR theeldritchwitch BOOYAH I hope you enjoy the first chapter :D Welcome to Slytherin Is a set of words that appears on Hermione Granger's inner left arm when she is a small tot barely able to recite the periodic table, but already masterful of the alphabet. Her parents tell her to hide the mark if she can – because they don't understand it, but they aren't about to let their fear dictate their lives when sharpies are a thing and children love to write on themselves. Hermione likes tracing her fingers over the words with a fond smile that says it all: This is mine and nobody else's. I'm special. Shove it, world. It isn't until Hermione Jean Granger gets her hands on Hogwarts textbooks that she finds out these words on her arm are her link to a soulamte. Her soulmate. HERS. It is someone who loves her and will cherish her forever and won't be mean like children at school who have unresolved issues with hostility. Hogwarts a History is Hermione's favourite book. Because that's where she first sees the word Slytherin. Salazar Slytheirn is a man of great power who is prejudiced against muggleborns – LIKE HERSELF –but, Hermione draws up an explanation, only because back then muggles and those influenced by muggles – aka muggleborns – used to BURN witches and wizards. Used to inflict ungracious pain upon witches – like HERSELF – and were totally unhygienic back then. Hermione is from a family of dentists . She is, like, super clean. And super smart. Her home is Slytheirn. A boy loses a frog and Hermione helps him find it. His name is Neville Longbottom and he wants to go to Hufflepuff. His gran is mean. His frog's name is Trevor. Hermione flings open a door to a compartment like it's nothing because she's magic and she's on a train that's taking her to school and WHAT EVEN IS LIFE! A big smile is on her face; her buck teeth glare and dare anyone to insult her. She rubs her hands together when her eyes fall on a ginger boy with a wand. ''Are you going to do a spell?'' Her eyes spark and her mouth tears into a wide grin and she is thrilled . ''Let's see it then!'' Then disappointed when nothing happens. Occulus reparo. Then immensely satisfied when she succeeds. She saunters outside after meeting a celebrity and a boy with dirt on his nose. Proud . Ecstasy coursing through her blood. Slowly she uncovers her inner arm and thinks – I'm so close – thinks – I'm going to meet you, finally –thinks – This is it . The Hat sends her to Slytherin, after trying to put up some fight – but whatever foe Hermione Granger has is sure to fail. She is no Ravenclaw. Or Gryffindor. Or Hufflepuff. So says she and the words on her wrist. A girl with a cat on her lap and a tart halfway into her mouth shakes hands with Hermione and says her name is Millicent Bulstrode, but then adds, 'Who are you?'' ''Hermione Granger.'' Hermione answers clearly because her parents have taught her that mumbling means shame and she should never be ashamed of who she is. ''Granger?'' An older boy in green interrupts. ''You related to that potioneer or something?'' Hermione shakes her head. As far she's aware of, her family is as muggle as they come. A few students look at each other. Then they blink. And then they stare at Hermione. ''What?'' Hermione is self-conscious at that point. Hands pull her hair over her face. The sorting is almost over and a blond boy sits next to her. He is Draco Malfoy. She is Hermione Granger. ''Like Hathworn-Granger?'' He asks, trying to understand, to rationalize the unthinkable in his eyes. She is exasperated and says ''No.'' ''So, are you a mudblood then?'' A lanky boy called Theodore Nott inquires like one inquires if it's raining outside. Or something else that's mundane. ''I'm muggleborn.'' Hermione explains in a tone one would use when speaking to someone slow. Draco Malfoy inches away from her. As does everyone else. She is the plague that brings fire to their homes. They think – filth – she thinks – I will not be written off. ''What's that got to do with anything?'' Hermione questions the older students and one responds. His name is Flint. ''You're a liability. You're beneath us.'' ''That's not true!'' ''Oh really?'' A girl, Daphne Greengrass, says. ''We aren't the ones who hunt witches and wizards.'' The voice she has is assured. This is fact. ''Oh do excuse me, but are you from the dark ages?'' Hermione yells and people from other tables turn to look. The professors don't watch, but they rarely do. Thankfully Snape's gaze is averted form his House. Draco Malfoy rolls his eyes at her antics and snaps. ''Shut up, you're a Slytherin. Act like it.'' ''Muggles don't hunt other people. Muggles don't even know you exist and it's because of the international statue of wizarding secrecy.'' Hermione's voice carries through the Great Hall. People stare, but the most uncomfortable are the folk in soon to be green scarves. ''You're not clean.'' A girl with short black hair whose name is Pansy Parkinson – Hermione remembers because her last name is a disease and her attitude is horrendous – sneers. ''Muggles live in filth.'' ''I'll take you home over the holidays and show you my perfectly clean home. Your facts are based off of the dark ages and clearly you haven't updated them. It is the twentieth century. Do you even know what a pen is?'' Hermione is relentless because she is going to win this and nobody will tell her she won't. This is where she belongs and no obstacle is too great. Pansy's eyes threaten to swallow her whole head. Draco Malfoy inches away some more from her. Flint laughs, bemused amusement tingeing his voice. Milicent notices how her cat doesn't see Hermione as an enemy and doesn't spout racists slurs at Hermione. She keeps a fair distance, though. They all do. ''You shouldn't be in Slytherin.'' Draco Malfoy whispers under his breath, but there is a wobble in his voice that makes him doubt. And doubt is a powerful thing. Slytherin has rules. There isn't a rule list hammered into a wall or enchanted to float around so everyone can see. They're subtle. Rules that are engraved into every Slytherin's being by the time they come to Hogwarts. ''Don't get caught.'' Draco Malfoy says to Hermione Granger because she's a hopeless mess, but she's in green and they need to look out for their own, no matter the impropriety. ''Don't be so loud either. Sweet Merlin you almost made me deaf in the Great Hall.'' Hermione rolls her eyes. ''Don't argue with Slytherins outside the common room.'' Pansy Parkinson says. ''The whole school is out to get us and we don't need to look weak .'' There's a crack, deep, that splits Hermione in half when she hears Pansy spit the word out, ''We'll let it slide once because you don't come from a magical family, but, seriously, control yourself.'' Hermione nods again and this time she bites her tongue. Theodore Nott makes a noise of agreement, and then says. ''Also, people are going to be pricks to you because you're muggleborn and because you're Slytherin. Learn to pick your battles.'' ''Keep your head down, too!'' Flint calls out. Headgirl Slytherin then speaks. ''That goes for all of you firsties, your job is not to lose us points.'' Hermione takes in information like a sponge. Then she bends these rules to accommodate her, because she is an anomaly and shouldn't be in Slytherin. Yet she belongs. The fire inside her burns and the magic that courses through her ignites, crackles in her hair and causes it to never uncurl. (No matter the ironing spell – Tracey Davis has tried all the ones her mother has taught her) Milicent snorts, bored cat held up in her arms. ''You really think she's going to listen to that?'' Her cat meows in agreement. ''I will,'' Hermione promises. Tomorrow morning she's already earned Slytherin twenty points. So much for keeping her head down. Draco Malfoy actually hisses at Millicent to nail Hermione's arm down during Potions and she almost goes through with it. ''Knowledge should be showcased.'' Hermione recites her parents' teachings. ''Oh my Salazar why are you not in Ravenclaw with the other shit faced idiots who think like you?'' Pansy screeches. Hermione wrinkles her face in annoyance and tells her it's none of her business. Pansy blinks at that. Then she makes it her solemn duty to find out. Though that's not resolved until next year, for now she still won't even touch Hermione in fear of getting the muggle plague. Snape doesn't like her. That's okay, Hermione thinks, because a lot of people don't like me. He does, Hermione muses, find my aptitude for Potions endearing. (Not enough to award points, the racist slimebag) When Neville blows up a cauldron every Slytherin takes a collective sigh of relief that they aren't his potion's partner. Millie is her potion's partner and Hermione clings to her like a lifeline. She follows Hermione around and sometimes even leads when she notices how lost her friend is. It's a good friendship they have. Pansy purses her lips and glares alongside Daphne Greengrass. Tracey Davis laughs at something Blaise says. The common room fills with children and near-adults. ''Seventeen is the majority?'' Hermione remembers asking. ''That's weird! And you just get married off like cattle, huh?'' At that Headgirl bristles because she's ensnared in such an arrangement. In the common room anyone willing enough to humour the genius first year answers Hermione's questions. ''Can anything break the glass?'' She points at the glass window separating her common room from certain death by drowning, mermpeople, and squid. ''It's magic.'' Blaise Zabini (unnaturally symmetrical for a twelve year old) says. ''It can't be broken.'' Hermione nods, mildly satisfied with the answer. She'll still try and find the spell capable of doing it. Just so she can find ways around it. ''Do any of you have normal sounding names?'' Theodore Nott raises his hand in the common room while they're all studying for upcoming tests. He makes her laugh, that lanky boy who never makes a problem for anyone. He, too, is a sponge that collects information. Not for academic purposes, though. ''Nott to sound rude, but when are you going to tie that tie Nott properly, Nott?'' Hermione snaps her fingers and finger guns at Theodore Nott who silently turns away and buries his head in his book. ''Please get resorted.'' Tracey Davis pleads. ''Can't do that.'' Hermione says while nodding. ''I belong here. Hat said so.'' ''You won't be breaking any rules.'' Draco Malfoy tries to go past Hermione's rule abiding principles. ''It's perfectly fine for a student to change houses. Especially mudbloods.'' Hermione bobs her head right and left and says. ''Malfoy, really, now, you know I can't do that. I love it in Slytherin!