📖 I dont own anything! Lesson Learned Chapter1 The clacking of heels could be heard from the lobby as Alex angrily made her way to her department where her flight crew was scheduled to meet. Why on earth was she working less than a month before her wedding? Lord knows! But one thing is for sure, she is one pissed of Flight crew right now. "Why the long face?" Paul, her long time friend and colleague asked as he watched her plop down on the stool beside him. "I don' t know. Maybe its because I was suppose to head home not 10minutes ago, before I got a call that some junior decided to go AWOL on her flight. Dumb bitch." Alex was pissed alright, not even bothering to lower her voice on the last part. "Im pretty sure she did not know you were on reserve sweetie, or else she would have shown up for her flight" "If I find one damn picture on her facebook account about her partying all night, she's dead meat." Alex threatened, not even fased that the rest of her crew were listening. Without being at least scared of his friend's threats, Paul handed the flight details and General Declaration (Immigration Requirements) to Alex. The pre flight breifing was short and filled with threats, as Paul happily supplied all the needed details that would likely to transpire if anyone of the junior flight attendants ever failed to meet Alex's requirements for her flight. Alexandria or Alex as everyone called her at work, was known as the office bully and all time bitch. Taking her work very seriously but also had the taste for putting people in their place if they ever got out of line with her. So it was a wonder that when she flew with Paul on his first day at work, they hit it off quite quickly and became inseparable ever since. He was the one who supplied all the office gossips and major attitude problems with spme of their colleagues and Alex was the one who threw the punches. Such the dynamic duo. Alhough at times, even Paul would admit it to himself, that Alex does get carried away at times, and would mostly feel sorry for the unfortunate human being to ever crossed paths with Alex, but he wouldn't dare bring it up with her. It was always her personal problems that would remind Paul why Alex was, well Alex. And he knows he is the only person that Alex has ever confided in, no matter how rude or blunt Alex was, he would never betray her like that. It was a plus that she would always save him from all the guys that he dated that only took advantage of him or his money. She never questioned or judged. She was always just a call away, thus the unusual friendship within the two. "Tom's going to be pissed." Bringing Paul out of his musings. Abruptly swinging his head to find his bff hunched, staring on her phone. "I know I'm gorgeouse babe, but should he know by now that your not my type." Trying to lighten the mood. "We were suppose to go out tonight, something about unwinding since the news about our engagement everything's kind of been crazy. And I mean batshit crazy. Appointments, calls, meeting everywhere. And now my work got in the way. Again." Feeling actually drained, and defeated. Alex never understood how someone so close to getting married to a guy most women would kill for, could not actually feel just slight bit of cold feet or excitement. Would she even admit to herself that she was not even excited for her own wedding? "Is he not answering your calls?" Paul asked, " maybe he got caught up at work too." He added. "He answered before I reached the floor, and now Im just getting his voicemail." Finally confiding to her friend that her fiancee might actually be angry at her this time. This was their fourth attempt in the last 2 months and it was always his work or her work that got in the way. Actually, it mostly Alex's. "He knows your what your work is honey, Im pretty sure he understands that time is not actually a luxury for us." Actually, Paul was not sure. He was out right gay, but he would gladly punch the guy if given the chance. Tom was not really the nicest person and he sometimes wondered why Alex ever bothered with him, much less got engage to him. He was handsome, with right family background and above average work. Money was never an issue with Tom, but his ego is. "You know, I would gladly pay you half of my salary for this month, just to hear you quote from one those hollywood movies with those fake british accents." Finally deciding that it was a futile attempt, to contact her fiancee who is obviously ignorig her on purpose, to face her bff while plastering a convincing smile on her face. "You love me." Finally letting out the breath he was holding, not liking seein his bff unhappy. "Yes, and if you weren't actually gay I might hit on you." Returning to their old behaviour of bantering. "eww, and if I was not gay, I might actually say yes..." Paul answered looking down at his friend. He might be gay, but he knows how and when to appreciate real feminine beauty if he ever saw one and Alex was definitely one of the rare ones. Flowing wavy black hair that was such a contrast to her pale peachy skin and big brown eyes framed with the thickest lashes, cute button nose and pink glossy lips with the bottom just a little bit plump than the top lip, rosy cheeks all in a heart shaped face with a body most women would kill for, tall and lean with the curves in all the right places. "but eww! No." He added throwing his arm around her shoulders as they scurry throught the airport to get the plane on time, he just could not imagine himself being with any girl, even someone as stunningly gorgeous as Alexandria. 0-0-0-0 "That bitch on the first row will definitely have something to complain about if she doesn't stop her whining about the damn turbulence." Paul muttered as he plop down on tne jumpseat by the rear galley beside Alex. "I would have asked about she said this time, but never mind" Alex answered as the palne suddenly jolted a little harder to the right, causing Alex to firmly hold onto Paul. "That was a big one. Why doesn't Captain turn on the seatbelt sign?" Glancing at the fasten seatbelt sign located at the ceiling. As if on cue, a loud single "DING!" was heard and the Captain's voice blasted thru the speakers. "Ladies and Gentlemen, this is your Captain speaking. As of now we are at our cruising altitude of 38000feet, with a lot of cloud build ups, we will try to wiggle our way through and avoid them but as a precaution, we have turned on the fasten seatbelt sign for your own safety, please make sure they are securely fastened. Please refrain from standing up or go to the lavatories at this time. We will update you with our destination's current weather forecast as soon we get radio contact with New Zealand Air traffic Control. Thank you for bearing with us." "Ding! Ding! Ding!" A blue attendant call button lighting up at seat 1A. "That bitch! " as Paul shakily got his feet, the turbulence was getting worse and was getting frequent. "No, I'll get it. " Alex stood up, covering for her friend. Slowly making her way up to first class, while trying to hold onto the seats for support. "No way, Im comming with you. Wouldn't miss this for the world." Deciding that this show was definitley one he would gladly watch as Alex would definitely put that woman her fake Louis Vuitton in her place. When all of a sudden a loud bang was heard before the plane jolted upward, throwing Alex who was much lighter a few feet of the floor, banging her head on one of the over head bins, causing it to open and all the crew luggage to fall out. "Alex!" As Paul tried to reach his friend and check her head for any concussion. The entire cabin was now in a buzz, somewhere jolted awake and some where holding on their seat for support as they watch as Paul held on to Alex who was groaning in pain. "Alex are you alright?" Shaking Alex into consciousness, "Must have been an air pocket." Alex answered. "One hell of an air pocket if you ask me." Just as all the lights went out and all that could be heard were the screams form the passengers around them. And stronger turbulence rocked the plane this time, sending Alex and Paul who were the only people out of their seat into mid air and was never able to reach the aircraft floor again. 0-0-0-0 Light, there was so much light blasting Alex thru her eyelids. Even with her eyes closed, she could tell she was no longer inside the plane. Did we land?,she thought. "ALEX!" It was Paul, but he was much farther. And why was he shouting at her from this far, couldn't he just shake her and whisper soflty for her to get up. "ALEX! I KNOW YOU'RE AWAKE! DO NOT MOVE!" What the hell? Finally opeing her eyes as the suns rays did blast her, squinting her eyes to adjust to the brightness, she found herself slung over a wide tree branch, face down. Way below, to find Paul watching at her in horror. "Thank god your alright! But don't move!" Paul shouted, Finally realizing her current predicament, Alex tried to look at her surroundings to assess the damage. Did they crash? If so, where was everybody else? And where are they? Moving around to get a better view from were she perched on the tree. There was only miles and miles on greenery, and gorgoues mountains and land scapes ahead of them. A place which she definitley does not recognize. "Alex! Can you climb down?" Paul asked, "No! Does it look like I climb trees for a living?" Alex answered obviously irritated, "Well, how in the hell did you get up there?" Paul shouted back, irritated that his friend chose this day, of all days to rear her up bitch head. "I don't know! Just get me down from here!" "Okay! God!" Running his hand thru his hair out of frustration. If the fall will not kill her, I probably would! He thought. "Why don't you try putting your foot on one of lower branches." "Paul, I don't think that is such agood idea." "Do you want to get down or not?" Scaring her probably is best idea he had, so far. "Fine!" Alex shouted, scared shitless about climbing down the tree, better her than both of them stuck. Right? Left foot, right foot. That wasn't so bad. Alex thought, as she continued her way down the enormous tree for some unknown reason she was stuck on. How did she even get up there in the first place would forever remain a mystery. Her only concern now would be to get down without breaking any bones. No luck on her clothes though. Still in her uniform, the slit on the side from her black pencil skirt had ripped all the way up her midthigh, her stockings are badly ripped, she was missing a shoe and her blouse had untucked on the side and a scratch on her left temple, making her look like someone who had obviously survived a plane crash. Where was everybody else anyway? "Almost down sweetie." Paul supplied, watching his friend carefully climb down. He wasn't looking his best