Chapter 1: Kissing a stranger James's POV Diagon Alley was quiet. There were few people making their way along the bricked path; lunch was over and everyone had rushed back to their jobs or had moved on for the day. The sun was high in the sky giving a welcome warmth, and mystical glow to the alley. I couldn't help but want to lift my head and close my eyes; letting the sun soak into my skin would have been a great way to spend my afternoon. It was rare, these days, that I could walk along a street like Diagon Alley and not get flocked by fans. Normally glamour's were needed just so I could go about everyday tasks. Being able to walk along the bricks like I had done as a child with my parents, all those years ago, was relaxing. Sirius Black, my best friend since the beginning of our first year at Hogwarts, had convinced me that we needed to spend the afternoon together. Apparently, he was feeling neglected, and he needed some advice. But Sirius, being Sirius, avoided talking about himself and asked me all about Quidditch. Sirius frowned. His hands in his pockets as we walked. "You said that they told you that practice would be on Monday's, Wednesday's and Friday's, why would they change it at the last minute?" I nodded. I had been recruited to play as a chaser for 'Puddlemere United' in my seventh year at Hogwarts. They had wanted me to play that season, but after a long discussion with my parents and friends, I decided to train with the team but wait until I finished school. I got to know my teammates well through the weekly training sessions, and now three years later I was one of the main chasers on the team. "They did," I said. "But apparently the changes couldn't be helped and if we want to get some field time then we better suck it up and deal with it. More likely, Harold complained that he couldn't commit to those days and because he is the golden boy everyone has to deal with what he wants." There were a few teammates that I would have preferred to not deal with, but with like every job, there were people you didn't like. Sirius smirked. "Because no one ever used their popularity and skill in Quidditch to get what they wanted." He looked pointedly at me. I rolled my eyes. "That was school. This is meant to be professional Quidditch." If I wanted to deal with favouritism I would have stayed in school. Sirius reached out and grabbed my shoulder. "It is professional." He smiled. "Do you not see your paycheck after every match? Or advertisement?" I rolled my eyes again. How I had put up with him for so long, I didn't know. I nudged his hand off me and said, "You know that isn't what I meant." He nodded. "I know. But working as an Aurora isn't much better. Just this morning, in the break room, I overheard Kingsley and Roberts gossiping like two girls. They were even giggling." He looked weirded out. I asked, "Who were they talking about?" Sirius looked away from me. "Mad-Eye got a new assistant. The girl likes to wear low cut shirts. And if I were straight, I am sure that I would have had a go around by now." "Does Moony know about this girl?" Moony, or Remus, was another friend from school. Sirius and I had met him on the train and dubbed him our mother hen. It wasn't until our fifth year at school that the two admitted they were in love. And had been ever since. Sirius said, "Yeah. But he knows that he is the only wolf I want." "Speaking of which, have you asked him yet?" I asked. Sirius had wanted to ask Remus to marry him for months. But the boy had lacked the Gryffindor courage. He shook his head. "No. I can't find the right moment." He fiddled with his coats buttons. I said, "You have had the ring for three months!" "I know, I know." He waved his hand at me. Shooing me like a fly. "I almost did it yesterday. We just had the most amazing-" I covered my ears and said, "I don't want any of those details." He smiled and chuckled. "Right, sorry. But we had finished and just looking at him I wanted to ask." I asked, "Why didn't you?" He shrugged. "Because I thought he might think it was lame. It wouldn't have exactly been romantic." I threw my arm over his shoulders and gave him a squeeze. "Moony isn't some high school girl who wants a dozen red roses and some fancy meal. He wants you to be you. Take him out for a ride on your bike, somewhere you both love, and just ask him. No stress, no mess." His eyes widened and so did his smile. "That's a great idea." He clapped my arm. "This is why you are my best friend." "Really? I thought it was because nobody else can put up with you," I said. "Ha-ha." He poked his tongue out at me. Real mature. "Is that James Potter?" Both Sirius and I snapped our heads to the left. Two young girls, most likely teenagers, were standing in the doorway of some shop both staring at him. Their mouths open, completely shocked at seeing me. "What? Where?" Another girl appeared behind them. "There!" One pointed at me. "Oh shit." Sirius grabbed my jacket and nudged me back in the direction we had come from. "JAMES! OH, MY, GOD! IT IS!" One of the girls squealed and pushed past her friends. Sirius nudged me harder. "You better run mate." I nodded. "Yeah, I'll catch up with you later." Turning and taking off, it was days like these I was grateful that Quidditch required me to be fit. It allowed me to escape those chasing me. "JAMES WAIT!" One voice called after me. I jumped around a woman who suddenly changed direction. Jumped over a cart of apples, and pushed my way between two men who yelled at me. "COME BACK!" I ducked and turned left into another alley. There were more people, and while it slowed me down it also slowed down the girls. "MARRY ME, JAMES!" The screaming girls caught the attention of the people around us. More people seemed to notice who I was. I frowned and ducked around another corner. "I LOVE YOU!" I spotted a bookshop on the corner and pushed my way past a man who was exiting. Stumbling inside, I slid behind a shelf and knocked into someone. "Watch it." I took a second to take a deep breath and relaxed. "That was a close one." I then noticed the person I had knocked into dropped four books on the floor. "Oh, sorry. I didn't see you." "Clearly." He sounded annoyed and put out by my sudden appearance. I collected the books and stood. "Here." He took them from me and tucked them under his arm. "Thank you." I couldn't help but admire the handsome young man. He was certainly not some I expected to find in a bookshop. He had shiny black hair that fell just below his shoulders. His skin was pale but it suited him. And his eyes were the darkest eyes I had ever seen, but they looked warmer than any other. I smiled at him and tried to look apologetic. "I am sorry. Had to dodge a few girls." He frowned and wiggled his nose. Like he disapproved of me. "Trying to keep your multiple lovers from discovering that they exist?" he asked. I let out a soft laugh and scratched the back of my head. Clearly, he either didn't care who I was or wasn't a Quidditch fan. Which either it was, I found it refreshing. "No. They want my autograph. And to marry me." His frown didn't lessen. Instead, he moved to walk past me. "I think he went in here." I frowned at the voice. It was one of the fan girls. "I'll check down here," said another girl. "Shit." I stepped closer to the young man, I needed to do something so they wouldn't think it was me. "What are you doing?" The man took a step back. I grabbed his shoulders and said, "Shh. Just act natural." He tried to step out of my grip. "I am. You are the one who is acting weird." I looked around, but I couldn't think of anything. The young man was glaring at me now. But his eyes still held a warmth that made my heart skip a beat. He was beautiful. He shoved at my stomach but instead of letting him go I pulled him closer. "Wha-" I cut off his words with my lips. His lips were warm and soft against mine. His breathing and body froze for a second before his tongue touched mine. I cupped his cheeks and allowed myself to feel every inch of his mouth. My brain was screaming at me to not let this end. And my body wanted to feel more of him. He was the one who pulled away. I had to hold down the whimper that wanted to protest the loss of his warmth against me. "Wow." It was the only word I could manage. His eyes were filled with shock and desire. "That was…" He touched his lips and looked down at the floor. "Wow?" I asked, hoping he would agree. His face changed quickly. His eyes turned sharp and he glared at me. His hand lifted up quickly and struck me across the cheek. "Don't just go around kissing people who don't know you." He struck my cheek again before turning away and storming out of the store. "Wait, what is your…name," I called after him but he was gone. "Damn it!" Severus's POV "What kind of man does such a thing?" I dusted off my shoulder as I stood next to the Floo. The whole way home, I couldn't believe the nerve of that asshole. Who just sticks their tongue in someone else's throat. "And then has the audacity to imply that I enjoyed being molested by a complete stranger." I stepped out into the hallway, heading down to my room. "Do you make a habit of talking to yourself?" I jumped and said, "Shit!" Behind me stood my mother. Eileen Snape. She was always surprising me. "Language." I forced a smile. "Sorry ma, you surprised me." "I don't know why. I live here too," she said. Moving past me, we entered the kitchen and with a wave of her wand the dishes started to dance along the bench top. And with another wave, the broom in the corner began to clean the floor. I said, "I thought you were out today." She said, "My plans were cancelled." "Oh." I had been hoping to visit Lily and discuss what had happened, but I knew my mother liked us to spend time together. And with my busy schedule as an apprentice, we hadn't seen a lot of each other. She asked, "Did you get the books you wanted?" I nodded. "Some." "Were they out of the others." "No." "Then why didn't you get them?" "Um…" "Does it have to do with a 'stranger molesting you'?" She smirked. It was like she could read my mind. "Maybe," I said. It was something I really wanted to discuss with my mother. "Do you want to talk about it?" I shook my head. "Not really, no." She shrugged. "Okay. Well, I will be out in the garden if you want me for anything." I nodded. "Okay. I was going to head over to visit Lily, anyway." "Very well. Tell Lily I said 'hello'." She waved me off and walked out the door. "I will." I stood in the kitchen for