Hello! Welcome to Firefly. This is the sequel to a series I wrote a while back called Faith. You don't need to read that story to read this one, I promise. It's pretty terrible anyway. I hope you enjoy! Lilith This is truly the best day of the year. The best month of the entire year was about to start. A month where we hardly did work in school. A month where our parents would let us stay up late watching TV. We'd eat popcorn and pizza and glue our eyes to our screens. This month, my friends would crowd into my living room every day, making bets between each other, hoping our favorites would make it, just for today. We could do whatever we want; my parents were usually out all day and night betting on tributes, and watching the Games with their friends from work. But this year would be the best Hunger Games of all. It would start as normal; we would have the day off and the whole family would watch the choosing ceremonies together in our living room. Just the four of us, for now. My parents liked it to just be us at the very beginning, so that they could lecture us on exactly what was happening, and what the Hunger Games meant. But then, in exactly one week, the opening ceremonies would happen. The Tributes would come to the capital, and this year I would get to go. I would get to see the Tributes in their lavish costumes as they faced the Capitol and Panem for the first time. I had begged my Dad to take me. He and Mom went every year, being as important as they are, and last year he finally promised to get me a ticket as well. "It's very crowded, you must understand," he told me, "And it can get rowdy. You're just not old enough." But this year, I was. Damian was very upset when he found out he wasn't allowed to go. But he's four years younger than I am. He can wait. And he would be going to the interviews with us too, right before the Games started. It would be the first year for both of us going to the interviews. My parents used it as a social event, and thought having us there would make it difficult for them to start making bets. But this year, they finally gave in. After all, all of our cousins got to go to the interviews. This would be the best month of my life. All of my friends were jealous, of course. Every since we were little, we had always dreamed of going to all of the ceremonies, being able to see the Tributes in person and not on screen. We could always try to see them when they fist came in on the trains, but it was always very crowded, and my parents wouldn't let me skip school to go. Castalia was almost angry with me when I told her I would be able to go to both ceremonies. She didn't talk to me for a week, and when I finally confronted her, she told me that, "It's not fair that you get to have everything, Lil," and then accused me of bragging just because my father had a better job than hers. I don't believe I've ever done that. When I asked Abel if I ever acted snobbish, he just scoffed and said, "Don't listen to Cas. She's just jealous. You're one of the most humble people I have ever met." I couldn't be mad at Castalia though. Her parents work in economics too, but they didn't hold as high of a position as my father. They started having hardships last year, when their parents bet a lot of money on Rone, the boy from District 4, very early on. They weren't the only ones, but they placed so much money with Rone. He ended up dying not long after the bloodbath. Not only was Cas's family humiliated, but they lost a ton of money. Things had been stressful at her house ever since. I had a couple more friends too, like Ronan and Parker and Jade and Hecate-but Cas and Abel had always been my best friends. Abel, unfortunately, wouldn't be coming over for the Games this year. I had tried to make plans with him, but he shrugged me off, saying that he was just going to watch them with his family. Ever since we've been friends, which is since we met in First Year, he's been coming over to my house for the Games. I didn't ask why. He'd been acting aloof and strange for the past couple of months. I didn't push it, I figured there was some family stuff going on at home he didn't want to talk about. His older brother left to go train Peacekeppers in District 2 several years ago, and I thought it may have something to do with that. Children of well off parents like his didn't go off into the districts to go train police officers. "Call Castalia!"I said before I got out of bed. In a few seconds, she shows up on my screen, her face ten feet tall. Her, long, light brown hair was already curled, dancing around her head and gliding off of her shoulders. Her makeup was done as well, light green eyeshadow and brown eyeliner around her brown eyes. She was sitting on her bed, already dressed in a white and green polka dot dress and matching heels. On her head, she wore an emerald crown. "Oh districts, Lil," she exclaimed, "You're not even out of bed!" "It's seven in the morning," I yawned, swinging my legs out from under the covers. "Yes, and the reapings start in two hours!" "So, that means I have plenty of time to get up," I stand up and scratch my arms. "Oh would you-stop!" she looked disgusted, and I laughed. "This is not funny!" she pursed her lips, making her mouth incredibly small, "If you don't start putting more effort into your appereance, when you're older-" "When I'm older," I muttered, "I'm already older." In six months my regular schooling would end, and I would be expected to start working toward a career. Most everyone around my age already had their heart set on something, but me, I kept pretending the day would never come at all. "You should have been up an hour ago, at least!" Cas kept blabbering on. "It's my day off!" "You need to get into the habit. On school days, you do the same thing!" She started pacing around her room as I started to brush out my hair, "You practically where the same outfit every day, and everyone notices-" "Do people really care about me that much," I roll my eyes and start looking through my closet. "Yes!" she practically yelled, "Because you're a rich girl and you dress like you don't care!" "I don't care," I yawn again as I examine a gray dress. "Exactly. Hera Wilxon things you're starting a rebellion." "She gets all of that from the way I dress?" I chuckle to myself. Hera Wilxon wasn't incredibly smart, and she thought everyone was starting a rebellion after studying the 75th Hunger Games in class. "Didn't she say you were starting a rebellion because you flirted with her boyfriend once," I reminded her. "So Hera was a bad example, I'll admit," Cas shrugged, "But honestly, it's hard being around you sometimes. Just plain hard. People are always asking me about you, wanting to know why you're so strange-" "Your life must be so very difficult," I'm practically ignoring her, trying to decide between two different gray dresses. "And what do I say?" "That you're not some bitch who judges people on the way they dress?" I decide on the gray velvet dress with the red bow. "It's not just the way you dress Lil, we've been over this," she sighed, "It's everything about you." After Cas cuts off the connection, I put on my smooth gray dress and tie my blonde hair up into a bow. I dressed a bit differently from the others; I opted for more neutral tones instead of colorful clothes, but it wasn't like I was the only one who did that. And there were other things too, for sure. I could be outspoken in history class, sometimes being on the unpopular side of debates, but it wasn't like I was alone in that either. Everybody had differences, something that made them different from everyone else. I didn't know why I had to be perfect just because of who my parents are. I exit my room and walk down my hallway, past my bathroom, closets, and entertainment quarters. I enter the main part of the house and see my father looking down at his portable screen. As I said before, he works in the economy. I didn't understand his job; I never really cared for it. And then I see my mother, already sitting at the dining room table. Helen Snow. The sister of the president. Posy Snow had been elected not long after his father, the former president died. My mother was his little sister. "Lilith!" My father sees me staring down from the balcony, "Just in time for breakfast! Your brother, on the other hand..." "I'm here!" Damian rushes in next to me from his hallway. Even Damian wouldn't sleep in late on reaping day. We both make our way down the main staircase. At the bottom is the foyer, where my father was sitting. The dining room, where my mother is, is just to the right. On the left is a sitting area where we will watch the ceremonies today. Our house is bigger than most, but not as big as it could be. My parents didn't want too big of a house. My mother grew up in the president's mansion, and she said it often felt empty and hollow. My family sits at the dining room table while one of our servants, Vera, brings out our breakfast. Usually breakfast is an assortment of fruit and wheat toast to keep us healthy. But today we are celebrating. She lies dishes of scrambled eggs, bacon, mini sausage, french toast, pancakes, and waffles out on the table, far more than is needed for just the four of us. I figured the servants eat our leftovers. At least, that's what I hoped happened. It seemed wasteful to me to throw all of this food out. Today, I gorged myself. I figured holiday's were when people could let themselves go and do what they wanted. I would get the full enjoyment of today's reaping day. I ate until I didn't feel I could felt like I was going to pop, like a balloon with too much air. Vera took the plates away, and my parents both fell silent, staring down at their portable screens. My father was probably doing something for work. My mother was just probably speaking to a friend. Being the president's daughter, she had never had to work a day in her life. She didn't want to get into politics like her brother did. "All I wanted was to build a family," she told me once. I'm used to this silence; after all, we can't all be attentive to each other all of the time, with there being so much going on in the world. My brother was also looking down at his screen, probably talking to a friend, so I pulled out mine and sent a message to Abel. He didn't answer. I sighed. I hoped that everything was all right with him at home. I wanted to help him, but at the same time I didn't want to pry. Abel was the type of person who liked to keep some things private, which I respected. But I just hoped that whatever was making