My main language is not English, and I'm learning it for just a few years, so I'm sorry, if there are mistakes in it The two little Halflings no longer knew, where are they going. Uphill, downhill, left and right, just this was left in them. Although the cloth before their eyes, placed by Faramir's men, wasn't very tight, losing a sense was always hard to a man, to a hobbit, or to any other being. They didn't know anything, and it bothered them. Where are they? Where are they going? How long are they going, and how much time is back? These and similar thoughts ran through their brain, and when they finally stopped, they loosed the rest of their sense of direction, when the soldiers turned them around a few times. They went up on some kind of mountain, and they heard, that the sound of the waterfall, what followed them in their way, became more and more quiet. After awhile, the soldiers picked them up and they went down the stairs, for quite long time. They turned to somewhere, and the Halflings heard the roar of the waterfall, now very close. Faramir told the guards to take the cloths off of their eyes, and then showed the waterfall to Frodo and Sam – they both watched it with amazement. Then they went behind the waterfall, to a cave, which –as they learned from the captain- was the hiding place of the gondorian soldiers and had a major set of food and weapons. The sun was almost gone, and the dark cave was lit by torches. The soldiers started to prepare for the dinner – meanwhile, the hobbits sat on a bed, and watched the Captain of Gondor, who asked out all incoming people. First, the pursuers of the scattered orcs returned, and then the scouts – but Faramir still stood worried before the waterfall, staring into nothing. "What are you thinking about, oh Great Captain of Gondor?" asked a female voice, which was especially strange in that place, full of men. Frodo saw a woman, dressed as the other men there. If she didn't spoke or take off her hood, what hid her reddish-brown hair, they wouldn't notice her. Faramir turned around and was filled with calmness – the hobbits noticed, that he probably worried about her. "About a lot of things, and yet nothing," he answered with a half-smile to the woman, who leaned to the wall. She put down her bow and turned around. "See? Worry about me was unnecessary, Faramir. I am safe and sound, just like before I gone. I told you so." "Really, and unfortunately I forgot the rule – Naira is always right." "Just as you say!" she nodded in complete agreement, and then looked at the corner, noticing the hobbits. "What kind of beings are these?" She walked toward them, while curiously eyeing them. With her approach they noticed what they hadn't before – although her hair wasn't black and her dress was similar to the Gondorians, her face and eyes was just like the peoples, who had been attacked by Faramir's troops. "Halflings, from the other side of Middle-earth," Faramir replied to Naira, who reached the front of Frodo and Sam, leaned close and examined them. "Interesting. So that's how those little beings called hobbits look like, had been told by Mithrandir?" She looked up to the captain, who nodded as an answer. "I got it." She stood up and continued. "I think I should introduce myself. My name is Naira, and I'm the daughter of the former captain of Gondor, Nairen. And whom can I respect in your person?" The woman looked at the hobbits, while she eyed them with the same retriever-look like Faramir did. "My name is Frodo Baggins, son of Drogo; and he is my gardener, Samwise Gamgee. We're hobbits from Hobbiton, in the Shire. " "Shire! Mithrandir told a lot of about it, I mean, when they felt like he want to be with me and Faramir. Hindsight, it was just a few times, and when we asked something, his answer raised many more question than answer. I feel that I'd need more than an elf-life to understand Mithrandir, but I could never really get to know him." Faramir looked at the remaining peoples who just arrived, then whispered something to Naira's ear, who nodded and the man went away. "This is typical of Mithrandir, or, as we know him, Gandalf. " Frodo's remaining joy has disappeared, as he remembered their killed comrade. "My lady, may I ask you a question?" "You may, and if the question is so, it will be answered." "You said that you learned Mithrandir's stories with Faramir. Did you also know the Captain's brother, Boromir?" he asked with interest, and Naira sighed. "Yes, I knew him. He was older than us, five years older than Faramir, and six years older than me. However, it didn't matter, he always played with us, and we grew up together. We were in trouble a lot, as children usually do. Boromir was the main instigator, I followed him, "she smiled at the memories, and continued staring at the floor. "And Faramir… Well, he was also in the happenings, though with less zeal then his brother. When Boromir became an adult and a captain, he didn't do such things. Not that he didn't want it, but he had other duties." "It seems like, the two of them were very close to each other," Frodo smiled, and the women looked at him. "Yes, they were. Although, their father always praised Boromir, and didn't even notice Faramir, they weren't separated from each other, in fact. Boromir always tried to help to his brother, and did together nearly everything. The only argue, what they had, been about…" Naira stopped, and stood up, biting her lips. "About?," they asked, while looking at her with interest. She looked around, to see, that Faramir isn't there, and then sighed. "About I became Boromir's fiancée. This was more a kind of agreement between my father and theirs, then a real engagement. I loved Boromir, but only as a friend… He knew this, but ignored it. He was too self-willed and stubborn to realize, love can not be created by will and force. " "Especially, if somebody other already took that place in the heart," said Frodo with a wise bright in his eyes, and Naira realized, that for some time now, she was watching Faramir. "Yes, especially…" She smiled mischievous, and looked at Frodo. "You are a very strange kind. Just as big as a child, but now I see, that you're heart is large. You have the same wisdom as the other nations; moreover, for some reason I can't understand, it's easy to open up for you. "Faramir came toward them; Naira sighed and turned to the hobbits. "I'd better leave now. I hope, that we will meet again," she said goodbye with a small bow, and hurried beside Faramir. She whispered few words to his ear, for what the man looked at her with confusion, but nodded. For the hobbits, a very delicious meal and a long discussion ensued. Naira was sitting on a rock, what stood at a secluded corner of the waterfall. She watched the water, and memories crept into her brain… " I'm Naira. And what's your name?" asked a long, reddish-brown-haired girl from two brown-haired, blue-eyes boy. " My name is Boromir," pulled out himself the older, then bowed in front of the little girl, as he was taught to him. "And he's my little brother, Faramir. We are the governor's sons." " I got it. And what are you playing?" The little girl pointed at the wooden swords and shields. " Knight's fancy! Because when I grow up, I will be the leader of the armies of Gondor, and I will showdown with every enemy," waved Boromir with his sword. Faramir just stood there quietly, and smiled. " And why are you against a kid, only half the size? That's not fair." " It is true, but the battle is never fair. But, if you feel so sorry for my brother, then play with us, and help him!" Yes… That's how everything started – she thought " How did that come to your mind?" shouted the father of Naira at the three frightened child. "You could be captured! You could get hurt! You could even be killed!" He foamed with rage, and no longer restrained himself. "Sneak out during night, and peek the walls of Mordor! Boromir, I thought, that at least, you have more sense than this," he shook his head in disappointment, and gestured, that they can leave. The children went out of the room with painful face, and in the hallway, Naira sat down, and she swallowed hard, trying to sniff back her tears. " Hey, Nai, do not cry! There is nothing wrong," tried Boromir to calm her down, and sat down next to her. " He never yelled at me. But he was right. If he do not come in time, Faramir might be dead now!" Her eyes were red and her voice sometimes faltered. Faramir joined them, he sat at the other side of Naira, and stroked her back. " I might be. But I'm not. And now, that's all that matters, right? The past is gone; it's not worth dwelling on. We will not make more reckless things anyway!" "Yeah, of course," she muttered, smiling in herself, still staring at the blue water. " It wasn't a good idea to go ride right now," nettled Faramir, while he took off his soaked cloak. " Well, it wasn't. But who would have thought, that it will raining like that?" Naira asked, and unscrewed the water from her hair. "And now? What will happen?" " Well… We should stay here. It's not safe to wandering there in weather like that, and I don't even want to," he looked outwards the cave, what they saw at the side of the hill, when the storm broke. It was quite large, so the two horse and they both can be there comfortably. " But, there won't be very hot at night. We can't collect firewood, because all of the branches and twigs soaked," she muttered, while she tried to warm herself with her arms. " Are you cold?" Faramir asked, and when Naira nodded, he sat down, and hugged her with one arm. For a while, they sat there quietly, than finally Faramir broke the silence. " I'm sorry. It's my fault, I was not careful enough, it's rainy season now, yet, I didn't count with that. Moreover, I haven't told anyone of where we went, so we cannot expect their help." " It 's not you're fault, it's mine. I wanted to ventilate my head at all costs, before…" " Before you will be the wife of my brother." His voice was hoarse and weak, his head turned away from her. "… Yes. – This issue has affected both of them uncomfortable, because it was kind of marriage of convenience, the goal was to strengthen the blood lines, not to make the couple happy. " As the wife of Boromir, you'll be my sister-in-law, and I'll can meet you much less then now, to not to give rise to the people's scuttlebutt. Will not available to touch you, even if it kills me." " Yes, it's also a possible outcome. However, I also told Boromir, and would tell anyone, that I do not love him, no matter, how he want it. I'll be his wife, but only because my father and yours told me so, not because I want to. Not because of love, but of duty. " She hated to have to do this. She hated, that she had to get marry to Boromir, although, she never loved and will never love him as a lover. She hated it, because