Disclaimer: Harry Potter isn't mine, I'm just playing with the characters for my own twisted amusement. AN: I have no explanation for this, it just sorta happened. This is a non-magic AU, no time travel. They are all students at Hogwarts, which is essentially a prestigious boarding school. I decided to make this it's own "story" rather than add it to the one shot collection, because I am pretty sure there will be more to this, but I have no idea how much more. I'm kinda making it up as I go. Obviously, I have a LOT of WIP fics, but the plot bunnies are breeding faster than I can contain them! I just really liked this idea, so I figured I'd share it. Let me know what you think! There he was again. Tall, dark, and smug. She peered at him through narrowed eyes as he sat there eating his dinner, cutting his steak into small pre-measured bites. Who even does that? Tom Riddle was quickly becoming the bane of her existence. He had transferred to Hogwarts from, Durmstrang, an all-boys prep school at the beginning of the year, and from the moment he had been introduced to her, she took an instant disliking to him. Everything about him irked her, from his perfectly coiffed black curly hair that fell over one eye as if he had done it on purpose, his perfectly sculpted features that could rival the Statue of David, to his utterly perfect grades. Perfect. He was fucking perfect , and it pissed her off to no end. She managed to pull her gaze away from him, and stabbed her own steak with more force than necessary, cutting it into large misshapen chunks. As she scooped some mashed potatoes onto her fork before stabbing a chunk of steak, she smirked to herself shaking her head, as the thought popped into her head, 'I bet he doesn't even let the food on his plate touch .' "Hermione." A voice from across the table called out to her She shook herself from her thoughts of Riddle, and met the green eyes of her best friend, Harry Potter. "Um…you were doing it again." He said smirking at her as he bit into a dinner roll. "Doing what, exactly?" she asked in irritation moving her eyes back to her plate "Staring at Riddle." Harry said with a grin. "No I bloody well wasn't. Pfft, Riddle . He's a wanker, Harry." Hermione said with distaste, wrinkling her nose for good measure. "If you say so." He said wiping his mouth with a napkin and stood up, "I'm heading back to the common room, you coming?" She sighed, glancing down at her bag that was full to bursting, "No, I'm on my way to the library from here. If I don't start that paper for Professor Sinestra tonight, I'll never get it done on time." "Hermione, you do know that paper isn't due until the end of term, right?" He asked lifting an eyebrow. Yes, she bloody well did know that, but there was no way she was going to let Riddle show her up; that twat-waffle probably already had his finished. "Yes, Harry, I do. You realize that end of term is next week, right? Unlike you, I don't like to procrastinate." She said as she flung her bag over her shoulder and winced at the weight of her books. "Fine, I'll see you later then, I guess." He said as he made his way up the stairs while she continued on towards the library. Surprisingly, for a Friday evening, the library was packed with students. She huffed in annoyance as she made a bee-line towards the back of the library, to her secret study spot. The small private study room, which was in the far corner of the library, was a hidden gem that most students didn't even know existed. Wanting nothing more than to immerse herself in her work without being disturbed, she closed the door behind her and dropped her bag on the nearby chair. The problem with being the Head Girl, was that every student that had a question, or needed help, automatically gravitated to her, often cutting into her own study time. Normally it wouldn't bother her, but ever since he arrived, she had to work a lot harder than usual to remain at the top of the class. Currently, to her great displeasure, they were tied for the top spot, and it would be a cold day in hell that she would relinquish the honor of being named Valedictorian. Seven Bloody years she had held that spot, she wasn't about to lose it now. Tom Riddle would have to get used to the idea of being second best. She was so immersed in her reading, she hadn't noticed anyone had entered the room until she heard the door click shut. Without lifting her eyes from her book, she said, "No, the library does not have a loo, and no, you may not enter the restricted section without a pass." flipping the page she had just read absently. "While I assure you I have no current need of a loo, I am well aware that the restricted section is called such for a reason, Miss Granger." A smooth voice responded that made her freeze. Hermione's gaze slid from her book, and traveled up his freakishly tall frame, to meet his eyes which were looking at her expectantly, his mouth set in a firm line. "Riddle. What do you want?" she snapped without any pretense of politeness. The corner of his lips twitched at her tone, as he set his bag down by his feet, pulling out the chair across from her and taking a seat. "What makes you think I want anything?" he said raising one perfectly sculpted eyebrow at her as he proceeded to place his books and notebook on the table in front of him. She gritted her teeth, not missing the way his eyes flitted over her and the subtle implication of his words. "This room is taken. Please do close the door on your way out." She said dismissively as if shooing away a pesky insect. Looking back down at her book, she missed the look of indignation that flitted over his face before he masked his expression to one of cool indifference. "I see no sign on the door with your name on it, Granger, in fact, I think I'll be using this room more often now that I know it's here. It's much quieter than the rest of the library." He said curving his lips into a smug smile; one that she wanted to reach across the table, and slap off of his perfect face. "Joy." She said sarcastically and made another attempt to ignore him. "If I'm not mistaken, one of the primary responsibilities of the Head Girl is to make new students feel welcome. I'd hate to have to report you, given my rather frosty reception." He said leaning back in his chair with his arms folded across his broad chest, his eyes narrowed issuing a silent challenge. Hermione slammed her pen down onto her notebook, and plastered an overly fake smile on her face before she stood, giving him a small curtsy, "Oh, I'm sorry, my lord, I regret that we're fresh out of red carpets at the moment, is there anything else I can get you to make your stay here more comfortable? A foot massage perhaps?" Hermione spat sarcastically as she planted her hands firmly on her hips. Tom's lips twitched into a smirk, "We'll, it would be a start, I suppose." Hermione let out a frustrated sigh, and muttered something under her breath before retaking her seat that Tom could swear sounded suspiciously like ' pretentious douchebag' . "Have I done something to offend you?" he asked, unwilling to drop it until he knew exactly what her problem with him was. She lifted her eyes to his once again, and felt a pang of guilt at the look he was giving her, until she remembered how he used the very same look to suck up to all their professors. "As if you didn't know." She spat, leaning back in her chair to meet his gaze defiantly. "Actually, I don't. That's why I asked." He said looking at her expectantly. Hermione sighed, "Look, Riddle, I get that you're new here, and you're trying to make an impression and all that, but I've worked too long and too hard for you to come in here and fuck everything up for me." He raised his eyebrows at her bluntness, "Fuck what up, exactly?" "Oh drop the act, you know perfectly well what I'm talking about. I've been top of the class for the past seven bloody years, and I'm not about to come in second place to some perfect-looking, pretentious, smug, arsehole." Hermione seethed. His eyes widened, "What did you just call me?" "An Arsehole." Hermione repeated giving him a smug smile of her own as if to say, ' yeah, I said it, what are you going to do about it?' "No, not that part…did you just say that I was… perfect-looking ?" He asked leaning forward in his seat, his lips curving into a knowing smirk. "No, of course not, I… what? " She asked with a look of dawning horror on her face. Had she actually said that out loud? "Yes you did, you called me, and I quote, 'a perfect-looking, pretentious, smug arsehole.'" Tom repeated, enjoying watching her squirm for a change. "Oh for the love of Merlin, I just called you an arsehole, and that is what you took away from it? " Hermione said shaking her head as she picked up her pen, intent on trying to deflect. "You're not denying it though…"he said in a casual tone as he leaned back again in his chair, tapping his chin with his fingertip as he studied her. She lifted her gaze to his once more, "Just because I can admit that you are easy on the eyes, doesn't mean that I find you attractive. In fact, your personality is so repulsive, I daresay that if I have to be subjected to your inane comments for another minute, I might just throw up in my mouth." She spat, with a triumphant look as her words wiped the smirk off his face. "Well, Lord knows we wouldn't want that, your breath smells bad enough as it is." He retorted wrinking his nose in disgust. Hermione's mouth dropped open and she scoffed at his insult, "Yeah? Well, if my breath is so terrible, why are you still sitting here bothering me?" she asked and raised an eyebrow at him expectantly. "Because I felt that it was my duty to tell you. Really Granger, haven't you ever heard of a breath mint?" He said rising from his seat and taking a step towards her. Not one to back down from a challenge, she stood from her own seat, closing the distance between them until they were practically nose to nose, "Look who's talking, Riddle, everything that comes out of your mouth is utter bullshit." His lips crashed into hers with a bruising intensity, and her hands moved up of their own accord to tangle in his hair as she kissed him back hungrily. She squeaked in surprise when his arm shot out and swept everything from the table onto the floor, hoisting her up onto the edge in front of him. He tore his lips away from hers, and yanked her head back by a fistful of her hair, dragging his teeth over her neck as he parted her legs to stand between them. His lips brushed against her throat, and she sucked her bottom lip between her teeth when he rolled his hips into hers, letting her feel his arousal. "If I knew that this was all it would take to shut you up, I