Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter. AN: Another one. This one is going to be more of a Drama/Angst/Romance, rather than my usual comedies. I love the idea of Hermione and Tom meeting as children, and how their friendship impacts one another. I also wanted this to be more of a 'coming of age' sort of romance, so there will be a slow buildup. This story is obviously AU, as Hermione and Tom are the same age, and there is no time travel, though it takes place in the 40's. There is magic, and they will be attending Hogwarts together. Let me know what you think! Note: I have changed some facts for the purposes of this fic. "Hermione dear, don't wander too far." Her mother called out to her as she looked back over her shoulder where mother was sunbathing. "Yes, mum." she called back obediently, and continued walking down to the water's edge. The water was cold as it lapped against her small toes, but was a refreshing respite from the oppressive late afternoon heat. She walked along the water's edge until she came upon a rocky outcropping. She lifted her hand to keep the sun from her eyes, and studied the small rocky hill, deciding to climb over it to see if there were tidal pools on the other side where she might find small fish or crabs. As she pulled herself up and over the final boulder, she was surprised to see a boy who appeared to be about her age sitting at the edge of one of the small pools throwing bits of seaweed into it. "Oh, hello." Hermione said politely, brushing a few of her escaped curls back from her face. The boy looked up at her with a startled expression that he quickly hid with a scowl. "Who're you?" he asked bluntly, his dark eyes narrowing as he studied her. She had long wildly curly brown hair that was barely restrained by a light blue ribbon, a heart-shaped face with a smattering of freckles over her small pointed nose, pale pink lips that formed a small smile, and a light blue striped bathing suit covering her sun-kissed skin. It only took him a moment to recognize that this girl was not like him; she came from a wealthy family, if her expensive looking swim suit and hair ribbon were anything to go by. "I'm Hermione. And you are?" she asked in the same overly polite manner, as she took a few steps forward and knelt down at the edge of the small pool across from him. Clearly, his previous rudeness was not enough to deter her, and he sighed. "Tom." He answered shortly, once again picking up the seaweed and flicking small bits into the pool to watch the crabs fight over it. Her eyes lit up as they fell on the small green crabs in the tidal pool, " Carcinus maenas !" He looked at her again, furrowing his brows at her, "What?" " Carcinus maenas " she pointed to the small crabs in the pool, "They're Green crabs. Did you know that they are an invasive species? And that the females can produce up to 185,000 eggs at one time?" Hermione said excitedly as she bent forward to get a closer look. Tom snorted, "You're odd." Hermione looked back up at him through narrowed eyes with an annoyed huff, "Just because I enjoy learning, does not make me odd, Tom." She admonished Tom continued to study her for a moment, and seemed to make a decision. "I'm going for a swim, are you coming?" he asked as he stood looking at her expectantly. She glared at him for another minute before she finally gave a small nod and followed him back down the rocky hill to the water. They swam for the better part of an hour, and eventually moved back to the shallows where they could touch the bottom with their toes. "How old are you?" he asked, as he peered over at her. "Nine, but I'll be ten just next month." She answered, "What about you?" "Ten, but I'll be eleven soon." He said giving her a small smirk as if him being slightly older allowed him some form of authority over her. Just as she was about to speak, she heard her mother calling her. "That's my mum." Hermione said with a hint of annoyance as she began to make her way towards the beach. Tom followed, walking alongside her silently until they saw her mother approaching wearing a dark blue cover up, a wide brimmed sun hat, and sun glasses. "Hermione, dear, come, it's time to go." Her mother said shooting a disapproving look over at Tom that clearly said she did not appreciate his presence. Hermione turned back and smiled at Tom over her shoulder, "Goodbye, Tom." Giving him a small wave as she dutifully followed along behind her mother. As they walked away from him, he heard Hermione's mother admonishing her daughter, "Really, Hermione, how many times have I told you to stay away from those street urchins!" and he felt anger flare in his chest. As he continued to watch them walk across the beach, Hermione looked back at him once more with a small smile. It was only a moment later that he heard Mrs. Cole's whistle, signaling that it was time to return to the Orphanage. ooOo0oOoo The next summer, Tom sat at the edge of the tidal pool, examining the small periwinkles that were stuck to the rocks, and he found himself wondering what Hermione would say about them. He hadn't seen her again since that day they spent swimming the summer before, and he was annoyed with himself when he realized he was hoping he would run into her again. He was shaken from his thoughts a moment later when a familiar voice giggled, "I thought I'd find you here." He looked up sharply, surprised to see Hermione standing on the opposite side of the small pool. She'd grown a few inches since he'd seen her last, but she still wore the same kind smile. "I didn't realize you were looking for me." He said raising an eyebrow at her in a way that made him look much older. He too had grown taller, and his voice had grown a bit deeper since the las time they spoke. Hermione blushed at his implication, and stammered nervously, "Well, I meant that of all places, I'm not surprised to find you here near the tide pools." He smirked, not missing the way her eyes met his and quickly darted away as her cheeks reddened. He was aware that he was handsome although he was still young, and he enjoyed using it to his advantage. "Up for a swim, or are you worried you'll upset your mum?" he asked in challenge, hoping she would accept. "What my mum doesn't know won't hurt her." Hermione smirked back at him as her eyes sparkled with mischief. He reached his hand towards her, and she grasped it, her small fingers folding neatly in his, as he pulled her down to the water. "First one to that cave over there wins!" Tom called as he dove into the water and began swimming toward it, not looking back to see if she was following; he knew she was. By the time he reached the rocky shore where the opening to the cave was, he saw Hermione right behind him. "That's not fair, you cheated." She complained, as he grasped her hand to help her climb over the rocks. "No, I'm just faster than you." He said looking back at her giving her a teasing smile. The cave was dark, though it was light enough to see just inside the opening while the sun was still high in the sky. Tom found a large slab of rock, and he laid back on it, pulling Hermione down beside him. "So do you go to the public school?" Hermione asked breaking the silence that had fallen between them. Tom's eyes darted to hers, and he nibbled on his bottom lip thoughtfully. "I did, but I'm going to a new school this year." He said debating with himself on how much he should tell her. Her mother's cruel words echoed in his mind, and suddenly, he felt a strong desire to show her that he wasn't some common piece of trash. He was better . Hermione was looking at him expectantly, and he sat up and faced her, "If I show you something, can you swear to keep it a secret?" he asked A look of excitement lit up Hermione's eyes, and she nodded, "Yes, I promise!" He looked around for a moment, his eyes falling on a small sharp rock. He picked it up, and made a small cut on his palm, watching as the blood began to well up. "Tom!" Hermione cried, "What are you doing?!" she said reaching to pull the rock away from his hand and he caught her wrist. "You have to swear Hermione, I'm serious. Swear it in blood." He said holding the small rock against the palm of her hand, looking into her eyes for her permission. Finally, she nodded, and winced as she felt the sharp edge of the rock digging into her skin, turning her head away at the sight of the blood. He tossed the rock aside and clasped his still bleeding hand against hers. "Now swear it." He commanded her sharply, his dark gaze boring into hers. "I swear, that I won't tell anyone as long as I live." She said meeting his eyes defiantly, raising her eyebrows at him impatiently, "There, will you show me now?" The corner of his lips twitched at her impatience, and he closed his eyes for a moment, seemingly to concentrate, and then he began hissing . Hermione furrowed her brows in confusion and made to lean away from him wondering if he was mentally unstable until she heard a second hiss coming from somewhere behind her. She gasped in fright as a small snake slithered out of the darkness and made its way over to Tom. She watched in awe as the snake stopped before him, and reared up, it's black tongue flicking out, and its beady eyes trained on him. It hissed back, and Tom smiled before he turned to Hermione with a curious look. Hermione turned to see the snake watching her closely, and she didn't dare to breathe lest she provoke it into attacking her. "Did…did that snake just speak to you? She asked in disbelief Tom nodded, biting his lower lip, "Yes. He asked if you were magic too." Tom said turning to look at her curiously, "Are you?" he asked. Hermione took a deep breath. It never occurred to her that what she'd been experiencing her entire life could be called magic , especially since her parents constantly scolded her for accidentally making things happen. Behind closed doors, they referred to it as ' Hermione's little problem' . Rather than answer, she turned her head and focused on a piece of driftwood that sat nearby. Tom followed her gaze, and he watched in awe as the driftwood suddenly went up in blue colored flames. When she turned back to him, the flames extinguished on their own accord, and she blushed at the look of admiration he was giving her. "Is it really magic ?" she asked him. "Yes. A man came to see me. He told me that the reason I've been able to do things that the other kids can't, is because I'm a wizard. "he answered. Hermione snorted, " Wizards ? You're having me on." "I know, it sounds like something out of a book, doesn't it? But, apparently, it's real." Tom said shrugging his shoulders. "So is that why you're changing schools? To learn more about magic?" Hermione asked with a hint of jealousy. He nodded,