Disclaimer - I own nothing! Pathetic. That's what I am. That's what this is. I'm not even sitting, just sprawling on the floor, too messed up to care that my shirt is torn and one of my shoes is missing. I can't really do magic to save myself from this humiliation - might end up cutting the life line, and I'm not prepared to do that, not just yet. There're too many questions left. One is plaguing my mind as we speak… well, not really. There's nobody to speak to, just me and my thoughts, the very same ones I've been trying to get away from these past three years. Always been too good with potions, haven't I? Always known how to play with the ingredients to make the shimmering, bubbling liquids do whatever I want. Now I've found a way to forget, except it isn't really forgetting because it all comes back to me in the end. Waking up is the tricky part. Where will I be? How far have I gone? Will I be able to stop? Well, I'm awake now. No idea where, though. Maybe I've finally gone abroad, to Venice perhaps? It's time to stand up, time to find out what I've been up to lately. Am I in the news? Have I gone after Potter again, demanding him to return my old wand? I guess I can remember some parts of my miserable life even under the influence of the Forget-Me-Not potion, one of my own creations. Snape would be oh so profoundly proud. I lift my bloodied fist to see if I can still move my fingers. They are wiggling at me, mocking my sheer existence. Everything seems to be all right even though I smell foul and I believe I look even fouler. I miss my secretary. The damn woman should be here already. She's my beacon in the dark, guiding me back to the life I try to escape so desperately. Leaning my head against the solid wall behind me, I fumble through my pockets, trying to find a cigarette. I can never know if I still carry them with me since my counterpart is rather unpredictable. This time, I smile, my fingers brushing the battered pack. I'm in heaven for a tiny moment when the smoke encircles me, lingering close by even after the source is long gone. It's starting to get cold. I can't believe she's not coming for me. I try that idea of standing up, but my body is not functioning that well and I fall back, the skin between my shoulder blades getting slick with sweat. Maybe I'm finally too exhausted to move. Maybe I'm finally too beat to go further. Maybe this is my resting place. I look around, taking in my surroundings, feeling rather stupefied by what I see. I'm not alone. How did I ever survive the war with such perception skills? I guess I have to admit that I wouldn't be here if Potter hadn't felt so goddamn merciful. I'm in a drug house. That much even I can tell. Dirty rugs and mattresses, brown walls that have never even seen paint, people whose eyes are closed even though open, no sounds, no sun, no life. I breathe in quietly, hoping that I don't have too many needle marks tainting my perfect skin. I can't even tell if these people are Muggles or wizarding folk. I've lost my touch. Part of me wishes that she can't find me this time. I'll wither away, and not a single soul will miss me. Easier for everyone, easier for Mother… I wish I could be a better son. I wish I could take the shame. I wish I could walk on the soil of England and not feel like I'm destroying everything. I wish she wouldn't always find me. Women. They have too much willpower in them. This one thinks she can save me. Then it occurs to me, I haven't contacted her yet. Even with her superhuman abilities she can't really read my mind. If I don't tell her I'm back, she doesn't know where to look, not if I'm not in the news, not if I haven't shown my face somewhere. How long have I been gone? I search for my wand. More often than not, I wake up without it. I guess the other Malfoy, the one who got me into this mess, hates magic, or at least he attracts the wrong kind of people who are more than interested in stealing something so valuable. As usual, it's not there; it's nowhere to be found. How many wands have I lost since the first one? I still ache for the first one. I still miss it. I still frigging hate the bastard who took it. Growling in anger, I hit my head against the only solid thing in my world. Can't use a wand then; must do it manually. I pull up the sleeve of my left hand, revealing the disfiguring Dark Mark - my cool tattoo, as that dear secretary-woman calls it - and then bite the skin over the red mark as hard as I can, drawing blood. When the first drop enters my mouth, I stick my tongue out, willing the magic in me to work. Let her find me. The time passes slowly now that I know she must have heard me. She's connected to the Dark Mark, much like we, Death Eaters were once connected to the Dark Lord. It was something she did, her magic, her mind, her rather strange worldview. She seems to think that if I can't flee from her, I can't be completely lost either. She has a funny sense of humour, too. The loud CRACK tells me she has arrived, my dear angel. I feel laughter bubbling inside me, the need to let it out growing stronger with each subtle step she takes. It's insane how much I want to see her again. It's been so long. I can feel her near, searching for me. And there she is, looking at me, clearly angry but also relieved. She doesn't speak, like always, she just acts. Her blonde hair is even longer than before, and she's so small, so fragile, her pyjama-clad body shivering slightly. One could never believe how strong that fragile woman actually is. She walks to my side, hits me in the head with a news paper and then grabs my hand, Disapparating me the hell out of there. Once we arrive to her apartment, she pushes me on her comfy armchair by the fire, and sits on the coffee table opposite me, staring, her silvery eyes uncharacteristically intense and demanding. "Two months, six days, twenty-five minutes," she says, her voice low and void of her usual dreamy tone. "Oh," I manage to cough out, thinking that my throat must be occupied by a Niffler. I wish she would give me a drink already. Is she trying to torture me? "You give me nothing but 'oh'?" This time she sounds quite irritated. "Tell me again, why do I put up with this travesty?" she mutters, half expecting an answer, half knowing that there isn't one. I pay her well; she's not my girlfriend, and she very well knows that. She's not a servant either, just an amusing little addition to those few people I happen to trust. She knows her place, or at least she should know. My whole body is starting to ache. Withdrawal symptoms, perhaps? Or did someone break my bones in a fight? My bloodied knuckles tell me a story I really don't want to listen to now. "I want a bath," I say and she wrinkles her nose in disgust. I must smell really bad. She pulls me up, letting me lean my whole body weight against her small frame. "You stink," she confesses and makes me laugh out loud. She knows how to cheer me up. When she helps me out of my Muggle clothes and into the tub, I find myself wishing that she could be enough, that I would never feel the need to leave, ever again. Shoving me under the shower, she first rinses me clean of all the dirt, sweat and blood, then puts the plug in and fills the tub, constantly watching me, intrigued by the odd marks on my body. This isn't a routine to us, but still, I don't feel the least bit embarrassed. I'm too weak to do this on my own and she needs me back. It's a good deal. "Tell me about work," I say as I lean back, closing my eyes, letting the water warm me inside out. She grouches down, resting her arms on the side of the tub, speaking quietly now, warmly, too close to my ear. First, she tells me the good news: satisfied customers, mentions at the Ministry and the press, Potions Awards… We are successful, but there's trouble in paradise. "Remember Eldridge?" she asks. "He left us. Poof, he's gone." She whisks her hands up in the air, resembling her old self all of a sudden, and even though her words are worrying, I can't help but hide the smile that is forming on my face. "He's our best supplier," she continues, "and he just sent me a howler one day, demanding to know where you are, and why the Daily Prophet is saying you're insane." She's eyeing me from head to toe, seeing everything with those pale grey eyes of hers. Of course I remember Eldridge. I had to grovel to get him to trust us, trust me, and now I've lost him. Grovel, god damn it. Malfoys don't grovel. I sigh deeply, sinking, wanting to breathe underwater, but she grabs my hair and nonchalantly starts washing it, as though she hasn't just stopped me from becoming a very dead potions dealer. "Luna?" I taste her name on my tongue, and she ceases the awful scrubbing, but then continues quickly, unwilling to show me how much her name from my lips affects her. "Mmm..." She urges me to ask what I need to know. But I've lost the question, too. Do you hate me? What should I do? How can I get my life back? I don't want to know her answers. "Nothing." I lean into the touch of her soft fingers in my hair. She's not so violent with her movements anymore, just massaging my scalp, just being close. I think sometimes she touches me just because she misses human contact. Her father died last year, a disaster waiting to happen I tell you, but he was the only family she had left. I feel like her pet as she cleans the skin behind my ears, tickling me. She hums now, quietly, as though not even realising her own voice. I love the sound of it; it's soothing. "Ginny came to see me yesterday," she says suddenly, moving behind me, getting a better access to my wild hair. "She and Harry… they are getting married. Ginny is expecting and she wants to have the wedding before the baby's born." She knows I hate it when she talks about Potter. I can feel the deep frown forming and the headache pounding and… bloody hell, woman! "I'm not interested." "Of course you aren't," she says, and I can hear the smile in her voice. And then, she snakes her hands around me, resting her forehead against my shoulder, inhaling my scent, the cleanness of it. She doesn't say anything, she can't. There are no words, never have been, never will be. Finally she lets go, standing, walking to the door. "Holler if you need help getting up," she yells through the door and then she's gone. Alone with my thoughts I can't really escape the direction they take. It's always like this. When I come back, I'm ready to stay. When days turn to weeks… If I could borrow her