Harry stared up at the freakishly tall doors in front of him and wondered exactly why they needed such big doors. Seriously did they just want big door for sake of having big doors? Hogwarts had big oak doors, Beauxbatons had big elegant gates and Durmstrang had -. His train of thought was interrupted by an amused voice from behind him. "Are you going to knock anytime time soon Frost?" Turning he pinned the boy who spoke with blank grass green eyes. Laughing nervously the blonde blue eyed demon waved a hand. "You've been around us for the last few days and you still act so coldly! Frost I'm hurt!" Harry, now Cayden, rolled his eyes and ignored Derek and the rest of the group that walked up. True he'd been with them the last few days but that was only so that they could get through the trials and reach the school. He ignored the faint pang in his chest that called him a liar. He was good at doing that nowadays. Without responding he twitched his wand and a loud series of booms hit the door in front of him. Within seconds it opened to show a frosty eyed man leaning against the door jam. Cayden resisted the urge to laugh because he looked tiny against the size of the door. Running a hand through his hair he flicked the ice blue beaded hair over his shoulder. The black beads clacked pleasantly. "Congratulations, you are the second group to arrive here at Wakin Academy. Are there any fatally injured in your group?" The group shook there head but Cayden nodded but spoke before the man could move. "I'll handle it myself thanks." He said softly. Surprise flitted through the man's eyes before he laughed. It was an enchanting sound, and Cayden saw some of his group lean forward as if tied to the man. Cayden however had had a lot of exposure to Veela's and their thrall so he didn't react to whatever creature thrall the man had. "A British student, a young human at that! My I haven't seen one of those for over a hundred years! How old are you?" "17." "Wow you are a youngling aren't you?" Cayden resisted the scowl. Age was not a indicator of maturity. Look at the Weasley twins. They were 4 years older than him and acted 5. "Are you sure of your healing magic?" The professor gestured as if to raise his wand. Cayden nodded and spoke before the professor could move closer. "I can heal myself." he repeated. The man nodded letting it go. "Alright if you can do it yourself go ahead." Turning to address the whole group he gestured for them to follow him. "I am one of your professors. I teach Elemental Battle Magic, and am sometimes partnered with Professor. You may address me as Professor Tier. You managed to get here at dinner time so you lucky bastards get to be introduced during a mandatory no fight zone. " Derek pumped a fist followed by his twin Henry who smiled impishly at the blank look Cayden sported. "Heeyy Cayden..?" He waited impatiently for the guarded boy to acknowledge he had spoke and pouted when he was ignored. He whined softly causing Cayden to twitch. "Cayyyden." The boy stubbornly stared at the back of Professor Tier's head. "Caaayydeeen!" Still he ignored the annoying demon. Suddenly he felt a hand on his head and reacted on reflex. Grabbing the hand he jerked the demon forward before using his shoulder to body throw him int o the wall. He wiped the spot on his shoulder as if dusting it off before looking at the gaping demon. He smirked his purple eyes laughing. "Yes, Henry? How may I help you?" When the demon stayed on the floor Cayden reached a hand out. "Oh did you trip?" The group was snickering and Henry puffed up like a cat, before slapping Cayden's hand grumbling. After a second he laughed too. "You got me on that one Frosty." Smiling he jumped up and wrapped an arm around Cayden's neck like they were old friends. "That's why we are allies!" It was Cayden's turn to puff up like a kitten. "We're not allies!" In the back one of the vampires, Lavar, laughed. "Just admit it, Vorn. You like us." Cayden shook his head, his hair turning into light purple dreadlocks. "Whatever." The group continued bickering as the professor led them into the hall. Tier watched them amused, The Water Fae hadn't seen this mix of a group in a long time. Vampires, Demons, and Mortals oh my. Cayden could feel the stares and assessing gazes from older students and teachers alike. He ignored them all. He wasn't here to prove anything to anyone. He was here to learn and to have a semi safe place from assassins and mercenaries hired by the British Ministry to kill him. He could feel the currents around the room. Some were directed, probably mental conversations, some were probing and hostile. He had to brush a few and block some. He just wanted to eat his dinner and sleep. He'd had long few years and it never stopped. He flicked a piece of magenta colored hair back as his hair suddenly grew and changed colors to match his frustrated mood. "Cayden you really are a moody person my man." He looked to the right at the vampire that had been apart of the group up the mountain. He had black hair with dark purple eyes that sparked with mischief and a smile that made you want to laugh and check your drink at the same time. Cayden unashamedly spelled his food and drink which pooped up with a tentacle growing hex on his mashed potatoes. Scowling at the vampire he vanished his plate and sat back until they were dismissed. Lavar, the vampire, shook his head used to the human's mercury like moods. "You didn't have to vanish all your food, you barely ate any to begin with." The teasing reprimand was a touch serious as for some reason Lavar had taken a liking to the odd human. Cayden shrugged and started following the magic currents with his eyes and tweaked a few so that the flow of magic wasn't so stilted. To those who didn't see what he saw it looked like an eccentric human staring at nothing while looking like he saw something. Lavar shook his head but started up a conversation with the demon twins who sat to Cayden's left. This left Cayden bored out of his mind and impatient. Maybe he should have tried harder to talk? He pinched the bridge of his nose as a headache started behind his eyes. He was still recovering from that one dementor attack on the trail here. He tapped his finger on the table as his leg started to jiggle. Cayden never did do well with sitting still. Never has probably never will. Shaking his head he felt the beads clack together and resisted the urge to shake his head just for the sound of it. With a thought five tiny ball of metal formed in his hand and he stated to roll them in a closed fist feeling the sphere rub on the ridges and scars on his hand. Getting oddly fascinated by the feel, he was completely surprised when he was nudged by Lavar and Derek. Following them he watched as several people he assumed were Professors split them up and took them down hallways he could have sworn were not there a second ago. Cayden resisted the urge to follow one of thee groups just to see where they were going. He had a feeling that he'd get lost in a heartbeat. "Derek and Henry Hart, Cayden Vorn (pronounced born) you three are rooming together as least likely to kill each other." The Professor that spoke had black hair with eyes the color of molten gold and by normal measures would be considered attractive. Cayden didn't care and shot a glare at all three people. At the Professor because he just happened to be there and at the demon twins because they were laughing. He felt a smile wanting to tug his lips at the twins laughter. "I think your mistaken Professor." With that he ignored the demon twins trying to not let the bubble of anxiety overwhelm him as the thought of living in so close proximity with anyone had hives breaking out on back. Even if it was the twins. As if sensing this, the boys calmed down and eyed him but didn't say anything much to his relief. They were directed to a plain wooden door that showed a plaque with their names on it. When it was opened Cayden couldn't hep but smile and appreciate magic all the more. They had opened the door to show a huge common room that had three doors leading of to what he assumed were their rooms. Cayden quickly located the door with his name on it, the door to the very left next to a bookcase backed on the wall. He didn't bother saying a word to the people still lingering at the door. He really really really wanted to just go to sleep, and didn't have the patience to socialize. Three sets of eyes followed the green haired boy as he retreated to his room. Derek sighed and plopped down on the couch followed closely by his twin and teacher. "Do you think he knew we were supposed to be briefed?" "Nah I think he just didn't wanna talk anymore." "Anymore? He doesn't like to talk period!" "Well so what if he's just bit shy?" "We can fix that can't we brother dearest?" "Why yes we can brother dearest." After settling that accord they turned to the teacher watching all this with quirked lip and laughing eyes. "So I take it that this is normal for Mr. Vorn? The boy nodded their head and trade exasperated looks. "The whole time-" "-up here, he was-" "-warmly frosty at best- "-blizzard frigid at worst." The alternated with exaggerated eye rolls. There had been a few times when he would almost be thawed out but they were few and far between. Ennough that they knew they liked the Professor nodded back with a contemplative look on his face. He soon dismissed it and continued with the meeting that was supposed to be taking place. "Alright then. My name is Professor Yevik and I teach the Soul/Necromancy/Blood Magic class. Your schedule's will be handed out in the mornin'. After that you'll be on your own. You'll probably be challenged right after breakfast tomorrow by older students trying to prove they belong where they are. Killing is allowed if you want to. If you get injured you have to heal it yourself or get another more capable student to do it for you. Be warned it usually comes with a price. If you find yourself struggling with a subject you are allowed to ask your teachers but we will likely not answer as we all believe in self study. Be careful around Professor Tier, as he's known to sleep with anything that moves even students. Those are all the tips I shall give you. " With that he stood to leave and walked towards the door. Before he left he stopped and turned. "Since Mr. Vorn couldn't deign to stay a listen, there's no need to tell him the tips I've just told you. He can figure it out himself." The twins exchanged looks at the order given before nodding. The Professor smiled, satisfied. "Goodnight." The next morning when Cayden left his room he noticed the strange vibe coming from the twins. Of course he noticed. He knew what had happened as he recognized the signs all to well. They'd been warned against him. Helping, talking, or just general socializing he didn't know. He would never