Prompt : Magical Mishaps Word count : 4,708 Note : The following story is a submission to the facebook group Platform 9 3/4. All stories on this profile are works submitted by multiple authors through means of the group. Contestants will remain anonymous until voting is completed. Only the author and moderators of the challenge are aware of identities. Disclaimer: The authors of this story did not create these characters and will in no way claim ownership therein. All things Harry Potter related belong to JK Rowling. Story Title : All About Hermione Rating : T Genre : Romance/Adventure Fanfic name : -Undisclosed at this time- Pairing : Ron Weasley/Hermione Granger Summary : Hermione Granger is all grown up. Minister for Magic, mother to two children, and wife to Ron. Hogwarts is long behind her. But forgetting her past may be harder than she imagined, and one night in particular will stay with her forever. Perhaps Hermione will finally discover that it is never too late to break the rules and follow your dreams. Or perhaps, she has already discovered it long ago. All About Hermione She was surrounded by frothing potions. They were bubbling and emitting so much steam that her hair had returned to its natural frizzy state. She looked around the room, consulting the notes on her parchment as she walked past several cauldrons. The first was bubbling too violently. It wouldn't do. The second? The color wasn't quite right. But the third...? There was a knock on the door and she jumped, accidentally bumping one of the cauldrons, and causing the potion in it to splash dangerously close to the edge. "Merlin's pants!" She growled, steadying it hurriedly before it fell over, as a familiar voice called though the door. "Hermione! Haven't you finished yet?" Hermione walked to the door as she pulled back her curtain of frizzy curls and opened it a crack. She stuck her face out. Harry stared at her. "Harry. I'm sorry, I was just finishing up a report." Harry continued to stare at her, nonplused. Hermione sighed and pulled the door open, inviting him in with a nod of her head. He walked into the office, taking a slow look around. "Well, this has escalated." Hermione shrugged as she shut the door behind Harry and walked to each of the cauldrons, covering them up for the night. "What time is it?" She asked. "It's almost 7:30. Molly has sent me two owls already, promising that if we're not back by eight, they will start the back to school dinner without us." "How odd. I haven't had any." "She must think you're more responsible than me," Harry said with a slight laugh. "If only she knew what you were doing, instead of your job I mean." "This is very important, Harry!" Hermione said, scandalized. "This is absolutely part of my job. I need to know the components of this potion. If what I think is true, we need to regulate it. We can't have another situation where-" "Hermione, you're Minister for Magic!" Harry said, exasperated but slightly amused. "Leave the experiments to the Potions lab. Surely you have more important things to focus on?" "Just a little side project in my spare time," Hermione shrugged, as she walked around the room, covering up the rest of the cauldrons, and grabbing a few things from around the office. "The Potions lab hasn't figured it out. They said it's impossible, in fact. That it must have been done some other way. But I'm certain this is it. Besides I've finished everything else. "In fact, here you are. I suppose you weren't expecting these until mid next week?" She pushed a stack of parchments she had taken off her desk at Harry and grabbed her cloak. The parchments were a little damp from the potion steam but otherwise they didn't look worse for wear. Harry shuffled through them, surprised. "That seems to be in order. I'm impressed as always. " "Of course you are," Hermione smiled, as she pushed Harry out the door. "Now come on. Let's go see off those kids, shall we?" The Burrow was stretched to bursting as usual. After helping themselves to several servings of Molly's delicious cooking, everyone was now too full to move. Hermione, Harry, Ginny, and Ron sat in the garden with James, Albus, Rose, Lily, and Hugo. Lily and Hugo, who were starting Hogwarts tomorrow, were full of excitement. "And is it true that we can start transfiguring toothpicks to needles right away?" Hugo asked. "And what about the Owelry? Can I visit at any time?" Lily asked before anyone could respond to Hugo. "Yes. And yes," Hermione smiled, while Ron, Harry, and Ginny all laughed. "And Potions?" Lily asked. "When will I start Potions?" "I wonder every day where you got your interest for Potions, Lils." Harry smiled. "Certainly can't have been from me." "Hermione, perhaps our babies were switched at St. Mungos?" Ginny winked. "Oh my gosh, Lily I'm only joking." She added, as Lily glared at her. "Of course you are, Mum," the eleven year old rolled her eyes. "Anyway, Lily, that will depend on your schedule," Hermione said, ignoring Ginny. "You'll find out the day after tomorrow. "I hope you're all packed, by the way?" She added. "Hugo? Rose?" Hugo and Rose nodded, but Ron wasn't prepared to let the subject drop. "Hermione, you're still quite the potion brewer, aren't you?" Hermione gave him a warning glance. "I dabble. You know." "Harry says your office is still full of cauldrons." Ron said, plowing straight ahead. "Still doing all the work of the Potions lab, aren't you? "Your mum might as well be the whole Ministry," he added, turning to Hugo and Rose. "Honestly, she does everything. " "Just overseeing all the departments," Hermione said, torn between annoyance that Ron was bringing up her side project and pleasure at the compliment. Ron really had a way with her. "Oversight, you know." "Are you brewing potions at work, Aunt Hermione?" Albus asked curiously. "Which potions are they?" "It's nothing very exciting, Albus," Hermione said, trying to steer the conversation elsewhere. "Really, I'm just working on the overflow. Donating my office space, that sort of thing. It's very busy at work these days. " Ron smiled sheepishly. Hermione was a terrible liar. "Our Hermione was always a potions whiz," he said, turning back to the kids. "After all, in our second year she brewed a Polyjuice Potion from scratch." Hermione rolled her eyes as Harry muttered, "Here we go again..." "We've heard this story a million times, Dad!" Hugo said, while everyone else groaned. "What, even how she snuck into Snape's back room to steal the horn?" "Yes, duh," said Rose. "And how Harry made the Swelling Solution explode to cover it up?" "Yesss," said Lily. "And the part where she accidentally turned herself into a cat?" "Yes, yes, we heard it all!" James said. "Way to go, aunt Hermione." Everyone laughed. Hermione smiled herself, looking around at their big happy family, her eyes twinkling. At that moment Molly walked over to them. "Ron, Ginny, I was hoping I'd have a chance to ask you two. Can you look through some of your old things and see if there's anything you'd like to take home. We're converting the attic into a Muggle-themed Arcade for your father, and we need to clear out some things. Ginny, dear, your old things are up there too. " Ron and Ginny stood up and followed their mother. "A Muggle Arcade?" Ron said, bewildered, as they walked toward the house. "Has George heard about this? We have some things in the shop that might be good..." Harry chuckled, stood up, and followed them. Hermione leaned back in her chair, watching them go. Then she turned back to the kids. "So," she said, her eyes twinkling with a well kept secret that was finally ready to see the light of day. "Do you guys want to hear the real story of the Polyjuice Potion?" Their intrigued gazes were all the confirmation she needed. Harry and Ron had taken their glasses of Polyjuice and left her alone in the stall. It was finally time to see if her work had succeeded. As she reached for the glass of potion, her hand trembled slightly. It was somewhat due to fear, but mostly from excitement. Hermione picked up the glass full of bright yellow potion and downed it in one gulp. It tasted sweet and had a mysterious aftertaste that she could not place, but overall it was pleasant. In short, it tasted much better than it looked. It hit her as she was putting the glass back down. A fire was erupting in her stomach and spreading through the rest of her body. She could feel it in the very tips of her fingers and toes, and as she dropped down to her knees, she could feel it, literally feel it, stretching through her. Or was it simply she who was stretching? Suddenly she was on all fours. The stall was shrinking, the walls and toilet were shooting up, and her claws were digging frantically into the old tile floors as her heavy robes fell on top of her, blocking out everything. She would have cried out but she couldn't speak. She shook herself violently and the robes fell aside. For one terrifying second she was standing on the floor. The colors around her began to fade as the color slowly seeped out of her surroundings, while the dark corners of the stall came alive in light. To her right, she could see a boot jerking on the floor, and behind it blurriness. She could smell sweat and mildew. She could smell something alive. The whole world was talking to her. She looked around and the world seemed to move in slow motion. And then, just as quickly, she shot back up. The stall got smaller and smaller. She could feel herself straightening. Her feet became hands again. Suddenly she was standing in her stall, naked. She was human. She felt human. But as she looked down at her hands, she saw they were covered in fur, and her nails were elongated into claws. Hermione reached up and felt her face, where she could feel her hands (Or were they paws?) brushing against more fur. And on top of her head, she could feel two pointy ears. Cat ears. Hermione gulped. "Are you two OK?' came Goyle's low rasp of a voice from the next stall. "Yeah," came the deep grunt of Crabbe from further right. Hermione didn't trust herself to speak. She continued to stare at her hands, turning them over to look at her palms. They didn't have any fur. She heard the sound of two doors unlocking and footsteps in front of the stalls. "This is unbelievable," came Crabbe's voice. "Unbelievable." "We'd better get going," said Goyle's voice again. "We've still got to find out where the Slytherin Common Room is, I only hope we can find someone to follow..." "You don't know how bizarre it is to see Goyle thinking," said Crabbe's voice again, growing louder as it moved closer. Suddenly there was a bang on her door. She nearly jumped. "C'mon," said Crabbe's voice again, "we need to go..." Hermione glanced down at the backs of her hands again, and at her robes lying on the floor. She was absolutely sure she could figure this out. A cat hair. It must have been a cat hair. She could sort this out. But she needed to buy some time. Ron and Harry would have to fend for themselves. "I – I don't think I'm going to come after all," she called, her voice sounding strangely high pitched. "You go on without me." "Hermione, we know Millicent Bulstrode's ugly, no one's going to know it's you," called Crabbe's voice. "No – really – I don't think I'll come. You two hurry