Delphi was excited she had been planning for mother's day for awhile. She wanted to find a gift that would make her mother proud. Her plan was to sneak out when her mother and father were talking, They didn't let her go out much but they wouldn't be too upset if she sneaked out to Diagon to get something for her mother. Merlin knows she deserved everything. Though her mother was always busy, she always made time for her or at least that's what she told her. Sometimes she felt like her parents only had her to make sure her father would always remain in power. "No Delphi they love you" she took a deep breath and sneaked into the living room. Now to figure out how to get out of here unnoticed, she knew that there was a meeting going on so maybe that was how she would get out. As Delphi moved through the house, she could hear voices coming from the formal dining room. She could clearly make out her parents' voices, but she wasn't sure who else was in the room with them. The last time a meeting was going on, she got in trouble for eaves dropping so she was sure to keep her distance. She could hear talk of a plan. There seemed to be a lot of secrecy around this plan. She heard some dates being mentioned…May 19th….May 23rd… "what is happening?" she thought to herself. She struggled to recognize some of the voices. Usually she knew everyone her parents met with. It was all very strange. There were a lot of voices hushing each other, as if to keep quiet. Delphi had heard her parents plotting events before, but this time it was different. Something felt off. However, she realized she couldn't get distracted and she needed to focus on her mission – getting a Mother's Day gift. Delphi was able to make her way to the back door of the home. She knew she couldn't go out into the front yard of the house as the dining room windows would reveal her to the meeting attendees and she'd get into trouble. She felt traveling through the back and into the forest behind their home was the best way to get to Diagon Alley. As Delphi ran through the forest, she couldn't help but wonder what the meeting was all about. What was happening later this month? What were her parents up to? And who were they talking to? She tried to focus her mind on a gift for her mother, but she struggled to forget the meeting. Unfortunately in her preoccupied state she went off her path and didn't notice anything was wrong until she tripped over a root and realized she didn't recognize her surroundings. She tried to calm down and think of a plan but there was a sudden crisp snap of a twig off to her left. Abandoning any plans she ran away from the noise looking for shelter and a place to hide. She eventually came across a shallow cave hidden by a curtain of moss and vines and ducked inside trying to calm her racing heart and keep quiet. A few minutes later there was a rustling in a nearby bush causing her to put her hand to her mouth in an attempt at muffling her breathing. A few agonizing seconds later a squirrel popped out of the bush causing her to relax slightly until suddenly something grabbed her arm and pulled her from her hiding spot. Delphini screamed. "Shhh, it's just me! Delphi! Stop screaming! You're going to scare the Muggles!" That got Delphi to shut up. Her mother had always taught her that Muggles were scum, and not to be interacted with in any way, shape, or form. "What are you doing here, then?" Delphi said, scowling at the boy. "Why, the same as you. I got lost on my way to Diagon Alley. Someone must have set a waywardness jinx on the path. I think they're trying to keep us away from something." "But why would someone want to do that? I was just going to get Mother a-" she started before being rudely interrupted. "Quiet! Do you hear that? We're not alone." Sure enough, if you listened carefully, you could hear the footsteps of someone in the distance; someone who didn't seem to care if they were heard or not. "What do you think they're doing? Do you think they're looking for us? Do you think-" "Delphi. Please. I'm trying to concentrate. I can't do that with your constant chatter in my ear." Delphi turned to look at her partner. "Easy enough for you to say, Nott," she said, smirking. He glared at her with a look she knew all too well from home. She got as quiet as she could and listened to the voices but couldn't make out a word they were saying, and began to tap her foot with impatience... When Nott looked her way again she mouthed the words "are you coming or not?" He looked at her, stunned, that she was being so bold but, understanding how important this was to her, He shrugged his shoulders and mouthed "what do you have in mind "? She reached out her arm, offering it to him and whispered "trust me"? As soon as he took her arm she apperated and landed safely in the back of Borgin and Burkes in Diagon alley. He looked pale like he was going to puke but also angry like he was going to start yelling. But before he had the chance to do either, Delphi looked him square in the eye and said "Before you go off on your tangent need I remind you that doing this the 'legal way' got us both lost and hearing voices?". He just stared, daring her to continue. So she spoke again and holding her hands up in frustration "Well be angry all you want to at least we are finally here! And I for one am not going to waste anymore of my time! I've got to get a gift for my mother and get back before they realize I'm gone!". With that she spun on her heels and started for the door. As she stepped into the street she stopped dead in her tracks as Nott slammed into her with a "huff" before saying "Hey why'd you... Oh" looking around they were both at a loss for words... Diagon Alley seemed to be completely deserted! Delphini looked at Nott. "What do we do? And... why is Diagon Alley deserted?! What's going on, Nott?!" Delphini took him by the shoulders and started shaking him, her heart racing. There was a popping noise in the distance, but she didn't pay any mind to it until... "Delphi- stop! Look!" Nott said with a harsh whisper. He was looking straight ahead. Delphini slowly turned and her eyes went wide. There were hooded figures up ahead. Delphini and Nott looked at each other, and as quietly as they could, they inched behind a big bush that was in the entrance to Diagon Alley. "What do you suppose we do now, Delphi?" Delphini and Nott dove back into Borgin and Burke's. "What is going on? Who are they?" Delphi whispered as they made their way to the back of the store, looking for a place to hide. Nott shrugged. They could hear chanting outside. It got louder as the figures got closer, but Nott and Delphi held their breath, trying to make out what they were saying, but it appeared to be a different language. The chant slowly faded away and the two relaxed a bit. But just then the door swung open. "Hello!? Shopkeep, come here!" A dark an ominous voice said from the door. Delphi and Nott still hid in the corner hiding so that they could gather as much recon for her parents as they could before having to tell her how they came to be in Diagon Alley when they were forbidden to go anywhere. "Y..yes sir" said the shop keeper behind the counter. "You remember what you owe us from the final night, we are calling in our debt, we need a place that we can meet without anyone overhearing our plans, this must go ahead as planned if we are to bring our kind glory again" the ominous voice said. Delphi and Nott shared a look, maybe they wouldn't have to tell her mother anything, maybe she already knew what was happening here. After about ten minutes more of conversation the man left and the two waited until the shop keeper when back to his work and quickly got out of there. "What do you think this means for us all, Nott? What's going to happen?" Delphi asked her closest friend. Nott shook his head, "I am not entirely sure," he said with a frown. Delphi ripped at her hair. It wasn't good enough. She huffed for a moment and debated killing her friend. She closed her eyes for a moment and counted to ten. Control it. She had too much to plan. "Not good enough," she shook her head as if trying to erase something from her mind. "We need to know." Delphi reached out and quickly snagged Nott by the sleeve. With a sharp tug, she made for the front door, dragging Nott along with her. "What the hell are you doing now?" Nott exclaimed. "I'm going to follow them, find out what they're up to" she said firmly, "and you're going to help me!" As they reached the door, Delphini looked back over her shoulder "Wait just a minute Nott... Burke!" she shouted. "Caractacus!" The wizened old wizard poked his head out from the back room where he escaped to when the men in hoods had left, "Ms. Delphi!" he said with surprise "I, what are you doing here?". Delphi walked back to where Caractacus Burke was standing, half hidden by a grotesque statue of some kind of gargoyle. "Who were those men? What did they want?" Delphi asked forcefully. "They... I... I can't tell you miss. Please, it's not safe!" Delphini narrowed her eyes at frail old man, he was too scared to be of any use. She reached out and snatched up a gorgeous jade bracelet from the counter. "Fine. Wrap this up and have it sent to my house this evening. Send it with an elf if you must, but it's a surprise for mother, and she cannot know I've been out. " Burke nodded his head "Ye, yes. Of course Ms. Delphini. Anything you wish." With that, Delphi turned on her heel - grabbed Nott once again, and dragged him as fast as she could out the front door in pursuit of the hooded men. Sticking to the shadows, Delphi was torn between getting home before her absence is discovered and following the hooded figures to find out what is happening here. In her mind something is pulling her deepest consciousness. From the depths of her thoughts she hears Parseltongue. In the darkness came slithering along a snake of pure black showing its black mouths and fangs, with enough poison to kill a dozen people. A smooth column of armored muscle, slithered into the charcoal light that preceded the dawn. Gliding over the parched soil and stone, dark back to the stars. She felt no worry from this friend although Nott was clearly alarmed at her presence. The light of the moon shone upon his white face dripping with sweat. "Aposlaohs-hesleuf-iangsteur-ai-sa. Erfe-sane usss- sine." She heard the words, but the translation made no sense to her. From a young age Delphi could always speak to snakes. Why was this snake telling her Black castle proud, it was here to help? Nott was looking at her like she was absolutely bonkers as she was whispering in his ear what she was being told. "Did you really just roll your