The vampire will admit that he was in over his head. At the time, he saw a young woman trying to help a little girl clearly in need of the kind of help only he could (would) give. He had no idea things would turn out like this, but he can't say he regrets it. Whatever they were to him, it was not a mistake. THE DEAL Dark blonde hair fell in small ringlets at his shoulders that bounced as he strolled down the sidewalk. His head whipped from side to side, orange eyes constantly scanning for signs of movement. He'd take anything if it would relieve his growing boredom. A potential scuffle made his head turn to the right and he watched as a small figure crept noisily onto the branch of a grand old oak that was level with a child's room. He did many terrible things under Maria's rule but messing with children (peace of mind or otherwise) was crossing the line. He was after the bastard in seconds. "What do you think you're doing?!" He hissed in the man's ear. A whimper met his question and he realized that choking the spirit out of the man would grant too easy an out. He loosened his grip. "Well?!" The man didn't answer. "Considering your lack of response, you're either a thief or a pedophile. Pick one, and you better answer me this time." The man hacked out two coughs in counter. "Pedophile it is, my unfortunate friend. You'll be getting a taste of your own medicine soon. Or did you forget what they do to guys like you in prison?" The orange-eyed man sneered. His captive wheezed out a protest. "Here's what'll happen, since you're so eager to keep your life and I'm not as eager to take it. The way I see it, you have two options. You can turn yourself in or you can die on the streets. Then again, who am I kidding? Men like you never change. You'll die at some other guy's hands either way so it's no concern of mine. Police it is, buddy." It didn't take long to deliver the now-unconscious man to the nearest station. He took a piece of paper and left a note taped to the man's shirt. Someone stopped me from creeping into a little girl's room. The whole affair lasted ten minutes and when he got back to the little girl's house, she had her window open and was outside halfway to her shoulders. "What's a pedophile?" She asked softly. "You'll find out when you're older, kid." A rough yet definitely female voice drifted to his ears and he whirled around to find a dark-skinned Native American girl around his age (or the age he would be if he were human) walking toward the two of them. "Thanks for finally getting that scumbag," She murmured too low for the little girl to hear. "You knew?" "He's been creeping around the neighborhood. I couldn't stop him without making a scene and then the girl's mother would have gotten involved. That woman doesn't deserve to be called a mother to anyone, much less that sweet little girl. He's been watching her, vamp, and I'm glad you were here to do what I couldn't. She needed me more than she needs the wolf." "So you're what, her guardian?" "I guess you could say. That woman isn't doing much by her, so someone has to. Living on the streets is not a good thing for a five year old." "I'm pretty sure I can keep the creeps away if you're that worried about the girl. I can't be around all the time but if you really need me then I'll be there. You got a name?" "Leah Clearwater." "Jasper Whitlock. We got a deal, wolf?" "Sure, vamp. Deal." "Leah?" The little girl called out. The wolf was level with the girl's window in seconds. "Yes?" "Where's he going?" "He has to go back home, little one. You'll see him again someday." FIRST MORNING "Isabella!" A woman's shrill voice snapped the girl out of her dreamless sleep. Truthfully, she'd woken long before that. After several unsuccessful sleeping attempts, she settled for relaxing in her bed and eventually had drifted off. This happened often since Leah and Jasper, as the two introduced themselves, had stopped the creepy man from reaching her. But that wasn't her concern at the moment. Renee stomped into her room and yanked off her covers, only to find that her daughter was already dressed for school. Her bag lay at the foot of her bed, packed to the brim with school supplies. "I tried to make breakfast but it didn't work out so well. You can use whatever we normally use but touch my party stuff and you'll regret it. Am I understood?" "Yes, ma'am." "What time does your bus come?" Renee asked. Bella glanced at where her alarm clock normally sat before she remembered that Renee had ripped it out of its socket one morning, having stumbled into the now-six year old girl's room with complaints of a blinding headache. She glanced at the watch Jasper gave her for her birthday. It wasn't all that much, but she'd picked it out and it was perfect. "Half an hour, mom. Is there anything you need besides breakfast?" "No, dear. Make breakfast and get to school. I should be back soon. I can't wait to hear all about your day." "Okay, mom. Love you." "Have a good day, Bella." Her mother sauntered out of the room (and most-likely out of the house) leaving Bella to her own devices. A chime from her watch told her that she had 45 minutes to do as she pleased before school started, and she was hungry. True to Bella's instinct, Renee had left the house. Breakfast would consist of eggs and bacon and pancakes, if what Leah said earlier was anything to go by. Her two favorite people had been around for the last year, giving her presents and teaching her how to fend for herself, like Jasper said Renee was supposed to do. They weren't always around, but when they were, she felt safe. "Hey, kid." Jasper whispered; his breath warm on her ears. She jolted out of her thoughts and he laughed. "Not funny," She yelped. "Did I scare you, Ringtail?" "No," She scowled. "Yes, I did." He chuckled. "Leah should be here soon, so what do you want for breakfast?" She reeled off her breakfast list like an auctioneer and if Jasper was human, he'd be completely lost. "You have an unhealthy obsession with bacon, Ringtail." "Do not!" She whined "Do too." He grinned. "Do not!" "Do too." "Do not!" "Do too." "Not!" "Too!" "Not!" "Not!" "Too!" Bella froze, jaw dropped as she processed what just happened. "You tricked me!" She snapped. "Yes, Ringtail, yes I did." Jasper purred; a playful gleam in his eyes. "What are you two whining about now?" A female's voice sliced through their argument and Bella leapt up and raced toward the sound. "Leah!" She cried happily, content to walk with her female guardian and firing off question after question. "Jasper tricked me!" She whined once the she-wolf's patient gaze landed on her. "I'm sure he was just having fun, kid. Did you eat?" "Jasper made breakfast! He says I have a heathen session with bacon." Unhealthy obsession , The vampire mouthed. Leah snickered. "That you do, kid. Ready for your first day?" "Yes!" Bella crowed, jumping out of Leah's hold and springing up from her landing on the floor. Jasper raised an eyebrow but Leah shook her head. "You guys are weird when you do that." "It's an adult thing. What time does the bus come?" "Five minutes. I gotta go!" Bella yelped. Jasper and Leah followed her out of the house, and to the bus stop. "We won't be able to stay for long, Ringtail, but if anything happens then tell your neighbors, okay? They can help you just as much as Leah or I." "Okay," Bella grumbled. She wished her friends could stick around forever. RETURN OF THE LOST "Bella?" A deep, gruff voice jolted her awake. She'd always been a light sleeper, something she'd picked up from her friends, but she had barely seen either of them since she was six. "Hey, Ch- dad." Charles Swan had received a phone call in the dead of night and the next morning, the little girl he'd gotten to see during the summer was on his doorstep with a suitcase full of things and a cheerful grin. "This is gonna be great!" His daughter had proclaimed. "I hope so," Forks' police chief muttered. He was just as glad that she was here, but didn't know the first thing about raising a normal teenage girl, and Bella was far from normal. One look told him that she held wisdom far beyond her years. Wisdom that she shouldn't have that easily told him that something had happened in Phoenix. Now he stood before her bed, surprised to find her fully dressed and ready for school. "Are you okay?" She asked. He nodded absently. "Fine, kiddo. Just fine." He muttered. "There's not much in the way of breakfast-." "I can tell, "Bella snorted. "What do you live on, doughnuts and coffee?" "Hey, don't knock the doughnuts. They are a staple in a cop's diet." "They are fattening at best, dad, and they're supposed to be a snack, not breakfast. I'll see if I can find stuff at the grocery store later, get us some real food." "You don't-." "It's okay, dad. Really. I'm used to it." "If you say so." He made sure to leave some money on the fridge. If she was so set on feeding him, the least he could do was supply the cash. (When he got home later he found the kitchen well-stocked and half the money still on the counter.) Charlie insisted on driving her to school. It wasn't even that far a walk, (15 minutes at best. She'd gone much further than that before) but he insisted that she at least get a ride today in case she got lost. They pulled into the parking lot with all the other beat-up cars just as the five-minute warning bell rang. "I can take it from here," She assured her father. The chief flashed her a concerned look, but drove off after a few heartbeats. She breathed: in, out, like Leah taught her. She could do this. She found the office rather quickly, despite not knowing the place like she wanted to. The old secretary looked rather bored behind the desk, but she loped forward, undaunted by the dry atmosphere. "Excuse me," She mumbled. "I'm Isabella Swan." The old secretary brightened up considerably. "Oh, yes, the Chief's daughter. Here's everything you need to get through your first day, and this sheet," She pointed out a yellow one that faintly reminded her of a schedule. "Needs to be signed by all of your teachers and given back to me or whoever's here at the end of the day. "Thank you," She muttered as she walked out of the office. She glanced down at the schedule. English was first and for that, she was thankful. English was easy for her to comprehend. There were so many different approaches you could take that there was no wrong answer as long as you weren't completely off-base. English would hopefully be a breeze. Her English teacher simply nodded when she gave him the yellow paper and pointed her to a desk. Good. Hopefully all of her teachers would be like that. The last thing she needed was attention drawn to her. People still stared. They always would, Jasper reminded her once. For some reason you can never notice until they point it out. The reading list was easy enough, considering that she'd read them all before. She loved classics. Her next class was Government, which involved a