Another boring day in art it seems , Hermione sighed. Hermione was in her ninth year of secondary school now, a bit past halfway through. Her classes are hard enough, with her being in the higher up math and science classes. She's confident that she can handle them well and she is, if not more so than any other student. Her teachers didn't seem to think so, and that's mainly the reason why she's here taking an art class when she could be taking a more beneficial one. Art is a subjective class, easily making it one of her least favorite classes. She thinks the subjectivity only makes it rather difficult class to pass. However creative she may be with logical problems and such, she just cannot draw creatively. She's tried over and over and she has never been able to get it, and any scarce idea she does get, she finds she doesn't have the talent for it. Don't get her wrong, she can appreciate works of art but they're nothing she dwells on too much. She was just assigned to draw 'what yellow is to you.' Yellow just looks like yellow to her, it doesn't really mean anything to her. Hermione put her head in her hands trying to think of something, anything. She'll go crazy if she doesn't. Okay, okay, think Hermione. What does yellow mean to you? Umm... Sunshine, lemons, lollys, what else? …Nothing. No more. Brain dead. Hermione threw her hands up in frustration and banged her head on the table, which she regretted immediately. Someone, seeming to have noticed her trouble, approached her and asked shyly, "Hello, do you need any help?" Hermione looked up and saw a boy standing in front of her. The boy in question looked to be about fourteen, had a fair and unblemished face with messy black hair ( did it get into a fight with a leaf blower?) . It's the kind that's been brushed through with his hands a lot. He also had brilliant green eyes and Hermione was mesmerized by them, thinking it was as if emeralds had been embedded into his eyes. He's wearing circular glasses. She knows him, recognizes him from the back of her mind, but what was his name? He waved a hand in front of her face, confused by her analytical stare. Hermione snapped out of her reverie and blushed. "Oh! I'm sorry! I'm Hermione Granger. And you are?" He laughed ( it sounded like ringing bells ) and said, "I'm Harry Potter, it's nice to finally meet you! I'm in most of your classes, if you've ever recognized me." He put his hand out to shake. "Nice to finally meet you too as well," Hermione replied back. She couldn't believe she had never noticed him except from the corner of her eye. Why? He sat down next to her, moving her stuff aside. "Anyways, introductions aside, help? You kind of looked frustrated," Harry laughed. "Thank you," Hermione said. "Art isn't my best subject so a simple assignment like this is difficult." She hung her head a little, expecting him to laugh. But to her pleasant surprise he smiled instead. "Nonsense! Everything is an art and everybody is good at something. I think you just need someone to bounce ideas off of," he replied. "Tell me what you thought of." "Well, um, sunshine, lemons, lollys," Hermione muttered, once again embarrassed. "Okay, it's a start," Harry said encouragingly. "You're thinking of tangible objects, so try thinking of it on an emotional level. What makes you feel yellow?" With Harry's coaxing, Hermione eventually got something passable to turn in. The time passed and suddenly it was time to go. As everybody started to leave, Hermione said to Harry, "Goodbye, I'll see you tomorrow." "Goodbye," Harry replied happily, whilst smiling and waving his hand. Days passed, with the two of them getting along well. In these days, she learned that Harry is immersed in art. No, really, he loves to the point where it surrounds him, breathes it, and speaks like it. Hermione observes people often and she found that she loves to study Harry. Harry, she quickly found out, doodles everywhere. His homework, notebooks, sketch pads, desks, and sometimes even on her hands and forearms. It was fascinating to watch him, how his brows scrunch up when he finds something particularly hard, or the absolute joy that twinkles in his eyes when he gets something right. He is surprisingly easy to talk to and Hermione has told him more things than he needs to know. He listens intently, never once dividing his attention. Harry is also shy; he admits that she is the first person he's talked to in school. His other friends don't attend his school, so he finds it hard to open up to people, which explains why she knows next to nothing about him. Harry is a quiet person that doesn't like the attention and spot light on him. How he acquired so much of it is strange. Hermione is sitting at her usual table in art. The teacher is explaining something about how colors are used and how they can enhance one's painting. She already knows this and took the liberty to close her tired eyes. She was up all night studying for a test she wasn't even going to have. She fell asleep in no time. "... 'Mione, wake up," a soft voice said. It distinctly reminded her of a lullaby her mother used to sing to her. And then again, louder this time, "Hermione, wake up!" She sat up quickly, now fully aware of her surroundings. Hermione started panicking; she fell asleep! What would the consequences hold? Detention? Or worse, expulsion? "Don't worry, the teacher let this slide, she understands you are a busy girl," said the voice again. She looked up to see Harry's face, marred by her drowsiness. She relaxed instantly and said, "Oh, thank goodness. Thank you, Harry." "Are you okay? You're never usually this tired," Harry asked, walking with Hermione to lunch. "Yes, I'm fine. I stayed up too late studying. Turns out we weren't taking it," Hermione said, bitterness bleeding into her voice. "Don't stay up too late studying, it will take a toll on you soon. I'll see you another time." Harry walked in the other direction, to his usual spot on the tables. Harry always sits alone at lunch. Hermione usually sat with other girls but truthfully she doesn't like them very much. They gossip about useless things and Hermione tunes them out and reads a book. But today it seems they were intent on talking to her. "So, so, tell me about the cute boy you've been hanging out with," said the blonde haired one says excitedly. Her name is Lavender... She thinks. She doesn't remember. "You can tell us," says another, the black haired one this time. Hermione decided to play clueless. "What cute boy?" "Oh, don't play stupid! The black haired one!" "Oh, him. There's nothing much to say about him." That's the understatement of the century. There's much to talk about him and she really likes him, but hell if she's going to admit that to them. The whole school doesn't need to know her life. They relented after a while, when she would not say a word about him. Its self-portraits now, it looked like. They took pictures of each other and now the task was to draw it as realistically as possible. She drew one line there, and another here and her hair was a mess. It looks more like a circle with a big cloud living on top of it. If she looked at from far away maybe... Nope, still looks the same. She tried and tried again and each time it actually got worse . Hermione grew frustrated and just scribbled all over it. She stares at it again, and now it actually looks better . She wonders what that says about her art skills. She hears a quiet laugh from Harry. Hermione snaps, "What's your problem now? Laughing at my horrid skills?" Harry immediately sobers. "No, no, I mean..." Hermione sighed. "No, its okay, I understand." "I'm sorry... But don't give up so easily. What you have now—sorry, before—is a start. You could build off of it. Start simple, then slowly start adding details," Harry said consolingly. He went back to drawing, occasionally glancing at her. Now he was staring at her shamelessly. Hermione smiled at him. "What are you doing now? Finished your self-portrait?" "Huh? Oh, yes! You'll see," was his vague reply. Hermione rolled her eyes and went back to drawing. She tried his advice and it worked. Somewhat. At least it resembled her. "Done," Harry exclaimed happily, holding his drawing up, and looking at it proudly. "May I see?" Hermione looked at him hopefully. Harry slid his sketchbook across the table and saw... Herself. It was beautiful. The details were amazing, they captured every strand on her head and the look she had when she was drawing her own portrait. But it doesn't seem to look like her in essence. "It's amazing, Harry, but you make it seem I'm more beautiful than I actually am," Hermione said truthfully. "On the contrary, I drew only what I saw. I'd go as far to say it's my best drawing, since it's of someone so beautiful. I like your hair a lot, it was fun to draw," Harry said honestly, but not without mischievous twinkle in his eyes. Hermione looked at him faux innocently and smiled knowingly. She said, "Thank you, now I can tell you I like your eyes! They're like emeralds." Harry blushed heavily at the compliment and looked away. Hermione smiled happily down at her drawing. She could try again later. Hermione was at lunch again, sitting with the girls. She saw Harry again, sitting outside again, alone. He's looking intently down on his sketchbook, his food forgotten. The girls were talking their boring drivel again, so she gathered up her courage and left, telling them she's going to sit with someone else. She walked over to Harry and sat quietly. "Hello," she said just as quietly. "Hi," Harry replied, smiling serenely at her. He seemed fine with the quiet around them, so Hermione decided not to disturb it. Sometimes it unnerves her—the quiet she means—because it means something other than peace to her. Harry loves the quiet, Hermione does not. To distract herself, she watches Harry draw. He draws lines and lines, and right now, that's all they are to her. But they are forming something now, a forest, with roaming animals. It's the quiet , she thinks. The forest is the epitome of calm and peace. She can almost hear the rustling branches, the animals scurrying off, the crunching leaves, and footsteps as they walk through this forest. For once, she does not fear the quiet, she wants it. For now, it means what it does to most: peace. She closes her eyes sleepily and in the back of her mind she wonders how Harry can make her forget her fears just like that. "Hello, Hermione," Harry chirped happily. "'Lo Harry," Hermione said tiredly. "Tired again?" Harry looked at her, shaking his head exasperatedly. "Yeah, got home late from somewhere," Hermione replied. "It's only art class, I think you'll be fine." Harry took his seat and started on the assignment ( to draw abstract geometry ). "Ha! Never thought you'd say that once in your life," Hermione said amusedly. "Yeah, well..." Harry hesitated. "What? What is it?" Hermione sat up straight, immediately interested and a little too eager. Harry had never faltered in telling her something (granted it wasn't personal or too important for that matter). Harry studied her and relented. "Truthfully, I've never had that much of an interest in art when I was younger. You already know that I was a painfully shy boy when I was little. My parents took it into their