AN : You probably don't even remember who I am, but hello again. I was originally going to post this fic on my new account, but I figured that it would reach more people if I posted it through this one. Back when I used to write for the Percy Jackson archive, I remembered seeing a whole onslaught of Percy/Artemis fics of varying quality and plotline (i.e. he gets betrayed by Annabeth, becomes a guardian of the hunt, they magically fall in love, the end). I remember thinking, that's not how gods work. I thought, maybe I should try my hand at it. So I've had this idea for a really long time, but never actually got around to it. This began as a one-shot that rapidly grew teeth and decided to run off into the sunset. I hope you enjoy it, and take it as my apology for my two-year long hiatus. I'm not sure if I'll actually continue this story, what with classes starting next week, but anyway, here it is. In this story, Percy is not canon. Neither is Camp, nor the gods. Once you get to the bare bones of it, Camp Half Blood is an institution designed to teach kids how to fight and die for their parents. This Percy is aware of that, and will strive to change it. He's up against much stronger and realistic opponents (don't tell me an eleven year old kid can defeat the god of war; that's just insane), so he's going to have to be smarter to reach his goals. This is not a rehash of canon. This chapter covers Book I. [x] Chapter I: Desensitization It is easier to kill if you do not feel. (Do not worry, I will teach you.) [x] Child soldiers do not exist anymore, least of all here. This is 21st century America. We are a society of civilized, rational people, without need for such barbaric measures. (Right?) [x] Percy's not into myths. If he wanted to see monsters, he could simply look out the window. (One day, he will gaze into the mirror and see a monster's reflection staring back with cold green eyes. It is in his blood to be cruel and unnatural. He will learn this in the years to come.) When he was five, his mother left a book of Greek myths on his nightstand. He doesn't admit that it gave him nightmares for days after. (The Minotaur's eyes gleamed strangely from the page.) These stories always seemed more than that—almost alive. And when Mr. Brunner stared at him with those sad liquid brown eyes and silently beseeched him to understand—well tough luck, Mr. Brunner, he didn't get it. He didn't want to. The avoidance strategy works well until he turns eleven and his mother dies. He's eleven and alone, eleven and angry. They bring him to Camp. It's another world, trapped in the bowels of their own. Children with blonde and brown and black hair and eyes of all different shades but still so similar, still so tired, training to fight (to kill). And some part of him, even as the blonde-haired teenager with the disfiguring scar ripping his face apart (like a monster tearing at the seams, ready to gouge its fingers through that grotesque smiling face and tear through a meat mask) folds his fingers (soft, unworn, unstained) over a sword's hilt, thinks it's wrong. Teaching him to fit in (to be one of them). The weapon is unbalanced and heavy, and each swing knocks the breath out of his lungs. He convinces himself that the ache in his throat (I want to go home) is only temporary. His name is Percy Jackson but they call him the Unclaimed. He's a piece of property, and no one pays him any attention because he's one of dozens, sad and grey and unwanted, wandering around until they faded or became bitter enough to get killed. It's then that he realizes the true nature of the world. He wants to survive. He's too deep in this world to get out ignorant, so all he can do is to become the best. He will be strong and he will leave. He convinces himself that this is still possible. (He doesn't believe it either). So he plasters a smile on his face and hefts the sword with both hands, charging the boy with the traitorous smile like he has any hope of winning. It's all different now. His mom's gone—dead, even though the gods insist, frozen . Grover has hooves and Mr. Brunner's not Mr. Brunner anymore and he looks like a thousand years of regret has pressed him into the ground. (Belatedly, he wondered if this was what his old teacher had been trying to warn him about—telling him to run .) [x] On the first day of camp, he wakes with a bucket of ice water to the face. He gasps in a breath and yanks the sodden blankets off of him reproachfully. "What was that for?" he demands, blinking the water out of his eyes, angling his chin upwards so he can meet the stare of the girl in the hallway. She wears black, tight fitting clothing and an orange t-shirt. A bucket is carelessly tucked between the crook of her elbow and her hip. "Time to get up," she says, jerking her chin towards the open door. "Showers start in five. Get your clothes and follow me." "Well, I've already had a shower, thanks to you." "Shut up and follow me." Bemused, Percy grabs the bundle of steel-grey clothes sitting on his nightstand —which weren't his— and follows, stopping only to slip on his shoes. The girl doesn't wait. He gets to the door just in time to see her turn the corner. He jogs to catch up to her, falling in step. The corridors are badly lit and smell of dust, full of twists and turns and dead ends that it makes him think of a labyrinth, but the girl doesn't pause at all. "Couldn't you have woken me up like a normal person?" "It worked, didn't it?" "What's your name?" She tsk-ed. "Wrong question." "At least tell me where I am." Finally, she stops in front of a black metal door twice their height. At eye level, "shower" is stencilled in white blocks. When she turns around, Percy sees her clearly for the first time. She has blonde hair and grey eyes, but can't be much older than he is. "You're in the Big House," she says after a pause. Her voice would be nice to listen to, if it weren't so cold. "At Camp Half Blood. How much do you remember?" "I don't remember getting here." He wrinkles his nose in thought. There was Montauk—his mom—and Grover? In the sparse lightning of the storm it almost looked as though he had hooves, and goat legs, and... no, the car had flipped and Percy had dragged him out, they were definitely real— The Minotaur, and—and... ...No. The girl nods. "That's to be expected. You passed out while we were carrying you across the border. I don't know what god you pissed off to have a Minotaur come after you, but you're lucky to be alive at all." "My mom..." The girl shakes her head. "I'm sorry." She doesn't sound sorry at all. Her voice is flat and rote, like she's repeated this statement enough times that it has sucked any emotion she feels about it right out. Percy allows himself three seconds, then squeezes his eyes shut. "So what now?" In response, she pushes open the door and motions for him to get in with a sardonic flourish of her arm. Percy takes one last breath and squeezes through, trying to keep away from her. The inside of the room is painted dark grey. Two showerheads are on either side. The floor is tiled white with crisscrossing black lines. "You know how to take a shower, right?" she says sarcastically. "What are you waiting for?" "Oh, I don't know—maybe for you to turn around?" She rolls her eyes. "If you insist." Then, with a snap of her fingers, a second cold deluge falls on top of him with a belch of water. Before he can do more than jerk in surprise, the flow shuts off and evaporates immediately from his skin. "You're clean," says the girl. Her expression doesn't change, but at least she looks less hostile now. "Good to know. It would have been... troublesome." At his confused stare, she sighs and elaborates, "That was one of Apollo's mixtures. If you weren't one of us, you die. Burn up." "I... what ?" He stares incredulously at the quickly evaporating mist, being sucked out of the room by an invisible ventilation system. They weren't showers, after all. "Who... what are you? One of us ?" The girl meets his eyes. He feels lead settle into his bones and knows he will not like what follows. "How much do you know about the gods?" [x] They call it "Camp Half Blood" but they all know it is a war camp. It's even got its different divisions, filled with children who were genetically programmed to be brilliant at their jobs. There are twelve cabins in total. Cabins one through three are always empty. He doesn't know why, but no one offers answers and he learns on the first day that asking questions (especially the wrong ones, which Percy seems prone to do), is outright sacrilege. Cabin Four is Demeter's cabin; poisons and anti-venoms. Cabin five, Ares: front-line assault soldiers. Cabin six, Athena: intelligence, tacticians, and spies. Cabin seven, Apollo: doctors and snipers, opposite sides of the coin. Cabin eight is for the Hunters of Artemis, which is empty. Cabin nine are the Hephaestus kids, the forgers, the quartermasters. They make and distribute swords and armour like candy. Cabin ten, Aphrodite: infiltrators, charming and pretty, who flirt and seduce and kill in the same breath. Cabin eleven, Hermes: the messengers, codebreakers, swift of foot and tireless. Where the unwanted kids went. Cabin twelve, Dionysus: the interrogators (because who knew better how to break a mind than those responsible for insanity?). He sits with them at mealtimes, these cruel, unnatural, lonely children. He knows what it feels like to drown. They do not scream but he hears them nevertheless, all the words they will never say. He scrapes off a part of his dinner into the bronze sacrificial brazier. Thousands of years ago, they used to throw people into them. Now, they just have another way of doing it. Though the smoke smells sweet and fresh, it smells to him like burning flesh. [x] It seems surreal to have an actual god amongst them, even if Mr. D doesn't seem like much. He's pudgy, his cheeks are always flushed red with alcohol, and he doesn't look like he could harm a fly, let alone one of them. But when Percy looks into wine-purple eyes and sees twenty or thirty nubile, naked female bodies caught in the throes of fear, a white, twisting rope in a scenery of foliage—the screams, and satyrs with their skin of coarse, rough hair leaving bruises in their grasps, and—these are the nymphs and satyrs and this is always how it has been— He never makes that mistake again. On the outside, the Camp seems welcoming. A haven for tired demigods. A safe place to sleep, to train and get stronger so they could defend themselves and their friends (and die for the gods). This life is only for the elite of the group. Namely, the councillors and their factions. Those on the very bottoms of the food chain, like the Unclaimed... well, if a few Ares kids went overboard with their initiation, it was only to be expected, right? A little nectar and ambrosia and they'll be fine. It doesn't leave any lasting impressions. And if sometimes, a few of them go missing...