A/N:So first off, this was incredibly inspired by ShayaLonnie's Debt of Time (Which if you haven't read, I highly recommend it. Like, go-read-it-right-now-you-won't-regret-it, recommend it). But this will also be completely different from her story, just going off of the same concept (Time Travel, Marauders, Possibly a name similarity because I'm really bad at making up names), with a lot of my own personal weirdness and ideas set into it. I am also going to warn you right now, this will most likely have a pairing (i.e. the main one that I am not going to hint at as that would ruin some of the surprise and story building I want to do) that you will not like, but please have an open mind if you do decide to read. There's also torture (literally in the first line), plus possible other things (rape, etc) that you may not be okay with, and thus this is your warning. It's mostly a T fic, but it will get a little M at parts, so beware. Thank you, and happy crying. I mean reading. No, crying. (Also, constructive criticism is incredibly appreciated. Please and thank you.) Hermione wished for death, and she didn't even know why. Her skin felt as if it was tearing itself apart, ripping into pieces before being sewn back together, only to be shredded once more. Her nerves were fire, running through her body, burning pathways that looped and turned at every spot where she had never thought about pain ever occurring. Her muscles tensed, convulsed, and rubbed painfully against her bones and skin. Speaking of her bones, it felt like every single one was breaking, shattering to the winds before being pieced back together haphazardly, immediately disintegrating again. Her brain only had one thought, one emotion, one feeling, and that was pain. Her cries echoed across the small office, bathing her with her own blood-curdling scream, a faint laugh audible in the background, mocking her as the seconds of torture felt like days. The screams told her to give up. That death would be better. There was no pain in death, but there was no life either. And so she screamed, her throat burning every minute, gasping for the air it couldn't breath, her lungs seemingly filled with acid from the lack of air. Hermione's vision was fading, and quickly at that, before a large explosion penetrated her screams. A moment later, and a blast of red light, everything stopped, but the residual pain lingered. She coughed violently on the floor, her eyes opening slightly as she glanced across the room. Pink littered the walls, with cats watching her, some of them shaking, much like she was, and others sneering as much as a cat could. On the floor next to her, lay a squat figure clad in pink as well, her toad-like features still, wand rolling slowly away from her as her eyes stared vacantly on, half opened, the ghost of her maniacal laugh etched onto her face. A tall figure leaned over Umbridge, his black hair hanging around his face as his hook nose stared down in distaste. His wand was gripped tightly in his hand, pointed directly at the crumpled pink figure, the tip practically glowing from his anger. The man propped up the toad before flicking his wand quickly, causing her to levitate. Moving swiftly, directing with his wand, he carried Umbridge out of Hermione's sight. A new figure, with messy black hair, a part sticking up in the back, stood over her, slowly moving her head to look straight up. Her tears changed course as they began to move downward once again, leaving most of her face wet. She groaned in pain as he propped her up, her vision going fuzzy for a moment until he set her down. Standing back, his face full of fury, was a figure with shocking red hair. He scurried over next to her, choosing the opposite side from Harry. He pushed a bit of hair out of her face, before drawing her into a gentle hug, which she sobbed deeply into. For a few moments, they stayed like that. For a few moments, it was okay. But pain soon returned as Harry and Ron - albeit as delicately as they could - lifted her up gently, sharing her weight equally as they began to move out of the office, heading up the stairs. Her head lolled to the side, her eyes drooping closed, the pain and anguish finally surrounding her with darkness, pulling her quickly into the recesses of sleep. One Hour Earlier Harry's head continued to spin from the vision he had seen just moments before. Sirius was in trouble, and it was up to Harry to save him. He'd already convinced Hermione, Ron, Ginny, Luna, and Neville to help him break into Umbridge's office, albeit Hermione seemed rather reluctant. It bothered him that she thought there was another way, but there couldn't be. He didn't have time to sit around all day! Sirius was being tortured. It's not like he had a way to contact him - or did he? The memory barely hovered into recognition long enough for him to grasp onto it. Sirius had beckoned him to his side. "I want you to take this," he said quietly, thrusting a badly wrapped package roughly the size of a paperback book into Harry's hands. "What is it?" Harry asked. "A way of letting me know if Snape's giving you a hard time. No, don't open it here!" said Sirius, "I doubt Molly would approve - but I want you to use it if you need me, all right?" Sirius had given him something. A way to contact him! Hope began to spread through Harry, setting his nerves practically on fire as they urged to dive into his trunk. He bolted up the staircases, nearly forgetting to jump over the missing step as he skidded to a stop in front of the Fat Lady. Panting, he gave the password before barging into the common room, ignoring the many stares that were being directed at him. He pushed past the door that lead to the dormitories, almost stumbling up the steps as he pulled himself into his dorm, rushing over to the first trunk he saw. He had just begun tearing it apart before he noticed that he'd sat at Neville's. Apologizing to the empty air, he moved over to his trunk as he began to rummage frantically through it. Finally, he reached the bottom, where a poorly wrapped package lay nearly undisturbed. Correcting that quickly, he shredded the wrapping, pulling out a mirror, scanning the handwritten instructions quickly before flinging them onto his bed. "Sirius Black!" He practically cried into the old silver encircled mirror. His eyes frantically examined his reflection, shutting quickly as nothing changed. "Harry Potter." A voice called through the small object in his hand. Harry's eyes fluttered open, looking on in awe at the figure, with long black hair and calm grey eyes, residing where Harry's reflection should have. "Is everything alright?" Harry raked a hand nervously through his hair, the jitters that had previously enveloped him slowly receding. "It is now." Sirius raised an eyebrow. "Would you care to elaborate?" "Not really, no." Sirius narrowed his eyes at the young wizard. "Alright. I was taking my exam, and then I fell asleep." "I think your father did that once, too." Sirius said, before shaking his head. "You were saying?" Harry rolled his eyes. "Well, as soon as I fell asleep, I saw you… but you were being tortured by Voldemort. Which thankfully you're not!" Sirius nodded in agreement. "I'm not one to be serious," Harry raised an eyebrow, "but that could be disastrous, Harry. You can't be having soirées inside Voldemort's mind!" "You make it sound like it's something I'm actively trying to do!" "Harry, we know you wanted to see behind that door! Snape told us about it after one of your Occlumency lessons." Sirius countered. Harry muttered something along the lines of 'git', causing Sirius to chuckle. "I completely agree, but he is useful to the order, something I can't say that I am right now." "I'm just happy that you're not being tortured right now. And that I remembered the mirror." Harry said, relief continuing to flush his system. "How were you going to try and talk to me before, then?" Sirius asked. Harry thought for a moment, before realization slapped him across the face. "Oh! We were going to break into Umbridge's office so I could use the fireplace." Sirius's eyes glimmered with pride, before his brows knit in confusion. "As much as I just loved hearing you say those words, you wouldn't have been able to contact me. I've been up here treating Buckbeak the entire time." He pointed at the disgruntled Hippogriff behind him. "He had quite a few cuts across his wings." "How'd that happen?" Sirius shrugged. "I wouldn't put it past Kreacher, but I haven't seen him today But nevermind that. Don't you have a break in to stop?" "Right." Harry nodded. "Thanks. I'll call you back in a bit." "I'll be here, and hopefully Dumbledore will have a solution to your vision by the time you get back." Sirius said, waving before his image faded back to Harry's reflection. Harry had managed to stop the others before they could get too far into their plan, with his last stop being Hermione. Skidding to a halt, he took a few deep breaths next to the bushy-haired girl that stared at him in confusion. "Where's your knife?" She asked, her mind already working overtime as Harry took a few more lungfuls. Harry waved his hand. "We-We're not going in anymore. Sirius is fine-" "Wonderful!" She said, a smile instantly returning to her face. "How did you-" "Hem-Hem" A familiar voice sounded from just behind Hermione. Harry could already see the pink and the toad like features before she stood next to Hermione, causing him to freeze. He could already tell this was not going to go well. "Unless I'm mistaken, Mister Potter, I heard you say you were going 'in'." She put a grubby hand onto Hermione's shoulder, who looked instantaneously horrified. "Where would 'in' be?" "Nowhere, Professor." Harry said, his eyes narrowing to mere slits. Umbridge made a throaty giggle. "'Nowhere', you say?" She moved further past Hermione. "And what does this 'nowhere' have to do with one Sirius Black?" The pink was absolutely blinding. "I don't know what you're referring to, Professor." His patience was wearing incredibly thin, perhaps due to being in such a close proximity to the irritating woman. "Then why are you standing directly outside of my office door?" Her smile showed perfect teeth, each one gleaming with an unprecedented malice. "Is it a crime to stand around?" Harry snapped, realizing the mistake he'd made just a second too late. Umbridge's eyes turned cold, a hungry light glowing menacingly from each one. "Detention, Potter." "NO!" Hermione cried, causing both heads to turn directly at her. Harry was shocked, to say the least. The toad clearly had a new victim, as her smile spread to her ears, her fingers twitching near where she held her wand. "Are you offering to take Mister Potter's place, Miss Granger?" Harry frantically shook her head, trying to persuade Hermione out of it. Something in Umbridge seemed to have snapped, and he wasn't going to allow her anywhere near his friends if he could help it. But Hermione nodded, and before Harry could even blink, she was wrenched into the office, the door slamming abruptly as Umbridge began to reach for her wand. Ron had been walking out of the dormitory before all he could see was a messy head of black, and then the wooden floor beneath him. The wind was sufficiently knocked out of him, and so he took a few deep breaths before glancing curiously at the rushing figure. "Harry, mate,