"It's always nice being wanted. Even if it's by the wrong person." ~ Tabitha Suzama Prologue: "I HATE YOU!" I scream down the stairs at Paul. "Hate is an ugly word Bella, you shouldn't use it" he scolded me, walking up a couple of steps towards me. "Newsflash! YOU'RE NOT MY DAD!" I ran to my bedroom and slammed the door, jumping on my bed. I stay out past curfew and he grounds me? I WAS 5 MINUTES LATE! " Bella. " He ground out through gritted teeth. "I know I'm not your dad but you are 14 for bob's sake! It's my job to look after you." "Ugh!" I groan burying my head under my pillow. " Ugh! " He mocks me, walking away. I threw my biology book at the door. 4 years later "Bella, I've got patrol. Do you want to go hang with someone?" Paul shouted up the stairs. "Yeah, see you later." I called down. The door slammed, letting me know that Paul was gone. I smiled. I didn't like Paul any more now, at the grand age of 18 then I did a tender 14 years of age. The only difference was, I learned to be civil, to be indifferent. The truth was, I just didn't feel anything around him, I knew I was supposed to because he imprinted on me. But I didn't. I couldn't decide who to visit, Paul usually patrolled with Jared, and so he was out of the question. Quil would be with Claire, Sam with Emily and Embry with Angela. That left… Leah, or Jacob. I hadn't talked to Jacob since we were six. Leah hates me. I chose Jacob, he was the safest bet. I walked over to his house, I knew he was alone there since Billy passed away so maybe he'd be glad of the company? I got to the front door and pushed it open not bothering to knock, walking in like I owned the place. "Jacob?" I called out, wandering into the living room. Heavy foot falls in the hall, let me know he was coming. I turned to see him stood in the door way, doing a double take. "Isabella Swan? What are you doing here?" He asked with a strange formality. "Call me Bella, and I just wanted to… catch up?" I didn't mean for it to sound like a question, but somehow it did. "After 12 years?" Jacob asked, raising an eyebrow. "Yeah…" I trailed off. This idea was seeming worse and worse by the second. "Okay," he shrugged, "Long time no see Baby Bells." And just like that I knew he'd forgiven me. "You're only a week older than me" I reminded him. "Thus meaning I have licence to baby you all I want," he grinned smugly. "I'm not six anymore Jake," I snorted. "I can see that," he told me, giving me a quick once over, "Paul must be very proud." "I'm sure he is," I replied tersely. He raised an eye brow, trying to get me to elaborate, but I wasn't in a sharing mood. After brief, yet still awkward silence, he offered to show me a car he was working on. It was an offer I was more than grateful for. "So… this is your thing right? Fixing cars?" I asked, trying to think of something to say that would make me sound like I knew anything about it. Sadly, my knowledge was greatly lacking, so I gave up on that little endeavour. "I guess, yeah," he agreed. "You spend a lot of time in here I see," I nodded towards the empty pizza boxes that littered every available flat surface. "You got a problem with that Swan?" Jake challenged, playfully. "Nope," I grinned, "the dirt is actually kind of refreshing." Paul was so anal about cleaning I swear I could eat off the carpet in that house. "Paul too clean for you?" He chuckled. Paul's OCD was clearly well known by the pack. "Only a little," I nonchalantly replied. "A little?" Jake gasped, faking incredulity, "You Bella, are in desperate need of being dirtied up." "What are you doing?" I asked, confused as he walked over to his work bench. "Just getting the oil," he replied casually. Too casually. "That oil had better be for the car," I warned, feeling more than a little suspicious. "Sure it is Bells, sure it is," Jake nodded amiably, walking towards the beaten up hunk of metal. He spun so quickly I had no time to react. The next thing I knew the whole can of oil had been emptied over my head, and was running down my neck into my shirt. "You stupid, fast, annoying, dog!" I seethed, wiping the grease from my eyes. "What's wrong Baby Bella?" he teased, "too much dirt for you to handle?" "I'll show you too much dirt," I threatened, stalking towards him. "Hey now, don't be angry. This is a good look on you," he complimented, whilst backing away from me. "Oh really?" I snorted. Jake's back hit the car and I pounced, wrapping my arms around his shoulders, sharing the 'good look' with him. "See? Now you look as good as I do." I took a step back to admire my handy work, however, I was disappointed to find that the oil had little to no effect on Jacobs black shirt, but my white one might as well have not been there. I blushed a little turning my back to Jake. Wearing a black bra with a white top was bound to land me in an awkward situation like this at some point. "Aw, don't be embarrassed Bella. We used to bath together, right?" "I certainly hope you didn't" Paul's loud voice echoed in the tiny garage. "Well actually, yes we did." I turned to face Paul with my arms across my chest. Paul's face flushed red, as a small growl escaped. "Home. Now." He shouted, pointing to the garage door. "Yes mom." I sneered at him, before mouthing a quick sorry to Jacob. "I'll deal with you later." Paul paused to threaten Jacob, then hurried after me, stripping off his shirt and passing it to me. "You do that Paul!" Jake shouted after us. Heaven help him. "Home is this way Paul" I reminded him as he turned around. He wrapped his arm around my shoulders, and led me home. I pushed open the front door and leapt in the shower, then I headed into the kitchen and opened the fridge, starting to make dinner before I got into another fight with Paul. "Bella." Paul sighed, moving towards me. I continued to ignore him and went about chopping the vegetables. "I'm sorry, I know I've upset you. Please just talk to me?" "No" I moved to the cupboards to find a pan. "I've never had an imprint before, and I'll never have one after you, so you have to give me a chance. I messed up, okay? Be nice?" "I'm being as nice as I can be." "Well, I'd settle for a smile?" I grimaced at him. ….. It had been a long week. I hadn't seen Jacob since the Monday Paul patrolled last, and after what felt like eternity, Monday had finally come around again. "I'm going now, bye!" Paul called from the kitchen. I smiled, running to my room and changing clothes. I put on my favourite dark blue skinny jeans, white vest and black leather jacket with gold studs. I applied some eyeliner, mascara and lipstick and headed over to Jake's. His house was only down the street, so I was there in seconds. Yet again, I neglected to knock; walking in and heading straight to the living room. "Bella?" Jacob called from the door way, I turned around to face him. I wish I hadn't. He had clearly just got out the shower, with just a towel wrapped around his waist. I blushed, turning away. "I need to start knocking." I cringed. "No point, I've answer the door naked before." "You what?" I screeched, horrified. "Just kidding! Relax! I'm going to get dressed, be back in a minute" he winked, before turning and walking to his room. After my palpitations stopped, I went to the back door, and stared out into the garden that I vaguely remember from past summers spent with Charlie before he died whilst investigating an 'animal attack' out in Port Angles. It was bizarre, seeing it after all these years. Memories came flooding back to me, of happier, carefree days. " Bewa! Bewa! Look out, the evil troll is coming!" Little (but bigger than me) Jacob cried in dismay. I gasped, running to Jake. " We have to climb the tree houwse! It's the ownly way!" He declared, much to our father's amusement. He ran on ahead of me, nimbly climbing up the ladder with ease. Then there was me at the bottom, not able to reach the next step. " J-J! Help me!" I screamed. " I on my way Bewa!" He shouted, climbing back down. He lifted me up, so I could reach and stayed below me on the ladder in case I fell. We reached the tree house, and both gave excited squeals of delight. " We did it J-J" I laughed, giving him a hug. " I will always rescue you Bewa" He announced, hugging me closer. "Do you remember the games we used to play?" Jacob shocked me by appearing by my side. "Yeah," I answered still in the memory. "You up for it?" "For what?" I asked, confused. "Bella! Bella! Paul is coming!" Jacob joked playfully, sliding the door open and running out into the grass. I play along, gasping and running to his side. "We have to make a mess in the tree house, it might just kill him!" Jake goofed around, making me laugh. He grabbed hold of my hand and towed me to the ladder. "You first." He told me, all but pushing me up, we got to the top and collapsed in a heap. "We did it Jake." I smiled at him, wrapping my arms around him. "We certainly did Baby B" he answered, resting his head on my shoulder. …... I snuck home and showered before Paul could get back and miss me, putting my clothes in the wash. I had dinner in the oven, and the dishes were already done. I was happy. "Did ya' miss me?" Paul called out from the doorway. I gave him a look, and shook my head. "No not really." "I could make you miss me?" He asked walking over to me and giving me a wink. I turned my back to him and pretended to check the dinner. "Not interested." "Are you ever going to be?" "How about no?" "You do realise that you're the only woman I'll ever love? We're destined to be together." He grabbed my arm and pulled me in for a hug. I felt kind of guilty, but I'd never let it show. "I do know, yes." "Then why do you hate me so much?" "I don't hate you, I just…" I didn't know what to say. "Is there someone else?" Anger and hurt filled his voice, I pulled away from him. How dare he? He had no right to be angry at me if there was someone else! What happened to 'an imprint is whatever you need them to be?' Did I need and asshole? "Yes, anyone else Paul. Anyone else who treats me like a person and not property!" I ran for the front door, locking it behind me giving me a five second head start. I ran for Jacobs, heading straight for his room. I flung the door open and threw myself on the end of his bed. He dropped the book he was reading, and picked me up, cradling me in his arms. I broke down in tears, as Jacob tried to soothe me. "Hey, hey! What's