Author's Note: This story has been in the works for 3 or 4 years now. It is currently over 100 pages but incomplete. This is DM/HG, canon compatible with Deathly Hallows but very EWE. I have decided to test the waters. If you enjoy, please review and there will be more! Disclaimer: I do not own any part of the Harry Potter franchise. Draco tossed back a celebratory glass of Firewhisky, his boss, the thoroughly sloshed Bernard Bullham – "Hambone" – shouting obnoxiously in his ear. He couldn't help the grin that spread over his features. Starting Monday morning, he would have his very own window. Admittedly, there wasn't much of a view, as the building was surrounded by other office buildings, but it sure as hell beat the closet-sized work spaces Junior Execs at Bullham and Miner were afforded. And to one who had been trapped in a closet with artificial lighting for the past six years, a window was a big deal. In all honesty, Draco was surprised he had been given the promotion over other, at least equally qualified, candidates. His eyes flickered across the rented hall, landing on a curly-haired brunette witch, presently drowning herself in elf-made wine and attempting to spurn the advances of Peter McKenzie, the greasy new Junior Copy-editor. He would have laughed if he didn't feel the slightest twinge of pity. Granger had wanted the promotion almost as much as he had, if not more. She had been stretching herself thin and bending over backwards doing extra work to make herself noticed after the retirement of Jim Miner, one of the founding marketing moguls, had been announced. Draco, on the other hand, had scoffed loudly that the company was bound to promote some stuffy out-dated thinker with more of a mind for the Wednesday night Bridge game than innovative marketing, unaware that Miner had been just outside the door. Expecting to clear out his desk, he was surprised to instead see a memo fly up to his office the next day, stating that they would be reaching into the pit of Juniors to promote a fresh marketing mind as a new Senior Executive, rather than trying to fill Miner's position at the very top. "Did I say you'll have a staff of five!" Hambone roared and Draco blinked, pulled from his thoughts. "I thought it was three, sir," he murmured, helping himself to another glass of whisky. "Five! Seven if you can handle it!" The older man laughed jovially and clapped Draco fairly hard on the shoulder, making the whisky toss dangerously around in the glass. "I'm thrilled, sir," Draco replied. And he was. Self-accomplishment was a relatively new feeling to him. "Congratulations, Draco!" He glanced to his other side to see Lila Campbell, Miner's most recent promotion, and Draco personally thought one of his best. Lila was only 19, having joined the company a year out of Hogwarts and quickly becoming a Junior Executive. Draco frequently had to remind himself of the five year age gap each time he saw her and her long blonde hair. "Thanks, Lil," he murmured, grinning. "You look stunning." "As do you," she returned, flushing light pink. "I would've been over earlier but I've been avoiding Peter. He's been after me for a dance, but at least now he's gone for Hermione Granger instead." Draco laughed, again looking to Granger, who was swatting McKenzie's hands away from her hair. "I was actually considering heading over to rescue her," he stated, though the thought had not crossed his mind. "I'll leave you to that, I don't want to get too near him again," Lila teased. "Oh, wait," Draco paused as he began to walk through the crowd. "Are you on my team?" "I think so," she replied, biting her lip. "Well, it hasn't officially been announced yet, has it? But Hambone said something about it earlier." "Ah." He finished the rest of the glass. "It would be an honour to have a brain like yours." Lila smiled brilliantly, and Draco tore himself away, crossing the room. "Pete," he began, looking down on the rather unhygienic wizard seated next to Granger, "a moment if you will?" The copy-editor threw him a disgruntled look before vacating the seat. It was nothing to match the look of contempt he was gifted by Granger. "What do you want? Here to rub some salt in my wounds? By all means, go for it," she said miserably, taking a deep drink of her wine. "I came to talk, Granger," Draco said, unamused. "If you'd like, I'll go and let Pete have at you again. I hear he's single." He waggled his eyebrows, smirking. "No!" Granger proclaimed, a bit too fast. "Er, rather, you can stay." A waiter walked by and refilled Draco's Firewhisky, twice, as he downed the first one, unsure of what to say to Granger. "You don't seem to be enjoying yourself," he began conversationally. He nearly winced at the look Granger gave him. "Oh, don't I? I don't like staff parties to begin with, and the promotion I've been working my arse off for months went to you of all people." "Though it may surprise you, I didn't want the promotion just to spite you," against his will, Draco felt himself become frustrated. "I've been at Bullham and Miner six years, you know." "I know." She frowned. "It's just irritating to be passed over, since I know Bernard favours you as it is." "You and I were nearly tied the whole way through, according to Hambone," he pointed out. "Told me earlier." He shook his head; Granger was the only one who refused to call Bullham by his nickname. Even Miner was known to refer to his business partner as The Ham. "That's a real comfort," she murmured. "That'll make me feel loads better when you're suddenly bossing me around." "Are you on my staff?" he asked, jolted. "Oh probably," Granger raised her eyebrows. "Jim said something about putting the best minds together on your team. One of which he inferred to be me." "It's true," Draco replied dismissively. "As you're aware, the firm is trying to land that new Diagon Alley account, and it'll be less difficult with strong teams in place." "Must we talk work right now, Malfoy?" She groaned, tossing back another glass of wine. "Of course not," Draco bit out shortly. No one could say he wasn't making an effort. All the elation – albeit, slightly drunken – he had been feeling earlier had drained away in Granger's presence. She had a funny way of doing that to a person. "I won't keep you from your party," Granger muttered, glancing briefly at him. He took the hint, standing up. "Right." Finishing his drink, though it now left a rather bitter taste in his mouth, he pushed in his chair and walked off without another word. He felt the last of his excitement ooze away with each step, fully of a mind to leave. "Draco," Lila cooed, coming up to him again. Draco noticed she looked a bit more unsteady on her feet than she had the last time they'd spoken. "Wanna dance?" "I was just about to go home, actually," he murmured, inwardly cursing himself and whatever was shoved up Granger's arse. "I see," Lila replied, leaning in. "With me?" Draco nearly groaned aloud at the thought. "Alone, I'm afraid. I've got a lot of work to do tomorrow." It wasn't a lie; Draco had been working overtime more than anyone lately, trying to meet a deadline for Gladrags. "On a Saturday?" Lila laughed, but let it drop. "Well, don't work too hard, see you on Monday!" Draco paused, about to say something but instead he nodded, turned and left. Monday morning came swift and early. Draco nearly forgot about the promotion until he walked in the glass front doors. Somehow, the air felt a bit less stifling today. There was already a lift waiting on the ground floor; typically there was so much going on he had to wait several minutes for one. Making his way to his old desk to gather his things, Draco was swept in a different direction by Bullham, sober and down to business once more. "This way, Malfoy." He straightened his tie. "Your things have already been transported." Surprised, Draco followed, anxious to see the office he'd worked toward for what felt like ages. It was moderately larger than his last space, he supposed. There was a coat rack by the door. His desk looked new, with more drawers. And there was a window. Sauntering over to it so as not to look too interested, Draco gazed down at the street below. They were in the heart of London, camouflaged between Muggle buildings, with the usual Muggle-repellent charms. "Excellent," he grinned, running a hand over his new leather chair. Hambone grunted in response, nodded and vacated the office. Draco softly closed the door behind him. Glancing around surreptitiously, as though he expected to find someone hiding in the corner, he sat down. He lounged backward, resting his feet momentarily on his desk. "Excellent," he repeated to himself softly. He jumped at a loud knock on the door, hastily replacing his feet to the floor. Storming to the door, he yanked it open. It was Lila. She stood, staring at him for a moment with an odd expression on her face. Draco raised an eyebrow, acting upon an urge to smirk. "What is it?" he asked, stepping into the doorway. "I've brought you some paperwork," she murmured, and it was then that Draco noticed she was holding a large stack of paper. He groaned, taking the stack from her and placing it on his desk. "That will take all day in itself," he stated, eyeing the paperwork with a look of disgust. Lila laughed, stepping into the office. "This is nice," she spoke, walking to the window. "Wish I had one of these." Draco shrugged. "The view isn't anything spectacular." Indifference had always been a skill of his. "But still," she returned, staring out. "It turns out I might be on your team. Well, Miner included a list, it's just on top of the stack. But he says you have final say on who to take. I know there are a lot of more experienced Execs on there..." She trailed off, looking away from him. "I'd love to have you on my staff, Lil," he assured her, then paused. She snickered, but turned red at the double entendre behind his words. "Well, not on my– not that I wouldn't– you know what I... oh, bugger." Now Lila was laughing at him. Draco Malfoy did not stumble over words. What was the matter with him? "I'll see you later, Draco," Lila walked out, shaking her head. He quickly closed the door again, furious with himself. Giving the stack of parchment a cold look, he settled down to begin. The top sheet, as Lila had said, was a note from Miner. It was a list of eight Junior Executives, from which he was to choose five. Having expected to just be told who comprised his team, Draco had to pause to think. He instantly circled Lila, followed closely by Thomas Baxter, his former desk neighbour. Baxter had all but completed his training at the Culinary Institute of Magical America when he realized that his calling was not food, but in fact, marketing. When Draco had once asked him why he didn't finish his certification, he had shrugged and said, "sometimes you just gotta go with your gut, mate." The rest of the list were witches and wizards with whom Draco had never had anything but a working relationship with. But at the bottom of the list was a name which left an unsettled feeling in the pit of his stomach; Hermione Granger. He could select her to be on his team. If he wanted a heart attack by thirty. He knew that they