Hear the man draw breath. If he is lucky, he will soon draw his last. He hears nothing else, not the cries of his fellow wizards and believers that haunt his nights, not the screaming of Muggle fighter-bombers diving a kilometer away and bringing their world's hellish war one massacre nearer to a close. Not the final words of his brother, master, mentor, leader, a man many leagues away, a man apart in body and soul and dreams. Does Gellert Grindelwald have final words? Is Grindelwald a man to face death with a scowl or a sardonic farewell, a toast to part from this mortal coil? The man does not know. He admits, after all this time, that he does not know his master as he should. All he knows is that Grindelwald heads to death or defeat, for he knows no wizard alive has stood before the might of Albus Dumbledore and triumphed. He cannot get comfortable. This shadowy, subterranean burrow is not built for comfort but for sleep, a lifetime's worth for any Muggle or lesser wizard. He would prefer to stand alongside Grindelwald, to die before Dumbledore's fury, to close out life a man and no less. Instead duty renders him a mole, a coward. A back-up plan, so says Grindelwald, for no man is above a vision – and the man knows his master's vision supersedes all else, even his own acceptance, embrace even, that he has failed in life. He has won no great victory. He has not etched his name in the stone of time and space. None shall look upon his works and despair. Yet, Grindelwald's voice – his voice? – reminds him from some caved-in corner of his mind. Yet. Has his story only been postponed? He refuses to lie to himself. The two greatest wizards of his day, arguably of history, may fight to the death as he cowers here in this living grave. He will awake to Dumbledore's world, Dumbledore's order, and open his eyes to witness a past he has lived, a history he has watched unfold. The present tells him that Grindelwald is a true man, a just one, a visionary building a wizarding world that need not be plagued by the kind of bloodshed and atrocities the Muggles practice every decade or so, of the type the man has watched annihilate his native Germany as the Soviet fury sows wreckage and births despair. All lost. A vision shredded because of a moment of anger, a spark of passion and wrath, a spell gone wrong and fate pitted the dreams of Albus Dumbledore and Gellert Grindelwald in a fight to the death. What a pity. What a waste. Something foul hides in the twisting of life. The air in the burrow warms. The man can wait no longer. How long will he sleep? Will he even wake? This mysterious magic, these experimental spells: He admits, he does not like Grindelwald's back-up plan for more reasons than one. But someone must remember. Someone must ferry a dream back into the waking world, long after history has scourged it from record. He lies upon the hard earth and stares at the granite ceiling just six feet above him. Not a burrow, a coffin. Perhaps he shall never wake up. Perhaps he'll suffocate in this bungalow and the ground will bury him until some adventurer in the future unearths his bleached bones, a fossil in a museum for the young wizards and witches of tomorrow to ogle. Perhaps, deep down, he hopes for just that. No. He is not so lucky. He will have to live with his shame when his hour comes round at last, his revelation at hand. Yeats was right. From beyond the fog, Bethlehem calls. "Devil take me, then," he whispers. The man aims his wand at his temple, closes his eyes, and whispers the words. It is grand, a colossus! Not enough and beckoning her onwards, and yet so much that she feels the walls, the crowds, the little paper plane-memos zipping through the halls as fleet as brooms in the Quidditch games she learned to love from her mother and father, all of it swirling and coalescing down around her as if the very Ministry of Magic itself wants to trap her here. For fourteen years her father never brought her here. Now here she stands, and now Lily Potter is unsure of what to do next. She is a boat unmoored, and the sea that rumbles through this great burrow pushes her this way and that as she makes no headway at all. She lets her father do the talking. "Albus had career counseling just last year," Harry Potter tells the tall, richly-dressed man before them. Kingsley Shacklebolt, Minister of Magic. Legendary wizard, and thus no different than her father. "But we're all Gryffindors. We're a little more set in things. Lily's the Ravenclaw of the family, so I thought it'd be better to show her around before throwing her off into the deep end." "This is one of those examples of parents learning what to do for the youngest child through trial and error with the older children, I take it?" Kingsley says with a smile. "I'm also going to guess this was Ms. Granger's idea." "Well, yeah. But, you know, Lily's not her kid. I get at least half the credit." Kingsley chuckles. "Your father wants one Auror to follow him, doesn't he?" he asks her. She knows they want her to smile, and so she smiles. "It's good to look around a bit. I've got another four years at Hogwarts to decide on careers, so it's good to look around." Diplomatic, neutral, and Kingsley goes with it: "I changed my mind. She sounds like she'll be taking my job one day. Well don't let me hold you up, Lily. Harry, as always, a pleasure." Kingsley is a titan, and yet she does not know why he looks the part of an institution so much more than her father. Her father killed Voldemort. Her father is Harry Potter, who old Professor Binns talks about in History of Magic, who her classmates whisper about when they gossip behind her back. Yet Harry Potter is at heart a mummer, a persona wholly apart from the father with green eyes who clutches her shoulders and smiles. They are two men, different men, she thinks. One is the war hero who killed the greatest dark wizard of all time. The other man is the one across from her here in the Ministry, the one who yells at James to stop lobbing dungbombs through Al's bedroom window, who drinks butterbeer with Uncle Ron over games of exploding snap, who slow-dances with her mother in the kitchen when they think she's asleep, who tells her that he was an idiot to take Divination, and that she shouldn't worry about taking A Study of Ancient Runes. These are worlds apart, and she is mystified that she keeps one foot in either of them. "I've a meeting with Dean at nine-thirty," he tells her, his grip on her right shoulder clutching just tight enough to tell her that she'll be fine. "Wish I could skip it, but, you know. You know Dean's son, right? He's in your house." She does. Another Auror, another of his people, the ones who know that other man named Harry Potter. And yet a mummer too, the man a father of a fellow rising fourth-year boy she knows so well, a boy who calls Ravenclaw Tower home as she does, who sees his father a Gryffindor and takes another path. She has not told her father much about the boy, nor has she told her mother. Al has thankfully kept that secret. "I'm okay waiting," she says. "How about this," he says, "Aunt Hermione's down in the Ministry Archives researching something for a case she's working on for her department. I'm tied up until eleven – why don't I take you down there and meet her, hm? Afterwards I can show you around my office. We can get lunch later, the three of us. Besides, there's loads in the Archives. I'll probably have to pry you away. If there's anything you want to know, it's there, and she'll show you anything else." There's the other side, she thinks. There is a Harry Potter the world needs, and the world needs him this morning. The world does not need Lily Potter. She hears the taunts of other Ravenclaws, of the Gryffindors she can't stand but can't tell her father and mother about, for fear of their reaction: Lily. Are you sure she's a Potter? Maybe her mother's had a fling with some other guy, had her pop out on accident. Red hair; you don't see her brothers with red hair. Tell me that's not a coincidence . Her father is heroic, a symbol. She is just another rising fourth-year girl at Hogwarts, except she battles her last name along with the other girls. She cannot say any of this to her father, however, especially not here in the heart of the world that reveres his past. All she can do is agree and follow him through the cavernous halls of the Ministry, the ceiling lights glistening off of the Potter on the guest badge pinned to her chest. When she follows her father off the Ministry's creaky elevator on Level Five, announced by a cheerful voice as the floor for the Department of International Magical Cooperation, among other offices, a pair of hooded men watch her step off. They stare straight ahead, the hoods veiling their eyes, and when the elevator doors close and the car descends, Lily smells ash and soot. "Unspeakables," her father tells her, "from down in the Department of Mysteries. Don't worry about them. Heck, I chief Law Enforcement and they don't even report to me. Come on." Her stomach churns with doubt. Were they burning something down there, or do they all smell like that? She has heard of them, of course. Her father, her mother, her aunt and uncle, they had all broken into the Department of Mysteries when they were a mere year older than she is now. Queer beasts live down there on the bottom floor of the Ministry with names like time, space, death, love. Prophecy. A million unseen things she only knows from textbooks and hours spent prowling about Hogwarts's library, gleaning clues of a fight that even her parents shied away from all these years later. Mysteries, within and without. She wants to understand. If the Hogwarts library impressed her, the Ministry Archives swallow her whole. Surely every book ever written by magical hands calls this place home, soldiers standing in formation within bookshelves that rise twelve, fourteen, sixteen rows high. Glass spheres the size of her palm float through the air between the stacks, encapsulating golden flames that seem to burn the very ether itself. Wizards and witches flit between stacks like ghosts appearing for a visage of black cloaks and pointed hats before disappearing behind another shelf. Lily has left the bowed heads, slouched shoulders, grumbled greetings, and quill twitching of the working world above for an alcove that invites her first smile of the day. The witch who rounds the nearest shelf with a grin has not aged from the young woman Lily sees in the photographs around her home. Her straight back and raised chin, her bushy hair and perfect teeth that Uncle Ron teases her about for some reason, all the same features at forty-two that made Hermione Granger at eighteen. Now she is not just heroine and Hogwarts post-graduate but Executor of the British Department of International Magical Cooperation, but the warm look she gives Harry, the glance of understanding Lily has spotted innumerable times gliding like an invisible spell between the two sorcerers, parents, and friends, speaks that titles do not make the woman. "The she is," Hermione