Jake and I lay in our meadow, his arms around me and my head on his chest. My fingertips trace circles on his chest; his hand that's not around me runs through my hair. The sun is shining, a rare occasion in the spring in Forks, and we've been laying in our meadow, on a quilt, for the past three hours. Occasionally making out, but mostly just dozing. I turn my head so my chin is on his chest, and I look up at him. His tan skin is glowing in the sunlight, his black hair appearing shiny. He feels my gaze on him and his eyes flutter open. "What?" he questions quietly, amusement in his squinting eyes. "Nothing," I smile, "you just look so perfect." He chuckles, shaking his head. "You are the most beautiful thing I've ever seen." "Liar." I grin, not able to stop the blush rising to my cheeks. Honestly though, how can even say that? Has he seen my family? They're perfect. Jake props himself up on an elbow, pulling my face to his. His lips press against mine, as he ignores my comment. He knows I don't believe or accept half of his compliments. He doesn't want to argue. Jake lets himself fall back, pulling me on top of him as we deepen the kiss. Our mouths move perfectly in sync as his hands lower from my hair to my hips and my own hands tangle into his hair. He pulls me closer until our bodies are as close as physically possible. The moment is so utterly perfect I want nothing more than to stay like this forever. But I feel the need to stop, to catch my breath, reminding me of my inadequate partially human lungs. I pull away, sufficiently irritated with myself. I push myself upward, pulling Jake with me. We both gasp for breath, our arms still wrapped around each other and our faces only inches apart. "It sucks, doesn't it?" I whisper into the short space between our lips. "Having to breathe, I mean." He chuckles, closing the space between our mouths in a long, thoughtful kiss. "A freaking waste of time is what it is," he agrees with an amused smile. The sun is beginning to set, the air getting crisper. Wind begins to pick up and, knowing it'll only get worse and that I didn't bring a coat, we decide to head back to the house. I feel a dull ache in the front of my head and silently pray that it's not the start of a migraine. I get those once in a while. It's a three-mile walk back to the main house, where I've been staying until my parents get home from their three-day hunting trip with extended family in Denali. They'll probably back late tonight. "Are you running patrol tonight?" I ask Jake as we walk hand in hand through the forest that we both know inside and out. I already know the answer, I'm just somehow hoping that I'm wrong. "Yeah," he sighs, disappointment evident in his voice. "Not tomorrow night, though." "Okay. It's a date." I say decidedly, kissing him on the cheek. "Was that an invitation or a request for one?" "Neither. It was a fact. I'm simply letting you know that you have a date tomorrow night." I informed him, pretending to be serious. "Oh yeah?" He plays along, "With who? Is she hot?" I stop walking and stand on my tiptoes in front of him. I pull him into a long, gentle kiss, and as we pull apart I say, "Eh, I guess she's alright." I skip ahead, hearing him chuckle behind me. The big house comes into view soon enough, but the sun's already down when we walk up the drive. The garage door is open and we walk through, just before a light drizzle starts in the dusk behind us. "We're home!" I call out an unnecessary volume as we enter the expansive dining room and kitchen. "Hi sweetheart," Esme flutters into the kitchen, her caramel hair tied up in a loose knot. She's wearing what I quickly recognize as Rosalie's jeans, which they frequently share. Jeans are among the few clothing items Alice lets us wear more than once. Esme quickly embraces Jake, and then me, asking, "What have you guys been up to?" Jake and I look at each other sharply. "Oh, you know," I say quickly "just hanging." There was no way I'm telling my grandmother that we spent all day causally making out. Esme smiles and opens her mouth to continue but Emmett- followed by Jasper-bursts into the room, interrupting her. Suspicion and amusement are thick in his tone. "You two were 'just hanging' out in the woods, for four hours?" I nod, adding in small voice, "We also went hunting." His booming laugh fills the house. "Sounds innocent enough, right Jazz?" he grins wider, nudging Jasper with his elbow. "But I think our baby niece had a little more fun this afternoon than Eddie would approve of." Blood rushes to my cheeks, causing Emmett and Jasper to chuckle. Alice comes to save me, dancing into the kitchen; a vase of yellow roses in her hand. She smacks Emmett in the back of the head as she places her vase on the counter. "Oh, leave them alone." "She knows I'm just teasing," Emmett grins, winking at me. "but Edward won't be." He finishes, ignoring my glare. I lace my fingers through Jacob's, towing him behind me as I walk into the living room. I collapse onto the couch, suddenly exhausted. The pain in my temples is strong now, and I close my eyes, resting my head on Jake's shoulder as he talks and argues with Emmett about whatever football game is on. At some point I must have dozed off, because now Jake is gently pulling hair from my face, saying that he's got to go run patrol, and he'll be back in the morning. I nod, only half awake, and he pecks me on the lips before leaving. I sit up once the front door closes to be greeted by a steady throbbing in my head. I look around: Jasper and Alice sit to my left, watching whatever's on TV. Esme sits in the loveseat across the room, reading a magazine. I pull my phone out of my back pocket and press the home button. Nine thirty-five. "I'm going to take a shower and going to bed," I announce, standing. I stood too fast and the room spins around me, my vision partially covered by black spots. I rub my eyes with my hands, fighting off dizziness. "You okay there, Ness?" Alice inquires, having witnessed my unusual episode. "Yeah, fine." I lie. My head is killing me. I move up the stairs at an inhumanly fast pace, feeling bizarrely winded by the time I reach the top. I shower quickly, trying to fade out the pain in my head. I climb into my bed, in my Dad's old room, knowing he and Mom will probably be home late and take me home. "Goodnight," I say at only a slightly higher volume than talking regularly. Several 'goodnights' are called from downstairs in response. I send a goodnight text to Jake, not expecting a response until morning. He always crashes right after patrol, and he sleeps like the dead. My last thought before I fall asleep is hoping that my migraine is gone by morning. I open my eyes to a light grey ceiling, still in my Dad's old room. My parents must not be home yet. It's only six A.M. I sit up and stretch. Shit. Still got that headache. My arms feel almost sore as I pull them above my head. I feel off. I'm a little cold when I pull the covers off, feeling like a winter chill has seeped into my bones. My whole body aches as I pull myself out of bed. I check my phone. One text from Mom, saying they'll be home around eight. I shower quickly with very hot water, trying to warm my skin and loosen up my muscles. The second I turn the silver handle to the off position, I'm freezing. I can hear blood pounding in my head. And I hurt. Every movement makes my muscles ache. My whole body just hurts . What is wrong with me? Is this what being sick feels like? No, I don't get sick. I'm a freaking vampire. I'm fully matured, but I've only been alive for eight years, and I've never felt less than perfect until now. Immortal beings do not get flus. They just don't. I don't bother drying or even brushing my long, curly hair. I just pull the tangled bronze tendrils to the top of my head and tie them into a messy bun. Shivering, I pull on black leggings and a long-sleeved black thermal t-shirt. Still cold, I tug on sweats over the leggings and a hoodie over the t-shirt. Skin freezing and muscles aching, I drag myself down the first flight of stairs. I glance at the wall clock on the way down. Seven A.M. Jesus Christ I'm moving slowly. Getting dressed alone must have taken half an hour. I'm actually tempted to pause for a rest on the second floor, but push on to the next stairway. I'm being stupid, right? There's no reason that walking down the stairs should make me feel as shitty as I do. I reach the bottom of the stairs, where Jasper is suddenly standing in front of me. "Morning Ness. It took you ages to get down here," He half smiles, but it disappears as he studies my face. "You feeling okay, darlin'? You look exhausted." "Yeah, just tired." He doesn't seem to believe me, and he reaches up to the stair I'm on and presses his hand to my forehead. He frowns. "Rose," he calls over his shoulder to Rosalie, who I could see walking in the hallway. She turns immediately into the kitchen, dashing over to us. My head is still pounding and I want nothing more than to go lay on the couch, but I stand still. "Rose," he says again, "feel her skin." My aunt, who is more like a second mother, follows Jasper's words immediately, placing a cool hand on my cheek. She her beautiful features twist into a worried frown.. "Oh baby, you're burning up! You don't look so good." I'm about to answer when I feel another set of hands on my cheeks. "Ness, sweetheart, you're so hot. Are you feeling okay?" Esme asks as Jasper backs up to let her in. By now Alice has appeared beside Jasper, worry staining her features. Emmett stands behind Rose, looking confused. Great. Thanks, Jazz. "I feel fine, can I please just go lie down? I'm really tired." "Sure, sweetheart, come on." Esme guides me to the couch, and by the time we get there Rosalie has produced a thermometer. Ugh, why? I feel so unbelievably shitty and irritated, but I let them stick the thing in my mouth. While we're waiting for the stupid thing to beep, the front door suddenly opens, and Jacob bounds in. "Morning. When are Bella and Ed—" he stops, taking in the tension in the room. "What happened?" He sees the people hovering around me and the thermometer in my mouth and he races to me. "What's wrong?" he demands, urgently. I would have told him, but the freaking thing is in my mouth. No one answers him because the thermometer beeps, and Esme pulls it out of my mouth. She says nothing, but looks mildly horrified. How soothing. She shows Rose, who says, "Should I call Carlisle?" "What?" Jacob demands again, this time simultaneously with Alice, and Esme tilts the thermometer for my family to see. Mom and Dad burst through the front door suddenly, knowing something's wrong. Well, at least Dad does. "What's