Chapter One- Jacob The sky was a brilliant white that ignored the sunrise completely. My patrol shift ended at dawn, so I watched the night sky transform from dark grey to a lighter shade of grey, and now to white. After running home to shower and let my dad know I was alive, I headed to the Cullens. What I probably should've done was get some sleep, but Renesmee would be waiting, and there was no way my mind could turn off without having seen her in twelve hours. I opened the Cullen house's front door, not bothering to knock. I don't even remember the last time I knocked. Seth didn't even knock anymore. "Hello, Jacob." Alice flitted past me, a vase of tall flowers in her hands. "Hey," I nodded to her. "Is Ness—" "I'm here," Nessie poked her head down the corner, at the top of the staircase. "Just give me a sec," She flashed me a smile and then disappeared again. I wandered into the living room, where Jasper had his nose in a book and Emmett was playing Xbox. "Just a heads-up, Jake," Jasper muttered without looking up, "She doesn't really want to go today." I frowned. Nessie hasn't hunted in almost a week. She likes to go alone, but Edward had asked me to take her today. "Why not?" He shrugged. "I don't know; she'd never say anything though. She knows Edward wouldn't let her skip it again." This was true. Edward was adamant on Nessie hunting regularly, and she pretty much does what he asks her to. But I wouldn't—couldn't—make her go. I scratched the back of my head. "So, give her some space?" I half-guessed, and Jasper nodded. "Good luck." Emmett chuckled. "Are you hungry, Jacob?" Esme asked me, already headed into the kitchen. "Starving," I groaned, following her. My answer has never been no. She pulled a plate out of the oven and held it out to me. I took it, and I must've looked confused, because she smiled and said, "Seth has already been here for breakfast. Yours has been waiting for you since five this morning." I laughed. That wasn't surprising. For as much as I was tolerated in this household, Seth's presence was genuinely enjoyed. "Thanks, Esme." I dove into an omelet that took up the entire plate. "Ready?" Renesmee skipped into the kitchen, dressed like we were headed out into the Arctic tundra. I crunched a piece of bacon and stared at her, and she rolled her big brown eyes up at me. "It's cold outside, Jacob." "Not sub-zero temperature-cold, Nessie." She ignored me a wrapped a scarf around her neck. "Bye, Grandma," She kissed Esme's cheek and motioned for me to hurry up. I swallowed the last bite of egg and Esme took the plate out of my hands and opened the door for us. "Be careful, please." She kissed the side of Nessie's face on our way out. "We will," Ness promised, flashing her stunning smile again. It didn't really matter what she said; she could be telling you that she crashed your car, but if she smiled when she said it, you'd believe that everything was perfect. "Where're your parents?" I asked, as she gripped my arm to keep steady on the icy driveway. "Home," she shrugged. "I headed to the main house early; they stayed." She let go of me to tuck a curl behind her ear, and her next step resulted in both feet slipping from under her. She let out a little gasp, and I wrapped an arm around her waist and held her upright before she could land on the icy rock surface. "Thank you," she laughed, flushing pink. "Don't mention it." We crossed the long driveway and onto a pathway that would take us deep into the forest; a path we could both follow with our eyes closed. "It is way too cold for this," She complained, her voice muffled by the scarf wrapped tightly from her neck to her chin. Tugging her winter hat down so it covered her pink ears, I said, "It isn't that cold." Actually, it was pretty cold. Our warm breath was like clouds in the frigid air. "Fine," she grumbled, trudging through the snow. "Let's get this over with. Don't phase; I'm making this quick." After gathering her long curls into a mess on top of her head, I watched as she closed her eyes and inhaled deeply, waiting for a scent to hit her. When one did, Nessie was a blur of motion. She sprinted through the woods, weaving gracefully around the spruce trees as her leather boots crunch into the snow. Watching her was mesmerizing. All I could do was stare. Nessie has that effect on people. But I wasn't even staring because she was beautiful, like so many people do. I was staring because she moved like confidence was holding her bones together. She ran like her muscles were lined with gracefulness. Which is hilarious, considering she tripped twice on the walk out here. She's a Swan that gives the illusion of being a Cullen. I took my time making my way in her direction, and I stopped the second I spotted her bronze hair through the trees. Jasper usually knows what he's talking about. Coming up to a herd of deer, she sank slowly into a crouch. As she edged closer, a branch cracked above her and fell to the forest floor. The deer scattered, and she caught nothing. She cursed loudly and I suppressed a laugh. There was a fawn she could have caught, but Renesmee wouldn't do that. She once explained to me that there's something about killing a baby animal that her human side absolutely prohibits. That sounded a little ridiculous to me, but she gets confused enough about her conflicting genes without my input. It takes her eleven whole minutes to find another lone deer, eleven minutes that I spend counting squirrels in the nearby trees. She killed it first, and then lowered her deceptively sharp teeth to its neck, and that was about the time I turned my attention back to the squirrels. Not that what she does bothers me, but lately she's been a little self-conscious about it. When she finished, I heard her footsteps crunch towards me. I walked towards her, subtly searching her for evidence that she just killed a wild animal. As usual, I found none. Her light grey coat was spotless, along with her white scarf and hat. And when she flashed me a smile, I could see that her teeth, too, were as pristine as the snow falling around us. "That was fast," I commented. She nodded rapidly, "Yes, because I'm freezing ." I threw an arm around her casually, and she leaned into my warmth. God help me if Edward decided to pop out from behind a tree right about now. It wouldn't shock me. Since Nessie turned seven, he's been even more of an overprotective spazz. Rightfully so, because even I see her differently. I can feel the shift. I knew it would happen, but now that it's here, I don't want it as much as I thought I would. No, that isn't right. I do want it, but unless I was positive that Ness does too, then I wouldn't risk even trying. I can wait. I would wait for her for a century if she wanted me to. We don't need to rush anything. We walked slowly, not bothering to dodge the falling snowflakes. "Embry wanted me to tell you that he finished that book." I said. "It's about time! What did he think?" "I don't think he liked it." She stopped walking and looked at me like I'd just told her I'd killed a man. " What? How could anyone not like Salem's Lot ?" I shrugged. "He said it was the way Stephen King writes." "Brilliantly, you mean?" She asked in disbelief. " I liked it," I tried. "I bet it scared him." "It scared him so bad that he's pretending he didn't like it." I laughed and she nodded. We were silent for a while; the only sound was our feet packing the already-packed snow. "I know you're cold," she said eventually, teeth chattering. "Admit it." I shrugged, comfortable in my t-shirt and jeans. "I don't get cold. Theoretically, you shouldn't get cold, either." "How do you figure that?" "Your body almost the same temperature as mine." She shook her head. "Four degrees makes a big difference." "Apparently," I smirked, and she suddenly ducked out of my embrace and picked up a handful of snow. Before I had time to react, she reached up and smashed it on top of my head. The ice melted almost immediately, soaking my hair. "Cold yet?" she laughed, her pink nose scrunching up. I shook my head and grinned, she was in for it now. I reached down and scooped up my own handful of snow, and she scrambled to beat me to it. Soon we were pelting each other as quickly as our hands could pack the snow together, which was pretty difficult; it started to melt once it made contact with our skin. She was laughing even harder than I was and her fingers were pale from the cold and her hair was wet, but she didn't complain. After the next one she launched at me, she began to back away, using trees as her cover as she went. When my snowball hit a tree she was hiding behind, I yelled, "That's cheating!" "I'm playing to my strengths!" she yelled back, over her shoulder. Soon we were running through the forest, pelting each other with misshapen lumps of ice. In ten minutes, we were farther away from home, and Renesmee was soaking wet and laughing so hard that I thought she may hyperventilate. She didn't notice a thick tree branch behind her, so when she backed up to escape my next assault, she ended up on her butt in the snow. "Ness!" I ran to her, my laughter fading immediately, but she was fine, and when I reached down the help her up, she yanked me down with her. We lay there together in the snow, trying to catch our breath from running and laughter. I looked over at her, while her eyes were fixed on the white sky above us. The apples of her cheeks were bright pink from the cold, along with the tip of her nose. Her eyes had taken on a golden honey tint in the middle, but they deepened back into chocolate brown around the edges; it happens after she's just hunted. Snow began to fall lightly, and I watched the snowflakes collect in her hair and eyelashes. I was thinking that she had to really be freezing now, but she didn't shiver. "You know—" she turned to look at me but cut herself off, seeing that I was already staring. We were suddenly very close, and the powdery snow began to fall more steadily. We'd have to dig ourselves out if we didn't get up now, but neither of us moved a muscle. She drew in a little closer, and I leaned in an inch; our noses just barely brushed. I could hear the sudden rise of her heartbeat, and I was sure she could hear mine. I wanted to kiss her. I wanted to kiss her more than I've ever wanted anything in my life. But I didn't, because if I did and that wasn't what she wanted, I'd ruin everything and never forgive myself. I've done a lot of stupid things in my life, but I would not let myself mess this up. I waited for her to pull away, or for something like an animal of a cell phone to ruin the moment, but nothing happened. I felt a rush of nervous energy pass through her, and then her lips were on mine. My world momentarily