AN: This is my first fanfiction, but it's not too bad for a first-timer, if I do say so myself. But I am always open to critique! My first chapter switches POV quite a bit, but after this they'll only switch probably once a chapter. Anyways, I hope you enjoy! Please read and review! Oh! And this world and these characters (most of them anyways) belong to Suzanne Collins:) Gale When I wake up all I can do is hope it was all a dream, but in my life nothing is ever that easy. It happened, she's gone. Katniss has gone into the Hunger Games. I wanted so badly to volunteer, but I could never do that. It's just not an option. Who would take care of my family? Of our families? I have to stay for them. Now I have to bring in twice as much game as usual to make up for Katniss. It might be- will be- hard, but I can do it. I have to do it. For them. Ugh. This sucks. Madge I'm drifting between the wonderful world of dreaming and my awful reality. I wish I could stay in blissful unawares, and not have to worry about things like the Hunger Games, and how my only friend has been sent into them. God, my only hope is that the pin will help her. A knock on my door breaks through my dream world. I look at the clock 10:47 a.m. Well, it's not like I can stay in bed forever – "Coming!" Gale I got a good load from my snares, enough for a couple days at least. I'm on my way back to the fence when I see the strawberries. Might as well, I don't much feel like seeing Undersee, but I need the money. Even money from District 12's snob princess is better than no money. And it's almost funny how excited she gets over the little red fruit. I stop at the Hob first. I keep my head down, but I still see a few sympathetic glances in my direction. I don't want to see that look, it just makes it all the more real that Katniss is gone. I push through the crowd to Ricky's booth. Ricky buys animal pelts from me. He uses them to make things like jackets, gloves, blankets, bags, etc. Now, Rick is a big guy, like huge. He's about a half a foot taller than me, twice my width, with huge bulking muscles, bald, lots of scars, and a crooked nose that you just know has been broken many times. And honestly if I didn't know he was such a softie, I'd be quite frightened to be in even a ten-foot radius of him. Don't get me wrong, I once saw him pummel a man (that I'm not even sure I could take) to the ground in six seconds flat. But I've also seen him patch up a little girls injured knees after she fell on the gravel, and clear an entire crowd to help an old man get through on his wheelchair. Rick's a great guy, and a great friend as long as you're on his good side. "Hey Rick." "Hey kid, watcha got for me today?" "A coyote, three rabbits, and three squirrels." I take the hides and lay them carefully on the counter. He's very touchy about his pelts being treated with care. "Nice. Bet Sae's gonna be real happy with that" "She always is when I bring her a coyote" "That she is, and you best keep supplyin her with good meat. We don't want that rat concoction ever again" "Ha, but you have to admit it wasn't that bad" "True. I don't know how she does it." He hands me my money. "Probably has something to do with her putting in lots of seasoning. And the fact that Ripper got us drunk before we tried it" Rick laughs, and I join him. It feels good to laugh. "Gale Hawthorne!" Sae yells. "Did I just hear you and Ricky talking bad about my cooking?" "Oh, never in a million years would I have anything bad to say about your cooking Sae. Ricky and I were just saying how amazingly talented and beautiful you are." I say, giving her my most charming grin. Sae chuckles. "Oh I'm so sure. Well, in that case, you boys come over for a bowl." It seems like she's always offering me food, "Thanks Sae, but I still have another sale to make after you." "Well why should I buy from you if you wont even try the product? Come on hun it'll take just a few minutes and you can be on your way." "Alright." Rick closes his booth, and we head over to Sae. I can never say no to her. She hands us each a bowl. I take a spoonful. Delicious. Madge "Morning Viv," I say to our maid as I walk into the kitchen. "Good morning Madge. Your breakfast is on the table, or well brunch I suppose." She gestures toward a small wooden table against the wall of the kitchen. I always eat in here. I hate sitting in that giant dining room, at a giant table, alone . In here I at least have Viv to keep me company. "Thank you Viv, but you know I would have gotten it myself." I don't like Vivian doing so much work when I'm perfectly capable. Viv is getting older; her hair once a rich dark brown, is now almost completely gray; she has crows feet wrinkles by her eyes; she's very short even shorter than me (which by the way is pretty hard to do, unless you are under the age of twelve) and seems to be shrinking a little every year, but despite her age she hasn't slowed down a bit. "I know dear, and thank you but this is my job. I love taking care of you. Though, since you're so eager to help, why don't you help me with the dishes when you finish up?" "Of course!" I always enjoy helping Vivian. She's practically raised me since my mom got too sick to spend more than a couple hours with me a day, which was around the time I turned nine. And my dad isn't around much seeing as he's the mayor, which is obviously much more important than his family. He's a wonderful man, and he's a great mayor, but the sicker my mom gets the more he wants to stay away from home. He hates seeing her like that. And so do I, but you don't see me hiding away in my office, ignoring the fact that my wife is getting closer to death every day, and basically abandoning my only daughter. Okay, yeah. So, I may be a little bitter over the whole parent situation. But I'm not so stupid as to not realize how well off I am, my parents love me, and have given me everything I could possibly need material wise. It just gets kind of lonely sometimes, especially when Viv goes back home, to her real family, in the Seam. The fact that this house is so huge makes it glaringly obvious how empty it is. After eating breakfast and washing dishes with Viv, I decide to go into town. We need a couple things, and I could really use a walk. Walking through town is great; the cute little shops, the vendors in the streets, and the wonderful smells coming from the bakery. The bakery . Peeta. Oh god, Katniss. I don't know how I've managed to keep my mind off it thus far. I mean, it has been nibbling at the back of my head all day, but now it's pushed its way front and center. Katniss is gone. Maybe I shouldn't have come into town today. I hurriedly pick up all the things we needed, avoiding conversation as much as possible. On my way home I decide to stop by Martha's shop, I'm in desperate need of new music. Martha and her husband Chuck own this small music shop, and from about age seven to thirteen I got piano lessons from Martha in their apartment up above it. Now, at seventeen, I usually just stop by to catch up, or to buy sheet music. I walk into the shop, the ringing of a bell announcing my presence. Chuck looks up from organizing a shelf of guitar accessories, "Hello Madge! It's nice to see you. Martha! Come on downstairs, Madge is here!" He looks back over at me, "And for what reason have you decided to grace us with your presence today?" "Madge is here?! Come on Lu lets go say hi to Madge." I hear feet pounding down the stairs. Lu is Martha and Chuck's six year old daughter. She is one of the sweetest cutest little girls ever. I give a soft laugh. "Just looking for a new piece. I've seemed to have run out of new material." "Madgie!" I see a blur of blonde and pink, and then a small child has launched herself into my arms. Thankfully, I've already set my groceries safely beside me, so they managed to avoid getting crushed. "Lucy!" I swing her around, laughing. It feels good to laugh. I slow down, and leave Lucy resting on my hip. "Hello Madge, are you going to stay for lunch? We're having chili." "As much as I love your chili Martha, I need to get these," I gesture to the groceries lying beside me, "to Vivian. I promised to help make lunch today. But before I go do you have any new pieces for me?" "Actually," Martha makes her way into the back of the shop,"this new piece came in the other day, and I just knew you'd enjoy it." I hear papers shuffling in the back. "Where is it? Where is it? Ah here we go!" She comes back into the shop, and brings it over to me. I look at it while Lu plays with my hair. Wow. "Wow, Martha, this is.. this is beautiful." I reach into my pocket to get some money. I go to hand it to her. "Oh no dear, you put that money back right now. I can't make you pay for something that I swear was created just for you. By the way, how has your composing been coming along?" I reluctantly put the money back in my pocket, there's no point in arguing with Martha. "Well, it hasn't really been going much at all lately. I've just been really busy, and every time I sit down to write I can't seem to find any inspiration." "It will come eventually Madge, and when it does it'll be flowing out of you like there's no tomorrow." "Ha, okay Martha. Well, I best be going. Thanks so much for the piece. I'll see you guys later." I hand Lu over to Chuck and grab my groceries. There's a chorus of "Bye Madge!"'s as I make my way out. "Bye Lu! Bye guys." I start on home. Maybe today won't be so bad after all. Gale The mayor's house is huge. It's three stories high, has pillars on the front porch, and a nice small shaded back porch. They have a garden, one my mom would've loved to have. It's beautiful. I hate it. I walk up the back porch steps and raise my hand to knock, but then I hear something. It's wonderful. I pull back and listen. That must be Madge playing the piano. Katniss once mentioned that Madge plays, but I've never heard her before. It really is great, but of course it is I'm sure she's had her very own private lessons since she was a kid. Probably even from some bigwig capital professional. I huff and roll my eyes, only the mayor's daughter could afford something like that. I raise my fist and knock. I