Dark Hair, Green Eyes Summary: In which Annabeth is a fangirl, just like you and me, who loves to watch anime, until she started having problems with dark haired, green-eyed characters, because they all remind her of Percy Jackson. Also in which Percy saves her from a burning building and they bond through fandoms. A/N: Beware of the multitude of anime refs. Hi to the Snk/Aot and Naruto fandoms! I Note: I haven't watched Hyouka, Chuunibyou and 07 Ghost yet. The rest of the animes that were mentioned yeah, I have watched. … For all the fangirls and fanboys out there. … The First Encounter. I was peacefully watching an anime on my laptop that faithful weekend when I first had an encounter with Percy Jackson. I've gone through a thick pile of paper work for school, and I thought I deserved to splurge on several episodes until school resumes on Monday. And just when I was so into the intensity of it all, the sounds, the settings, the characters and freaking heart-stopping plot twists, the Fire Nation attacks. And by Fire Nation I mean the fire alarm. Apparently, it'd been blaring on for so long, and the fire's already eaten a huge chunk of our house, and my entire family had already gotten out, and I couldn't hear or even notice it all because my earphones had been doing their job splendidly. I was also too caught up in wanting to know what happens next. I only noticed when hideous black smoke like giant snakes creeped into my room. Panic bubbled like a bad brew of acids in my chest, speeding up my heart and constricting my airways. I couldn't tell where all the smoke is coming from. When I opened the door, my heart almost stopped. It was like I was in hell – almost everything outside was burning, and the fire was close to ravaging my doorway, and then my room. The air was rippling from the heat, and I had to avert my eyes because the smoke stung. I was pretty sure I'd be dead in a few seconds. Until I saw the dark hair and green eyes. It was hard to see in the blur of black, red, orange and yellow that was smoke and fire. But like some sort of fireproof god, he waded through it. Okay, I know that's impossible. Maybe he just walked where the fire hasn't eaten the floor yet, and my oxygen level was critical. But that's not important. What was important is how he seemingly waded through the flames, his green eyes clear, a solid contrast against the hot colors. "She's in here!" he yelled and walked closer. When he got near enough to touch my shoulder, I fainted. I don't know if it was because he was so godlike or whether the lack of oxygen was getting to me. Again, that doesn't matter. What matters is how his voice sounded as he desperately asked me if I were okay, and whether I could hear him. And that's all that reeled in my head until my eyes fluttered open again, only to meet a sterile white ceiling and fluorescent white lights. I was surrounded by my family, my stepmother, my father and my younger brothers. I was strapped with nubbins against my nose. We were in the hospital. Thankfully they managed to put the fire out before it caused further damage. Most importantly, it spared my room, where all my important things are, which are namely my school papers, my fiction books and my laptop that contains all my anime. Yes, I have my priorities straight. And ever since, I couldn't get those dark hair and green eyes off my mind. Hey, can you blame me? I nearly died! So naturally, these things make an imprint. So there. Percy Jackson. This is the part where I tell you that I'm not one of the unfairly pretty and popular girls of Goode High, and that I'm just a humble nerd with my humble but smart group of friends who also enjoy wearing jeans and t-shirts every day and reading books and getting A's instead of getting drunk at parties blah blah blah . I mean, can my existence get anymore cliché? The only non-cliché thing about me is my hair, because I'm blond, and I have the highest GPA among sophomores. So two points to my hair for breaking the monotony that is the cliché life of me, Annabeth Chase. So it's safe to say that I know nothing about Percy Jackson, except for the following: a.) his name, b.) that he's a jock, a competitive swimmer, to be exact and that c.) he's waaay out of our social league. I was just assembling my papers in my locker that Monday after the fire, when he decided to attack me from the back with an adorable 'Hey.' I jolted and the papers came flying like giant chunks of confetti. "Oops, I'm sorry; I didn't mean to startle you," he said, as he bent down and started to help me. It was only when I met his eyes and his everything else that I realized it was Percy Jackson. He was wearing faded jeans, worn out shoes, and a grey shirt under the school swim team jacket. His hair was disheveled, as usual. It was the first time I've ever gotten so close to him, so it was the first time I noticed his eyes. They were the exact same ones as the godly hero's, the one who save me from the burning house. "Percy?" I muttered sheepishly, then blinked several times, unaware of where to look, "uhmm, thanks." "Sure thing, Annabeth," he gave me a smile as he helped me up. He must've sense the confused look I had, because he started to say, "Oh, you must not remember much from the incident. You were pretty disoriented." "I.. I remember now," I said, feeling timid against his stature . Keep calm, Annabeth. He's just a dude you can do without; a most likely douchey dude who is a proven futureless delinquent who wouldn't give you the time of day and is trouble anyway. He's just talking to you! Act normal. Act like you don't care. Act like boys talk to you all the time! I tried to make my brain shut up by focusing on putting my papers in a plastic envelop. "Yeah, I came to get you. We were calling out to you, but you couldn't hear us," he explained. I tried not to meet his eyes, which was easy given I had a lot of things to tinker with in my locker. His blinking and his lashes were killing me. "What were you doing in there?" he asked. His smirk and the way one of his eyebrows was raised made me blush. I looked away. Shit , no way was I going to admitting to him that it was because I was too caught up in an anime! That would be stupid. It was stupid. I was stupid. My mind reeled with a bunch of covers to save face. "I fell asleep," I muttered, and immediately inwardly cursed myself. That's the best you could think of, Chase? Percy just chuckled. "You might've been too tired from studying." Partly true , I thought. But my rest was not sleep, it was anime. Suddenly, there was this awful awkward silence that settled in the air. It became more prominent when his eyes started wandering and he started to fiddle with his fingers. Say something quick, Chase! Don't make him go away just yet! That moment I wondered if my inner thoughts had an off switch. "So, I uhmm, I should probably thank you," I muttered, gathering the courage to meet his eyes. He immediately brightened up. "No problem!" he replied in a flash. "I am wondering what you were doing though, in a situation like that." "I'm a volunteer fire fighter!" he said brightly, and I could sense how proud he was of that. I've never seen him like this. Well, I've never seen him all that much, to be exact. This conversation is the longest I've seen of him, longer than the total of the times I've seen him in the past. Which is total proof off how off this is, and why you should never tread this path, Chase . Shut up, brain. I raised an eyebrow in response. "That means you're not supposed to be the one charging into a person's burning house to rescue somebody. I'm pretty sure you're supposed to leave to the well-trained, senior firefighters." This time, he was the one that I made blush. Two points for Chase! I let my brain relish that one. "I know," he began to scratch the back of his head, "but I'm a bad-ass." He smiled at me, and it made me want to melt into a puddle of unicorn tears. "So I've heard," I replied. Smooth, Chase. Smooth . "I just knew that that was where you lived," he began, "and I just had to-" The bell rang. Since it was on the wall immediately next to us, so it was excruciatingly loud. My body jerked in surprise. He said his casual, cool guy goodbye, waved, and headed to his class. All the while I stood there thinking: What? What was it? What was it that you had to? What was it that you had to do, Percy Jackson? Stupid bell . I headed back to class knowing that I might never know the answers, because I might never talk to Percy Jackson again. Eren Jaeger Ever heard of the anime Shingeki no Kyojin , or as known in English, Attack on Titan? I'd tell you about how much of a masterpiece it is, but that'd be too much work. I can tell you this: it's addicting. You're hooked from episode one , because it's no longer shy from those rattling, WTF plot devices. It just grips your heart and squeezes out the blood making a shower of red like cherry blossoms. And it's only episode one ! But what really drew my attention, or more like, who really drew my attention, was Eren Jaeger, the protagonist. He's a freakin' idiot. And I love him for it. Of course, he's the type of character to be weak, to want to get stronger, to want to handle to fate of the world on his shoulders, to want to avenge and fight for the people he loves, and to have dreams that are close to impossible. Typical shounen anime protagonist. But that's not the problem. The problem is that he reminds me so much of Percy. He could easily be the anime version of Percy, albeit more intense. A lot more intense, since Percy comes off as more chill and laid back and Eren is all RAAAAGGGEE! But you get the point. Every time I see Eren's dark hair and green eyes, I can't help but think of another pair of green eyes and dark hair that I know of, that I've seen up close and personal. Every time Eren was on the screen, Percy Jackson's image thrummed at the back of my mind. And Eren Jaeger, with all his shounen-anime-protagonist glory, was on the screen a lot . So I thought of Percy. A lot . He saved my life, okay? And Eren is the hero type of character, too. So sue me. I thought about completely dropping the anime altogether, just because I don't want Percy haunting my thoughts, for obvious and cliché high school caste system reasons. But Attack on Titan is just too good for you to drop. Whenever an episode comes to an end, it taunts you, seduces you. My inner self is not too cooperative either, screaming More! More! I know you want more! all the time. So my inner self does not want me to get caught up with Percy Jackson,