Title: What We Only Dreamed about Summary: Percy heads back to Manhattan, only to find his home inhabited by someone else, and that his family had already moved out. When he finally found the new residency, where his Mom, Paul, and the newest addition to the family had awaited him, he felt like a stranger.. A/N: My take on Percy's return. Percy Jackson envisioned his homecoming a dozen times on his way home, as he watched the city zip by before him. It made his heart swell with anticipation he hadn't allowed himself to fully feel for the longest time. As the second hand of his watch ticked his longing only grew, building up inside him like a volcano about to erupt. He hadn't expected a surly old man to answer the door when he rang the bell. His heartbeats drowned out the obnoxious noise of the busy city, and it escalated as he heard the footsteps approaching the door, it nearly deafened him when the door began to swing open. But all at once, the build-up died down and left his system feeling hollow. He had expected his mother to answer the door. He had expected the world to light up at the sight of her, melting all his pain and anxiety and worry away. He had expected to feel the same fuzzy feeling in his stomach he would have since he was kid, whenever he'd experience the comfort of his mother's hugs and kisses, the promise of their protection. He would remember how his mother promised to chase away the monsters under his bed, and he'd believe her, knowing that he was always safe with her. But now things had changed, he was the one chasing monsters to protect her, and pretty much everyone else on the planet. Go figure , he thought, thinking about all the things that had changed the past few years. One of them happened to be the fact that he doesn't live in this old apartment anymore, in this narrow Manhattan street. The old man, still dressed in a black bathrobe that went over his wife beater (which exposed a generous amount of chest hair that made Percy flinch) and pajamas, was not so patient with explaining to Percy that this was his place now. He huffed, and with a husky voice he explained, "I don't even have an idea who lived here before I did, much less have a clue where they are." I used to live here , Percy thought, dejected, feeling as if he has been kicked on the heart. He felt his pocket for a drachma, contemplating on just Iris messaging his mother. But his original plan of surprising them held him back, and he decided to just ask the old man of the landlady's number. She'd know where Mom and Paul are , he thought. … It had taken Percy another long trip around the city to find the address he had hastily written on a tissue paper. Though it was pricey, he thought getting a cab would be much easier. The cab dropped him off in a part of the city that was just so alien to him. The streets were lined with houses, each almost looking like they could house the stereotypical all-American family. They weren't grand or anything, but it was still different from anything Percy had ever known all his life. He walked along the long path that bisected their lawn, whilst thinking about how they actually have an actual lawn. The front porch seemed like the set of a lifetime movie about this family patterned to what every American family was seemingly like. Not that Percy would know what that was like, given his godly lineage. Too anxious to be nervous, he pressed the doorbell. Percy was shocked to hear a baby's shrill cry pierce the air. He looked around; trying to discern where it could've come from, but the best possible source was inside the house. Could he have gotten the wrong address? When Paul Blofis answered the door, his doubts dissipated like mist. Percy would have loved to have captured the look on his face - his eyes, which were framed by shadows, were wide and bulging, his eyebrows were raised comically. His disheveled hair, his wild almost-beard stubble added to the stressed effect. Percy never remembered him being that stressed from work.. With his shaky hands on the knob, Paul shouted for Sally. And soon a woman appeared from behind him, her dark hair, now strewn with grey ones, was an even wilder set of tangles. Her eyes were also framed by shadows and lined by wrinkles, emphasizing her age. Her body looked heavy and tired underneath her long pink robe. And in her arms she carried a bean-shaped little thing, ridiculously wrapped in a blanket. Percy only realized upon closer inspection, that it was a baby, no older than a few weeks. Their eyes were all starting to fill with tears as they just stood there, in complete shock. The baby burst into crying fits again, as if cuing that they could do it with it, too. "Mom," Percy said shakily, his voice breaking, "I'm back." Sally nodded, the tears finally streaming in her eyes. Paul put his arm on her shoulders, and began to pick-up the baby, allowing her to wrap her hands around Percy, like she had always dreamed about the past few months. She buried her head on his shoulder, noticing for the first how much taller he had grown, how much his body had hardened with muscle. But he wrapped his strong arms around her ever so gently, the complete antithesis of what he would do to monsters. Tears streamed down his eyes, and that happiness that filled his chest – it was indescribable. … The bliss Percy had felt died down the moment he stepped inside the house, which was now apparently his , along with his Mom, Paul and his brand new mortal sibling. In his mother's arms, it had been home. But the house? Nice and picturesque as it was, his memories weren't here. This wasn't where he'd grown up. The pieces that lined the walls were unfamiliar to him, the staircase that immediately met him was to grand to fit that of a Manhattan apartment complex. They had to walk further to reach the living room, which looked like it came from a dream, or another one of those lifetime movies. It was too perfect. It was bigger than their old living room, and the windows were so big they wouldn't need to turn on any lights. At the center of the wall were insanely elegant glass-double doors which lead to a lawn with a swing set only lucky, privileged kids would ever grow up with, kids with lives Percy had never known. There was even a legitimate fireplace with the homiest, comfiest looking chairs nearby. The top of the fireplace was adorned with pictures, which made Percy feel more of a stranger in the place. It was filled with pictures of the baby in little frames. He was alone in a few shots, sometimes with Paul, sometimes with Sally, sometimes all three of them were in. A dark feeling brewed in Percy gut – it was as if they had formed a new little family while he was gone, a perfect one in a perfect house, without the threat of monsters or gods. He noticed the pictures of him through different stages of his life, but he looked almost like a stranger now that they weren't framed shabbily like they used to be in the old apartment. Somehow, the new elegant little frames that matched the entire house's motif had all the effect to make him feel alienated. And somehow, his pictures could never be as picture perfect as the ones with his new brother. It was as if his pictures ruined the whole image. It was always just him and his mother, haunted by the stigma of single-parenthood. There were still traces of their poverty in some pictures. He didn't exactly have that backyard and those toys growing up. They were poor, living by whatever Sally could make with her odd jobs. Now, that definitely wasn't the case anymore. Paul had a stable job; Sally had sold books that made her a great sum. And his brother, he would live that dream, privileged American kid life. One that was so much more picturesque than his. But Percy tried to swallow this sudden jolt of sadness. I'm home now, he thought, and there's nothing better at the moment. He hid his feelings with his usual smile. … By dinner, he had a hard time hiding. His tiredness and weariness would seep through, and he'd hoped his parents would just interpret it as post-war stress. After all, it wasn't just any war he had gone through. But Sally, watching intently as Percy just played with his peas with his fork, new better. "Percy," she said, pushing aside her empty plate, "come with me." She led him up the carpeted set of stairs, and into a room nearby. It wasn't anything special, but compared to Percy's old room, it was definitely a lot more spacious. The closet was empty and so were the shelves and the desk, and the bed was covered so plainly. The room was filled with boxes piled so dangerously high. Percy came to realize that this would be his room. "I never did want to sort this room myself," Sally said almost wearily as she sat on the bed, "I wanted to do it with you, so you'd know where things actually went." She chuckled, and beckoned Percy to sit by her. "I also didn't want to touch your stuff," she brought the nearest box to her lap, "I'm afraid I would just break down crying every time I looked at them." Percy's heart sank as he watched his mother opening the box filled with his clothes. She brought out his favorite hoodie, then his shirts. It was cue that they would be unpacking his stuff, and Sally had a look on her face that seemed to say finally . Percy's heart constricted. He thought about the long times she had waited for him, afraid to touch his things and the memories they brought. He thought about the long months she was constantly haunted by worry and fear, the uncertainty of whether he was still alive. He knew it wasn't exactly his fault, but he blamed himself all the same for what he made his mother go through. He held her hand, stopping her from folding his clothes. "Mom," he said hoarsely, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry I made you worry." Sally smiled, though tears threatened her eyes again. "What matters is you came back at all. You came back home." Percy frowned. He knew he shouldn't be complaining after all his ordeals. But it seemed too small a favor for him to be returned back home, where he imagined it would be. Where he doesn't seem like stranger, where there were actual traces of him everywhere – dirty clothes, rock records, band posters. Sally, sensing his tension, put an arm around him. His gut cried out, sensing that he would be made to talk, as the look his mother was giving him would always make him feel. Fess up, she would say with her eyes. "All new to you, isn't it?" she said. Percy nodded, "this stuff only existed in those cheesy family dramas when I was a kid." Sally gave a faint smile. "Growing up, we would always fuss about the rent and the bills, and never really had much left after we've paid for them. Our living room and kitchen was the size of the living room here ," Percy said, "and there was a time it even used to smell like alcohol and moldy pizza. Cracks lined the walls, and when we'd open the windows,