Title: A Step You Can't Take Back Rating: NC17 Prompt: #90 Bella feels bad that her father is lonely endeavours to do something about it. If he won't sleep with any of the numerous women she throws his way, perhaps he'll sleep with her? Incest. No angst. No guilt. Submitted by Anonymous. Relevant Content Warnings: Incest between consenting adults that just happen to be father and daughter AN: This is my first fic posted on this site, and the first fanfic I've posted in like two years, so that is quite exciting. This is not beta'd, mostly due to its content and backlash I've received due to beta's personal opinion on what I write in the past. Hope that this is still readable. I took some creative license with this and left the identity of the father ambiguous since it wasn't specified in the prompt. So, choose whatever character you visualize (or just like the most.) This is probably the dirtiest thing I've ever written, and those who have read my stuff on know that I like to write some pretty kinky stuff. That being said, if this isn't your thing, don't read it. Close the tab/window and move on. No haters allowed! He was startled awake by a soft knock on his bedroom door. He squinted, waiting for his eyes to adjust to the muted light overhead as he stretched, adjusting his position until he was propped up against the headboard. He vaguely wondered for how long he had been asleep, the sitcom playing on the tv directly across from the bed different from when he'd nodded off, the canned laughter grating on his ears. He grunted, clearing his throat and took off his glasses to dry wash his face, wiping the sleep dust from his bleary eyes. "Come in," he called out gruffly, trying to wake himself up, even as a tired yawn slipped past his lips. The digital clock by his bed blinked, the neon numbers reading 12:40, and he sighed, tossing the book he had been reading before he had dozed off onto his bedside table. Belle, his daughter, poked her head around the door. "Hey, I saw your light on. Thought you might want some company." He chuffed, knowing that was her round about way of asking if she could join him. He supposed at twenty, things like snuggling and generally seeking out your parent was something you could no longer admit to. It was easier for her to act as if he was the one languishing without her presence. He patted the bed to his left, secretly glad that, for even a little while, his bed would be a little less empty. He still woke up some days expecting to see his wife curled up next to him, hogging the covers, but really, it was the quiet that got to him. It was why, on some level, he'd had a tv installed in his bedroom, the sound of incessant chatter, no matter how superficial, better than the silence. Belle stepped into the room, bouncing on the balls of her feet in the doorway, unable to hide the indecision written clearly in her expression when she caught sight of the bottle of Jameson on his nightstand. She hated the fact that since her mother's death her father always drank before bed, and while it was not as bad as it had been in the beginning—he'd graduated from drinking till he passed out to only having a glass or two—it still unnerved her. Her expression softened into a shy smile when she saw, not the moroseness drinking incited in him, but the tired and rumpled look of a man disturbed from his nap, his unruly hair flopping into his eyes as he tried to stifle a yawn. She pushed off the doorjamb, her bare feet silent on the carpeted floor as she made her way across the room. He couldn't help but take her in, his daughter, his sweet little girl, now a woman. She was her mother in a younger body, from the upsweep of her thick eyelashes to the natural pout of her pale pink lips, her grey green eyes and Roman nose his only contribution to her features. She wore tiny, black lace panties that clung to her rounded hips and a cropped football jersey hoodie in burgundy that left the soft, lightly toned expanse of her stomach bare. Her breasts, large upturned globes capped by fat, puffy nipples, strained against her top, the way they jostled beneath the material telling him in no uncertain terms that she wasn't wearing a bra. He forced his gaze away, knowing he shouldn't have been looking at her like that. It was inappropriate for a father to recognize his daughter as a sexual being in any shape or form, no matter how gorgeous that shape and form was. He couldn't quite pinpoint the moment his gaze had started to feel less like a proud father observing his daughter as she blossomed into womanhood, and more like a man noticing an attractive woman, but he suppressed it viciously each and every time. He'd found it easy, at first, to dismiss the impure thoughts that trickled into his mind on occasion, citing exhaustion or loneliness for his brief lapses. His only issue was that they were beginning to increase in frequency, and he wasn't sure how long it would continue before he had to actually confront his true feelings concerning his daughter. She got up onto the bed, choosing to crawl over his body to get to the other side rather than simply walking around the bed. His traitorous eyes darted down to catch a glimpse of her creamy, heart-shaped ass peeking out of the bottom of her underwear, the soft jiggle of her plump cheeks as she moved testing his resolve. Belle flopped onto her stomach next to him, cushioning her head on her arms as she looked over at him from beneath her lashes. She gazed at him, cataloging features both so similar and foreign to her own. Her father was an attractive man, perhaps not classically handsome in the way men on the front of magazines were, but still undeniably good looking. There was a confidence and maturity in the set of his features, and a subtle glint in his eyes that lent a certain amount of intrigue from those around him. It was in the way he talked though, his voice a low, smooth cadence, his tongue flowing with spun silver, and his lips curving into that trademark wolfish grin that really sealed the deal. He could feel her gaze on him, and it took everything in him to not squirm beneath it and, instead, kept his eyes trained on the tv. He flipped through the different channels, fingers unsteady and palms sweating lightly, trying to keep both his eyes and mind busy and away from his young, nubile daughter. Never before had he been so acutely aware of how little he was wearing, the lean, sinewy muscles of his upper half exposed to her gaze, and the sheet draped over his waist the only thing separating him from total nudity. His penchant for sleeping naked was no secret between them, and he wasn't sure if her knowing that he was naked underneath the thin layers of cotton made the situation better or worse. "Dad?" Belle questioned softly, drawing him out of his reverie. He grunted in response, eyes never straying away from the tv. He silently wished he hadn't downed that last glass of whiskey, his mind a little fuzzy and his inhibitions lower than he would have liked them to be in this particular situation. "Do you ever miss mum?" Her words were spoken with a certain amount of vulnerability that made him pause, finally allowing his gaze to flitter over to his daughter. There had been no prelude to her question, and it had thrown him slightly. It had been close to four years since his wife's stage four pancreatic cancer diagnosis, the disease too aggressive and far gone for them to do anything but cherish the months they'd had before her death. "Every day," he admitted without hesitation or shame. "Is that why you won't date?" she asked, once again throwing his mind into a tailspin. In the past year, Belle had been trying to push every available female in his direction with less than subtle hints about how he should go out more, but he had, up until this point, resisted all her attempts. He wasn't ready, wasn't sure that he ever would be, and until he found the strength or resolve or whatever it was that inspired widowers to move on, he was quite content to take care of himself when the need arose...no pun intended. He knew why Belle tried to nudge him to find a woman, not because she wanted to replace her mother—no one could ever do that—but because she couldn't stand to see him so lonely. He could admit that he was no longer floundering in his grief, his smiles coming a little easier, and the air that had once seemed trapped in his lungs able to spill out in soft breaths. On the downside though, it made him aware of the hole inside him that had been left in the wake of his wife's death. It gaped open, tender and aching to be filled, or at least patched up, but to start over, to open himself up to another person was a frightening concept. He knew nothing of how to act in the current dating world, a widowed, single father not quite as attractive as the title of swim team captain he'd held when he'd swept his high school sweetheart off her feet. They'd gone on to spend seventeen great years together, the unplanned pregnancy that had thrust them into parenthood half way through their first year of college only serving to bring them closer. He sighed, rubbing the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger, smoothing the light dents left behind from the nose pads of his glasses. "I will always miss your mother, Belle. It doesn't matter if I find someone else, there will always be a part of me that belongs to her. I don't date because I'm not ready to meet certain expectations that will inevitably be thrust upon me if I'm in a relationship," he informed her with a note of finality, not wanting to hash out his closely guarded insecurities. "Then pick up someone in a bar," she argued, clearly not ready to drop the subject. "At least have a night of fun." He snorted, thinking of himself, not as a suave Don Juan, but more of a bumbling idiot desperate and past his prime trying to pick up women. "As flattered as I am about your avid interest in my sex life, I am not at the point in my life where I will willingly subject myself to that," he answered dryly. "Fine, but don't come crying to me when you die of blue balls," she groused, propping herself up onto her elbow, the seriousness of her expression amusing to him. "The impossibility of that statement makes the probability of that happening below zero," he retorted. "Blah blah blah. I'm just trying to help." Warmth blossomed in his chest at her words, despite the pout she was making no attempt to hide. He leaned down, inhaling the scent of freshly cleaned skin mixed with something floral and spicy as he placed a kiss on her hair. "I know. Thank you." A smile tugged at the corner of Belle's lips, and she dug her teeth into the skin of her bottom lip, tugging at the loose skin there as a light blush rose in her cheeks. It was hard for her to describe the feelings her father provoked in her. Her body would become a tangle of rioting emotions that caused her stomach to tighten