Prompt: #46: Pleasure/Pain. E/B. Bella is tiny. Like, 5ft tall on a good day. Edward is at least 6'2. The height difference is a turn on for them both. She loves looking up at her big strong man. He loves protecting his little girl. Problem is, Bella's tiny everywhere. Edward has trouble fitting inside her. Maybe there are a few tears. It hurts so good. Title: Too Busy Being Yours (To Fall For Somebody New) Rating: NC17 Relevant Content Warnings: Just your run of the mill, size kink smut. AN: This was hell to write. It took six drafts and eight months to complete, but I did it! Just a reminder that if this isn't your thing, don't read it. Close the tab/window and move on. No haters allowed! So enjoy and drop me a line to tell me what you think. And FYI, Edward's name is weird for a reason. See endnotes for details on that. They were lying along the length of the couch, her splayed out on top of him, her head tucked beneath his chin as her thighs strained to reach around his torso. A soft, low yawn escaped her, and her eyes drifted shut, the fight to stay awake weakening the deeper she sank against him. The warm familiarity of his presence soothed the frayed edges of her nerves after what had been a long and difficult week. Curling up on top of Addie, the lights low, bathing the room in a soft, warm glow, was just what Bee needed to ease the headache that had been lingering at the forefront of her brain. His large hands cupped her waist gently, the feel of his thick, calloused fingers against her bare skin beneath the plaid shirt she'd stolen from his closet making an involuntary shiver wrack through her body. His grip on her waist tightened at the subtle tremors, his hands large enough to almost fully wrap around the circumference of her midriff, fingers just shy of meeting. Bee's lips quirked slightly at his strong grip, secretly delighting at how small and delicate she felt cradled against his large body. Addie's body swallowed her own, his "6'4, 200 pound frame dwarfing her "5'1, 120 pound figure easily, the broad stretch of his shoulders impossibly wide, and the thick ropes of tattooed muscle that made up his body intimidating. She'd seen him fight, cheered him on during his MMA matches, felt that wicked little thrill of excitement shoot up her spine at the thought of how easily he could overpower her. Unlike his opponents, her petite stature was ill equipped to combat the raw strength she knew was hidden beneath the surface of his skin, and the evidence of that only served to increase her desire for him. It had surprised and embarrassed her, at first, how turned on watching him fight got her. There was just something about the way his sweat slicked skin would glisten under the harsh lights, the thick cords of his rippling muscles flexing that made a warm, soft ache throb dully between her thighs. She would find herself flushed, and her heart thrumming wildly in her chest as she yelled and screamed along with the crowd, the mass of people around her so completely unaware of what would come afterward. That, when it was all over, it would be her trapped between his thighs, pinned beneath the bulk of his weight until she tapped out from pure exhaustion. Before Bee had dated Addie, she had never been into guys like him, one's with rough edges and grit, the kind of guys who'd grown up fighting for every scrap they received and had never quite learned to stop fighting. She'd been brought up by her Catholic, Guatemalan grandmother in a sheltered, lower middle class environment. Addie, on the other hand, had spent his childhood in the system, being passed from one group home to another until he'd aged out. Addie didn't hide the fact that he was a little scarred, a little messed up, each tattoo engraved into his body an immortalization of a past scar. The fact that his arms alone were covered from shoulder to wrist in brightly colored tattoo sleeves said more than he was ever willing to admit, but Bee had learned pretty quickly that his scars weren't the sum of who he was. It was his quiet persistence and gentle, but steady nature that had drawn her to him, and it was those traits that allowed her to wake up each morning knowing her heart was safe with him. Bee traced a path up along the inside of his forearm to the crease of his elbow, following the lines of his tattoos as they weaved in out of each other in bursts of color. He shifted beneath her, muscles tensing and contracting as he reached for her, threading his fingers in the snarl of her thick, loose, raven curls until he was cupping the side of her head. He didn't pull her hair, or use his grip to coax her to his will, just held her, almost possessively, his strength apparent in his grip. Her blood hummed at his touch, the rough, calloused pads of his fingers pressing against her scalp, caressing, massaging, soothing away the last tendrils of her headache. She released a hot gush of air, unable to control the way her body arched, pressing closer, her eyelids fluttering shut as she nestled deeper in his hold, burying her face against his bare shoulder. She fit perfectly against him, her small form cradled by the broad stretch of his body, nestled in the cage of his strong arms. The familiar scent of cloves mixed with something darker, like a slow running liquor, filtered through her senses, his concentrated, masculine scent earthy yet sharp in her nostrils. It took effort to restrain the shiver that begged to wrack through her body. The years they had been together had done little to dull that innate attraction that always left her a little breathless, a little tense against the pull that tugged at her like some kind of gravitational force. For all she had hoped it would fade, that she would eventually become used to being the focus of his attention, he still made her head stupid, and her heart fucking ache. She was almost certain he could hear how her heart quickened as she slipped a hand over the bridge of his freckled shoulder, feeling the cords of muscle bunch beneath her fingers as she curled them around the back of his neck. He groaned lightly, the sound reverberating through his chest at the tug of her fingers twisting in the copper hairs at the nape of his neck. She nuzzled against the line of his stubbled jaw, lips soft against the coarseness of the short bristles. His grip on her tightened almost imperceptibly as he tilted his head down, gliding his nose across her cheek, not stopping until it hit her own. He dragged it along the curve of hers, rubbing, nuzzling until her chest felt too full, bubbling over with something that she couldn't quite name. The closest description she could find was that she felt coddled. It wasn't a feeling she'd had much experience with before she'd dated him, his ability to be able to reduce her to the shy, needy girl she thought she'd banished a long time ago both freeing and incredibly frustrating. After a lifetime of guarding herself, Addie had carefully peeled back the layers of her outer protective shell until he found the sensitive, delicate soul that resided within her, her fierce independence softening into something almost tame. She tipped her head back, straining to reach his lips, needing to feel them, to lose herself in the texture of him. It was its own kind of worst tease, the way he held himself back, their lips hovering, barely ghosting, breaths mingling in the air between them. He swallowed tightly, the slow, almost lazy blink of her exotic, dark cocoa eyes as disarming as the first time he'd caught her eye. He inhaled sharply through his nose, drawing a steadying breath in an effort to temper his reaction to her, his stomach tight and clenched like a fist, the ache migrating down to his groin reminiscent to that of a spreading bruise. He tilted his head, slowly closing the last inch between them, a little startled gasp escaping her as the tip of his tongue dipped, hot and wet, between her lips, the barbell running through his tongue clicking against her teeth. He didn't linger, withdrawing as quickly as he had entered, his tongue dragging along the inside of her lip as it retreated, but it was enough to make her skin pebble and warmth pool in her stomach. She was trembling, small shivers wracking through her body as she drew her top lip into her mouth, trying to get just a taste of him, to memorize and hold it inside her like a keepsake. He pulled her back down, their eyes meeting, lingering, for a brief moment before their mouths connected. They traded soft, open mouthed kisses without preamble or expectation, just wanting to ground themselves in the feel of the other's lips caressing their own. Moving almost without noticing, their mouths slanted across each other, adjusting to the cues of each other's bodies until they were in sync, mirroring each breath, each twitch the other made effortlessly. They weren't tentative, lips molding passionately, while keeping an almost lazy, languid pace that lacked any real urgency as they continually drew back, letting their lips separate for a brief moment before the gravitational pull of their bodies dragged them back together. Their mouths parted wetly against each other, opening, touching, yet always drawing back, the resistance only serving to make them burn for more. The was a certain delicacy to the way they kissed, a tenderness that coaxed, urging, kindling the fire between them, their soft pants and sighs sounding sharp in the quiet. His stubble scratched lightly at her cheeks and chin, sending pinpricks of heat through her body that made her thighs clench tighter around his waist in an effort to suppress the urge to squirm against him. She was needy, mouth demanding as she took his top lip between hers, sucking and nipping gently, yet hungrily, her shoulders hunching, rising, as she pressed herself closer, her hands cradling his jaw. He let her lead the kiss, content to be the recipient of her desire,. The hand that had been curled around the curve of her waist fisted the back of her shirt, dragging the fabric up her spine, bunching it around her ribs in an effort to feel more of her skin. The kiss deepened, soft, wet tongues tangling, stroking and darting into each other's mouth, the exchange of saliva obvious to anyone who would have witnessed the kiss. It wasn't the kind of kissing that would have been appropriate for anywhere outside of their apartment, the way their mouths opened, accepting the other, swollen lips slanting, pushing, molding against each other obscene. She squirmed against the tight muscles of his stomach, her arousal sharpening, wishing, not for the first time, that she was tall enough for their bodies lined up. It had taken some awkward fumbling in the beginning of their relationship for them to realise that the fact that her head was level with his upper pectoral muscles when standing meant that there was no way they could make out and dry hump at the same time, at least not in this position. It wasn't just his legs that were longer than hers, but also his torso, which meant that their pelvis' and mouths were rarely in contact at the same time without a certain amount of stretching and manoeuvring. His pulse jumped and throbbed beneath his skin as his thumb slid just under the hem of her tight, little yoga shorts to stroke her