Anastasia Fawley was reading in her family library when an owl flew in. Before looking up, she finished her paragraph and bookmarked the page. Standing, she made her way to the letter the owl had dropped upon the floor. It was addressed to "Miss Anastasia Fawley" and had her address in a beautiful calligraphy-type scrawl. The letter was sealed with red wax and an "H" stamp. As she opened the letter, her eyes searched for the unfamiliar owl, but it was already gone. Shrugging, she made her way back to the couch to read the letter. Almost as soon as she had sat down, Anastasia popped back up and was running down the hall. "Mother! Mother!" she screamed as she hopped down the stairs. She rounded the corner into the living room to find her mother had guests. Anastasia paused and bowed her head to hide its blush and embarrassed smile. Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy were having tea with Rosaline Fawley. "I'm sorry to interrupt," Anastasia stated. "I was excited to receive my Hogwarts letter." "Draco received his this morning. That's why we came by. We were just discussing with your mother when the best time to visit Diagon Alley would be," Narcissa informed the young girl, a hint of pride in her voice. "Of course. I'll return to my reading now," Anastasia said, allowing her brown hair to hide her face as she turned back toward the stairwell. Hearing the voices pick up again, she stopped before climbing back up to the second floor. "Rosaline, have you told her yet?" Narcissa said, clearly trying to keep her voice low. "No, not yet. What am I supposed to say? 'Oh, hunny, your father will be released from prison soon. Would you like to be pulled out of school to see him?' She doesn't even know him!" Rosaline stated. "It was only a ten-year sentence," Lucius chimed in. "It is a pity he was sentenced at all, but he handled it well. There were simply too many people willing to speak up against a Ministry official as high ranking as him. You know he had not acted on any orders in months, Rosaline. He all but quit when he married you. Besides the meetings, many of us never saw him. He only grew more distant after Anastasia's birth. I believe he should have made an effort to remain more active, but that is not the point. You should be proud of what he did accomplish for the cause." "Why yes, it was a pity that my husband hasn't seen his daughter in ten years while you've walked free every day despite committing far worse crimes than him! You could have used the imperius curse excuse to save him too!" Rosaline stated through gritted teeth. It took all of her effort not to yell, but the last thing the woman wanted was for her daughter to overhear the conversation. Anastasia, ironically eavesdropping, was surprised by what she heard. She had never heard her mother discuss her father's imprisonment. In fact, it had been months since she heard the man's name spoken in the house, and she was surprised her mother so openly discussed the matter with the Malfoys. Anastasia knew the Malfoys had been friends with her parents since before either couple was married, but she just assumed no one spoke of her father anymore. She was confused that her mother thought Lucius belonged in prison rather than her father, and part of her wanted to rush back into the living room and ask what was going on. Sighing, she finally climbed back up the stairs. Anastasia knew better than to try and force answers out of her mother, especially when it regarded her father's imprisonment. All she knew was that he went to Askaban after the war ended and that he would be out just after she started at Hogwarts. Whenever Anastasia stated that it felt like a long time to wait to meet her father, Rosaline reminded the girl that Rodolphus and Rabastan Lestrange, the young girl's two uncles, were imprisoned in Askaban for life. Rosaline was very grateful that her husband would be released and given the chance to watch their only child go through school./ A few days after receiving her Hogwarts letter, Anastasia came downstairs to find a large breakfast on the table. Her mother was reading The Daily Prophet as she ate. Seeing Anastasia enter, Rosaline set the paper down and smiled. "Eat up, little one. We have a long day of shopping for school supplies ahead of us," she said before again picking up the paper. Anastasia was overwhelmed with excitement. She had been looking forward to shopping for school since the owl arrived, and, once shopping was complete, she knew she was only days away from leaving for Hogwarts. As sad as she would be to leave her mother, Anastasia had been looking forward to Hogwarts for as long as she could remember. Much like her mother, Anastasia loved to learn. Most of her free time was spent devouring books in the Fawley family library, and Rosaline always joked that the young girl would run out of books to read before she even made it to school. Anastasia ate quickly but made sure not to go so fast as to upset her stomach or to receive a reproachful glance from her mother. She tried to imagine all the new books she would have by the day's end. Spellcasting, history, potions, and so many more! If she planned her remaining days right, Anastasia could have the books read before she boarded the train for school. That would maximize her time at school to read library books, and it would help her get ahead in all of her courses. The doorbell rang and interrupted Anastasia's planning. The house-elf passed through the dining room to answer the door and returned with the Malfoys in tow. After bowing low to introduce the family, the house-elf retreated back to the kitchen. Rosaline rose to greet the family friends. She hugged Narcissa and accepted a kiss on the cheek from Lucius. Draco came to stand beside Anastasia's chair and took a pastry off the table. "Your house-elf is a better cook than ours. Ours really is useless," the blonde boy said. Swallowing, Anastasia retorted, "Maybe if you weren't so cruel to him, Draco. Saying 'please' and 'thank you' instead of kicking the poor thing might make your food taste better." Draco snorted as a response, and Lucius shook his head and said, "You're filling the girl's head with your nonsense, Rosaline." "I'm filling her head with manners, Lucius. Something your son could stand to learn from," Rosaline responded, walking back to the table to fold her paper up and set it aside. Anastasia and Draco stopped chewing at the insult Rosaline so easily threw at Lucius. The two children shared a concerned and confused look. Their parents never fought, not in front of them at least. Lucius always made comments about Anastasia being an unusual and impractical child, but Rosaline typically laughed it off or made a comment about how Anastasia took after her mother. Anastasia had never heard her mother insult anyone, and the insult greatly surprised the young girl. "Draco is marrying your daughter, Rosaline; you will have to learn to like him sooner or later," Lucius spat back at her. Anastasia and Draco took that moment to finally swallow and scoot away from the table. Standing by each other's side, almost as if in defense of an oncoming attack, the two made their way upstairs to grab Anastasia's school list and hide from the unusual argument. Whatever was going on between their parents, the two children knew better than to stand around and listen. They might have been curious about the reason behind the harsh comments, but lingering too long would find them in some kind of trouble. Sighing, Rosaline sat back down. "Lucius, I'm sorry," she said. "I love Draco as my own son, you know that. Our kids love each other, and they will be a perfect match one day. The stress over Allister's release is getting to me. A complaint has been filed that, as a former Death Eater, Allister's punishment should be changed to a lifetime sentence rather than a ten-year one. The Ministry is sitting down to discuss it tomorrow." Narcissa gasped. "They can't just change the sentencing like that, can they? After all this time? He's supposed to go free in time for Christmas!" "Why haven't I heard anything about this?" Lucius cried, enraged at the sudden betrayal to his friend. "I was told it's been kept underwraps to try and prevent an outcry. Allister was a member of the Magical Law Enforcement and months away from a seat on the Wizengamot. People are arguing that his position at the Ministry led to leniency in his sentence. These people are obviously unaware that being guilty of conspiracy has never before sent a wizard to Askaban," Rosaline explained, clearly exasperated at the whole ordeal. "He will come home to you, Rosaline; I will make sure of that," Lucius promised, striding over to place a hand on her shoulder. "I have already been in conversation with his old bosses to reinstate him within the Ministry. It won't be easy to place a criminal back in the Magical Law Enforcement, but I think we will be able to pull it off. He served far more time than he should have, and he was well-known and admired. It would be a much lower position, but it would give him his life back." Rosaline smiled and nodded. "Thank you, Lucius. You're an incredibly generous friend." Rosaline stood and leaned against the stairwell. "Anastasia! Draco! We're leaving now!" The kids rushed down and made their way toward the front door, clearly oblivious of the serious conversation their parents had just been engaged in. "First one to the platform buys the other a chocolate frog!" Draco yelled as he ran past Platform 8 in King's Cross Station. "No fair! You said that after you had already started running!" Anastasia called to him, trying desperately to catch up. Draco was only half a platform ahead of her, and she had no intention of going down that easy. / "No running in the train station!" a guard yelled, pulling on Draco's luggage cart to slow him down. Anastasia saw her chance and started sprinting. Her luggage cart was heavy, but she only had a few seconds to catch and pass Draco. The guard was distracted by lecturing her friend, so she ran past him, jumped to place her feet on the bottom of the luggage cart, and slid straight through the pillar between Platforms 9 and 10. Reaching Platform 9 ¾, she placed her feet back on the ground to slow herself. Turning, she waited for an unhappy Draco to make his way through the pillar and tell her that she cheated. "Just as she had predicted, Draco came through the pillar and started to yell at her. "I'm no fair? You're the one who kept running after I got in trouble! I'm not buying you a chocolate frog!" "Rosaline, Narcissa, and Lucius stepped through the pillar and onto the platform. "Quiet!" Lucius ordered. "You're making fools of yourselves. We raised you better." Anastasia and Draco quieted and straightened their stance. The two obediently followed their parents through the maze of bodies to where the luggage was being stacked. Abandoning their carts for someone else to load, the group made their way back toward the center of the platform. They stood in silence for some time as the surrounding families made tearful and emotional goodbyes. The train was set to take off in ten minutes, and Anastasia and Draco were uncertain of whether or not they should be excited to board or dismayed at leaving their parents for the first time. Anastasia found herself fascinated at the number of people