Note: In Croatia, the old names used for meteors are "falling stars" and "celestial fireflies". I love the latter very much, so I decided to use it as the name the elves in Middle-earth would give to this beautiful phenomenon. The star from the story is familiar with life in Middle-earth, so we can suppose that she would speak to an elf in Sindarin. For that reason, in the moment of introducing, the names are written in descriptive form (Legolas = Greenleaf). Big thanks to curiouswombat for beta-reading. Rating: G -x-x-x- The summer night above Ithilien was quiet and serene. Numerous stars shone on a clear sky. Legolas surveyed the surroundings, enjoying its beauty. After several days long celebrations of the tenth anniversary of Aragorn's coronation, during which he dwelt in the crowded city, he wished for some solitude: to sleep under stars and to talk only to trees and animals. He has been travelling this beautiful land for several days and enjoyed his little trip. This evening he set his camp in a small, protected grove he had found after sunset. Before settling for the night, he lay in a nearby little clearing to watch the stars. Occasionally, a celestial firefly would cross the sky. He loved to observe them fly like shining arrows. After a while, just as he started to consider going to sleep, another bright streak appeared on the sky. This one was golden and accompanied by tiny sparkles. But his admiration immediately turned to surprise, and then to consternation, for this one was brighter than any he had ever seen. It was so brilliant that the trees on the edge of the clearing suddenly cast dim shadows, and it didn't fade away but continued to traverse the sky. It came closer and he realized it was quite low. But what truly shocked him were sudden, inexplicable emotions that had overwhelmed him – emotions that weren't his own. He felt fear and pain and heard a scream for help – though in reality the forest around him was completely silent, the voice echoed only in his head. The light then flew over his head and continued descending towards the forest. And just one moment before everything went dark again, from the direction where the light disappeared he heard sounds of tearing branches and then a muffled impact on the ground. For a few moments he sat petrified, totally in shock, forgetting to breathe. He had never seen anything like this before and wasn't really sure what he actually had witnessed now. But although shocked, the fear and cry for help that reached him earlier still echoed in his mind; and even if he hadn't felt them, he knew he'd go to check what had happened anyway. He took a deep breath and composed himself, and then stood up and entered the woods. He advanced slowly and carefully. It was quite dark and it wasn't easy to find the way among the trees. But he believed he was on the right track; he was led by his intuition and the echo of emotions somewhere in front of him. Their intensity was stronger earlier, when he had seen the celestial firefly, but they were still palpable. He couldn't compare this feeling with anything he had felt before; it was most similar to receiving the thoughts of the trees when he would lay his hand on their bark, but the emotions and vibrations he received now were completely different than anything he had experienced before. Only about a hundred steps later, he saw a soft white-yellow light among the trees. He stopped and took shelter behind one tree, knowing that he should nevertheless remain cautious. But everything was calm in the surroundings, so the elf went forward again. And after a few more steps, he saw the source of the light. On the ground between two trees, there lay... Legolas blinked in wonder. There lay a star. It had to be a star; it couldn't be anything else. In the core, in the very heart of the light, he perceived something that resembled a crystal. Rays of white and golden light radiated from it and intertwined, soft and alive, as if they were dancing. Tiny shimmering sparkles flickered in the air around the star, so tiny that they were almost invisible. It was more beautiful than any lamp he had ever seen; he was sure that no man or elf, not even Fëanor himself, could create something so gorgeous. A star. Just how was this possible? But while earlier magnificent and dazzling, now her light was dimmed and she twinkled intermittently, as if she trembled. She was... injured. Legolas frowned in confusion, not understanding why he was thinking of the star in terms of a living feminine being. But his heart told him that this was the right thing to say, he couldn't think of any other word that would describe her better. For he could feel her pain. Filled with compassion, he knelt next to her to take a better look. And just as he started to lean towards her, he froze when he heard words in his head. You are an elf, I presume? He stood open mouthed in astonishment. She spoke! The voice was melodious and soft, although somewhat pain-filled, too. It was neither old nor young, and it seemed to him that it was accompanied by some distant, barely audible music. And it was the most beautiful voice he had ever heard. "You speak!" he exclaimed, surprised. Of course I can speak , she replied with a smile. He shook his head, confused. She had no face, she had no lips, and she couldn't smile. Nevertheless, he could swear that in his heart he had felt the smile which accompanied her words. We got the gift of speech from our Mother just like you, the children of Eru, received the same gift from your Father . "What... what are you?" As soon as he uttered the question, he realized how stupid it sounded. But the whole incident had shaken him too deeply and he was still unnerved. A star, of course , she answered, somewhat offended. I thought you'd know that. The Mother told us that you elves were the people of stars . "Forgive me," he said ruefully. "It is just that... I am still shocked. I have never dreamed that I will ever talk to a star in my life. I have never thought it possible. I am so confused." She didn't reply to that, but in his mind he received an image of a mental nodding, as a sign that his apology was accepted. Then, after a few moments of silence, she addressed him again. My name is Golden Flower , she said. "It is a beautiful name. It suits you well," he said, referring to the colour of light she radiated. Then he introduced himself too, with a slight bow. "I am Greenleaf." An adequate name for a wood elf , she replied. He smiled at her. Even if he was confused by the thought at first, he wasn't now, not any more; this was a living being with a heart, soul and emotions just like any elf or any other child of Eru. "What happened to you? How did you fall?" he asked curiously. Mental sigh. I was inattentive . The timeless voice was filled with self-reproach. I flew... You see, some of my sisters have found their heavenly harbour, their home, and there they dwell always. You can see them every night, every year, in the same place in the sky. But our Mother created some of us differently... "Mother?" he interrupted her. "Elbereth?" That is what your people call her, yes. That is one of her many names. We call her Mother, for she created us. So, some of us are different. We are wanderers and we never reside in one place for long, but roam around the sky all the time. Every now and then we journey through the expanses of heaven, and each time that we run unrestrained we flash out of pure joy ... Another sigh. He could feel her yearning and sorrow. "What happened to you?" very gently, he repeated his question. Mother has always warned us that we must not fly too low, for we could fall. But we are curious, you know? We are not like our sisters who stay at their homes. We love to observe your beautiful world much more then they do, so we often fly very low. And so, sometimes, some of us incautiously descend too much, and fall... just like I did now . The melodious voice broke, she sobbed. Tears filled her... no, she had no eyes, he reminded himself, for she was a star. But he felt her tears even more vividly than if he could see them with his own eyes. A river of sadness flew through his mind and for a while he couldn't see anything; the forest disappeared, there was only darkness around him. "Tell me... you are injured, aren't you? I would like to help you somehow," he said when her tears finally dried, and the shapes of trees and bushes reappeared from the dark. But as soon as he said those words, he realized he had no idea how to help her. And so he hoped that she might tell him, that she'd have some solution for her condition. I am not injured, at least not in the way you could be. I am not broken , she explained. But I am fading . "How do you mean?" he asked, frightened by her last words. A star can not live on the ground, but only in the sky , she answered. "Can't you return?" But with foreboding clenching his heart, he perceived the answer to his question even before she voiced it. I can not , her sad voice confirmed his fears. "Is there really no way? You are a star, you are a magical being. Your Mother is a Valië, the most powerful of all. You surely have some special powers." His voice was eager, he still hoped there was a salvation. No, I can't , she repeated. Dwelling on your ground, in your air, chokes me. No star can fly from the ground back to the sky . "So what now?" he asked with fear. I'll be quenched. I'll die . This time her voice was barely audible. And as if confirming her words, the light radiating from her faded a little more. "No!" he cried in a low voice, filled with sorrow. A star should not die! They were something too valuable. They were much more than mere decorations to the night sky – countless times they were solace and encouragement to weary souls; countless times they showed the path to lost travellers. He wished he could scream aloud that a star couldn't die. But reality, mocking him, was demonstrating that it was actually possible. Right this moment, a wounded star was lying on the ground next to his feet and was dying. Yes , she sighed. In a few hours, or one day at the most, everything will be over ... "I am so sorry..." he said with a lump in his throat, aware that his words offer no comfort at all. At least I saw your world , she told him with a smile, sounding almost as if he was the one who needed solace. I love this wood and its rivers and surrounding mountains. You know, all of us watched your fight against Dark Lord from our heights and we feared for you... and we rejoiced with you when everything ended well. Middle-earth is a beautiful and happy place now . "I want to help you somehow," he said resolutely, while his mind feverishly sought the solution. He would give her all the strength of his fëa, if only he could keep her alive