Rating: Teen (for mention of battles and death) Author's note: Written for Teitho August contest – Journeys. Big thanks to Irena for translating and to Cairistiona for beta-reading. *hugs* And if I owned any of the Dúnedain *sigh* (or anything of Middle-earth), I probably wouldn't write this story. :) -x-x-x-x- Spring had not yet arrived in Minas Tirith, but the winter inexorably gave way to the new season. It was obvious by the ever-longer days, by the rays of the sun bathing the White City ever more often, by the warmth caressing the earth, slowly waking it from its long winter's sleep. But now, in the cool of the evening, King Elessar stepped away from the window from which he was watching the moonlit city. The room was quiet and dark, illuminated by a single candle. But the darkness suited him at the moment, as did the solitude; he was not in the mood for spacious, well-lit halls or large companies. He walked over to one of the cupboards and opened it. Among many things which were stored inside, a small black chest stood out, resting on a slim pillow. He watched it for a long time, unaware of anything else; the world around him faded away. "Go back to the north and lead our men in the battle against the Orcs. Gondor is not the only land that will be stricken by war." Aragorn couldn't say what made the hairs on the back of his neck suddenly stand on end, nor why he felt a deep chill when he thought that Halbarad would follow him along the Paths of the Dead and join him in war in Gondor. A sudden urge to send his cousin back to Arnor overpowered everything else. The memory wounded his heart, as it did every time. He knew he would carry this pain inside him forever. But no matter how hard he tried, he could not convince Halbarad to leave. "My path takes me forward, not backward. My path is with you. It always has been, and it always will be." His voice was unwavering. Final. A flag of Gondor was in his hands, ready to be unfurled to light the flame of hope. The Grey Company gravely observed their leader – their king – waiting for him to lead them. "Let's go," Halbarad said mildly, but resolutely. "We haven't got a moment to lose." The events of the fate had been set in motion a long time ago. There was no going back now. Aragorn laid his hand on the small chest, the last physical bond with his cousin. But not for much longer, he thought. Soon this will change too. And he knew his journey would be a rather difficult one. With each step carrying him inch by inch towards the north, the memories would become clearer and the pain would grow sharper and deeper. He could wait no more. He would set out for the journey this week. It was only the beginning of February, still quite cold, but he could no longer postpone the journey. It would take him a few weeks to get to Arnor. By the time he reached his destination, spring will have arrived. But the sun will not warm his heart, nor will the flowers and nature elicit his smile. One day, the sadness will diminish. With each new day, the pain will fade a little. Time heals all wounds. Someday, only the nice memories will remain, and the scars will hurt less. But not this spring; everything was still too fresh. "Look at them. Aren't they wonderful? Isn't all this..." Halbarad spread his arms as if he wanted to embrace the whole village in front of him, "...worth dying for?" They were sitting on the edge of a meadow, in the shade of a large tree. The children were running around carefree, playing. People were working in their fields and gardens. Joyous voices and laughter resounded among the village houses. On a day like this, one could forget about the threat of the Dark forces and imagine he lives in a happy world, free of war... almost. The answer was quite obvious. "I would gladly give my life for them," Halbarad went on with a smile on his face and without a trace of hesitation. "If that would make the world a better place in which children would no longer grow in fear, I wouldn't hesitate a second." You have contributed to it, my brother, Aragorn said to him in silent thought. We live in a better world. The scars are still numerous, but they will slowly heal. We are all doing our best. One of Halbarad's wishes came true: a new, happier age of the world had begun. Now was the time to fulfill his final wish as well. Aragorn lifted his head resolutely. He wasn't able to set out for the journey earlier – and it weighed heavily on his soul. But he could not be in two places at once, and the people of Gondor needed him. He had been crowned as their king; he could not fail them. The land was bleeding, wounded heavily by the war. Many wounds required tending to, all at the same time. Many families who had lost the roofs over their heads and were left with nothing needed to be looked after. So many children were left orphaned. The crops and the harvest needed to be made ready in order to prepare for the upcoming winter. He knew the summer would fly by, fraught with things to be done. Even that short trip to Rohan – when he went for Theoden's funeral – seemed too long; he felt he had lost too much precious time. Gondor needed him desperately. Had he gone to Arnor right afterwards, he knew Faramir would unreservedly assume all his duties. But that would certainly be unfair. He never delegated his responsibilities to others, and that time had been no exception. As much as he felt a weight in his heart, as much as he wanted to start the journey right away, he knew he couldn't. He never even thought about putting his own wishes and needs before the needs of his people. He smiled. Halbarad was just like him in that respect. And Aragorn knew his cousin would understand his actions. "Arnor is the most beautiful land," Halbarad said with absolute certainty in his voice. "Its forests, small rivers, meadows, villages... they are beyond comparison." "You haven't seen Lothlorien yet", Aragorn teased him. "Nor do I have to," Halbarad responded. "I am certain it is beautiful. But for me, Arnor is something special." Aragorn smiled. He has never met a man who loved their country as much as his cousin did. Regardless of the time of the year – be it fragrant summer or ice-bound winter, whether the sun relentlessly scorched every flower or the rain drenched the soil so that one's feet would sink deep into the mud, Halbarad found beauty in all of it, and in every corner of their land. "I would like to ask you a favour," Halbarad said. When Aragorn turned towards him, he saw his cousin's face was serious. "I do not know where and when I will die. If it is here somewhere, have me lowered into the ground together with our ancestors and fellow-soldiers. But if it is somewhere far away, then I have a wish." Aragorn wished he could tell him they would live to see old age together. But they lived in dangerous times, constantly on the verge of war, and often fought against the Orcs and other servants of the Enemy, not knowing what the next day had in store for them. Death was their constant companion, following them unrelentingly, her icy breath always lurking in the surrounding shadows. Which is why he simply nodded his head without a word. "If it is somewhere far away," he repeated, "and should the circumstances allow it, prepare the funeral pyre. And then, when the occasion arises, bring my ashes to our beloved land and scatter them here, not far away from our village. I would like to be a part of it even at the very end, forever." Aragorn felt his throat tighten. But when he spoke, his voice was steady. "I hope you will live to see old age with your loved ones, in your home." Hope was all he could offer; there were no guarantees. Still, he could offer someting more. A promise. "But if you happen to die somewhere far away, I will fulfill your wish. I promise." Has he seen the future? Did he know he would depart before me, as he may have sensed it on the way to Gondor? There were no answers to Aragorn's questions and he knew they would torment him forever. Once again he looked at the small chest containing the ashes of his cousin, and then slowly closed the cupboard doors. The decision was made. Now the situation was significantly different than it was eight months ago. The land was recovering. Faramir will have no difficulty governing Gondor for a few weeks; Aragorn was free to travel with an easy mind. After all, he was the King not only of Gondor, but of the entire Reunited Kingdom; he had to look after Arnor as well, and the best way to do that was to spend some time in that land. The time for Halbarad's last journey had finally arrived. -x-x-x-x- Arnor in the early spring was just as he remembered it. Chilly evenings. Cold mornings coated with frost. The dormant nature slowly waking up. Aragorn smiled. Those were the images and the scents of his childhood. For a moment it felt as if he had never even left. Here, under the tall treetops, listening to the gurgle of the familiar rivulets, it was easy to forget about the royal committments and be an ordinary man again, a ranger. Next to him, with grass rustling under her feet, Arwen smiled too. They spent the last ten months in Gondor, most of which in Minas Tirith. Ithilien, which they occasionally visited, was pretty, and its forests were green and fragrant. Yet these northern forests had a special place in their hearts; these were their forests. As he watched her walk across the clearing in the wood, soundlessly and lightly as if her feet did not even touch the ground, Aragorn felt as if he had sailed through time, back in the days of their first encounter. He thought he had wandered into a dream, afraid that the vision might evaporate if he as much as blinked. But the elleth did not disappear, and the dream had turned into reality. And he was the luckiest man in the world. But then his thoughts followed the course of time and took him down a different, more painful memory lane. Soon after the first encounter with Arwen, he left Rivendell and joined his people – the Dúnedain. And then he met Halbarad. The flood of memories spontaneously gushed forth: the first days, when he was almost afraid of the tall, apparently stern ranger; the slow, lengthy period of getting to know each other; all the hours of painstaking exercises they spent together... Halbarad became as close as a brother to him. He was someone he could rely on even in the worst of hardships, whom he could confide in even in the darkest moments; he was his family. He remembered all the time they spent together, all the battles they fought together, all the joys and pains, and, finally, the last battle, the one of the Pelennor Fields. Tomorrow he will arrive in their village. The journey will end tomorrow, and the long-made promise will be fulfilled. But he would give anything if he didn't have to fulfill the last wish now... if they could walk together through Arnor released from Evil. -x-x-x-x- The reception was joyful.