Author's note: Well, this is not a real author's note. Why? Because this story is not mine. My good friend Val wrote it, just for fun (he normally doesn't write fanfiction stories). And I really fell in love with the story, and then he told me: "Why don't you translate it and post it on ?" At first, I hesitated, not wanting to post something that is not mine. But I really think that the story is good, and I want people to see it, I want to share it with you. And I translated it. :) So, here it is, his wonderful story, including in it my character Ailinel (from my story "The Birthday") whom Val "borrowed" for his story. Of course, I was so glad that he included Ailinel in his story. If there are any reviews, they will be forwarded to him, of course. And yes, one more thing... a big thanks and hug to Fili, without whose help I couldn't translate this all. -x-x-x- This winter is extraordinary in every way , Boromir thought, stopping his horse. Dusk was thickening, and he thought he was still nearly two hours riding from the rangers' camp, but he wasn't sure of his estimation any more. Northern Ithilien seemed incredibly vast under this thick snowy cover. Next time he'd take an escort; if someone had gone with him, he wouldn't have gotten lost and wasted the past four hours in backtracking. Snow was so rare in this region; it transformed Ithilien into something foreign and unrecognisable. No wonder he couldn't recognize paths and wandered like a fool. Oh, how the rangers would laugh when he finally stumbled into camp. He had been expected by mid-afternoon. The twilight was slowly becoming opaque and the dense snow flakes also reduced visibility, but because of the reflection of whiteness the darkness was not complete. And that is why he was able to notice a stealthy movement on his left. Boromir remained still, listening. No ranger would approach him like this; they would reveal themselves as soon as they recognised him. And except for the rangers, there were no men here, no settlements this far north. Two on the left... and three on the right . He didn't move, waiting to see if there were more, but it seemed there were only five. There was no more reason to wait. He turned his horse as if to go on slowly, but instead he suddenly drew his sword and spurred the horse directly at the three on the right. Seeing they were discovered, the orcs abandoned all pretence of stealth and attacked, but Boromir cut two of them down from the saddle before leaping to the ground, where the third orc was able to block two strikes before he was slain. It was over quickly enough that Boromir had time to turn to meet the remaining two as they attacked. Neither of them represented a real danger, although he hardly avoided a few of their strokes. In the end, what almost killed him was not their skill but his own mistake. In the moment he lifted his sword to kill the last one standing, pain streaked through his thigh and he nearly missed blocking the orc's blow. He managed to make a side-step and kill the orc in front of him, and then he turned. One of the orcs he had beaten down in the beginning was not dead and had struck him in the leg from behind. Boromir quickly killed him, and then the orcs were all dead. He was furious at himself; such beginner's mistakes shouldn't have happened to someone with his experience. He should've been more cautious, even if he thought that the rest were dead. And now he first checked all the orcs, and then looked at the wound on his leg: a cut through the muscle, but not too dangerous. Two days of rest and he should walk normally. He went towards his saddlebags for something to bandage his leg, but a small sound froze him in mid-step. The crying of a child. He felt his anger grow. Never before he found children kidnapped by the orcs, although he had heard that they did that sometimes. He slowly lead his horse towards the sound, supporting himself on the saddle, trying not to imagine what the child's fate would have been if he hadn't run into these orcs by chance. Being killed quickly and served for dinner was perhaps the best option. Only about twenty meters further, in the orcs' camp, close to the remnants of a quickly doused fire, Boromir found a boy. His clothes were dirty, and tears had made streaks down his small dirty face. He was about three years old, or four, at the most. Boromir stood in front of him and stared, right now feeling to tired for surprise. The boy's canine teeth were bigger than they were supposed to be, he noticed, almost absent mindedly. His creased, ugly face brought to mind that of a small boar. The child was an orc. -x-x-x- And now what? Never before, not even in hunting, had Boromir killed an animal cub, and he couldn't kill this orc now. He stared at the child for a while, and then his leg hurt too much so he had to sit down in the snow. He had killed all the orcs from this group; the tracks told him that there were no more. If he left the child, even if he wrapped it up in a blanket, it would freeze in this snow storm. But if he made a shelter – a really good shelter – and left some food, the other orcs would find him, when they come to search for this group. Little orc stopped crying, just sat and watched him, snivelling now and then. He didn't try to run away. Just when Boromir made a decision and stood up to find the wood for making the shelter, yowling from afar reached his ears. Wolves! An answer came from the other side, much closer this time, only a moment after the first. This didn't only change his decision about leaving the orc, but also warned him of a new, and very serious danger. In this deep snow it would be difficult to escape, and if the wolves attacked, even a man armed with a sword had no chance against several animals. His horse pranced, frightened. They had to leave as soon as possible, to run away from the smell of blood, and Boromir hoped that the wolves would be busy with the dead orcs long enough for the two of them to escape. "You are going with me", he said to the orc, not knowing if he would understand. The little one tilted his head to listen, but remained motionless. "The wolves. We have to escape." But he understood, Boromir saw it in his eyes full of fear. He must have heard or seen wolves before. Boromir slowly approached, almost expecting that the boy would try to run away or snarl, but when he outstretched his arms, the orc also raised his arms, just like any other child who wants to be lifted up. This surprised him so much that he stood for a moment, but then yowling moved him again. He lifted the boy and took him to the horse. He had to spare a few moments to wrap up his wound, though he knew that the bandage would not hide the smell of blood; it would only help to stop the bleeding and keep him from getting too weak. He put the orc in front of himself and wrapped him in the blanket, because if he sat behind, a wolf could rip him off in a leap. This way he'd be protected. Boromir urged his horse as quickly as he could through the thickening storm. -x-x-x- Boromir had no idea how long they had been riding, let alone where they were. He was lost but dared not stop. Through the wailing of the wind he could still hear the yowling of the wolves; the animals were still on their track. He had no idea where the rangers' camp was, the last of the signs he had been following were back at the place where he had been attacked. He might be close to the camp, but he could also be miles away, lost in the maze of hills and canyons that ordinarily made Ithilien so beautiful. He thought the latter was more probable. If he continued riding, he could very well bump his nose against the Ephel Duath... but then he'd at least know where he was. He was not afraid of freezing, for he was wearing winter clothes and a thick fur-lined cloak; he was afraid that the horse wouldn't endure the effort of going through the deeper and deeper drifts of snow. And he was worried because of the wolves. The hours merged and Boromir didn't know how many passed. The orc fell asleep, leaning back against his chest. He could feel the warmth of the small body. And also its smell. The stormy sky became a little brighter and he knew that dawn had finally come. But the horse was near to collapsing, and even Boromir was exhausted. The storm had abated slowly but the wind was becoming stronger. That worried him, because through the roaring of the wind he couldn't hear the wolves; he didn't know if they still followed. But the horse stumbled again; the animal was utterly spent. Boromir dismounted, took the reins and led him towards the canyons, looking for shelter. The walking was painful and tiring, and the child he carried seemed impossibly heavy. Finally, about half an hour later, he found a small cave where they would be well protected. It was quiet inside, the stones around and above offered shelter from snow and the wind. The little orc whined quietly in his sleep as Boromir set him down; he was also probably tired and cold. Boromir covered him and turned to light a fire. There were some ancient, huge pine trees not far away, and Boromir found their inner branches were rich with resin and almost dry, so starting the fire didn't take him as much time as he thought it would. The orange flames lit the walls of their shelter and gave warmth and hope. Boromir didn't know what the time was. Morning slowly progressed, but the light was dim, blurred by the shroud of snow. Fine. Better and better. If it goes on like this, we'll be trapped for days. He stood by the entrance watching and listening carefully. Finally sure that the wolves had lost their track, he went inside and sat down, then realizing just how exhausted he was. He watched the child who slept next to him, curled underneath his cloak. The dim light of their fire erased ugly lines of his face and showed him as he truly was: a small child who was tired and cold. Boromir slowly stretched his wounded leg and lay down, and then he pulled the little one closer, embracing him with one arm. He was just the size of Ailinel; and also, she used to cuddle next to him just like this, when he read stories to her. And in that moment, the boy's eyes opened and looked at him, confused and in doubt for a second. "Don't worry, just sleep. We were riding through the whole night and part of the morning", Boromir whispered and pulled the blanket to his chin. This gentle gesture had an immediate result: a soft, sleepy smile, and then the small body relaxed as the little orc fell asleep. But Boromir remained awake for a while more, haunted by the eyes of the boy. Their expression had not been that of a nearly mindless beast. He had seen a sweet, childish spirit in them. For a moment, his