Author's note: Denethor whom you will meet in this story is quite different than the one we know from book and movie. And if he seems too cheerful (and therefore strange) to you in this story, just remember that this is the time when his beloved wife is still next to him, when he hasn't even touched the palantir yet, when – in one word – he is happy with his family. Big thanks and kiss to Istarnie, for beta-reading and help. Dedicated to Val – my everlasting source of inspiration. I love you, my dear friend. -x-x-x- The adults were wrong when they thought that children had no problems. One serious problem for a certain eight-years-old was the following: how to occupy a boring afternoon? Boromir approached the window with disappointment. It was raining, so plans for games and running around with friends were ruined. Such a pity! He had just been about to visit his friend Baranor, who lived on the third level of the city. Baranor and his parents had a house with a big garden, and yesterday the boys started to build a small fortress, made of stones and woods they found in the garden. Yes, maybe they would lack the material in the end so that some parts would remain unfinished, and yes, it would not be very solid or stable, but at least it would be theirs. And now, their plans were ruined, because of the stupid rain. Perhaps he could play some games with his brother? He loved that. But Faramir was only three years old, and their mother had just put him in his bed, for his afternoon nap. So, that plan was ruined before it began! His father would surely play with him and tell him exciting stories of ancient battles and great heroes, but on that very day a group of men from Lebenin had arrived to discuss matters of politics. So, he couldn't play with his father either. And he wasn't quite sure what politics was, but it didn't seem to involve anything active, so it didn't sound very interesting. What options remained? Because of the rain, he couldn't ride or walk, or practice archery. He couldn't explore some secret corner of the city... he couldn't have fun! Feeling a little despondent, he took up a pencil from the table where his mother had earlier set drawing, and began to doodle. But it wasn't a very active thing to do; it wasn't very interesting. He wanted something more challenging, something to give him fun and pleasure... and suddenly, while absent-mindedly nibbling the wooden end of the pencil, the idea flashed in his mind. His face lit up with anticipation. And then he frowned, worrying. I shouldn't , he thought. But it would be fun , another voice in his mind added. The struggle between his desire for relief from boredom and a slight sense of guilt occupied him for a minute. In the end his eagerness for playing and waggery prevailed and he jumped to his feet. Taking two more pencils from his mother's tray, he put them in his pockets. Now all else that he needed was a rope, but finding it shouldn't be a serious problem. With a satisfied expression on his face, he left his room. Yes, this will be fun . -x-x-x- Denethor was sitting in his study. As he was preparing for the meeting, he took one last look at the papers that lay in front of him on his desk, and then he sat back in his armchair. He was not in a very good mood for this meeting; just one of many, all equally uninspiring. He could very easy picture the rigid face of Lord Ingold from Lebenin, while the man was submitting his usual report. At every occasion the Steward had seen him he had the same serious, dull expression, either when talking about crops, or when listening to jokes. An idea came to Denethor. We should put glue on his chair one day, and see his expression when he realizes it ... imagining that, he burst into loud laughter. -x-x-x- Equipped with a rope that he found in one storeroom, Boromir sneaked into the Great hall. Nobody saw him enter, as the corridors were mainly empty. The Great hall itself was quite gloomy, because the stormy day offered scant light even through the deep windows, and no candles had yet been lit. Boromir passed beside the throne, and went to the opposite side of the room, towards the main door. When he came to the place where Isildur's statue stood, he stopped and giggled. He withdrew the rope from under his tunic, carefully made a noose and then tossed the rope upwards. At first he didn't achieve his goal, but his second attempt was successful and the rope tightened up around the statue's neck. He climbed quickly, sat on proud Isildur's shoulder and started his work. A stroke here, a stroke there... thicker line, thinner line... then a stroke with another, thicker pencil... a little bit more of black shading... Boromir then stopped for a moment and critically observed his creation. Isildur's face was decorated with a big black moustache. The boy quelled his sniggering, and decided to add a small goat beard too. A few more quick strokes with a pencil, and everything was perfect. That is, almost perfect. What was missing? He frowned a little. Yes! A thick line over the brow... a big black spot covering the whole left eye... and again a line over the cheek, disappearing in the hair. Excellent! Just like he saw on the picture in a book that talked about the pirates of Umbar. It will be such fun when they discover the statue! I wish I could see their faces , he thought with a smile, as he climbed down. He coiled the rope and hid it under his tunic. Then, cautiously peering around the door, he checked the corridor was still empty before going back to his room. Everything was quiet. No one seemed to be around! After closing the door of his room behind him, he jumped and clapped cheerfully. No, that afternoon was not boring any more! -x-x-x- Denethor was on his way to the Great hall when Haldar, one of his loyal counsellors, jumped in front of him. Haldar had been the senior archivist of the libraries of Minas Tirith for a long time, even from the time of Denethor's father Ecthelion. He was a gentle natured, good-hearted man; enthusiastically devoted to his studies of science and history, and to serving the Steward's family. His hair was now almost all white, but despite his age he was always there to help with advice. His major flaw, however, was that he tended to worry too much. Denethor knew it was because of his caring nature, but still Haldar reminded him of a nanny. And now, just one look at the angst-ridden counsellor revealed that Haldar was – again , added Denethor in his thoughts – too worried over some trifle. His eyes were wide open like a startled rabbit's, and he clasped his hands together nervously. "My lord! Something terrible has happened!" Haldar stammered. "What is it, my dear Haldar?" asked Denethor with a soft smile. He truly loved the old counsellor and knew him well, and he knew that a few encouraging words and a smile usually gave good and quick results. "I am sure that it is nothing that you and I can't handle quickly." Continuing with his journey to the Great hall, Denethor pushed open the heavy door – the very same door Boromir had passed through a little while earlier. The counsellor followed him closely, with very little evidence of calm. Haldar's face was still nervous. He shook his head worriedly. "Come, quickly, my lord. There is something I must show you", Haldar said, then he moved past the throne dais and the black, stone chair, heading towards the avenue of statues and the main entrance. He stopped near the door, in front of the image of Isildur. "Here it is", he said in a weak voice, gesturing towards the statue. "What do we do now? Damrod and Bereg are about to lead in our guests... we have no time to change our plans... we have no time to let them know about it... we have to clean it right now... but we have no time for that..." The tone of his voice increased in desperation as he finished his sentence. Although the light was dimmed and weaker than on a sunny day, Denethor noticed from a distance that there was something wrong with the statue... and when he came close he simply stared. For once he ignored his counsellor and just stared! Then he covered his mouth with his hand, to conceal his laughter. But the Steward was not successful. His initial snigger very quickly turned into loud laughter that no hand could hide. He threw back his head and laughed until his sides ached. "My lord?" Haldar questioned insecurely, staring at Denethor in total astonishment and disbelief, which only made the latter laugh even more. Looking up at the huge moustache, Denethor already had a pretty good idea who was behind it. "My good Haldar...", he said when he finally caught his breath, wiping away the tears that came from his intense laughter. But, he had no time to finish his sentence because the main door opened in that moment. He saw that the rain had stopped. Damrod and Bereg, two further of his counsellors who were to be present at the forthcoming meeting, entered the great hall, ahead of the delegation from Lebenin. Through the wide open door Denethor could see a group of twelve men, about fifteen meters away, who were slowly walking towards the entrance. A tall man, with a stiff demeanour and a very serious face, led them. Damrod and Bereg both bowed slightly to their Lord and stood to the side of the doorway, but both noticed there was something unusual going on. Then they noticed the statue. Watching the changing expression on their faces, Denethor had to fight his desire to burst out laughing again. "What can we do?" Haldar muttered. "Do we have time to stop them? Take them somewhere else?" Ingold and the delegation kept on with their solemn approach through the Citadel. There were some ten meters more before they'd reach the great hall. Bereg was biting his lower lip, and Damrod looked like he swallowed a living frog. They were both shaking with repressed laughter at the absurdity of the situation. Their faces, although still serious, had taken on a reddish colour. And then Denethor smiled to his dear, old counsellor and put a hand on his shoulder. "We will not take them anywhere else", he said soothingly and winked conspiratively. "Just leave everything to me." Haldar still did not look quite calmed... but at least, panic disappeared from his kindly face. About five meters more. Damrod and Bereg stared at some undefined points on the wide, vaulted ceiling, attempting to maintain their serious composure. It was bad acting, to be more accurate. Denethor winked to them too, stood at the entrance and put a warm and welcoming expression on his face. This meeting might not be completely boring... or at least its beginning wont be , he concluded, cheering inwardly in advance. -x-x-x- Boromir was looking at a book about Númenor and smiling frequently to himself. He was in a good mood. If anyone had discovered the statue, no one had yet started an investigation to find out the culprit. Of course, if anyone asked him about it, he would say that he had seen and heard nothing. Putting the book aside – he had only been looking, after all – he approached the window of his room and looked down. The rain had stopped! The whole terrace and around the