***DISCLAIMER*** All characters & background stories herein belong to the wonderful JKR and Warner Bros. Don't own don't sue! "You know, Gin," Hermione was clearly making an effort to ask this as off-handedly as possible, "a while back…you said that you all saw it coming. What did you mean?" A very pregnant Ginerva Potter broke into a sly smile, "it?" To her own dismay, Hermione's cheeks still could not resist a telling blush when she mumbled, "Draco. Draco and I." "Oh?" Ginny leisurely re-arranged the cushions under her sore hips, clearly in no rush to heed to the embarrassment of her friend. They were lounging away a rainy afternoon in Hermione's apartment, enjoying a muggle baking show that had somehow became one of the few cures to Ginny's bouts of foul mood in her last days leading up to the due date. Hermione's fingers were now wrapped tightly around the remote. "Answer the question," she deadpanned, assuming an air she usually reserved for apprehended criminals she interrogated at work, "or I will wipe this channel out for good." "You can't do that! There's no way —" "You just wait. Do not underestimate a muggle-born's mastery of muggle technology." Ginny grunted, casting a suspicious glance at Hermione's confident grasp on the remote. Finally, she decided that further teasing of her blush-easy friend was not worth risking the end of this heavenly muggle bake-off telly show. She simply adored the sharp-tongued wench who just had the perfect insult for every participant's pastry. "Well…", Ginny drew out the word, knowing that Hermione was dying for her to get to the actual sentence. "I just…sort of…had a hunch, you know. I didn't go through 'a string of boyfriends' at Hogwarts for nothing, as you guys like to remind me." A hunch? What Trelawney crap was this? "It was the small things, really," Ginny continued, in a smug tone that touted her discerning sense when it came to the matters of the heart, "He didn't care much for the rest of the group, you know, when he first became friends with Harry. But he made sure to show up every time he knew you'd be there." Hermione tried to focus her eyes on the golden pain au chocolat on the telly, though she could feel the heat on her cheeks creeping towards the back of her ears. "The thing that really drove it home for me, though," Ginny paused in suspense, clearly finding baiting the ever so level-headed Hermione even more entertaining than watching that shrewd harpy tearing apart every pastry chef's ego, "was the cinnamon apple pie incident." It was one of Draco's first dinners at the Burrow. He had arrived early that day, or rather, most of the Gryffindor crew were just routinely late. Mrs. Weasley was still busying through the finishing touches of the evening feast, and Ginny had shoved a broody Draco into the kitchen as free labor, so she could sneak upstairs with Harry before their rowdy flock of guests busted in. She was met with quite a sight when she sauntered back into the kitchen later that day: Draco Malfoy, cladded in one of Mrs. Weasley's lilac floral aprons that went quite nicely with his platinum hair, flour-dusted from head to toe, was pinching the fringes of a pie crust with a dainty pinkie up in the air. An overbearing Molly was hovering — not literally, with Draco being almost two heads taller and all — around his work station and muttering an incessant string of instructions that had set a rather constipated look on the blond's face. "No — not like that — you CAN'T use magic for this part, that's the secret — oh I don't know why you are so bent on making this cinnamon apple pie! Right, pinch it just like that — we are running out of time, for Merlin's sake! We should have just settled with a fruit salad —" Ginny snuck back out to the living room under the cover of her mother's increasingly shrill nagging; she knew better to let Mrs. Weasley spot a pair of idle hands in the house. Aha , Hermione could pinpoint just exactly which dinner Ginny was talking about. No wonder Mrs. Weasley's cinnamon apple pie was just slightly off that one time. On a side note, she also underlined "once attempted to bake a pie for me" on her ever lengthening mental notepad of Taunts for Draco — and the hypocrite had the audacity to remark that he feared ever being trapped on a barren island with her every time he saw her wolf down a cinnamon apple pie. "We thought he just really liked the pie, you know." Ginny mused, sounding almost sing-songy now. "Turned out that he barely took a bite when it came on the table, and you gobbled down almost half of that thing. Then I remembered the one dessert you love the most — the Achilles heel of a dentists' daughter —" "Look!" Hermione had suddenly piped up with a finger pointed at the TV, "It's your favorite judge! She's back on!" Grinning from ear to ear like a cheshire cat, Ginny slowly tore her gaze away from her scarlet friend who was struggling to contain a growing smile, a silly look that Ginny had, from first-hand experience, learned to be a surefire sign of happiness. "You know what, Hermione, I actually caught a whiff way before you two started casting moon eyes at each other — " "NO WE DID NOT —" "Point is," Dean said smugly, "I knew way — ahead" "How so?" Hermione asked suspiciously, feeling slightly on edge at that pleased look on Dean's face. "Quidditch." Dean concluded, as if the single word was naturally the answer to everything on this planet. It was one of the bi-weekly Potter Cups, only that Harry was out of town on an Auror mission that week, so Dean played seeker against Draco in Harry's place. Their team did not have much of a positive outlook, Dean being admittedly a less skilled seeker than Draco by a long stretch. "And you know how I caught the snitch?" Dean baited. Hermione merely rolled her eyes, bracing herself for another long-winded gloating Quidditch victory speech. "All thanks to you, Hermione." Dean grinned, "you were at the stands that day, keeping an eye on lil' Teddy because last time he almost got swept away by Angelina's broom — " Hermione fumbled through her memory. She had been assigned similar tasks so many times she could barely remember any specific day, what with Teddy's inexplicable — fine , perfectly explainable fixation on Quidditch, given that he spent more than half of his time at the Potters, it was probably only thanks to the word's impossible pronunciation that his first word was not the sport that made muggle F-1 races look tame in comparison. "— he was ahead of me by at least a broom, with that showy flip thing he liked to do —" Hermione's eyebrows furrowed together at her effort to recall any particular "flip thing" Draco enjoyed doing. She did indulge herself in quite of a bit of…harmless observation back in the day, before she felt entitled to appreciate every detail of his patrician good looks any second she liked; Draco liked to do all kinds of barmy things in the air, but like all things broomsticks-related, Quidditch terminology never failed to escape her like a house elf running away from her hand-knitted hats. Despite her enthusiasm for everything else magic, her subpar knowledge of the sport had not much improved, even with her Slytherin boyfriend's constant effort to swindle her into watching his matches with low, unmentionable means that set her earlobes aflame every time she thought of the topic. The lack of progress might have something with her attention usually being…well, rather more focused on Draco's person than whatever maneuver he was pulling. "— so he did the flip thing, which got him a good few feet closer to the Snitch, and then — then he looked at the stands, and just kinda lagged for a second — " Dean was clearly savoring a moment of tremendous pride, "And voilà! I caught up and snatched the gold lil' bugger." "The funny thing is, judging from that book in your lap, you probably wasn't watching any of his flashy moves at all." Hermione grinned despite her best efforts not to. This did sound a very Draco thing. A huge boyish ego and an incessant need to hog her attention, a very Draco thing indeed. "Do the bloke a favor and wear that yellow sundress more often, Hermione, he probably loves it more than that all the galleons in his vault combined." Hermione tried to shoot a glare at Dean, but she was really in too good of a mood for it to be anything vaguely effective. Hermione had realized that asking Lavender how she'd known had been the biggest insult to her intelligence to date. And she had realized that too late. "— oh you have NO idea — sometimes he would look at you with this dreamy look — emotions roving about in his silvers eyes like two swirls of unicorn tail —" "Lavender, I get it —" "And he would stand extra straight when you are around — boys do that, you know? It's an instinct thing, showing off their assets — " " — look, actually, I told Harry that I'd help him —" "Speaking of assets," Lavender beamed at Hermione, "that Mr. Malfoy of yours has got quite a cute little tush —" "Um, I really gotta — " Lavender seized Hermione by the elbow, "Ooooo, actually, Parvati and I had been dying to know this — does he have those sexy dimple things above his buttocks? He does, right? He looks like he would —" It had taken Hermione another 20 minutes and a dozen crimson-faced answers to various inquiries on Draco's anatomy to wrangle free from Lavender's death grip. She had run headlong into Draco when she scurried down the corridor, and she barely hesitated before cupping his face and plastering a loud smooch on his mouth. Draco had rewarded her with one of those smug I-know-I-am-irresitable smirks that made her humph at his oversized ego yet could not help but finding it incredibly endearing. He then proceeded to practically carry her upstairs, his fingers dangerously skirting the hem of her t-shirt throughout the quest for a dark corner. For once, she'd let him, even knowing that a quick snog at the Burrow was nothing short of an open invitation to unfortunate walk-ins. Words would be out soon that Draco had a little pink heart tattoo-ed on his left ankle (she had to give Lavender something juicy to salvage herself from the dreadful gossip-fest), and she deemed it fair to give the man a little treat before his world came crushing down. "Hermione, I knew about Draco and you before you guys told us." Luna had addressed Hermione in her signature dreamy voice. Hermione hummed in agreement, feeling relaxed in the knowledge that, for once, this conversation would not drag up some embarrassing personal memory that would cause her traitorous facial capillaries to dilate like it was a race to explosion. Luna would probably comment on something like their "aura", or tell her that a sprig of Nargles whispered the news in her ear. Well, turned out that she was wrong in thinking that she could ever predict what came out of the mouth of Luna Lovegood. In her soft, feathery voice, Luna had delivered something that hit Hermione harder than a peeves water balloon: "I saw you guys at Ginny and Harry's baby announcement party." Oh . Hermione worried her bottom lip in embarrassment, or maybe in an instinctual reflex upon the mentioning of the … fateful night. Hermione was not a romantic by nature, and had Merlin and she sat down for a