***DISCLAIMER*** All characters & background stories herein belong to the wonderful JKR and Warner Bros. Don't own don't sue! I. Nobody had seen this coming. "This" being Harry Potter, Draco Malfoy, Friends . Sometimes Hermione thought that they could have all been spared a whole lot of effort if Harry just held some friendly matches with the Death Eaters during the war, since apparently there was no grudge that some good community quidditch games cannot turn into brotherhood. Regardless, the rational Hermione Granger rationalized. After all, they did not fight a war to keep people on two separate sides. She personally could not pick out one single likable thing about Draco Malfoy if her life depended on it, but that did not mean he truly stank of evil or that Harry cannot be friends with whoever he pleased. She therefore felt the necessity to voice her support for Harry in this unlikely and much-frowned-upon (especially from Ron) friendship. He gave her one of the signature boy-who-gives-the-most-genuine-hugs hugs and she was in the middle of a smile that was supposed to embody the magnitude of their friendship, when Harry blurted out that if everyone could make peace with Crookshanks' aggressive gnawing, Draco would fit in just fine. Boy Who Always Ruins the Moment . She didn't know how Ginny put up with this dunce. II. She ran into Malfoy on her office floor on the next day. Move past the past, let bygones be bygones, it was years ago, he was a kid, for Harry's sake… After what might have been an eerily long period of concentrated mantra-meditation on her part and broody glaring on his, Hermione managed to squeeze out a tentative smile, almost feeling like a benign suburban mom who was grudgingly welcoming the neighborhood thug boy her son had inconceivably befriended. Though it probably just looked like she pressed her lips into a prim line, which she realized could come across as quite hostile, so she gingerly lifted up the corners of her mouth on an afterthought. She might have just achieved the most uncomfortable looking smile in human history. He merely tightened his jaw and strode away, taking unnecessary big steps as if he would have run at full force only to get away from her as soon as possible. Just what Harry saw in the git, she would never know. III. She soon realized that Malfoy had a problem. With her. He had sat at lunch with a couple of her friends at the ministry. He had met up with them on weekends, where he had been perfectly civil towards everyone and even shared a good laugh with Neville at a maybe-could-be-witty jibe on his behalf. Even Seamus, who had adamantly protested Malfoy's presence at first, had shown dangerous signs of leaning towards the dark side — no, Hermione, stop thinking about it like that — the ferret side, just the ferret side. Yet he had made a point to stay icy cold towards her. He barely even looked at her when he had to speak to her in what must had been moments of harrowing pain , and he practically knocked the pepper shaker in her direction when she politely asked for it during that one hogsmeade group dinner. At first she thought it must be that they had a particularly unpleasant history. Even in his general awfulness through their school years, he had always seemed somewhat… personal towards her. His insults for her had always seemed more pointed than what he had for the boys, and he had always make sure to one up the venom level when he turned his chilling stare to her. And of course there was that…physical confrontation in third year, which, she reminded herself with a smug smile she couldn't help, could probably make the top 10 proudest moments of her Hogwarts career. She kept telling herself that it was not something worth sweating over. She, for one, was under no obligations to befriend Malfoy; it was his loss that he could not move past his childish petulance. Yet it still stung. She felt a (very well justified) irritation sizzling in her chest whenever she had to be in the presence of his vexing silence. IV. "I actually don't mind him," her redheaded friend chirped in her usual upbeat voice as she not-so-carefully levitated two mugs from the cupboard, "he has changed quite a bit since school, you know." Hermione protested, "he still walks like he owns the bloody planet —" "And he can be quite funny, once you get used to that particular brand of dark humor." Ginny cut her off as she clunked the mugs on the kitchen table. Hermione tried not to wince at the loud noise. If only Ginny had diverted some of her efforts on perfecting her daunting hexes to performing levitation charms with a teeny bit more delicacy… "And you know, he's easy on the eyes." Hermione's eyebrows shot up in disbelief. "Wha —," she automatically opened her mouth, only to realize a second too late that she didn't seem confident of making a convincing case of her retort. Ginny, as ruthless as ever, bursted out laughing at the rare sight of Hermione Granger's gaping mouth failing to finish her own argument. V. Hermione did not think anyone could be easy on the eyes when they were trying to avoid her eyes like she was the Slytherin Basilisk. She stood in fuming anger by her office door as Malfoy made a victorious exit after another round of see-if-I-can-do-this-without-so-much-as-acknowledging-your-existence paper signing. She should take the Potters to St. Mungo to have their heads checked. Ginny might need a more extensive check-up — what was she on about? Look at those arrogant shoulders, that oh-so-majestic gait, that platinum blonde hair so blinding she wondered how it had not been marked an epilepsy hazard — she glared at his obnoxiously straight back until he disappeared down the corridor. VI. "Me? Jealous? Come on you boys, I know I am irreplaceable —" Hermione yelled in feigned offense, as Ron let out a hearty laugh while Harry shook his head at her pathetic attempt at the theatrics. The conversation had somehow drifted onto the topic of Malfoy again. They — the Gryffindors, Dumbledore's Army — are a group of people that had a clear sense of community, and it was no trivial matter to have an addition to the group, especially considering the controversial background and stiff pokerface of said addition. While there was definitely plenty of grudge, neither Ron or Hermione actually detested Malfoy past their schooldays animosity. Against all odds and common sense, the trio had, in fact, testified for Malfoy at his Wizengamot trial, their testimony prepared by none other but Hermione Granger herself, who in present-day, had just tried to make a point that just because Malfoy did not deserve to rot in Azkaban did not mean that he was anywhere close to a worthy friend. She had prepared the testimony because — this sounded absurd — because he reminded her of Buckbeak's case in their third year. She had worked hard to help Hagrid with the case back in their third year, and though they were able to save the hippogriff in the end, she had always harbored a secret guilt that her work had not been up to par in court despite Hagrid's less-than-optimal delivery. In a way, she reckoned that Malfoy had also lashed out under circumstances far beyond his own control — did not know better, did not realistically have the option of a better . It was really quite the bitter irony that he was put to trial in the conference of a post war Wizengamot bent on ringing in the new era with the sentencing of a barely-of-age wizard with a particularly press-worthy last name, and to think that just years before the same jury had been buttered up to execute a helpless magical creature with gold from a Gringotts vault bearing the same name. Unrelenting sense of justice or just not cold-blooded enough to cast aside the humanity of someone who she had suffered from but also practically grown up with, the thought of carting Malfoy off to Azkaban without presenting every last bit of the jigsaw did not sit well with Hermione. At the trial, she had presented to the jury how he had seemed reluctant in identifying them at Malfoy Manor, and Harry had even gone so far back as to mention that he had warned him and Ron — could have put it in nicer terms, admittedly — to keep her hidden when Voldemort sympathizers first gathered at the World Cup at the beginning of their fourth year. She remembered having looked at Malfoy after delivering her 10-minute-long testimony, who looked apathetic and fragilely proud in his tattered gray robes. His eyes had been there to hold her glance when she looked over, and she had felt something weighty born into her skull with the brittle composure in his steel-gray eyes. VII. For someone who took every opportunity to show off his aristocratic upbringing, it was truly a mystery how Malfoy never got the memo that there were more polite ways to look at people other than staring as if you want to drill holes in their skull. Hermione could not help but smiling a little at the thought, taking a small sip of the cider she had in her hand as she extended her legs on a bleacher in the Potters' backyard, where their old school pals have yet again gathered for some casual weekend catch-up, a perpetually glaring Malfoy in tow. She decided to save the comment as a clever jibe reserved for when Malfoy finally decided to speak to her. She would never admit to this — not on her deathbed — but Malfoy was a challenging conversationist and never let up his sharp edge of wit in any comeback. Of course she had only gathered that from overhearing him talk. Things had remained below frozen between Malfoy and her, with their most lengthy exchange capped off at three snappy sentences before he gave her one of those drilling looks, turned on his heels and probably charmed his robes to billow behind for dramatic effect. As much as she kept telling herself that she was by no means eager for Malfoy's friendship, Hermione had a curiosity and curiosity killed more than cats. She did not see herself as a particularly disagreeable person, and she saw no major flaw in her social skills. She had always taken pride in a versatile emotional range of a whole set of measurement cups, in fact, s he had even managed to break things off Ron with no major hiccup, moderating a gradual backing down and carrying out the talk at a most opportune moment. In most people's eyes, it probably looked like they just slipped back into a comfortable friendship. They had not even bothered to stage any kind of official announcement for their parted ways; the post-war lime light had driven Hermione into the habit of keeping things only to a circle of close friends. She loved Ron dearly, and she had panicked when she first came to the reluctant conclusion that she stopped feeling for him in that way after they settled into their post-war lives, where they were no longer an entity automatically bound by a world-saving mission that had both of their lives on the line. While they were perfectly capable of acting in unison in front of a life-threatening crisis, the chemistry between them had quickly run dry when adrenaline was no longer pumping through their blood vessels on a daily basis. It might have taken Ron a bit longer, but she knew he noticed it as much as she did. She had been tremendously grateful that their friendship emerged from the whole thing more or less intact, if a little wobbly in the immediate aftermath. But they are in