There they were, on the photo, under the comically glittering headline "Wizarding Britain's New Golden Couple". Skeeter's photography sidekick had been arranging them for almost half of the morning before he even got behind the camera; there was always an "issue with the light" or "ju—st a teensy bit to the right". The final photo featured a Hermione Granger with a diplomatic smile so thin that it looked like a flick of a quill could puff it off, while Draco sported his usual broody look. Three seconds into the photo, Hermione stole a look in Draco's direction and let slip a snicker, presumably at his unapologetic sulkiness, which in turn wavered the icy look on the blond's face. In the end, they just looked like a disgruntled but somewhat amused pair, which, oddly enough, Hermione thought , was basically how they functioned as a couple. Hermione turned to look at Draco, unsurprised to find his unrelenting glare at the photo. "It's not that bad," she chirped, in a rather good mood as she took another sip of her morning coffee. "You have a cowlick, though, here. " She squinted at the picture, pinning down her finger at an almost invisible filament of Draco's hair perking up just above his ear. "And you look like a cow just stomped all over your hair —" She laughed, basking in her inevitable victory as hair insults could never hurt her as much as they do him. She leaned over and took a bite of his toast, predictable prat . "You think you can just waltz into the room, insult my hair, and eat my toast — " "Hmm-mmm," Hermione took another vindictive bite of his toast, humming in satisfaction as the lightly salted butter washed over her tastebuds, "Yes, I do. I very do." Draco's supposedly angry glare faltered at her utterance of those few words she had declared just a few weeks ago, in a pristine white dress that had her acting all uncomfortable but looking heavenly nonetheless. And that look on her face — Is buttered toast really that good? Mad harpy. He humphed, yanking the harpy to settle on his lap, she shamelessly peppering the front of his robe with bread crumbs the whole time. Hermione fetched the Prophet from the table. It took her some fumbling to unfold it as one of her hands is still in possession of Draco's toast, while the bitter toast jackee made no attempt to help his loving wife in her struggle. She finally shook out the paper, eyes turning to the article under their photo that took up half of the front page. "Alright, let's just see what she had to say". We here at the Daily Prophet are honored to present you an intimate peak into the astonishing union of the new Malfoy couple, whose wedding last month had set a hallmark of the decorative grandiosity magic and wealth together can achieve… "Oh for Merlin's sake, it's not like we are spending the lunch money of some starving African children —" "Shhh—" Hermione raised a hand to stroke Draco's hair, determined to not get riled up too early, knowing the article, written by their beloved Rita Skeeter, surely had much worse in store. Draco would glare at her for days if she ever said this again, but he was a lot like Crookshanks in certain ways. A little petting went a long way. Today the much buzzed about couple sat in front of us, having cheerfully agreed — "Seriously —" "Those ministry propaganda hogs might as well have abducted us! Symbol of the harmonious new order in Wizarding Britain my ARSE — " Hermione sent Draco an admonishing glare that lacked any real fire. She was just glad that the bug lady was not yet privy to the foul mouth behind the dignified appearance of the Malfoy princeling. to an exclusive interview on their romantic journey. In contrast to Mr. Malfoy's devilish good looks — Hermione laughed and Draco narrowed his eyes menacingly. "Too bad she did not compliment your delicate lily petal skin —" "— not getting any donations from the Malfoy vaults this year — only I am allowed to comment on that unruly beast you call hair!" … While the couple claimed to have gotten together after the war, Hogwarts hallway sources had it that Mr. Malfoy had never missed a chance to tease the girl he liked back in the day… Hermione's eyes widened in disbelief, "What did we ever say to give her that idea?" "Well…she asked when was the first time we felt attracted to each other," Draco fidgeted in the chair, "and I did say that I thought you were pretty for exactly half of a second at the Yule Ball." "Wha—" "I was 14 and you wore a strategically fitted dress —" "You little perv —" "Hey! Not my face — you are ruining my devilish good looks — " Smack! "You don't admit to things like that to Rita Bleeding Skeeter — we are going to be snogging in a Hogwarts broomstick cupboard in the next sentence —" " Oh? That came out quite quickly — is it just a spur of the moment thing or have you always had a certain fantasy —" Whack! Hermione ignored his dramatic hissing and turned back to the article. … since the couple had trodden down distinctively different paths in the past — "— Did you, really?" Hermione blurted out the question despite her best efforts to reign it in. She felt laughable even asking — it did not make any difference that a 14 year old Draco Malfoy thought she was pretty for half a second, he was an insufferable little brat back then and they hated each other with a passion — "Fishing for compliments, are we?" He teased with a crooked smile, a look that she had gotten used to seeing but still could not help the increasing pace of her heartbeats. "Well…I never quite knew how to talk about this stuff — it took a while to notice under all those senseless baggy robes you inflicted upon yourself all the time, and there were days your hair was so big I couldn't even see your face properly — but I always got more entertaining comebacks from you than Potter and the Weasel, who mostly just grunted and shot flobberworms at themselves. It wasn't like I never thought about — but — well, you know, I didn't have much time to think about anything else after we acquired an in-house serial killer whose wand was constantly at my parents' pulse points." Hermione laughed softly, her chest warming at the piece of knowledge that her Hogwarts self would have been abhorred to find out. Funny how things turned out , she mused. "— well, there was also that busty covergirl on my dad's PlayWizard magazine when I was little. She also had quite the buckteeth — Ouch!" Hermione shot Draco one last seething glare, and Draco quickly guided their attention back to the article, probably sensing an upcoming lecture on his Slytherin tendency to ruin warm fuzzy moments if he ever saw any coming. … the inevitable suspicion of the marriage was in fact a carefully plotted union to restore the Malfoy reputation in the post-war political climate — " How dare she?! I am so filing a complaint —" Hermione turned to Draco, disheartened at finding him eerily quiet and with that tired, introspective look on his face. "Draco Malfoy, don't you dare for a second —" Draco is not a man with a lot of self-pity, in fact, most would rather accuse him of a brimming sense of confidence that amounted to annoyance more often than not. However, that didn't mean that he was not practical enough to own up to the fact that Hermione was the one making the sacrifices in associating with him. The post-war wizarding community, strewn with survivors mourning family members lost in the war against the side his family was on, were eager to celebrate the end of an era where blood-prejudiced pureblood families practically ruled the nation. They certainly did not take well to Draco Malfoy, generally perceived as a war criminal who fished his way out of Azkaban with blood-stained family money, putting a ring on the well-loved Muggle-born war heroine. They had had quite a few squabbles about this whole…reputation thing when they first started going out. The woman simply had a ridiculous sense of justice and an insufferable big bleeding heart that refused to put up with so much of a trace of guilt in his eyes. "It's just the same old stuff. It's not worth — " He said placatingly, tugging one of her little hands into his. "I decide what's worth my time and effort!" Hermione glowered at him, her usually warm chocolate eyes spitting fire in a way not unlike a 12-foot Chinese Fireball. He doubted if he would ever learn the words for this warm, tightening sensation in this chest no matter how many times he went through it. Blaise had laughed at him ruthlessly the one time he fumbled for a description in a rare attempt at a post-fire-whisky heart-to-heart. The truth was — he was certainly very, very well cared for when he was growing up — he was loved , no doubt, however questionable his parents' ethical values might have been. And there was certainly no lack of effort to protect him on his mother's part. However, he could not recall anyone else who…saw the good in him when even he himself could not, stood up for him, turned up her nose at an entire country for him, trusted him against the rest of the world, and once, when a Prophet cameraman snuck up on them during a grocery trip, threaded her fingers through his and held it up in the photographer's face. He loved her for many things. He loved her for her strength, her fire, her — it's going to take him at least a dozen of butter beers to ever say this out loud — selflessness and compassion. Tongue-tied at the embarrassing flush of emotion the woman never failed to set upon him, Draco squeezed her hand, probably a little too tightly. She did not wince, though, just flashed a big smile to mirror the tugging at the corner of his mouth. Barking mad with that big heart of hers, Draco thought, and made a mental note to make another anonymous donation to S.P.E.W once they are done reading this bloody stupid article. … our readership has also expressed unanimous curiosity regarding the budding stages of such an unlikely relationship, with many female readers citing the admirable physique and irresistible bad boy appeal of Mr. Malfoy as the most likely catalyst. We are pleased to unveil the mystery for you — the couple had first rekindled their childhood fire upon a chance encounter at the Magical Managerie on one fated Sunday morning — The couple broke out in joint laughter, even though it had taken Draco longer to fully appreciate the humor of the situation. They had, after endless harassing questions, grudgingly told Skeeter in as few words as possible that they had first spoken to each other at the Diagon Alley pet store after the war, when Hermione took Crookshanks there for a routine check-up. "It was quite difficult to notice that… admirable physique under all the owl droppings," Hermione barely made out the words amidst her laughter that sounded a little too hearty in Draco's opinion. "Only because your monster cat went ballistic and attacked half of the owls in the store!" "Hey! Don't say that — he knows when you talk bad of him! He was just excited — he just hadn't had any playmates for a while —" "—and he practically tried to claw my scalp off afterwards —" "That's NOT true —" The truth was, their "fated encounter"