The Most Fearsome Witch and the Worst News In England December 24, 2015 - Short note: First, as a long-time writer, but first-time fanfiction publisher I am incredibly excited to finally be sharing my work and to have the opportunity to receive feedback from an amazing community of authors. Second, if anyone happens to find grammatical errors (except for starting a sentence with 'and'—I do that knowingly), spelling errors, or canonical errors, I would really love to know—I understand the frustration of slogging through mistakes and want to make your journey hassle-free. Third, for any readers who stumble across this piece and are interested, I am looking for a beta reader. And lastly, I do solemnly swear that I am up to no good and also that I am most certainly not the dazzling J. K. Rowling. With that in place, please enjoy. January 10, 2005 Michael Clafton was an impressive sort of man. He always appeared well put together, stood a solid five foot eleven with an easy smile, and carried himself with an air of accomplishment. All of this came in handy, he had found, in his line of work: it was important as Minister for Magic to have an aura of assuredness and power—or at least enough to get what he wanted done. But seated at his desk this Monday morning, tiredly rubbing his eyes, he knew that none of this would make the slightest difference to the witch he was about to see. She was a front-runner for the most stubborn, pig-headed, and dedicated person he had ever had the misfortune to meet. Had they met under different circumstances, he thought he would have very much liked Hermione Granger, but over the scores of meetings, hundreds of hours of overtime, and thousands of letters she had inflicted upon him for the past two and a half years, any affection for the witch had far diminished. By her doing he wasn't home for dinner most nights, had to work Saturdays and Sundays, and dearly missed seeing his wife and daughter. He just wanted this nightmare to end: the bad publicity, the hearings, the unrelenting badgering. He just wanted Hermione Granger gone. Four years ago, when he'd been elected minister, he had been excited at the chance to lead a Wizarding World that was struggling to put itself back together. He was thirty-three, happily married, a new proud father, and was ready for anything. After twelve months spent tripping and stumbling as they tried to rebuild, losses from the Second Wizarding War still crippled the country; their numbers were continuing to decline and economic growth was at a standstill. The idea of a Marriage Law had been proposed to him then, dug up from some twelfth century ordinance and rewritten to remove the bits about human slavery. Six months later, he had signed off. At the time he'd had no idea of the hell that was in store for him and now he found himself wondering if he ever should have signed that cursed law at all. If he had known what was to come, would he still have scrawled his name on that parchment? June 18, 2002: "No, no, I'm sure that the Bulgarians would be happy to help, Monsieur Bouchard…yes, yes, after that whole Karkaroff scandal… yes, well…" he said into the phone, twirling his quill absentmindedly as the French Minister rattled on and on about international security precautions. From what he could discern, it seemed to be about background checks for apparition licenses, but he couldn't be sure. Suddenly there was a bang, and a frenzy of muffled shouts, thuds, and crashes erupted outside his door. Any semblance of concentration that he'd been able to muster before, vanished. Now, impatience and frustration furrowed his brow—he needed to end this pointless conversation to take care of whatever was going on outside. "Monsieur Bouchard," he said, fruitlessly trying to gain the other man's attention but the Frenchman plowed on undeterred, and he could only grit his teeth and wait politely for the diatribe to run its course. Oh, the things he put up with for the sake of international peace. "Yes, yes… ah, Monsieur Bouchard… oh, well, I'll get that taken care of… of course… yes, of course… yes, I will get back to you on that… uh-huh… yes, yes… well something's just come up… oh yes, very much… my apologies… yes, next Tuesday at eight thirty works just fine… yes, good day now Monsieur Bouchard." And the phone finally went dead with a click as he dropped it into the cradle. Loud footsteps thundered outside, coming closer and closer. "No! No you can't do that!" He heard Eleanor, his secretary, screech. Hermione Granger barged into his office at precisely 9:02 am; which he knew because she threw open his door with such force that the clock fell off his desk and broke. With eyes blazing, the sheer amount of uncontrolled magic caused her hair to crackle and spark and a golden aura to surround her; she looked the picture of the haloed Joan of Arc charging into battle. So this was her, the famous war hero, he thought. "Explain yourself." She ordered, brandishing that day's copy of the Daily Prophet at him, its headline loudly declaring: Ministry's New Marriage Law: Mandated Love? And, suddenly, he remembered that the press release had gone out that morning. But he never had the chance to respond as she raged on, pacing rapidly and gesticulating wildly. "What rubbish is this? This is absolutely preposterous! Asinine! Archaic! It's practically criminal! What the hell do you think you're doing, Minister?" Only then, did the witch pause in her bellowing to draw breath. He was stunned slightly speechless. "Do you know just how many different ways this atrocity violates people's rights? You can't control lives like this! You're a hypocrite, you know, for all your bloody talk of change, of not making the same mistakes again, you're acting just like Fudge would have: lying, manipulating, and controlling people to benefit some misguided greater good! " Her tone had turned cold and acidic, derision dripping from every emphasized syllable. "Laws like this were abolished three hundred years ago for good reason ! I – I cannot believe the Ministry is attempting to do something like this! And you, Minister! I promise you that I will fight the Ministry with everything I have! I will not let you hurt people like this! I. Am. Warning. You. Back. Off. Now." Hermione Granger finished in a deadly growl. Then she flung the newspaper on his desk and stormed out, slamming the door behind her, the lights flickering in her wake. For the next two and a half years, she would keep that promise day in and day out. Michael stared at the closed door for a minute, dumbstruck, and then, shaking his head, flipped over the paper to Ministry's New Marriage Law: Mandated Love? plastered across the front page in big black print, a copy of the law printed below it. He knew what it would say, he had read over those words hundreds of times. Whereas, the events of the Second Wizarding War were felt strongly by the English Magical community and; Whereas, in regards to such, there has been a significant blow struck to the Wizarding population of England such that eradication became a threat, and; Whereas, in years since no sufficient rebound of population growth has occurred so to recover from the loss of the II W.W. and; Whereas, all unmarried witches and wizards between the ages of 23 and 38 and of English nationality determined on the date of June 18, 2002 will be considered eligible and are lawfully required to adhere to the following. Therefore, let it be authorized: I. That every eligible witch and wizard shall be notified by the Ministry of Magic of their matched partner on the date of September 18, 2002 or upon the date of reaching eligibility. a) That all partners are to be determined through magical and biological tests conducted by the Department of Marriage and Family Stability. Tests will evaluate magical compatibility, intellectual compatibility, fertility compatibility, and magical potential of possible offspring. Partners will be assigned based on the highest overall compatibility. b) That matches may only be reassigned with a unanimous Wizengamot ruling. II. That a couple must legally marry within three months of the younger individual's above notification. a) That couples married prior to September 18, 2002 do not have to comply with Article II and couples where both individuals are ineligible at the time of marriage do not have to comply with Article II. III. That couples must meet with an assigned representative from the Department of Marriage and Family Stability to review and complete a marriage contract and all other marriage licensing paperwork. a) That couples married prior to September 18, 2002 and couples where both individuals are ineligible at the time of marriage do not have to comply with Article III. IV. That couples must meet with a Ministry of Magic appointed officiator for the exchange of vows and bonding ceremony. a) That couples married prior to September 18, 2002 and couples where both individuals are ineligible at the time of marriage do not have to comply with Article IV. V. That consummation must occur within twenty-four hours of marriage. VI. That couples must live together, share living quarters, and sleep in the same bed. a) That couples are subject to random checks from representatives of the Department of Marriage and Family Stability to verify that Article VI is being met. VII. That couples will live in the providing partner's place of residence. a) That the providing partner will be determined by a Ministry review of income, employment stability, and personal holdings. b) That couples may name the providing partner but the providing partner must prove a six month history of employment and a stable source of income. VIII. That divorce and annulment are illegal. IX. That within six months of marriage, conception must have occurred. a) That couples are required to report for bi-weekly appointments at St. Mungo's to track conception until pregnancy is verified. b) That couples married prior to September 18, 2002 must conceive within three months of September 18, 2002. c) That couples where both individuals are ineligible at the time of marriage must have conceived within six months of eligibility. d) That extensions will be given at Wizengamot discretion in the event of infertility and consequential treatment. e) That witches must provide sufficient medical proof of infertility. f) That wizards must provide proof of natural infertility or proof of spell damage. X. That the use of any form of birth control, contraception, or abortion is illegal. XI. That within nine years of marriage, three magically proficient children must have been born. a) That couples are required to report for monthly appointments at St. Mungo's to track pregnancy until three magically proficient children are produced. b) That couples married prior to September 18, 2002 have seven years from September 18, 2002 to produce a total of three magically proficient children. c) That couples where both individuals are ineligible at the time of marriage have eight years from date of eligibility to produce three magically proficient children. d) That a couple can be exempted by a majority Wizengamot ruling that sufficient medical evidence shows the witch's infertility or the wizard can prove natural infertility or show spell damage. e) That a couple will receive any and all appropriate medical services to remedy infertility, if possible. XII. That disobedience of any of the above articles can and will be punished with up to a three year sentence in Azkaban. He sighed and set the paper back down on his desk, vigorously rubbing at his temples in an effort to stave off the vicious headache that was threatening. Feeling slightly guilty and with memories of being an overworked Head Boy running through his mind, Michael Clafton slipped his wand