A/N: SO as always I don't own Twilight and I never will, I do own this plot thought Chapter one - someone else Bella's POV It was that time of year again, the time were tinsel hung from the walls and fire places, where lights twinkled everywhere you turned, and snow fell on the ground covering everything like a white blanket, Christmas eve, it was my favourite time of year. Or it used to be anyway. "Hey Bells," I slowly turned then to smile at my dad as he walked in to the front room, smiling as I placed the last gift under the tree. "Been doing that all day?" he kicked off his shoes before throwing himself on the sofa. "Yeah, just finished," I brushed off my knees as I stood feeling the dull ache that indicated just how long I was sitting on the floor for. "Looks great, take it you're seeing Edward tonight?" I wanted to roll my eyes, it didn't matter how much Edward apologised for leaving me, or how many times he tried to converse with my dad over fishing or football, nothing would get him back on 'team Edward'. "No actually, he and Carlisle are out of town visiting family until tomorrow, I am going to stay with Alice and Rose tonight though, they have a girls night planned." I was getting better at lying; since Edward came back it was like that's all I was doing, lying to both my friends and my family. "Oh, good," I knew what those words meant, I wasn't an idiot they meant that he was going to phone either the hospital to check if the story was true, or he was going to phone Esme, someone who my dad believed could never tell a lie. "Yeah," I nodded as I left the room and up to my bedroom already hearing him pick up the phone - throwing myself on my bed as I covered my face with my hands. I hated lying to my dad I hated how every time I wanted to see the Cullen's I had to lie but since he left and Charlie was left to pick up the pieces of my broken heart he hated when I saw him, especially when he believed I'd let him back into my life without even a question but that wasn't true, I hadn't forgiven Edward, I hadn't forgiven him for leaving me alone in those woods, hadn't forgiven him for telling me how worthless I was. In all honesty I wasn't even sure I loved him anymore, just knowing I loved his family and when they left that was the ache I felt, not for him but for them. I felt my eyes drift closed then, feeling the weight of the past few months weigh down on me, I was debating a nap when my phone buzzing told me differently Busy planning for tonight, Jasper will be picking you up, don't worry I checked and nothing will happen you're safe with him :) -A I giggled then as I felt a smile light my face whilst imagining the look on Edwards face when he realised that Jasper would be picking me up, he still didn't trust the blonde around me which made it harder for me to get to know him, and there was so much I wanted to learn. I was just about to text and ask her about the times when I felt it vibrate in my hands once more. An hour, wear something warm and not what you are now, that red dress on the fourth hanger would be great! But remember tights it's going to be cold. -A Sighing I stood from the bed as I made my way over to the bathroom. I hated when Alice would decide what I wore, I was planning on wearing the dress but that wasn't the point, I wanted the option on what I wore every day, instead I would receive either a text or a phone call which would then end with her telling me what she thought would look good on me that day. I shook it off though as I brushed my hair remembering when I used to love Christmas, used to love getting dressed up and looking pretty, but now? Well now Christmas didn't excite me as much as it should have. Still, I was going to try. So I took the straighteners that were still in the box and worked on my hair until it was straight, back combing it a little to give it a little bounce. Then I did something I have only ever done twice, I took out my make-up and applied a little mascara, and eyeliner on both the lids of my eyes and the bottom, the smallest bit of foundation, no blush everyone knew I wouldn't need it and finally I put on a smallest amount of pale pink lip gloss smiling as looked myself over feeling the slightest bit Christmassy. Checking the time I realised I had only ten minutes before Jasper would be here. I pulled the dress of the hangers as I slipped on a clean pair of underwear, before pulling the dress over my head, I had no time to check my appearance once more as I pulled on my tights and grabbed my small ankle boots putting them on before running down the stairs as I grabbing my bag just as there was a knock on the door. "I'll get it," I shouted as I ran to try and beat my dad to it, glancing in the living room realising I didn't have to worry as his eyes were fixed on the telly, guess he'd already confirmed my story. I pulled open the door then and smiled as Jasper stood waiting for me, his hands behind his back, his eyes glowing a bright gold and a smile on his face. "Hello Bella, ready to go?" the smallest hint of his southern accent slipping through. "Yeah, just let me grab my coat," I turned as I picked up the bag of presents for the family as well as my thick winters coat. "Hey dad I'm heading out, I'll see you tomorrow night," without turning he sent me a wave, a have fun and I left. "Here let me take that," he held out his hand to take the bag and I smiled in appreciation. I was so glad dad had already de-iced the pathway as I walked towards Jaspers car with ease, smiling once more as he opened the passenger's door for me before placing my bags into the boot. "Ready?" he asked as he slid into the front seat, smiling as he started the car. "Sure, but you're making it sound like I'm heading towards danger." I laughed as I settled into the soft leather seat. "Well, I know what Alice has planned for us all," it was his turn to laugh as my face dropped. "Don't look so scared Bella, I-we won't let anything happen to you, promise." in an instant I felt a wave of calm sweep over me and I relaxed further, maybe tonight wouldn't be so bad, god only knows what Alice has planned but I knew it'd be okay. "Thank you Jasper," I knew it was him making me feel so calm but I didn't care. I sighed then as I relaxed even further, feeling the heat of the car surround me, I was about to turn it down a little until I realised something. "Huh." "What?" He glanced my way. "Don't all you Cullen's like to go fast?" he was actually going the speed limit, something I wasn't used when being in a car with any of them. "You don't like it when we go to fast so why would I make you uncomfortable?" he shrugged like it wasn't a big deal and yet to me it was everything. "By the way I forgot to mention, you look beautiful." I felt my heart flutter a little at his words, and for the first time in, I can't even remember how long I felt genuinely happy. "It's been a long time since I felt that emotion from you Bella, it's nice to see I can make you feel that way." I didn't look at him as I felt my cheeks warm and the colour return, I was right with the blush and not wearing it, it already felt like I was red as tomato. We stayed silent for a little while then as we both stared out of the front window, I wanted to keep him talking, wanted to get to know him a little better in the short time we had alone, I wasn't even sure when that would next happen. "So how come Alice sent you to pick me up?" I saw from the corner of my eye his smile drop a little and knew I needed to backtrack. "Don't get me wrong Jasper I'm really glad you did, I mean we never get to talk and this is really nice, I was just wondering why? I mean Edward doesn't like it when we're in the same room and yet to be alone in a car? Isn't this difficult for you?" I knew I was rambling but this whole situation had me confused. "Difficult for me?" "I mean Edward always warns me that you don't like being in the same room as me because you're not in control, I was just wondering what makes this so different?" I watched as his hand began to grip tighter on the steering wheel and his eyes flash black momentarily. "He says I'm not in control around you?" his voice turned dark. "I'm sorry I didn't mean to upset you, I was just curious." I turned away from him as I felt guilt fill me, I knew I shouldn't have mentioned anything but it was something that always hurt my feeling, feeling like when I was there he couldn't because I made it so hard for him, then my birthday happened. "Bella?" I felt the car slow down a little as he pulled over to the side of the road before stopping it completely, "Bella look at me please?" I sighed as I turned towards him, seeing that he was more in control, his eyes were back to the honey gold I was used to instead of the black that sent a chill down me. "you shouldn't have to apologise cause there's nothing to be sorry about, that isn't the reason at all, it's just, how can I explain this?" it was his turn to sigh, "before your birthday it was hard for me a little I'll admit but they warned me away, told me you were afraid of me, I wouldn't have done anything I promise you that but it was best for me to stay away as not to tempt me, but then your birthday happened and things changed, it is a lot easier for me to be around you, I want to be around you so I volunteered tonight, not only for us to get to know each other a little better but for me to apologise for what happened in September." I just sat staring at him as he gazed back; I was shocked, why had they warned him away from me and tell him I was afraid of him? Suddenly anger filled me, a deep and powerful anger that had even him move back. "I'm sorry Bella, would you like me to call someone to come get you?" I heard a sadness in his voice that spiked my anger higher, he thought I was mad at him. "It's not you I'm mad at Jasper, it's them, I mean I've never been afraid of you, never, so why would they say that? Every time I would try and talk to you Edward would tell me you weren't in control and for me to