Nico was annoyed. Last week, after the whole Gaea thing, Will freaking Solace practically dragged him into the infirmary after having avoided it for two weeks, claiming he needed time to 'work on his social life' while staying equally unstable and occasionally walking through trees. So Will hadn't left him alone that much. Anytime he started to get all iffy, Will would be there with that nasty dirt gum. Soon enough, the two had become quite close friends. But when Nico walked through a table one morning, Will had yelled at him for delaying the infirmary and picked him up bridal style (after two attempts passing through his shadow arms). Five minutes and a wide range of Nico's colorful languages being spewed to all as he was carried, they arrived at the infirmary. And, to make it worse, the only hospital gown (Nico was not staying in that awful shirt) they had was covered in suns. Terrible. For the first two days, Nico was under a forced kinda-coma. After he woke up, will made him sit there for another three whole days. Nico was practically tethered to a bed while Will sat next to him the entire time (he left all of twice, claiming that the other Apollo kids would take care of the others and threatening to sing if Nico tried to get up). Nico tried about every excuse in the book, even a few accurately-named death glares, but nothing seemed to faze Will. Every attempt to do anything would result in a smirk from Will and "Get back in bed, Nico. DOCTORS ORDERS." Nico was about ready to send Will to the underworld if he said that one more time. Anyways, like Will promised, Nico was released back to normal activities Wednesday at lunch. It was the first time since the battle he had seen his friends, since Will was being an overprotective mother to him and wouldn't let Nico have any visitors. And as it turned out, they were playing capture the flag after dinner, and Nico was dead set on playing, much to Will and literally everyone else's chargin. Percy and Annabeth, the leaders of the team, begrudgingly set Nico off to hold the woods, off to the far side near Zeus's Fist. It wasn't much action, but it was movement, which was better than what he had gotten the past three days. He set off, in his usual black jeans and dark gray shirt, to the rock formation. It took about twenty minutes to reach, and Nico immediately set up camp. He had his practice dagger (made of celestial bronze. He didn't want any issues with the black blade and any souls) strapped to his thigh, and a light chest plate carelessly thrown over his shirt. Knowing nothing would be happening, he climbed up onto the top of the rocks to maybe enjoy the sun for a while. Laying back atop the highest rock, not having slept in a good week because he didn't want to wake anyone with his rather violent nightmares, he felt himself dozing off against his will. He was in that weird half dream half awake place when he was so kindly interrupted with a nightmare. He was falling into Tartarus. The ground came up so quickly, and right as he hit the floor of the pit, he jumped up onto his feet, whipped the dagger out, and was ready to fight what ungodly creature decide it would dare oppose the son of death. Well, that's what he liked to think was what happened. What really happened, though, was Nico snapped his eyes open, screamed, flailed, tried to jump up, landed awkwardly on his ankle, and fell off the boulder, landing on his arm, onto another rock. The crunch of his arm was the last thing he heard before he blacked out when his head bounced off the rock. mmmmmm The first time he came to, it was darkish, and someone was shaking his shoulders frantically, his arm was killing him, and he was on something hard. He tried to talk, but it came out as a rough "mmph." before he passed out again. Round two, he was on something soft. There was light from behind his eyelids, meaning he was probably brought into the infirmary. Great. His head still jumbled up words, but he could clearly hear three voices, one belonging to a girl, the other two were boys. He was still hurting; his ankle, head, and arm felt like they were twisting; but the pain had gone away a bit. He felt a poke on his leg, but couldn't respond because the darkness was pulling him into unconsciousness . The third time, it was dark in the infirmary. He didn't hear anything around him, so everyone was probably asleep. He managed to crack an eye open just barely and looked around, and found that the infirmary was completely empty. That's odd considering how they were playing capture the flag a few hours ago. Normally it's full the night afterwards. His ankle was barely a dull throb, and his arm only hurt a little. It was wrapped and splinted and from the bandages, it must have been bad. Nico slowly opened his eyes fully, letting them get used to the small glow from the lanterns. It was right about then when he noticed the form next to his bed. Said figure was also clutching his good hand, and was fast asleep, head on his arm, which was right next to Nico's stomach. Nico sat up a little, and immediately regretted it. His head was pounding, like he was getting whacked on the head with one of Leo's hammers with every heartbeat. The dizziness made him fall back onto the pillow. "Will." Nico whispered, voice hoarse and cracking. But will was still fast asleep. "Wiiiiill," Nico tried again. "Hey, Solace, you gonna get up?" His voice was barely a whisper, but it was rather loud in the almost empty infirmary. After two more failed attempts to wake the Apollo boy, Nico decided to just let him sleep. If the bags under his eyes said anything, it was that Will needed a bit of sleep. That's odd, though. They weren't there this morning. Nico, having nothing better to do, started to look at his surroundings. He was in a different room than he was used to, more medical things were in this room, compared to the other room, which only really just had a bed. There was a chair pulled up to his bedside, and Will was half draped across that and his bed. In this lighting, Will's slightly tanned face, with its perfect structures and God-like features, looked gorgeous. Nico shook his head, trying to expel the thought. Nico, you just got over Percy, don't throw yourself into another hopeless crush. But dammit, the more he sat alone with Will holding his hand, the more and more he started to really like Will. Ugh. Rule 1: never leave Nico alone in the infirmary with his thoughts. He'd probably end up either a mess from memories, or accidentally gaining a new crush. Neither good for his health. Nico felt himself blush, and looked out the window on the other side of the room. Will squeezing his hand drew back his attention to the boy in front of him. Will slowly picked his head up off the bed, and looked at their hands awkwardly intertwined, and Nico could swear he saw him smile. Not that Nico cared. He mumbled something about heart rate, and did a once over of Nico, and froze when he realized he was awake and staring at him. "Hey." Nico whispered, not sure if anyone else was in the infirmary. "Oh, uh, I uh, hi." Will mumbles, straightening himself out. Will looked adorable right then, with his curly hair a mess, a hand mark across his face from where his hand was when he was asleep. "I feel fine. Can I go now? Nobody else is still here." Nico asked plainly. Will, on the other hand, sat straight up, furrowed his brow, and shook his head, immediately awake. "Nice try, death boy, but you're not going anywhere." Nico let out probably the longest groan he'd ever heard. "Will. I just got out of here a few hours ago, and-" Will let out a huff of laughter and interrupted him. "Days." "What?" "Nico, you were unconscious for three days. You fell three nights ago." Will said slowly, subconsciously squeezing Nico's hand. "Oh." That news was enough to promptly shut him up, along with the fact that he was still holding hands with Will. Not that he really minded, honestly. Perfectly fine with him. Holding hands with a his cute overly-concerned friend. Wow, Nico thought. I must be all screwed up because I do not think like that. "What happened?" Nico asked, wondering how badly he was actually hurt. "Well, since you decided to nosedive off the pile of rocks, you-" "I didn't just jump off, Will, I'm not stupid." Nico interjected, pouting to try and and convince the obviously unconvinced son of Apollo to let him leave. "Then how, exactly, did you end up a crumpled bloody mess at the bottom of Zeus's Fist?" Will asked, with an unbelieving look, but Nico could tell that he was just concerned. Cute. Nico felt himself freeze. Knowing Will, if he mentioned his nightmares and insomnia from Tartarus and the PTSD that he has from his little vacation downstairs, Will would make him tell all, claiming some type of therapy. And Nico's communication skills with things that were alive weren't exactly at its peak. After a grumbled sigh and a few mutters insulting the infirmary, Nico looked up. "Listen, I needed to catch up on sleep. I had a nightmare, woke up, and lost my balance." "Well, sunshine, you wound up with a bone sticking through your arm, a sprain in your ankle that almost ripped through a ligament, and to top it off, you got a concussion. So, you're pretty much healed save a sore arm, but you're not leaving this bed for about twenty four more hours." Nico choked on the air he was breathing. " What? " "Yup. One more whole day. You better have gotten used to my face, death boy, because it's gonna be around every minute now that you're all broken." Was that even possible? Will had spent so much time by his bed, it felt like they knew so much about each just glared as Will not-so-subtly smirked. But after an intense stare off, Will's smirk turned into that cute frown he got when he was thinking. No. Not cute. Nico, you need to stop. "Wait. Nico, what do you mean you needed sleep? You slept fine for three nights straight before." Crap. Yeah, totally. More like three minutes of sleep. "I, uh, I did get three nights of sleep. I just needed to, uh, catch up on what sleep I had lost earlier." Nico wrung his fingers and looked away from Will, trying to keep the 'I'm totally lying' look off his face. But apparently, his attempts were futile. "Not buying it. You suck at lying, Nico. Did you actually fall off the rock from a nap?" Will said with an accusatory tone and barely there look of concern. Nio just rolled his eyes at Will's not really subtle implication. "Yes, Solace. If I was trying to kill myself like you're so convinced that I would try and do, I'd jump off a building, not a twenty foot tall rock formation." Nico deadpanned, getting slightly miffed at Will's unspoken accusation. Will opened his mouth to say something, but Nico cut him off with an incredulous look. "And before you deny it, yes, I know that's what you were thinking." Will didn't say anything for about ten seconds, all of which Nico kept his glare. "So you fell off the rock. But why did you need