A/N: Hi everyone, I have written many stories but this is the first I have posted. I hope you enjoy it. Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, proof that I don't it is the fact that Edward was Bella's mate. 01-Prologue Things have changed, Scylla noticed, as she walked through the entrance to the underworld. She had been summoned, for what purpose she did not know. All the other gods were no more, only Hades the god of the underworld remained. Her footsteps echoed through the caverns; she required no light, she knew her way well. Once the river Styx raged, now it was calm and tranquil, the mighty river is mighty no more. She saw a hooded figure on the ferry boat. Scylla expected Charon to be the ferryman, but was surprised to see Mnemosyne. "Scylla, so good to see you" The daughter of Gaia and Uranus, spoke to Scylla once she removed her hood. "It has been a very long time" Scylla was always taken aback by Mnemosyne's beauty. She was the mother of the 9 muses. "Come along now, time is short, we should be departing soon" Scylla hopped onto the ferry before Mnemosyne pushed off. As they sailed forth she looked around the underworld and noticed some of the rivers had vanished, becoming small puddles. The fire of Phlegeton has been extinguished, Lethe, the river of un-mindfulness was now a trickle. Out of the 10 rivers only the river Styx remained, but not for long. "Soon, this will all end" Mnemosyne spoke knowing Scylla was looking about. "What will happen now?" She questioned Mnemosyne wondering what will happen once the underworld had vanished. What will happen to the souls of the dead? "Humans do not worship the gods any longer, because of this we have no use" Mnemosyne gave one last powerful stroke to land the ferry at the other side of the river. Scylla jumped off and turned to say her farewell, only to notice that Mnemosyne was no longer there, the ferry and the river were also gone. Scylla took one deep breath and said a prayer for Mnemosyne, as well as those that had left the world. After some twist and turns Scylla made it to the entrance of Hades' throne room. Two large golden doors slowly swung open to allow her entrance. There on the throne sat the god of the underworld, Hades himself, next to him his lovely wife Persephone. "Welcome, Scylla" Persephone beckoned Scylla towards them with the wave of her hand. She walked closer to the throne and kneeled. "Rise Scylla, we don't have much time and much to tell you" Hades said before he stood and walked down the steps to her. Both Persephone and Hades walked through a rear archway out of the throne room, and Scylla followed, she had never been to this part of the underworld before. The tunnels were narrow, she could not help but to feel claustrophobic, but still yet she followed. "Our power is waning; soon we will no longer exist" Persephone spoke in a haunting voice. "All the gods have left parts of them as a gift to humanity." "What sort of gift goddess?" Scylla asked filled with curiosity. Persephone turned towards her, when they reached another set of golden doors and spoke. "You shall see child, it is glorious." she grabbed Scylla's hand and escorted her through the caverns, they stopped before to large ornate doors behind Hades. Hades waved his hand and the door slowly opened, and finally spoke. "The time has come for us to depart" Persephone and Scylla followed Hades as he walked into a large crypt. In there was a golden altar upon which a figure lay. Scylla was transfixed, the creature was beautiful, and she was mesmerized. Both Persephone and Hades walked around the altar facing Scylla on the other side. She looked at the creatures features. A figure of alabaster skin, shocking silver hair and eyebrows, the body was flawless. It seemed like an artist, whose hands were guided by the great muses of old had sculpted this being. Something about her scent stirred and tantalized her. Persephone chuckled "She is quite intoxicating is she not?" Persephone comment startled Scylla; she bowed her head and apologized. "No need to apologize child, that is her purpose" Hades commented with a smirk. "Her purpose?" Scylla finally tore her gaze away from the body before her. "She will rule in the gods' stead, when she is ready." Hades answers. "She is Hades' Flower" Persephone continued. "Her scent, her essence will attract others, like bees" "Hades' Flower" Kachiri whispered in reverence and looked back at the body on the altar. She noticed a double headed scythe. On one end a curved blade on it etched the word 'Cordis', Latin for heart. On the other end, another curved blade facing the opposite direction, the word 'Animus' Latin for soul. The rod had intricate etchings, each with a word from a gift from each god. They each gave Hades' flower the last of their essence, giving her such things as strength, wisdom, and courage. "The last of our power will be given to the scythe" Hades points to the red blade. "I will transfer all that I am to the 'Cordis Blade'" Persephone points at the icy blue blade "I will transfer all that I am to the 'Animus Blade'." "Then what, goddess?" Scylla asked Persephone. "Then she will awaken" was Persephone's answer. "One blade will be her heart" Hades adds "the other her soul." "You will watch over her" Persephone spoke on last time to Scylla. "Of course goddess" "Very well Scylla, be well" Hades lays his hand on the 'Cordis Blade'. "cor meum" Persephone placed her hand on the 'Animus' Blade "et animam" Both Persephone and Hades looked lovingly at the body on the altar and repeated together "tibi in aeternum et ultra" Scylla knew what the words meant 'My heart and my soul to you forever and ever' the blades of the scythe began to glow in brilliant crystalline blue sparks and red flowed through the staff, in a whirlwind of color. Scylla felt the heat as she stumbled backwards; her eyes shifted from the glowing scythe and looked upon the faces of the god and goddess. They both looked one last time and smiled at her, they began to fade away. In a shock wave she was thrown back and landed on ground. Scylla did not know how long she was on the ground she gingerly got up and stumbled toward the altar. She looked down at Hades' Flower and watched as the scythe dissolved slowly into the body before her. As it was absorbed the body began to glow. Once the scythe was gone, the Flower took one deep breath. Scylla leaned forward and once again began to feel the draw and the pull of the flower's scent. Like a magnet she got closer and was startled when the Flower opened her eyes. Scylla was astonished at what she saw, the same crystalline color of the scythe color be seen in the flower's eyes, a clear and sparkling blue and lighting in red. It had been millennia since Hades' Flower had awakened. She had killed many, walked alongside Scylla. Others also joined the ranks like Zafira, Senna and Kachiri There had been many wars along the way. The Flower had tracked a scent, the scent was different, and something she had not smelled before. It led her to an asylum outside Biloxi Mississippi. She stopped in her tracks when she heard something she could only describe as a siren's song from within the walls. She had never felt her heart beat the way it was beating at the moment. Each note vibrated through her and brought tears to her eyes. "Do you hear that?" The Flower turned to face Scylla as she spoke. "It is a siren's song" Scylla was perplexed, it had been millennia since she had heard the song of a siren, how could it be that the voice and tenor could be heard now. "Where is she going?" Zafira complained she wanted to move on; they were in route to the northwest, they had been assaults on the Quileute people and they were to exterminate such a threat. Senna and Kachiri had stayed behind and she missed them as well as their home. "She hears a siren's song" Scylla smiled, she knew that was Persephone's doing, to have the Flower have a mate. Zafira tried to follow The Flower as she walked towards the building only to be stopped, by Scylla "we will not follow". The Flower walked the halls of the asylum; most humans are not capable of seeing her. 'Mythological' creatures could, as well as humans on the precipice of death. She stopped in front of the door that separated her from the enchanted voice within. With her ability she was able to pass through the door and enter the small room. Then she saw the heavenly creature at the window. A beautiful siren with black spiky hair, her back was turned away from her, she closed her eyes absorbing the essence of the girl before her; somehow suddenly the song ceased. The flower was startled ' why did she stop singing?' "You came" the siren spoke as she turned to face her, surprising the Flower. "How?" how did the she know the Flower was there, humans are not supposed to see her. The girl smiled at her "I have had many visions of you coming to see me" "You are an oracle" The Flower took a couple of steps towards the girl. So surprising was the girl, not only was she a siren, but she was also a seer. "An oracle?" The girl tilted her head curiously. "Yes, a seer, someone that sees the future" the flower answered her as the girl sat on her bed with a smile. "Everyone has always considered me mad" "You are very special…" the Flower stopped she did not know the girl's name. "Mary Alice" she finished the Flower's sentence. "Mary Alice" the flower whispered, she felt a foreign feeling, something she had never felt before. She was drawn to Mary Alice, longed to touch her to be joined with her. She had so many questions before she could verbalize them the door to the room opened and a man, no a vampire entered. The Flower leapt off of the bed and pinned the vampire to the wall, ready to destroy the creature her hand wrapped around his throat. There was something foreign, the vampire's eyes were different, a gold color. His scent was the strange scent she had been tracking. "Don't hurt him" Mary Alice placed a gentle hand on the Flower's shoulder which made her relent as Mary Alice commanded. The vampire collapsed to the ground. The vampire slowly stood and straightened his shirt, he felt fear, never had he seen the creature before him. He smelled her intoxicating scent. "He has protected me, he would never harm me" Mary Alice spoke to the Flower in a soft voice. The Flower retreated and sat down by the bed, she looked at the Doctor "you are different" "Yes, I do not feed from humans, I feed off of animals" The doctor extended his hand for a hand shake "Doctor Cornelius" The flower took the doctor's hand to return the handshake, still silent. "Do you have a name?" The doctor asked curiously. "I do not" The flower answered "I am known as Hades' Flower" The doctor repeated the name, trying to ascertain what the flower was, trying to recall in his history if he had ever heard of her. "What are your intentions Doctor?" The flower needed to make sure Mary Alice was safe; she is not to be changed into a vampire, that she would have a long life, a long human life, without the curse of living a life as an