A/N: Here is my new offering, this will be more difficult to post than the last, I posted chapters quickly for 'Hades' Flower' this one will not be as fast. I have more freedom with this one it is not as complete as the last this one it is more experimental. It is a Bellice story thru and thru, but it has a past experiences with a human Esme, and Rosalie/Emmett vampire dalliances with an angel, who is not so angelic. The Rosalie/Emmett interactions are not in anyway described just talked about so don't worry if that is not your cup of tea, and there is no lemon regarding Esme whatsoever. ***Please I beg of you if you are offended by any characterization of religion that deviates from your strong beliefs, I am on my knees DO NOT READ, I do not mean to cause any offense whatsoever, I respect everyone beliefs religious ones as well as non-religious. What I have written in no way reflect my own spiritual beliefs*** Jeez that was one hell of an author's note sorry about that, on with the story. In the hierarchy of angels there are the Powers warrior angels created to be completely loyal to God, all except one. Bellice don't like do not read. OCC Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight, proof of that is that Alice and Bella were not mates in the books or movies, unfortunate, but true. 01. Prologue This was something she always enjoyed, stealing away in the night from the castle, sneaking away alone for a hunt. Not necessarily alone mind you, but with her trusty stallion Necromancer, a big strong steed a warhorse, black as a winter night, more ferocious than a mother bear protecting her cubs. It had been successful, the hunt, three rabbits gutted and skinned plenty for the cooking pot that bubbled as she stirred. She heard Necromancer neigh ready to be unbridled, to roam to hunt. He, like she was aware they were being watched, both knew by whom. "Easy boy, I know he is there" he bobbed his head and snorted, asking for permission to get the hell out of there "he is not that bad is he?" Necromancer snorted once again. She finished with his bindings, removed his bit and bridle, she rubbed his nose, granting him permission to do his bidding. She settled herself in front of the fire, in front of her now, ready to eat, rabbit stew. She grabbed her ladle and scooped the stew into her bowl. After taking the first delicious bite she leaned back against the boulder behind her and let out a sigh to release the tension; it was time to talk to the 'person' that had been lurking in the shadows "you can come out now". He made himself visible as he walked towards her, the fire light illuminated his face "I have been waiting for the beast to leave" he spoke as he sat across from her. They both heard the horse neigh in the distance. "Necromancer is no beast at all" she slurped a bit of stew as she spoke "a beautiful stallion, a gift from Lucifer himself". She chuckled at the look he gave her "it bothers you so much, Gabriel, does it?" she took another bite of stew in her mouth "that they vie for my attention, for me to serve either of them" she pointed her spoon at him "your god…" then into the distance "…and his". Gabrielle looked out to where she pointed "Azriel you may join us" Gabriel let out a heavy sigh he did not want to deal with him too; it was just not his day. Azriel approached the two, he had been watching, waiting. It was always interesting when her dealt with her he found her endearing in many ways, Gabriel, not so much. There were none like her, they were other Powers, but she was different, given the power that Lucifer had craved the one given to man, free will. "It is good to see you" he sat across from her next to a miffed Gabriel. She finished her stew and wiped the dribble off of her chin with the back of her hand "as always it is a pleasure to see you Azriel" she put her empty bowl down and stretched out in a relaxed position "so what brings you both here?" "We have come with a request" Gabriel was the first to speak. "Both of you?" She found it perplexing that both Lucifer and God sent them both to find her. It was always one or the other, this would be interesting. "I am afraid so" Gabriel hung his head dismayed "as you are well aware; no one is permitted to interfere with matters regarding man but you" As Gabriel spoke Azriel was giving lustful glances at the stew bubbling in the pot. How he wished he could dip a spoon in it and gobble it all up, unfortunately angels no matter what kind, dark or light were not given such pleasure. "Yes of that I am aware" she gave Azriel a look, it always made her chuckled at the way he drooled when near food, or beautiful women "that, however, does not answer my question" she spoke after she looked back at Gabriel. "There has been a plague that has run rampart through the Holy Church" Gabriel spoke forcefully wishing it was he, the warrior Archangel was permitted do the deed himself, but alas there were laws not ones that were meant to be broken "we request that you deal with the problem". "Why does Lucifer care what threatens the church?" She directed the question at Azriel, who jumped slightly; he had been so enthralled with the smells and sight of the stew that he had not listened up to that point. "This plague is not of a demonic variety" if it had been a demonic insurrection then he would have been commanded by Lucifer to deal with the issue "it is more of a human problem". "And as for recompense, what say you Gabriel?" Dealing with humans was not necessarily her cup of tea, too weak and frail. Gabriel mumbled a response "I did not hear you Gabriel" Gabriel sighed once again "a kingdom". She laughed at how disgusted he looked "I do not require an kingdom, I have many" Azriel quietly listened he had an ace up his sleeve but he would hold out, he liked watching Gabrielle flounder "Lucifer has provided me with plenty". "You do not understand" Gabriel itched to be the one to be send in to accomplish what God required, to him she should be jumping at the opportunity to serve. He never understood why she was created, why she was allowed to do as she pleased, and not serve the All Mighty dutifully, as it was decreed all Powers would. "No Gabriel you do not understand" she pointed behind her "look up there what do you see?" Gabrielle looked to where she pointed "a castle". "Yes Gabriel a castle, and I have many" she leaned forward resting her elbows on her knees "roaming through its halls there are bare chested and bare assed fillies, ripe to be consumed by me…" Gabrielle was at his breaking point "…there are also strong strapping stallions with tail feathers protruding from from their backside, dusting my lacquered table tops" she leaned back against the boulder behind her "do you think I am referring to horses Gabrielle?" Azriel snickered, Gabrielle shook his head, he did not want to speak else he would explode. She stood and called for Necromancer with a whistle "have you seen my helm or my Claymore, Gabrielle?" Gabrielle gave her a mumbled yes "and my armor, have you seen that?" he nodded "they are magnificent don't you think?" He had to agree, he had seen her in her armor before it was a sight to behold. The armor was as black as pitch, but shone bright, angelic markings where etched upon it in gold, mirroring the almost invisible tattoos on her body and face. Her helm was of Corinthian design, with a majestic shiny black plume running down its center. Her Claymore was also black same as her helm and armor it had gold markings, but when in battle the gold would turn to hellfire and flowed like ragging river through it. Necromancer appeared out of the woods "and then there is Necromancer" he neighed "my most treasured gift" she placed the saddle on his back and meticulously fastened the straps. "We have already offered you a gift" Gabriel panicked when he saw her climb atop her horse. "Azriel tell him how many gifts has your master given me?" She grabbed Necromancer's reigns ready to depart, she had no intention of engaging with humans. "Too many to count" Azriel answered grinning wider than he had when the conversation started, he could see fumes shooting out of Gabriel's ears. "And of those many gifts how many favors have I granted him?" she patted Necromancer's mane, she noticed he had been glaring at Gabriel as if he was rabbit stew, she needed him calm, the last time Gabriel was near him he bit a chunk out of his ass. "One or two" Gabriel looked between the two he did not understand how it was possible that she was given so much and done so little. She leaned back and settled herself comfortably on the saddle "so you see Gabriel, I get to choose" she took the reins and began to turn Necromancer make her leave. "You haven't heard everything yet" Azriel spoke ready to say his peace. "I was wondering when you would get to the good part Azriel" he had been entirely too quiet, other than answering questions he had been mum. "I was so amused by him here" he pointed with his thumb at Gabriel "that I forgot to mention that you will be able to participate in your favorite hobbies". She turned her horse back around "what hobbies?" Gabriel did not like what he was hearing. "Killing and fucking" Azriel answered the question with a smile. "Ahh the glory of killing and fucking" she sighed contentedly "keep talking". "The plague that sullies God's house are vampires" Azriel was giddy it was always a grand spectacle to watch when she was doing both of those things. "See Gabriel that is what you should have led with" now she was interested. "You will do this task because you get to kill and fu-f…fu" "Gabriel" she sighed in mock admonishment "you may not have a dick" she looked at him enjoying the sight of all the hues and colors the skin on his face were turning into "but you can use your tongue to say the word as well as to do the deed". Azriel lost all his decorum, he burst out laughing; he knew that wherever his Master as well as God where they were laughing together, he was not the only one that was entertained by her. This act had been going on for millennia, both God and Lucifer competing amicably against each other neither would interfere with man, but would have a Power, who would work as an intermediary, only if she was persuaded, and Azriel was a master of persuasion. "You know 'He' knows" she smirked at an annoyed Gabriel. "Of course he knows God knows all" he looked in her eyes trying to decipher where her statement was leading, he was nervous. "But your thoughts, your lustful sinful thoughts, you do know he is aware of those" she loved flustering Gabriel; she liked him she just wished he would loosen up. "I am an Archangel, I do not have sinful or lustful thoughts" Gabriel crossed his arms and lifted his chin proudly. "Gabriel even I know that when I am fucking you watch" he blinked furiously, he did not want to go there "that when I pleasure my