A/N: This is the first story I am publishing, just for something fun, light and easy to write, while I work on other more difficult topics. I am not using a beta for this fic, so the chapters might not be as polished as some of my other work. I'm really going for quick chapters to get my muse going. This story will alternate between Harry and Haley's perspectives, and I have a good plan for where the plot is leading. Summary: Mirrors are funny things. They show us what we are, what we were, and what we could have been. When Harry and Haley Potter look into the mirror and see each other, a connection is forged that will see their destinies intertwined. Self Reflection ooooOOOOooooOOOOoooo Chapter 1 This is a two-way mirror. I've got the other. If you need to speak to me, just say my name into it; you'll appear in my mirror and I'll be able to talk in yours. James and I used to use them when we were in separate detentions. Harry's heart began to race. He remembered seeing his dead parents in the Mirror of Erised four years ago. He was going to be able to talk to Sirius again, right now. He knew it. He looked around to make sure there was nobody else there; the dormitory was quite empty. He looked back at the mirror, raised it in front of his face with trembling hands and said with as much firmness and clarity as he could muster, "Sirius." His breath misted the surface of the glass, and he thought he saw the reflection flicker briefly. He held the mirror even closer, excitement flooding through him, but the eyes blinking black at him through the fog were definitely his own. He wiped the mirror clear again and shouted, "Sirius Black!" Every syllable rang through the room, and his voice echoed off the far wall. The mirror began to flicker again, this time repeatedly until he saw it go dark, the reflection behind him gone. He pulled the mirror close to his eyes, trying to make out the formless shapes in the image. As he got closer, he saw a pair of familiar emerald eyes staring back at him. He groaned inwardly when he realized it wasn't going to work. He was about to hurl the mirror back into his trunk when something unexpected happened. The eyes blinked. And he definitely hadn't blinked. A flash of white hot adrenaline shot through his body, and his heart pounded. He stared again, searching the mirror some sign of movement. That's when he noticed the strange, blackened streaks running down from the corners of the eyes in the mirror, and – What were those? Mascaraed eyelashes? "Hello?" he asked, tentative and wary. The voice that replied was decidedly feminine. "Sirius?" it asked. There was a desperate quality to the tone. He frowned. A girl? Why did some girl have Sirius's mirror? His mind raced to formulate a response. "Err, what?" he responded intelligently. There was a pause. "Sirius Black, is that you?" the female voice repeated, but the desperation had been replaced with confusion. "No, this is Harry," he said, still trying to figure out what was going on. She sounded young, around his same age. This wasn't making any sense. "Who are you? Why do you have Sirius' mirror?" the voice asked, now sounding suspicious. Harry was about to answer the question, when his survival instincts kicked in. It probably wasn't a good idea to be telling whoever was on the other side they were talking to The-Boy-Who-Lived. He studied the pair of eyes before him, trying to discern the girl's true intentions. Her eyes eyes darted back and forth impatiently, waiting for an answer. He couldn't help but notice the smear where mascara had run down her face from crying. "He gave it to me. Who are you?" Harry asked. There was another pause that stretched on for half a minute. "I'm Haley. Why would Sirius give his mirror to you?" the girl asked, annoyance evident in her tone. Harry scoffed indignantly, and in a moment of weakness his anger outweighed caution. "I don't know, why would Sirius give his only godson a two-way mirror to communicate with him?" The eyes widened in surprised, and then squeezed shut. This time the pause lasted even longer. Harry opened his mouth to speak, but the eyes finally reopened, and the voice followed moments later. "Is this a joke?" "Why would I joke about that?" "How is it possible that you're Sirius' godson?" she asked, irritation creeping into her voice again, but the question sounded genuine. Harry considered this. I guess it wasn't common knowledge that Sirius was my godfather; otherwise, she would have made the connection between that and my name. He was torn between answering truthfully and making up a lie. Eventually, the truth won out. The girl didn't seem to have nefarious intentions, and if Sirius gave her his mirror, she couldn't be all bad. "He and my dad were best mates in school, so my parents named him my godfather when I was born," he said. This time her widening eyes were accompanied by a sharp intake of breath. When she spoke, her voice shook with nervous anticipation. "No. That's… That's not possible." Her eyes squeezed shut again, and they were shining when they reopened. "Wh-what's your surname?" she stammered. Harry couldn't figure out why she was so worked up, but he decided telling her couldn't really put him in any more danger than he was already in. "Potter. I'm Harry Potter," he said. He heard a sob erupt from the other side of the mirror and the eyes disappeared. The sounds of Haley crying could be heard from the mirror, but there was no discernible image. He shifted uncomfortably from where he was sitting on the edge of his bed. He glanced around the room again to confirm it was empty. It was. When he brought the mirror back to his face, the eyes has returned. There were unshed tears threatening to overflow her lower lids. "Err, are you ok?" he asked awkwardly. "No. No, I'm not," she answered firmly, her voice thick with emotion. "Because either you're playing some sick, twisted joke on me," she said pausing for his response. "I'm not," he answered quickly. When she continued speaking, he could hear her jaw quivering as she held back tears, "or I've just received life-changing news. You see, my name is Haley Potter, and my parents were James and Lily Potter." Harry's mind reeled. "No.. You're lying," he barked angrily. This was despicable. There was no way it could be true. "It's true," she said. "No, how can that be? Explain to me how it's possible that I've never even heard of my own sister," he demanded. He tried to think back to everything he'd been told about his parents. He was an only child, and everybody he'd ever talked to had told him he was an only child. She must be wrong! "I… don't know," she said, defeated. He thought about what she'd said and how she'd said it. There was no way she was that good at acting. Her reactions were genuine. Could this be real? "Let me see you. Move the mirror back and let me see your face," he said, a lump forming in his throat. This time, it was his voiced full of emotion. "Ok, but you too," she said slowly. "Ok," he said. When he saw the face in the mirror begin to grow, he started to push his own mirror back from his face. He watched in awe as a small, narrow nose appeared along with thin, ginger eyebrows. A heart shaped face grew around her almond-shaped eyes, revealing full lips, swollen from crying. Wavy, auburn locks came into view framing her soft facial features and slender neck attractively. She looked exactly like his mother. They locked eyes and he saw his mother's eyes staring back at him. His eyes. He covered his mouth, and tried to prevent a sob from escaping. He felt as though he could see into her mind, reading her emotions just by reading the familiarity of her gaze. He watched her sniff and wipe the tears from her face. When she looked back at him, her eyes flicked up to his forehead and locked onto his scar. Suddenly, her breath hitched, and she started breathing so fast, he thought she might hyperventilate. "Oh Merlin," she said heavily, covering her mouth. He brought his hand up to touch the scar on his forehead. "Oh this, err well-" he started to explain, but she cut him off. "No, Harry. Look," she said. He watched perplexed as she reached up to her face and pulled back her fringe to reveal – Harry gasped. "Bloody hell!" He exclaimed in bemusement as he stared at the lightning bolt scar marring her forehead. "It can't be. That's impossible," he argued. At that, they both stared in stark amazement at one another's scars – the mark given to them by Lord Voldemort, a stain upon their very destinies. Harry threaded his hands through his hair, frustrated and confused. "What the fuck is happening!" he shouted, losing to gain is composure. They gazed at each other for a long time. He studied her face, and she studied his. Both trying to figure the other out. Only the occasional sniffle from Haley broke the awed silence. When Harry finally worked up the courage to speak, he looked her in the eyes and all he could manage was, "Haley Potter," as though trying it out for the first time, and indeed he was. Her chin lifted in some inexplicable emotion. "Harry Potter," she answered. Harry opened his mouth to speak, but then Haley turned her head sharply to the side, and she looked back at him, panic in her eyes. "Harry, I have to go. Use the mirror at exactly this time tomorrow," she said hurriedly. Harry glanced down at his watch, before returning his gaze to her eyes. "Ok. Bye Haley." "Bye Harry," she said, returning his gaze. It took him minute to realize the connection had ended and he was staring back into his own reflection. He continued looking into his own eyes wishing they were hers – and in a way, they were. ooooOOOOooooOOOOoooo Harry woke early the next morning the same way he had awoken the previous three, wishing that the events of last Thursday had been nothing more than a bad dream. Had it all just been a horrible nightmare? Had the battle in the Department of Mysteries just been a figment of his imagination? No, Harry had to face the reality of it all. Sirius was dead. He opened his eyes to the bright morning sun flooding into the 5th year Gryffindor boys' dormitory, and his heart sat heavy in his chest. As the last hazy vestiges of sleep cleared from his mind, Harry shut his eyes again and pulled his pillow out from under his head, stuffing it down over his face. He pulled it as tight as he could, so that he couldn't breathe, feeling like he might smother himself if he could. He held the pillow there, until his biceps and chest burned with equal strain. Just then, an errant thought caught his attention. The mirror. Haley! He sat bolt upright and tossed his pillow to the side inhaling deeply. He grabbed the mirror from his nightstand and stared into his reflection, trying to picture what she looked like. "Haley Potter," he tried. Nothing. He frowned to himself and checked his watch. Their meeting wasn't scheduled to occur for another nine hours. He set the mirror back down on his nightstand and flopped back into bed, letting his body rebound slightly from the force of his weight. He laid there, looking up at the four poster, trying to ignore the