Disclaimer: I didn't write Lord of the Rings . I also didn't invent the idea of a Secret Santa/Secret Gift Exchange. I just put them together, and this happened. Merry, Did You Know? It was a beautiful day in Rivendell. The sun provided some warmth to the early December weather. The birds sang and the clouds sailed overhead in a deep blue sky. Everything was perfect. Suddenly, the tranquility was shattered by the sound of two young Hobbits. "Elrond! Elrond!" Merry and Pippin came charging over the nearest hill. If anyone else had come running towards me that quickly, I would probably have assumed something had gone terribly wrong and they had been sent to find me because, somehow or another, I was the only one in all of Imladris who could make it right. The two young Hobbits, however, did not, at the moment, appear worried or panicked. In fact, they wore matching grins that seemed to stretch the full length of their faces. My first thought was that perhaps they had pulled some mischievous prank on one of my unsuspecting guests and were now seeking my protection. I was about to suggest that they ask Gandalf, instead, but Pippin spoke first. "Elrond … secret … idea … gift … Fellowship …" he gasped, either too out of breath or too excited to form his ideas properly. I turned to Merry for an explanation. "We were wondering," Merry translated, "if you could call the rest of the Fellowship together. We thought maybe they would enjoy a secret gift exchange." "Exactly," Pippin agreed. "I said that." I decided it was better not to point out that he had said nothing of the sort. "What, exactly, is a secret gift exchange?" They both stared at me for a moment, eyes wide open. It was the quietest Pippin had been since their arrival, so, naturally, I enjoyed it. Merry recovered first. "It's an old Hobbit custom," he explained. "A group of friends get together, and each of them writes his name on a piece of paper. Then they fold the papers up and put them into a hat or bowl or cup or whatever is handy. Each person draws a name out and makes a gift for that person. At the end of a week or a month or whatever they decide on ahead of time, they all get together, and someone distributes the gifts." I was surprised to have received such a thorough answer, but then I noticed that Merry was looking not at me, but off to the side. Gandalf was standing there, and had probably been miming the entire speech. "It's really quite fun," the wizard shrugged. "And perhaps it would encourage them to spend more time together, get to know each other a little better." He knew I couldn't argue with that. We had been trying to get them together ever since Frodo and the others had volunteered for the journey. But, so far, Hobbits mingled with Hobbits, Elves with Elves, Dwarves, with Dwarves. Boromir spent most of his time wandering aimlessly, restless, and Aragorn had recently returned with the other Rangers, bringing news of servants of the Enemy. Gandalf, as was his nature, found his way into every circle, but even he had been unable to bring them together. "Very well," I agreed. "If you can convince the others, I will oversee the exchange." Soon, the whole Fellowship was gathered, and Gandalf explained the idea. Frodo and Sam, as I'd expected, received the idea cheerfully. I believe Frodo would have welcomed anything that could distract him from the journey that lay ahead of him. Aragorn thought the idea over for a moment before nodding his consent. The others – Boromir, Legolas, and Gimli – were understandably more hesitant. They were strangers, for the most part, to the Hobbits and to each other. Boromir, however, was grateful for something to do, and soon agreed. Legolas and Gimli eyed each other suspiciously before finally agreeing. No doubt each was reluctant because of the risk of drawing the other's name. After all, what does a Dwarf make for an Elf? And what could an Elf possibly give to a Dwarf? Gandalf produced a quill pen and paper, which he tore into nine strips and distributed. When all their names had been written, I folded each strip twice. I was looking around for something to put them in when Gandalf removed his hat and held it out expectantly. I dropped the papers inside. Gandalf turned to Merry and Pippin. "This was your idea. Would you care to draw first?" Before he had even finished the invitation, Merry had reached in and drawn a name. He opened it excitedly, then folded it again just as quickly to shield it from Pippin's eyes. Merry was obviously no stranger to this game; he gave no indication of what he thought of his choice. Pippin quickly snatched a name from the hat, opened it, then flipped it so he could read the name properly. A mischievous grin came over his face as he folded it again and stuck it in his pocket. To my surprise, Boromir stepped up to draw next. After reading the name, however, he turned to Merry. "What happens if you draw your own name?" Merry shrugged. "Put it back and pick another one." Boromir folded the paper, dropped it back in the hat, then reached in again and unfolded his new piece. "My name again," he sighed as he folded it. He stuck it back in, shuffled the papers a little, and pulled out another one. Again he folded it and put it back in. At last, I realized what was happening. "Boromir," I sighed. "You can't just keep putting names back until you find one that you want." Boromir looked up, feigning surprise. "What?" I shook my head. "Show the next one to me. If it's your name, I'll keep it out, and you can pick another one. Otherwise, keep it this time." Knowing he'd been caught, he pulled out another one, unfolded it, and kept it without showing it to me. An exasperated sigh told me it was a name he had already drawn and returned to the hat. Gandalf drew next, and couldn't hide a smile as he read the name. Legolas, however, reacted with considerably less enthusiasm to the name he drew, and Gimli's face turned red with frustration when he read his. Frodo went next, and then Sam. Both were smiling as they read their papers. Aragorn drew the last one, nodded with satisfaction, and tucked it in a pocket. "Very well," I nodded, returning Gandalf's hat. "The day before you leave, come and place your presents in the Hall of Fire, wrapped in whatever you see fit, along with the paper you have just drawn. You will open them together that night." Everyone agreed, and they began to leave. At last, only Merry and Pippin remained. "Which one of you thought of this?" I asked with a smile. Pippin pointed to Merry. I nodded. "A fine idea, Meriadoc. A very fine idea, indeed." For the next few weeks, nearly everyone seemed occupied with their work. Merry and Pippin worked side by side in the garden. Merry wrote carefully in a book while Pippin fiddled with a large cloth and string. A few days after they had drawn names, Legolas happened across the two of them. He nodded approvingly at Merry but gazed questioningly at Pippin's work. Soon, he was seated by the younger Hobbit, offering advice, holding the cloth in place, thoroughly amused by the whole affair. Gandalf, meanwhile, had sought out Gimli for aid. He could probably have completed the project by himself, but he had taken a liking to the Dwarf. The two of them worked together, chiseling away at a block of stone. I was with Bilbo in the Hall of Fire when we were joined by Boromir, who approached Bilbo hesitantly. Bilbo smiled. "I suppose you want an idea for what to give one of the Hobbits. I heard about your little stunt." Boromir shook his head, smiling wryly. "My 'little stunt' didn't do me any good. I drew the same name four times, and it isn't one of the Hobbits." Bilbo smiled knowingly. "Be careful around wizards' hats, Boromir. But if you didn't draw one of the Hobbits' names, why come to me?" "I am not in need of ideas – only your expertise. Will you come with me?" They left together, and I saw them several times after in each other's company, Boromir with a large, thin book and a quill pen. It was enough to make anyone wonder, but I never got close enough to see what they were doing. Several days before they were to exchange gifts, I learned from Erestor that both Frodo and Sam had enlisted the help of the Elven smiths for their projects. Of Legolas and Gimli, however, I heard nothing. Legolas seemed content to help Pippin in his endeavor, and Gimli seldom strayed from Gandalf's side. Aragorn, as well, did not appear to be making anything elaborate, but that was not particularly surprising. On the twenty-fourth of December, I entered the Hall of Fire to find sacks of various sizes by the entrance, each with a piece of paper attached to the string. Several of the names were crumpled and nearly torn, but all nine gifts and all nine members of the Fellowship were present and accounted for. I took several deep breaths, hoping for the best, but prepared for the worst. "Who would like to open his gift first?" I asked at last. Pippin was practically jumping up and down. "I do! I do!" I sorted through the sacks until I saw one labeled Pippin . It was a rather small sack, but the Hobbit didn't seem to care. He reached in and pulled out an apple and a piece of paper. Anyone else would have been disappointed. But Pippin was beaming as he crunched a bite out of the apple and read the note: "I could say that you are like an apple, but it would not be true. Though apples are sweet and full of flavor, they last only a moment, it seems, before they rot and grow sour. But the flavor of your cheerfulness and your sweet innocence will last as long as you live. Time may weather them as the waves of the sand lap at the shore, but the shore remains, changed and yet unchanging. May your smiles remain as numerous and unchanging as the sands of the shore. Thank you, Pippin, for volunteering to make our dark journey a little brighter." Pippin looked up, confused, but not by the words. "Gandalf?" he asked. "Was this from you? Frodo? Legolas?" Each was a reasonable guess. Gandalf, after all, had supported Pippin in his decision to join the Fellowship. Frodo knew him well enough, and the description of the sea sounded distinctly Elven, even to Pippin's ears. But Frodo and Gandalf had both spent more time on their projects, with others' help. And the writer had clearly known the Hobbit long enough to make such observations. My gaze turned to Aragorn. He smiled and nodded slightly. "Would you like to go next, Aragorn?" asked Gandalf, who had reached the same conclusion. Aragorn said nothing, but did not object as I handed him his sack. The piece of paper that bore his name had been folded and unfolded many times, so that the word Aragorn was barely readable. But I do not believe he noticed. He simply untied the sack and removed a large, thin book. At last, I could see what was written on the cover: "Gondor: A Guide to Taverns, Inns, and Other Pleasures." Inside were enough maps to satisfy even the most inexperienced traveler, drawn with elaborate detail and accompanied by thorough descriptions. Aragorn met Boromir's gaze for a moment. "Thank you." There was no