Title: Faril Nin [My Huntress] Author: Codi Lyn { iluvobiwan91 Genre: Romance, Angst, Hurt/Comfort Rating: PG-13 – R (for descriptive battle scene/wounds) Pairing: Orophin/OFC [Gwaeron] Timeline: Begins before the Fellowship enters Lorien in Third Age 3018… concludes during Fourth Age 250 Chapter: 1/13 Chapter Summary: " What is it, Tar? Do you sense danger, or is it just thunder to the east?" She murmured softly to her dog, knowing that somehow he truly understood her words and their meaning. He didn't flinch as a rip of thunder roared overhead and she sighed. She had her answer. Author's Note: I don't know quite what season it is when the Fellowship are in Lorien, and so there are a few changes in time-flow versus how things played out in the movies. Follows movie-verse, but I make a few references to things that happened in the books. But little things like these I have the license to play with, as the author. J.R.R. Tolkien and Peter Jackson have rights to the important stuff, this story is written purely for pleasure. Chapter One A young woman hummed a gentle tune as she walked south between the river Anduin and the great forest of Mirkwood. She found herself within sight of both the Drimrill Dale and the woodland realm at present and thought happily that she was ahead of her schedule to arrive in Lorien. This being possible only thanks to a much briefer visit in King Thranduil's halls than she had anticipated. Apparently, she had missed her planned visit with his son by only a few days, as the Prince Legolas had an important message to deliver into Imladris. The monarch would not reveal to her what, instead making it clear she was not welcome for an over-long stay. "Forgive my son's absence, lady ranger. He would have enjoyed amusing himself with the adopted daughter of Elrond once more, as he seems oft to do." His tone was flat and delivered with a humorless smile. At least he had provided her accommodations for the night, though the next morning found her ushered none-too-gently on her way. She obliged him with a smirk, fully aware of the King's temperament toward those lesser— uninvited— beings that dared to make their presence known in his courts. Her gratitude was that his son had taken more after his Mother in the aspect of hospitality. Odd, she found herself thinking that night, that her friend should be traveling to where she had only just come, and still not to have seen him en route. But the thought was shrugged from her mind and she now patted the giant dog beside her on his noble head, smiling at the loyal companion she had enjoyed in him for several years. "You've never given me the cold shoulder, aye, Tar?" The blue shorthaired canine merely leaned into her hand and continued to pant merrily. Grinning, she pulled her hood over a dark braided head just as a light rain began to fall on them, the clouds o'erhead having threatened the storm all morning. Tar immediately ran forward and started to jump and prance about in the slow drizzle, attempting to catch each large droplet in his open maw. Gwaeron laughed delightedly and took off a fingerless glove to feel the fresh water splash upon bare skin. Rain had never ceased to make her smile. It seemed a comfort to know that Ulmo and Manwë were still comrades and cooperated in their workings. If the Valar could not get along, then what hope was there for Arda's lesser inhabitants? Suddenly Tar stopped dead in his tracks and let out a low growl, his body rigid as he faced the dark woods to their left. His mistress looked up to the animal and then to where his attention had come to focus. Swiftly, she put her glove back on and unhooked her bow to string it, drawing an arrow to nock at the ready. Gwaeron edged slowly toward the shadowed wood, the great dog matching her step for step in their advancement. " What is it, Tar? Do you sense danger, or is it just thunder to the east?" She murmured softly to her hound, knowing that somehow he truly understood her words and their meaning. He didn't flinch as a rip of thunder roared overhead and she sighed. There was her answer. They silently entered the dense forest, the rain muffling their movements as it sifted through layer upon layer of canopy above them. Her movements were cautious, more than aware of the treacherous traps Ungoliant's seed would set for their prey in the bulk of Mirkwood's land. Having been rescued by Legolas, and vice versa, on more than one occasion during previous visits to the realm, the lesson of caution was now permanently engraved in her. The already clouded light of day was lessened even more so upon entering the closeness of the trees, and Gwaeron's green eyes took their sweet time adjusting to it, she noted with annoyance. On guard, she turned sharply to her left at a rustling in the underbrush and Tar instantly took off headlong into it, barking uncharacteristically at the possible threat to his mistress. Falling to a squatting position with her arrow aimed at what lay beyond the shrubberies, the ranger waited for a signal from her canine partner. "Ah! Away ! Get you gone!" A male voice cried out difficultly in weak defense against her animal. She called out to the stranger. "Friend or foe! I have no time for interrogations!" Standing, she dropped her voice lower than normal and spoke with authority, stepping warily toward the individual through the bushes. "Friend! I am a friend! I have no means to harm and do not wish to!" His answer was frantic and Gwaeron relaxed her grip only slightly on the bowstring until she came through the brush to behold a terrified and beaten edhel. A small bundle he clutched protectively close to his chest while he tried to ward off her still-growling dog. Seeing him unarmed and backed –practically sagging- against a tree, she withdrew her arrow altogether and slung the bow over her shoulder, silently commanding Tar to leave him be. Her animal backed away reluctantly and sat poised on his haunches. Crouching before the elf who had now fallen to his knees, she questioned him, still with voice deepened and hood lowered to keep her gender obscured. "What do you do unarmed in the forests of Mirkwood?" The stranger attempted to catch his ragged breath and gave Tar a wary look before leaning toward her with the bundle of cloth. "I have not the time to tell you, for my hours are swiftly running dry. You must save my daughter." Gwaeron's eyes widened as he unfolded thin layers to reveal a pale elfling's sleeping face. Her bluish lips trembled from the cold and wet and the ranger put her fingers against the newborn's face, finding her as chilled as ice. With her hood now drawn back Gwaeron looked to the edhel briefly, stripping her gloves and tucking them into her belt before rubbing friction between her hands and pressing them to the child's face. "What ails her? Elvenkind do not contract disease or illness." She inquired and reasoned before glancing again to the gaunt elf leaning over his infant. He shook his head, eyes glazed, and told her plainly. "Evil affects all, even the Firstborn. My wife bore her in the dungeons of Dol Guldur and died soon after. The Valar blessed me to escape with my daughter, but I know not what afflicts her still." Gwaeron looked up at the elf in shock, never having seen or heard of an escape from the evil tower. Upon further scrutiny she realized his dreadful condition, his flight clearly not having come without great sacrifice. A dire wound stained his torso where his tunic now cradled the child; an insipidly pale countenance held eyes with no more the common brilliance of his race. His white hair clung to sodden flesh and framed a grief writ intricately upon the planes of his face. Wavering, — doubtless from great loss of blood—he stared hopelessly at the elfling, acknowledging naught else. "You need caring for as well. Your injuries are grave…" Gwaeron began, reaching out to support his shoulder, but was caught by a raw and nearly skeletal hand, his stern expression forcing her to recoil. "You will heal my daughter before anything. I am of no importance." Tar's soft growling could be heard over the continuous rainfall. She silenced the hound with a word, not daring to take her eyes from the elf's, whose intense gaze trained solely upon hers. Their intensity turned to pleading and he implored her again. "Save her." The hoarse whisper was nearly muted by another rumble of thunder that seemed to shake the ground, gently urging something to be done. Slowly, she nodded and was released from his grasp to be given the babe. Once situated in her arms, the ranger's cloak was utilized to protect the little one from increasingly moist air. "She needs the care of other elves. We can take her to Lothlorien…" He shook his head and leaned back against the tree he had collapsed by, grimacing as he placed a careful hand across his bruised and seeping abdomen, struggling to breathe deep enough. "No. You must take her there, alone. I haven not the strength and would only serve to slow your progress. No time can be wasted." Gwaeron pressed her lips in a dissatisfied line, ill content with the way things were playing out. "Nor can I simply leave you here with foes in the surrounding wood… and you are too weak to wield any weapon." He shook his head and looked at her sternly. "You will leave me here… You must take her to Lorien with all speed, else she fade. Whatever befalls me, it is Eru's will." The child stirred gently in her hold and the lady ranger glanced down upon her to see the babe snuggle against her leather-clad chest, still not rousing from the fevered slumber, which held her. Gwaeron looked up to see Tar gently nosing the fabric to see the elfling for himself. A solution presented itself, and she scratched the fur on his withers. "I will leave Tar with you, then. He will protect your life with his. You will find there is none braver than perhaps Huan, himself." The elf's damaged hand laid upon the dog's head and Tar stepped closer to sit beside his new charge, satisfying the ranger. She stood to her full height, adjusting the infant in her grasp, and told him firmly. "I promise, I will come back. Do not move from here and I shall find you the more swiftly." Receiving a small nod in answer, Gwaeron pulled her hood down once more and turned to make hastily on her way. The rain continued for an aching eternity, soaking the lady ranger through till she trembled. A frown came to her face every few moments when she checked on the still baby, her fingers gratefully finding a weak beat each time she checked for pulse. It took coaxing, but she managed to feed the little one a pulp of crushed calming herb, allowing a more peaceful rest, though the fever continued. Winds had picked up now that the storm was thicker and blew rain at their back, frantically urging her to keep moving until they made it. Gwaeron began to talk with the babe as she trudged on, attempting to keep both herself and the child warmer with the exertion. "I imagine your mother was beautiful, Véredhiel. Your eyes are so much brighter than your father's, so very blue… like the sky above this thick veil of cloud, I'm certain of it." As there had been no names given from the escaped elf for he and his daughter, the woman had begun calling