AN: So, I'm back on FF. Hopefully, I can finish this story! I'll be posting two chapters tonight, because the first is mostly just explanation. I love feedback! Hope you enjoy. Chapter 1: A Whole New world Ah. There's nothing like the smoggy air of New York. I don't know if it's the bustling businessmen scurrying throughout the crosswalks or the loud blazing horns of the taxis as they shout expletives out the windows to the "oblivious jackass" ahead – but something about this city is exotic. I mean it sure beats dusty old Virginia. "Well are you going to pay me or what?" the taxi driver barks at me in a thick accent. He goes on to mutter some other comments in his language and I'm tempted to ask him what he's saying, but the visual of the brown, nearly dilapidated apartments confirms that I have reached my destination. "Oh," is all I can say. I reach into my pockets to pull out the seventy-eight dollars and forty-two cents the cabbie had to repeat two times. In the end he just pointed to the number blinking on pay meter. "Thanks." I attempt to pull my suitcases from the seats with a strenuous tug, no thanks from the cabbie. It takes more yanks than necessary, but they finally emerge from the seat and onto the concrete. I fix the hair that has fallen out of place and sigh, cracking my back. Looking at the front door, I feeling a wave of anxiety begin to crash down on me. It arrives out of nowhere, the severity of all I'd done suddenly weighing on my shoulders like a hunch on Quasimodo. I thought that it would be gone, the panic attacks, the seizures – the everything. I thought it would have disappeared the moment I'd stepped off the plane. And it had. I'd been doing so well, right up until now. I can feel the sweat gathering at the nape of my neck, and I briefly consider going back to the airport. No , I think. I know that I did not fly 348 miles, change my name and practically everything about me just to be right back where I started, scared old Isabella. I am not her. I am no longer shy and small-town Isabella. I'm not the self-conscious girl that cowered in her room. I am not the Isabella that is afraid of her own skin – and I definitely am not the Isabella that followed her parents every order. No. After the seven and a half month planning process, I am now the twenty-three year old, independent Bella. I am sophisticated and head strong. I am beautiful and self-righteous. And even though deep down, I don't believe any of that, I force myself to act like I do. Like I am someone special – like I am Bella. The name isn't a far cry from my birth name, but, hey, it's a start. I hasten myself to take the seven deep breaths Dr. Hale suggested I do when I begin to feel overwhelmed. Adjusting my gray hoodie and tightening my hold on my luggage, I walk towards the door. Within seconds my wrists start burning from the weight I'm pulling. I stumble inside. "Ouch!" I cry, when my suitcase rolls over my toe. "Crap." I slide into the closest sitting contraption I can find – a folding chair. I sigh and look up at the room I'm in. It's dimly lit with a couple of lights hanging from the ceiling, making the color of the brown walls appear burgundy. The room is rectangular and the left side is aligned with chairs, some fold ups and somewhat look like footstools. The room has two wide windows on the left, both of which are tinted and shut, making the air sultry inside. "Can I help you?" The right side of the room however, has no windows. There are three doors that have signs hanging up: custodial, utilities and boiler. Directly across from the door I entered is a staircase, one leading up and one leading down. Next to the staircase is a large painting of a forest. "Miss?" I feel a grin stretching out my face. I've done it. I have made it to the one place I want to be, New York. I have never worked so hard for something in my life. After the tears and the arguing and the panic attacks, I have finally made it. I no longer feel the weight of apprehension on my shoulders. I don't feel the need to pop a Valium or any of the other prescription drugs stored in my travel case. I am utterly amazed with myself, especially the fact that I haven't been hospitalized through the whole adventure. "Yoo-hoo, anyone there?" I snap out of my reverie to face an older man standing behind a wide circular desk in the center of the room. I am surprised I'd missed it. "Oh, uh yeah," I mumble, "Yes." My cheeks start to heat but I walk towards the desk with a smile. "Uh, my name is Bella. I called in a few months ago about an apartment. I spoke to a woman named Kate?" the man spins around to a buzzing computer and types some things in. "Bella Swan, correct?" I nod, tugging my wallet out and showing him my identification. He nods, creases etching themselves on his forehead. He adjusted the little, round spectacles sitting on his nose and peers at the computer. "Ah yes, Bella. Your furniture arrived some months ago and is settled into your apartment. I see you've paid your rent in advance so you're covered for the next three months." He goes through some drawers before he pulls out a single brass key. "Room 28, follow the stairs up, it should be to your left." He places the key in my hand with a small smile. I blink. "That's it?" I am taken aback as to how easy this is. The old man smiles again, his face warming and cheeks turning red. "Little lady, you've already completed the paperwork, mailed in everything, right?" I nod. "Then that's all. If you need anything, office hours are from ten to five, Monday through Friday. Feel free to stop by. Oh!" he reaches into another drawer, producing another key. "This is for the entry door. Don't forget to lock it after you enter, we don't have a security system and we don't like being robbed, so if you could do that we'd be very grateful." He hands me the key. "The manual should be on your kitchen counter, you can consult that or your neighbors if need be." I look at the old man and smile. "Thank you," I say, my country accent sounding thicker than ever. "You're not from around here, are you?" he raises an eyebrow at me. I duck my head and blush. "Oh no, I'm from Virginia." "Phew!" he gasp. "That's a mighty long way to travel! You here by yourself, little lady?" he has a great bellowing voice. It is enthusiastic and makes me smile. "Please, call me Bella. And yes, I'm taking up a photography job at H&B Imagery." I gush. "You take photos?" he assesses me, looking me up and down. His ocher eyes are full of knowledge and comforting. "Yes sir, I'm a photographer." I smile. "Small world!" he laughs. "Turns out that your neighbor does photography also. Handsome boy, keeps to himself though." All I can think of to do is nod. I turn back to gather my suitcases and begin to make my way to the expansive stairs when I stop. "Thank you, uhh . . ." I stammer. He laughs. "Call me Garrett." "Thank you Mr. Garrett." I say with a small smile. I may have changed a lot of things about me, but my manners are one of the things I didn't. "You're welcome, Bella, good luck with the job and all." I reach the stairs and look up, my eyes nearly bursting from their sockets as I took in the endless flight of stairs that seem to reach out to heaven. I couldn't help but mindlessly think of how helpful an elevator would be at the moment, and desperately prayed that I wouldn't have one of my episodes on this hellish mountain. I take another seven deep, soothing breaths before I begin to climb this behemoth. I can practically feel my biceps growing as I pull my bags up the stairs behind me. I again absently thought of an elevator, but then wondered if I should ask Mr. Garrett for his help, but almost immediately decided against it. ' I can do it' , I tell myself. I didn't need help. I can't allow myself to rely on others when things seemed tough. I have had enough of that from my parents. I have had enough of their scrutinizing, overprotectiveness and their pity, that's why I came here; to prove not only to them, but to myself that I am capable of surviving and taking care of myself. But, instead of thinking of all that and the perilous stairs, I try to busy myself with musing about all the adventures I'll have in New York. When I finally find the corridor with my number on a tag by the door, I can't help the grin, thinking: this is it, the end to a new beginning. I sigh and let my heart slow down and take even breaths. I open the door — my door! I laugh to myself, filling the flat with happiness. I made it. {~'~} I have to go shopping. This meager amount of clothes I'd brought is not going to last me very long. I notice this as I unpack my suitcases and neatly place my clothes in the mahogany dresser in my bedroom. Clearly the shopping spree I'd gone on is not going to appease the New York weather. And aside from the fashionable hoodies and designer skinny jeans, I'd need a countless number of underwear, jackets, scarves, etc… to better equip me to the arctic climate. Not only do I need to buy clothes, but I also need food. Unless I am going to feast upon my medication, I'd have to find the nearest Cost-Co. My phone rings as I contemplate calling out for food, the sound echoes in my small room like footsteps in an alley. And it is really that precarious to me because a phone call is the last thing I want to deal with on an empty stomach. It frightens me more than it ought to, it is just a phone after all, but perhaps the Jaws themed ringtone makes it worse. I'd have to change that. I almost consider letting it ring, but I think I owe him that much to tell him I'd landed safely and everything. I reluctantly grab my phone and answer it. Before I can even utter a formal greeting, he beats me to it. "Oh my goodness, thank god you picked up! You are supposed to call us Isabella! Your mother almost have a heart attack when you didn't call us like you promised. The plane arrived precisely at 3:09, Isabella! That is almost 5 hours ago! Your mother has been worrying that you have an attack or something! What are you thinking? are you even thinking? Huh? Talk Isabella!" I pull the phone away from my ears the moment he starts shouting. His voice is loud and coarse as he yells, and I can almost see the spit coming out of his mouth as he enunciated every word. I should hang up. I wanted too. "Dad —" I start. "Look, Isabella, I don't know what little phase you're going through, but it better end soon. God, just to think of you out there in that enormous city by yourself . . . what if you have another attack or a seizure?