"Now little ones what we have told you is very important so you need to remember." She said looking watching the twins on the chair across from her. "Mother we won't forget." The small girl said her blonde almost silver hair swinging as she bounced in her seat. "I promise mother we won't forget." The small boy said watching his twin bounce and shaking his head. "Good. We don't want you to forget this all when you're older." Their father said as he twirled his cane around in his hand. "We won't." The curtains were ripped open bathing the room in sunlight. A groan was heard from beneath the covers as the head disappeared under the quilt. Someone made a clicking noise with their tongue as the guilt was ripped from the bed. "Lana wake up now." Her mother said sharply before draping the quilt over the bottom of the bed. Sighing as Lana pulled the quilt back up to her head, Narcissa walked across the hall to her son's room. She quietly tapped on the door before pushing it open. "Dragon its time to wake up." A quiet groan sounded from beneath the covers before they were thrown off and landed in a heap on the floor. "Morning mother." He muttered running a hand through his hair. "Breakfast is downstairs. Come get it when you are ready." Narcissa said before quietly closing the door. He ran a hand over his face before standing and stretching. He walked over to his bathroom and turned the shower on. Across the hall Lana pushed her covers off and ran her fingers through her curls. She sighed and walked into her bathroom with a slight limp. She turned the shower on and stepped in. The hot water spilt down her back and ran over the fading bruises and scratches. She turned the shower off and wrapped a towel around herself. "Lana you up?" Draco shouted through the door as she pulled a top over her head. She pulled the door open before walking back to her dressing table. Draco leant against her desk watching as she applied make-up to her fading black eye. "Does it still hurt?" He asked softly as she winced pressing onto the bruise on her jaw. "What do you think?" She said before pulling her top back up to cover the scar on the base of her neck. "Dragon! Come on." Narcissa called from downstairs. Lana sighed as Draco stood up and brushed the invisible dirt from his pants. "Come on then. Let's get this over and done with." Lana said before standing and walking out of her room. Draco smirked as he followed his twin into the kitchen. His mother smiled as he came in and pulled out the chair next to her. Lana sighed and pulled out the chair opposite her mother. "Now your father gets back later on today and we need to speak to you two." Narcissa said watching the twins. Lana picked at her food as Draco talked to his mother about going back to Hogwarts. Draco had received a letter a few days ago saying he had been given the job as head boy for his final year at school. "You do have all of your things for school don't you Dragon?" Narcissa asked Draco watching Lana out of the corner of her eye. "Yes mother we made sure the other day." "Good. Now let's get this cleared up and then we can wait for you father." Narcissa clicked her fingers and a house elf appeared and bowed so low its long nose touched the floor. "How can Tinky help ma'am?" The elf said standing back up. "Clear the table Tinky and then make a cup of tea once Lucius has arrived." She said standing and brushing her skirt. The elf nodded before taking the plates from the table. With a small pop the elf disappeared and Narcissa pushed her chair back under the table before walking out of the kitchen. Lana sighed and placed her head on her arms. Draco placed his hand on her arm before standing and walking out of the kitchen after his mother. He walked into the library and found his mother looking through the books on the shelf. She turned around and saw Draco. "Hello Dragon. Can I help you?" She asked before turning back to the bookshelves. "Don't you care?" "What? Of course I care about you Dragon. What's brought this on?" "You don't seem to care about Lana. She hasn't been eating. She's covered in bruises and since we found her you've been acting as if you hate her." "I don't hate her. I know about her injuries but there's nothing I can do about them." Narcissa said watching her son as he glared at her. "You could say you care about her. You could say that you're sorry you didn't look for her yourself." "It's not our fault we didn't find her straight away." "You didn't even try and look for her the first few weeks. So I think that makes it your fault." Draco said before walking out of the library. Narcissa sighed before turning back to the shelf. She pulled a few books down and walked out closing the door behind her. Lana lifted her head off the table as Draco sat down next to her. Draco smiled before looking away. "Drake what's up?" She asked placing a hand on his arm. "Nothing." He said looking at his hands in his lap. "It's not nothing, Drake I know you. What's up?" "I just had a fight with mother." Draco said finally looking at his twin. "What about?" She asked watching her brother with concern. "You and how she doesn't care about you." Lana sighed and moved her chair next to his and rested her head on his shoulder. "She said she does but she's made it clear she doesn't care. What are we going to do?" "I don't know. But Drake what ever we do we do it together." "I know Lana. I'm not losing you again." A house elf appeared with a small pop, "Master Lucius is home." The elf said bowing. "Thank you Winky." The elf bowed once more then disappeared with a pop. "Come on we best go say hello to father." Draco said standing and pulling Lana up with him. Lana sighed and walked out of the kitchen followed by Draco. They walked down the hall and pushed the living room door open. Lucius stood as they entered his eyes watching his daughter as she tried to hide her limp. He ran his eyes over the visible bruises on her neck and arms. He sighed as she nervously tugged at her top to try to conceal the injuries. "Hello father." Draco said watching to two as he sat down. "Hello Draco, Lana." Lana shuffled in her seat watching her parents warily. Narcissa focused on her son while Lucius continued to watch Lana. "So... what did you want to talk to us about?" Draco said breaking the silence. "We need to see if you have remembered something we told you a long time ago." Narcissa said watching Lana squirm under her gaze, "When you were eight we told you that you are Veelas. Do you remember?" Draco and Lana looked at each other their eyebrows raised. "Judging by the looks on your faces we're guessing you have forgotten." Lucius said watching the twins facial expressions mirror each other. "I think we'd remember something that important." Lana said running a hand over her head. "The only thing I remember from being eight is our birthday party. And I don't even remember all of that." Draco said running his fingers through his hair. "Well if you do remember anything then that would be helpful. But until then we have several books in our library and I'm sure Hogwarts will have some for when you return." Narcissa said before handing Draco a pile of books. "Well I don't remember much from then but we learnt about Veela's at school so we know a bit." Lana said looking at her brother. "Yeah we learnt that they are rare and there hasn't been a pair of Veela twins for decades." "This makes us the last pair in existence." Lana continued. "And we will both need to find our mate or we both die of heartbreak." "Yes that's right. You'll be able to tell who your mate is by your sense of smell which will be stronger as well as your hearing and sight." Lucius said before taking the top book from the pile and handing it to Lana. "That book is the best for information on Veela's as it was made by one. It should also have a few tips on controlling your Veela." Narcissa said before they all lapsed into silence. "Well if that's all we needed to know can we go now?" Draco asked watching his sister. She ran a hand over her face and leant back in the chair. "Dragon you can go we need to speak to Lana." Narcissa said. Draco stood up before thinking better of it. He sat back down next to Lana. "Well what are you waiting for?" Lana asked leaning her head on Draco's shoulder. "Okay. Look we are... sorry that we haven't been all that caring recently" Draco scoffed, "It's just we... I thought you hated us as we didn't find you straight away." "It's not your fault. You said you looked for me every day since the war so it's not like you didn't try." Draco leapt up out of his chair, "You lied to her and said you looked for her straight away." "So you didn't look for me straight away." Lana said her voice breaking. Narcissa looked down at her hands while Lucius focused on his cane as he spun it around in his hands. Lana sighed and stood up. "Don't say you care when... we all know you don't. You didn't even care enough to try and find me. Do you know how awful it was to think that my own family didn't want to find me? And then you told me that you looked for me for so long and I thought that you really cared." Tears built up in her eyes, "But we can all see that's a lie. I'm sorry I'm such a disappointment to you." Lana turned and walked out of the room slamming the door behind her. "Well done guys. Why did you lie to her?" Draco said sitting back down and placing his head in his hands. "Well it's not like you looked for her either." Narcissa said tilting her chin. "You have got to be kidding me. I was in a coma for three weeks. You weren't." Draco stood up and walked out slamming the door behind him as well. He walked up the stairs and knocked on his sister's door. She pulled it open her cheeks wet with tears. The make-up around her eye had smudged revealing the bruise beneath it. She gave him a watery smile before going back to packing the case on her bed. She placed her new quills and parchment in her case before closing it. She picked the midnight black kitten up off of her bed and placed it in the cat carrier. "Lana what are you doing?" Draco asked as she pulled her broom out of her wardrobe. "I'm leaving. They don't want me here and I don't want to be here with them anymore." She said as she slid her wand into her pocket. "Where are you going to go?" "I've flooed Zambini and he said I could stay with him." "You're going back to the manor? Why that's where... you know." "No Blaise has bought an apartment in London. Why would I ever go back there?" Lana said rolling her eyes. After Draco had been unable to kill Dumbledore at the start of their sixth