All's Fair in Love and War o0o Chapter One. The Power of Jealousy, the Power of Grief o0o Artemis o0o He was odd for a male. This boy was definitely one of the rare enigma's that despite being a man, wasn't completely horrible. He didn't seem overly arrogant when the two first met, though he was rude, which in hindsight could be overlooked as his intended appeared to have fallen to her death. From what she has seen and investigated, he wasn't very domineering; a trait in the male species that brought her a good number of girls to join the hunt. Under most circumstances, he wasn't dishonest. There was the occasional lie, like when he never confessed to landing on Ogygia. Of course that surprised none of the gods who were addicted to the television broadcast that was the young hero's life, which, if the immortal beings were being truthful, everyone on Olympus watched. The next on her checklist of male character flaws was narcissism, and the thought of describing him as vain, nearly made the goddess snort, which would lead to eons of embarrassment for snorting during a wedding ceremony. This boy, or, she supposed he could be considered a man now, was most definitely not self-centered. With loyalty as a fatal flaw he was surely not unreliable, even if it took falling into Tartarus to save Annabeth to prove the fact to the ever-so wise, Athena. He even held up the weight of the sky for her, something she was almost positive he would die for. In fact he held it up longer that Athena's daughter, who had the spirit of a hunter, an amazing feat. Condescending? That was almost crossed off before she could think about it. If this male was able to put up with that blundering son of Mars, Frank, before he became comfortable with his parentage, then he was without a doubt, a patient and kind man. Her musings were interrupted by the wedding march blasting throughout the packed room. Next to her, she could practically sense Apollo's grin, as the Muse's played a song developed by one of his children. She didn't know why, but she felt irrationally angry when she received the thick paper invitation to his and Annabeth's wedding. It actually hurt her to see their names together, but she wasn't the goddess of medicine, so naturally, she asked Apollo why she felt the way she did, but only received a Cheshire grin as an answer. Speaking of her menace of a twin, he just nudged her shoulder in the direction of the pressed cobblestone aisleway, revealing a grinning daughter of Athena, the soon to be Missus Jackson, walking leisurely towards the lily framed arch, on her father's arm. She wore a simple white gown, trimmed with grey accompanied by a thin sash tied around her waist. Her hair was set in simple curls, while only her pink lips were visible as the veil covered the rest of her face. Once again she felt the familiar queasiness in the pit of her stomach, and found herself irrationally angry at beautiful bride. Apollo squeezed her hand gently, probably because the goddess tensed up and started shaking slightly, while she watched the demigod float by the rows and rows of guests until the twins could only see train of her dress. "What's happening to me? Why do I feel like this?" She whispered, in what she hoped was a quiet way, into her brother's ear. He turned towards her. She could see his eyes were their natural shade of gold, not the ridiculous sky blue he usually kept them it. She could see uneasiness and sympathy, a strange mix of emotions, plastered across his face, and she couldn't help but worry about what the concern meant for her. Unfortunately, the moment the god opened his mouth to tell her about the disease she had undoubtedly contracted, despite the fact she was unable to contract diseases, the priest spoke. She leaned into her younger brother, trying to draw support from him, because, once more, she felt the gnawing on her stomach, but this time it came with a sharp pain from behind her eyes. Closing her lids, she decided to ignore the ceremony, mainly to block out the blabber of forever and always coming from the priest and the doe eyes from the couple. Her mind wandered to the different encounters she and the groom have had over the years. Of course, most were in battle or were the two were surrounded by dozens of people, though their most recent encounter was private. The memories, while not many, were theirs and theirs alone. And for some reason that fact made her feel incredibly light. It made a tingle spread all over her body, making her want to jump for joy. This encounter, which she began to think of as their moment, was just last week, the rehearsal dinner. She was outside fuming after some arrogant, male mortal had asked her out to dinner. Then he came outside a few moments later. They exchanged the few, required pleasantries, when she started up an actual conversation much to his surprise. It went something like this. "How do you feel now that you are to be wed?" He blinked at her and then blinked again, "Oh, er, I can't really explain it. It's like I'm floating, everything seems so surreal, it's just… I can't explain it in words; do you know what I mean?" Slowly, she nodded her head. She felt that way right now, for whatever, "Yes, I suppose I do. Congratulations, even if I'm a bit late in expressing this, I am happy for you and Annabeth." "Thanks," He said a little uncertainly, as if he could sense the bitterness she felt when she said that, "Thank you, for that. I'll be sure to tell her. We were worried you were against the marriage since your a maiden goddess." And for another mysterious reason she felt angry when he mentioned her being a maiden forever as long she remained an Olympian. So, while she might not be Eris, that wouldn't stop her from creating some discord at a wedding, "Ah yes, I shall forever remain a virgin. What about your lovely wife to be? Is she still a maiden?" He frowned, and even that looked angelic, understanding what she was implying, "She should be, I mean we've never… I mean… You know what I mean," By now he was blushing down to his toes. She raised an eyebrow, eternally grinning at the doubt she created, "I should hope, young pregnancies never end well. I should know, loads of girls come to me for that reason exactly, but I only accept maidens into my hunt." He looked at her dumbfounded and opened his mouth to speak, but she cut him off by turning in a whirl and heading to the door, "Wonderful speaking to you again, I'll try not to turn you into a jackalope," She called back over her shoulder. Then her ears jerked her back into reality. In a deathly silent room, with all eyes on the happy couple, except for her brother's. He was staring at her with unfiltered concern, most likely due to the maniac smile that was stretched across her lips, from recounting her, their moment, despite how unpleasant it was for who she shared it with. The words that the rest of the audience was waiting intently for finally reached her ears, "I do," said with a quavering voice from Annabeth, left her shaking, causing Apollo to hold her tighter. Her eyes widened, knowing that he had to say the famous line next. And despite how terrible it probably made her, she found herself praying that he wouldn't say it, but of course her immoral and silent efforts were in vain. He called out, his voice full of love for his soon to be wife, "I do." Stifling a gasp she buried her face in her brother's chest, ignoring the slim arm snaking around her shoulders for now. Curse the fates. Curse love. Curse whatever was causing her to feel so irrational, so unlike the maiden she was. The goddess couldn't even remember the last time her and Apollo had hugged, probably dozens of years ago. Next to her ear she heard the familiar melodic voice, that she had come to hate, "Shh, it'll be alright." Twisting out of her twins arms, she turned her body to the voice and found herself facing, a hazel eyed blonde, "What. In. Hades. Name. Are. You. Doing. Aphrodite?" Aphrodite rolled her, now green, eyes, "I was comforting you, obviously." She growled under her breath, not wanting to create a scene at a wedding, "And pray tell why you were comforting me?" The goddess of beauty looked around suspiciously before whispering, "Follow me," Noticing the look of distrust plastered across her face because she added, "Bring Apollo if you want to." With her curiosity peaked, she and her brother hastily followed a currently red-haired Aphrodite, through heaps of happy wedding guests. After what seemed like an eternity, pushing through sweat covered mortal's in ridiculous attire, the three immortal's reached a door marked WOMENS. Pushing open the door with no hesitation, the love goddess flicked her wrist ensuring that no unwanted guests would intrude upon their meeting. Leaning against the cabinets the sinks were placed in, she started the conversation, "Now, what were you comforting me about?" She wrung her perfectly manicured hands, looking at her as if she would attack her for what she had to say, "Artemis, dear, don't take this the wrong way, but I could feel jealousy coming off of you in waves during the ceremony and when they kissed, I felt…" "What did you feel?" She asked dreading the answer. Aphrodite sighed, "Heartbreak. Your heartbreak." She blinked in confusion, "W- What does that mean?" The goddess of love opened her mouth to speak, but Apollo spoke for her, "It means, Artemis, that you were, that you are in love with Percy Jackson. That feeling you asked me about months ago when they sent the invitation, that was jealousy, and now because he married someone else, you felt heartbreak." o0o Five Years Later Artemis o0o She stared at the home in front of her. It was a grey, one-level, Tudor style home with a big tree in the front yard, providing shade. The lawn was perfect and the steps leading up to the front door were lined by a variety of beautiful multi-colored flowers. Overall it looked like the type of house a nice mortal, family would dream of living in. But the couple she was visiting were not mortals they were demigods. A certain pair of demigods that she has not visited since their wedding, when the realization she had feelings for a specific male sunk in. The goddess had not taken the news well. She screamed, and argued, and attempted to attack her companions, and then she broke down. Once again, she had fallen for a man, though this one was respectable unlike, she shuddered to even think the name, Orion. And then when she discovered her feelings, he was already married. So, that leaves her wondering, why exactly she was in front of Annabeth and Percy's house? The answer was simple, he asked for her to come and despite how Apollo and Aphrodite both told her not to go, she had to, for him. It was pathetic. Apparently, the young couple had been trying for kids, for a while and Annabeth just couldn't get pregnant. Until their latest try nearly a year ago. Worried that the childbirth would be rough, Percy asked for help, seeing as she was the goddess of childbirth. Licking her dry lips, she walked briskly up to the red door, how cliché, and knocked three times. Luckily, she didn't have to wait long. Soon a frantic Sally Blofis pushed the door open and