A/N: Hello guys! I am every bit excited to write this fic (my first!). I am actually a Dramione shipper, but this time I thought I'd try something different, not new, but different. I would really love to thank Jo (J.K Rowling) for writing Harry Potter series and letting us add our imagination to it. She is the best in what she does. You guys might be wondering why I chose 'Pride and Prejudice' as the title. Don't fret, I'm not a Jane Austen fan who's going to share extracts from her book. Pride here refers to Nadia, who is a Gryffindor, and Prejudice refers to Draco, who is obviously a Slytherin. Clever, am I not… *evil laugh*. Now, how about I give you a bit of head start about the way this fic is set? I know you guys read the summary, but still, a few lines of intro won't hurt right? P.S: Sorry for writing such a huge A/N (ToT) . I know you are going to hate them from now on. ~Harry and Nadia Potter had many twists and turns in their life but none was as drastic as this. The sixth year is over, but how it ended was a shock to them. There were so many questions that needed answers. Why didn't Draco Malfoy kill Albus Dumbledore when he had the chance? Why did he leave the protection of the Dark Lord and come to the light side? Is he acting as a spy, or did he really change his heart to do some good? And there are other things that need to questioned. For one, his loyalty to the Light side, and for the other, his sudden and strong attraction to Nadia Potter. Why did he call off his engagement with the very beautiful Slytherin, Astoria Greengrass, after his father's death? Why get attached to the green eyed wonder and complicate an already complicated life. And the most important part, why was Nadia returning his feelings? We are about to find out~ Hope is all we have… Severus Snape and Albus Dumbledore were sitting in the headmaster's office. Albus's eyes lacked the twinkle they always held, and his body lacked the strength he was known for. The headmaster extended his blacked and shrivelled hand towards Snape, who looked at it with eyes full of remorse, hurt and fear. Severus Snape wasn't known to lose his composure or betray any emotions, but at that moment this hands were shaking a bit as he took Dumbledore's hand in his. "How long, Severus?" the headmaster asked softly. "A few more weeks." His voice didn't show how much it pained him to utter those words. Dumbledore smiled slightly and withdrew his hands from Snape's. Snape scowled at him. Why didn't the old man understand that he was dying ! Why didn't he understand he was leaving Snape alone in the world where no one trusted him, where no one believed in him. Dumbledore seemed to have read his mind and stopped smiling, though the twinkle had returned to his eyes. "Don't let anger and hurt cloud your mind, my boy." Dumbledore whispered. "You have a task at hand, that no one else but you can do." Snape scoffed. A task! He didn't have just a task , he had many tasks that no one else, but he, can do. Acting as a double agent for Dumbledore, for one and saving Draco Malfoy's arse from getting in trouble for another. His scowl deepened at the mere thought of the insolent boy, who was also his Godson. The unbreakable vow he had made to Narcissa, of protecting her son from danger and helping him in the task he was assigned was long ago broken when Draco forfeited the mission he was given. But Severus was still bound by duty to help Draco, as his Godfather. He couldn't help but feel a bit relieved that boy had made the decision of leaving the dark side, even though it can cost him his life. Dumbledore, too, had made the correct choice by providing him and his mother with the Order's protection. The members of the order hadn't exactly welcomed them with open arms. It was only Molly Weasely, Remus Lupin and Nyphandora Tonks Lupin who didn't make a huge deal out of it. He secretly was pleased at Lucius Malfoy's death. Malfoy Sr. was like a magnet that pulled his family into danger. Draco, too, wasn't very fond of his father and quickly recovered from his death. But Narcissa, she loved Lucius with all her heart and was undeniably loyal to him. His death had pushed her into a trauma that was hard to recover from. But for her son's sake, she was trying her level best to cope up with the pain. The only thing that made her join the Order was the knowledge that the dementor that took Lucius's life was sent by Voldemort. Surprisingly, Molly and Tonks were doing all they could to help Narcissa, and the lady in question was actually accepting their help. Tonks was still Narcissa's niece, but Molly was a Weasely . How they both seemed to be getting along, was a mystery to Severus. He looked at Dumbledore, eager to change the topic of discussion. "Who have you decided to make the heads this year?" he asked. He already knew that Draco was going to be the head boy, for his own protection, but the head girl, he had no idea. There was, after all, a very tough tie between Nadia Potter and Hermione Granger. "Hmmmm…" Dumbledore seemed to be thinking but to Severus, it was like he was being mocked. "Miss Granger and Miss Potter are the two most exceptional women. But if we see from the prospective of our need, Severus, Miss Potter will be the ideal head girl." Snape raised an eyebrow. "Why her, and not Miss Granger?" Dumbledore smiled at him, making Severus's jaw tighten. What's with the toothy display? "We have known them for six years now, Severus and still you ask." He chuckled. Severus was positively irritated now. "Forgive me, Albus." He sneered. "but I don't see any difference in their behaviours. Both are snotty bookworms, insufferable know-it-alls and –" "Are you sure, Severus?" Dumbledore interrupted him, his eyes twinkling. "Is that how they really are?" "I was just going to add, before you rudely interrupted me." He said, scowling. Dumbledore gestured him to continue. "And... both of them have great determination, which cannot be swayed easily." "Very good, Severus." Dumbledore eyes were twinkling madly now. "You do know them well. Now tell me, are there any differences in them?" Severus thought for a while. Yes, there were differences in them. Not many, but they were there. "Miss Potter is a bit, very slightly easier to tolerate." He said plainly "And..?" Dumbledore urged him on. "She might not kill Draco and vis-a-vis." He said quickly. "Is that all?" Dumbledore asked. Snape nodded curtly. "I'd like to add a few points from my side, if you don't mind that is." Dumbledore said. Severus gave him a look clearly saying you-are-going-to-spit-it-out-anyway. Dumbledore chuckled lightly. He clasped his hands on the table and looked at Severus. "They both are great women, but they do have more than slight different natures." He said, explaining it to Severus like it was the subject he used to teach in his days as a transfiguration professor. "Miss Potter doesn't get upset easily, unless someone talks in a wrong way about her friends and the people she cares about. Miss Granger is a bit more sensitive and will react for any person in question, which is a property that will irk our young Draco to no end. Miss Potter, unlike her house mates, is more careful when it comes to decision making and avoids taking up reckless ideas-" Snape was nodding at this point-"and finally, she can change a person from head to toe in a short period of time. I'm sure she can do the same with Draco and rid him of his prejudices." Snape was frowning now. If the Potter girl was made the head girl, how did Albus expect her to change Malfoy. They will be meeting just once or twice a week and that too reluctantly. Won't that be a very short time period. "But, why Albus?" he asked. "Why are all these qualities needed in the head girl? It's not as if she can change his mind set during classes, or rounds or Prefect meetings." Albus Dumbledore all but grinned at him, which promoted murderous thoughts in Severus's mind. "Because, Severus." He said, his eyes gleaming. "they are going to be sharing a dormitory." Severus practically jumped off his chair in shock. He could neither believe his ears, nor Dumbledore's thinking process. Had the old man finally lost his senses, or was he wishing an early death. The Potter girl and Draco sharing a dormitory… the statement sounded absurd in his own head. They were after each other's blood most of the time and them sharing a dormitory would be no less than a disaster. He had never contemplated this move. Thinking that they were going to have separate dormitories, he had accepted for Draco to be made the Head boy as Slytherins could be a threat to him. Severus sneered at Dumbledore. "Have you completely lost it, Albus!" he bit out. "Malfoy and Potter are arch enemies! They can bite each other's heads off if they are kept in the same room for more than an hour and you are going to make them share a common room. Really, Albus, do have any sense of what you are doing!" Albus Dumbledore smiled and this time Severus almost stepped forwards to throttle him. "I gave you my reasons, Severus." He said. "you heard me, and you agreed. Now all you have to do is trust me and prepare their dormitory to live in." Severus was breathing heavily. He thought through all the points Albus gave him and calmed down a bit. Maybe, just maybe , it might work out. "Do you think they might put aside their disputes for this task?" he asked. "Hope is all we have, Severus…. Hope is all we have." Dumbledore said, as if he was tired. The statement was so ironic that Snape wanted roll his eyes. A dying man talking about hope. Sure. "Fine." He spat. "but who's going to tell them. I am most certainly not interested to have babbling and shouting teenagers within my reach. Or do you want to tell them after they have arrived at Hogwarts?" "I'm going to the headquarters tonight." Albus said. "I'll talk to Mr. Malfoy then. There are just two weeks for the school to start, after all" "And Miss Potter?" Severus asked. "I'm sure she'll be far more understanding." Severus seriously doubted that. xxx Ron, Hermione, Harry and Nadia were lazing around in their train compartment. Nadia was sitting beside her brother, her head on his shoulder, her Lightning Bolt, the French model of Firebolt which her brother had, was in her hand. Her and Harry were servicing her broom in a train compartment. Hermione was reading a muggle novel that neither the boys nor Nadia knew about. Ron was polishing his worn out chess set and was simultaneously eating chocolate frogs. Talk about cleaning. Nadia had her head girl batch pinned to her robes. She looked at it and then back to Hermione. When Nadia was told that she was to be the head girl, her first look was directed towards Hermione who was looking genuinely happy, but at the same time a bit disappointed. When the party thrown in her honour was over, she had talked to Hermione about the sheer injustice about making her the head girl because Nadia wasn't even a prefect. Hermione had just dismissed it with a friendly hug and smile and had told her that Nadia deserved it. Nadia