Author's Note: Just letting all know that this is my first attempt at a Harry Potter story. Please be kind. Pairings will happen down the future and canon pairings changed around, but not for a while though it will be hinted at. Canon will not start for a while and by then Harry will be better prepared for what is to come. He won't be able to kick everyone's ass on the first try, some but not all, but he will be able to catch others off guard thanks to his ability and be smarter. Also as video game RPGs and other video games weren't as prominent in the world at the time in canon I've changed the date of Harry's birth to 1999. I do this because it's a more technological story and it will play a role. I didn't do this lightly. So events and births will be pushed up by a decade or so. And we are doing this several, six to eight, months or so before Harry goes to Hogwarts. Now as for the main characters involved in the beginning they will be Ron, Neville, and Hermione, no bashing will be done to them, and some others later on I feel Rowling could have focused on. I hate bashing, all three, even Harry, in the canon series had their flaws and I will attempt to try and give good and realistic reasons for them via background checks in the story. The major flaws are these: Ron, jealousy and living up to expectations his more successful older brothers have set forth, Hermione is her book smarts and laser point view on the rules of any society and what she deems to be the right thing, and Neville with his social awkwardness and lack of confidence in his skills. Later on they improved, though JK Rowling could have done things more believable. Personally I think she made it more believable with Neville's gradual progression in confidence, but even great authors can still have flawed logic and no story will be perfect. Some authors, believe it or not, want to see the ideas and direction of immature in their own work so they look at their story in the eyes of others. Will I introduce them to the Gamer secret? Maybe, down the line, but not for a long while and I say this because we all know that in the Wizarding World things can be taken out of proportion very quickly and even with proof others will want to study and understand Harry's powers, or exploit it. Neville and Ron won't have a clue what's going on, even with the demonstration they will be hesitant to try something new that's part of the mundane world, like all purebloods. The fact that the Gamer gift comes from a Primordial Goddess of all things, and the magicals are more attuned to myths, will garner some worry and envy. To me Ron is human, he has anger issues, is a bit tactless at times during conversations despite his gift at strategy. With the gifts and advantages we believe others have it is normal to have Rowling wanting to introduce an element of jealousy, but she failed by going too far and then making the whole reconciliation thing seem too easy. Personally, I would have made them start slow by merely be on speaking terms or have not had that jealously scene done at all. And don't give the whole Ron will abandon them thing because we all know that even with his anger towards Harry he still helped him in the challenge and horcrux hunt. Also, in the latter part it was due to the horcrux, a very influential and dark object, he wore for a very long time messing with his head. Harry barely wore it and had a link to Voldemort so he wasn't affected as badly. While Hermione will think something is wrong with Harry and try to help him by looking for answers to questions that may inadvertently make things worse. Contrast to how people see her, Hermione is not perfect. In the beginning she was more mature than others her age, but to others she came across as bossy know at all who had a bit of arrogance, nowhere Malfoy level though, whenever she one up someone or got something done right the first time. In a sense they right as Hermione sees everything from a linear perspective, it's only till after she becomes friends with Ron and Harry that she slowly improves herself begins to see the rules as sometimes needing to be broken if it meant doing the right thing. Harry's problem was that he was too easy to be blinded by his emotions and did not really use his head during moments that doing so could have ended things on a better note. The whole Umbridge fiasco and Voldemort return thing being two of them that could have gone better had he not been acting child when others called him a liar about the whole Voldemort thing. Harry should have been much better prepared for events like this but others thought it was best he be alienated from the Wizarding World for his own safety. Which was good and all, but could have been executed a hell of a lot better. Harry got damn lucky in the end, his skills were good, but power wise compared to Voldemort, who was a prodigy and had decades of experience, Harry is nothing. It was only his luck, Voldemort's arrogance, and the DEUS EX Machina event Rowling pulled that saved him. We all know he otherwise would have lost in a straight up duel if Voldemort took things seriously. The destruction of his horcruxs taking a toll on him both mentally and magically played a role as well in my mind. They are pretty much like a phylactery in fantasy, destroy some of them and you greatly weaken the creator as you are in essence destroying a piece of them. Now as for Dumbledore, I personally think he is a well-meaning person and man, a powerful one too, but he was nowhere near perfect as many thought him to be and his enemies knew how to exploit it to their advantage. Had he not been so afraid of what he could have done with the power he had, and trying to control things the way he thought best it would have ended the last war on a better note and things would have not spiralled out of control during fifth year. I will accept the fact that being with the Dursleys was the lesser of two evils, as others would have tried to use Harry for their own gain or he would have been targeted by the Death Eaters that managed to avoid Azkaban. The purebloods have the power to do so and we know that even if the family he was left with had no intention of using him he would still have been target in some way. It's not as though they could have isolated him in the wizarding world, Jurassic World and other events have taught us that never ends well. At least in the mundane world, hate the term muggle by the way, where wizarding influence was almost non-existent, Harry had chance at a normal life. Crappy as it was though. All of these things, I will try to portray and correct in the boundaries of realism in this story. It's my first attempt at this so be kind please. Now, as for Hedwig, I love her and while I'm trying to find a good role for her besides courier pigeon and companion, and can't really think of anything. There's this one idea I have but it will occur much later on and give her a better role then. Don't expect much from her in the beginning if I do involve her in the story. Anyway, enough ranting, and enjoy the story people! Harry Potter and the Power of the Gamer Summary: Harry Potter had few pleasures growing up with the Dursleys. Fantasy stories, Science Fiction, and video games were some of them, a secret he kept well hidden from them. One day he wakes up and finds himself with the ability to live life as a video game. Harry couldn't make heads or tails of this but decided to make the most it. The Gamer is coming to Hogwarts! Gamer, and D&D elements! Chapter One: Power of the Gamer Ten-year-old Harry Potter yawned as he rose up from his bed in the broom closet and shook the cobwebs from his head. The dark haired and spectacle-wearing boy then proceeded to wipe the crud from his eyes, just as the knocking on the door began like clockwork. "Wake up! Time to work!" he heard his aunt shout and soon heard the lock on the door being undone. As it was the start of the weekend Harry would only be allowed to take a shower after preparing breakfast and the morning chores. Afterwards he'd be let go and off on his own so as not to "disturb" the Dursley's weekend relaxation. Harry tried to treasure weekends as much as he could. The week wasn't fun for the too skinny for his age boy. Harry wasn't the brightest of students, however; he was slightly above average in his class for some subjects and only average in others. The bully that was his cousin was considered an average to below average student at St. Grogory's Primary School. A fact that his relatives did not care for as his aunt and uncle believed his better grades were the result of him cheating. In their minds it was the only way they thought he could beat their precious and perfect little Duders. " The only decent grade he's ever gotten is in P.E., " Harry thought even then it wasn't the greatest. It usually ended up being a C+ or a B at best due to his rotund figure. Dudley was quick despite his size but his unhealthy and excess consumption of sweets and other sorts of food did little for his stamina. Even then, though Harry was faster his stamina was only slightly better himself and often needed to resort to hiding during what was called Harry Hunting. But no one would help him or listen to him. Harry had given up on that long ago. His aunt and uncle told his teachers that he was nothing more than a troublemaker with sporadic disorders. Being who they were, and his reputation around Privet Drive, the teacher would take the side of the adults. Where his grades were once considered at the top of the class was now at average. But Harry knew what happened when he got better grades than Dudley. Other than the occasional whack upside the head and grabbing of his ears, his aunt and uncle never physically abused him. His uncle's sister Marge was the only one who ever physically abused him by whacking him on his shins whenever she visited. They were hateful and temperamental individuals and certainly not the brightest at times, but not that stupid. Harry didn't know if it was because of a case a few years ago, in which one of the former neighbours had been arrested for domestic abuse or because they knew better. Whether the Dursleys knew better or were too afraid of the law, Harry didn't which one it was. At best when he did something wrong or out of the ordinary they would often deprive him of meals. Dudley would often hit him but as they were children many wouldn't look much into it or simply see it as child's play. "I said get up!" Petunia shrieked and his thoughts were broken. "Boy, move it!" he heard his uncle thundered after his wife. The dark haired boy knew better than to keep them waiting or make them angry. Sighing, Harry grabbed a piece of