Author's Note: So, while re-reading this story with the intention of getting in touch with it again, to be able to update and complete it, I found the content in the chapters terribly flawed. Therefore, I felt like the best option would be to just delete the entire story and start re-posting the edited chapters. I sincerely apologise to readers/followers, but the plot will remain the same, and the content will just be spruced up with the hope that it will become a much better read than the first time around. Enjoy! Nova* Redeeming Draco Malfoy Chapter One GINNY Weasley's big, brown eyes opened widely to bright sunlight filtering through her bedroom window. She took a moment to register her surroundings. Slowly a smile formed on her full lips and she stretched lazily in her tiny but comfortable bed. The red head closed her eyes for a moment, savouring the sounds of birds chirping in the orchard outside, the familiar rattling of pots and pans downstairs and the wonderful aroma of bacon and eggs wafting up to her bedroom. For Ginny those noises sounded like peace. The War had been over for four months now and with the arrival of summer, feelings had started to morph from the deadly gloom everyone had been feeling to acceptance. Light and hope had filtered through the cracks of loss that they had all experienced, healing wounds and reminding her family and friends that they were alive. After all, not being dead was definitely something to be grateful for. They had mourned angrily, stayed silent in misery and had been altered because of broken hearts, but a new dawn had emerged and it had finally become time to move on. The first step forward should have been easy after everything they had been through, however, letting go had proved to be much more difficult than accepting a loved one was gone and never returning. After a while, they had made it though. And while it still felt like they were sometimes dodging pain like determined bludgers, Ginny knew that as long as they had each other, they could overcome anything. Ginny had made it her mission to smile and ensure everyone else around her knew that they could count on her if they needed. That was how she had dealt with her grief. She had occupied herself with placing everyone else's needs first, so that it became easier to forget to focus on her own pain. Slowly the throbbing aches had dulled into residual soreness. Ginny pulled on a well worn, but still cosy, dressing gown and headed towards the bathroom. Her body felt more relaxed than it had ever since the War had began and she was relieved that she was getting more sleep in nowadays. Moving straight for the bathroom basin, Ginny placed her palms on the edge and looked up at the chipped mirror above it. "You can do this." The witch told herself as she stared at her reflection in the mirror and took in a deep breath. Ginny brushed her teeth before splashing water on her face. Then the red head smiled encouragingly at her dripping image before nodding determinedly and wiping her face dry. She had taken to starting off her days with confidence and positive energy ever since the War had began. In doing so, Ginny had managed to salvage her sanity, at least. Ginny jogged down the rickety old steps of the Burrow, jumping over the hole where almost an entire step was now missing. The familiarity of her childhood home made her feel thankful that she still had the Burrow, her parents and her family. Even though there would always be a painful reminder in her chest due to Fred's absence, she knew that there were better ways to honour her brother's memory than to sit around and spend her days wallowing. That was not something Fred would have wanted either. Plus, she had cried so much in the past four months that Ginny doubted she had any tears left to shed. That was not entirely true though. The smallest mention of Fred or Remus and Tonks, or Colin and every other friend who had died during the War could still make tears spring to her eyes and her throat burn with sadness. However, Ginny had become so accustomed to the reaction that she had mastered how to keep her tears from spilling over. Harry had helped her monumentally with overcoming Fred's death and she had spent much time with George, reliving their memories of Fred to help them both with their healing process. Taking strength from only those two wizards had allowed her a modicum of composure when it had mattered most. "Morning, mum." Ginny greeted. The young witch watched Molly Weasley turn around from the pots she stood over. "Good morning, Ginny." Mrs Weasley smiled at her daughter as Ginny placed a soft kiss on her plump cheek. Ginny had taken to being a little more affectionate towards her parents after the War. Partially due to the fact that she no longer took them for granted after having come so close to losing them, and because she knew deep down she was trying her best to fill the gaping hole Fred had left them with. While there was a light absent from Mr and Mrs Weasley's eyes, one that used to sparkle for Fred alone, Ginny knew in her hopeful heart that it would return one day. One step at a time. "Is everyone at work then?" Ginny asked as she looked at the clock on a kitchen counter nearby, one that actually told the time. "Yes, dear. I thought you deserved a bit of a sleep in." Mrs Weasley bustled around the kitchen, setting down breakfast for herself and her daughter. Mrs Weasley had lost much weight in the past four months, so Ginny had made it a habit to eat meals with her mother when her father was not around. As of late it had been the younger witch who would try and coax her mother into eating, therefore seeing Mrs Weasley lay out the table today made Ginny smile. She was just pleased that life seemed to be slowly going back to normal. Well as normal as could be. There were many changes that had taken place after the War, some more difficult than others and some that would only become easier with time. Yet the Weasley family – extended members included – dealt with it together and that was where they had drawn their strength from, from one another. "Thanks, mum." Ginny appreciated as she smiled warmly at her mother. She was about to sit down when she noticed a large, tawny owl swooping towards their kitchen window. "I'll get it, mum." Ginny placed a small hand on her mother's shoulder to keep Mrs Weasley seated. The younger witch untied the letter from the Ministry owl before the bird flew away gracefully again. Turning around to lean on the window ledge, Ginny took the mail that was addressed to her and opened the Ministry seal carefully. Her bright brown eyes widened almost comically, so much so that it was quite possible that they would pop out of her sockets if she didn't stop glaring at the piece of parchment in her hands. In bewilderment she read the correspondence she had received for her summer internship once more, before turning it over to ensure it really was the Ministry seal on the letter. Ginny then inspected the letter again before bringing it closer to her eyes. When she was certain that she had not misread the words written there, she brought the letter up to her nose. Watching Ginny, one would have thought it a silly notion to sniff new parchment, but Ginny knew better. She was trying to tell if the letter was a joke from Fred and George by the way it smelled. It was something that the twins … Ginny stopped abruptly as she remembered that it was only George now. Refusing to be plagued by sadness Ginny shook her head slightly to redirect her thoughts. George was doing fine, her family was coping and the War had been over for months now. "Ginny, dear, what are you doing?" Mrs Weasley turned to see why her daughter had not yet returned to their old, wooden table for breakfast. The older witch watched Ginny as she licked her thumb and suspiciously tried to rub at the black ink, scripted neatly and professionally against the crisp parchment in her hand. Mrs Weasley's frown deepened at the odd behaviour. "I am simply checking if this is a hoax, mum." Ginny grumbled as she turned the letter up and down in her hands. "What is, Ginny?" Mrs Weasley set down her cutlery as Ginny went over to sit next to her mother. With Hogwarts completely wrecked and a war to clean up after, the start of term would only start in October rather than September that year. It allowed the dust to settle, literally and figuratively, as Hogwarts was only just nearing its completion stages of being rebuilt. The Ministry wanted to ensure that the Castle was safe for its students return. Also, there were many people who had been on the run during Voldemort's reign and were slowly being found and returned home. In the interim the Ministry had decided to use the time in between for the rebuilding of their community as well. Since she had turned seventeen weeks ago, Ginny had decided to sign up for a Ministry reformation programme, The Repentance Workshop. The workshop was a way for young adults to assist with the appropriate rehabilitating of other witches and wizards, closer to their own age, who had chosen to side with Voldemort during the War. Namely the Slytherins who had taken perverse pleasure in the blood-traitor torture that had become part of the syllabus after Dumbledore's death. Kingsley had wanted to reduce the number of people that would be sent to Azkaban, so Harry, Ron and Hermione had come up with the idea for him. It ensured that the younger or aspiring Death Eaters were held accountable for their actions but not by the same laws that punished fully grown wizards. Since Kingsley had felt that Azkaban would do more harm than good for the young dark witches and wizards – who were simply misguided by their parents, in his eyes – he had approved of the idea. The temporary Minister for Magic had been of the opinion that being paired with witches and wizards who had fought with Harry during the War would help show them the light, so to speak. Hermione had suggested something that the Muggles called community service, and the new Minister had thought it a brilliant plan to implement in the Wizarding world as well. Who wouldn't fancy the idea anyway, considering it had come from the brightest witch of their age and backed up by Harry Potter – Chosen One and defeater of the Dark Lord? Therefore, Ginny, who had never been one to sit idly by, had joined in. Now she was seriously rethinking her chivalrous choice. "Oh, my." Molly said softly as she too turned over the letter, examining it to make sure it wasn't a prank. "Exactly." Ginny agreed while biting into a streak of bacon with a little more ferociousness than was necessary. All the while Ginny was thinking how she could chew and spit out whoever it was that had picked her Repentance Workshop partner. The official letter that had arrived for her today had included instructions on her new charge. Her accused was none other than Draco Lucius Malfoy. . . . Draco Malfoy shielded his eyes with the back of his arm as his mother magically opened the thick and expensive curtains of his large bedroom. "Mother." Draco groaned out as he turned around on his stomach and buried his face into his