Okay so this is more of a one-shot story, and i don't know how to finish it but it will happen. Summery: the gang and la push gang are into magic. Edward comes home and takes control. "Bells, can you show my brother around today" Alice asked. I looked at her and grinned. " of course; i am the welcoming comity after all" i said. Alice Cullen my best friend's brother Edward was coming to Forks High after a year studying abroad in London. She shrieked. " your going to show him our way of life" she asked. I nodded " definitely; we don't want him getting in the way of our plans now do we" i asked. She smirked. " no i think we don't" she said. Alice and I had a different way of life. We were wicken , we practice magic all the time. Our parents don't care as long as we don't cause to much trouble.. Every teenagers dream. Sure we were only in tenth grade but who cares, we get invited everywhere. Who knows, if he did mess with our plans, well there would be a lot of trouble. I live with Alice. My dad gave me to them when i turned thirteen because he wanted to be alone after my mothers death. Which was totally his fault. I mean he hit her with his car. Charlie was the police commissioner He made sure that my friends and i got away with a lot of the things my friends and i did. Alice danced off to a car that pulled up and Jasper, Emmett and Rose stayed near me. She came back with this hot guy, which i assumed was her brother. He had gotten in late last night from his flight, and was late this morning getting up. So we hadn't seen him. When they arrived by us Edward was looking at me. " this is Bella, who is living with us. Emmett, and Rose, who are going out. And this is my Jasper" Alice said sighing at Jazz name. Edward was staring at me. I hadn't met him but he seemed very familiar. " Bella, you'll take care of Edward wont you" Alice asked. I , and everyone else knew what she meant. I was the one to pop his flower. Make him not so innocent. " of course Alice. we'll see you later." i said. I started walking away from the group, not checking to see if Edward was following. I heard foot steps catching up to mine, and i knew he was there. " give me your schedule Edward" i demanded, he handed it to me and i saw we were in all the same classes. I smiled. " well it seems your in my classes." i said. He chuckled and looked back at the others. " you know Bella i always thought you looked familiar." he said. I turned confused. " what are you talking about Edward" i asked. He looked dark. " you don't remember my going away party we invited you to." he asked. FLASH BACK The music was loud and somebody tapped my shoulder. I couldn't see well and he asked me if he wanted to go somewhere else and i followed. We were upstairs, when we jumped into the nearest room which i think was Alice's and started the foreplay. " no, no foreplay just take me" i demanded. The stranger chuckled and ripped off both of our clothes. It turned out to be the best night of my life. The best sex i have ever had. I never knew who it was though because i left right after he fell asleep. PRESENT: "hmm i don't remember much" i said. " it was very hazy why" i asked. No one was left in the parking lot, so i continued walking to our first class. But suddenly i was turned around and my lips where crashed with Edwards. It was him. I already made him not so innocent. I gasped and stared at him. " seems my girl remembers now" he smirked. I gulped and got angry. " i am not your girl. You have no possession over me now let me go" i said angrily. He laughed at my attempts to get away from him but finally let go. "Aw was i not good enough. Because i do remember you saying it was one of the best nights you had." he said. I glared at him. " i was drunk, besides i love it when virgin boys take me" i lied. He laughed and said. " you're a horrible liar Bella. Don't you remember what we did afterwards" he asked. I shook my head. He came closer and kissed me again. "Well it went like that." he said. Edward pulled my hand to the class we were headed to, and sat next to me, and grabbed my hand. " what are you doing" i spat. " i am holding your hand Bella" he said. I laughed, " well stop that. I don't do relationships" i said. Everyone knew that. So why couldn't he understand it. He leaned down and darkly whispered " you do now" in my ear. I stared up at him with wide eyes, and shook my head. " sorry i don't change my rules for anybody" i said. The teacher walked in and started teaching. Edward's hand ran up and down my thigh. " would you stop" i hissed. He shook his head. " why you don't want more Bella" he asked. He knew what he was doing. He was trying to make me uncomfortable, and was doing a pretty good job at it. " stop" i whispered. His hand went higher and i stifled a moan. " i don't think you want me to stop Isabella" he murmured. Oh My God. He used my whole name. How did he know that was a major turn on? I whimpered when he stopped, and he chuckled. " later" he said, turning his attention back to the board. After class ended, Edward took my books. " what are you doing" i asked, " im taking your books and walking you to your next class." he said. " we are in all the same classes Edward" i stated. " well looks like i will be doing this all day then." i groaned and speed walked to my next class. Lunch couldn't come fast enough. Everyone was at the table already, well except for me and Edward. He walked behind me thankfully. I sat down in the middle of the table when Alice asked " so are we going" she asked. Edward remained quiet until he heard this. " going where" he growled. Alice leaped up from her chair and dragged me off the table. " may i speak to you Bella, Emmett tell my brother about our plans for this week" she said, pulling me to the corner of the room. " did you tell him" she asked. I shook my head. "Bella" she yelled throwing her hands up in the air. " that was your job. Oh god now he's never gonna let us out" she said while rubbing her face with her hands. " what do you mean us. He watches you when your parents are away. Not me. I do have a dad." i said. She glared at me. " oh wait until Carlisle and Esme go away. He will put us on total lock down. He probably will lock us in his room until they return. He gets like that, and likes to be in control of the situation" she said. I stared at her. " oh crap" i moaned. " And Carlisle and Esme are going on a six month cruise next week" she said. "Wait that's next week" i asked. She nodded. " oh god, you know what i just realized" i asked. She shook her head. " the only reason your brother is home is because your parents want someone to watch us. They trust us, but what happens when we get caught doing something and there is no one to bail us out" i asked. She groaned. " we have to be careful around him" she said. I nodded in agreement. " but what if he wants to join us" i asked. She shook her head again. " no, Edward is a goody two shoes, and does everything he suppose to. He will never want to join us" she said The bell rang and we made our way back to the table. Edward, Emmett, Rosalie, Jasper and Alice had this period of freedom with me. I took my spot back on the center of the table and we looked at each other. " Carlisle and Esme are going away for some time. Are all our plans full prof" Alice asked staring at Emmett. Emmett nodded, and Rose took his hand. " do you think anyone will find us so far up in the woods" she asked Emmett. He laughed. " only stupid people who would mess with us would follow us up that far." he said. Everyone laughed. Well except for Edward. When the bell rang we went to science! I hated science because it was boring, so i listened to my i-pod all period long, and got disappointed looks from Edward. When Alice and i got home after school i heard a lot of shouting going on between Edward, Carlisle and Esme. "What's popping Mamma Ez" i asked. Esme turned around and gave me a hug. " nothing dear. We were just telling Edward that you two are different from the rest of the kids in Forks" she said. I snickered. " oh yeah we're very different" i said. I walked into my bedroom and laid down on my bed. Sighing i reach for my laptop, but it wasn't there. I went downstairs, to see Edward on it. " what are you doing" i yelled. He looked up and smirked. " there is no way your doing any of this stuff, while my parents are gone" he said. I grinned. " who said that was what we were doing. Hmm, you know its very rude to go through people's personal things Edward. What would your father say" i asked. He stared at me for a moment and then bursted out laughing. " they left already Bella. And Alice is at Jasper's house until i pick her up" he said. "Good for you, now i need my computer back" i said. He chuckled gave it back. I started to walk away when he grabbed my hand. " what" i asked. "I don't get a reward for giving it back" he asked. " Edward stop this, i told you i don't do relation ships" he smiled. " well i think you should" he said. I decided to play along. " yes i think ill go out with Mike Newton. Thanks Edward" i said. He growled and pulled me back. " what about me Bella" he asked. I pretended to put a lot of thought into it and said " nope, Mike's a virgin., your not" i said. I made my way back upstairs, and decided to go to sleep. Carlisle and Esme where gone, and Alice and i were stuck with Edward. Sure he was watching us but tonight was the night all our plans started. We would have to be extra careful around him. Alice suggested that we drug him so we don't get into any trouble. That would be one of the easiest things to do because Carlisle kept sedatives in the house for when Emmett go to excited. We both made dinner tonight , slipping in the heavy sleeping drugs in his drink. We both left the table full of food and went to wash up. Edward sat in front of the plate that was covered in sedatives. Alice and i smiled and started eating. He