I was driving in the back of a taxi, heading towards the airport. The window on my right was rolled down, the cold air of the early morning freezing me even with the dark green pullover and black long padded jacket I was wearing but I didn't care. The sky was perfectly cloudless, the sun shining outside but not really warming anything on its path. It was going to snow soon, a couple weeks maybe. I descended from the taxi once I realized it had stop and after having paid the driver, I entered inside the airport. I did the check-in and then headed towards the gate 13. I finally got on the plane and I sat down on my reserved place near the window, looking forlornly outside. I would have missed Denver's weather. It was sunny 300 days a year and there was snow practically the rest of the time. I wasn't the least bit used to the rain but I would have to get used to it, and quickly. In the Olympic Peninsula of northwest Washington State, a small town named Forks exists under a near-constant cover of clouds. It rains on this inconsequential town more than any other place in the United States of America. It was from this town that Renée - my aunt - had escaped when her daughter Bella was only a few months old. It was in this town that I used to spend a month every summer until I was fourteen together with Bella. She practically begged me every time to go with her, since she hated Forks with a passion. I didn't share the same feelings, at least not entirely. Yes, the weather wasn't very pleasant, the town was too small and nothing ever happened to make it interesting, but I could tolerate it just to spend time with her and Charlie. Fourteen though was the year when Bella put her foot down and refused to ever return; these past three summers we spent vacationed in California for two weeks instead. It was there I was headed right now. Not something I was doing very willingly but what other choice did I have? It's a two hours and a half flight from Denver to Seattle, another hour in a small plane up to Port Angeles, and then an hour drive back down to Forks. Flying didn't bother me; the hour in the car with Uncle Charlie, though, I was a little worried about. It was sure to be awkward with him. Neither of us was what anyone would call verbose, and I didn't know what there was to say regardless. I knew he was more than a little confused by my decision. Of course Charlie had really been fairly nice about the whole thing. He seemed genuinely pleased that I was coming to live with him. He'd already gotten me registered for high school and was going to help me get a car. I knew he was more than a little surprised. I imagined he would have thought I would choose Renée since, truth to be told, even if she wasn't my Aunt by blood, I was closer to her than Charlie. Maybe because Renée acted more like a teenager than an adult. I loved Renée but the idea of living with her permanently kind of scared me. I could already imagine her, hovering over me, asking me If I was okay every five minutes, and that was something I didn't need right now. I just wanted to be left alone, free to be sad, instead of pretending to be better just not to worry her. With Uncle Charlie it was different. I knew that If I wanted to be left alone, If I didn't feel like talking, Charlie would have understood and left me alone. Of course I would have preferred to stay in Denver, if only for the fact that I lived there all my life but I knew it wasn't possible. I had no other relatives there and I was still a minor, I couldn't live there alone. When I landed in Port Angeles, it was raining. I didn't see it as a omen though, just something unavoidable. I had already said my goodbyes to the sun. Charlie was waiting for me with the cruiser. For the people of Forks, Charlie was Chief Police Swan. I cringed a little at the idea of being seeing around town in a police car, blue and red lights on top included, and decided to buy my own car as fast as possible. Charlie gave me an awkward arm-hug when I finally was off the plane. "It's good to see you Veroni." He said with a smile and then hesitantly asked "How are you?" I smiled and shrug. I certainly couldn't say I was okay, because I wasn't. Of course I could have lied, I was pretty good at it if I wanted to but I didn't like to do it and anyway, I didn't have the strength to pretend that I was fine. Together we headed toward the baggage claim. Charlie widened his eyes when he saw how many bags I had with me but he didn't comment, fortunately. I had to admit that I panicked a little, trying to decide what to bring with me and what not. In the end I brought with me practically my entire wardrobe. Since not all the bags fitted inside the trunk, some of it ended up on the back seat. "Your hair's longer." Charlie started, in a not very effective way to break the silence. "I cut it since the last time I saw you." I answered without really knowing what to say. "Guess it grew out again." I nodded and he didn't add anything more. A few minutes later Charlie broke the silence again. "I found a car for you. I'm sure it's not the kind you're used to but..." Charlie started hesitantly. "I'm sure it's perfect. Thanks uncle Charlie." I interrupted. Whatever car it was, it didn't matter. The only thing I cared about was that it would drive me where I needed it to. "Well, it's a truck actually. A Chevy." Charlie continued. "Where did you find it?" "Do you remember Billy Black down at La Push?" La Push is the tiny Indian reservation on the coast. I thought about it for a minute but I couldn't seem to remember him. "Uhm...no." I said at last. "He used to go fishing with us during the summer," Charlie prompted. "Oh yes. I remember now." I had the vague image of a man with black hair and eyes and really tanned skin, nothing more than that. But it was something at least. "He's in a wheelchair now," Charlie continued then "so he can't drive anymore, and he offered to sell me his truck cheap." "What year is it?" I could see from his change of expression that this was the question he was hoping I wouldn't ask. "Well, Billy's done a lot of work on the engine — it's only a few years old, really." "And when did he buy it?" I teased him, having realized that he was stalling. "He bought it in 1984, I think." "Did he buy it new?" "Well, no. I think it was new in the early sixties — or late fifties at the earliest," he admitted sheepishly. I smiled amused at his expression. "Well, I just hope it won't break since I don't know anything about cars. If something went wrong, I won't be able to fix it and you will be forced to drug the thing up to La Push." "Really, Veroni, the thing runs great. They don't build them like that anymore." "How much Billy is selling it?" "Well, honey, I kind of already bought it for you. As a homecoming gift." Charlie peeked sideways at me with a hopeful expression. I was really touched by that but I couldn't accept. Money wasn't something I needed to worry about. "You didn't need to do that, Uncle Charlie. I was going to buy myself a car." "I don't mind. I want you to be happy here." He was looking ahead at the road when he said this. Charlie wasn't comfortable with expressing his emotions out loud. "That's really nice. Thanks. I really appreciate it." And I did. Really. It was just that I didn't think I had any hope at being happy in Forks. Or anywhere else for that matter. "Well, now, you're welcome," he mumbled, embarrassed by my thanks. We exchanged a few more comments on the weather, which was wet, and that was pretty much it for conversation. We stared out the windows in silence. I tried to concentrate on the view out the window and not immerse myself in thoughts which was a really bad thing. I couldn't burst into tears in front of Charlie. I was sure he would panicked, not having idea what to do to console me. The scenery was beautiful. Everything was green: the trees, their trunks covered with moss, their branches hanging with a canopy of it, the ground covered with ferns. Even the air filtered down greenly through the leaves. My memory hadn't done it justice. Denver was very different. There were no vast landscapes in the surrounding area, but it was beautiful none than less, with its high mountains. We made it to Charlie eventually. The house was exactly as I remembered it. It was a small two-story house, with the kitchen and living room that somewhat blended together on the ground floor and the upper floor with only two bedrooms and a single bathroom at the top of the stairs. Another thing I needed to get used to, sharing a bathroom with someone else. At home, I had a private bathroom. I descended the cruiser and noticed it for the first time. There, parked on the street in front of the house that never changed, was my new — well, new to me — truck. It was a faded red color, with big, rounded fenders and a bulbous cab. To my intense surprise, I loved it. I didn't know if it would run, but I could see myself in it. Plus, it was one of those solid iron affairs that never gets damaged — the kind you see at the scene of an accident, paint unscratched, surrounded by the pieces of the foreign car it had destroyed. "Wow, Charlie, I love it! Thanks!" Now my horrific day tomorrow would be just that much less dreadful. I wouldn't be faced with the choice of either walking two miles in the rain to school or accepting a ride in the Chief's cruiser. "I'm glad you like it," Charlie said gruffly, embarrassed again. I smiled. It took three trips to get all my stuff upstairs. Yes, I got more than a little overboard but you can never know what you may need, right? I got the west bedroom that faced out over the front yard. The room was familiar; it was the one Bella and I used to share every summer. The wooden floor, the light blue walls, the peaked ceiling, the yellowed lace curtains around the window, the pine wood desk, the full size bed. These were all a part of my childhood. Even the rocking chair was still in the corner. Charlie left me alone to unpack and get settled, a feat that would have been altogether impossible if I had decided to move with Renée. It was nice to be alone, not to have to smile and look pleased; a relief to stare dejectedly out the window at the sheeting rain and let just a few tears escape. I wasn't in the mood to go on a real crying jag. I would save that for bedtime, when I would have to think about the coming morning. Forks High School had a frightening total of only three hundred and fifty-seven — now fifty-eight — students;