Getting up today? Decidedly not worth it. Really, hottest day of the summer, horrible relatives, paranoia inducing cracks , and your entire secret (yet amazing) world declaring you barmy and ignoring genocidal maniac? Forgive me if I weep for the future just a little bit. For the love of merlin Cedric died! He was murdered and I'm the one with a problem! Hermione was absolutely right, magic replaces a person's common sense. They probably had dumb conversations all the time like: "Hey, did you hear that the kid that defeated You-Know-Who and saved his school from danger three times is claiming He-Who-Has-too-many-Hyphenated-Names is back?" "Merlin's beard! Really? Well he must be an attention seeking brat or completely round the bend! Kids these days." Ok, I might be exaggerating just a little bit. Maybe. Actually, that could have happened. You never really know with wizards. Oh, did I mention that? Yes, my secret world has magic. Let me repeat that. They. Have. Magic. Honestly, but noooo, it's completely ridiculous to even contemplate that the dark tosser might be back. Bloody gits. Wow, I might be spending a bit too much time with my best friends. You know you have a problem when your thoughts start sounding exactly like them. Well, not exactly. I doubt Hermione's ever called Voldemort the dark tosser, but my inner Ron was spot on. Oh yeah, them . Amazing friends who can't be bothered to even tell me anything. Don't get me wrong, I understand they can't really say anything important. Terrorists can read too, you know. I'm not asking for the whole war strategy and a list of allies, but they can't even imply that something's happening? It's like there isn't a homicidal snake-faced git walking around fantasizing about killing me in horrible way. With the lack of anything I sometimes even doubt myself, thinking the ministry might be right. Maybe I really did make up the whole thing to deal with seeing Cedric die. He died. Right in front of me. I watched the whole thing happen and I couldn't do a single thing about it. I couldn't save him… Damnit! Focus Potter! Remember what Madam Pomfrey taught you first year. When it becomes too much focus on the facts. Voldemort killed Cedric. Not you. Doesn't stop the nightmares though, does it? Why thank you inner cynic, that was very helpful. Okay, it did, in fact, have a point. I barely get any sleep dealing with nightmares about the graveyard. What happened there… Nope! Not thinking about it. Sleeping is horrible, but it's not like being awake is much better. Trapped in the neighborhood from hell. At least, the OCD version of it. What I wouldn't do for some diversity. Unfortunately Durskaban is safe, so I'm stuck here until something changes. Which brings me to today. Being yelled at for watching the news of all things, then hearing what sounded like someone apparating. Enough to give anyone the willies. Running to the park was, admittedly, not my best plan. Looking at the competition, that's saying something. Running for my life from dementors though, that's a fantastic idea. Which I should really start doing. Right Now. Yes, the rotten cherry on top of the crappiest cake ever. Dementors. In Little Whinging. Trying to suck out the souls of me and my fat git of a cousin. On the bright side, I've never seen Dudley run so fast. Ah yes, good old Dudley. Forgive me, good old Big D . The watery, tasteless frosting on the crap cake. I was sitting there minding my own business and he and his gang just had to test my surprisingly short temper. Probably shouldn't have pulled my wand on them, even if only Dudley knew what that meant. Wow, running for your life is exhausting, even when you're used to it. Helps you contemplate your life choices though. If I knew I was about to bite it via dementor I definitely would have hexed the wanker. Definitely worth it, The same wanker I just followed blindly into an overpass while being chased by flying soul-sucking demons. Dear lord, I really am an idiot. To bad I'll never get to tell Snape he was right. It was hard to bring my pounding feet to a screeching halt, but somehow I managed to avoid running into Dudley. I readjusted my glasses as they slipped down my sweaty nose. There was an unpleasant ache in my lungs and my muscles burned. That took the back burner to the horrible, soul crushing, all consuming hopelessness that pervaded from the dementors twisted auras. Dudley started quaking despite the heat. I felt small tremors going down my own spine despite my experiences with the horrid things. Then real shivering set in as their malevolent presence froze the underpass we were trapped in. I whipped my head back and forth trying to keep track of the two dementors who were slowly closing in on us. Dudley was babbling and curled up in a ball on the ground. So he was useless. My breath quickened and became erratic. My green eyes blown wide watching the danger enveloping us I knew I had a choice. I could just stand there and pray for help, or I could break the rules and defend myself. Screw the rules. Really, given my history the choice seemed quite obvious. Oh well, the ministry would just have to deal with it. I hoarsely shouted "EXPECTO PATRONUM!" Raspy as my voice was and my magic gummy and tar like from disuse it still flowed through me my wand lit up. Prongs, my stag patronus burst forth and galloped headfirst into the fray. I watched, still awed by the sight, as the blinding pure light of prongs clashed up against the perverse darkness of the dementors. My ears rung as an unholy, inhuman screech erupted from the dementors as the stag patronus gored them and sent them shrieking away back to the hellscape they came from. Oh, shut up, metaphysical wonders make me poetic, okay? With that done I felt my body sag from the strain of casting such a draining spell, especially after a summer of my magic just sitting there stagnant in my core. I fumbled a bit as I shakily turned towards my cousin. Apparently I'm not the only one awed by the sight of a patronus fighting off dementors, because Dudley was just sitting there, staring. It was disconcerting seeing him, still as a statue, with glazed eyes locked on the spot the battle took place. Irritated, tired and a little disturbed by the sight I snapped the fingers of my left hand about a foot from his face. He jumped and his body spasmed a bit as he refocused on me. The sudden movement made my right hand, still holding my wand, twitch and tighten the white knuckled strangle hold I already had on the smooth holly wood. My magic flared a little bit but I clamped down on it. I forced it aside as I put my wand away. I leaned down and offered a hand as I grated out "come on Dudley, we have to get back." he stared back uncomprehending at me for a moment before he slowly stood, ignoring my offered hand. Rude. We slowly made our way out of the underpass and found a face full of a concerned, ranting Mrs. Figg. She caught sight of me and shouted "where on earth is your wand! There could be more of them around! I'm going to kill Mundungus for this!" Wait, what? No, seriously, what? How does crazy old cat lady Mrs. Figg know about magic! " You're a witch" just came sliding out of my mouth without permission. Given the circumstances, I'll let it slide just this once. She stared at me incredulously and barked "no you idiot boy, I'm a Squib." Oh, that made more sense. I listened to her rant about cauldrons and some bird order while my body unconsciously grabbed Dudley and followed behind her. I did catch her mention this Mundungus character a few more times, but I was still processing. I glanced around, still on high alert for any more danger (I also realized my brain had followed Mrs. Figg's order as my wand was back in my hand) and caught sight of Dudley. If I was still processing then Dudley was barely functioning. His eyes had returned to the glazed over stare into the distance he had back in the overpass. He probably didn't have a clue what was going on and didn't seem to be aware of his environment. That was problematic. If something else attacked our ragtag trio and we died because Dudley couldn't get his fat arse moving then I was going to be pissed. The kind of pissed Uncle Vernon gets whenever someone mentions- Oh bloody freaking hell! Pissed is an understatement to how my aunt and uncle would react to their precious little Dudders being attacked. Especially with magic involved. While I was catastrophizing about my family's reaction we somehow made it back to Privet Drive. There was a crack as a smelly ragamuffin of a man appeared. While Mrs. Figg started to lay into him for leaving I just continued on and brought Dudley back to number four. Aunt Petunia met us at the door. Predictably, she had a meltdown of legendary proportions. I wasn't really paying attention, letting myself get shoved off into the kitchen. I stood in the background, perfectly content being ignored, as Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon tried to calm down Dudley. I don't recall exactly what was said but somehow Uncle Vernon found out I was involved and was now right up in my face yelling at me. I reacted without thinking. Uncle Vernon startled me and my brain saw him as a threat. Before anyone knew what was happening my wand was in Uncle Vernon's face. The rest of my body buzzed with tension while my hand remained perfectly still. At some point my magic had flared to protect causing an eerie glow to surrounded me. Uncle Vernon had gone from purple to a strangely green shade of pale. Everything had gone silent as a tense atmosphere slowly engulfed us. I doubt even the sword of Gryffindor could cut through the tension. Owls, of course, had no such qualms against interrupting human foolishness. Proven as a barn owl flew in, dropped of a letter, and left with a complete disregard to the chaos it had just caused to erupt. My magic fizzled out as I approached the letter like it was a dementor. Uncle Vernon was ranting again but was now standing at a distance. Dudley had thrown up and Aunt Petunia was hysterical. Maybe I should rethink my cavalier attitude towards rule breaking, because I had a horrible idea about what that letter was. My hands shaking and fumbling around my wand I slowly opened the letter. My brain reeled as I tried to swallow the new development. I just got expelled from Hogwarts. They were coming to snap my wand. The Ministry was going to kick me out of the magical world. Well that wasn't going to happen. Never in a million years would I give up magic. What could I do though? Run. Yes, I could do that. If Sirius has managed for the last two years then I certainly could. Sirius even had the complication of staying near me. I wouldn't have such a problem, and, well, neither would he. Not anymore. We could run, together. We could go anywhere and start new lives. Just the two of us against the world. Of course the second letter changed that. It was Mr. Weasley telling me Dumbledore would handle it and not to leave the house. Mr. Weasley, the man who had taken me in with nothing more than a smile the summer of second year. It reminded me of the people I would risk