Hello! This is kind of my debut fan fiction... I hope knowing that doesn't stop you from reading it! I'm not going to pressure anyone into giving reviews, but I certainly wouldn't mind. (I would really, really like reviews!) I 'm really proud of this, so if you do decide to review, please don't insult me too viciously. So, now that that's all been said and done, I present to you my totally romance filled, angsty, sort of fluffy pride and joy, The Heartbreak Of A Broken Boy. I invite you to read it and weep... I did. :) Disclaimer: I, as incredibly sad as it is, own none of these characters, places, names, relationships (except for whatever the heck I did with Drarry), situations (except for the ones I made up that aren't canon), and whatnot. As much as it breaks my heart, they do not belong to me. They belong to the glorious and godlessly J. K. Rowling, my and every other potterhead's queen. If all this did belong to me, the ending would go something like this... O how the heartbreak of a broken boy Consumes his every thought and feeling And eats at him 'til he's no more And ruins him beyond all hope If he shields himself From the world's intruding gaze And from the comfort of human sympathy And denies he is worth loving He is doomed to die Of self-hate, and heartbreak Shattered and hateful And all alone 1 It had all begun in their first year at Hogwarts. Draco's scarring heartbreak, his every painful heartache had come from that year, but more than that, had been caused by a boy, one perfect, wonderful boy and his ever stinging words: "I think I can tell the wrong sort for myself, thanks," Harry Potter had told him harshly, leaving Draco's extended hand and his cruel words suspended in the air. Harry's words had hurt like he had walked up to Draco, grinning his adorable smile from ear to ear, and punched him in the stomach. He had seen this boy, Harry Potter, a few times prior to this meeting. In fact, it seemed as though Draco were seeing him everywhere. His adorable grin and stunning green eyes seemingly found him wherever he went, in Madam Malkin's, on the train and even occasionally in his dreams. Having only met him once before this seems impossible, but Draco could distinctly remember Harry's face weaving in and out of his subconsciousness, swimming in the haziness that exists somewhere between being asleep and being awake. So when his parents casually mentioned one morning over breakfast that summer that Harry Potter, The Great Harry Potter, The Boy Who Lived was going to be in his year, Draco was ecstatic. But Draco rarely ever let on how he truly felt about anything. He dismissed this news passively, trying his best to look like he couldn't care less. He never wanted anyone to know how he really felt about anything, for enormous fear of being judged or made fun of. So Draco put up walls, these massive, shielding, skyscrapingly gigantic walls. And to protect these walls and what lay behind them, he was mean. Cruel, sarcastic and rude any and every time anyone ever came close to knowing the truth about him, or anytime he almost wanted to say it himself. He made sure he was the one judging, and not letting others make fun of him. He knew that somehow, for some reason, hurling insults at those less fortunate than he gained him admirers. These followers, just as senselessly nasty as he pretended to be, made him their leader, and he loved the power being their leader granted him, even though he knew it wasn't who he really was. So when Harry Potter, this interesting, famous and adorable boy who Draco yearned so strongly to befriend rejected his friendship, after the introduction Draco had spent weeks rehearsing, it brought Draco near tears. And this pushed his walls up only further. If Harry wasn't going to be his friend, then Draco would have to make him his enemy, make him hurt more than ever, as revenge, and to cover up how he really felt. 2 The Great Hall at Hogwarts was decorated fabulously, the enchanted ceiling's stars glittering high above them, and the glimmer of the golden dishes and goblets shining a bright gold, although Draco hardly noticed. He was busy staring at Harry, almost in a trance, his eyes jumping away from him whenever he thought someone had seen. He was absolutely immersed in Harry's every feature. There simply wasn't a thing about his appearance he didn't like. He was practically put under a spell by his sparkling green eyes, his ridiculous, messy hair, and his cute little grin, the smile holding the purest happiness and the sweetest kindness Draco had ever seen. Draco especially liked his scar. He felt a sharp pang when he remembered what it symbolized; the death of both Harry's parents. He was surprised to discover he felt strangely sympathetic, and had to suppress his odd urge to comfort poor Harry for it. When Draco's turn came to be sorted into his house, he walked up and sat down on the stool at the front of the Great Hall with total ease. As soon as the Sorting Hat had barely touched his head it yelled a booming "SLYTHERIN!" that resounded across the hall, not a single trace of hesitation that wavered in its yell. Draco rose from the stool, walked over to and sat down at his house table without missing a beat. It wasn't that Draco was unhappy with the house he had been given; no, he was quite pleased, it was just that he had expected it. His whole family had been in Slytherin. Draco knew it was where he belonged. But when Draco happily sat down at his table among his fellow Slytherins, he knew his smile was a lie. Because all he could think about as he silently, yet fervently stressed was which house Harry was would be sorted into. Was Draco about to lose him to another house, the one person he had thought he had a real chance at friendship with? Although Harry had already declined his friendship, Draco remained optimistic, but now… As Harry walked up to the front of the Great Hall, Draco prayed Harry would be sorted into Slytherin. He absolutely, with every fibre of his being, needed Harry Potter to be sorted into Slytherin. The entire time he thought this he did his best to act as if he felt otherwise. But as quiet as can be, only to himself, he whispered pleadingly to any cosmic force that could be listening: "Slytherin, Slytherin, please, won't he be sorted into Slytherin…" Unfortunately for Draco, up at the front, facing hundreds of students, Harry Potter was hoping for the exact opposite. With all his heart he wanted to be in any house but Slytherin. Not only had his parents' murderer been a Slytherin, but it was where Draco Malfoy had been sorted as well. As much as he admired this bold, interesting, pureblood boy, whose mischievous grin had captivated him the moment he had seen it, Harry had already lost his chance at Draco's friendship, because he had felt the need to defend his friend. It felt obvious to Harry that Draco could never like him, even though Harry regretted the decision not to be Draco's friend more than anything he had ever known. So Harry, with what seemed like no other choice, chose Gryffindor over Slytherin, for he thought Slytherin could never be his home if Draco weren't his friend. "GRYFFINDOR!" The hat shouted, and one heart sang and one heart sank, when they heard its words. And they each turned away their newfound families, each doing their best to laugh and smile, and try to push thoughts of the other out of their heads. 3 As tthe term began, Draco was delighted to discover he shared several of his classes with Harry. Though he would never act on his still existing and unexplained desire to be Harry's friend (for fear of anyone getting a glimpse, however small, of the real him), he still looked forward to this time immensely. Whenever anyone would ask why he had circled Potions several times on his timetable, he would reply that it was the only class taught by a competent teacher, therefore his favorite and the only one he looked forward to. That was what his father had complained to him and his mother on numerous occasions, and everyone believed without question it was the kind of the thing Draco would say. Draco remained cool and collected at all times, he always knew exactly what to say and was excellent at preventing his true feelings, thoughts, or ideas from escaping his well locked mind. He had a cover for everything and made sure that no one knew of his rapidly growing fondness for Harry Potter. In fact, they were sure he hated him, which pleased him greatly, because it was exactly what he wanted them to think. It saddened Draco deeply when Professor Snape picked on Harry so cruelly in front of the entire class. How was Harry, raised by muggles, supposed to know all of his answers? His frustration at such an injustice caused him to come close getting out of his seat and yelling at Snape himself. He was absolutely nothing but a pathetic, nasty bully. And yet, when Potions was out and the day went on, Draco too mocked Harry mercilessly. He was in the Slytherin common room late one night when he realized that that was just what he was too, a bully, and this realization shook him to his core. Draco tried to convince himself he didn't care, he couldn't allow himself to care. All his life Draco had been a mean, hateful bully. It was how he covered up how he felt on the inside. So it obviously shouldn't have bothered him that his new victim was Harry Potter. He was just another person for him to hurt, so that he could further project his image as the bully that the world thought him to be. But for some inexplicable reason it did, it bothered him, irritated him and upset him more than anything else in the world ever had. At first he was perplexed as to why it bothered him so, and when Draco couldn't uncover any logical reasoning behind it, he became frustrated beyond belief. The reason for Draco hating being Harry's bully was that he didn't like himself being in the position of someone Harry hated. He didn't want Harry to hate him. Because as much as he teased him (and not only to hide his true feelings anymore, for it had also become quite fun getting a reaction out of him), he still wanted Harry to like him. He still wanted ever so much to be his friend, even though Draco knew it was far too late. He was so remorseful and full of regret that he hadn't made more of an effort to be Harry's friend, or even be nice to him in even the smallest way. As he was thinking this, all of his remorse and regret twisted and morphed into wicked, horrible and unnecessary shame. He blamed himself entirely that Harry wasn't his friend, and this blame only made him angry and more hateful and only further fuelled his resentment towards Harry Potter. That same night, Harry sat alone in a plush armchair in the Gryffindor common room, contentedly watching the glowing fire slowly die out. The past few weeks had been the best of his entire life, and he would have been eager to continue with his classes all night if it weren't for his desperate need for sleep. He began to doze off as he was hazily putting the finishing touches on a Charms paper