Originally written for Rare Pair fest on LiveJournal. This is one of my most treasured stories and I truly hope you enjoy! It is going to be 5-6 chapters, so not too long, but beautiful just the same! Beta love goes to JadedStarfire79 and sunshinealeia. Thank you once again ladies! Chapter 1 - Severance x*X*x The air was thick in the crowded room; women done up as spotlights on magazine covers gathered on the sofas and chairs, squealing and giggling in delight at yet another wedding announcement. Millicent smiled outwardly at her picturesque friends, congratulating the most recently engaged familiar. The group of women had been friends for the better part of their years; through childhood and school, surviving the war, now into their adult lives. Millicent had always felt somewhat on the outside of the circle. Though her features were soft and cheered externally, her thoughts ran wild with disconnection and longing. Envy. "Pans! It's gorgeous! Who knew the Weasel could afford such a ring?" admired Daphne holding Pansy's overly decorated hand. Pansy was wiggling her fingers to help exaggerate the diamond's sparkle, and her smile gleamed in equal comparison. "He didn't," she said, grin still evident on her features, "My father did, but Ron assured me he would pay him back." The other girls exchanged expressions of doubt, but Millicent, ever supportive, subtly defended her best friend. "Well, I'm delighted for you. Ron seems to make you very happy," she said holding a smile in place to her excited friend, "Do you have a date planned?" she continued, hoping to shift the topic to anything but how Pansy came to acquire the ring. Pansy beamed at her, "Yes! It's going to be in the spring. I know that doesn't give us a lot of time, but I can't wait any longer for my big day!" Millicent couldn't help but drop her features. How was it she could be completely surrounded by her friends and still feel alone? Her emotions warred inside her for dominance. Half of her wanted to, was, happy for her friend - truly. But, the other half was filled with bitter disappointment. Could it be she knew this would be another event where she sat on the bench rather than by her friend's side at the alter? She never had the opportunity to be a bridesmaid, let alone a bride. She understood, she supposed, the need for that perfect wedding party photo. She was, after all, no size four and she was never classified as a "beauty". Her features were round, and her curves were ever prominent. She could never make the bridesmaid dress look half as flattering as her friends. Still, it hurt her to know she was never fully included in the wedding party. She sighed audibly at her musings, catching the attention of the youngest Greengrass sister. "Sorry, you say something, Milli?" she asked with condescension in her soft, ice blue eyes. Her head was bent to the side, waiting for Millicent to respond with slight impatience. She reminded her of an owl waiting for its treat. "No, I mean yes of course, Astoria," she lied, "I only just noticed the time." Astoria squinted her eyes slightly before she smiled, "You're right! Daph, we should be going. We have dinner with The Malfoys." Daphne halted mid-sentence to exclaim airly, "Oh! Is it time already? Dear, we must be on our way. Our parents would simply Avada me if I delivered Astoria late," she said standing up and gathering her things. Millicent was relieved her lie had worked, and made to say her goodbyes as well. Once Pansy was free from the blonde duo, she smiled at her. "Oh Milli, I'm so glad you came! Lunch soon?" said Pansy, still beaming. Millicent forced a simple smile across her lips, and hugged her friend. "Of course, Pans. Same time each week," she said with a wave, walking over to the fireplace and taking a handful of floo powder. She gave Pansy one last smile before disappearing behind the green flames. x*X*x Millicent was met with eager eyes as she was guided to her usual table by the window, in the same bistro they had been meeting at since leaving Hogwarts. Pansy was smiling, and stood to embrace her friend in a tight hug. "Milli! I'm glad to see you!" said Pansy beaming, "I was afraid it was too short notice!" Milli gave her friend a sincere smile as she sat down at the small square table. It had been a little under a week since she saw Pansy last at her bridal announcement, and was surprised at how much time was lost. "Of course, Pans," she said simply, "our lunch dates are the highlight of my week." Pansy flipped her hair in her debonair grace and picked up her tea. "Same for me, Milli! I wanted to get your thoughts on some wedding ideas I had," she said, cutting to the chase. Millicent didn't mind discussing it. After all, this was important to Pansy and she wanted to support her, no matter the outcome. "What did you have in mind?" Milli said, staring off into the window. She listened as Pansy ran through her long list of ideas, nodding at appropriate times and giving her input where needed. The sun reflected blindingly off the shop windows in the open plaza as strangers were bustling by in their elegant robes, walking with a purpose, a purpose she desperately wanted to understand. She eyed them intently, longing to catch up to the falling sands of time. "...Milli?" she heard Pansy say, snapping her fingers and knocking Millicent from her musings. "Oh, Merlin, I'm sorry, Pans. What was that?" she said pulling her attention back to her dark-haired friend. Pansy sat back in her chair, eyeing her intently before clearing her throat. "I said, the wedding party is still up for discussion. Ron wants that dreadful Hermione woman included in the ceremony. He knows we never got along, especially since they attempted to date those years back," Pansy's pouty expression matched her whiny tone and Millicent frowned: she had dreaded this conversation about the wedding party, knowing her name would never be on that list. "Well, those were tough times for all of us, Pans, and they've been through alot together. I'm sure if there was anything still going on, he wouldn't have asked for your hand," Millicent forced a smile on her face, hoping it reached her dejected eyes. Pansy seemed to agree reluctantly. "Of course, you're right, Milli," she said, features rising again, "I'll have to put her in. It will not do well to argue over such things before our marriage bonds are final." "So, you're going for the ancestral pureblood wedding ritual then?" Millicent asked sitting up perfectly straight. The pureblood ritual was ever bonding, and a beautiful collaboration of old magick and tradition. Formalities drawn from deep in the vaults of pureblood ties. Being a halfbood, Millicent would never have the luxury of being a part of something so intricate, not that she was even close to being in a position of marriage of any form. She sighed, and Pansy leaned forward, placing her hand over her friend's. "Milli, you alright? You spaced out again. Did you even hear me say yes? Ron was actually all for the idea," the wave of concern on Pansy's face washed away as swiftly as it came, continuing the focus on her future plans. Millicent responded with a smile, she was truly happy for her friend, but couldn't help but feel that burn of envy in the pit of her stomach once more. x*X*x She found herself in her flat, keys in hand, with no recollection on how she got there. Her mind was filled with pain, yet completely empty. She was a hollow shell, going through the motions day by day, conforming to the society around her like a sheep in line for the slaughter. She ached for something more; something meaningful, and she couldn't pinpoint exactly when it was she had dug herself in so deep. She was a pencil sketch of gray in a world of vibrant watercolors, and she longed for something to fill her with color. Her eyes stung with unfallen tears as she drug her way further into her flat, setting the keys on a side table and removing her coat. Another day disappeared from her life like a drop of rain in a storm. She stared out into the night, curled up on her window nook with a book and a cup of tea, and sighed into its porcelain. The pages of the publication were stained with damp circles of the fresh salt of her tears, and her tea no longer held its steam. With swollen eyes, she watched the heavy flow of droplets run down the pane of glass, finding sanctuary in the sound of the constant streams hitting the window. Her small, antique clock chimed, waking her from a nap she didn't realize she had taken, and it took her eyes a moment to adjust. The room, full of dancing shadows on the walls from her nearly burnt candles, was otherwise still. Once the clock's chirp diminished, the room fell victim to the sound of the rain outside once more. Millicent laid back pressed against the wall and rubbed her eyes. Her legs had fallen, bent to the side, and her book was spread out on the floor. With her hand still cupping her tea, she placed it on the railing and sat up. Her cat, Attis, seized this moment to leap up onto her lap, rubbing his head under her palm for attention. "At least I have you," she said lightly, giving the creature what he demanded before standing up in a stretch. The clock's chime had indicated the hour was late, but she knew she wouldn't be able to go back to sleep right away. She threw on her coat and made her way to the door. She paused, looking at her fireplace and contemplated using the floo instead, but quickly voted against it, choosing a walk in the open air beneath the rain. She walked for many blocks, umbrella in hand, and relaxed under the night sky. She passed many shops, most of which were closed up, and only saw the occasional passerby with their obvious destinations. Rainwater was rushing down along the curve of the street, splashing lightly at the slightest of turns. Looking down, she caught sight of a magazine, drenched completely with the water passing over it. The tabloid stuck to the concrete, some waterlogged pages pulled from the spine all together, and flapped under the current. She cocked her head at the page that stuck out to her: the Eiffel Tower lit up and loomed over the city of Paris. She longed to be there, to be surrounded in a place known for love and acceptance. Perhaps… no. That idea seemed preposterous. No one goes to Paris alone. Do they? Millicent never imagined leaving the safety of London. She had friends here, a life. But what life was that exactly? A life that she repeated day in and day out; time evaporating around her as she stood still. This wasn't a life. It was a routine. Taking in the pages on the ground, stained with colors bled together, watercolors , she made a vow to change it. x*X*x He sat, slouched in a booth towards the back of the pub and sluggishly held a glass tumbler in his right hand, contents sloshing about as he swayed in his seat. His cigarette laid forgotten in the ashtray on the table, burned to the filter, and left a perfect trail of ashes along the oak surface. His face held a smile as a tall, blonde slid in beside him, caressing his chest as she snuggled into the booth. Her plush, ruby lips grazed his ear, and not minding the attention from onlookers