This story is written for fun! These characters belong to JK Rowling. This was written for Strictly Dramione's Spring Fest. SlytherinPrincessNurse1994 gave a pretty interesting prompt, so I couldn't refuse! I have revamped and extended this! Hoping for quite a bit more chapters for it :) There were seven when I started, so I'm hoping to extend on certain scenes to really bring this story to life! Beta Love to Jaded-Starfire and sunshinealeia A Warm Welcome The halls were filled with excruciating mocks and sneers as he made his way to his dormitory. For hosting as his home all those years, the walls and turns were unfamiliar to him now. It was as if he'd never attended school there at all. Even faces he'd seen in classes past seemed to fail his memory. It was probably for the best. After all, he was seen by his schoolmates as nothing more than a mere wolf among the sheep. Cautious and judging eyes lingered too long on his person as he passed, and he began to feel uneasy. He was once a proud prince in this stone castle turned catacomb school. He wasn't quite sure how to face the fact that he wouldn't have his cronies to protect him, should a lion brave a hunt. He frowned at the memory, knowing damn well his final year here would be utter hell, with or without his followers. When he reached the dungeons he paused, pressing his hand against the wall with his head down in a sigh, delaying entering the common room. Finally, after shoving the starting signs of a headache down, he muttered the password and stepped inside. It was colder than he remembered, and he had grown to loathe the sight of the lake from the opposing walls. He was already drowning in his mind at his newfound world after the war and he didn't need reminding that these walls were the epitome of that reality. He released a moan from his frustration, holding his temple as his head pounded in his skull, and stormed to his dormitory, happy to see that it, like the main common room, held no other occupants. He sighed again and sat down hard on the bed, throwing his hands up to his face, and running his fingers through his blond hair. He truly wished he had denied the notion of returning to Hogwarts but his mother insisted. The door creaked and Draco looked up to see piercing blue eyes greeting him at the door frame. Theo Nott walked over, setting his bag down on a bed opposite to Draco in silence, looking over at his old housemate. "Well this has been a warm welcome," he said sarcastically. His features were soft, and his lips were curled into a smirk, "has it always been so damn cold in here?" A laugh escaped Draco's lips. It would appear as though Theo felt the same animosity upon returning to school. "So, it's not just me then," he said matter of factly. Theo quirked a brow at him. "Ha, you're not the only one whose father chose to follow the Dark Lord. Only difference is, yours didn't get himself blown up," he paused in faux thought, his smirk morphing into a full-length grin, "a blessing, that." Draco breathed a laugh at his friend, surprisingly grateful for the companionship. It was a welcoming change to the greetings he'd received from others since he arrived back. He hadn't spoken much to anyone since the war. His parents had rushed him off and shielded him before any further damage could be done, unaware to the trials they would come to face thereafter. They shut themselves off from most of their familiars, only conversing with Order members here and there, to "check in" so to speak since they narrowly escaped the restraints of Azkaban. He often wondered how his friends coped with it all. "Where did you go?" he heard himself asking in a low tone, "You know, after it all." Theo seemed to contemplate for a period before looking back at Draco. His features hardened slightly, and he flexed his jaw. "You know, here and there. I was wasting my father's money at The White Wyvern. They had rooms conveniently located near the bar, so I hid out there. I ran into Millicent over the summer at the Apothecary." Draco raised his brow at that and Theo scoffed. "I needed a hangover cure, mate. And she was there to gather ingredients for some potion. Anyway, we started talking and she practically demanded I go back to her place with her." When Draco didn't respond right away, Theo continued, shifting his focus to the floor. "Her dad was locked up you know. It was just her and her gran in that big ol' house. They were spared, like us, after the war. So, they took me in." "So, you've been shacked up at the Bulstrode's then?" Draco asked. Theo nodded absently, and he felt a wave of relief sweep over him. When Theo began his story, Draco cringed at the thought of his friend held in the back of some pub in Knockturn Alley. They both knew that was the last place any of them should have ended up, and the tales of that particular pub never ended on a positive note. "You could have owled me, Theo." Theo derided his reply, shaking his head. "And what, mate? Your family wanted nothing further to do with anyone associated with Death Eaters any more than I did." Draco frowned. He knew Theo was right, but surely his parents wouldn't have turned him away. Surely they would have helped his friend stay above the dark waters. "So, I did what most of the degenerate children of The Almighty Lord 's followers did. I ran." Silence swept over them after that. It wasn't uncomfortable, but more so an understanding. An equal comprehension that they were the very thing they were taught to hate: the lesser class. x*X*x Hermione ran her fingers along the rough stone of the wall, her opposite shoulder balancing her bag full of books. She strolled alone to the Gryffindor common room, stumbling as her bag occasionally tripped up her footing as she walked, and ignored the sly remarks from her former housemates. She was once a "hero", a proud Gryffindor who assisted The Chosen One to defeat Voldemort and saved the world. It sounded so extravagant, the role of the mighty warrior defeating the darkest wizard in centuries! But eventually the last of the glitter falls, the lights go out, and the curtain closes, leaving you to sweep the mess of your private life off the floor. It caused strain for her and Ron, who finally gave in to the idea of being more than friends. The constant threat of not waking up the next day, the comfort they held in each other's company whilst out in the middle of Merlin knows where, was all they had to keep them going. But once the war ended so did her purpose. Their purpose. And he took to the company of whiskey over her own. She walked up to the portrait; the same Fat Lady sat with her nose in the air. She eyed Hermione, only nodding when she said the password aquam superminet , and she entered the common room. The familiar colors of red and gold in the circular space seemed dark and unwelcoming, unlike her past years spent in this space. She frowned, looking at the plush armchairs as her mind raced through past memories. She sighed, thinking of all the treasured times spent in front of the fireplace with Harry and Ron, reading the bulletin board with Ginny, or getting onto the boys for their lack of study habits. She felt tears sting her eyes at her spiteful reminiscence of the "good ol days" and walked up to the dormitories, once again ignoring the other lions and their silent snarls. She was met with the fiery color of red as the seventh year flipped her hair back to face her. Ginny Weasley was busy unpacking, but stopped abruptly upon seeing Hermione, and her sharp brown eyes bore into her, and were fixated on Hermione's every move. She shifted, walking sideways to an unclaimed bed and sat her bag down, careful not to anger the red-headed girl. "Ginny, I-" began Hermione softly. "Save it, Hermione," said Ginny cutting her off sharply. "Hero life get too dull for you? Haven't you interfered with my life enough?" Her tone was short and her pitch was high. Hermione was stunned, giving the girl a full glance over before turning her attention back to her bag. "Oh, right. You're too high on the status chain to give a response now?" She scoffed, grabbing her own bag and stomping unflatteringly out the door, slandering her name as she stormed down the stairs. Hermione coughed a laugh, not at all surprised at the girl's attitude, as she had dealt with similar behaviors for weeks now. She clenched her jaw and sat down upon the bed, forcing her unfallen tears back with her head down. She missed her life before, where she was surrounded by her ever supportive friends. Ginny resented her for the relationship she had with Harry; the special friendship gained from being so close. She accused Hermione on more than one occasion of having feelings stronger than that of friendship, which was absurd. Harry was like a brother to her. A brother where she took him under her protection and saved his life on numerous occasions. Perhaps that was another part to Ginny's newfound indignance towards her. Then there was Harry himself. The boy, now man, who turned his shoulder after the war, left her alone to deal with the struggles of living in his shadow all those years. He grew cold and indifferent, even when Voldemort fell. Like a darkness swept over him altogether. He wouldn't return her owls, her floos, and shoved her off when she tried to visit him. It was all strange to her, when he continually turned a blind eye after she reached out to him about Ron. Her mind trailed back to that day with Harry. It had been raining that day, ironically reflecting her current mood as she knocked insistently on Harry's door. When he swung the door open at last, she had already been soaked to the bone, her hair in loose ringlets and sticking to her face and neck. She had been thankful for the rain as it hid the evident tears in her eyes. She had hoped her going to Harry would make it better, make the weight of her depression fade, and he would comfort her as they always did. But that wasn't the case. He stood there, looming in the doorway as the rain slammed down on her, his cheery green eyes lost behind a dark, murky void expression. He crossed his arms, silently curling the side of his lip as if her presence alone was that repulsive. " Harry," she said, folding her arms beneath her, trying to shake off the chill that had begun to course over her. " What do you want Hermione?" he asked shortly, giving no indication of inviting her in. Her mouth went agape, rain dropping from her lips as they shook from the cold. " I just thought we could talk. Harry, Ron and I-" " Hermione, this doesn't concern me. Let Ron do what he wants for once instead of dictating how or what we should or should not be doing. It's time you back off." The door was shut in her face the moment the last of his words spit from his mouth. She could hear laughter from a certain red-head coming from inside, knowing damn well Ginny approved of his behavior. That was the last time Hermione attempted to reach out to him, returning home to an empty house, as Ron was nowhere