Disclaimer: J.K. Rowling owns Harry Potter Serpent Tongue: Chapter One: Discoveries in Diagon Alley AN: At long last, I am posting the fic that I'm sure you've all been looking forward to, given by the positive response my Slytherin!Hope snippets. I know I planned to post this, like, a year ago, but time got away from me and Serpent Tongue's chapters are going to be more than twice as long as Looking Beyond's. (For those of you who are reading this before Looking Beyond and are confused, the genderbent Harry is already in existence in a 150 chapter long fic, this is merely a 'If Hope Potter was more clever and ambitious than I wrote her originally' kind of fic) Self-sufficient nearly ten year olds aren't particularly uncommon, particularly when they grow up in a situation where they are forced to think less like a child and more like an adult. That was the kind of situation Hope Potter grew up in. At ten years old, Hope Potter had perfected the art of unnerving stares, sly smiles, and cold eyes that stabbed you when you least expected it. She was clever and silent, like a snake in the grass waiting to strike some who met her thought. Even at a young age, this had been obvious to Hope. It had also been obvious to her that she was not normal or ordinary. Magic did not come as much of a surprise to her, but it certainly garnered a bit more of an awed expression than most things Hope had experienced in life. Children could not just turn their hair and eyes different colours and change the shape of their face and body, at least ordinary children could not. Because Hope Potter was not ordinary; she was a witch. And suddenly why her family hated her so much became crystal clear. Life with the Dursleys was a misery to be sure, but Hope refused to leave without a plan set in place, without one, she would probably find herself lost and confused. So, Hope spent most of her days in the town library, immersed in the shelves, melting into the background, searching for a way into the magical side of her life, in the hopes that she would get far away from the Dursleys, and that was where he found her. But most of the books that the library possessed were not the type she was searching for, in fact, most of them dealt with the early witch trials. The images burned into Hope's mind as she shut the books with a grimace marring her lips. There really wasn't anything of value, was there? "You won't find what you're looking for there," a pleasant voice commented and she looked up. The stranger was beautiful with a head of loose bronze curls, and etched features as though from marble like a Greek statue she'd seen in her history books. His spectacles glinted from the sunlight filtering through the window, making it impossible to see the eyes beyond, even if the lenses weren't darkened. A dark eyebrow rose as she studied him appraisingly. "Where would I find what I'm looking for?" she asked and he smiled. "You? Perhaps Gringotts might be of service, dearest," he hummed and Hope started at the name he referred to her with. "Gringotts?" she asked instead, tilting her head slightly, a few stray dark curls falling out of her loose ponytail and against her neck (she didn't wear it up or long when Dudley's around, because he always took it as an invitation to tug). "What's a Gringotts?" "It's a bank, dearest," the man spoke lightly, fingers hooking into the pockets of his jeans before withdrawing a small card and extending it to her. "You'll find what you're looking for there." Hope's eyebrows wrinkled together in confusion as she read the address, opening her mouth to speak, but when she looked up he'd gone. She looked around, but there wasn't any trace of him. He'd vanished…like magic . Green eyes considered the card and then she shoved her books back in her bag, hoisting it high on her shoulder as she exited the library swiftly, nearly knocking into a bushy haired girl walking animatedly beside her father. Hailing a cab was no trouble and paying for the trip was even less. Hope had been systematically stealing several pounds a week for months now with only about a pound a day to keep her guardians from being suspicious. Convincing the cabbie that she wasn't going to be on her own was another thing entirely, but eventually Hope found herself at the address on the back of the card, at a place called the Leaky Cauldron. Hope eyed the establishment with a dubious air. Perhaps she shouldn't have trusted the word of a stranger who hadn't even told her his name, but there had been an air of familiarity about him. The dark-haired girl gave a small sigh and pushed the door open and entered what she discovered to be a pub. It was the strangest place Hope had ever seen and Petunia would probably be frothing at the mouth at how dirty it was. The clientele were certainly the strangest part about the pub. One man looked so pale he could have competed with Hope's Stranger's complexion, but the hint of fangs peeked out of the edges of his mouth as he drank a red drink that smeared the colour over his lips made them very different. There was a woman with a hooked nose and more warts than Hope had seen in her life sitting at a window muttering gibberish under her breath. "Can I help you, little miss?" Hope jerked at the question, lifting her gaze to the man who had been wiping down the bar. He was a balding man with pale eyes and by far the most human-looking person Hope had seen since she'd stepped foot in the pub. "Erm, yes," Hope twisted the card between her fingers, "can you tell me how I get to…Gringotts?" The man gave her a kindly smile before pointing her in the direction of a door that led outside, but only to a short wall. Maybe he was having her on. Hope lifted a hand to brush it over the harsh stones only to jump back in startled surprise when they melted away at her merest touch. Her mouth fell open and she gaped widely as the stones had exposed an alley along a rickety road with a number of misshapen buildings seemingly smashed against each other. It had an old feel to it, like she had stepped into a town in the tenth century. Hope doubted she'd ever been down a road that she'd liked as much as Diagon Alley (as according to the small card that was the road's name). "I see you found your way here well enough." Hope tilted her head back to look up to the speaker. It was the man again, with a smirk present on his lips. "Well enough," Hope agreed, repeating his words with narrowed eyes. "Now, are you going to tell me why I'm looking for a bank called Gringotts?" A russet-coloured eyebrow arched and the smirk on his lips widened. "Do you always go where strangers tell you to?" "Of course not," Hope said with an air of distinct annoyance. "But there's something…odd about you…" She was sure his eyes were glinting behind those shaded spectacles of his. "Odd? Surely not!" She scowled further, turning her eyebrows orange briefly before they returned to the typical black as the man knelt in front of her so that their heads were now level and then he took off his glasses. Where his eyes should have been was solid black, as though onyx had been grafted to his eye sockets. Hope started slightly in surprise at his eyes, but her surprise settled quickly into caution. "Who are you?" she asked with eyebrows drawing together, confusion evident on her face. "I," the man said with a great deal of amusement as he replaced the spectacles over his eyes, "am Thanatos, Hope, do you know what that means?" How he learned her name, Hope had no idea and it only served to increase her suspicion towards him. "Thanatos is the death god in Greek mythology," Hope intoned in a rather dubious voice, crossing her arms and canting her head. "You're a Greek god?" "Don't believe in gods, dearest?" Thanatos hummed, lips twisting upwards. "I'm polytheistic, of course I believe in gods, I just don't believe that you're a god," Hope clarified, looking him up and down. Of course, he certainly had the bearing of a god, as though he'd watched an age go by. "Oh, and what makes you think I'm not a god?" Dark eyes glinted as he grinned. Hope wrinkled her nose at him. "You look too ordinary," she decided with an air of finality. "Perhaps I wouldn't stand out as much if I wore my toga," he mused thoughtfully. Hope's lips pursed together. "Okay…you might be a god," she conceded, "but why would the god of death have an interest in me? Am I on your To-Die List?" "You do know there actually isn't a list…I'm not the grim reaper," Thanatos sighed, ducking his head slightly in exasperation. Hope arched an eyebrow. "Technically, the names are kept in a book," Thanatos muttered, "but that's not the point." "There was a point?" Hope asked innocently, earning a firm stare in return. "A long time ago I had three sons," Thanatos told her, "one was named Ignotus Peverell, Hope, and he was your ancestor." She opened her mouth, confusion clear in her eyes which filtered into a bright impossible blue briefly as she tried to wrap her head around that idea, that Hope Potter, the girl with dead parents and a different hair colour every day of the week when in school, could actually be related to Death himself. Hope compared herself to him. Their hair and eyes were very different, but Hope could change her features at will, so that didn't really mean anything; Hope had never seen a picture of her parents, so she couldn't be sure which one she'd inherited her features from. And Hope had always been rather fair, though not to deathly pale that he was…but if he was her ancestor, there wouldn't be many traits that she could have inherited from him given how distant she was from him on the family tree…if he was telling the truth, that is. "Prove it," she said, with the foreknowledge that it wasn't going to end well for her. Thankfully, there weren't many on the street to bear witness to her failings. Thanatos, it seemed, had been waiting just for a response like that and before Hope could start to fully regret her decision, he had smirked widely and the air rippled around his hand as a cloth scroll came into being. "Your family tree," he said, extending it to her with a flourish as an intricately carved knife fell from within the furls of the cloths. Hope had never seen anything like it before in her life. It was more a piece of art than a weapon, a thing of beauty rather than destruction. Perhaps that was what its forger had been going for. She hefted it with fascination, letting the light refract off every surface it held. The blade was silver, but more of a dull silver than one that shone, and Hope suspected that was intentional, with a hilt that more closely resembled a tree branch around which a snake was wound. "Who's is this?" she couldn't help asking. "I believe it once belonged to Morea Avis, the wife of Salazar Slytherin." "Who?" They sounded like remarkably odd names if you asked Hope. Morea sounded a bit Greek, but Salazar…that wasn't a name she could imagine anyone using. "Consider them the patriarch and matriarch to the family