Author's Note: The song in this prologue is "Borrow Mine" by Bebo Norman. I did not write it, nor do I own it; I just liked the lyrics! This prologue is set some weeks after the events of "The Lost Found," but before "The Demon Faced." Also, by the by, someone posted a review that this story, or Enguina, I take it, is a Mary Sue. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong, lol, but I thought the definition of a Mary Sue was someone who swooped in to save the day and was a flawless, perfect character. Enguina is actually none of those things in this story-she has a temper, she is not the hero, and she has had a challenging and rough past. None of these things make her unflawed, nor does she actually save Legolas from danger, though she may try. Anyway, someone reviewed and said this was a Mary Sue, but I guess if it is, it is. I just thought that it didn't fit the definition of a Mary Sue; correct me if I'm wrong! Besides, who needs a Mary Sue when you have the characters Tolkien created, right? Aragorn, Legolas, Faramir-aren't they heroic enough? LOL Anyway, enjoy the story if you're interested! Prologue Darkness …that was what she saw first when her eyes cleared, and she felt it and tasted it and hated it. She found it closing in around her and crushing her, consuming her—taking her down into the depths of the dark that flooded her mind and heart. She could barely fight it, weakened as she was by the horrible dreams that plagued her almost every night. She could feel her greatest fears coming ever closer, pouring over her so quickly that she shivered against her will beneath the warmth of the blankets. In her head she could see him…feel him. In her mind his hands were on her, his body pressing down into hers and crushing her into the snow near Ithilien…her stomach spun. Staring into the darkness of her room, wide awake, she hardly dared to move. Her eyes searched the walls for any sign that there was anyone but her in the room, anyone at all—she could see nothing, not that it meant anything. No one had ever been here before, but there was something different in the shadows tonight…something frightening. Hardly able to convince herself to move, she wrenched forward to sit up so that she could see the floor—no one present there either. Her heart leapt into her throat and she fought back the wave of sickness that flooded her as she yanked the blankets from her body. The pressure in her chest was extreme, but she slid her feet to the floor, unable to lie in the bed any longer. She rose, staggering along the width of her bedroom until she could lean against the wall for support. She stood there, trying to catch her breath, the shadows in the room closing in around her, frightening her. Closing her eyes tight against them and folding her arms cross her chest seemed a good defense against the dark, but it did nothing to soothe her, and the thought of being unable to see the trouble when it emerged from the shadows to get her left her only one choice—open them again. Wrenching them open, she let them flash around the darkness, trying desperately to see movement in the shadows. Somewhere in the depths of her thoughts she knew that this was foolish , but her terror far outweighed it; she knew there was nothing in this room that was waiting for her…nothing that was going to emerge from the shadows and wrap hurtful arms around her and tear at her soul. Her breath came in gasps, and as she leaned her weary body against the wall, her head back, she began shaking once more. She felt as though she was going to be sick; she wanted to heave from the fear and terror that filled her in the darkness. She had to escape it, beat it, fight it back…but she could never do it. Her heart cried aloud to Ilúvatar; every night… every night for the last two weeks it had been one of those dreams, over and over. Never before had she had the nightmare so many nights; her heart was full of dread. Please…Father, Eru, Ilúvatar, strong tower of strength…help me! Help me ! Do not let me remain here in this darkness…terrified…too terrified to move! She had to get out, and if she could trust her legs, she would do so. She reached out a shaking hand towards the chair, grasping at the wrap that lay across its back. It slipped through her fingers and to the floor. Immediately, she yanked her arm back to the wall and pressed herself against it, gasping for breath. Fool! Fool! There is nothing to terrify you! Grab it and run! Get moving feet and hands, grab the shawl and run! Oh, just forget the shawl! Forget it and run! In another second she shoved herself from the wall and bolted across the bedroom, down the hall, through the kitchen and out the front door of the guesthouse. Once outside, she thought she might be better; the cool night air filled her lungs, her bare feet slapping the stone as though she was running for her life…and in her heart and mind, she was. Better outside ? Ha ! All around her she could feel the darkness pressing in; it was a new moon, and it was so dark. She wanted nothing more than to either scream aloud or be sick right there on the cobblestones. She held her breath, though her lungs felt as if they would burst, and she ran faster, pouring on the speed so that nothing could reach her, nothing could touch her… please…please! Let me make it before…before… She knew she had reached her destination when she nearly collided with the front door. Reaching up, she slammed her open hand against it and then whirled around, staring out into the night behind her, her back pressed against the door as though something was holding her to it but she was really just too terrified to move. Finally, she had no choice but to breathe and the gasp that she brought in made her head and stomach spin. Her eyes darted about as though whatever was lurking was going to get her, was going to reach out and grab her… But thankfully, by the grace of Ilúvatar, she had only been standing against the door for four seconds. The lock clicked; she knew it was the doorknob and she whirled around, her hair and eyes nearly wild. The elf's hands immediately fell to her shoulders after the door had opened and his voice was soft and comforting. "Enguina?" Legolas asked, and simply hearing him speak her name with calm served to slow her frantic breathing. "What is it, moina quén ?" The words were not even out of Legolas' mouth before he wanted to hit himself even for asking. He already knew what the matter was. Enguina swallowed hard and he slowly drew her near, knowing she was unable to answer. She let out one sob as he drew her against his chest, but she was so stiff and frightened that he could not get her to loosen so that she might take comfort in the warmth he offered. Her whole body began to shake as she leaned against him, his arms tight around her. Not again…not this nightmare again… Once again, he was amazed she had made it to his front door before collapsing; she was so full of hurt. He rested his head on hers, closing his eyes as he felt her tears begin soaking into his tunic. He ran his fingers gently through her hair, trying to bring her comfort. "Can…" she whispered, trembling all over, "can we please…not stand out here?" She sounded as though she was freezing, but Legolas knew it was because she was terrified. "Gimli is asleep inside," he said softly, thinking that perhaps she would not wish to remain there. "But we can sit near the fire and I—" "No," she said and he stopped as he had been reaching for the door. He hesitated, unsure of what that meant. "We shall walk then…" he said in the same soothing tones as before. "I will walk you home, and then I will remain at your side." "I do not know if I can…" she stuttered and, though he kept his arm tightly about her, he began to turn them around to face the guesthouse. "Of course you can," he said, trying to ease her fear. "I am here with you…nothing can harm you." He noticed how her fingers clutched the front of his tunic, but he collected her hands and held them within his own. "Shall we go?" he whispered, and she carefully moved a step forward…and then another step…and then they were walking slowly towards the door. He could see her eyes flickering back and forth across the dark of the street, her body trembling against his even as they walked. They walked for a few more paces and he rubbed her arms as they drew closer. "Keep your eyes on the door," he said, "and I shall watch the street." Her eyes lifted slowly to the door, and then suddenly she stopped in her tracks, her hands gripping his arm as she turned into him; he winced as her nails pierced his flesh. "The door…the door…" she whispered, her voice breaking. "The door…it is…" "It is open?" Legolas supplied to finish her sentence and he stared at it. It looked as though it had been thrown open in a hurry, not as though someone had been sneaking about. Yet, he felt as though it would not dampen her worry to tell her that. "Are you certain that you closed it?" he asked softly, and she shook her head roughly against his chest. "No…" she whispered hoarsely, "I cannot remember." The terror in her voice was plain. Legolas comfortingly ran a hand across her shoulders. "That is all right," he replied. "Come with me and I shall check the house. There is no one inside; no one is going to hurt you." He knew that she was frightened, but they moved to the door and went inside anyway; she tried to believe in his promises, his word. Everything in the kitchen was untouched…or at least it was exactly the way Enguina had left it. Legolas closed the door, and she was still in his arms. "Stay right here," he said gently. Setting her back against the door, he kissed her forehead and then released her to explore every room. Her bedroom was in a right state, the sheets lying in tangles on the floor, the chair near the dressing table overturned. She had not fought with anyone for her defense…she had been fighting herself. Returning to her side, he took her back in his arms and then, carefully, he sat her down before the fireplace in the drawing room. She did not want to let him go again, but he got her to release him for a moment so that he could light a fire to give her some warmth. He was going to make her some tea, but thought against it. Right now, his presence was what she needed the most; he felt her pain as though it was his own. She had not called for him tonight in her sleep. He was quiet as he held her close; she had relaxed only a little, but it was enough to get her to rest her head on his chest. No, this was certainly not the first nightmare, and he knew it would not be the last. Unsure of the entirety of the dream, he only could surround her with his love and hope that