Author's Note: I updated this story to Rating M, just to be safe. One of the most recent Chapter Updates includes a scene that is in flashback form but I wanted to cover myself so everyone knows. The sunlight spilled through the window, lighting the features of her sleeping face. The light woke her slowly, as if the sun itself did not yet want to rise. Truth be told, she knew what awaited her when she awoke fully—the misery of a morning illness. Her stomach did a slight turnover, and that was the moment she first realized that she must be fully awake. She took a deep breath, trying to calm her swirling stomach. Rolling gently onto her back, she tried to soothe the feeling of throwing up all she had for dinner last evening. She hated waking up to that feeling, but there had not been an option lately. What she did like waking up to every morning was the man she knew lay beside her, and of late, the notion that she was with child. With child… The thought made a smile break onto her beautiful face, and she turned her head to her left to look on the handsome form of her beloved. She watched as the sun slowly rose in the window, lifting the light on his face upward with it. He slept peacefully, and she smiled again, moving her hand forward to run her fingers through his long, soft brown hair. He smiled. She gave him a suspicious look. "Aragorn…" she whispered softly, "are you awake, melda?" She traced her fingers down his cheek, feeling the prickliness of his beard, and then realized that he was not awake. He must be having a very good dream. For him to smile in his sleep was rare, and the days she caught him were even more so. She treasured the days when she awoke first, for normally, she would wake and find him watching her sleep. Today, she could watch him slowly awaken with the dawn. She must have kept him up too late last night. Ah well… She smiled at the thought of keeping him up late again…though she could not do it too often, the Council would complain that he was lacking as a King, though he never was. Aragorn lived for the people, and no matter what job was required of him, he did it with his whole heart. She loved him so, and her smile grew as she thought of it. Her smile faded, and she swallowed again, closing her eyes against the feel of the morning breeze on her cheek. Calm stomach…calm… How she hated that feeling! She rolled onto her left side for a moment and gently brushed his lips with hers. Carefully, she slipped from their bed, allowing him to stay asleep for however much longer his own body would permit. Slipping on her robe and tying it, she moved quietly to the window, thinking of her morning illness, but even more thinking of what that meant. A child…a babe that was hers and Aragorn's. He was the happiest man in the world, not that he had not been happy before, but they had waited so long; nearly seven years they had been wed and they had no children. He would be the most wonderful father, for she had always thought so and had never doubted for a moment how badly either of them wanted children. From the old days, it had always been difficult for elves to have children, and she was so certain that they had been blessed. She and Aragorn had been blessed with a child, and from the moment it was discovered, they had been thanking Eru ever since. It did not matter to her whether the child was boy or girl, just that it was hers and Aragorn's…that the child was of their union and of Eru's making. No matter how difficult the carrying of this child would be, she would gladly bear it. She rested her head against the wooden border of the window of the King's House—their home. Gondor never looked more beautiful than just before morning and just before nightfall. Her mind still focused on the small life within her; she began to sing softly to that life, a lullaby that she remembered since she was just a little girl: Lissë titta lapsë, hlaralye sina nînóma? Lissë titta hina, rato nuvalye ranquiesse nîn. Lissë titta lapsë, rato cenuvalye i récal. Lissë titta hina, rato nuvalye ranquiesse nîn. Lissë titta lapsë, oloe i réieva túl. Lissë titta hina, rato nuvalye ranquiesse nîn. Lissë titta lapsë, hina nîn, i menelanna. Lissë titta hina, rato nuvalye ranquiesse nîn. Rato nuvalye ranquiesse nîn. "[Sweet little babe, can you hear this voice of mine? Sweet little child, soon you will be in my arms. Sweet little babe, soon you will see the light of day. Sweet little child, soon you will be in my arms. Sweet little babe, dream of the days to come. Sweet little child, soon you will be in my arms. Sweet little babe, my child, the gift from heaven. Sweet little child, soon you will be in my arms. Soon you will be in my arms.]" She had been so focused on the small soul within her that she had not heard Aragorn rise from the bed. He had listened to her nearly whispered song, and had almost fallen back asleep to it. She looked so radiant standing there in the morning light that she took his breath away; he took in her long legs, her dark hair, her lithe figure…. As her voice trailed off, he moved up behind her and gently placed his arms about her, his hands stretching gently over her womb. She closed her eyes, and laid her head back against his chest, feeling the soft fabric of his robe brush her cheek. She smiled softly. "Arwen…" he whispered, and brushed his lips to her neck, trailing kisses along her jaw. She laid a hand on his face, feeling his beard once again, and she held his chin as she gave him a gentle kiss. She slipped her left hand over his. "How are you feeling this morning, beloved?" She smiled at him, and swallowed again. "The usual, verno." He lifted her chin so that his eyes met hers, and he looked at her seriously. "That badly?" he questioned her, his expression concerned. "Perhaps you should still be in bed." She laughed gently, her voice filling the room, and she shook her head at him. "If I were to lie down at every ill moment, I would not get out of our bed." He smiled then. "Then to think, you would always be where I want you," he laughed. She slapped the arm wrapped about her waist. "Where you want me?" "Well…not always; this morning I hoped you would be feeling well enough for a ride. Asfaloth has been questioning me quite a bit lately, and I thought perhaps you would go down and calm his fear that you no longer love him as much as you once did." She frowned. "I do not see him as often as I would like," she admitted. "He knows you still love him," he said, stroking her hair away from her face. "But he misses you, nonetheless." "I do not think I will make it down there today, but I still think that you should go. Do not punish Brego and Asfaloth for your wife's sake. Take them for their ride." "They enjoy it when you come," he said seriously. She smiled tenderly at him. "I know it. However…" "I understand. And you are right; Brego will be angry with me if I do not go down. I will give your love to them, of course." He sighed, and then his face became affectionate. "How is our child this morning?" "Not kicking yet," she laughed, "but I am certain she is wonderful." "And soothed by your loving voice, no doubt." She smiled at him as he ran his hands along the small bump that was her womb. "You heard me," she stated. "Near the end of your song, I did wake," he said, and then he tilted his head over her shoulder and looked down at her belly. "Good morning, little one. Daddy was listening to Mother sing to you; her voice is so beautiful, is it not? And when you are here with us, in our arms, Mommy will sing to you all the time." "And Daddy," Arwen said softly and he leaned his face into her throat and kissed her skin. She trembled, smiling slyly to herself. "And here, I thought Daddy was so tired that his body had abandoned all sense of time." His eyes darkened, and certainly not with anger. "If there were enough time—" "Ah…but then you would be exhausted again, and Faramir would say that you are too tired to be King Elessar today." He gave her a look that at any other time would have taken down the walls she had in place to protect herself from him taking her back to their bed. She quickly looked away and moved from his arms. He reached out to grab her, but she slipped out of his reach with a short laugh. She glanced back at him and saw his desire for her in his eyes. "Aragorn…must I get a rein for you as well as for Brego?" she asked. He gave her that smile, the one only meant for her. "My love…a bit as well." "Aragorn…" she warned, as he moved a step closer to her. She held out her hand palm outward, and he stopped short. "Control yourself…behave…" she scolded. "You have much to do today…your work with Legolas and Gimli on the rebuilding of the wall—" "Legolas and Gimli may wait." He took a step closer. "—Faramir may need your help with the guards—" "Faramir can deal with it alone." He took another step. "—Brego will be angry—" "If Brego had a wife such as you, he would completely understand. Nevertheless, I will explain the situation to him and he will realize that he should not be angry." He was within an arm's length of her now, and her hand was pressed against his chest, still holding him at bay. She laughed. "You will tell Brego?" "Everything…" he said softly, lowering his voice purposely to seduce her to lean closer to hear him. "Brego hears all; he will understand." "I do not—Aragorn!" At the last moment, he reached for her, and she just escaped, hurrying out of his reach. Instead of giving up like she thought he would, he gave chase. She burst out laughing as he chased her out of their bedroom, through the sitting room, around their dining room table, and back into the bedroom. She rounded the doorway, just as he caught up with her. He reached out and snatched her about the little bump, his arm wrapping lower over her hips, and she cried out in laughter as he pulled her towards him and then pushed her back gently up against the wall. He held one arm on either side of her to keep her in place. Bending his head low, he gave her a gentle kiss. She sighed after kissing him in return. "You should go now," she said softly. He nodded slightly, and leaned over to kiss her again, this time on her forehead. He straightened and brushed her hair from her face. Smiling, he turned away to get dressed. She laughed and eyed his back suspiciously. "You had no intention of seducing me…" He flashed her a smile over his shoulder. "The thrill of the chase, meleth nîn, though I could have laid you back in that bed. Sadly, I cannot meet you for breakfast. I am going immediately to help supervise the wall after Brego's ride, so I will not see you before dinner. Try not