"Enguina! Are you coming inside for breakfast?" Enguina heard Erumar's words, but they did not sink deeply enough into her brain for her to process them and then answer her; in fact, it was only a second before she entirely forgot someone had spoken. She was seated outside in her garden as she had been for nearly an hour. This morning she had woken with the dawn— annoying —and with no good reason to be awake. Legolas would have said that there must have been a reason, but she was more likely to assume it was because the bundle of mischief inside her refused to let her lie down longer than four hours put together before it decided to wake up and bounce around. If Legolas had been there, he would have laughed at her musings and kissed the top of her head—but he was not. She breathed in the scent of the flowers around her and smiled even though her heart panged with longing for Legolas and his arms. Why did he have to be away? Oh, she knew the answer to that—Gimli had begged him to come to the Glittering Caves, and there was no chance he would not go at least for a little while. Legolas had not seen Gimli in little under two years, and the separation had been difficult on all of them. Even though she and Legolas were happily married, both of them had been missing the companionship they had found in the dwarf…and they were quite happily married indeed. When she had come to Gondor to visit Arwen, she had not an inkling of the way Ilúvatar was about to touch and alter her life. To meet Legolas, to come to know him—to come to love him—had made such a difference in her choices. He had been her husband, she his wife, for little over three years now. They had been glorious years. They had spent so much time enjoying and celebrating the gift of one another that they had made little time for anything else aside from building their home. Tilting her head, she could easily see the glen where they had lovingly crafted it with the help of friends and family, the paddock and barn nearby for Lómë and Brethil. She loved their home, even the slightly crooked wall in the back guest room that made her smile and think of Gimli and Thranduil with love every time she saw it. Then, after nearly three years of wedded bliss, Ilúvatar in his infinite grace had blessed them abundantly. Enguina had discovered she was with child! It seemed to her that the love of Ilúvatar continued to overflow, just as it was always promised to. When they realized that she was carrying a child, she and Legolas had been thrilled—and terrified. What would it be like? Much to her surprise, her pregnancy had been easy so far. She had not felt ill one day yet, though she supposed that was because she was an elf. All that seemed to be affecting her was the baby's sleep time; he desired to be awake when she desired to be asleep. Nevertheless, she had originally felt she could have wanted nothing more than to be happy with Legolas. She had been complete. Now, nothing could have filled her with more joy: to know that she was going to bear a child into this world that would be part of her and Legolas, to know that they had made this child together... She knew that when she had met Legolas she had been blessed for all time, but the gift of a child was beyond her ability to comprehend. She had not expected something so wonderful so soon. Her thoughts once more turned inward as she felt the little one move inside her. Girl or boy? She wondered, but it made little difference for she would love and adore him or her; she already did. Rubbing her hand along her stomach, she sang the little lullaby she had made the babe in the time Legolas had been away. Little dove within me, hear my gentle song Lifting o'er the meadows, sighing soft and long Mother is near, Mother is calling Do you know whose voice so sweet? Father journeys, yet comes swiftly O'er the fields rides his white steed La-la-lum, la-la-lum, La-la-la-lay La-la-lum, la-la-lum La-la-la-lay A Father cannot travel far The rhythm brings him homeward bound For Mother's loving arms are waiting long And his heart is full of hearth and home And you my little one within me So safe and warm and close inside Will one day ride beside your Father Traveling through the woods, away La-la-lum, la-la-lum, La-la-la-lay La-la-lum, la-la-lum La-la-la-lay "It is so beautiful to hear your sweet voice," sighed Erumar from somewhere behind her. Enguina startled easily and looked over at her in surprise. "Oh! I did not hear you come out of the house," she replied with a blush. Just as she said the words, she remembered Erumar had spoken to her. "You did announce your presence, did you not? I do not know why I did not answer you." Erumar smiled as she came around before her, noticing her embarrassment. "Oh, it is nothing, Enguina! You were singing so lovingly that when I saw you at last that I did not want to disturb you. Though you do sing more than you did in the last thirty years, I am not often privileged enough to hear it." "That is because I am uncomfortable about others listening to me sing," she said honestly. "You should not be," Erumar chided her. "I have heard Legolas tell you a hundred times—" "A hundred times a thousand ," Enguina interrupted with a smile, "but that makes it no easier. Come and sit with me." She touched the seat beside her, and Erumar did what she asked. "I am not an early riser, as you well know," she admitted with a sigh, "and I began with a bit of irritation at this wonderful being inside me, but...it is a nice morning, so I have forgiven the babe." Erumar gave her a wry smile and said, "It is important not to remain angry with the baby. It will do you no good." She rolled her eyes. "And I have known you for many years, Enguina. Anyone who knows you would remember you prefer to sleep in the mornings, though you have learned to be awake sometimes to enjoy it with Legolas." She looked out across the meadow and sighed. "There is something about this place, so beautiful and fragrant. It is June and you can still smell the flowers as though they are just coming in bloom. It reminds me so of Lórien…when the Lady was still within it." Enguina laughed. "Oh, my dear, that is Gondor . And yes, it reminds me so much of old Lórien that way. Wherever the Lady would walk there were such flowers! Yet here it is the same; Gondor blossoms in the celebration of the King on his throne." "Ten years Aragorn has been King—" "And it has been nearly three since we have seen him," Enguina added with a groan. "Three years since I have seen Arwen." "But you have spent three lovely years here in Ithilien. You have made good memories." "Oh, of course, Erumar!" Enguina said, reaching over and touching her hands. "I do not mean to sound ungrateful in the least way. I am thrilled that you are here with me and that Thranduil stayed for so long with us. Even Gimli was here as well and…" Erumar tightened her hands on Enguina's. "You are missing your best friend." Enguina looked sheepish. "I went without for nearly seventeen years. I should be all right for three, do you not think?" "No, this last time was different," she replied softly. "You found your heart; you have been more alive in the last three and a half years than you had been in the last forty. Your relationship with Arwen, and with her husband, has changed for the better. It has grown into something more than it ever was." She smiled. "Even being as you are with child, that is why you had to let Legolas visit Gimli when the messenger came." "I miss him," she caught herself whining. Frowning deeply, she sighed. "Forgive me. When I get like this I want to scream in annoyance." She looked down at her own hands. "I am sure you do as well. Perhaps even louder than me." Erumar laughed. "I most certainly do not! Stop saying such things." "I hate this feeling of longing," Enguina groaned. "I used to be so independent—" "And then you married," Erumar interjected with a smirk. "Oh, your life is so terrible." Enguina looked at her slyly. "Speaking of something other than life being terrible, I think you have been more alive in the last two years than you have in those after the War." Rolling her eyes, Erumar gave her a good-natured smile. "Oh, this again?" "In fact," Enguina said honestly, "I do not know if I have ever seen you this alive. What an interesting change." "Do not poke fun," Erumar warned, and then she softened. "It is…nice…to come back to the world after feeling so lost in it for so long." Enguina nodded. "Oh, I know. I could not agree with you more." "Yes," Erumar continued softly, "you would very much understand that." Enguina's stomach suddenly turned, her nose crinkling with the smell of burning meat. "What is that terrible—" Erumar's eyes suddenly widened in horror and she leapt to her feet. "Dear Eru, the sausages!" Turning, she bolted down the path towards the house, Enguina laughing at her fleeing figure. She, in fact, remained for several more moments before she too finally stood to follow. She reached out and traced her fingers gently across the beautiful Elvish script that Legolas had carved into the seat's wooden frame. "Come home to me soon, my darling," she whispered, laying her hand on her abdomen. "Hurry to both of us. We miss you." I see your ocean magnificent, Lord I hear the gulls cry their praise The sand is warm with the heat of the sun In honor of you, my voice I raise I sing for I cannot be silent In the presence of such majesty This morn is for my eyes alone I feel peace, and forever free From burdens, from chaos, from life itself The touch of your hand is what I need Your faithfulness, your steadfast love The quiet of the sky, the sea Renew my heart; keep me in your will I lay my cares before your seat Find any ill way in me And lead me to sit at your feet Her song complete, Arwen sat staring out upon the ocean's waves, captivated as each one rolled into the shoreline near her feet. The water just lapped at her toes; soon she would either need to retreat, or be willing to get wet. At the moment, she was not inclined to move. There were few things that blessed her heart as much as being alone with Ilúvatar. The cry of the gulls echoed in her ears and the ocean was simply a sight for her eyes. There were few clouds in the sky, and those that were present caught the light and reflected it upwards, making the sun's rays spread out like a fan. The reds, purples, and oranges lit her face as she deeply breathed in the salty sea air. It brought peace to her soul. She breathed out and leaned back on her hands, her fingers splaying out into the sand, the natural wind of the ocean whipping her dark hair back and forth across her face—she paid it no mind. Her eyes saw only what was before her. What a pleasant morning, Father. I am touched by your Presence; I am reminded that