A/N: Hello everybody! So this is my very first story for the Hunger Games fandom and logically, for Clato. This one is kind of a resume of their journey in the games and of how their feelings for each other slowly grow. In District Two, there were a few words that nobody ever pronounced. Losing, defeat and other synonyms were a part of that group. But so was love. I love you was not a sentence that could be heard when calmly walking down the street. Mothers didn't tell their children they loved them because their own mothers never did either. People didn't marry out of love: they chose their life partners based on their richness, appearance and if they had Hunger Games victors in their lineage. Love was a stranger. ... "Clove !" The man with spiky green hair, blue tinted skin and a weird name announced. Clove looked around her, glaring subtly at all the girls, daring them to try and steal her spotlight. With her back straight and her head held high, she advanced towards the tribune, refusing the man's hand when he offered it and taking her place next to him. As he asked for volunteers and a silence fell on the public place, a smirk appeared on Clove's features. They were scared. Scared she would cut them. With reason. The man next to her indicated that it was time for the boy to be chosen. He didn't have time to even pronounce the name when someone lunged forward and screamed. "I volunteer! I, Cato, volunteer for the 74th Hunger Games." Clove's eyes found their way to the tall and muscular blonde boy who was currently coming to join her on the tribune. "District Two, I present to you your two tributes for the 74th Hunger Game : Clove and Cato! " Clove extended her hand for Cato to shake and when his firm grip enveloped her weaker one, one thought came across her mind. Fuck. ... When Cato and Clove were left alone for the first time since they had both been reaped, they didn't say much. Brutus and Enobaria both seemed to think that some sort of conversation needed to take place between the two of them but neither Clove or Cato wanted to start one. They were both comfortably installed in the chairs of the train wagon, facing each other. His icy blue eyes fixed on her while her green ones were looking out the window. The silence was not an awkward one; it didn't need to be filled. They were used to this. They were used to each other. They weren't strangers. They were training partners and that since the day Clove first stepped into the academy six years ago and kicked Cato square in the nuts for laughing at her tiny frame. Six years. They knew each other for six years but that streak was going to end soon enough with one, possibly two but they preferred not to consider that, of them would die. That's what was on both of their minds before Clove spoke up. "I don't want you to die." She whispered. "I don't want to either." "Would you care if I got killed?" "Yeah, but I'd prefer to have someone kill you than to have to do it myself." They wanted the other one alive. Which is something for Careers. ... Training started the next day and for Cato and Clove, the strategy was simple: intimidate. Cato with his brute strength and Clove with her slightly mental obsession with knives. Their mentors also recommended them to start forming alliances. Immediately, Cato took charge of that part and managed to get both of One and the girl from Four on their side. That night, when they went back to their quarters, Cato couldn't stop himself from exploding a little bit. "How can he refuse to team up with us? We're his fucking best chance at surviving out there and he just says NO? " The boy from Eleven, Thresh, had refused to join them. Cato considered him the biggest threat out there and not having him on his side slightly worried him. "It's fine Cato, we'll just kill him. Don't worry about it. " "I'll murder him myself!" "I know you will. You're better than he is. " Cato smirked at that and puffed his chest out a bit. Coming from Clove, that was a really big compliment. They encouraged one another, in a sort of twisted way, but still. ... The day had come for them to show the Gamemakers what they were capable of. Being from district Two, Cato and Clove would be respectively the third and fourth to pass. Marvel went up first, with Glimmer cheering on him and Cato telling him not to humiliate the Career pack. Ten minutes later, the blonde's name was called and she left the room to Cato's same comment. When his own turn arrived, Cato stood up from the bench and spun around to face his district partner. Their eyes locked and for a little moment, neither of them spoke. "Don't humiliate us, I know Cato." Clove said, a little smile playing on her lips. "I wasn't going to say that. I know you won't. I was just waiting for you to encourage me or something. " "Yeah, not gonna happen. It's not like you need any luck, right?" "Right." And on these words, he strolled away and into the room where he destroyed dummies with his sword and others by snapping every single body part, particularly enjoying the neck. A few minutes later, Clove made different dummies suffer, each one of them with a knife in the heart or/and the head. It was always easy for her to throw the weapon at the exact spot she wanted when she pictured the other tributes' faces. They believed in each other. ... That night, after a copious dinner, Cato, Clove, Brutus, Enobaria, weird escort and the two stylists were all sitting in the living room, waiting for Ceasar Flickerman to announce the tributes' scores. Finally, the Capitol anthem rang out and Marvel's face appeared on the screen. 9. Glimmer. 9 also. Cato and Clove exchanged looks, satisfied with the performance of their allies. They were good enough to make kills and to get sponsors, but were certainly not to beat Clove and Cato. Cato's eyes were fixated on the television as Ceasar presented him and his score. 10. His features relaxed and he smirked when Brutus clapped him on the back saying "That's good boy, we can work with that!". Clove was up next. Another 10. The room erupted in cheers, mostly from the stylists and the escort, but even Brutus and Enobaria let out a few. "Not bad Clove." "Same for you. Literally. " She responded with a teasing look on her face. She scored the same as Cato the big, strong and mighty. Cato scowled and turned his head towards the screen once again. The scores from unimportant tributes that would probably die at the bloodbath flew by but nobody was really paying attention. When the boy from Eleven was up, Cato focused. 10. Fuck, fuck, fuck! Girl from Eleven. 7. Surprising. Boy from Twelve. 8. Killable. Girl from Twelve. 11. For a moment, silence fell on the room. And then all hell broke loose. Cato stood up, grabbed the coffee table and threw it at the wall. And then the lamp. He was about to grab the chair he previously sat in when Brutus pushed him. " Calm down boy! " " Fucking bitch! " Cato roared, anger and a bit of madness tinting his voice. "I'll go to her fucking quarters and kill her now!" "No! You're staying here and calming down! " "Calm down? You want me to calm down? We just got beaten by fucking Twelve! How is that going to look to everybody? We're fucking Careers and she's nothing and she gets 11! " He reached out and grabbed a cushion that was on the sofa, tearing it apart as easily as if it was a sheet of paper. Clove grabbed his wrist before he could do anything else. Her stare was severe when his eyes met it but he could feel the anger boiling inside of her. She was pissed too. "We'll get her. We'll catch her and then we'll make her regret ever coming into these games. Regret ever thinking she had a chance against us. Understood? " His arm fell limp and he grunted. They were able to calm the other down. ... "Smart move from the Twelve boy tonight! " Clove and Cato's escort exclaimed to the others. "You think people bought that shit?" "He looked weak!" The escort giggled at their reaction, his eyes sparkling as he grabbed both of their hands and looked at them intensely with his golden eyes. "Love children, love!" He tried to explain the grandeur of the emotion with his arms, stringing them along. "The Gamemakers loved it, Ceasar Flickerman loved it, the Capitol people will certainly adore it and even I couldn't help but gush at that sweet demonstration of love!" Cato scoffed at that and Clove raised an eyebrow, silently planning how to chop off some of the escort's limb for saying that many times the l-word. "It's sad we didn't think of that before they did! Maybe that strategy could have worked for the both of you, by showing a softer si-" He was cut off by Cato pinning him to the wall, his voice low when he spoke and an unspoken threat in his words. "We are not soft, nor will we ever be looking like total idiots like Twelve out there. Clear? " The escort nodded and Cato shoved him not so delicately one last time in the wall before letting him go. When Clove went to Cato's room a few hours later, she found him sitting on his bed, his head in his hands. "You okay?" His head shot up. "Yeah, I was just thinking." "About tomorrow?" "Yes. And no." "We're not soft Cato, don't worry about it." "You didn't take it personally did you?" "Why would I? You didn't insult me, you insulted Baker Boy from Twelve and I'm totally fine with that." "Good." A comfortable silence installed itself between the two of them. Clove left her position against the door and came to sit on the bed with her district partner. She let herself fall on a pillow and looked up at the ceiling. "I wish you weren't my district partner." "Me too." Cato responded. "Be careful tomorrow." "You too." They cared about each other. ... Clove grabbed the first set of knives she saw and immediately took out the biggest one of them all. She was the first one at the Cornucopia, being the fastest due to her petite frame. The other tributes were all running to join her. Out of the corner of her eyes, she noticed Cato. Without thinking, she threw the sword that was next to her to him, yelling his name at the same time. And then the killing began. She threw knives after knives and he slashed throat after throat. Their victim's blood splattered all over them but they didn't care. They were in their element. At one point, Clove thought she had the bitch from Twelve and when Katniss avoided her knives and ran away in the forest, she couldn't help but lose her cool. The next kill she did, she took more time with. The boy was pinned down on the floor and she was slicing the skin on both of his arms, and then his face and she was about to cut his jugular when she heard somebody scream really close to her. She spun around, bringing her knife in the same circular movement, ending her victim's life more quickly than she intended to. Cato was standing beside her, his sword in the stomach of a