What? She's posting another story? Yeah, I am. I know, I said "Trespass" was it for me, but at the time I made that statement, I wasn't in a very good place. RL events took more out of me than I thought it would, and some of the negativity that sometimes rears its ugly head in Fanfiction was more than I was prepared to deal with at the time. Now, I've had time to regroup, of sorts, and well, I love this story. Edward's a flawed man who's made mistakes, and I love that side of his character. He's going to try… hard . I hope you'll accompany him on his journey as he continues to learn from his family and from the situations into which he's thrust. Disclaimers (and there are a few): I'm not in the military, and I've never been an Army wife, but I have a niece and nephew who are and I'm close to them, so I've had the opportunity to draw from their experiences. Now, they don't know SK does this, so I couldn't hone in on a lot of details, but I did try to research things. If something isn't exactly right, I'd appreciate it if you'd give me a little creative license. I'm also not a mechanic, but I did try to research that as well, so I hope you motorheads will give me a pass. Lastly, I'm not SMeyer, so I don't own these characters. But, I'm sure that will be blatantly apparent. ## The End and the Beginning I was sitting on my front steps of the barracks where I'd been staying since I got back from my most recent deployment. I'd arranged for my things to be transported to my final destination when I was ready for them, and I was waiting for a friend to stop by to say good-bye. I'd just returned from a year in Afghanistan to coordinate the transport of equipment back to the States with the troop draw-down. My return coincided with my retirement date, and while I wasn't sure how I'd handle being a civilian again, I wasn't unhappy about getting out. I'd enlisted right out of high school because I needed a good job to support my new family. The Army seemed like the best idea since I'd gotten my high school girlfriend pregnant and married her as soon as we graduated. The Army offered housing and health care which took two things off my plate to worry about, so I enlisted. And my Bella, she was my support system. For fifteen years, I moved my family…Bella, our daughter Rosalie, and our son Jasper, all over the country. I survived multiple deployments, some into war zones, and some at foreign bases, and my wife became a master packer and planner, keeping our family functioning regardless of the location. We were Army strong all the way until five years ago when I was actually stationed at Yakima Training Center which was about five hours away from both of our families in Forks, Washington. We lived in Ellensburg, which was about thirty-five miles from Yakima, and Bella and the kids loved it. I liked being close enough to our families to spend weekends with them, but as was inevitable, with my eventual promotion to Master Sergeant came another move…to Kentucky. That was the move Bella wasn't willing to make. Our Rosalie was fourteen, and Jasper was twelve, and Bella wanted Rose to have a normal high school experience, so she had one move left in her…back to Forks. If I wasn't willing to get out, then they'd make the move without me, and I'd be making the move to Kentucky without them. In all honesty, we hadn't been getting along well at the time and if I thought about it, things had been stressed between the two of us over much of the time we'd been together because we were too young when we got married and with me being gone a lot it just wasn't conducive to a happy marriage. When I called to tell her I was being deployed to Iraq, she asked me for a divorce. Since I wasn't willing to budge on my position I was going to stick it out until I had my twenty years in, I gave it to her with little hassle. I didn't believe there was such a thing as a friendly divorce, but we actually had one. Hell, I still loved her, if I was being honest, but we'd grown apart, and I guess we were both stubborn at the time to fight for us, so it ended. We still spoke a lot, even though we weren't married anymore, and she consulted me on every decision regarding the kids. When JC got into trouble after he turned sixteen, she called me regarding what I thought his punishment should be. I still laughed about it to this day. " Edward, how are you?" she asked as she caught me one Saturday afternoon when I was washing my new Tahoe. I was set to deploy the next month back to Afghanistan where contact would mostly be through the computer via Skype or e-mail, so I was happy just to get to talk to her on the phone. " Hey, babe. I'm fine. What's up?" I asked without thinking. She was quiet for a minute and then she giggled the way I loved. "Did you forget we aren't married anymore? We've been divorced for almost four years, you know." I sighed, hating the thoughts flooding my mind that I should have never let it happen in the first place. "I know, but old habits die hard. So, what's up? Just calling to shoot the shit?" " God, I wish. JC got arrested last night by my dad. He and Emmett McCarty got caught drinking at a dance. He's got a week's worth of in-school suspension, and then another three weeks of detention. I have to go to court with him next month to find out how much trouble he's in with the cops. " Dad told me it would go in his favor if I showed up with a plan we'd worked out together regarding the punishment we've levied, and I thought we should talk about it." I covered the phone and groaned. My son was going to be a hell-raiser just like me. He needed me to play a more active role in his life, and with me being thousands of miles away, it was pretty damn hard to parent over the phone. " Damn that boy. Is he around?" I asked. " Right now, he's cleaning out the garage. I thought maybe we should talk first, and then you can call him and yell at him and then we'll tell him what his punishment is. Does that sound reasonable?" she asked. I scoffed. "The phone call from me is going to be the last one he gets on his cell phone. You didn't take it away already?" My tone was harsh, and she didn't deserve it because she was taking up the slack as Mom and Dad while I was in Kentucky. It wasn't a role she wasn't used to, and I felt like shit about it. " Sarge, mind your tone, please. I'm doing everything I can. So, I'll take away his phone, and we can ground him until school is out, but I'm teaching summer school this year so it's going to be hard for me to monitor him with being gone every weekday morning," she reminded. While we were married and after the kids were in school, she took college courses when she could and after the divorce, she took courses full-time to finish up. After her certification, she got a job at Forks High where she taught English and Literature classes. I was very proud of her, and even went back to Seattle for her graduation. " I'm sorry, baby. Look, let me make some calls and call you back. I need to check into a few things and see if I can set something up that will guarantee JC won't have much time to get into trouble. I'll call you back in an hour, okay?" " Thanks, Sarge. Are you okay? Getting everything ready for your deployment?" she asked with concern in her voice. " Yeah. I'm storing my stuff here and moving back to base. When I come back, I'll have to find another place if I stay in. I still haven't decided. I'd like to come to Washington next week if I can get the time off to see the kids before I go," I asked, never assuming anything. " Everyone would love to see you. I can pick you up if you'd like," she offered. " I'd love that, Bella. I'll call you back." My son, the cocky little shit, ended up spending the summer working two jobs to pay off the goddamn fine. The worst part of it for him was he worked where his grandfathers could keep an eye on him. At the hospital where my dad worked, JC worked nights as a janitor which was apparently the worst time in the world because that was when most of the work was done around the hospital as the patients slept. For Charlie, Bella's dad, he worked painting their house and doing a lot of lawn care work around their place. He learned his lesson, and when I went to visit him and Rose for a week before I deployed, I read him the riot act as much as possible. I also spent a lot of time watching the woman I was married to for fifteen years. The families were all friendly, and they had a party for me on the Saturday night before I left to return to Kentucky. For the first time in four years, I kissed Bella on the lips before she left. It brought all the old feelings rushing back. " Sarge, we're gonna take off. Rosalie has finals to study for and projects to complete. Her transcripts have to be sent to UW by the middle of June so her admission is complete. Our little girl is going to college, Edward." She had tears in her eyes, and I felt like a guilty son-of-a-bitch because I wouldn't be there to take my little girl and all her stuff to settle her in her dorm like a lot of other dads would have the pleasure and pain of doing. I pulled Bella into my arms and held her while she cried. I knew she wasn't looking forward to Rosalie going to college any more than me, but she wanted her to have a regular college experience, and that included her living in Seattle. God knew I was going to worry about it while I was away. She pulled away, using the sleeve of my t-shirt to dry her eyes which made both of us laugh. "Don't be a fucking hero, you understand me? A lot of people need you, Edward. Our children need you, and I…" before she could finish the sentence, I kissed her passionately. Much to my surprise, she kissed me back. It was as if nothing had ever happened between us to tear us apart, and for a few fleeting moments, I could pretend I was still happy. I could pretend I still had Bella as my wife. I could pretend I still had a heart in my chest. She pulled away and looked into my eyes with so many questions. Instead of asking them, she reached under my t-shirt and pulled out my dog tags. The surprise on her face when she saw my wedding ring was next to them wasn't hidden, but she'd tried not to give it away. Just like she'd done every time I had to be away from her, she kissed them and held her hand against my naked chest over my heart. "You