Trespass While housesitting for his sister, Edward Masen walked up on the deck of her Florida beachfront home to find a young woman asleep in a chaise lounge for the third time in a week. Who she was and what she was doing there was the mystery to solve. The fact she was beautiful made it far more intriguing. AU/AH and OOC. Canon pairings, some later than others. Mature content, language, and other characters. He's older…she's sarcastic. There are lemons (Rated M), and there's a rat terrier named Petey. A/N: Hey, I promised you another one, and this is it. SMeyer owns. I merely manipulate. Can't wait to hear from you. Thank you, SoHe. Without your encouragement, this wouldn't see the light of day. \\\ Chapter 1. Trespass … a wrongful entry upon the lands of another "Get the ball, Pete," Edward called to the rat terrier for which he was caring while his sister and her husband honeymooned in Europe for the summer. The request to housesit and watch the dog for the couple had come at exactly the perfect moment…almost as if fate had stepped in to lend a hand. The woman they'd lined up to do it had been in a biking accident and had to cancel on them at the last minute, so when Alice phoned and begged Edward to spend the summer in Florida instead of The Hamptons with their parents, she didn't have to ask him twice. Alice and Jasper lived in a large house on Vanderbilt Beach, Florida, flanked on both sides by houses, one even larger and more ostentatious than the next. The beaches were white, sugar sand…the neighborhood was quiet…and most importantly, he knew no one. There was no forced small talk while collecting the mail, and no declining of invitations to picnics or cookouts. It was only him, the dog, and the solitude he craved to do a little bit of soul searching. He'd just ended a destructive relationship with a Washington, DC, socialite which ended somewhat publicly and embarrassingly for him . The woman, Katharine Moore, was exactly the type of woman he enjoyed having on his arm. She was stunningly beautiful. She was a successful DC lobbyist. She worked long hours much like himself, and she wasn't clingy. He attended fancy parties and galas with her as his date, and when the couple walked into a room, all eyes took them in. Women hated Kate for many reasons, and men wanted to be Edward for obvious reasons. It fed the couple's already over-inflated egos, and neither wanted to do anything to disrupt their status as the ultimate Washington power couple. It suited their purposes quite handily. Everything was perfect in his world until a Monday morning in May when his phone began ringing relentlessly in his office. He ran a consulting firm specializing in preparing governmental-appointment nominees for the maze of the appointment process, from initial sit-downs with members of one Congressional committee or another to the final vote which would ultimately secure the appointment. He'd just shepherded the selection of a banker to the Federal Reserve Board which thrilled his clients, the American Bankers' Association, to no end. The "Fed," as it was referred to in Washington, was notorious for stacking the Board of Governors with academics, so it was truly a coup for Edward to be able to facilitate the appointment of someone from the industry to balance any future decisions relating to the financial sector. That particular Monday, he was in the process of returning phone calls to contacts instrumental during the last minute glad-handing which took place to ensure the nominee was approved. When his phone began ringing off the hook, he became concerned. He'd instructed his secretary, Claire, to take messages so he was able to thank everyone who'd been influential in his latest success. That was all very well and good until Claire came busting into his office with a note. " Boss – I'm getting calls for comment regarding the fact Kate and you broke up and she's engaged to Garrett Harper. Did you guys break up?" Edward read the note and held up a finger for her to wait. "Say, um, Senator, I've taken up enough of your time. I just wanted to thank you for all your help. Let's get together for a drink soon," he called to the third Senator he'd spoken with that morning. They quickly finished their conversation and hung up. Edward had looked to his secretary for clarification regarding the note, and he could see that she was as confused as he regarding the enquiries. " I didn't break up with Kate. Who's calling?" he asked. "Those chicks from the ' Reliable Source ', a few news magazines, some stupid cable gossip show here in town that airs on DC50," she answered. He quickly went to the internet, and typed in his name and Kate Moore's name to see about what was all the fuss. Immediately, several articles and blogs popped up speculating Edward and Kate had broken up rather publicly after he confronted her and Garrett Harper, a White House staffer, at a trendy DuPont Circle eatery. There were photos of Kate and Garrett sharing an intimate dinner, and every bit of it was surprising as hell to Edward. He'd phoned Kate's cell, assuming they could share a laugh about the entire thing and she'd give him a logical explanation for the photos and articles, but instead, she apologized profusely for not telling him first, and she informed him she was pregnant with Garrett's child. They were getting married immediately in California. She wished him well, and then she hung up. He couldn't really fault her because they'd never explicitly discussed exclusivity, but it was a surprise just the same. The following weeks had been filled with friends and acquaintances alike calling him with their condolences at the deception Kate had purported on him, and it was all more than he could stand. He needed to get out of town, and when Alice phoned him the Monday after her Saturday afternoon wedding Memorial weekend, he didn't hesitate to toss his things into a few suitcases and hop back on a plane, having just arrived at his home in Arlington the previous night. That was a week before. He was thoroughly enjoying the quiet of Vanderbilt Beach. He'd already come to a few conclusions in the short span of time he'd been hiding at his sister's house. First, he'd allowed Kate to dictate the terms of their relationship from nearly the beginning of the one-year coupling. She'd determined which parties they'd attend and which wouldn't benefit their career aspirations. She'd determined when they'd get together and when she was too busy to attend functions where he was required to make an appearance. And she'd determined when they'd have sex and when they wouldn't. Second, he solidified his determination he would never toss his hat into the political arena as a candidate. Kate's latest crusade had been for him to consider running for public office, for which he had no desire, but he'd actually considered it because she'd been quite persuasive in her arguments. Third, he'd decided he was through wasting time. He was thirty-five years old, and he'd been so driven by his desire for success he'd allowed himself to abandon all of his old goals and dreams in pursuit of power and financial success. At the end of the day, those pursuits had cost him years of happiness he'd never get back. He didn't hate Kate for her betrayal. He was, however, disappointed in himself for allowing it to happen. In the spirit of "no hard feelings," he went to their wedding registry and sent the couple an expensive platter from Tiffany & Co. It took a bit of salesmanship on his part when the store called him and asked about the wording for the engraving, but when he explained the circumstances to the young man on the other end of the telephone line, the guy had agreed that the inscription of "Good Luck You Cheating Fucks" was, indeed, appropriate and warranted, under the circumstances. As he and Petey, the four-year-old rat terrier Alice had given Jasper for his birthday the year before, jogged up the beach toward the house, he wasn't really surprised to see the young woman asleep on the back deck in a chaise lounge. It was the third morning it had happened since he'd been at the house, and he had no idea who she was or why she was sleeping there. Petey trotted over to her and sniffed her, licking her bare thigh. Edward noticed her make-up was smeared, and she was dressed in clothes he was certain she'd worn the previous night. He vaguely recalled hearing a lot of noise on the beach late the night before, and he assumed she was a left-over party guest who had stumbled upon the wrong deck, yet again. He walked over to her and pecked her on the shoulder, betting that she had a hangover akin to the beating of a drumline for a college marching band. "Excuse me….young woman," he called as he persistently pecked her shoulder while Petey continued to lick her thigh. Edward noticed her skirt was in a precarious position, having hiked itself up to a nearly indecent level, so he stepped away and allowed the dog to wake her. He'd left her alone the two other times he'd found her because he had no idea what to do about her, but he wasn't about to allow it to become habitual that she'd wander onto Alice and Jasper's deck and pass out. He didn't know where she belonged, but he knew it wasn't there . "Go 'way," she mumbled as she batted at the dog. Unfortunately for the young woman, Petey took her dismissal as an invitation and hopped up on the chair with her, licking her neck because her face, just as it had been the other two times she'd passed out, was shielded by her hair. After a few more minutes of the dog licking her exposed skin, the young woman shouted, "Jesus, fuck! Get off…oh…hi, Petey," she offered as she moved the hair off of her face. Edward saw the realization settle on her face it was a dog and not another human, and when she began scratching Petey behind the ears, he could see that the dog was in a state of bliss. He cleared his throat and waited for her to acknowledge him. She looked up with big brown eyes, and then immediately put her hand across her forehead to shield the bright sunlight from her vision. "Who are you?" she asked as she continued to pet the dog. "Actually, who are you? " Edward retorted. He felt she owed the explanation since she was sleeping on his sister's deck without anyone's permission. She did seem to know the dog, so he assumed she must be staying in the neighborhood somewhere. "I'm Bella. I live over there," she admitted as she haphazardly pointed to a house two down from Alice and Jasper's. "Well, Bella, if you live over there , why are you sleeping over here ?" he asked as he pointed to her house, and then to the deck as if it was obvious she was in the wrong place. "I have a bad habit of forgetting my keys. My parents won't leave the doors unlocked at the McMansion. Alice told me it was okay if I just sleep here if I get locked out. If I wake my parents, they lecture me, and I hate it. Now, you know who I am…who are you?" she asked again. "I'm Edward, Alice's brother. I'm watching the house for the summer and taking care of the dog. I don't really feel comfortable with you sleeping on the deck. I realize you might have had that arrangement with my sister, but I'd prefer if