Minerva makes her way down the castle steps, or what's left of them, and looks around the courtyard at all the rubble, her heart sinking at the sight. The deatheaters've all fled and Voldemort's defeated once and for all, but as she gazes out at the aftermath of the battle, she can't help but let a few tears fall on her wrinkled face. So many lives were lost in this war, so many people had fought valiantly, given everything to protect their home and it breaks Minervas soul just thinking about it. With a shake of her head, she continues on and quickly wipes the tears from her eyes. No. She can't let the sorrow eat at her now. She has a job to do. Along with the other professors, she'd been tasked to check through the grounds, find anymore bodies to bring back to the makeshift infirmary Madame Pomfrey'd made up as the war'd raged on. With each body retrieved, the death toll'd climbed further up and she was so sure everyone been accounted for but some professors and students still felt it useful to do another once over around the castle. She'd only nodded along, too exhausted to protest and each teacher'd taken to a separate part of the castle to do about their job. As she walks across the courtyard, the sound of her shoes clap against the stone and she shivers when the silence plummets through her- it's only her outside, which's a truly odd feeling, especially when she'd had students and teachers surrounding her to defend the castle only hours prior. Her robes whip around her in the breeze and tendrils of grey hair gradually spill from her tight bun but she doesn't bother to put them back into place. Her looks've been the least of her worries for awhile now. With a flick of her wand, she levitates the many pieces of castle but no bodies're trapped beneath them; it's just more broken stone. She lets them drop with a relieved sigh then ventures further out, lifting more stone then letting it fall when nothing returns underneath it- for almost 20 minutes, she wanders around the courtyard, checking each and every area of rubble, only to come up, thankfully, empty; a loud huff escapes her lips. She'd known from the beginning that this was fruitless and she would've rather been tending to the injured than wasting her time searching for nothing. Sighing, she turns and heads back to the castle doors, pocketing her wand, but before she can reach the steps, a sharp screech overhead catches her attention and she looks up to see a brightly coloured bird swoop down to the stone ground. As it comes closer to her, she can see the bird's dressed in glowing reds and yellows, with scruffy feathers and beady black eyes and she frowns when it stops in front of her, unblinking, like it's waiting for something. The bird makes no other movements and for a moment, Minerva considers shooing it away, but something inside of her's saying no and instead she studies it, the gears turning in her mind for what it wants her to say or do. Her frown deepens when the bird continues to watch her. Heavens, why is it here? And who's bird is it exactly? The gears suddenly stop and she almost falls back against the doors, a shaking hand making its way to her lips as her blue eyes widen. It's Fawkes, Dumbledores bird. Fawkes doesn't react to her surprise, rather he jerks his head and for the first time in minutes, moves away, making Minervas hand lower to her side and she quietly watches him take off out the courtyard and vanish from sight. With a start, she takes out her wand again and hurries after him, wondering if she should really trust this bird with wherever he's taking her. She certainly doesn't feel like springing certain spells on him, that's for sure. As she continues on, Fawkes's bright tail being her only indication of the creature ahead, passing Hagrids hut, she frowns again when she sees the Womping Willow up ahead, a few leaves clinging to it's thick branches. No other teachers're in sight and she figures that they either must've all been in different parts of Hogwarts or'd just eventually given up searching and gone inside the castle. She sighs when Fawkes begins to lead her towards it. Right now, she'd have given anything to be one of the teachers. Though she trusts him, she also doesn't seem to know why he's taken her to the ancient tree- it wasn't as if there was anything exciting about it. But Fawkes is an intelligent bird after all, so she squashes all her doubts to power on through his mission, before stopping a couple of feet away from the tree, her hopes diminishing. To her shock, Fawkes flies on and she watches with a thudding heart as the Willows branches shake ever so slightly at the sense of the bird. Her mouth falls agape as he silently lands on a small knot in the bottom of the tree, halting it's branches almost instantly and her lips curl downwards at him, but he only stares back, as if taunting her. She huffs again, red dusting her cheeks, and hesitantly begins forward, watching him hop off the knot and dive into a small hole hidden beneath the tree, her confusion deepening as she slips in after him. Darkness blinds her and she can just make out Fawkes red colourings before she mutters "Lumos" and the tip of her wand glows a pale blue, lighting her surroundings. As expected, Fawkes's miles ahead and she again rushes to catch up, reminding herself to not stop for a moment when it comes to being lead by him. A staircase carries to a second floor and she hurries up, her feet now sore from all the walking and running she's had to do with this blasted bird, but she ignores it, though she does wish Fawkes would give her a minute to rest and take this in. Whatever he wants from her, it must be urgent. She frowns again when a doorway comes into view at the top of the staircase and she slows her pace as Fawkes flies inside the room, her hand holding her wand beginning to tremble from the cold shrouding the bottom of the tree. As she carefully continues forward, a low, ragged gasp comes from past the doorway and her heart freezes. Her eyes roam the doorway, but Fawkes doesn't emerge again and her wand's gripped in her fingers, her senses on high alert. The gasp sounds again and she walks slowly on despite herself. Right as she can't think her nerves can be anymore shot, a voice slips from the room and she halts in the middle of the landing when she hears her name. Not only that, but the voice itself. It sounded hauntingly familiar. Bearing her Gryffindor bravery, Minerva ventures forwards again, her hand now shaking as she struggles to grasp her wand properly. Finally she steps into the small room, her eyes landing immediately on the four poster bed propped up against the left side wall. It's dark and dusty and all the furniture's worn to pieces, a couple of windows've been boarded up and she feels a shiver rip through her when her gaze roams the ceiling to see the roof's almost caved in. A sharp red catches her attention and she moves more inside, seeing Fawkes stood beside a grubby mattress off to the right, where a figure lays atop it, it's breathing laboured. She's only able to take a few more steps before the figure opens it's mouth to rasp out her name again, and she almost collapses in fright when her wands light illuminates a mop of greasy black hair atop it's head. No. It's impossible. Minerva watches in numb shock as Severus raises his head to see her properly, his black eyes locking on her dim blue ones. His face's drained of colour and there's blood streaking his coat, having poured from a wound in his neck that's been closed due to Fawkes healing powers. He only stares at her, and she's unable to look away as she drinks him in, thought after thought bubbling in her mind. She has no idea what to think, how to feel about seeing him here. Alive. As always, his expression's unreadable but she swears she sees the hint of a relieved smile tugging at his lips. Severus swallows, but winces suddenly and falls back on the mattress, gasping for breath. His eyes trail from hers to the ceiling and she stays against the wall, watching him with her wand pointed straight at him, making his skin look a chalk white. Yes he's alive, but seemingly very weak. Whatever caused the wound made a huge gash and spilled an enormous amount of blood on his clothing and, she feels sick upon notice, on the mattress too. His hand jerks and without giving a second thought, she hurries forward, her wand lighting his face and at being so close, she can see splotches of blood on his chin and coat collar. His eyes slowly open and they immediately find hers, his breathing still coming out short as he tries another smile aimed for her, "Thank you." She doesn't know why, but at the words, tears brim the Professors eyes and she lets them roll down her cheeks. Her chest aches at seeing him in this condition and her brains spinning at how he got like this, how Fawkes knew where he was when nobody else did, how he was still just alive despite the gash in his neck. As she's taking this in, his eyes close again and he groans in pain, making her stand again and back away to figure out what to do. He falls silent again and for a staggering moment, she thinks the worst, but when his chest rises, she breathes a sigh of relief and makes up her mind to conjure a stretcher beside him. While he's out, she casts a spell to lift him onto it and with Fawkes following, eventually leaves the Shack, a million emotions filling her chest. She makes her light brighter when they go through the entrance and, magicking the stretcher to wheel beside her, heads back to the castle with Fawkes in tow. Not once does Severus wake and though his still figure does confirm the worst a few times, his coat moves slightly to extinguish her thoughts. Her throat's run dry when she reaches the castle doors and she pauses outside; what will everyone think? For all they, and herself, know, she's just rescued a death eater, a former follower of Voldemorts for crying out loud. But, and she can't explain it, she doesn't truly believe those accusations. She puts her light out, pockets her wand and fixes her hair, ignoring how her fingers're trembling with worry. How will everyone inside react upon seeing him? Drawing a breath, she pushes the doors open and gathers her thoughts when the infirmary comes into view. The makeshift nurses station's filled with injured students, some fallen asleep, some still awake groaning in pain, while many others sit off to the sides, talking with their classmates and professors, relieved that the battle's finally over. Minerva briefly smiles when she sees Madame Pomfrey's fumbling about tending after the hurt but it quickly dissolves when she hears audible gasps behind her that turn into hushed muttering. Almost instantly, shouts echo across the room; as expected they're not pretty, but she pushes it away and focuses on seeing Madam Pomfrey. It takes a minute for the nurse to spot her and when she does, she frowns but when her gaze trails to an unconscious Severus Snape behind her, she bustles over, her face falling, "Minerva, what is the meaning of-" "Poppy, listen