Prologue October, 31st, 1981 Albus Dumbledore and Minerva McGonagall gave Baby Harry Potter one more look, and Disapparated. Young Harry turned over in his sleep, and clutched the letter Professor Dumbledore had put there. The area was deserted. Or, at least, it had been. In the time it took to blink, an old woman appeared at the end of Number Four's driveway. If Professors Dumbledore and McGonagall had looked eccentric in their robes, this woman looked like she had come out of a movie, or perhaps a video game. She was hunched over, and leaning heavily on a wooden stick that rose two feet over her head. The end was curved and carved, and resting on it was a crow, its yellow eyes fixed on the bundle on the doorstep. At the woman's side, a pure black wolf stood lean and strong. One of the woman's gnarled hands rested on the wolf's head, stroking its ears. The woman wore a long midnight blue colored robe, and her cloak was as black as night, but interwoven with the fabric were little specks of silver, shimmering and glimmering in the light of the moon. Her face was brown, and lined with her old age. Her hair was pure white, setting a dark contrast against the night. Her eyes gleamed as she looked at the bundle of blankets that held Baby Harry. She lifted her hand away from the wolf, and pulled from a pocket of her robes a wand, about fifteen inches long and made of black wood. She walked, without even a limp, to the doorstep, and touched the tip of her wand to the scar on Baby Harry's forehead. She opened her mouth and her voice came out raspy and dark. She spoke in a tongue that had been long forgotten by man, each word resonating throughout the street, words of power. The wand tip glowed gold, the baby's scar glowed along with it, then the woman closed her lips, and the glow faded. She stepped back, touched a hand to the wolf's head, and as quickly as she appeared, she vanished. Far away from Little Whinging, at a crooked house that could only be held up by magic, two adults slept soundly in their bed. At the end of the bed, were two hand carved wooden cribs. In one, a infant boy lay on his back, drool dripping from his chin, and in the other, a baby girl slept with her red hair splayed against her pillow. Her tiny left hand was curled into a fist, and her right clutched the blanket that rested upon her. The woman that had appeared and vanished by Number Four Privet Drive reappeared by the girl's crib, with her wolf and crow still and silent at her side. She touched the tip of her wand to the baby girl's forehead, and whispered again in words long forgotten, but this time, the words were soft, to soft for the two adults to hear but enough to wake the baby girl in her crib. The baby stared up at the woman in wonder and fear. The woman put away her wand, and, hesitantly, reached out and touched a finger to the baby girl's cheek. "You will not hear his voice until the time is right," she said, her voice still raspy. "He will be dormant in your mind until you most desperately need him. Only when you turn inward to find solace will you hear him, and only when he does the same will he hear you." The baby girl blinked her chocolate brown eyes. The woman withdrew her hand, and lay it back upon her wolf's head. "Never let your dreams cease," the woman whispered. "Never let your imagination dry up; always believe in the last few untamed branches of magic. Always trust the wild ways, always know you are true, and not just because of what I have done this night. Look up to the stars and know you are not alone in this world, Ginevra Weasley." The baby girl seemed to understand, even though this was impossible. She was a year old at least, but she seemed to understand what this strange woman said. The baby blinked her eyes once more, and the woman and her crow and wolf were gone. In the apple orchard behind the house, the crow on the woman's staff let out a mournful croon, and the wolf sat back on its haunches to look up to the moon and howled. The woman drew her wand once more, and pointed it into the sky. The moon's light shone down on her, and her image faded. The wolf and her crow stopped their noise, and the three vanished once more. They were gone, and this time, they did not reappear. HGHGHGHGHGHGHGHGHG One: The Boy Who Dreamed Harry Harry stumbled into the front hall, and ducked automatically as a soapy sponge flew over his head. Aunt Petunia screeched loudly in the kitchen, while his uncle roared back from the safety of the underside of the kitchen table. Harry dodged a wooden spoon, and slipped into his cupboard. Literally slipped. The floor was soaked in Murphy's' Oil Soap. Today had been Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon's anniversary. A loud chiming joined the din in the kitchen. Correction: yesterday had been their anniversary. Harry sighed, and tugged his soapy shirt over his head. He didn't bother undressing the rest of the way, just plopped onto the cot that served as his bed. What happened? Harry smiled slightly as her voice drifted into his mind. Uncle Vernon forgot their anniversary. Ouch, poor him. Poor me! I'll have to clean everything up in the morning. Yes, poor you. The world pities you. You are the most pitiable thing on God's green Earth. She rolled her eyes. Harry glared at the ceiling. She giggled, and said; At least they aren't mad at you. Yeah. Let's hope they forget that I'm here like they did with Dudley. Where's he? Upstairs playing his video games. What did you expect? Dunno, maybe crying because his parents are fighting. Don't tell me your parents are fighting. No, but Mum's really upset. Why? Fred and George hexed Percy so that his hair turned pink. An image of a disgruntled boy with vivid pink hair flashed across his mind. Harry laughed softly. Maybe he ought to keep it that way. It looks good. Don't start. Percy's furious because Mum can't get it to go away, and he's leaving for school in a month. Don't remind me, Harry groaned. The school year started soon, and he'd have to deal with the bullies again. At least this year, Dudley and most of his gang were going to a private school and he, Harry, would be going to the public school. Oh, come on, her voice sang. It won't be too horrible. Look on the bright side, Dudley won't be there. Yeah, big whoop. What have I said about being negative? That it's like inviting a Dementor inside. Exactly. Be careful or it might suck out your soul. But Dementors aren't real. Yes they are. Daddy's had to interact with them, and they're worse than anything your uncle could do to you. Harry sighed. The half bad, half crazy cool part about his imaginary friend was that she lived in a world of magic. With 'Dementors' and flying brooms and people who could turn into animals. But magic wasn't real, at least, not in his world. Magic is real! Yeah, yeah, I know. Don't tease me! I'm not! No, stop. I hate fighting with you. A pleasant, warm feeling came over him, and he smiled. You're right. Let's stop. Good. What shall we talk about now? Sleep? Harry suggested with a yawn. She giggled again. Fine with me. Sweet dreams. Same to you. Harry shut his eyes, and fell asleep. HGHGHGHGHGHGHGHGHG Harry spent the next day cleaning up from Aunt Petunia and Uncle Vernon's fight. Aunt Petunia was furious with him because he didn't clean up during the fight. Harry tried to explain that anything that got within eight feet of her got skewered with kitchen utensils. She just sniffed, and made him scrub the floor. While he was cleaning, Dudley played video games or watched TV while eating nonstop. Around noon, Aunt Petunia told Harry to make himself a sandwich and take it outside. Harry slapped together cheese, mustard, and bologna, between the heels of the last loaf of bread he'd made, and wandered out to the back yard with it on a paper towel. He ate in silence, watching his cousin eating lasagna through the dining room window. Harry glanced at his pathetic sandwich, sighed, and walked away. He came to rest in the side yard near his aunt's cherry tree. He finished his sandwich and leaned up against the tree to enjoy the last moments of his break. The sitting room window in front of him sat open, and Harry paused to listen to the TV playing. After a minute or two, the phone rang. His aunt walked into the room, switched of the TV, and sat down on the couch. His aunt picked it up, said hello, and then gasped. Harry, feeling curious, crept closer to hear what she was saying. "Yes, Vernon Dursley lives here." She paused, listening to the other person on the line. "He left his what?... And, where?" Aunt Petunia pressed a hand to her chest, and took a deep breath. "Thank you, sir. I'm sure he'll go back to get it." She winced, held the receiver away from her ear. Then she paled, and set her lips in a firm line. "Do me a favor, mister. Never call this number again." Aunt Petunia slammed the receiver down on the cradle, and hugged her self. "That is it." She grabbed the phone again, and dialed. Harry normally didn't listen to his aunt's phone chats, since she usually only called the neighbors or her friends from the local Ladies' Club. But as Aunt Petunia began speaking, Harry noticed that her tone wasn't one she used when talking to Mrs. Next Door. More like she was speaking to a person in a position of authority. She said something about schools and Dudley, then spoke her good-byes, and hung up. She sat there in silence for a moment, then stood, and left the room. Harry sat back, rest against the house, pondering the two calls. "Harry! Get in here!" Sighing, Harry stood, and rushed to answer his aunt's summons. Aunt Petunia set him to work again, and finally, the kitchen was clean. There were no more marks on the table from his aunt's rubber spatula collection, and the hallway floor was no longer sticky with oil soap. By that time, his uncle had returned from work full of apologies with a bouquet of lilies and a bottle of Jack Daniel's finest. Harry, who was sore from the scrubbing, was setting the table and warily watching his aunt as Uncle Vernon dropped the bottle on the counter and handed the bouquet to Aunt Petunia. She hated lilies. Oooh, he's in trouble! Said his friend in a sing-song voice. I'll say, Harry thought. She snorted. Aunt Petunia gave Vernon a tight-lipped smile, and set out a vase to hold the flowers. Harry glanced back at the whiskey bottle. Aunt Petunia didn't even bother hiding her displeasure at it. She glared at the bottle. Vernon pretended he didn't see his wife's glare, and placed the bottle on the table. I know my mother wouldn't blow up at my dad if he brought the wrong sort of flower, but whiskey? She said. What kind of man brings his wife whiskey? An alcoholic? he suggested. Oh, Harry, I'm sorry, I forgot, She said hurriedly. Just promise me you'll follow your cousin's example and scram when he starts to drink. I will. Good. Oh, Mum's calling me. Talk to you later! Bye, Harry thought miserably