Hi, hi, hi! This was my entry for the May to December Romance Contest , which unsurprisingly didn't win anything because I'm a rebel who doesn't follow rules. Therefore, I didn't really focus on the age gap between Edward and Bella since they had enough drama to deal with. It's all good, though, because lots of people liked it! I'm expanding it a bit now, too, so let's see how this works out. A few things before you read: I wrote this story whilst listening to Sia's 1000 Forms of Fear , so, it's Angsty. Yeah, that's right; Angsty with a capital A. I love to write non-canon characters and plots, and twisting things simply because I can is my favorite pastime. But most importantly, my characters are flawed and they're going to do things you're not going to like. You have been warned. Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Chapter One: Flame That Came From Me Port Angeles – Autumn, 2010 "I'd like to buy you a drink," I say as I take a seat next to the gorgeous man that I spotted across the room almost an hour ago. He must be in his mid or late thirties, although that has no bearing on his good looks. At least, I don't see how it would affect the appeal of his chiseled features nor his dark and messy hair. If anything, his age gives him an extra allure. Well, that and his groomed beard. Yet, I do wonder—if only just briefly—how he must've had girls flocking to him just for a chance to admire his piercing eyes and pouty lips as I have. He's tall and lean, and with the way his physique is displayed by his tailored suit, fitter than most men I've been with. That has me intrigued, so I want to find out if it's true—by getting him out of his clothes and into my bed. The handsome stranger shifts in seat, not facing me just yet, but simply leans his elbows on the bar. Smirking crookedly, he asks, "Is that so?" "It is," I confirm. "It would be my pleasure, actually." It's then when he finally faces me, gazing into my eyes. Surprisingly, though, he speaks in a sullen tone when he asks, "And why is that?" "Well, I noticed you've been checking me out for awhile now, and I like you, so I thought: if Mohammed won't go to the mountain, the mountain must come to Mohammed, you know?" He chuckles mirthlessly, shaking his head and breaking me out of my spell. "Are you always this straightforward?" "When it comes to something I want? Yes." I nod. "All the time." And now that I've seen him up close, that desire is greater. Because good Lord, if I'd thought he was good looking before, I was wrong. He's beautiful—more beautiful than any man has the right to be. His eyes aren't only piercing, they twinkle in the light, making me feel as if I'm swimming in the blue-green ocean they resemble. If we locked gazes again, I could definitely get lost in them, but that is not what this is about. This is about getting physical and nothing else. "Does that usually work in your favor?" he asks, after taking a sip of his drink. "Most of the time," I tell him. "So, hopefully it'll work tonight, too." "Good luck with that," he counters, shaking his head again. "Are you going to play hard to get?" I tease, "Because the chase is just as fun as the catch." "You're terrible," he snickers. "I am," I agree. "And you're not married—well, at least not according to your left ring finger." Wedding bands are something I always check for because I never get involved with married men. That's just asking for extra drama I don't need in my life. He turns to look at me once more and sighs. "No, I'm not, but—" "It doesn't matter," I interject. "Just forget about whoever is waiting for you at home, and have some fun with me tonight." "I can't," he responds. "For as much as I'm flattered that someone like you is interested in me, that wouldn't be the right thing to do." " The right thing to do ," I echo, arching my brow. "There are very few men like you, I must say." He smirks now, crinkling his eyes as he does so. "Thank you for the compliment." Complimenting him wasn't my plan, but since he's not budging, I'm going to have to use another tactic. Smiling, I take a sip of my own drink, which I brought with me when I moved to sit at the bar. Once I'm done, I lick my lips, and say, "You're welcome." I extend my hand to his in way of greeting before I tell him my name. "Nice to meet you, Bella," he says, taking my hand in his. "I'm Edward." Edward. What a fitting name for him: old-fashioned and proper. "So, Edward," I begin. "What brings you to Port Angeles? Are you here for business or pleasure?" "I wish it were for either of those reasons," he sighs and looks down at his drink. "But unfortunately, it's for neither." Not wanting to delve into it further, wary that the motive of his travels might be something as terrible as a family member's passing, I decide to shift the conversation back to me. "Same here," I tell him. "I'm in town to visit some family, but I'm really dreading it." Edward takes a sip of his drink and then looks over to me. "Do you mind me asking why?" I smile ruefully, shaking my head. "Not at all; and there really isn't much to it, you know? We're just not as close as we once were." I shrug. "We all changed and there's no going back." I don't tell him which was the catalyst for the change, but I guess he must imagine just how painful it was because there's a sorrowful tone in his next words. "I'm sorry to hear that," he tells me. "One's family should be an unconditional support system, but it's not always like that. I get it." Getting back on track, I change the subject one more time. "Yeah, well, enough about me," I say. "Tell me more about yourself. What do you do for a living?" Edward's face lights up while he tells me that he's an investment banker who travels around the world as part of his job. When he begins sharing stories of places he's visited, I play my part by nodding and smiling when appropriate while also sharing anecdotes from trips I've made. Seeking any opportunity for our bodies to be in contact, I sit closer to Edward and place my hand on his forearm while my leg rubs against his when we shift. I can tell how much I affect him by the way he looks at me, and even though he tries to be subtle about it, I can feel the weight and heat of his gaze all over my body. It's rather amusing seeing as I'm not wearing anything provocative tonight—unless you count a white pantsuit as being sinful, of course. My grin shifts into a predatory smirk when I realize that I have him just where I want him: wound tightly and ready to snap when I go in for the kill. Wanting to prolong his misery, I order another drink from the bartender for myself and also order one for him as I'd offered to do before. Edward protests, but I insist that it's only fair since he's put up with my unsolicited company. "I wouldn't go as far as saying that," Edward protests. "Your company is great, actually—" "But you disapprove of my intentions," I interject, chuckling darkly. "Exactly," he agrees. "If things were different, Bella, I would have taken you up on your offer the minute you made it." "It truly is a shame, but you can't always get what you want." I shrug. "Such is life." "Imagine if we all got what we wanted." Edward exhales deeply, slightly annoyed, before speaking again. "The world would be in chaos." I nod. "Definitely, but let's not talk about that subject any longer, okay? Instead, tell me where you're from." "I'm from Chicago," he begins, "but I'm hardly at home to consider it that. What about you?" "New York is currently my permanent home, but before that, I really didn't have anywhere that felt as such," I reply, frowning. "And what do you do for a living?" Edward asks, slightly switching our conversation before he takes a sip of his drink. "I…" I exhale. "I don't really do much." Shrugging, I frown once more. "I kinda do my own thing? Travel here—there, anywhere." He smirks crookedly. "So, you travel the world and pick up guys at bars?" Raising my brow, I reply. "I only pick up guys that are worth my time—guys that I know will be worth the chase. If they come to me, it's actually kind of a turn off. Most men always approach me with the same, lame pickup lines." "I bet that happens a lot since you truly are beautiful." Edward actually makes me blush with his words, as if I'd never heard them before. Feeling childish, I mentally roll my eyes at myself and thank him for the compliment. "Coming from you, that means a lot," I say. "It's fairly obvious that you have exceptional taste." Edward laughs. "How can you deduce that from simply looking at me?" "By doing just that," I tell him. "It's written all over you, but especially by the way you dress." "So, my custom-fit suits are a hit?" he asks, playfully. "Definitely." I nod and take a final sip to my drink. "I'd say that your tailor deserves a big, fat bonus for Christmas. He or she makes you look sinfully sexy." "I'll keep that in mind," he snickers. "Well, I have to get going, but it was a pleasure to meet you, Edward," I say as I grab my clutch. Tipping his drink at me, he smiles. "It was a pleasure to meet you, too. Thank you for the drink, by the way." "It was my pleasure," I say, as I stand to leave and turn into him. Placing my hand on his shoulder, I lean down and give him a lingering peck on his lips. Before he can recover from my sudden kiss, I put my room key in his hand. "This is for you," I tell him. "Keep it in case you feel adventurous enough to have a rendezvous with me this weekend. I promise I won't tell anyone if you do." Edward locks gazes with me, yet remains silent as I step away from him. I turn and head in the direction of the elevators by the bar's exit. When I finally reach them and step into one, the last thing I see is Edward clutching my key card in his hand with a bewildered look on his face. I smirk, knowing that when he finally catches up to my game, he'll be mad that he didn't simply just give in to his desires. -O- When I return to my suite, I pop a Xanax into my mouth and down it with some water, hoping that its soothing effect has taken over by the time I take a much-needed shower. Maybe it's the fact that I have to visit my family tomorrow, or maybe I'm coming down from the adrenaline rush that chasing Edward at the bar gave me, but I feel on edge. After removing my shoes, I head into the bathroom and get the hot water running. Next, I undress and step into the shower, relaxing almost instantly when the water sprays reach my body. I take my time washing my hair and body, finding extreme pleasure in