For my Granny Annie, Annie Butts, Kni Nut... I hope they are everything you wanted! Happiest of birthdays to you! ILY! 3 (p.s. it's close enough to midnight, for me anyway, and your actual day of birth so because I'm impatient I'm posting this now) To Mid: beta queen! I love the way you fix my shit! 3 To Missy: the world's best pre-reader and friend 3 . . . I stood in the bathroom at school, carefully applying my lipstick in the mirror. Alice stood beside me chattering away to Rosalie. About what? I couldn't tell you. I tended to tune her out when she got on one of her tangents. Lipstick applied, I straightened up, admiring the way my tits looked in my low-cut shirt. Thank you Mother Nature and Victoria's Secret! I heard Rosalie snort and turned toward her; her eyes narrowed, I narrowed mine in return. "What?" I asked. "I look fan-fucking-tastic in this outfit. Don't laugh because you're jealous, Posie." "Don't call me Posie, Ella." She fumed, getting in my face. "Ladies, ladies," Alice interjected, stepping between the two of us. "Let's not start our first day of senior year fighting." "Fine," I said, ducking down to pick up my bag. I hoisted it onto my shoulder; stepping around Alice and making sure to shoulder check Rosalie on my way by. Alice and I were best friends, and Alice and Rosalie were best friends. Rosalie and I, on the other hand… well, let's just say if we weren't with Alice then we weren't hanging out together. Alice couldn't understand why the two of us didn't get along—it was simple really. Rosalie thought she was the shit, and didn't like me because I knew she wasn't. I firmly put her in her place when I'd first moved to Forks and she attempted to tell me the way things worked around here. She challenged me, and I was never one to back down from a challenge. We exited the bathroom and started to make our way to the front office to pick up our schedules. Once we'd retrieved them, we'd compare. I hoped this year I had second lunch. First lunch sucked because it was too early in the day. "Ugg" —Rosalie turned up her nose in disgust— "I have first lunch… again." I took a peek at mine. Yes! Second lunch followed by a spare. There was nothing better than that. Correction, the only thing better than that was having two spares after lunch. As an added bonus, I didn't have to put up with Rosalie at lunch this semester. "What did you get, Bella?" Alice wondered, attempting to grab the schedule from my hand. "Ah, ah, ah, Alice. What did we discuss about boundaries and personal space?" I held my schedule up high, and laughed at her repeated attempts to grab it. Shorty. "God, do you always have to be such a bitch?" Rosalie asked with a sneer. I felt the heat against my back too late to move, as the schedule was ripped from my grasp. "Let's see, what do we have here, Swan?" Turning away from the retort I was about to give Rosalie, I smirked. "Cullen." Out of the corner of my eye I could see Rosalie as she started primping her hair. I had to hold my laugh. Standing before me was the other reason Rosalie couldn't stand me: Edward Cullen. He was still a senior, though he was nineteen. His parents had moved a lot and he lost a year for some unknown reason. Rumor had it that he'd been in juvie, but I never put too much stock into rumor. Edward Cullen was everything I ever wanted in a man. He was tall, built, had tattoos and rode a bike—a sweet fucking hog that I couldn't wait to feel between my legs, not that I'd tell him that. The chase was half the fun. And boy did that man love to chase me. A fact that Rosalie couldn't fucking stand. Alice had told me once that Rosalie had had a lady boner for Edward since grade school. Edward wouldn't give her the time of day. In fact, he never acknowledged her existence at all. Rosalie couldn't stand the fact that Edward ignored her and talked to me. "Sweet, Swan, we have Bio together again. Maybe this will be the year you let me study your anatomy." He laughed, waggling his eyebrows. I scoffed and flipped my hair, putting my hands on my hips. Nobody missed the way his eyes scanned my body from top to bottom, lingering on the hem of my skirt. "Keep dreaming, Cullen." "Oh, I am, Swan... I am," he responded in a low, meaningful voice. And then without a glance at anyone else, he turned and walked down the hall. "Alice, let's go, we're going to be late," Rosalie snapped, tugging on her arm and moving down the hall. "See you later, Bella," Alice called out. I waved, turning and heading off to my first class. ... My first two classes seemed to move at a snail's pace. I couldn't wait for third period Biology. I had a feeling that Cullen was going to bring his A-game this year, and I also had a feeling this would finally be the year I would give in to his advances. I was, thankfully, getting out of this shithole town, moving on to Berkeley next year. So I could now afford a little distraction. If it pissed off Rosalie in the process, all the better. Finally, the bell rang and I got out of my seat, picking up my bag, and promptly bumped into fucking Jake. Mother of God he probably planned that shit. I rolled my eyes and started to walk away. "Bells, hey, Bells. Wait up!" he called out from behind me. I huffed, but slowed down a little. "What do you need, Jacob?" "Where you headed?" "Biology." "Sweet, I have Bio, too. We can be partners for our projects and study together." "Great," I replied, sarcasm dripping off my tongue. "I have to go to the bathroom before class. See you there, I guess." "I'll save you a seat." "Shit," I muttered, heading into the bathroom. I thought it was great that my dad and Jake's dad were besties, but the world would be a much better place once they all realized that didn't mean I had to like and hang around with Jake. I banged my head lightly against the wall beside me, whimpering. Then I pulled myself together. I did my business, touched up my lipstick, then headed to class. … I sauntered into Bio a minute before the bell rang, and looked around for an empty seat. My stomach dropped when I realized the only seat that appeared to be free was the one beside Jake. Fuck my life. He started shouting my name and waving me over to him. Resigned, I was about to head in his direction when from the back of the room came my saving grace. "Swan, get your ass back here." Oh, I could swear I had a Guardian Angel and she was sitting on my shoulder right now. Either that or I made a deal with the Devil in my sleep… but fuck it; I didn't have to sit beside Jake. Cullen got good marks too, so I wouldn't have to worry about doing projects on my own, and he was fucking hot. What about this situation was bad? Ignoring the look on Jake's face, I headed back and plopped down in the seat beside Cullen. The motion made my skirt hike that little bit more up my thighs. I didn't miss Cullen's appreciative gaze. Or the motion of his tongue flicking out to lick his lower lip. I kind of wanted to bite it. Class passed by painfully slow. Cullen had taken to running his finger just under the hem of my skirt and it was driving me to distraction. I wanted to throw him down on the table and ride him; I wanted to straddle him in his chair and kiss him until we were both breathless. I wanted… the shrill sound of the bell jolted me out of my dirty thoughts, and Cullen chuckled this breathy laugh that made my insides clench. Fuck, did I ever want him, and now that I'd permitted myself to think about it, it was all I could think about. "So, Swan, you got plans for lunch?" he asked, peering up at me from beneath his lashes. "As a matter of fact, I do," I told him. It wasn't my imagination that he looked a little bit rejected at my answer. Trying to play nonchalant he said, "Oh, yeah? Anything special?" I stood there silently willing him to look up at me. I wasn't disappointed. "I figured I'd let you take me for a ride." His face lit up. "Seriously?" "Let's go Cullen; I've been waiting forever to have you between my thighs." He choked. I grinned. Grabbing his hand I led us out of the classroom into the hall. I didn't even give him a chance to go to his locker, instead going to mine and putting all of our stuff inside. I tugged him until he was following me again and went outside to his bike. I stopped beside it. "What are we doing, Bella?" he asked in confusion. "I told you, I was going to let you take me for a ride. What did you think I meant?" I countered him as innocently as possible. He cheeks flushed red. "I... uh..." I laughed. "Come on, Cullen. Take me for a ride. Let me see what this little beauty can do." His bike was almost as beautiful as he was—and what a sweet ride; sleek and black with shiny chrome, and powerful. I was practically drooling. He'd apparently inherited it from his grandfather, who'd passed away when he was ten. This was the first year his parents had allowed him to drive it to school. He straddled the bike, patting the seat behind him. I didn't even care that he was going to get a show when I did the same. I straddled the bike behind him and closed my thighs around his hips. The bike started with a roar, the vibration humming through my body and causing me to moan. I wrapped my hands low around his waist and scooted forward, pressing myself right up against the small of his back. The studs on his belt pinched the skin of my inner thighs slightly. The bite of them was quite pleasurable with the vibration between my legs, and I shamelessly rubbed myself against him to create more friction. "Bella, you're killing me." He growled, reaching down. I assumed he was adjusting himself. I laughed, leaning up to his ear, telling him to give the bike all he could. The rear tire squealed as we peeled out of the parking lot. …. I couldn't even tell you how long we drove. I concentrated on the feel of Edward's thighs between mine, the feel of the muscles on his back rubbing against me deliciously, the feel of his abs under his shirt. I could tell he was still turned on because he'd mutter every so often and shift around in the seat. Eventually he pulled off the road onto a service road and put his legs down to steady the bike. "You got anywhere to be after lunch period?" "No, I have a spare, then gym. I can miss gym." "Good," he replied, lifting his feet and starting us forward down the road. We drove for about five more minutes before the trees thickened enough that the highway was hidden. "Where are we?" I asked. "Nowhere special. I just wanted some time alone with you. Is that okay?" "You know what, Cullen? I think it just might be more than okay." I smiled, climbing off the bike