For Kni. I hope your birthday is as amazing as you are! I love you! Thanks going out to the Curls girls for their support and to Missy especially for fixing my tense errors…but this is unbeta'd folks! The sun is beating down, it is so hot, at least a hundred. The sweat is pouring down the back of my neck, wetting my shirt, and collecting on my forehead. I lift my shirt up, using to it wipe the sweat from my forehead before it can drip into my eyes. That shit stings. Man, it's too hot to be working outside today. I'd been hoping for rain, but though there were clouds collecting in the distance and I could hear the distant rumble of thunder, the weather man said it would be a few hours still. Fuck me for being a good neighbour. It's not like Mr. S can't afford to hire someone to do this for him. I grab another bale of hay, lifting it over my head, feeling the strain in already too tired muscles, and heave it into the truck bed. I just want to be home in my air conditioned house, playing my guitar and drinking beer. Aren't there laws against this type of manual labour in the heat? Then again, I did volunteer. I can hear my brother now, calling me a pussy and telling me to get over myself. It's all well and good for him, he is a doctor. You don't get anymore cushy than that. Often, I wonder why I've always wanted to work on a farm so damn bad. Especially on days like today. A noise from inside the barn alerts me to the fact that I am no longer alone. A glance through the barn window reveals Isabella, Mr. S's daughter. Man, she is one fine piece. A look but don't touch piece though, if I know what's good for me. I need to finish this job and then take myself back down to my place. I still have work to do at my own place before I can crack that beer. I pull my eyes from the sight of Isabella in her cutoff shorts and tiny tank, and grab another hay bale, lift it over my head and toss it in the truck bed. It's a really good thing I only have to drive the stuff over to the Clearwater's and don't have to unload. He can get his pack of kids to do the hard work on that end. I wonder if Sue will give me some of her famous peach pie while I wait for them to finish. Best pie in three counties. I notice that the bales of hay are getting close to the edge of the tailgate so I hoist myself up to shift the load back. I pull the bales back and stack them, hoping that I have enough rope to tie them down, there are a lot more than I expected. I once again raise my shirt to wipe my brow, the hot sun blazing heat against my skin. Load shifted, I jump back down out of the truck bed to load the last couple of bales. Standing to my full height, I notice Isabella standing in the open barn door beside the bales of hay. I tip my hat and greet her silently and go back to work. That girl is trouble with a capital T. Standing there, trying to play innocent, with her tiny shorts, tiny top and no bra, she is holding a glass of iced tea, condensation dripping down the glass. I can see her out of the corner of my eye dragging that glass along the smooth column of her neck, beads of water dripping from the glass between her breasts. Like I said, trouble . I turn away from her, not wanting to give her the satisfaction of getting to me, and shift my erection in my jeans. She is the devil disguised as an angel and I want to be a sinner so bad. That girl knows exactly what she does to me, too. She's been trying to get my attention for years, and I long to be able to give it to her. She has her whole life ahead of her though. College in the fall, a chance to spread her wings and fly. Despite the attraction I feel for this girl I won't give in, I won't tie her here, to this town, to me. I clear another few hay bales before I realise she's still standing in her spot by the door. I don't want to be rude and ignore her, so after I shift the load again I jump down and walk over to her. "Hello, Isabella." "Mr. Masen." She smirks, knowing I hate when she calls me that. "How many times do I have to tell you to call me Edward?" She fingers the collar of my sweaty shirt. "About as many as I've told you to call me Bella." She looks up at me from under her eyelashes and all I can picture is grabbing her and kissing the life out of her. The slight smile on her face shows me that she knows too. I clear my throat and step back from her. "How's your father doing today?" She frowns slightly. "A little better. Your brother was out to see him earlier. Told him he'd have to be off his leg for at least another week." My hand stretches toward her, I rub my thumb in the furrow of her brow to straighten it. Pretty girls should not look so troubled. "I heard him all the way down here," I tell her adding, "He'll be okay, Bella." She gives me a slight smile. "So long as he stays off it. Listen, I know he acted put out when you offered to do this for him, but I know he appreciates it. So do I." She looks up at me from beneath her lashes again, and I can't resist touching some other part of her. My hand meets the soft skin of her cheek. I tilt her head up so she's looking at me fully. "I'll do anything to help him get better, Bella. You don't have to worry about that." The smile on her face widens and I can't stop my thumb from tracing her bottom lip. Her breath hitches in her throat, and I close my eyes and take a deep breath, pulling my hand away quickly. "Well I best be getting back to this. I still have to take it to the Clearwater's and do stuff around my place before the rain hits." I pretend I don't see the sadness in her eyes as she sighs and says a quiet 'goodbye' before handing me the glass of iced tea and running back toward the house. That girl is going to be the death of me. xox I get the load to Clearwater's and much to my delight, not only does Harry make the kids unload the truck bed, but Sue gives me a piece of peach pie. As I'm eating it my mind keeps flicking back to my earlier interaction with Isabella. The look of her breasts underneath her tiny, tight tank, ripe like peaches. I choke on my pie a little. Sue hands me a glass of milk and I chug it down, thanking her. "How's Charlie doing, Edward?" Harry asks. I snort. "As well as could be expected I suppose. He doesn't want to rely on others, but Emmett told him he has to stay off the leg for at least a couple more weeks." Harry laughs loudly. "I bet that put him in a right state." I smile back, it did. I could hear him yelling all the way down to the barn. They ask after Isabella and I tell them how Charlie glowed when he said she'd been accepted to the college she wanted, on full scholarship too. I'm proud of her myself, not that I said anything, of course. That would make me look weird. Charlie already looks at me in a way that let's me know that he knows I feel something for his girl, but neither of us acknowledge it. Harry and Sue's boys come into the kitchen and pronounce their work done, so I say my goodbyes before heading home. xox I'm just finishing up the last of my chores, the thundering rumbling, louder now, closer. I can feel the chill picking up in the air, and I know this storm is going to be a doozy. I hear the gravel of my driveway crunch and look up in confusion, seeing Charlie's pickup bouncing down my driveway. I use my shirt to clear the sweat off my brow. Again. The truck stops and I can see Bella behind the wheel. I'm a little confused when she doesn't get out of the truck but instead puts her head down on her hands. I decide to give her some time. I mean she came for a reason, surely she'll come out eventually and share it. Right? Women are strange creatures. I gather up my extra tools and head over to the barn putting them inside. I hear a noise behind me and turn to see Bella, standing in the barn door, still wearing those cursed short shorts and tiny tank. The sky behind her is dark as night, lightning flashing and I don't know what I did, and she looks pissed as hell. "Bella?" I question. "Why don't you want me?" she blurts out. I'm stuck, stunned. She thinks I don't want her. Has she not been paying attention for the last six months? I can finally really see her for the grown woman she's become, doesn't she know? Of course I want her, the silly infuriating girl. I growl, frustrated. "Of course I want you. But wanting you and having you are two different things." She looks perplexed. I stalk toward her. "I've wanted you since I moved to this town." Her breath catches in her throat and she looks up at me. I've managed to back her up against the wall beside the open barn door. Lightning streaks the sky again and the rumble of thunder shakes the barn. I place my hands on either side of her head, caging her in. "But you've always known that, haven't you, Bella? Always flirting with me, making sure to rub up against me whenever possible. Making sure I heard all about your romp with Mickie Newton. You were trying to make me jealous, weren't you?" Her breathing is coming in pants now, pressing her breasts against my chest with each inhalation. I can feel her nipples through her shirt and I want to feel them in my palm. I place my hand on her chest, just above her left breast so I can feel her racing heart; its frantic beat matches my own. "Answer me!" I demand. "Ye-yes." I laugh, but it's tinged with bitterness. "I knew what you were up to, that day on the phone with your little friend Alice. Bragging about how good he made you feel. Then I had to listen to him brag about it in the bar. Did you never wonder why he had that black eye?" Her gasp tells me that she did in fact wonder, but I just confirmed her suspicions. "What did you want me to do, Bella? Did you want me to beat the shit out of him? Did you want me to come to you and demand that you be mine? Oh, believe me, I want to do both, but I can't." Her face shows hurt as she asks, "Why?" "Because you're meant for bigger and better things then this town, Bella. You're meant for better than me. A man ten years older than you." I shake my head. "You deserve more." "But I don't want more!" she shouts, gripping