Many thanks go out to the organizers of the Fandom4LLS. Cancer has touched many of us. Let's kick its ass. Many, many thanks to my pre-readers Kni Nut and CullensTwiMistress and to CTM for the awesome banner she made! Many, many, many thanks go to my beta Midnight Cougar. She fixes my shit, what I change after is not her fault, mistakes are my own! I must also give thanks to Joe Thornton... for having loose lips! The minute the words left my lips, I knew I was fucked. The locker room went dead silent; all eyes were on me. Coach Cullen looked ready to blow a gasket; his face redder than a tomato. I turned to see McCarty and Yorkie were stifling their laughs, and not very well. Whitlock clapped me on the back, turning and shaking his head, probably so no one could see the tears of mirth in his eyes. I just stood there, wanting to die of embarrassment, while the flashbulbs went off, capturing my humiliation in full color. "Can I quote you on that, Masen?" James Hunter asked with his smug smile. I wanted to punch the smile right off his face. It was his fault the words had come out of my mouth in the first place. Black, a rookie, was just called up from the farm team, and so what if he scored a bunch of goals—that was what we were paid for. So what if he celebrated scoring them—celebrating was something all of us did. Hunter was riling him up about it, accusing him of showboating. I thought I'd whispered softly enough that only Black could hear me. I was wrong. Rosalie was going to kill me. My mother was going to kill me. "Okay, show's over folks, everyone out," Coach Cullen's voice rang out. I stalked back toward my locker, opening it and grabbing my body wash and a towel. By the time I turned around, the locker room was free of everyone but players, and I sighed in relief. My relief was short-lived. "Edward," my step-father spoke from behind me. "I'd like to see you in my office once you've changed." Fuck my life, I was screwed. ….. "What the hell were you thinking, son?" Carlisle asked the minute I closed the door to his office. I sighed before sitting down. "I was thinking that poor kid was getting grief for doing his job, Dad. And I was trying to let him know he didn't do anything wrong." It was his turn to sigh. "Edward, there's a time and place for comments like that." Then he hastily added, "But don't tell your mother I said that." I nodded. "I know that, Dad, and I'm sorry. I didn't think any of them would hear." He pinched the bridge of his nose, shaking his head. "You have to be punished for this, Edward." He raised his hand as I opened my mouth to protest. "The Brass aren't suspending you; you've been issued a fine of 5,000 dollars, and you have to explain to your mother why you said it." I groaned. Between my mother and Rosalie, five grand was nothing. x0x Pulling up to my mom's place for Sunday dinner, my stomach was in knots. I might be a grown man, but my mother could still put me in my place. I could see Rosalie's car was already here. Shit, I was screwed. I could only hope that McCarty was too busy to come with her today; asshole was still sending me text messages about it. Letting myself in the front door, I could hear my mother in the living room. "'Team Captain Edward Masen sticks up for his rookie teammate, Jacob Black, and paints a shocking picture of what he'd do if he scored four goals in a game.' They also have an odd picture here of Edward. Carlisle, why does it matter how he celebrates?" I heard my father sigh heavily, followed by a boisterous laugh. Shit, Emmett was here. "Emmett McCarty, this isn't funny! I don't understand where they got this picture of Edward with a rooster. He doesn't even live on a farm. And if he scored four goals, why would he take a rooster on the ice and pet it like he says he would?" By now my face was probably as red as Carlisle's was yesterday, and I could still hear McCarty laughing his ass off, the prick. The next voice turned my stomach, and I knew I was in really deep shit. "His penis, Mother. Edward was referring to his penis!" I could hear my mother gasp. "Rosalie!" "What? It's true. Your golden boy is quoted as saying he would whip out his cock and stroke it if he scored four goals in one game." "Is that true, Carlisle? Is that what he meant? Why didn't you tell me?" she asked; disappointment and upset evident in her voice. "Emmett McCarty, I already told you, this is not funny!" "Sorry, Mrs. C!" he apologized through another laugh. "No, it's not funny," Rosalie hissed, and I could hear the smack land on the back of Emmett's head. "It's a PR person's nightmare! He's lucky he's my brother or I'd drop him as a client." I wanted to head straight back out the door, but as I turned to do just that I bumped into the table, knocking it against the wall. "Edward Anthony, I know you're out there. Get in here and explain this to me… now!" my mother shouted. Shit. x0x I sat through dinner and took the verbal beat down I knew I had coming from both my mother and my sister. My mother was humiliated that her son would "say something so crass," and Rosalie was fit to be tied that I'd said it at all. She questioned what the hell I was thinking. Any attempt to defend myself was met by harsh criticism from everyone, except McCarty. Fucker was still making jokes about it, crowing at me and shit. I kicked him under the table. Carlisle, thankfully, remained silent about it... until I was leaving. Once dinner was over and I'd helped clean up, I tried to make a break for it. He caught me as I was going out the door. "You're to be at practice tomorrow an hour ahead of schedule, Edward. Mr. Volturi wants to meet with you." "But I thought I was just getting a fine?" I whined, yes I whined, but you didn't know Volturi, that guy gave me the creeps. "No, I told you that you're getting fined..." He paused for effect. "Mr. Volturi has something else in mind, as well." I sighed, resigned. "Fine, see you tomorrow." I racked my brain all night trying to figure out just what Volturi could do to me, but came up blank. I guessed I would have to wait and find out. I tossed and turned all night; barely getting any sleep. By the time I woke up the next day, I was exhausted and in a really shitty mood. To top things off, they got my coffee order wrong. The girl was so nervous to be serving me that when she tried to take it back it spilled all over both me and the counter. I told her to forget it and left without my coffee. I got to the arena at the scheduled time and walked to Volturi's office. "Come in, Mr. Masen," he said with a gleam in his eye. Shit. This did not look good. x0x "You want me to what?" I yelled. "No, no way. No fucking way! Carlisle?" He just sat there, not saying anything. I was pissed. He couldn't do that. "You embarrassed us, Mr. Masen. You embarrassed this team and this organization. Not to mention the fine we had to pay to the FCC. You think the five thousand you gave covered the cost? That was a drop in the bucket compared to what the actual fine was. The way I see it, you owe us." "You can't do that! I've already paid my fine. I would've paid the whole fine; it's not like I don't have the money!" "Mr. Masen, this is not an option." "But that game was optional. I was supposed to be going on vacation. I've already rented a place." "You took your option away when you opened your mouth and made a fool out of this organization. Do it, or be traded." I didn't want to be traded; I loved playing for this team. I sighed and agreed. "Fine, I'll do it. But I want it noted, for the record, that I'm not happy about this!" I stood up, grabbed my jacket, and stormed toward the door. "Mr. Masen!" Aro called out, and I froze in place, hand on the doorknob. "You'll do well to remember that your actions affect us all. I suggest you keep your words clean and bring some honor back to this team." "Yes, sir," I gritted out, wrenching the door open and stalking through the building to the locker room. I got changed into my workout clothes and hit the gym. I was not looking forward to this at all. x0x I took out my frustrations on the treadmill, then went back to the locker room to suit up for practice. I was lacing up my skates when Black sat down on the bench next to me. I nodded at him. "What's up, man?" "Not much." He shifted a little on the bench. "Hey, listen, Masen. I just wanted to say thank you, you know, for taking the heat off me the other day." I let out a soft snort. "Yeah, some help I was." "No man, it was really cool of you to do that. I mean I wasn't trying to show off. I don't know where that asshole got that from." "James Hunter is a prick, Black; don't listen to anything he says." "Well, I wanted to thank you again. I heard you got fined and Volturi's making you do something else, too." "Yeah, he's forcing me to give up my vacation time and play in that charity game against the University. Don't get me wrong, I don't mind doing stuff for charity, but I've played the last three charity games, and I was really looking forward to some down time." He blew out a breath. "That sucks, man. Hey, why don't I sign up to play, too? I wasn't doing anything anyway." "That would be great, thanks." It would be cool to have another professional player playing with me. All the guys signed up to play in the charity game were from the farm team. Now if only I could rope McCarty into it, as well. I looked up to see him goofing around. This shouldn't be too hard. x0x I managed to avoid seeing any more media spots about my choice of words leading up to the charity game. I was glad it seemed to have blown over. Thank you Sean Avery for being an idiot and doing something stupid—again—to take the heat off me. We were suiting up in the locker room; the other guys clear across the room, glancing over at McCarty and me every so often. I couldn't blame them really; I'd once been in their position. I remembered being on my farm team and a pro coming in to help us out with our workout once. I acted like a total tool. I was going to do my best to make them a little less nervous. "So, check this out," Black said, sitting down beside me. "I just found out that the goalie for the University team dropped out." "What? Why?" Jake snorted. "Apparently, when their goalie, some guy named Newton, heard that you, me, and McCarty were playing, he passed out." McCarty started laughing, so did the other guys in the locker room—though they were nervously looking at each other. I really hoped