My entry for the May/December contest! Special thanks going out to NicficWhisperer and CarrieZM for hosting such a great contest! Midnight Cougar for the beta job and Annie Butts and CullensTwiMistress for pre-reading! Love to you all! Thanks for everyone who reviewed it for the contest, I promise I will thank you all personally at some point! "Thanks for coming in, Edward," Heidi says as she stands, reaching out her hand to shake mine. "Well, it's not like I had much choice, is there?" I ignore her hand and sit on the chair. "I suppose that's fair," she concedes, sitting back behind her desk. "Well, why don't we just get right to it then? I'd like you to tell me about the events leading up to that night." I sigh and run my hands through my hair. I don't want to be thinking about it, let alone talking about it. I tap my fingers against my leg in agitation; my right foot shaking back and forth where it's perched on my left knee. "Edward," Heidi chastises, "you know you're innocent in all this, but in order to prove it, you're going to have to talk about it. I know you don't want to—" I glare up at her. "I know you don't. But there's no choice... Why don't you just start where it all began?" The beginning is a difficult place to start; I don't even truly know where it began, or how, or why. "It was really cold that night, that much I remember." I look up, Heidi is sitting still, pen poised over her note pad. "The heater in the car was broken and we were freezing our asses off." … " Fuck, man, I'm freezing my nuts off." Riley's teeth chatter, and you can see the puffs of air as his warm breath hits the frigid air around him. "You'd think the department could spring for cars with fucking heat if we're going to be sitting in them for hours at night in the dead of winter." I take a sip of my now lukewarm coffee; it had been piping hot when I brought it back five minutes ago. I laugh. "You'd think, wouldn't you? Welcome to the force." My old partner had put in for a transfer to Homicide, and they'd saddled me with the new recruit. Though it isn't usually done, recruits who score one hundred percent on all tests and show exceptional promise in weaponry and physicality, can apply for special divisions — such as the Narcotics Division — as soon as they graduate. I'd been given the same option when I graduated, and now that I've reached the status of Detective, I can train others. He'll get used to the shitty cars, the shitty hours and the shitty leg work required in this job soon enough. " You been doing this long, Edward?" " Oh, about fifteen years now." " Really?" He sounds impressed. "I thought most Narcotics Agents tapped out after five years." I snort a laugh. "Yeah, that's usually about how long it is. But I've got a sister; she's half my age and in her senior year. Maybe after she graduates I'll think about changing departments, but while she's still in high school I want to be able to protect her from the shit they're selling on the streets and around her school. It's become a huge problem here — one that seems to grow every year." …... "Let's talk about your sister for a minute," Heidi cuts in. I level her with a look. "Do you want me to talk about what happened or not?" "I do, but I don't see anything wrong with me asking you a few harmless questions, for curiosity sake." I huff a breath that's half laugh, half exasperation. "Fine, what do you want to know?" "When your parents had…" She trails off, either not really knowing her name or wanting me to say it just to be a bitch. I suspect it's the latter as I'm sure it's in my file. "Alice," I supply. "Yes, right, sorry." Her lips say the words but her tone indicates she isn't in the least. "How did that make you feel?" "How did what make me feel?" "How did your parents having Alice make you feel? You'd been on your own with them for what"—she now checks her file—"seventeen years, and suddenly you had to compete with a new baby." My laugh this time is loud and obnoxious; about as obnoxious as this line of questioning. "Look, Heidi? I get that you think you have me pegged. But you aren't going to find the answers you're seeking in questioning me about my sister. I love my sister—period. I wasn't jealous; I didn't have to compete for my parents' affection. My parents had her, I went off to the Police Academy, and now here I am." "You just said you'd informed your partner that you stayed in the Narcotics Division because of Alice, though…" "Yes, because I wanted to protect her, as I said, I love my sister. And I do like my job... most days." I give her a pointed look. "Can I get on with the story now?" "Please"—she motioned with her hand—"continue." …... " You been on many surveillance operations like this?" Riley's voice cuts through the darkness. I shrug, though I don't know if he can see me in the dark. "Quite a few." " What's the worst part about them, do you think?" " Aside from the cold?" I ask. " Yes." He laughs. " Probably the boredom. When shit is going down it can be fun, interesting even. But when it's like this" — I motion out the window at the empty streets — "it's pretty fucking boring, as you can tell." He laughs again. He's quiet for a few minutes. "Hey, Edward?" " Yeah?" " Do you ever" — he shrugs slightly and huffs a little — "you know, get… um… scared?" I look at him then, truly look for the first time. He's young, fresh out of the Academy at nineteen, and he looks as though he's ready to piss his pants. I think back fifteen years, to when I was fresh out and on my first assignment, and decide to be honest with him. " Now? Not at all, back when I was fresh out of the Academy? Hell yes. I still remember my first surveillance operation. I was paired up with McCarty; he was the biggest motherfucker I've ever seen in my life." I laugh. "Just looking at him made me want to piss myself; not to mention the fact we were watching one of Seattle's biggest dealers at the time. But you know what?" " What?" " McCarty told me something, and I'll tell you the same thing he told me..." I glance over and see I have his full attention. "'Cullen, there are only three things you need to do this job well: brains, guts, and the ability to hold your bladder.'" We both laugh at that, and I can see Riley relax a little. A few minutes go by before he speaks again. " Hey, Edward?" " Yeah?" " Thanks." …... "Let's talk about McCarty for a minute," Heidi interrupts. I groan, and my leg shaking increases. "Let's not." I practically growl at her. She smiles at me then, but not a friendly smile. "Edward, in order for us to figure out what was going through your mind that night, we have to determine where your head was at the time. In order to do that, we have to talk about some things you may not be comfortable discussing. As I've said, you aren't in any trouble…" "But it sure fucking feels like it." I slam my hand down on my leg to stop it from shaking. "You aren't. I promise. The Brass simply wants to know what you were thinking; what you were feeling at the time of the incident, and it's important to know where your thoughts were that night. Now let's talk about McCarty. You were partners with Emmett for a while, correct?" "Fifteen years," I snap back in response. "Fifteen years is a long time to be partnered with someone in this department — is it not?" "Yes, most guys leave Narcotics after a few years." "Yet you and McCarty both stayed. You because you wanted to protect your sister from the dangerous drugs she could potentially be exposed to as a teenager. What was McCarty's reason?" "Emmett's daughter's sixteen, so the reason is similar." "The two of you got along? Despite your difference in age?" "Yes." "It says here, in your file, that the two of you got into a heated altercation at the Station, and you had to be separated by other officers. Then five minutes later, McCarty was in Homicide and you were partnered with Officer Biers." "Is there a question in there?" "What was the altercation about?" I exhale through my nose. "Nothing." "Edward, two seasoned officers don't come to blows in the Station House after being partnered for fifteen years over nothing." "McCarty disagreed with my life choices." "That life choice McCarty disagreed with… That was what?" "You already fucking know this shit." "Yes, I do, but I need you to tell me in your own words, Edward." "McCarty didn't like the fact I was dating." "Detective McCarty didn't want you to date? Was he jealous of your girlfriend?" Her eyes gleam with mirth, and I want to slap the smile off her face. I shoot her a look. "McCarty didn't like the fact she was a year older than his daughter. I think I'm done for the day." I stand up and walk out, slamming the door behind me. …. I'm not expecting the smell of food when I walk into the house. "Bella?" I call out. I really hope it's her and not my mother. I love my mother to bits, but since the incident she hasn't really left me alone, and fuck, I'm a thirty-four-year-old man; I don't need her shoulder to "cry" on. "I'm in here!" She calls out from the kitchen, and I exhale. Thank fuck it's her. I walk to the kitchen, removing my tie as I go. When I enter the doorway she's standing at the stove, back facing the door. She's wearing my Cullen jersey and nothing else. I can't even help the smile that forms on my face. "What are you doing, Princess?" I come up behind her, wrapping my arms around her waist. I bury my nose in her neck and inhale her sweet scent. She giggles, swatting at me playfully, but not really doing anything to stop me from nuzzling her. I start planting kisses up the column of her neck, and up behind her ear, where I give a little suck, making her moan. "I'm trying to cook you dinner." "Shouldn't you be studying for January finals?" She glances at me over her shoulder and bites her bottom lip. "I should be, but Alice told me about today, so I figured I'd come and make you dinner first." I gently remove her bottom lip from the snare of her teeth and kiss her. "Thanks, baby, but you didn't have to do that. I'm fine." She sighs. "Edward…" "I said, I'm fine," I snap, instantly regretting it when tears fill her eyes. "Shit, Princess, I'm sorry. Please don't cry, please, it's been a little rough, but I promise you I'm okay." She turns back to the stove, still sniffling. "You should go shower before dinner." She squirms out of my arms, and fuck, I didn't mean to snap at her, but I don't want to talk about what happened today, especially with her. She feels bad enough about the shit with McCarty, without hearing about it. "Baby," I say gently, reaching my hand out toward her shoulder. She turns, wiping under her eyes, and gives me