Contest entry for the Happily Ever After TwiFic Contest Title: Maybe Next Time He'll Think Name: Maplestyle Pairing: Edward/Bella Rating: M Beta: Alice's White Rabbit Pre-readers: Liv and Heather (without whom I wouldn't have posted at all! Thanks ladies! Summary: When Bella catches her boyfriend cheating will a handsome stranger help her forget him? Disclaimer: Not owned by me! No real cars were harmed in the writing of this! Most 'they lived happily ever afters' begin with 'once upon a time'. They contain a heroine, usually some naïve girl that some evil villain is trying to exterminate and her hero who swoops in at the last minute to save the day and ride them off into the sunset. The villain gets their comeuppance and all is right in the world. My happily ever after doesn't begin with once upon a time, though I played the part of naïve very well. My happily ever after begins with a betrayal, a man, a piece of damaged property and two charges of lewd behavior in public. I am Bella Swan and this is my story. Seattle, Washington 7:00 p.m. Rushing around to get ready for our date, my phone chimes with an incoming text message. I put my mascara wand down and pick up my phone. B – going to have to bail tonight. Marcus is making me work late. I'll make it up to you, promise. - E I groan in frustration. This has been happening more often lately and I'm starting to really get pissed. It's our anniversary today and I was told that Marcus knew and would be letting him off early. E - can't you tell Marcus that you have to leave? Tell him you'll work extra next week. It's our anniversary today! – B B – tried that already. Fucker is making me stay and finish this case I started. I swear I'll make it up to you, baby. - E E – fine! Want me to at least bring you dinner or something? I don't mind – B B – no, don't worry about me, he's at least buying us dinner. Don't wait up, I'll be late. Maybe I should just go to my place – E E – please come here when you're finished. I want to at least see you on our anniversary! – B I wait to hear back from him but I don't. I'm livid by this point. I thought, for sure, that our one year anniversary would come before his caseload. I guess I should get used to the long work hours given his profession but I never figured he'd have to bail on such a special occasion. When we first started dating, he never worked this many hours. I figured maybe he was coming up for some sort of promotion. It was the only reason I could think of that would suddenly have him working late almost every night and bailing on our plans all the time. Not wanting to wallow in my own misery for the night, and already dressed to kill, I decide to call my best friend Alice, to see if she wants to meet up somewhere. She answers on the third ring, sounding out of breath. "What's up, Bella?" she asks. "Nothing much. I'm dressed to kill with nowhere to go. Please say you'll come out with me?" I can hear the whine in my voice—it's slightly pathetic—and I roll my eyes at myself. "Don't you and E have plans tonight?" she wonders. "We did," I sigh, "but he has to work late, again." "But isn't it your anniversary today?" "It is, and I'm pissed, believe me. So, what do you say? Drinks?" "I really wish I could, B, but I already had plans with Jasper. I was just finishing getting ready when you called. You can come with us if you want." I sigh again, "No, I don't want to play third wheel. Don't worry about it, Ali. I'll catch up with you later." Alice and I have been friends since we were paired up in high school for a project. Our friendship has even managed to survive me falling for her brother. I wouldn't have ever gone there if she hadn't insisted that we were 'meant for each other' and 'think about it, Bella, if you marry him we could really be sisters'. Not having any siblings of my own, I'm really thankful for her coming into my life. I flick on the TV and start mindlessly flipping channels. I find a Honey Boo Boo marathon on and stare at the screen. After an hour, I feel as if I'm about to come out of my skin with boredom so I decide to head out to the bar by myself. I might as well, I'm all dressed up and this skirt is killer and shows off my legs. Pairing it with the six inch stilettos I borrowed from Alice makes my legs and ass look amazing and I refuse to sit around by myself all night. I make my way downstairs after calling for a cab and chat with Aro, the night doorman, while I wait. Aro is a really pervy old man and I swear he keeps checking out my ass but I refuse to call him out on it because I don't want to embarrass him. The cab pulls up to the curb out front and Aro insists on walking me to the car and helping me slide in. He kisses my hand and tells me to have a wonderful and safe evening. I can feel a blush heat my cheeks. "Where to?" the cabbie asks. "Jake's bar please," I reply. I came across Jake's quite by accident one day. I was standing in line to get coffee; as soon as the barista handed me the cup, I turned and slammed into the person standing behind me, spilling the coffee all over myself and him. I blushed and stammered out an apology. The tall, muscular man accepted my apology on the condition that I come to his brother's bar when it opened the following week. I decided to give it a go and have been going ever since when I need a break from writing or when I'm ditched for work. I haven't told anyone about this place. For some reason, I like to keep it a secret. Maybe it's because the bartender flirts with me and sometimes it's nice to feel wanted. I know E loves me, but we've come to that place in our relationship where the lust isn't as consuming as it once was. It makes a girl feel good to know she's still got it. I know that if I ever brought them here it would cause problems, so I haven't said anything. I don't like when E gets possessive of me and I know the bartender's comments would make the caveman come out. The cab pulls up to the front of the bar and I saunter inside. I hear a whistle and look up, smiling at Seth behind the bar. He's mixing a drink and his muscles are on display in his tank top. "Damn, Bells. Look at you," Seth exclaims. "What are you all dressed up for?" "I was supposed to be going out with my boyfriend for our anniversary. He had to work again," I reply with a roll of my eyes. Seth chuckles. "I bet my brother is up in the office salivating over that outfit, girl. You should hear him every time you leave. He won't shut up about you." I laugh. Seth starts telling me about his brother and his lust for me, again. I get this speech every time I come in. He says he probably hides up in his office stroking it and dreaming of me while he drools. I always slap his arm and tell him to quit it. I've never met his brother. Seth tells me it's because his brother is weird and doesn't want to look like an idiot in front of me, so he won't come down into the bar until I'm gone. I tell Seth to tell him I don't bite, unless he wants me to. By ten o'clock, I'm well passed buzzed and set firmly on the train to tipsyville when a familiar peel of laughter by the door catches my ear. I glance at the door and my heart nearly stops. "Shit!" I cry out and jump behind the bar, ducking down. "Bella?" Seth asks with a laugh in his voice. "What the fuck are you doing?" "Shut up," I hiss at him. "Someone just came in and I don't want them to see me just yet." I have to be mistaken, I think to myself. There is no way that he and Alice just came into this bar. He's supposed to be at work and she's supposed to be out with Jasper. Why the hell would they be here? I can hear him talking to her as they approach the bar. I slide myself even further underneath toward the glasses. "So what's up Jasper's ass?" he questions her. She sighs, "He's pissed at me. He wants you to know he doesn't condone this and refused to come out with us." "Well, he's going to have to get used to her being around, Alice. I'm not going to end it. I think, well, I think I love her." I cover my mouth with my hand. Trying to either hold in the puke or the words that want to come spewing out of my mouth. He thinks he loves her? Who? They can't be talking about me that is for sure, because he knows he loves me. Right? "He just thinks that you should have ended it with Bella before starting something new." I hear her reply. I can see Seth's head whip down toward me, eyes open wide. I frantically shake my head at him and motion for him to do something so he doesn't give me away. "What can I get you guys?" Seth booms out. They order their drinks and Seth makes them as I stay crouched behind the bar. I pull out my phone and send a text. E – haven't heard from you in a while, are you sure you don't want me to come down there? Even just to keep you company? – B By now I'm sitting on my ass on the floor. Five minutes later my phone vibrates. B – ah, babe, that's sweet of you to ask. Don't worry about it though. Marcus fed us and I'm too busy for a visit. In fact, I'm going to have to bail on coming over tonight. He's making us pull an all-nighter. – E Why that lying, sack of shit bastard! I mean, if you don't want to be with me then fine, but at least be honest about it. I knew I wasn't his usual type; all through high school and college with the blondes: Lauren, Katie and Irina. Out of all of them I, liked Katie the best; she was the only one of the three that treated Alice and me like people and not the dirt on their shoes. I never really did see what he saw in me when we got together last year. We were friends, but Alice kept pushing us to go on one date to see where it could lead. Two months later, he told me that he loved me, and I believed him. I'm pissed that he would lie to me, and I'm wondering how long it's been going on. I peek over the top of the bar. I'm not surprised to see his lips attached to the busty blonde. What does shock me is the look of joy on Alice's face, that and the fact that said busty blonde is his new secretary. It suddenly makes sense and I curse myself for being so stupid. His late nights started