AN: I don't own anything. This very special birthday one shot is going to to Missy (aka CullensTwiMistress) I hope your day is as amazing as you are lady! Special shout outs to: The Triangle of Curls Girls for their unwavering support, Compass54, Kni Nut and Kim Ginsberg for their last minute pre-reading/betaing. My phone had been ringing all day, friends calling to wish me a happy birthday and lament that I wasn't going to allow them to take me out, or throw me a party. I continued ignoring them, I was having a party—a pity party. At eight o'clock the phone rang, and I once again ignored it. Until I hear the answering machine click on and a frantic Edward shouting over the noise behind him. "B? It's Edward, listen I know it's your birthday and you probably have plans. I'm really stuck though. Jake's got the flu, one of my servers called in sick and I've got a crowd here I can't handle on my own, could you please, please come and help me out for a few hours? I'll owe you—big time." Edward and Jake were brothers I knew that owned a bar. It was no secret that both had crushes on me, and a huge secret that I had a crush on just one of them—Edward. Every time I was at the bar, either by myself or a group, the two of them would have competitions to see which one would earn the right to give me free drinks. Edward, being bigger and stronger than Jake, normally won. I had a feeling the times Jake did win, Edward was just throwing him a bone. As much as I liked him, I could never see myself with Edward, he was way out of my league. He owned his own business and was gorgeous; I was a struggling student, waiting tables and as plain as they come. I weighed my options for only a few seconds. Who was I kidding? This was Edward we're talking about. Of course I was going to help him. I sighed and grabbed a pair of jeans and a nice t-shirt. Edward would probably give me a bar shirt when I got there anyway so it wouldn't matter what I wore. As I got dressed, I called him back letting him know I would be there as soon as I could. He thanked me and made my day when he said. "Thanks, B. You know you're my favourite girl right?" "There's just one thing, Edward." I said to him. "Anything, B," he replied "you know that." "No more mentions of today being my birthday. I don't want to curse myself any further and if I convince myself it's not my birthday then maybe, just maybe I'll live to see the end of it." He sounded confused but said 'okay'. I hung up and called a cab. xOx I've always hated my birthday. Nothing good ever happens on that day. When I was six my dog got hit by a car and died, Mike Newton—who my mom made me invite—left the gate to the backyard open and Skippy ran right out getting run over by Lauren Mallory's mother. The kids all screamed and cried, not being able to look away from the splattered remains of my once beloved pet. Not me, I walked right up to Newton and punched him in the face. I broke his nose; it was never the same after that. The grounding I received was worth it. When I was ten I woke up on the morning of my birthday to my parent's screaming at each other and my mother throwing stuff in a suitcase. When she saw me standing wide-eyed at the bottom of the stairs she ordered me to pack my bags, I refused telling her she was the worst mother ever and I wanted to stay with my dad. She didn't even wish me happy birthday when she left, slamming the door behind her. My dad drank himself into a stupor and I was ignored the rest of the day. The year I turned sixteen I was standing in the parking lot at school when Tyler Crowley lost control of his mother's van, it careened around the corner, spinning wildly, smashing into me. I spent the rest of the year doing my school work from my hospital bed until I was well enough to go home. The resultant damage included a six-inch scar to my left leg, a steel rod, and migraine headaches I get to this day. It also resulted in him stalking my house to apologize every day until I threatened to have my dad arrest him if he wouldn't leave me alone. Last year on my birthday, my twenty-first, Alice convinced me that going out would be the best thing ever. She was wrong. We were mugged in an alley behind the bar while walking. It should come as no surprise that this year; I wanted nothing more than to hide in my bed, beneath the covers, shutting out the world. But Edward needed my help, and I would do anything for Edward. The cab pulled up outside the bar and after paying the driver I gave myself a pep talk and walked to the door. xOx Opening the door I noticed the sheer chaos, and felt bad for Edward all over again. It was a mad house. The line for the bar was three people deep, people were shouting and pushing. I noticed a large group of people gather around two tables pushed together, both tables sporting balloons, and girls with 'I'm the birthday girl' on them. I rolled my eyes; at least some people could have fun on their birthday. I shoved my way through the crowd and walked over to the side of the bar, ducking under and worked my way over to Edward. His face lit up in relief as he saw me. Walking away from his customer, who protested loudly, he wrapped me in a hug, kissed my forehead and whispered 'thanks for coming'. He tossed me a bar shirt to put over my own and turned me loose. He knew I bar tended sometimes at my other job, so I knew what I was doing. A half hour later the crowd had thinned a little by the bar and we were taking a much needed break. "So, what's up with the crowd tonight?" I asked him. He rolled his eyes, "You say that like we aren't always busy." "You are," I said. "But this is more than usual." He huffed a laugh. "You can thank Kate and Tanya for that one." "Who are Kate and Tanya?" I asked, hoping he wouldn't hear the note of jealousy in my voice. "Kate and Tanya are twin sisters, friends of Jake's. It's their birthday today, kind of like it's yo—" "DON'T!" I yelled, cutting him off. He looked startled. "Please don't talk about that, Edward, seriously. Bad things may happen." He looked dubious but continued. "Anyway, so it's their birthday today, and it's no secret that the two of them compete for everything. Jobs, guys, their parent's affection." He rolled his eyes again. "They've decided to out do one another in the party department this year, but they are both having their party here so their friends don't have to choose between them." He pointed out two very different, but very stunning blond women. "That's Tanya." He shuddered slightly. "Be careful, that one has claws. That one over there is Kate." I jealously wondered if he'd ever hooked up with either of them. He was 27 and I could hardly expect him to be a virgin, hell I wasn't either, but the thought of him with either of those two women made me want to rip the hair from their heads. "Hey, B," he said suddenly. "Thanks for coming down here so quick. I don't know what I would have done without you." The intense way he was looking at me made my stomach clench before the fluttery feeling started. I wanted to kiss him; I wanted to throw him up against the wall and kiss him stupid. I shook myself out of my fantasy and gave him a small smile. "I'd do anything for you, Edward. Anything." xOx I spend some time watching both women and the way they interact with their guests, and more importantly, each other. I could see what Edward meant about Tanya having claws. She would trip her sister as she was walking past and then giggle out an 'oops' when Kate would glare at her. She was passive aggressive with all the women there, it seemed. I wouldn't want to get on her bad side. I noticed that though Kate spent most of her time with one guy, there was another guy in the group that followed her around much of the time. He reminded me of a stray puppy, looking for a handout. It was obvious to me that he liked her—a lot. She barely paid him any attention, unless he was talking to Tanya, then she was suddenly at his side, grabbing his arm and pulling him away. Tanya had her own boyfriend at the party it seemed. Or at least one she was claiming for the night. I noticed that she would look at one woman in particular as she would run her fingers playfully through his hair. The other woman looked miserable and I wondered if Tanya was only with this man to make the other girl sad, which pissed me off. What a bitch! Edward was a big help, pointing out people with them, telling me what he knew from Jake about them. The lost puppy guy was Garrett, he'd apparently been crushing on Kate since high school and Tanya was only allowing Laurent near her because Irina was coming to the party and Tanya couldn't stand her. When I questioned why Jake would even hang around with such a miserable bitch Edward just shrugged and said he didn't know why Jake did half the things he did. Kate's boyfriend was Alec, though Edward isn't sure why they were even together. He said Alec was an asshole and treated women horribly, it was pretty clear that he thought she should be with Garrett too. It didn't take long until my curse came into effect. I kept dropping glasses, spilled a drink on one of the customers and sliced my finger trying to cut a lemon. Each time I would have an accident; Edward would laugh it off and tell me I'd always been a little clumsy. Not wanting to humiliate myself further I decided to not tell him about my birthday curse. I knew these were no accidents though. My birthday was always meant to be shitty. I'd be surprised if I didn't end up in the hospital before midnight. Just when I was starting to have a streak of good luck, I noticed Tanya walk up to the bar. I moved over in front of her to help and she looked me up and down pointedly. I kind of wanted to disappear under the counter. I glanced towards Edward thinking maybe he could bail me out, but he was busy serving a bunch of other people at the end of the bar. "What can I get for you?" I asked her. "Edward," she replied. I looked down to the other end of the bar again. "He's kind of busy. Did you want a drink?" "I want Eddie to give me another screaming orgasm." She smirked at me. My mouth dropped open in shock, or horror, I couldn't figure out which and I could feel my face heating up. Tanya looked at me smugly and I wanted to be sick. He'd been with her before, I knew it must have been true, but to learn it for a fact felt like being punched in the gut. Just then, Edward walked