Percy Jackson Ship Weeks Slash Week continues to be awesome with another story, yay! Keep giving me ideas for what I'll write on Friday because I have no idea right now. Anyways, this is a new ship that Maddi (that bugger) made me ship. Seriously, 24 hours after she suggested the pairing to me I was on Pinterest planning the wedding. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below. Dedication: Maddi, who makes me ship these things mercilessly. Beautiful Things You make beautiful things You make beautiful things out of the dust You make beautiful things You make beautiful things out of us -Gungor, Beautiful Things The door of the forge slid open and Lacy felt like squeaking. She'd been hoping that Beckendorf would answer, or maybe Jake. Someone friendly or approachable as far as children of Hephaestus went. Someone not scary. Instead she got Nyssa Taylor. Lacy would have run for the hills right away but she kept her hands firmly bunched up around the chain. She was not going another day without this necklace fixed. "Can I help you?" Nyssa asked. She was wearing a tank top made from a cut-up camp shirt, exposing more dark skin and more muscled arms than when Lacy saw her at meals or campfires. Her dark hair was put up in a careless bun. Her nose, lips and cheekbones looked like they had been sculpted out of clay- symmetrical, hard, solid. A dog tag dangled from her neck. "I need someone to fix something," Lacy said nervously. "Is there someone who's particularly used to fixing jewelry?" "That'd be me," Nyssa said. Lacy nearly laughed, but Nyssa's dark glare made her stop. "Really?" She asked, her voice quiet. "Yes, really. What, do you need to get something fixed?" Nyssa asked. She considered running away. "I'll fix it, no problem," Nyssa said. "But you've got to stop pissing me off." Lacy gulped and held out the necklace. "The chain broke," she said. Nyssa took it and examined it. "Is that an opal?" She asked. Lacy nodded. "It's nice. 14 grams?" It didn't sound like much of a question, but Lacy came out with: "I don't know..." Nyssa wasn't paying attention. "And the chain is… gold plated? How old is it? It feels Victorian." "You can feel it?" "The metal," Nyssa said as if that should explain everything. "You've got a few loose diamonds. See that one that's framing the opal with all the others? Could come out any time." Lacy rubbed her eyes. "I never even wear it and it just breaks anyways…" "I can fix it," Nyssa said. "If it's so fragile then maybe it's not worth the…" Nyssa shot Lacy a murderous look. "I have never broken anything while trying to fix it. You can come watch if you like but…" "No, no, that's not what I meant- I trust you…" Lacy said. Nyssa's eyes didn't let it up. "Sure," Lacy said shyly. She followed Nyssa into the forge, past guys and girls wearing aprons as they cast swords and earplugs as they swung hammers. The scent of an underground parking lot hit Lacy like a train, but the fumes were pretty odourful as well. Nyssa turned around and sneered at Lacy who was busy covering her nose. She blushed and dropped her hand. Lacy hadn't realised that the forge was such an intricate setup. The fires and the anvils were near the entrance- it was probably where most of the children of Hephaestus spent their time- along with workbenches and bins of power tools. After the anvils there were more and more work benches. Catwalks criss-crossed the ceiling, industrial lighting hung from the ceiling. This place had to be bigger on the inside... There were corkboards holding tools on the wall, bins and nail drawers everywhere. The whole thing looked like a disorganised mess to Lacy, but the children of Hephaestus were going around and picking up tools like they knew exactly where everything was. A girl with a long braid was hanging from one of the catwalks that criss-crossed above the floor space and tweaking some kind of flying machine that was also dangling. Jake Mason's legs were sticking out from underneath a car that someone else was welding a canon to. Another guy was straddling a Pegasus automaton as he inserted the battery- which Lacy figured was the reason for the male lifespan to be so short. In the quieter part of the forge, automatons were being worked on. A girl with frizzy hair was working on a crane that could pick up and dispose of Greek fire safely, instead of having demigods light it and run for their lives. Beckendorf was working on some kind of tiny automaton that required him to wear magnifying glasses. He yelped and swore, shaking his hand. Had it bitten him? "Wear gloves," Nyssa called out. "I'm okay," Beckendorf said, sucking on his finger. A cage containing more crawling robot bugs wasn't too far from him. It was at this table that Nyssa sat down, pulling on her own pair of glasses. "You're Aphrodite, right?" Beckendorf said. "Your name's Lacy?" "Yeah," Lacy squeaked. "What's Nyssa fixing for you today?" Beckendorf asked. Lacy knew that he only cared because of Silena, but it was pretty sweet. "A family heirloom," she said. "It's Victorian," Nyssa said. "This is some really good craftsmanship… I'm starting to think we're around 1825 with this one…" She reached for a pair of pliers and Lacy's eyes must have popped, because Beckendorf interjected. "Nyssa's great with that kind of stuff," Beckendorf said. "She plays in the cars and the automatons mostly, but she comes from a family of fine jewellers." "Taylor Stones," Nyssa mumbled. "Family owned and operated- they pick them up in foreign countries, cut, design and produce themselves." "My father works with them," Lacy blurted. Nyssa looked up and shot her a look- questioning this time, so even if she weren't wearing the funky glasses it wouldn't have been much scary. "He's in fashion." "You guys have so much in common," Beckendorf said teasingly. He tried, but children of Hephaestus weren't all that chatty. Their quiet contrasted with the chaotic cabin Lacy had just come from. She folded her hands in front of her stomach and looked around at the forge, listening to the anvils and the kids laughing with each other and the planning and the power tools... Less than fifteen minutes later, Nyssa put down her tools and handed Lacy the necklace. "Good as new," she said. "It… it is," Lacy said smiling. "Thank you! I owe you one." "You don't owe me anything," Nyssa said. "This is what I do." "That doesn't mean it's not super cool," Lacy said. "I'll pass you down my marshmallows at the next camp fire, alright?" Nyssa didn't smile, but there was a certain contentment in the way she said "Sure, whatever." Lacy was basically in paradise. Nyssa's different projects were all laid out on the worktable next to boxes and bubble wrap. They were all so pretty, Lacy felt like an ogling teenage boy. She was nearly afraid to slobber on all the different pieces of jewellery- which ranged from contemporary to classic to antique-looking. There was a necklace made out different golden leaves bunched together. Chokers with incredibly detailed bronze lions posed at the throat, looking so fierce Lacy was afraid that they'd pounce. Drachmas –bent and burned and half-melted, a fate reserved for a lot of coins carried around by demigods- were strung together on a delicate chain. Contemporary arrangements of round, square and triangular stones hung as pendants. A round opal was framed by silver petals and rhinestones. Earrings that looked like dangling geometric 3D shapes. Sumptuous gold collars pierced with rubies and openings showing skin that looked heavy enough to weigh down your neck, but pretty enough to be worth it. Wire folded and bent so that it would spell out your name around your wrist was part of the mix, and so were bracelets made of tiny metal circles on leather cords. Golden bangles on which seventeen different stones had been cast like elongated traffic lights, gold and silver laurels linked together… "Don't drool on my stuff," Nyssa said hauling a box on the work table. "What are you here for again? If your necklace broke again, I'm sorry but I'm a bit busy." "Beckendorf told Silena that you needed someone to help you out and she sent me," Lacy said. Nyssa arched an eyebrow and Lacy bit her lip. "You?" She asked. Lacy flushed red. The only reason Silena had sent her was because Lacy hated her cabin. Well, not her cabin. She liked her cabin mates, most of them were sweet deep down. She hated the amount of people, the level of energy, the gossip made her nervous, she always felt so claustrophobic with all the touching and hugging and giggling… when Mitchell wasn't there, the Aphrodite cabin used to be unbearable. Though she was starting to grow out of her shyness and sleep through the nights and get her anxiety under control and laugh and smile in public, Lacy didn't like overdoing it. She needed quiet time. Silena knew, and she did her best for Lacy. This often meant that Lacy would sweep the Big House or play pinochle with Mr D when Chiron was helping half-bloods train (this was her least favourite job), do Silena's counselor chores for her if they were simple (like unpacking boxes at the camp store) or she'd help Katie and Miranda weed the strawberry fields or keep watch over their army of young children of Demeter. Any odd job around camp, really. It made Lacy feel useful too. "I can't make things, but if you need help cleaning or packing things, I'm your girl." Lacy said. She hoped that she didn't sound desperate. If Nyssa sent her back and asked for Drew, she was done for. "Okay," Nyssa said. "Alright. You actually have good taste, so that's good." "Why?" Lacy frowned. "I'm going home for Christmas break," Nyssa said. She couldn't sound more unenthusiastic. "I have to bring as many pieces as I can- to show them, you know. If my work is good enough, they let me stay at camp. If not, they'll make me come home so that I can learn the family business from them." "Okay," Lacy said. "It shouldn't be a problem. These are beautiful. I really like that choker." The choker was made of black lace flower petals, all of which featured silver buttons and supported dangling beads. It made Lacy think of a movie star she really liked, who played these sumptuous and redemptive villains. "Thanks," Nyssa said. "It's staying here though. The family wouldn't like it. They like the modern or the vintage- nothing in the middle, nothing off the beaten track. Oh, and nothing magic." "Some of this is magic?" Lacy asked looking around. Nyssa nodded. "You'll have to try them on to figure out which ones." She gave further instructions on how to pack and how to identify all the pieces with a Greek letter and name system that she'd developed, but all that Lacy could think of was gods bless you Silena, this is the best job ever. "You're really great," Nyssa said once the boxes were securely packed and clearly identified. "Thanks," Lacy said. Nyssa hadn't snapped or hit or bitten or shrieked at her. She really wasn't as mean as Lacy had thought she looked (as was often the case with Lacy and people). Actually, Lacy had liked helping her out. She was funny and snarky when she called out to her brothers and sisters, she didn't mind if Lacy hummed, and whenever Lacy asked about a particular piece Nyssa could explain from top to bottom the concept and production processes. Lacy could listen to her talk about homemade glass beads for hours. "If I need any more help for anything else,