I'm hoping to remedy my disappearance from the internet and general inactivity with weeks of Christmas vacation and a whole lot of stories. It's been killing me not to write, and this was a lot of fun! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters used in this story, or the Christmas carol lyrics used as an epigraph. My favourite rendition of "I Saw Three Ships" is the Barenaked Ladies, for the record. Spoilers for The Blood of Olympus , though I guess that's old news. I Saw Three Ships I saw three ships come sailing in On Christmas day, on Christmas day I saw three ships come sailing in On Christmas day in the morning *o*o*o* An' all the bells on earth shall ring On Christmas day, on Christmas day And all the bells on earth shall ring On Christmas day in the morning Leo's lips were cracked from the wind and the cold typical of a 6 500 foot altitude, and the wind had ruffled his hair. Still, this had become his default mode so he hadn't bothered to fix himself up when he landed in Camp Half-Blood. The boat's anchor was safely dropped in the lake and Leo slipped the Argo II's keys in his back pocket (over the years he'd had to take a few precautionary measures to keep the vessel safe). It was ass-o'clock in the morning, as Leo had planned. He didn't want to arrive out of the blue at camp and disrupt its activities. He acknowledged that seeing him alive would be what they called a "shocker" back home. He'd wanted to talk to Chiron before breakfast and then see his friends again before going for his siblings. Calypso had told Leo to go back to Camp alone. She'd said that she wanted to run around the world on her own for a bit, and that Leo had better tell someone he was still alive quickly. She'd meet him up at camp in two weeks, and Leo had vigorously trained her in the art of phone calls, Skype, text messages and Iris Messaging beforehand just in case she got in trouble. Secretly, he was glad. He had a feeling that Hazel might kill him on sight and if so, he rather keep the next logical target to Hazel's wrath out of her way. Even with death as a possible (probable) outcome, he couldn't wait to see Hazel. And Frank. And Jason and Piper and Annabeth and Percy and Jake and Nyssa and, and, and. Camp was gorgeous. Powdery white snow covered the ground and sparkling, magically fabricated icicles hung from every rooftop, and even the tusks of Cabin Five's stuffed boar head. A satyr was standing by the forges, his tongue stuck to the metallic walls. Thalia's tree was frosted like a cake and the lava on the rock climbing wall had frozen in mesmerising spirals. Truly beautiful. Just like Leo remembered camp. His stomach crawled up and sat up on its hind legs like a dog anticipating a treat. He knocked on the Big House's front door politely- which was of course when everything went wrong. He'd always known that manners were never a good idea. For starters, Chiron didn't answer. Jason did. Or… at least… Leo didn't know who it was but his first instinct was Jason. But it wasn't Jason, it was a grown-up dude. Even taller than Jason had been. Blond like Jason, with eyes like Jason- except with tiny folds in the skin by the corners, and with a different frame on his glasses. But the worn jeans and the tattoo poking out from the rolled up sleeve of a grey thermal shirt? That rang a bell. Leo's face seemed to be familiar too because fake-Jason paled. "Leo…" he said. He stepped out onto the porch. "Saturn's shit… how are you?" "Jason?" Leo asked. "Yeah," he said looking at Leo as if he wasn't sure if this was a miracle or a sick joke. "How are you here?" "Long story," Leo said. "Physician's cure, Festus, lots of long stories. And you… how long have I been gone?" "Close the door before Mr D goes off again about how we're heating the outdoors ," someone just behind Jason said. That's when he saw Piper stalking down the hallway and peaking over Jason's shoulder. He recognised her hair and her features, but she seemed older too. More grown up, taller maybe, and definitely more polished. Even her hair had grown out, and it was slick and nice and even instead of chopped, without any feathers or beads hanging. "What's up buttercup?" Leo grinned. He didn't care that his friends looked dusted with grey and wrinkled like prunes. This was great! He'd missed them more than he'd anticipated, and more than he realised now that they were back together. The three musketeers and all that jazz. But now everything could go back to normal: Gaia was seven feet under and Leo had taken care of business and had kept true to his promise. They could be Leo, Piper and Jason again. "Leo," she breathed out. "In the flesh," Leo said proudly extending his arms. Jason stepped aside and Piper stepped forwards gingerly. She examined Leo for a full five seconds. Before sucker punching him. "Where the hell have you been?" Piper demanded. " Owe!" Leo choked out. She'd learned how to make a proper fist. "Seriously," Piper said. "Where the hell? Come on, give me an answer. Make it a good one, because I will hit you again." "Pipes," Jason said trying to take her arm. "Stay out of this," Piper said. Leo got up, rubbing his jaw. "Nice to see you again too." "Nice to see us again?" Piper said. "I'm sure it is! Mostly because you weren't 100% certain that we were dead." "Piper, you don't know the full story…" Jason said quietly. "Let's take a second and…" "Oh I do," Piper said. "Your shirt's ironed. You hate ironing; you were with someone. And judging by the lipstick stain on your face, it was with a girl. You went back to Ogyjia didn't you? We couldn't even find your body or your stupid dragon to give you a decent funeral and all along you were frolicking around with Calypso- who, by the way, we all know about no thanks to you !" Leo didn't hear anything but they both looked over their shoulders, back inside, as if someone had called them. "I'll go," Jason said. "Please don't hurt him." Jason quickly went back inside, shooting Leo strange glances, while Piper just fumed. "Will an apology make it-" "No." "What if I…" "No," Piper said gunning him down with her eyes. She was wearing a soft grey sweater, old jeans and bright orange Toms, a relaxed and careless look. Just like Leo remembered. But this anger? This wasn't usual. He'd pissed her off a ton of times, especially when he'd called her Lois Lane for the entire week after she and Jason's first date, but she'd never… it wasn't anger, when you pissed off a friend. It wasn't the same. "Okay," Piper finally said. "Maybe you could try an explanation." Leo gave her a quick run-down of what had actually gone down during the fight with Gaia- both from what he remembered and from Festus' blackbox and emergency camera. "I'm sorry," Leo said. "Piper, I went to Ogyjia and came right back." "And you can't send Iris Messages from Ogyjia?" Piper asked. "Hermes never stops by? It's impossible to use the emergency phone incorporated into Festus? Oh- how about this- it was impossible to tell us that you weren't actually going to kill yourself in the battle. Frank was insomniac for three years after that battle Leo- three years. Hazel still hasn't forgiven herself and we don't say your name around her. Percy and Annabeth's PTSD was a thousand times worse than it was after Tartarus and they still haven't shaken it off. It was already like living, breathing hell after that and I…" Her voice caught. "That was a douche move," Piper summed up in her quietest voice yet. Leo had chills- and no, it wasn't because there had been no snow in Ogyjia. "Wait- Frank didn't sleep for three years?" "He still has bouts of insomnia but it's not chronic anymore," Piper muttered. "Three years…." Leo said. "Wait a second, how long have I been gone?" "Let me show you," Piper said, turning around and darting into the Big House. It was pretty much like Leo had remembered it, with maybe a few board games more in the rec room. A fresh coat of pistachio green paint had been thrown over the walls, which looked disgusting, and a stuffed bear head was now hanging next to Seymour the leopard. Both had been outfited with Santa hats, probably thanks to some brave child of Hermes. Piper led Leo past the infirmary and in a room that screamed out hospital and chilled Leo's blood. There was a bed with cold, metal bars at its sides in the center of the room, surrounded by no shortage of medical equipment. There were pictures and colouring book pages hanging around the room, as well as colourful block letters spelling out JESSICA over the headboard- not that it brightened anything up. How could it? There was a big machine by the bed that Leo thought looked like the dialysis machines that his abuela had had to use once her kidneys started failing. There were IV's and different heart monitors and wires littering the bed, including two that shot from an oxygen tank and snaked up to a little girl's nose. Her straw blond hair was spread around her head and she was sleeping soundly. Jason sat next to her, stroking her hair softly. "Who… what..?" Leo swallowed hard. "Our daughter," Piper said painfully. "How-" "She's four," Jason said sharply. "What's…" "Wrong with her?" Piper finished. Leo swallowed. Was that a wrong thing to say? "When demigods have kids…" Jason said. "Like- like Percy or Annabeth who had Eden and Ezra." "They have kids too?" Leo asked. "Leo," Piper said quietly. "We turned 30 this year." Leo felt his entire body freeze. Oh shit. He knew that time progressed differently in magical places, but this much? He was starting to realise that he'd fucked up. Badly. "So this kid…" Leo asked. "She's yours..." The idea of Jason and Piper being old was weird enough. The idea that they'd had to plan a wedding (how had he missed the rings?), joust over baby names and that they probably had stable jobs and, gods, maybe even a mortgage now- those were all terrifying notions to Leo. And, maybe, it was also scary that Leo had missed all of that. That he wasn't worrying about a cubicle and learning how to change a diaper and shit, did he even want kids? Leo didn't know. Leo was a step behind his best friends- who were here with their kid . He was still trying to wrap his head around that when Piper came up with a next level of fuckery: "It's why she's sick," Piper said. "Like I was saying," Jason said. "When a god and a mortal mix, the child's half god right? So when a demigod has a baby, half of that half goes to the child." "A quarter," Leo said. "A child of a demigod is a quarter god." "Right," Jason said. "And usually that's thin, so even if both parents are demigods, the kid ends up okay." "But Jessica's half Greek demigod and half Roman," Piper said. "That threw off the entire equation, not that we could know- the camps were seperated for so long, there was never any way for this... Chiron didn't know, Lupa had no idea. The repercussions…" "Are bad," Jason finished for her. "The roman ichor is trying to overpower the Greek ichor and vice-versa. It started small, you know. We realised she