Happy holidays everyone! I wrote you some fluff because 'tis the season. I hope you're all having happy, safe holidays. Eat some turkey for me. Love you all. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below. Also I'm having technical difficulties with my kidneys right now (nothing serious, just routine stones) and so you'll have to excuse the crappy editing. My True Love Gave to Me If the choice had been given to him, Percy wouldn't have fallen for a daughter of Athena. It wasn't because of how his girlfriend's mom hated his guts, or how scary Annabeth could get, or how he'd never ever dream of being smarter than her because honestly those things all contributed to making Annabeth the girl he loved. The problem was her faith and investment in the public education system (a system in which Percy himself had lost hope a long time ago). Percy accidentally let it slip that his semester was difficult just one time, and suddenly she was all over his academic success and stuff. Sure, he had English and math and biology in one semester, with American history and psychology on the side. And yeah, okay, this semester was wearing Percy out and he couldn't wait for it to be over even before the pre-Christmas break crunch made the teachers barf out projects and labs and tests and essays to complete. But that didn't mean that he wanted his girlfriend to vanish from his social life for the twelve days leading up to Christmas break. He'd find other ways to procrastinate anyways… But as soon as the idea had popped into Annabeth that maybe they should take a break from Thursday-night-date-night and two hour Iris Message conversations so that Percy could navigate the flood of schoolwork crashing down on him, she refused to let go. "You've focused and worked hard all semester," she'd argued. "I don't want you to get overwhelmed and panicky and end up doing nothing." "So maybe the solution is to actually supervise me more," Percy said. "We could have a study date again. That was fun." "It was fun, but we both know it wasn't because of the studying." "Yeah we do," Percy said. "But we still want to do that again, right?" "After December 13th, when school's out for the holidays," Annabeth said. She'd kissed him on the nose. "And then we have all winter break at camp." Percy had argued that they could have all winter break and the twelve days leading up to Christmas break, but he knew deep down that Annabeth was decided. As much as she bitched about the education system in the United States, she deeply cared about Percy graduating from high school with more than pity passing grades. He had to accept and love that about her. Gods, it made him miss her more too. He was going to have to find a compromise. On the first day of Christmas My true love gave to me: A partridge in a pear tree Annabeth had booked a computer in the lab for the evening to use an advanced design program to work out a kink in Hera's palace on Olympus. She had to fix it before the goddess noticed and got pissed, which was complicated given in the barricades that the Olympians had put up for gods know what reason. It wasn't easy to get some time at the computers on December 5th. Everyone was freaking out about projects and portfolios for college applications- but she figured that her matter was more life-and-death since it concerned a bitter goddess. Annabeth stood her ground against a rude twelfth grader to earn her evening at the lab and skipped dinner to make sure no hysterical senior took her computer. Her stomach was growling by the time she got to her dorm room but hey, at least she'd figured out how to not earn herself a new entourage of cow turds. She hoped that there were ramen noodles left in the stash but she knew deep down that Roslyn and Kim had probably scarfed them down for dinner as they studied. It pained her. She was going through her bag looking for change and daydreaming of Kit-Kats and vending machine Twinkies for dinner when she was tracked down by her head of dorm, Lisa, and her mail cart. "You have mail, Annabeth," she said in her fluty Italian voice. Lisa was rumoured to bake traditional Italian deserts during the holidays so hearing her made her stomach growl. "Oh, thanks," Annabeth said. "It's probably from my dad." Then she frowned. No, he said he'd mail Annabeth's Christmas present to camp for her… Malcolm had even called to confirm that the package was waiting on her bunk for her. Lisa handed her a small package. Like a little girl on Christmas morning Annabeth shook the box next to her ear. It sounded like marbles were rolling around the box. She looked at the return address and frowned when she recognised Percy's address. Except the sender's name had been replaced with "Your True Love who Gave to You". Skeptically she opened the present in her room and saw a Christmas tree cut out in green cardboard on which dozens of candies had been tacked. They were small, green and individually wrapped hard candies from their favorite Asian fusion place (which was cheap, good, quick, friendly and monster-free). Percy and Annabeth were what you may call "frequent flyers" there and they got a handful of these candies when they settled their tab. Percy hated them thanks to a dislike of hard candies in general and a particular aversion to pears as a fruit, so Annabeth had a whole bunch of them. They were like bedding at the bottom of her bag. Only when she spotted the tiny chicken-bird drawn on the tree did she get it. A partridge in a pear tree. It gave her a good enough laugh for her roommates to start asking questions. Two turtledoves Percy must be a blast at Christmas exchanges. His gag gifts were the best. Today he'd drawn an enormous white bird on a poster and tapped two boxes of Dove soap where the wings should be before rolling the whole thing up and mailing it to her. "Two turtledoves," Annabeth hummed to herself as she did her homework. She popped a pear candy in her mouth. "And a partridge in a pear tree…" "Someone's feeling especially festive," Roslyn said as she modeled a new dress in front of the particularly slim mirror behind their door. "Tis the season," Annabeth said. "It's never anything good when French homework's involved," she said nudging her chin towards the homework Annabeth was losing her mind over. Dyslexia made English and physics hard enough, but when Annabeth knew things the guesswork and estimation and puzzling out of words came easier. French? What a pain in the podex . Forget it. And Annabeth had made no effort whatsoever to hide her distaste for les participes passés. Annabeth shrugged Roslyn off and kept on humming. "On the third day of Christmas, my true love gave to me…" Three French hens Annabeth frowned at first when she saw the content of today's package, which Roslyn had gathered from Lisa and left on her pillow for her. Three empty coffee cups from the coffee joint Annabeth was notoriously addicted to had been wrapped up in grey silk paper and carefully stashed on the box. At first she didn't quite get it, but a smile broke out on her face when she saw what had been written by the barista on the lid of each cup. FV . Short for French vanilla, which Annabeth was even more addicted to. She grinned despite herself. What a Seaweed Brain. Four calling birds Annabeth smiled at the bookmark slipped into an envelope in which the only other point of interest was a letter proclaiming that ON THE FOURTH DAY OF CHRISTMAS MY TRUE LOVE GAVE TO ME FOUR CALLING BIRDS in Percy's blocky handwriting. The bookmark was a reference, she knew, to a time when Sally and Annabeth had ganged up on him when he'd made fun of his mom's tendency to use random objects, old receipts, spoons, tissues and even her passport once as bookmarks. It was a small icon of a bird that you clipped onto the top of a page. A long orange ribbon trailed down the page and peeked out from the other side of the book. Annabeth switched an old chemistry quiz for her new bookmark in her copy of Lord of the Flies. Five golden rings So Percy had never really given Annabeth jewellery because she'd never really worn any. Except for the camp necklace around her neck, because it was sacred, and the owl earrings her dad had given her because every now and then she needed a reminder that her mortal and godly worlds could interact harmoniously. But when she got the fifth present in Lisa's mail delivery, she realised what size the box was quickly enough. Roslyn and Kim were behind her in seconds squealing. "You guys know what this is," Annabeth said as she ripped apart the Kraft paper wrapping the package. "Duh," they said. Kim explained furthermore: "We have some of the presents with us, he's done a real good job of organising this- holy crap that is beautiful." Annabeth was kind of shocked too. The ring was beautiful in its square box. A bunch of other girls came to check it out too. Someone eventually snapped her out of her shock, and Annabeth remembered to put the ring on. It looked like a thin golden branch snaking around Annabeth's finger, with the outline of little leaves poking through. It was simple and cute, but Annabeth smiled. "The leaves look super thin," one girl criticised. "They're like olive tree leaves," Annabeth said not too patiently. "This is beautiful." Six geese a-laying It was a good thing that Annabeth was already going to ace her algebra test: her revision was littered with tiny wind-up toys shaped like birds. Whenever one of the six white birds would slow down or pause, Annabeth would crank it up again and watch it march around her equations and highlighter scratches and post-its. "You are a child deep inside that genius," Kim said. "I knew it." Ironically enough, she'd told Percy to bugger off and spawned this collection of gifts to make him study and focus. It was like his ultimate, albeit unusually passive-aggressive, no. Seven swans a-swimming Annabeth was seriously impressed. The present had been delivered to the school's head office for her, and Annabeth smiled. It must have taken Percy ages to make. He'd taken the time to write down entire myths in Ancient Greek with an even, stable penmanship and an average of only two spelling mistakes by page. Or at least how he remembered ancient Greek myths and thought they went… He'd even drawn little pictures in the corners of the paper or big images in the middle (Annabeth heavily suspected Rachel's involvement and grinned). Then he'd splashed the pages with soya sauce to make them look yellowed with age, and bound all of them together with golden ribbon. She felt like a little girl reading Harry Potter past curfew again, and she loved it. Annabeth stayed up all night with a flashlight under her blankets giggling and swearing to herself that Percy would never know how funny his book was for fear of encouraging his taste for bad puns. Okay. The chapter about Zeus seducing Leda in the shape of the swan and uncomfortable places where feathers could end up was pretty good. She'd give him that. Eight maids a-milking She laughed as she emptied out today's envelope from 'her true love' onto her lap in the common room. Milk Duds, a bag of Milk Chocolate chocolate chips and Milky Way candy bars all landed on her uniform skirt. Okay, that was cute.