Hello friends! So I don't write Thalia and Luke stories outside of the ship weeks, but I am happy with this piece. It's set in a pre-Annabeth era, when they can't be older than 13 because Annabeth's presence adds a cool and cute nuance to their relationship that I didn't want to deal with in this piece because then Luke may explode in this story. I have a feeling that it's a bit long, but I hope that you enjoy it anyways! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed in this story and I am not a doctor. The Darkest Night One scream of pain and then scary calm. That's how Thalia had reacted after getting hurt. Once Luke had dispatched the stupid hellhound and made her drink and wear his hoody, she'd felt better and they'd kept moving- traveling towards Philadelphia and away from Atlantic City because all Hades had broken loose there (literally, Thalia's uncle was on a quest to annihilate her). There had been no reaction to Thalia getting sick, though. Luke had just woken up and realised that he'd slept longer than he should have- Thalia should have woken him up for his guard shift by now. "Thalia?" he said wandering out of the playground's tunnel where he'd decided to sleep. She'd been perched on this little plastic roof last time he'd seen her. And now… "Thalia!" Luke screamed. She was passed out, under the little plastic roof "Thalia," he said shaking her shoulder. "Thalia." She didn't wake up, she only moaned. "Thalia, hey," Luke said touching her cheek and moving his fingers down to her neck, trying to get a pulse. Thalia moaned again. "Come back to me Thalia, what's wrong?" "I…" she couldn't finish her sentence. "Does your head hurt?" He asked. If she'd hurt her neck or something- if she'd fallen… "Leg," Thalia said. Her eyes were still closed. "Leg?" Luke asked. He touched her leg and she moved it back, whimpering like a little girl. Thalia had never whimpered before. Ever. When he looked at his fingers they were… wet? "Oh God," Luke said whipping his fingers against his jacket and pulling Thalia's backpack towards him. He rummaged until he found her flashlight and clicked it on. He pulled the leg of her pants up and the beam of light showed a deep, ugly and raw wound. "Oh God, oh God, oh God…" Luke said tugging at his hair. "Thalia, you didn't tell me that you got that hurt the other day!" No reaction came out of her. Luke rummaged some more, this time for a bottle of water, and he poured half of it on her face. That brought her around. "What happened?" Thalia asked. "I… got off the roof and…" Thank the gods she'd gotten herself down. "You passed out," Luke said. "You have some kind of… of leg thing and… Thalia, I think it's infected." "No, I'm okay," Thalia said sitting up. Luke pushed her back down. He would weigh her down with bricks if he had to. He kept examining the wound. It was just a regular old hellhound claw mark; they'd both gotten them before. But it'd never looked like… well, like this. The wound was a dark, ugly red and the skin around it was swollen. The skin looked raw and overall it was pretty gross. Blood and something that might be pus leaked from it. Luke wasn't sure. He'd run away from home the day before his boy scouts were going to have their first aid workshop. That seemed pretty stupid, in retrospect. Surely another 24 hours wouldn't have killed him. "No, it's infected," Luke said. "Jesus Thalia, why did you leave it open?" "It was just a scratch," Thalia said. "At first…" It was. Luke knew what she meant. They both got so hurt and bruised up all the time that sometimes they didn't even tell each other. Tree branches would cut up at their ankles, they would whack their heads against branches and the low doorframes of unfamiliar buildings, they got paper cuts off of road maps, slept on the wrong side or on the wrong tree branch, Thalia would give Luke electric shocks whenever she got excited or scared, and there was the occasional embarrassing moment during which you'd try a fancy trick with your sword and slit your hand. "We have to get out of here," Luke said. "Somewhere safe… You're hurt." "I'm okay," Thalia said. "Just need to…" Her eyes rolled to the back of her head. "Thalia!" Luke said. He touched her forehead. Her skin was hot and sticky, which made his heart beat like even more crazy, but the panic was making the gears in his brain go. They'd been planning on going to their Philadelphia safe house tomorrow after gathering supplies, and spending some time pigging out on stolen pizza and playing cards there- their idea of a day off. It was hidden in a suburban forest. Thalia had even manipulated the mist to make sure that it would stay hidden and safe until they got back to it. He had to get her there right now. There was some stuff there- a first aid kit, nectar, ambrosia, drinking water, blankets… He pulled Thalia's pants leg down and hauled their two backpacks over his shoulders, before dragging her to the playground's slide. They slid down, and then Luke threw her arm over his shoulder, wrapping his around her waist. "I can walk," she said faintly. "Yeah, not happening," Luke said. They were about an hour away from the forest, and then Luke would have to find the safe house. According to his watch it was 10:24. The chances that they made it no problem were very, very slim. Luke bit his lip. He had bus tickets on him, from having swiped them from a guy's back pocket earlier (if you were stupid enough to keep something in your back pocket, it was fair game to the pickpockets). But he didn't know the routes or the schedule, and how did you explain lugging your passed out friend around in the middle of the night? You didn't. He started walking anyways. Did he have cash on him? Not enough to hail a cab. Besides, that would ring alarm bells too… Luke hotwired a car, lay Thalia down in the backseat of the car, and drove off before anyone could notice. He wasn't actually sure where he was and how he was going to get to the safe house, but Luke had learned that when you were hotwiring a car, it was more important to get out than to get somewhere in particular. 10:37 PM He struggled to carry Thalia through the dark forest without a) Dropping her in a ditch of some sort b) Tripping over a dead tree or some roots or a body or something c) Getting stuck in low plants and branches littering the floor d) Not looking around like a paranoiac, fearing monsters at every turn or shrub. Thalia held the flashlight, although sometimes the beam faltered, and gave him directions until Luke realised that they were going around in circles. She was confused. Her bright eyes, usually so piercing and clear, were hazy. He started looking for his own landmarks. 10:45 PM His movements were awkward, but it was weird to move with Thalia still hanging on his back. Luke spread a blanket as best as he could before laying Thalia down. He tied his flashlight to the ceiling, but his movements were so quick and rash and hurried that he just screwed himself over and got frustrated. "Luke, relax," Thalia croaked. "I'm perfectly calm," he said. He pulled Thalia's pant leg up to expose her injury again and just starred at it. He realised that he was touching his hair a lot, which he always did when he was panicking. He calmed himself down. He and Thalia tended to rub off on each other when emotions ran high, and Luke couldn't let that happen right now. She couldn't sense his worry. "Lia?" "Yeah?" She mumbled. "I'm going to clean out your wound," Luke said. He realised that he was talking himself into it. Luke hated blood. "Okay," Thalia said. Usually she argued with him much more than that. That was maybe more alarming than the gaping wound-hole in her leg. Luke took a quick inventory of the supplies he had. It added up to: a basic first aid kit, some bottled water (that should theoretically be clean), some spare clothes, some blankets and a stash of nectar and ambrosia. Best to start with the mortal stuff. See how it went. He pushed the blanket away from under Thalia's foot and took her shoe and sock off. Her toes dug into the pine bedding. Luke felt awkward, kneeling in the dirt and holding a ripped piece of an old towel in one hand, and a water bottle in another. "I don't know if this is going to sting?" He warned her. "One way to find out," Thalia mumbled. She hadn't moved since Luke had put her down. He poured about a quarter of the water on her wound and Thalia's toes immediately curled. "Sorry," Luke said. "Sorry, sorry, sorry…" "It didn't hurt," Thalia said. She was slurring. Luke did it again and rubbed at the injury. Thalia was biting her hand and Luke extended his hand to her. She grabbed it without question. So now Luke was doing all of this with his left hand only. Not ideal, but he was making it work. "I'm going to cover it, okay?" Luke said. "It's cold," Thalia said. "Huh?" "Cold here," Thalia said. "I can build a fire or something," Luke said. "Let me just cover it first. Here, have some ambrosia too." Thalia held out a shaking hand, so Luke pushed the square to her lips. "Tastes good?" Luke asked. "Yeah," Thalia said. "Like the biggest burger you've ever had." Luke smiled. Thalia had once heard that ambrosia was supposed to taste the same to one person all the time, but theirs changed all the time. Luke guessed that it depended on when the last time they'd had a proper meal was. "You get some sleep, Lia." Thalia nodded and closed her eyes. Her grip on Luke's hand only relented a few minutes later. 11:20 PM "Thalia… Thalia!" Luke said. She was moaning in her sleep, as if she was having a bad dream, and sweating buckets and shivering. Luke was starting to panic, and taking inventory wasn't helping anymore. He had water, sure. He had ambrosia, fine. But what else? He didn't have any antibiotics or cream or anything else that could get rid of a problem that was already there. She didn't open her eyes much, and that scared Luke. Thalia Grace slept like a rabbit. One sound and she was wide awake and fully operational. To see her out like a light this way… He needed to fix it. But he didn't have the tools… "Okay Thalia," Luke said. "I'm going to go see if I can find anything that can help you. You have to stay right here, no matter what. The mist will protect you." "Old magic," she slurred. "Well, it's held up this long, it'll hold up some more," Luke said reaching into her backpack and taking her flashlight. He emptied it in a corner of the shelter, and swung it over his shoulder before kneeling next to her. "I'll leave you the light, okay?" Luke said. "And you've got Aegis right at your wrist. You'll be fine until I get back." Thalia tried to nod. Luke pushed her hair out of her forehead and kissed it. He left the shelter, determined to get back as quickly as possible. 11:15 PM Thalia didn't like it when he stole blatantly from stores and houses and stuff, but Luke didn't have a choice. They needed supplies that the safe house didn't