For those who don't know me, Hazel Levesque is in my Top Three favourite PJO Characters, and also in my Top Three reasons why I'm nervous about The Blood of Olympus. The subject of how the council will deal with Hazel since she's a soul escaped from the Underworld keeps me up at night. Will she be allowed to live? Will they send her back to Asphodel? Elysium? The Fields of Punishment for her escape stunt? Who knows. Here's one of my wackier theories, and a story I'm quite proud of. Let me know how I did and if the ending makes sense. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below. Trigger warning: suicide. So Be It Death is not the greatest of evils; it is worse to want to die, and not be able to. -Sophocles The Seven held onto each other and formed a chain in the midst of the grand throne room of the gods. Clasped hands, blood, sweat and massive anxiety was the rule. They had more in common that second than they'd had at the beginning of the year or than they would in their entire lives. The second that Hazel would be confronted and thanked for her service by the Olympian council. Service that shouldn't even have happened if Hazel hadn't been one of the thousands of clandestine souls living in the mortal world. The gods had definitely talked about it before the meeting and judging by some of the glares that Hades and other gods were giving each other, they probably still were. Hades' fists were clenched and he kept shooting the other gods dark, dark looks. "Hazel Levesque, daughter of Pluto," Zeus called. Hazel was locked between Jason and Frank. They held onto her hands for longer than they should. Hazel wasn't breathing and her chest felt as if someone had filled up the empty spaces between her bones and organs and blood with cement. Tears were just about to run out of her eyes. She squeezed Jason's hand and he let her go. She held onto Frank's for a second longer. She'd just watched the gods send thousands of ghost soldiers back to the Underworld after Gaia had fallen. She'd seen the gods rant about justice and make Frank praetor, give Percy the credits that he'd missed during his disappearance so that he could graduate with his friends, officially retire Jason from the 12th Legion so that he could go to Camp. Now she was cornered in from of them, the very gods whose authority she'd directly disobeyed. It was possible that Hazel would die again in this throne room. She didn't know what would be worst. That brutal death in the caves of Alaska- one she'd picked for the sake of sacrifice, or to be snuffed like a flame in front of her friends in this lavish and grand room. She knelt in front of Zeus. What if she never got back up? "You are an interesting demigoddess, Miss Levesque," Zeus said. Hazel was shaking. Nico wasn't even here. She wouldn't have said goodbye to Nico. "A powerful one," Zeus said. "A brave one. A daring one. An important one. A disobeying one." Hazel swallowed. "You came back to the mortal world illicitly," Zeus said. What if Nico got in trouble for this? "You wanted to live." Hazel swallowed. "You wanted to live," Zeus said. He was repeating himself, like Jason sometimes did when he was trying to figure out what his next idea was. That's when Hazel realised that the gods didn't even know what they were going to do with her yet. Send her back to Asphodel? Elysium? The Fields of Punishment? Make her one of the Lares at Camp? One of the ghosts who served Persephone? "You wanted to live, and so be it," he said. "You will live." A few of the gods looked outraged at Zeus' decision. Hades smiled- so did the rest of the Seven's parents. Aphrodite clapped and cheered before regaining the serious composure of Venus. "Justice," Nemesis said worriedly, from a corner. "Right," Zeus said. "I suppose that if you will not stay dead, in return you will have to live forever." After everything had been done for the dead and dying, Frank and Hazel could finally take a breather. The first one since they'd met Percy Jackson, come to think about it. They lay down on Camp Half-Blood's dock, Hazel tucked into the crook of Frank's arm with no intention of moving anytime soon. "Hazel?" Frank said. "Hmm?" "I don't want to burst the whole calm and quiet mood we've got going…" "Okay." "But are you immortal? " Frank asked. Hazel didn't answer at first. The idea was so strange, after living through a bloody war and spending almost 70 years in the Underworld and spending the last year of her life fighting for her life from monsters and gods and more monsters and more gods and giants … "I guess," Hazel said. "Maybe it's a... I don't know. I don't know, Frank, I don't know. All I know is that I'm not leaving you anytime soon." "That's what I'll be praying for from now on," Frank said kissing the top of her head. Hazel pulled herself up and kissed him on the lips. The dragon, out of nowhere, broke free from the ropes binding him and dove straight down to two newbies in the cohort. Hazel hadn't even realised she'd moved, but she'd thrown herself at the two kids and pushed them out of the way. Except once the dragon's fire hit her and wrapped her up like a Christmas present… she didn't feel a thing. Once the dragon had been dispatched, Frank rushed to Hazel's side and he hesitated to touch her. Not because she was burnt to a crisp or injured, but because… well, because she wasn't. Hazel wasn't hurt. They both looked at each other and Hazel swallowed hard. "So," Frank said. "That whole can't-die thing…" "Yeah," Hazel said. "That whole can't-die thing." Frank kissed her forehead. "I'm glad you had it, just there." Hazel forced a smile on her face. "Me too." Even though, for the longest time, she'd pretended that Zeus' words meant nothing and that she wasn't actually immortal… Well there was no denying it now. She was 23 years old. Her service with the Legion had officially come to an end. Hazel had every intention of leaving Camp Jupiter and even San Francisco, but she didn't know what for. Percy and Annabeth were helping her look at history programs offered at NYU –the only university in the world to offer demigod discounts. She was looking into jewellery asserting, that looked fun and a nice way to say 'go to Hades' to her old curse. Maybe she'd just do like Nico and run commissions for their dad depending on what monster had to be killed at what moment. Who knew? She only knew where she wanted to be, and that was Vancouver- where Frank would be. But the transfer wasn't easy, which was how she ended up sitting around the Big House's Ping-Pong table with Chiron and Lupa. "We don't know how this is going to play out," Chiron said, knotting his hands together. "The gods have never done this." Hazel's shoulders stiffened. She wanted Frank or Jason or Percy or Annabeth or Piper with her. "I haven't bled in the last ten years," Hazel said. "Never in battle, not even for a paper cut. I've survived dragon fire, I've never twisted an ankle. I… I'm not even sure that I've been sick." "Physical immunity," Lupa said. "It would appear," Chiron nodded. "Hazel, I don't know what your future holds but I'm sure that you can live a regular life for now." "I'm like you now, aren't I?" Hazel said. Lupa and Chiron looked at her questioningly. "I'm going to grow old and instead of dying I'll just grow older," Hazel said. "I'm going to be alive to watch everyone I love die. Then I'll meet more people to love and I'll see them die to. And it'll be a cycle with little changes here and there, but it'll always end with watching funeral pyres go up in smoke." Chiron took a deep breath. His resignation said yes, his words were hopeful. "I can't tell yet, Hazel. You'll just have to live as normally as you can and we'll see." Hazel nodded. "We'll see." Hazel checked her reflection in the metal toaster's to make sure that her hair was immaculate. Again. She'd faced a wolf and she'd been at the doors of Camp Jupiter knowing fully well that she could be turned down after a week on the run. But for some reason, this job interview was more stressful than any monster. What if she said something about technology that made her sound horrible and uneducated? What if she didn't look professional enough- an hour on the phone with Piper had reassured her that a blouse and a skirt was a perfect way to dress, but what if? Hazel swallowed and tried to reason with herself. She was going to do fine. And if she ended up not getting the job, that was fine. She'd just apply somewhere else. She had time. She was fresh out of school. She had an entire life in front of her, and her life would be long, apparently. She heard sneering in the back of her head, An eternity to be useless with. It sounded suspiciously like her mother. Hazel swallowed hard. She was going to be sick. Then Frank's arms wrapped around her waist and he kissed her cheek. "I turned the coffee pot on and I'm going to make eggs," he said. Eggs. Good. Coffee. Better. "I'll be late to my lecture if I have breakfast with you, but I'm sure you'll do great," he said. Frank. The best. Hazel let Frank lead her to the dance floor. Her heels clicked against the floor- they were dance shoes, dance shoes from the forties- bless Nico for finding them for her- and until a few minutes ago she couldn't wait to break them in. Until then, Hazel had been having a blast. She'd bawled during the ceremony and made Frank cry and most of the Seven also cried (because they all cried at each other's weddings). Walking under the arch of swords formed by all the soldiers had been pretty exciting. She'd felt beautiful in her dress- a short, playful dress with a bare back and short lace sleeves, the kind of thing that the pretty brides wore back in New Orleans. And Frank looked infinitely handsome in his uniform, Hazel smiled just by looking at him. Instead of a speech, Jason, Percy and Leo had put their heads together to make a sketch about what they thought Frank's life had looked like that had had Hazel killing herself. Annabeth, Piper and Reyna had stuck to tradition. Nico had even talked in front of a crowd, which had Hazel crying again . Grandmother Zhang had taken the podium too, although she'd mostly yelled at Frank about needing strong women in his life and dished out his most embarrassing baby stories. One of the guys that Frank had served with made the speech, and he'd finished with the cheesy and cute line: "Frank, you sure picked a good girl to grow old with and Hazel, bless you for letting him tag along." It'd made Hazel's stomach sink. She'd started counting over the guests and she realised that… well, not all of them knew that Hazel and Frank wouldn't grow old together. They'd grow. Frank would become old. Hazel would not. They'd pledged their lives to each other, but really how much of Hazel's life was she really giving to Frank? She rested her head against his shoulder as they danced (or swayed; Frank didn't dance, Hazel did). The fabric of his uniform was pretty rough, but she