Hi! My username of choice may give it away, but I reeeeally like the goddess Hecate (both in historical reality and in the world of PJO)- so her kids are super interesting to me. So here is Femslash February Number 2 to try and stay on track with the calendar! I'm going to promise to be good for at least the first week, without making any promises about anything else... I hope you enjoy this story! Disclaimer: I own nothing. Day: 2 Situation: Person A adopts a pet Fluff: Hugs Angst: Illness Little Bird If we take this bird in With its broken leg We could nurse it She said Come inside For a little lie down with me If you fall asleep It wouldn't be the worst thing -Little Bird, Ed Sheeran "Hey," Miranda said. "Remember me?" Lou Ellen looked up at the smiling girl in front of her. She was about to immediately dismiss her for the oozing energy and optimism and preppyness- for god's sake, the girl had two French braids in her blonde hair and a hair elastic bunched up the extra fabric of her Camp t-shirt. There were friendship bracelets around her ankles and a worn out daisy pattern on her flip-flops. Her green eyes were just too twinkly. But then she remembered her. "Yes," Lou Ellen said. "Miranda Gardiner. We were in Hermes for a while, together. Before…" She let it trail. "Before you moved," Miranda filled in. "What?" Lou Ellen asked. "We were in Cabin 11 together for about three months unclaimed, until Chris Rodriguez left with a group of unclaimed kids, and you moved," Miranda said. "I was claimed by Demeter about a week later, I heard that you're a daughter of Hecate after all? The new counselor for their cabin, even." Lou Ellen couldn't help it. She laughed. "Moved," she repeated. "Moved… you know that's the single nicest way anyone has ever referred to treason and abandonment and betrayal in the history of treason and abandonment and betrayal- and that's a long history." "Well, maybe I'm the single nicest person you've talked to at camp so far," Miranda said. "I mean, what am I, the second person you've talked to?" "Actually, yes," Lou Ellen said. "Oh," Miranda said. "Well, welcome to Camp. Umm, you look kind of pale and I think you always were, but you're scrawny too." "Magic takes calories which army rations don't really have," Lou Ellen said. "Or that they didn't want to give us. Exploited labour is easy labour." "Oh," Miranda said. "Well, I have a secret word so that the harpies will let me to go into the kitchen any time. Are you still obsessed with rice pudding? I bet they'll make you some." "I'm not hungry," Lou Ellen said. "Oh," Miranda said. "Well, have you dropped by the camp store for toiletries? I'm guessing you don't have your own, and I find that washing my hair just makes me feel way more human." "Highly chemical things disbalance our magic," Lou Ellen said. "This place is… new. I remember you and I remember where the store is and everything, but it's new." "My cabin makes all-natural soaps and things," Miranda said. "Come." She held out a hand. There was dirt under her nails and someone had doodled a heart on every knuckle. So preppy. Lou Ellen took her hand and followed her. "It's a camp fire," Miranda whispered in Lou Ellen's ear. "It won't be any fun if you don't sing." "I'm not sure that it will be if I do," Lou Ellen said. "Then at least clap your hands." "I'm not sure that it will-" "Lou Ellen, I said clap," Miranda said taking Lou Ellen by the wrists and smashing her hands against one another, like a child playing with a doll. "See? It's already funner!" Lou Ellen didn't dignify that with a comment, but when Miranda arched an eyebrow and started bellowing words at the top of her lungs, then she smiled. "I like your smile," Miranda said. "I'm glad," Lou Ellen said. "You shouldn't be," Miranda said. "That just means I'll try to make you smile more. And I'm annooooying when I try to make you happy." "Yes you are." "Hey! You were supposed to disagree with that!" "But you are." "No I'm not!" "Yes you are." "No I'm not!" Miranda won not because of reason or logic or strong, steady arguments- but because tickling. Miranda burst into Cabin 20. People did not burst into Cabin 20. The children of Hecate looked at Miranda like she had fallen to earth in a shiny metal saucer. "Hi," she said breathlessly. "Sorry. Umm…. I was talking to Chris Rodriguez and he said that children of Hecate aren't exactly normal in mortal biological makeup and that you're all different from one another, and so it's hard to measure what everyone's limits are- but I think that Lou Ellen needs some food. Now I know that she may not be in human shape and it's kind of gloomy in here, but I would like to know where she is." A very small and very confused brother named Callister gulped and pointed to a bed tucked halfway into the wall. Miranda knelt next to the bunk. A hunch of a girl was curled up in there. "Lou Ellen," Miranda said. "Lou…" "I can't sleep." "What?" "I can't sleep," Lou said. "That's alright," Miranda said. "That's alright. But I'm sure that eating or drinking may help, your body is probably in shock- nobody's seen you in days." "I can't sleep," Lou said. "The nightmares are so bad. But it's not because I did something wrong. I was a soldier. I had orders. I had orders and then I would have food and water and they would leave the little ones alone and they would give me water and I never had enough water…" "Lou, let's go get you some water now," Miranda said. "I need to sleep because it's not my fault," Lou Ellen said. "That the things we did, we did…" "Okay, Lou," Miranda said. "Okay. I was hoping to get you out of the cabin today, but if you could switch onto your side that would be great." She needed a hand to do it, but Lou Ellen rolled onto her side and Miranda trickled some water into her mouth. "I can't sleep and it's not my fault," Lou Ellen said. "Of course not," Miranda said. "Here have some more." She turned around. "How long has she been like this? Her body's practically in shock…" The cabin looked back at her, mostly blankly. "We shared an orange on Monday," a little girl with big yellow, cat-like eyes said. "Lou Ellen made us do it. Everybody had a piece. Then she just started falling asleep, saying that she was exhausted. There's a protection spell around her bunk so that nobody would bother her." "I can't sleep," Lou Ellen said. "So why can I get close?" Miranda asked. She felt Lou Ellen shift under her hand. "Hush, Lou, have some more water… that's all you really need to do, okay? Water will make you better. It'll help." "Help," Lou Ellen said quietly. "Yup," Miranda said. "Help." Lou Ellen bumped into Miranda as she walked to the dining hall. "Oh, sorry," Miranda said. "Sorry- Miranda. You were actually the person I was looking for right now," Lou Ellen said. "I, umm… Okay, I put a new shirt on and it's, umm, it's buttoned right. And see, if you pinch my skin it pinkens up really quickly and that means I'm hydrated. And my cabin just bulk-ordered multivitamins and protein bars and energy drinks from the camp store and Jake made me this watch that reminds me to eat. I'm okay." "That's really good," Miranda said. "Right," Lou Ellen said. "So you don't need to worry about me." "Okay," Miranda said. "What you're seeing now, it isn't my regular. It's not normal," Lou Ellen said. "I'm not helpless." "Oh no," Miranda said. "That's not what I think…" "Okay good," Lou Ellen said. The watch beeped. "Is that food or water?" Miranda asked. Lou Ellen looked at her wrist, unsure. "Let's go for both," Miranda said. "Come on." "This is silly." "This is fun," Miranda said. "It's pointless." "Which makes it fun," Miranda said. "Just because we're half god doesn't mean we have to be spectacular all the time. Pass me the orange thread, it'll look good with the pink and yellow." Lou Ellen chewed her cheek, but then she handed Miranda the thread. "Scissors?" She asked. "Scissors," Lou Ellen said handing them to her. "Perfect," Miranda said. "Now look, to start off your bracelet, make a knot like this." "Okay." "Hey. Look a little bit more interested, or I'm not giving this bracelet to you." "Fine," Lou Ellen said. "I'm emotionally involved now, I promise." Miranda smiled and showed Lou Ellen how to braid the thread. Lou Ellen hated the colour pink. "I know you say that you know camp and don't want a tour-" "If you know that already…" "This wasn't there when you were here," Miranda said. "And it's kind of a secret." "A secret?" "Only the senior campers know." "I'm curious now," Lou Ellen admitted. Miranda smiled and skipped off into the woods, weaving through the trees as if there was a well-worn path on the ground that Lou Ellen couldn't see. That's when they got into a clearing, where a single massive oak supported three different treehouses on its branches- a big square wooden hut with a slanted roof and pots of flowers and curtains made of old bedsheets, connected by a rope bridge to a small, windowless cabin. Both of them were supervised by a small, higher cabin up top armed with a- Something from the highest tree branch fired with a pop and a red paintball exploded at Lou Ellen's feet. "Sorry, sorry," Miranda said. "Security system. Thank goodness that Connor can't aim. It's just paint anyways, or so the Ares kids say..." "Security system?" "Miranda," someone called from the treehouse. It was Will Solace. "Did you bring an ankle biter here?" "No, it's Lou," Miranda said. "Cool," Will said. "Because I would've shot that paintball gun myself." "Scary," Miranda said. "We're coming up. I'd like iced tea please, and Lou likes Coke." "We've got Pepsi, that good?" Percy Jackson asked. "It's an act of protest against Mr. D, I don't like it either." "That's fine," Lou Ellen smiled. Someone got kicked out of the treehouse and grumbled their way across the bridge to the smallest tree house (storage house?). "There's also food up there," Miranda said. "You know those crunchy vegan strawberry oat squares that I eat and that you steal all the time? There's a stash." "Let's go up," Lou Ellen said. Miranda smiled and took Lou Ellen's hand and dragged her to the ladder. "Hey, check this out," Lou Ellen said, reaching down to pick up a seashell. Swimming at the same time as Percy Jackson was the absolute best. The water was so clear that you could see your toes, like in a Greek beach vacation poster. There were plenty of fish darting around everyone's ankles. The waves were gentle and regular, as if he was magnetic. "That's a cool one," Miranda said. "With the colours and all." Swimming with Percy Jackson made the beach perfect and awesome, but swimming with Miranda and her flowery bikini was even better. "Take it," Lou Ellen said. Miranda reached out and turned the shell in her fingers. "It's white," she said. Lou Ellen held out her hand and Miranda put the shell back. The colours switched again from coral to yellow to pearly blue to pastel purple… "That's awesome," Miranda said beaming. "Pretty basic," Lou Ellen said lowering the shell back into the tide. "It's still the first time I've seen you do magic for fun since you got here," Miranda said. "That's wonderful.