There are excuses to be made for how long it took for my Ship Week stories to come out, but you are not interested in any of them so I will keep them to myself. The only one I'll share is that this story took forever. I hold myself to such high standards for my Jeyna stories since the part of me that doesn't care about Jason's free will and interesting character growth still want them to be together, but I produced a story and so the rest will follow. Goodnight and enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own the story. Until I Lost You The way to love anything is to realise that it may be lost. -Gilbert K Chesterton When Jason was young, he had trouble adapting to legion life after running loose with Lupa for years on end. He couldn't remember the patterns that marches went in, what epithets went to which gods, who was who in the complex hierarchy of Roman politics… That is, until his praetor of the time –Michelle- told him the key to it all. "It's always the same thing," she said. Latin verb endings, orders, battle formations, myths about adulterous gods and mortals transformed into animals, religious rituals… Consistency was the heart of the Roman Empire. Stability meant that its growth stayed sturdy, that nobody was trying to assassinate anyone, that life could go on, that culture could change and develop. It was better, and Jason saw that for himself. He found his own constants that kept his own world grounded (although sometimes they found him). The general excitement of today was that a retired legionnaires –Florence Knightly, daughter of Mars and legacy of Fortuna, known for her defence of Rome against the dracones indium at age 12, a year before she became praetor- was giving the swordplay lessons today. She'd brought along her husband (and old praetor colleague) to demonstrate some techniques. Jason's eyes glittered as he watched the quick footwork, the techniques, the blend of styles, the speed of it all… Then she walked them through a few of the networks of moves. "I want you to separate in groups of two and practise that," she said. "Don't spar with friends. Spar with someone that matches your level of talent. The only way to get-" "Pss," Bobby whispered in Jason's ear. "Wanna be with me?" "Can't, I'm with Reyna," Jason said. "You haven't even talked to her today," Bobby huffed. "I'm always with Reyna for sparring," Jason said. Scanning the crowd of eager and attentive legionnaires, he spotted her, met her eyes and she nodded at him. Reyna was cracking her knuckles in the senate, trying to keep herself as alert and ready as if this was an actual physical fight. "I struggle and fail to see why Centurion Ramirez Arellano is the most suited to lead this quest," Octavian proclaimed. Reyna bit her lip. Of course I'm most suited to lead this quest, I have experience with these monsters, she wanted to say. She looked at Jason and his face was like stone. She kept her tongue. "She has no experience as a leader in outside affairs, and barely any as a centurion herself," Octavian said. "I mean, surely there's a better option for the wellbeing of Rome!" "I suppose that you want to lead the quest instead, then," Jason said. "If the senate votes on the subject, it would be an honour for me to-" Jason cracked the tiniest smile. That came off like a cue to Reyna. "-put all your years of leadership in outside affairs to use," Reyna said loudly. There was some scoffing and giggles in the senate. Octavian flushed red. Jason gave a thumbs up to Reyna. One more senate meeting successfully navigated in tandem. Jason was late for supper because he'd been talking to Praetor McQuid about his upcoming quest and how why in Rome and Olympus am I the most qualified person to go kill a sea monster? He'd worried and muttered to himself on his way to the dining pavilion, and when he got there he flagged down Reyna. When he got to the clump of seats that she was laying on, he saw that Aurum and Argentum were sitting on a couch all to themselves. Reyna saw him and snapped her fingers. The dogs hopped off. "I saved you a spot." "Thanks," Jason said. "And I grabbed you a Coke before everyone took the good pop and left the Ginger Ale," Reyna said. "Thank you." Reyna's cohort had been grounded for defiance to the praetors and general misbehaviour, and even after missing a day at Berkeley, they came in late for supper. Reyna looked less than impressed, so Jason was glad that he'd saved her a plate of her ultimate comfort food, sofrito. He'd also snuck a few taquitos on her plate, but her day had been so bad that even that only marginally cheered her up. Her devotion and loyalty and seriousness made Reyna and outcast in the fourth cohort, which she belonged in for power if nothing else. "I stopped at the auto shop and picked up motor oil for the dogs," Jason said. "Thank the gods!" Reyna said. "I didn't have enough to last them another week!" That made her feel better than the taquitos did. "It's not sinking in," Jason said. "Actually the only sinking going on right now is what my grades are going to be doing…" He sighed and shut his textbook. To become a higher officer in Rome, like a centurion or a praetor, you had to have a level of education that went to middle school at the least. And it had to be accredited. So he and Reyna were taking homeschool classes with Lupa being officially listed as their teacher, but most of the content being self-taught. Usually this worked well for Jason who'd sprung a streak of independence and autonomy in New Rome, but usually Jason was procrastinating math rather than doing it. "Okay, look," Reyna said pulling his notebook towards her. She studied his work for a few minutes before tapping her pencil onto a spot on the page. "The problem here is that you're trying to multiply two negatives, and you're keeping your product negative instead of making it positive so your next addition doesn't work at all." "Oh, Styx," Jason said. "That's true. Geez, since when are you so good at math?" "I did budgets and sums for Circe," Reyna said. "Do you want me to look at the rest of your work?" "Sure, that would rock!" "Can you read over my English essay after? My spelling sucks." "Yeah, no problem," Jason said as they swapped notebooks. Reyna dumped an armful of firewood on the spot where Jason had cleared the forest floor. "I really need to sleep," Reyna said. She looked awful after using her powers to collapse the monster's hideout. It was a little trick she'd inherited from her mother being the destructor of cities as a war goddess, one that Reyna hated to use but that had saved their lives. "You do," Jason agreed. Reyna rubbed her eyes. "I've refilled the water bottles, and there's enough firewood for you to work with if you can just set a spark to it or something…" "I've got it," Jason said. "I'm just going to sharpen my sword before I… Pluto, I forgot my whetstone at camp…" Reyna groaned. "It's okay," Jason said. "I brought an extra." "IVLIVS needs it," Reyna said. "No, you always forget yours, so I brought an extra one for you," Jason said rummaging in a pouch of his backpack. He found it and Reyna sighed in relief. "Thank the gods." "But you don't get to use it yet, you need to sleep first," Jason said. "You can sharpen your armoury during your shift. Shoo. Go count sheep or something." Unlike the rumour that Octavian would undoubtedly spread would say, Jason wasn't late to the senate meeting because he couldn't figure out how to tie a toga, but rather because his cohort was being a pain. But whatever the reason, he was late, and every senator, retired legionnaire, praetor and every questor in between saw it. "Did I miss the vote?" Jason asked as he sat down next to Reyna. "No," she whispered back, not taking her eyes off the speaker. She slid a floppy notebook towards him. "I took notes for you." "You rocks," Jason said flipping to a new page of the notebook and finding a pen for himself. There wasn't a single doubt in Jason's mind that Reyna had been interiorising what would and should have been a major freak out early in the day, when they'd found out that the series of attacks on women in New Rome were getting more and more frequent, and that the authorities were suspecting a serialist. She wouldn't take kindly to that. It would stir up some bad memories and she'd be heartbroken that her new safe place, the supposed safe haven for all demigods, was suddenly crumbling around her. He sat down on the fourth barrack's front steps with a book until he heard the porch door squeak open. He turned around and sure enough, there was Reyna- bundled in a big sweater and sweatpants. She saw Jason and he opened his arms. She sat down next to him. "I figured you'd have a nightmare or an attack or- or something," Jason said softly. "I don't want to talk about it," Reyna said. "I just want you to be here." "I can do that," Jason said. "Are you sure?" Reyna asked. Jason nodded. "Two hellhounds, three somethings that are like snakes, and a Titan." Since he'd started feeling the electromagnetic fields of living organisms, he'd been so much more useful on quests. "I'll go," Jason said. "Send the dogs after the snake-likes. We each take a hellhound, give ourselves 10 seconds to get them, and then figure out which Titan we're dealing with." "If it's a small one?" Reyna asked. "Inflict damage, figure out what it's doing," Jason said. He bit his lip. "They're probably just gathering at Othrys…" "Hey, focus," Reyna said. "Worry later. If it's a big one?" "Run." "Perfect," Reyna said. They starred at the door. "On three," Reyna said raising her knife. "One… two… three…" Jason kicked down the door and jumped in. Immediately he heard the clink of metal against metal, and spun around to see that Reyna had caught a dracanae's sword with her dagger. Oh, Jason thought as he turned back around and sliced through a hellhound's throat. They'd smelled them and framed the door. Lovely. Thank gods Reyna always covered his back. "Okay," Reyna said. "I walked up and down the road and I saw a McDonald's, a PF Chang's China Bistro, a Chuck E Cheese and a Burger King." "Let's go to McDonald's," Jason said. "No," Reyna said. "You forgot your Epipen at camp; I'm not dealing with you dying of cross-contamination now. I've got a full quest to keep you alive for, and I decided a while back that if I'm losing you, it's not because of a stupid peanut." "Bobby, Kota and I go to McDonald's all the time." "Well, it's their problem if you die, not mine," Reyna said. "I looked it up. The Chinese place is our best bet." "My mom worked in wildlife rehab," Bobby said. "I grew up with, like, crows and cages of abandoned baby raccoons in the house, you know? When I was a kid my mom would give me a bottle and give a possum one and stuff. Got picked up by a nature god, of course. Still haven't been claimed and she doesn't know which one, she can't remember his god name, she only called him Bay. " It was one of those nights in New Rome. One of those nights where a newcomer had stumbled into camp after his run from the Wolf House