Hello! Here's your story of the day! I had a snow day today, so I got to spend an extra amount of time on this, so I hope you enjoy it! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters and events and settings in here! Day: 3 Situation: Person A has an assessment coming up and needs to revise Fluff: Sleepy Angst: Faint Four Times I Should Have Lost You i Lacy held an icepack against Nyssa's cheek and tried not to cringe when her girlfriend cringed. She'd gotten Nyssa's text at 2:00 AM, probably when Nyssa had assumed that Lacy would be sleeping. But Lacy couldn't sleep, not until she'd gotten a good-night text from Nyssa, especially since Nyssa hadn't been at school… After getting a 'i'm okay' test, she'd tracked Nyssa down- which wasn't as big of an exploit as it sounded considering the size of the town, though Nyssa had picked a particularly crummy bridge to hide under. She'd brought everything Nyssa might need- a ham and cheese and tomato sandwich with just a bit of mustard, ice water, hot tea, a hoody Lacy had stolen, a blanket, a flashlight, some dry socks… and yes. A first aid kit. She'd seen this coming. "Tell me again what happened," Lacy said. "It's nothing," Nyssa said, in her harsh way of using tone to compensate for bad answers. "Nothing. Right, of course," Lacy said, babbling nervously. "Nothing leaves you with three broken ribs, two black eyes and a bruise the size of my hand. Of course. Oh, don't act surprised. I saw it when you stretched, your shirt rode up. It's too small. It's your bad shirt, you only wear it to sleep, never outside. How long have you been out here?" "Lacy, leave it alone babe…" "How long?" Lacy snapped. Nyssa winced. Lacy bit her lip. "I'm sorry." But now she knew. Whenever Nyssa got jumpy and hunched in on herself, Lacy knew. "How bad was he?" Lacy asked. "I don't want to talk about Ken," Nyssa said. "Then talk to me about you," Lacy said. "I mean, why was he so pissed? You're in such bad shape, this isn't right Nyssa, it never was, but this…" "You," Nyssa said. "He found out about you." Lacy's jaw dropped. "Nyssa…" "I don't want to talk about it, Lacy." "I'm sorry." "I'm not," Nyssa said. "What did I do?" Lacy said. "How did he..?" Nyssa looked at the ground before taking Lacy's hand. "Bobby pins," Nyssa said. "He found sparkly bobby pins on my bedside table and..." "And only I wear the sparkly bobby pins... Oh my gosh," Lacy said. Everything in her chest felt tight. "Oh my gosh, I'm sorry Nyssa, I'm sorry…" "It's okay, Lacy, it's okay," Nyssa said. "Like I said it's… it's okay." "You shouldn't be comforting me, that's not right," Lacy said. "You're the one who just got beat up and… oh God, do you think he kicked you out for good this time? Where was your mom?" "Late shift at the hospital," Nyssa said. "Of course. But it doesn't matter, she'll agree with him on… on this. She may have even watched, this time around." "Nyssa…" Lacy said. "We'll figure something out, okay? After all this time, now you have to let me help you." "Look, I wouldn't have texted you, but this is really bad," Nyssa said. "Ken saw the bobby pins when he woke me up this morning. He recognised them as yours because he always checks out my friends, wondered why they were on my nightstand, found your shirt in my drawer. He figured out that we were together. He beat me up for being gay, which made him late to work, which explains why he stayed out late tonight. But I think that by tomorrow he'll have called your grandparents." "Oh God…" Lacy said. "They're going to…" "I know," Nyssa said. "So fair warning, don't help me. We're both screwed." "Where do we go?" Lacy asked. "I mean, no one in town would help, in town they would just freak out... " "Right," Nyssa said. "But you do know that your grandparents are going to try to pray the gay away, right? They'll send you to that camp that Marty Webber's family shipped him off to…" "Oh God," Lacy said. "Oh God, they're going to seperate us…" "They will," Nyssa said. "They're going to try, anyways," Lacy said. "Try? What do you mean try? Lacy, this is hopeless. I didn't text you here for help," Nyssa said. "I texted you to say goodbye." "No!" Lacy said. "No, no, no! I will not be seperated from you. Do you hear that, Nyssa Torres? We will figure something out." "You're so cute when you get stubborn and your chin toughens up like that…" Nyssa said putting a hand against her cheek. "Quit it," Lacy said, swatting Nyssa's hand away. "We work together on everything, we've been able to make everything work for this long… we'll figure something out." "I've been sitting here all day trying to figure something out, Lace," Nyssa said. "Well then we have to leave," Lacy said. "Do you remember… Oh yeah! Daisy Meadows!" "What about her?" Nyssa said. "Before she left last year, remember all that crazy stuff she talked about?" Lacy asked. "About our parents having a place for us out in New York?" "Daisy Meadows was psychotic," Nyssa said. "She was deformed from birth, she didn't walk or talk or think right- that's what they said." "Yes, and they will also say things about us," Lacy said. "Daisy was different and yeah sometimes she was stalking us, but what if she was on to something? What if she was right? What if she did know my mom and your dad and they really had a place for us? I mean, they abandoned us, right? They would owe us a big favour, like, taking us in right now… That's the only favour I'd ever need from them. I mean, if we can get to New York or Long Island- yeah, it was Long Island that she said, right? That's near New York, there are tons of ways to get to New York, I still have the address she gave us in my phone, something about a strawberry farm…" Lacy took a deep breath. "Tell me I'm crazy," she said. "I would," Nyssa said. "But I don't want to lose you. So crazy is what I need right now." ii Nyssa rapped her knuckles against the helm of Lacy's helmet, which was a good luck sign that campers had used for years, if the Ancient Greeks hadn't used it beforehand. It was popular on Capture-the-Flag nights, but Nyssa figured that they needed even more help now. Then she kissed Lacy, which was a bit less traditional but kind of their thing. "It'll be fine," Nyssa said. "The quest party gave us a good heads up about Luke and his army, our defences are pretty good." Lacy nodded. "We'll be okay." Nyssa nodded. "I mean," Lacy said, "there hasn't been an attack on Camp soil in hundreds of years and this is the very first and there's this rumour that Kampê is in their army, but you know… fine. We'll be fine." "Of course we will be," Nyssa said. "And you know why?" Lacy smiled. "Why?" "Because I-" At that moment Zeus' Fist exploded, and monsters poured into the forest. All hell broke loose, and then it was war. iii Lacy was on a stretcher, sobbing in absolute agony when Nyssa stumbled into the hotel, and her heart broke. "Lacy!" Nyssa said before weaving around a mob of children of Hermes to grab her hand. "Nyssa," Lacy said. Her voice was faint. "Nyssa, you're alive…" "Lacy, what… what…" "Clubbed by a giant," Will Solace, the healer on call, said dismissively as he pressed more gauze against Lacy's face. "She mostly ducked it, thank the gods…." "I…" Lacy said. "Lacy stop talking, you've got a broken jaw," Will said. "A broken jaw?" Nyssa echoed. "And a skull fracture, shrapnel everywhere, a broken nose, a collapsed cheekbone, a broken collarbone, a snapped arm, a sliced ear with some damage to the inner- sorry," Will said after Nyssa shot him a look. "It comes out on its- Lacy whoa, whoa, whoa, don't fall asleep…" "Lacy!" Nyssa said. "Lacy!" "She's lost too much blood," Will said. "She's lost too much blood, crap, crap…" "I'm O negative!" Nyssa said. "I'm O negative, you told me that's the universal donour, right Solace? Do battlefield transfusions, go now!" "You're O negative!" Will said. "FUCKING GODS Nyssa, you're gonna make my life so much easier! Bowman, go get me a fresh kit! Lacy, stay awake, check this out, your girl's got your back and you're going to have her blood… Lacy… Lacy!" Nyssa took Lacy's hand. "Look, I know that you're scared and that tons of people are supposed to die today, but you won't die today okay? This isn't how our story happens, or how we're going to end it. Understood?" "Understood," Lacy said quietly. She fainted for sure after that, but Nyssa knew that she'd come back. She'd understood. iv Winning a battle never stopped at the cheering. Lacy remembered it from the Titan War, but it was even more real this time. The War with Gaia, the battle for Camp, had left even more carnage- and it was foreign carnage too. Demigods and legacies that Lacy didn't know, big war machines and animals she'd never seen before... Camp Half-Blood's war machines were fried, the main control system had been strategically buried in the geographical center of Half-Blood hill to give out signals and energy that all the machines could sense without the enemy's tracking. Except the enemy was supposed to be the Romans, not Mother Earth. About half of Camp's catapults functioned electronically (like uber-intelligence droids) in a desperate attempt to make up for their numbers once they'd face the legion, and those were all toast. And not to mention all the automatons… The automatons. What a great idea, they'd been. What a mess they were now... Not too far from where Lacy was, one of the gigantic machines had collapsed. Lacy rushed to it with a few Roman soldiers and used her emergency knife's handle to smash a window and a Roman boy named Thomas (who had the same face shape and weirdly distinctive blue eyes as Lacy- a brother maybe?) pull Christopher out of the wreckage. He was yelling for Shane and that's when Lacy saw that Christopher was only the co-pilot. From the pilot's seat, two Roman legionnaires had pulled out Shane, who had two smashed legs and a piece of shrapnel through his chest and a lifeless look in his eyes. The little anxious voice in the back of Lacy's mind mercilessly reminded her that Nyssa was piloting an automaton. She couldn't run straight to where she thought she'd seen Automaton IV (the one Nyssa always practised in and tinkered with) there were plenty of people who needed help on the way. Lacy didn't –couldn't- stop everywhere, but she closed a Roman soldier's eyes, found a severed arm for a healer ( ew e ewe ewe ewe ewe ), helped a daughter of Ares named Chloe limp to the nearest healer pop-up station and helped Connor Stoll stomp out a small fire. She found Automaton IV in ruins. "Let's move quickly people!" A Roman centurion was crying out. "The gas tank leaked and if the engine wasn't shut properly, we may get a spark and where there's spark there's flame!" "No," Lacy whispered. "Nyssa… Nyssa!" "Lacy, stay back," Jake said. He had blood and oil and soot on his face, and he wore a dog tag on his throat reading JAKE MASON AUTOMATON III. Lacy's blood chilled. She'd overheard the children of Hephaestus talk about this, about wearing dog tags in case something went so wrong that the bodies would be impossible