Enjoy the story! Disclaimer: I don't own anything in the world of Rick Riordan. The last counselor meeting scene contains dialogue taken directly from The Last Olympian. Believe To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow. -Audrey Hepburn Within his first 24 hours of enrolment in pre-kindergarten, Travis had been forbidden to ever use finger paint again. Mom had told him that school would be a nice way to experiment with things he liked and meet new people, but apparently 'experimenting' came with a caliber. In first grade, Travis was diagnosed with ADHD and dyslexia. They told his mother that he'd never be able to reach standards in regular schools, that's how bad he was. Mom still told them not to give him pills, and every night they did an hour of homework. Travis read comic books avidly, he drew them himself, and he was brilliant in geography. Mom smiled and Travis heard her on the phone once, telling the special needs teacher to "suck my dick, my son is fine if you believe in him". In third grade, Travis got in a fight with a guy named Kurt. He was defending Connor but since Kurt ended up nursing a black eye along with his large inheritance, it was quickly suggested by the school that Travis should maybe seek another education establishment before a lawsuit landed in Mom's lap. In grade seven (he wasn't in school anymore, but technically he'd be in grade 7) he'd asked a stupid question in mythology class. Everybody had rolled their eyes and clucked their tongues. Katie Gardner had turned around to explain to him that a hellhound wasn't a servant of hell, but a rogue beast. She enumerated its weak spots for Travis too, which was both kind and helpful and seriously badass from a girl that Travis had only previously seen wearing flower crowns. And so it began. "Hands up," Katie said. Travis threw his hands in the air and swore internally. Hopefully Connor had gotten away already, because Travis was dead meat here. Katie patted him down and finally pulled out wads of bubble gum from his back pocket. She arched an eyebrow before marching back to the camp store, where she'd just taken over Travis' shift two minutes ago. "Look, please don't tell Chiron," Travis said as Katie put the gum back on the display. "I won't," Katie said nonchantly. She always spoke that way, calm and cool and collected and patient as if she was always at peace. "He'll honestly kill me and if he doesn't he'll tell Mr D and if I spend any more time as a shrub, I'm going to be permanently green and my mom-" "Travis," Katie said. "I won't tell." Travis arched an eyebrow. So maybe he didn't know Katie that well. She was the same age as him, fine, but lots of demigods were. There had been a baby boom or something. She was a child of Demeter, but there were, like, fifteen of those. From what he knew about Rosalie Greene (the last counselor), children of Demeter were super duper strict and goody two-shoes and by the book and nursing and gentle and generally the opposite of what Travis was. He'd seen Katie control masses of tiny siblings before, so he guessed that she had to have some sense of order and honour. "You… won't?" Travis asked. "You stole a pack of gum from a store that also carried exclusive Myth-o-Magic figurines, magical items, daggers, ambrosia and priceless antiques," Katie said. "Clearly you weren't trying to do any damage." "But… it was illegal. I did an illegal thing," Travis stuttered. "My big sister ran away with Luke and made me counselor," Katie said. "Don't you think I know a thing or two about acting out and being angry and sloppy? I'm being gracious. You should probably get out of here though." Travis nodded, shaking and left. Katie tapped Travis' shoulder and he turned around in the middle of Operation Splash. "Just to let you know, most of the hunters are wearing white shirts right now, and they really wouldn't appreciate getting soaked," Katie said. "Also Thalia Grace- she's a daughter of Zeus, she can't stand water. One of them, the cutie with the blue eyes, joined the hunt because her mother tried to exorcise the demigod out of her by trying to drown her in 1923. I'd strongly recommend that you do not rig a water balloon avalanche to the door of their cabin even if they are fresh meat to prank, but I think I can trust you to make the right choice." Okay. How was Travis supposed to not call it off after that? "What do you have to say for yourself?" Mr D asked Travis. "I…" It honestly wasn't looking too good for Travis. There wasn't much you could say when Mr D caught you red-handed stealing DVD's from his personal collection to support the movie theater you illegally ran in the forges every Saturday night. "Oh, thank Pan I found you!" Katie said jumping out of the blue. She was holding a spatula in one hand and a bowl of pancake batter in the other. Right; every Wednesday Katie made pancakes for the demigods in the infirmary. The kitchen didn't cater to them, so usually they ate regular old hospital food. "Did you find the movie? Oh good!" Katie beamed. "Hello Mr. D." "Kayla," Mr. D said. "Do you know what Mr. Stoll is up to?" "Yeah," Katie said as brightly and calmly as ever. "He's bringing movies to the infirmary so that the demigods there stay stimulated and engaged and out of your legs." "He is," Mr. D said. "Yes," Katie said. "You gave us permission to do this eons ago, sir. Remember?" Travis' jaw dropped. Katie was brilliant. She was totally banking on the fact that Mr. D had little to no cares about the entire half-blood population. "Permission to who?" "Me, sir. Kathleen Gardner." Now she was exploiting her good-girl status? To cover for Travis? Whoa. It was kind of… shocking. But also touching. "Did I?" Mr. D said. "Highly possible. Nothing you brats say is worth retaining for more than five minutes. Alright then Mr. Stoll, you may go about your business." Mr. D walked away and disappeared further in the Big House. "Holy Styx Katie, thank you so much," Travis said. "Hush," Katie said. "I can't afford to get in trouble right now, and neither can you! Don't you know how much those movie nights mean to people? It's the only safe date demigod couples can go on, and it brings a little joy and fun into camp." "You really see that?" Travis said. "I mean, think that?" "I'm not blind, Travis," Katie said. "I know that you do good things and that you're a good person, shocking enough. I believe in you. Now don't mess it up." "I'll try not to," Travis managed to blubber. Connor was late and the only food on the table were these Peanut MnM's that Travis would die if he ate. Travis' feet were tapping against the ground and his knees were kicking up to the table. "Will you stop it Stoll?" Clarisse said exasperated. Nerves were high around camp since Luke left. Other demigods were periodically disappearing too- disappearing in the middle of the night with all their things and no signs of a struggle. Chris Rodriguez was the latest. It didn't help that Travis knew the way that campers were looking at Cabin 11 nowadays- not only were they sloppy and mischievous and crammed, but they were also immoral now. And in a seriously bad way, too. Katie put a hand on Travis' wrist. It snapped him back to reality somehow and out of all his daydreams about pranks and places he wanted to travel to. It was grounding. "Okay," Chiron said. "We'll start without Michael, shall we? He should be here soon." He cleared his throat. "Okay, so first order of business is to congratulate everyone for doing their chores quickly and efficiently next week. If you could remind your cabins to take out their garbage on Fridays for the harpies, that would be appreciated since it was the most often cited broken cleaning protocol over the last month. I'd also like to mention that the rule about two campers being alone together in a cabin has come up a lot over the last few months and that it also applies to counselors." Even Chiron gave Silena and Beckendorf a quick glance. Seriously, Travis could have cited and enumerated every single reminded, debate, decision and point made during the entirety of that meeting. It was miraculous! Katie didn't take her hand off his wrist until after the counselor meeting. "I wasn't sneaking off, I wasn't running away, I wasn't going to join Kronos!" Travis fought as Mark, Clarisse and Sherman dragged him back to the Big House. He'd only gotten about a mile past the magical borders. "Seriously, you can let go of me, I can walk." "Desertion is a coward's mark," Sherman said. "I wasn't deserting, I was coming back!" Travis said. "I just wanted to make a department store run." "Argus drove us there yesterday," Clarisse said. "All the senior counselors went, including your skinny kleptomaniac butt. What the hell, Stoll?" "It's my mom's birthday today!" Travis said. "She's out of the state, it's the right time to call now, and I didn't want to call early, it's not the same- seriously, let me go!" "Excuse me," someone said approaching them with a lantern. It was Katie Gardner, wearing an oversized t-shirt from an agricultural university in Nebraska and cotton pajama shorts dotted with flowers. "I just got my last little sibling to bed after a nightmare. Would it be possible to mind the noise?" "Sorry Katie," Clarisse said. "Just trying to get this one back to Chiron." "Sorry Clarisse, I'm not quite sure I understand. Isn't it the harpies' job to make sure the curfew is respected?" "This one was running away." The shock in Katie's eyes only flashed there for a second, but Travis felt horrible. "I was trying to go make a phone call," Travis said. "To my mother. For her birthday. I- Connor and I sneak out and call every year. Connor was supposed to sneak out half and hour after I did so that it would be more subtle." "It is his mother's birthday today," Katie said calmly. "Come on, Clarisse. You know it yourself that it's been harder than ever to go home for the holidays and send mail." Mark and Sherman nodded too. This was their first time as year-round campers. "Okay," Clarisse said. " Fine. But be careful Stoll." The children of Ares stomped back to their positions, patrolling the borders. Travis rubbed his arm. "I never told you anything about my mom," Travis realised. "No, but I'm sure you love her enough to do that," Katie said. "I believe you." "Hey, so we were going to try to turn the climbing wall's difficulty setting to a ten later today," Travis said. "Percy Jackson and I still think we can climb it if we use liquid nitrogen from the Athena cabin. He's going to get Annabeth to cough some up for us to try. Want to come watch?" "Not particularly, no," Katie told Travis. It bummed him out at first; Katie had become a surprisingly big part of his day to day life at camp. He liked being around her, and recently he'd also started to seek her out. "Alright. How about after supper? Do you have anything then? Because we're having a multi-cabin hot dog eating contest and the winner wins this giant chocolate bar. Seriously, Cecil's the one who found it so I don't know but he says it's the size of his arm." "I think I'm okay," Katie said. "After lunch did you want to go swimming?" Travis asked. "No thank