For my beautiful Maddi, who's taking France by storm as we speak. I was hoping that this could be a get-off-the-plane surprise, but my electronics and my body and brain weren't cooperating. Regardless: enjoy! Dedication: M Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed here! Send Me a Postcard Let me kiss your tears away There's no need to feel afraid I told you, darling, you're the one So don't worry when tomorrow I'll be gone I will return with gold and treasures for you From all the world -Five to Seven Years, Alexander Rybak Nyssa stood in the eye of the storm. She was trying hard not to step on a scarf or a blouse or a miniaturized toiletry, but the ordinarily neat and tidy Lacy had completely taken over her cabin It was as if her colour-coded trunk had exploded and vomited every single thrift store find and long cardigan and fun hairband that Lacy had ever owned. "Your bag is ready," Nyssa said. "It'll be fine." Lacy was checking over a list for the fifth time. "I think I have everything," she said. "My lenses, the good tripod… extra batteries! Do I have extra batteries?" "In the little pocket," Nyssa said. "With the protein bars?" "Oh," Lacy said. "Right, that's right- I mean, you're right, I-" "Relax," Nyssa said. "You're going to be fine." Lacy nodded and picked at the strands of blond that stuck out of the oil-stained bandana she'd stolen from Nyssa ages ago. "I've never left camp for this long before," Lacy mused. "I know," Nyssa said. Mostly because she hadn't left camp for more than two weeks at a time either. And usually that was with Lacy. Gods, why did it have to come to seperation before you realised how unseperable you were with someone? "It'll be fun. Like an adventure. And you'll be moving around so much that the monsters won't be able to track you down." Lacy nodded and started fiddling with her camera some more. The camera had always been Lacy's baby. The first time Lacy had broken any rules at camp was to sneak into Cabin 9 in tears and begging for Nyssa's help because a child of Ares had stuck gum in it and she was scared that it wouldn't work anymore. But now it could be Lacy's ticket out of camp and into the real world. Her pictures were beautiful, a tiny snippet of the beauty Lacy could find anywhere in the world. She was scared out of her mind to share those pictures with anyone in the world and kept them stacked in shoeboxes under her bunk, but Nyssa had convinced her to send some in to a contest and… well, now she regretted it a bit. Not because Lacy had won the contest, not at all. But because now Lacy would leave for six months of globe-trotting and photo-journalism for Eclipse magazine. Six months... It made the pit of Lacy's stomach coil and her heart ache. Shh. "It'll be fun!" Nyssa said, laying it on thick. Lacy smiled and looked up from her camera, peeking through her bangs. "Thanks," Lacy said. "I don't think I'd have been calm enough to pack if you hadn't been there." "No problem," Nyssa smiled. "Just send me a postcard while you're gone, okay?" Lacy smiled and nodded. Argus came in with the mail cart as he did every Friday. He stopped at tables one at a time and handed out envelopes and care packages alike. Nyssa wasn't surprised when he stopped at her table, but she was slightly stunned at the pile of mail he handed her. "Looks like someone should have picked up their mail," Jake said. Nyssa frowned. She didn't know that she got mail. Nevertheless, she flipped through her pile. There was the one letter from her mom, the token I-still-care, but then… then there were postcards. Dozens of them from all over Europe. There was one of a bright red bus whizzing around London, another of stunning Irish castles, yet another of sunny Spain… There was one of a beach, in France. Juno Beach. Nyssa remembered Chiron teaching her about Juno Beach when he's posed as her history teacher- it had been a big deal in liberating France during the second world war. And Lacy had written behind it, something more elaborate than a wish you were here, than an I'm doing okay or a no monsters in five days! It was: Dear Nyssa, I was missing home by the time we got to France already, which wasn't a good sign. But then we went to Juno Beach. The guides are awesome, and there are always veterans at the beach, ready to talk and share and explain that day. A gentleman from England pointed out the spot where he'd stood when he'd been shot. This was over eighty years ago, but he could still point it out for me. He talked to me for hours and hours and shared hot cocoa from a thermos with me. I'm not homesick anymore. There's something beautiful and nostalgic and heartbreaking about standing where other people once stood. I feel so connected to the world around me, and I'm loving it. You're right, I'm fine. -Lacy The postcard today came from Switzerland, and showed a tiny house on a massive mountain. Dear Nyssa, I touched the clouds today! I feel like I'm five years old and I know that you'll laugh at me but I touched the clouds and my feet were still on the earth- that's incredible, no? When else could that ever happen? This trip is amazing, I'm having a blast. I hope you're safe and sound and happy. -Lacy Today's postcard was from the Czech Republic. The picture was one that Nyssa knew rather well since Lacy had wanted to see its subject in person forever: the astrological clock in Prague. Dear Nyssa, It's something to realise that the world that you wanted to see is really out there… This may sound ignorant, but when I was planning this trip I kept thinking that it couldn't be real, that not everything could live up to all my crazy wildest hopes and dreams, that the world couldn't truly be as colourful and vast and gorgeous as I thought. I was wrong, it is. It kind of makes you think that you can have anything you want. This made Nyssa's stomach churn. She'd like to think so too, but the countdown she'd scrawled on a pad of Post-It by her bed told her that Lacy would still be on the other side of the planet for 4 months and two weeks. Europe is beautiful, you'd love it here! The Czech Republic may be my favourite so far. The booze is cheap and I got a shirt that said "Czech Me Out". I thought you'd think that was funny. -Lacy Nyssa did laugh. The postcard today showed dramatic fjords and icy mountain tops and scenery that screamed just you try to outlast me. Nyssa was in love, and according to the message scrawled on the back, so was Lacy. Dear Nyssa, I changed my mind- Norway is my favourite so far! I feel like I'll be changing my mind all the time… but truly, Norway was spectacular. Yesterday we watched the Northern lights and it was so beautiful. As if the stars had tipped a paint can aside, as if the sky had stolen our colours for one short night. But it also scared me. This is the first time that we've never seen the same sky. I guess I just realised how far away I'd be from my best friend… -Lacy Her stomach twisted in on itself. She was tempted to look up the first plane to Norway taking off from JFK, but she stopped herself. No. This was Lacy's adventure, and as long as Lacy was okay, Nyssa would be okay too. Nyssa was a bit surprise when Argus distributed the mail and gave her a letter, not a postcard. Dear Nyssa, I have so much to tell you and you already say that my handwriting is so small- so I figured that I'd need something a bit bigger than a postcard to keep you updated. But there's still a postcard in the envelope for traditions' sake. Nyssa smiled as she read through accounts of Lacy's day and nights and sunsets and sunrises. Even when she wrote she was distracted and bubbly, energy and enthusiasm and sheer wonder oozing off her words and launching her into tangents. And boy did Lacy have a lot to talk about. She was absolutely raving about Angkor, an enormous archeological site full of old temples and buildings and water tunnels in Cambodia. She talked about Vietnamese food and the bicycle culture and the monuments from the war and about how lost she'd gotten and how she'd ridden an elephant and eaten fried spiders- which Nyssa had difficulty imagining considering how Lacy was known to cross camp and burst into the forges to make Nyssa help her with bugs on her bunk... Lacy was sure becoming brave on this trip. It made Nyssa's stomach squirm a bit, to think that maybe one day Lacy wouldn't need her to take centipedes out of her shoes or to pick up moths with paper towels when they landed on her pillow... That was a stupid thing to think, but it mattered in a way that Nyssa couldn't explain. Lacy had attached stunning photographs of tree roots wrapped around temples, of daring stone structures and monuments older than their country. Behind each print was an equally detailed anecdote or explanation, each signed "Lacy" with a little heart in red pen. Other photos included a stunning aerial shot of a boat market, a lone and overloaded car driving down a country road, healthy green rice fields, little kids waving up at the lense with smiles on their faces… We've just made the switch from Viet Nam to Laos to Cambodia, so check the captions to see which picture comes from where. Yesterday we visited the Killing Fields. During the Khmer Rouge regime, over a million people were killed and buried here. I read a bit before coming and this one sociologist, Martin Shaw, said that the Cambodian was "the purest genocide of the Cold War era", but I don't know how anything like that could be pure. I was a bit of a mess and my pictures felt blurry and distraught and only so-so. I wish you'd been there to pick me up. Lots of love, Lacy. With a heart, of course. Nyssa held the letter in her hands and reread it a thousand times and smiled before frowning as well. I wish I was there too. Or I wish you were here. Or I wish that I wasn't missing out on you so much. Dear Nyssa, Do you remember how I told you that our itinerary was weird since we were going from east-to-west, but then backtracking to go to Japan? Maybe I didn't tell you… I'll have so many stories to tell when I get home, I'm going to annoy you so much. Anyways, we went back, and I just found out that it was to time our stay in Japan with a festival called Tanabata. We celebrated it in Sendai. In present day Japan, people celebrate it by writing wishes on different decorations- paper cranes, paper strips, streamers, nets, they all have their own meaning. The decorations are hung all over the place and there are fireworks, parades, outdoor stalls selling food and hosting carnival games… It was beautiful, Nyssa. It was beautiful to see so many people dare to wish. Back home I always wished for things that I didn't or couldn't have. I wish my dad would take my phone calls. I wish my grandparents would let me move back in. I wish I wasn't gay. I wish Silena wouldn't have been the