So ya'alls problem is that you keep requesting things for Slash Week that I've already got planned out! So here's some Jake and Will for you guys. But please keep requesting for some ships because tomorrow there is absolutely no story or concept laid out yay yay yay. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters shown below. Dedication: Maddi that bugger. And Suddenly And suddenly you know what all the love songs That they write are all about -Suddenly, Ina Will tipped his hat to the guys who'd built Cabin 7, because it couldn't have been easy. Apollo was all over the place with his powers, kind of like Hermes. He did art, the sun, archery, healing, poetry, prophecy, literature… And his kids' powers and interests covered that range too. The most illiterate pig that Will had ever known had been a fantastic archer. The healer who had taught Will everything he knew couldn't draw a straight line for the life of him. Will himself hated the sun, hated being too warm, but was a gifted healer, loved reading and music, and could shoot decently. But the cabin was pretty good at keeping things in perspective. The wooden floor and high white walls gave the brightly lit cabin the illusion of being an art gallery. Every day the art pieces on one of the walls changed. Will could go to bed after spending a day starring at Van Gogh's auto portrait and wake up looking at The Scream. He still didn't know if they were authentic or not. One wall of the cabin was entirely dedicated to Doctor's office posters- the skeleton, public health campaigns about the flu shot, graphs of various systems… Another wall looked like a music store- every day there were new instruments for Will and his siblings to pick off the wall, plug into the amps under their beds and try out. The bunks were all in an adjoining room, separated by curtains that made music every time someone walked through. Those were all loft beds, with personal drawing or craft tables and music equipment under each. The floor was made of glass, and just under its surface books were lined up showing the spines of classic literature and children's books alike. By asking nicely, the floor would retract itself and you could pull these out. Swinging rope ladders led to trap doors, leading to attics in which you could practise your driving on stimulations (just in case Apollo decided to put you in charge of the sun chariot for the day), try out some of the sickest long-range weapons ever on the shooting range, or pray for a prophecy in a stuffy, perfumed room that doubled as a shrine. The ceiling had been autographed by famous children of Apollo, the names of Beatles, musicians, writers and singers acting as their own personal constellations. Will's favourite part of his intricate cabin? The fourth wall in the first room. The one with quotes and song lyrics all over it. Sometimes he recognised them from his mother's favourite poems or Will's most loved books. Sometimes he didn't and then he read a new book or listened to a new song. Either way, waking up in the morning or going to bed reading the new quotes on the wall –which he had a perfect view of from his bunk- was his favourite part of the day. And it became even better once he and Jake Mason started dating. A year without love is a year without summer. -Swedish Proverb "Will, I need the phone now," Mom called. "And I mean now even more than I did five minutes ago!" "In a minute," he called back. "Is that your mom?" Jake asked. His voice echoed through the receiver and it made Will's stomach flip a little. He hadn't been able to IM Jake since his reserve of drachmas had exhausted itself, and he'd missed him more than anything. Phone calls like these were rare since they required that Jake drive out to the nearest convenience store with a bucket full of quarters that he stole from camp's laundromat and his siblings. "Yeah," he said. "Apparently we've been talking for too long." "That's the kind of look that the cashier over here's giving me," Jake said. "Unless he's a really hungry Cyclops or something." Will laughed. "Hope not," Will said. "How would I be able to save your butt from this far away?" "Same way you make me love you even more from so far away," Jake suggested. Will smiled and laid down on his bed, looking at the ceiling. For a while the line was silent, but it was okay. Knowing that Jake was on the other side was good enough. "I'm not going back to school next year," Will said. "No?" "No. Too many monsters, not enough going on in class, my English lit teacher's the most uncultured swine I've ever met, and I miss you too much," Will said. "Well, all of camp really, but a lot of that is you." "If I weren't this selfish I'd tell you to pursue your education, but really who am I to-" The line went dead. Jake had run out of quarters. It always happened. Will smile and leapt up to his desk and fished one of the Orlando postcards from his top drawer. Hey jerk, I'm assuming you were going to finish that phone conversation with 'I love you'? I was. XOXO Will Romance is the glamour which turns the dust of everyday life into a golden haze. -Amanda Cross The sun was beating down on Camp as if they'd run over its dog. The forges' temperature had become too warm for the children of Hephaestus to work in without mass collapses, nobody had seen cabins 4 and 12 all day on account of their trying to save the strawberry fields, and most of camp's population was at the beach or dying in their cabins. Cabin Seven was at the archery range as per usual since very few of their people ever got heatstroke. Will wasn't one of those people, but he was still shooting at the targets. Eventually they gathered a crowd since they were the only moving and ergo remotely interesting people at camp, including a chunk of Cabin 9. Will winked at Jake from the side line once he sat down on the yellowing grass, and all of a sudden his aim improved despite the heat. Eventually he started shooting two arrows at once, shooting his sister Kayla's target to piss her off… "Will you shoot every day," Lee called out to him. "It's no big deal. Stop showing off because your boyfriend's here." Will blushed and he heard Jake laugh. I never saw light, never saw light All I saw were faded mirrors And dim reflections but You shine, you shine so much brighter, oh So honey let me sing you a song And listen to my words As they come out wrong, but don't Run away, run away, this time -Honey Let Me Sing You A Song, Matt Hires Will was sitting around the central hearth, playing his guitar. The little girl who always hung out there had told him that he played beautifully before disappearing. "Practising for tonight?" Jake asked, coming to sit next to him. "Yeah," Will said. "It's going to be a pretty awesome camp fire." "I don't doubt it," Jake nodded. His hands were studying Will's. "What?" Will asked. "Nothing," Jake said snapping out of some kind of reverie at the speed of sound. "No, tell me," Will frowned. Jake wasn't a daydreamer. He was a visionary, sure, but he always either sat down and planned things out or stayed anchored in the real world. "I've never… Well, I hear you play guitar all the time at campfires and stuff. But I've never heard you play on your own," Jake said. "I've never heard what you can make with your own two hands…" "And I've seen you in the forge a thousand times," Will said. Jake nodded. He picked at his guitar, tuning it, as his stomach churned. He didn't doubt his talent- he was nearly as good of a guitarist as he was a healer, and he knew that his voice was good. It was just… he was going to mess up just because he was in front of Jake, just because singing love songs to somebody was always harder than singing them for yourself. "Forgive me if I mess up," Will said, "But it's only fair that I sing you a love song, then." Jake smiled shyly and Will strummed for real. To love is to offer someone your heart strapped to a stick of dynamite; and trusting they never light the fuse. -Shakieb Orgunwall Finally they got to leave camp and have some fun. Notably, the Long Island Fair, which consisted of cheap food that would superglue your arteries together, traveling amusement park rides propped up one next to the other, cliché contests, pens of pigs and ponies and a whole lot of children with their painted faces distorted into screams. "Let's go on that one!" Will said pointing to the Ferris wheel, which had always been his favourite. "Let's... not?" Jake said softly. "Why not?" Will asked. Jake swallowed. "Can I tell you a secret?" "Sure," Will said. "I'm afraid of heights," Jake said. "What?" "I'm afraid of heights," Jake said. "Like, deadly afraid of them. Even the catwalks in the forge I can't handle." "Seriously?" Will asked. Jake nodded. "It all goes back to my dad. He got thrown off of Olympus as a kid, right? Most of my siblings hate heights and flying and..." he shuddered just talking about it. "Don't tell anyone, though. It would be disastrous for my cabin's collective fatal flaw to just come out like that." "I won't," Will said. They walked past the Ferris wheel for a bit. "You know, I'm scared of snakes. Like, super afraid of them- even the little plastic ones that the Stoll brothers always throw into Cabin 10 scare the life out of me. I don't like alligators and stuff either. And I'd give a leg to avoid bright lights." "The sun god's child?" Jake asked, arching an eyebrow. "I had a phase when I was a kid where I'd get seizures," Will said. "I can't even go bowling on Disco days." "Then we won't go bowling," Jake said taking Will's hand. "Those spinning strawberry things over there look cool." And so they walked on to check out how many tickets a ride in the spinning strawberries cost and determine if they were too cheap to spend their tickets on it. Your lipstick stains On the front part of my Left side brain I knew I wouldn't forget you And so I went and let you Blow my mind -Hey Soul Sister, Train "Hey soul sister Ain't that Mr. mister On the radio, stereo The way you move ain't fair, you know Hey soul sister I don't wanna miss A single thing you do Tonight…" Jake couldn't sing for the life of him but he was putting all his strength and power into these words, bobbing around to the rhythm. Will's grin split his face until he broke into laughter. The radio in the forge was on about twenty-four hours a day. When Will was in the forge, sitting on a stool and waiting for his boyfriend to wrap up a project and escort him to the campfire or watching him work or whatever, if they weren't talking, Will was singing along to the radio. Jake always looked at Will accusingly, telling him that he was being a distraction, or laughing at him. "I knew it," he said. "I knew there was a song that you couldn't help but sing. Everybody has a song like that!" Jake looked over his shoulder and grinned in defeat. "Yeah," Jake said. "Although that one only started after you asked