I'm going to be honest with all of you: I'm super nervous for the Beckendorf and Silena ship week entry because I don't want this year's story to be compared to last year's (which is, to this day, one of my proudest stories). But all of you are good, romantic little souls so I'm feeling better. Plus this story was fun to write. I hope that you enjoy the story! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below. The judges of the Underworld are all real. Living in Sin They say there's a heaven for those who will wait Some say it's better but I say it ain't I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints Sinners are much more fun... You know that only the good die young -Only the Good Die Young "A conundrum," Minos said. "Isn't that right gentlemen?" The judges of the Underworld nodded. It was true. "When the boy came by we swore we'd forward him straight to Elysium," Rhadamanthys said. "He requested that wherever he may go, he wanted the girl with him when she died. It was like he knew that she was going to pass only days later..." "Yes, but he didn't know that the girl was the spy when we made that promise!" Aiakos said. "Regardless, we agreed. And he probably knows by now- you know how the newly dead are, so eager to tap into the ethereal knowledge coursing through the Underworld…" Rhadamanthys said. "But he is well settled in in Elysium, isn't that what you said?" Aiakos said. " Can we put the girl in Elysium with Charles Beckendorf?" Minos asked. "I won't have it!" "She died a hero!" "After the life of a coward!" "A life full of mistakes which she admitted to us during our audience with her," Rhadamanthys said. "Besides, aren't I Lord of Elysium? Shouldn't I get to decide this?" "Gentlemen, gentlemen," Minos said. "I think that we could argue over this for hours. Unfortunately the war has created quite a line-up for us and we don't have the time. I suggest that we gather more evidence and then vote." "More evidence?" Aiakos said. That was rare. "Yes," Minos said. "Let's summon Mnemosyne, Titanness of memory, and ask her to show us certain memories of Charles Beckendorf and Silena Beauregard." "Can she do that? Usually we use the faith..." "Oh absolutely," Minos said. "We just need to give her a key word that she can search for." "And what words will we use?" Rhadamanthys asked. "I know," Aiakos said. "Words that they know better than to succumb to." Minos smiled, reading his mind. "The Seven Deadly Sins. Excellent." Envy "She went with Luke?" Will asked him, looking at the beach where a crowd was gathering in preperation for the f. He could see him, tall enough to stick out over the crowd, and if he looked for her he could even spot Silena's black hair. They were close enough to be holding hands. He nodded. His mouth was full of venom. He didn't like the way that Castellan looked at Silena. He looked at her like she was… plain . He didn't look at her glittering eyes or a smile on his lips and he didn't always listen when she talked to him. He treated her like she was disposable. Which, for a guy with a heartbreak track record like him, anyone was. Silena shouldn't be with someone like that. "I told you," Will said. "You had to ask her first. She's pretty and smart and she has too much love to give. I told you that you had to grow a pair and ask her. Now all that you are is jealous." "I'm not jealous." "Really?" Will asked. "In that case someone better tell the little green monster hanging out on your shoulder that it's lost." Beckendorf chewed his lips. "I'm with Mason for the night, but you could hang out with Fletcher," Will suggested. "Annabeth and Malcolm too- although I know that it pisses you off how she always lists out all the chemicals in the fireworks... I don't think that the Stolls had any huge plans either." "I'm going to go supervise the fireworks being set off," Beckendorf said. "Jake told me that it's all automatic," Will said arching an eyebrow. "Done by a specialised automa-" "I'll supervise anyways," Beckendorf said, turning around and breaking off of the mass of half-bloods. Pride "Yoooooooou like him," Drew said, dangling off her bunk, her hair flat against the ground. "Will you stop," Silena said as she reorganised her trunk. Again. She'd had her clothes folded up seasonally but that was all wrong. She had to do it by colour. Colour was the way to go. "I saw you with Luke at the fireworks," Drew said. "Most girls would give an arm to go with him. You weren't having fun." She'd changed her trunk from colour-coded to seasonal last time that she'd gone to some big camp event with a random boy that didn't matter. "Yes I was," Silena said. "Luke is funny." She shouldn't be so mean. She'd had a huge crush on Luke at some point, and he was nice. A good catch. Tons of girls had wanted to be in Silena's shoes last night. "Yeah, but most of the Hermes kids are, it doesn't mean he's special," Drew said. "He doesn't make you laugh as much as…" "Drew, stop." "You're being evasive," Drew pointed out. "That's not making you look all that innocent." "Drew." " Plus you've been cleaning since last night. You even did the bathroom. You always clean when you're upset. Come on. It's not even a secret that you and Beckendorf like each other..." " Drew." Silena said spinning around. Drew didn't even stir. "What?" She asked. "It's true. Admit it. Don't make me charmspeak it out of you." Silena turned around, frustrated and thrust a folded pair of jeans in the chest at the end of her bed. That made it messy. She picked the pants up and refolded them. "Why is this so hard for you to admit," Drew said pushing herself up. She propped herself on the bed like a mermaid. "You've had crushes before. Is it because he's Hephaestus?" "Go away." "It's not incest, if that's what you're worried about. Plus it'd be really cute, you know." "Drew I said go away." "My foot's broken, I'm on bed rest," she said. She examined Silena with critical eyes, as if she was reviewing an equation. "It is because he's Hephaestus. That's why you aren't making a move. Oh my gods, Si. Don't be that prideful." "I'm not being prideful." "Nobody in the cabin will judge or even remotely care if you go for a Hephaestus kid. Sure, most of them are disgusting, but Beckendorf genuinely likes-" "Drew Takana, I will break your other foot," Silena said losing her patience. Drew looked shocked. Silena never threatened anyone. "Suit yourself," Drew said. "But then I'll be on bed rest even longer." Wrath Silena was on the edge of a shouting match with a son of Ares by the volleyball courts. He hadn't heard them from inside the forge, but he couldn't miss them now. "If you ever go near my sister again I swear on the Styx I will end you," Silena said, fire in her eyes. "I'd like to see you try!" "Is that a challenge?" Silena huffed. Beckendorf had a vague idea what this was about. Lacy (that short and cute kid from Aphrodite with the pig tails, the one who always seemed to be helping someone out as if she was a futuristic robot servant) had been going out with a guy from Ares- Beckendorf hadn't really paid attention to which. Probably John since that's who Silena was yelling at. After they'd broken up, rumours had exploded that John had smacked Lacy when she'd told him it was over. Some people said it'd been going on before too. Chiron had no idea of course, but apparently Silena had all the evidence she needed. "I could literally go to Chiron with this and get your ass kicked out of camp," Silena said. "And then I could go to the cops and get you locked up. And then I could break into jail and murder you in your fucking sleep. " He'd never seen Silena this pissed, which wasn't saying much on one hand since Silena was so patient. But then again, it made this entire thing scary. "I don't have time for this," John said, squeezing disgust and belittlement in his last word. "What do you mean 'you don't have time'?" Silena asked. "What do you mean 'this'?" "For a little whore's crazy talk, I didn't do nothing!" John said. Beckendorf crossed the grass between the forge and the fields like nobody's business. He grabbed John by the back of the collar and pushed him against the volleyball net's post. "What was that?" Beckendorf asked. John's eyes widened. It occurred to Beckendorf that John had never heard him talk before. "Hey man, I didn't mean nothing to you, I-" "What did you call her?" Beckendorf said. John was trying to squirm out of Beckendorf's grip. He blubbered. Beckendorf pushed him into the bar more. "I think you insulted her. I think you're going to apologise." "I'm sorry, I'm sorry," John said. He was choking. "What are you apologising to me for?" Beckendorf asked. "I didn't mean to mess with your girl-" Beckendorf threw him to the ground. "She's not my girl. And even if she was, you apologise to her for calling her a whore, not me." Beckendorf said. "Make sure I don't see your face again. And that you stay away from her sister. Or I might not let go next time." John got up and scrambled off. The crowd moved on and took camp life with it. Fights weren't rare enough to be exciting, and no blood had been drawn. "Charlie-" Silena said touching his elbow, making the bangles on her wrist clink together. Her dark hair tumbled over her shoulders and her eyes were all on him. Her big crystal blue eyes- clear and honest and all on him right now. "Are you okay?" He asked. "I'm fine; he wasn't actually going to hurt me," Silena said. "He shouldn't talk to you that way. He's an ass." "That he is, yes," Silena said. She'd calmed down. "My main question is actually how are you?" "Me?" "Yes you, I've never seen you so angry," Silena said. "I thought you were going to snap him in two." "Me? You're the one who actually said that you were going to kill him." Beckendorf said. "Oh please, I don't have it in me to kill anyone," Silena said. "And I do?" She smiled. "You're too nice. You were angry earlier, but really you're a big softie," Silena said hip-bumping him. "Meanwhile, you're vicious," Beckendorf said. Silena shot him a look. "Anyways, thanks for helping me out." "No problem," Beckendorf said. "I didn't want to make a scene," she said. "All of this is already hard enough on Lacy, you know?" "Yeah," Beckendorf said. Silena ran a hand through her hair. "Fifteen years old and she's already gone through that," Silena said. "That disgusts me." "It's horrible," Beckendorf said. "I believe in my mother's powers, unlike a lot of people," Silena said. "I believe in goodness and beauty in the world and above all, in love. But when this kind of thing happens… sometimes I doubt it and I just don't see it anymore." She smiled at him and turned around, probably back to Cabin 10. Beckendorf grabbed his courage and called out after her. "I could show you," he said. "You know. At the fireworks, if you'd like." Silena turned around and smiled. "Could you now?" "I think I have enough to base myself on," he said bravely. Silena smiled. "I would like that,"