HAPPY CHRISTMAS IN JULY! HELL YEAH, EXCUSES TO MAKE GINGERBREAD IN THE SUMMER! For Christmas in July, I thought I would a) make it known that I am not dead and still interested in writing when I have the time and b) put a spin on one of my favourite fairy tales ever, The Little Match Girl- which is a lovely but horrible holiday tale. I say that, but it truly is wonderful and I need to wrap this author's note up before I start telling you about Hans Christian Andersen's revolutionary approach to fairy tales. I hope you all enjoy! Disclaimer: I own nothing. The Candlelight Girl So there was the little girl, walking along in her bare feet that were simply blue with cold. In an old apron she was carrying a whole lot of matches, and she had one bunch of them in her hand. She hadn't sold anything all day, and no one had given her a single penny… Lights were shining in every window, and out into the street came the lovely smell of roast goose. You see, it was New Year's Eve; that's what she was thinking about. -Hans Christian Andersen, The Little Match Girl Percy hurried down the sidewalk, anxious to get out of the cold even if he'd only step into the building for a second to pick up Annabeth and plunge right back. He pushed open the doors of Jacobs and Wilhelm, and the heat nearly hurt his ears as soon as it hit him. Annabeth was answering emails on her phone, leaning against a wall. She'd twisted her hair into a bun and put on a red dress for the office Christmas party, which left her legs bare from the knee down. She looked beautiful, but she was going to freeze. « Seaweed Brain, » she said looking up. She looked relieved to see him. The crease disappeared from her forehead fairly quickly, but Percy could tell. She put her phone back in her bag and crossed the floor. "You're freezing." "It's not pretty outside," he said. He kissed her nose. "You're cold, get off." "Happy Christmas Eve." He'd worked the graveyard shift and had only come home after she'd left that morning- not that he was complaining, if that was the price to pay to have Christmas off. "Happy Christmas Eve," she replied. "Did you find your early present?" "Oh was that what those pajamas and popcorn and socks and candies were wrapped up for?" Percy said. She elbowed him. "After we come from your mom's." "After," he agreed. "I hope you had a light lunch, because she's planning on feeding us until we explode." "I wouldn't expect any less," Annabeth said. She looped her arm in his and they plunged back into the cold. Percy had to walk a fair bit slower than he had to get there- Annabeth still took slow, careful steps. Just last week she'd slipped on a patch of ice and had torn her stitches. Of course, this meant he was even more frozen than anticipated when they got to Mom and Paul's apartment. Percy could smell supper as soon as they hit the right floor. The smell of fresh bread particularly got Percy salivating. « I've been waiting for this all day, » Annabeth said, a smile on her lips. She loved Christmas. Actually, it was more than that. Everybody loved Christmas, but Annabeth had learned to adore it when she'd spent her first Christmas outside of camp and with a family. When a stocking was hung specifically for her, when there was a tree to add her ornaments to, when somebody picked up on the casserole or dish she really, really liked and vowed to make it regularly. Percy knocked once and let himself in, shouting "It's us" into the apartment. Harper Jane turned the corner at a hundred miles an hour and threw her arms around Percy's neck, feet lifting off the floor. "Hey there," Percy said, squeezing his little sister into a hug. She was eight years old now, which felt unfair to Percy- that and how cute she was. She was currently wearing a red dress with a little white cardigan. Since she hadn't had school today, her hair wasn't braided back and the crazy blonde curls fell around her face, though bows had been pinned near her ears. "Janie, be gentle with your brother," Mom called from the kitchen. "You've only got one, don't break him," Paul said, scooping up Harper Jane. He hugged Percy and Annabeth both before taking their coats- which Percy thought was hilarious, since they basically still lived in this apartment and knew where everything was (and were not shy to help themselves to it all, either). "It smells great Mom," Percy said. "Come on Harper, let's go see what's going on." She put her feet on his and her arms up in the air, and he walked her into the kitchen as if he were a giant. Mom was pulling something out of the oven, as if the apartment didn't smell good enough already. He dropped Janie's hands to give Mom a hug and she kissed his hair and then hugged Annabeth and asked her about work, since Percy had spent the day sleeping and wrapping presents. He had never wrapped a present more than twenty-four hours before giving it in his life. He was lucky that Annabeth was indulgent, because he wasn't very good at hiding them either. They had literally been right under his bed. This year, that had been for the best. He'd found an ornament that he'd bought months ago. It had been a premature purchase then, and it had tied his stomach into a twist now. He'd hidden it right back underneath their mattress this time, and was just happy that he'd been the one to cry over it instead of Annabeth. Ever since Harper had been born and Percy had moved out, Mom had lost the fight with Mrs. Blofis regarding having to go to the Blofis Family Christmas Supper. She compensated with a Christmas Eve Feast of her own- there was asparagus, stuffed mushrooms, maple carrots, green beans, mashed potatoes, spinach puffs, some kind of artichoke tart that should have been featured on Master Chef, and a meat pie that was to die for. « See, this is why we still hang out here and won't ever leave," Annabeth said. "Thank you Sally." "You're welcome, sweetheart," she said. Mom was wearing her Christmas earrings- tiny gingerbread men pinned to her ears- and a warm smile. Harper had wiggled from her chair to sit on Mom's lap to eat her dessert, which was apple cider and gingerbread cookies that Harper had decorated to look like them. Mom kept an arm looped around Harper's waist as she dunked her cookies in a glass of milk, her legs kicking under the table. They looked so cute, so happy, so easily peaceful. Percy's stomach clinched a little bit, and Annabeth was looking at her plate. Once Paul was done with dishes and Harper had shown Percy the latest order in which she'd organized her stuffed animals, they opened their presents from each other. Harper made herself a growing nest of wrapping paper as the night went on. By far the best present Percy got was the World's Best Police Officer mug that Harper had made with some sharpies. She'd filled it with blue candy too- what a great sister. Harper was a big fan of the papermaking kit that Percy and Annabeth got her, and of the markers that they got- though she wasn't convinced that Percy was being honest when he swore that those markers would only work on Harper-made paper. Harper burned through markers and crayons like nobody's business. There was only one present that sat strangely, and it was a small package labeled to both Percy and Annabeth that nor Sally or Paul had seen before. Nobody said anything about it since Harper was there, so Annabeth unwrapped it and revealed a small silver matchbox. "This looks like an antique," Annabeth said. "Right, so it's from your father," Mom lied through her teeth. She ran her hand through Harper's hair. "Do you remember how Annabeth's dad is a history teacher, sweetheart?" Percy tucked the matchbox in his back pocket to get it out of the way. Harper fell asleep on Paul's knees while they finished their cider and watched Elf on TV. Paul woke her up so she could hug Percy and Annabeth goodbye, put cookies out for Santa Clause and put on her pajamas. "Goodnight, Mom," Percy said hugging her goodbye. "Goodnight, sweetheart," she said. She put something in Percy's hands- and even if it was wrapped in tinfoil, Percy was sure that it was Mom's eggnog cinnamon bread, their traditional Christmas morning breakfast. "Here you are," she said, embracing Annabeth now. "You don't need to come by tomorrow morning. Take some time to yourselves, okay?" Annabeth swallowed. Her eyes glowed for a second, like the icicles outside, and she nodded. Percy took her hand, but he wasn't sure that he was solid enough to help her out any. That was the worst part of all of this, which was saying a lot because the last five months had been some of the hardest Percy could have even imagined. "Alright," Annabeth said. "Happy Christmas, Sally." "And you too, sweethearts," Mom said. And then they were back outside, and somehow the night had gotten even colder. They didn't talk for a while, they just walked in the dark, hopping from one pool of street light to the next. It was the end of the day, and Percy could tell how tired Annabeth was in how small and slow her steps were. "Hey," Percy said, stopping in the snow. "How about we call a cab?" "I'm fine," Annabeth said. "The doctor said not to overdo it, and you didn't bring your crutches with you-" "I just said I'm fine," Annabeth said. "You need to take care of yourself even if-" "Do not finish that sentence," Annabeth said. "It's true even if I don't and even if you don't want to hear it," Percy snapped back. "Stop," Annabeth said. Something in her tone had changed and become more alert, which kept Percy from getting angrier. He listened for whatever had caught her ear, and he heard some coughing. His hand reached for Riptide, and he took a step towards the alleyway- the source of the sound- first, so that he could cover Annabeth. His heart leaped to his throat; she was not in any shape for a fight if it came to that. What they found in the alleyway, tucked behind a dumpster, was not as bad but more confusing. There was a child, wearing a tartan dress in black and red and greens, with blonde hair tied back in a French braid and soot on her face and neck and hands. "Hi there," Annabeth said carefully. Monsters had taken stranger shapes than children. When this one looked up, her eyes were dark like coal. "Hello," the little girl said. "Hello," Percy said. "What's your name?" "My name is Faith," she said. "That's pretty," Percy said. "How old are you?" "I think I'm seven," Faith said. "Cool," Percy said. "So you're in grade two?" "I don't go to school," Faith said. "That's… too bad," Annabeth said. "So where do you live?" The little girl looked around the alley and shivered. "You must be freezing," Percy said. He unzipped his coat and approached the little girl carefully. He draped it over her shoulder. "Thank you, mister. It wasn't so bad earlier," the little girls said. She had a little pile of kindle and twigs in front of her. "The fire just went out. Do you have any matches?" They looked at each other. "We have something better," Annabeth said. "Blankets, warm clothing, and heating. Come with us, we'll warm you