I can't remember the last time I was so late in publishing a birthday story! This is actually embarassing, but prom and graduation and becoming very good friends with vodka got in the way. I hope you enjoy this Maddi! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below, and I know that there are many different versions of the Hippocratic oath and that I may not have used the most recent one. Oh well. Dedication: M. A Lifetime of Promises Promises are only as strong as the person who gives them. - Stephen Richards Nico was sitting next to a couple of university bigshots, his palms clammy. The lights in the auditorium were too bright. There were just too many people. And then the moment of awkward silence between the naming of "Dr Amina Sarahd" and "Dr Oliver Sullivan" took his breath away and twisted his gut. He wanted to shadow-travel away, but Hazel's words echoed in his mind. There are things you will regret for the rest of your life if you don't do them while you've got a chance. He's gone, Nico, but there are still bits and pieces you can say goodbye to. Hazel had been spewing a lot of similar bullshit since she'd flown down to stay with him. And so Nico eased himself back into his seat as the master of ceremony announced that it was time for the Hippocratic oath ceremony. "Will the candidates for the degree of doctor of medicine for the class of 2022 please rise," the dean spoke into the microphone. They did. "For the last five years, John Hopkins University has given the chance for a single student to be sworn in individually in front of their pears, before leading their colleagues into swearing the Hippocratic Oath. To make this choice, the staff of our medical school relies on academic excellence, the demonstration of work ethic and integrity, and manifested talent." Nico took a deep breath. "This year, we are proud to announce that the selected student was M. William Joseph Solace." A polite round of applause, though slow and quiet from the stunned and confused students. "M. Solace was an intelligent physician, calm and composed, with a drive that has come to be legendary amongst his peers and professors. M. Solace presents an unmistakable talent for the art of medicine, and a passion with no equal. He roams the halls of a hospital as if he were born with a stethoscope around his neck and a scalpel in his hand. He is a good man in the storm, with a reassuring, authentic and steady demeanour that patients adore," the dean said. "We looked forwards to his career in medicine, and even more so to the career in surgery to which he aspired. Tragically, Will Solace's was a life cut short, and an enormous loss to every community, family and individual that this brilliant young man has touched. To celebrate this young doctor who fell short of his graduation by a mere two weeks in a violent encounter, we have invited M. Solace's fiancé to the stage on this day to read in his honour. Please welcome M. Nico di Angelo." The applause made Nico's skin crawl, but his hands crisped around the paperwork that they had prepared for him. He walked to the stage and the dean helped him adjust the mic after a handshake. Nico raised his eyes, looked back to his paper, spoke. He remembered to speak loudly and clearly. He remembered to pause so that the graduates could echo his words, the doctor's oath. " I swear to fulfill, to the best of my ability and judgment, this covenant:... I will respect the hard-won scientific gains of those physicians in whose steps I walk, and gladly share such knowledge as is mine with those who are to follow ." Will was kneeling in front of Ashia, his little sister, who was crying heavily. "Ashia, I don't even think I could have saved him after that second heart attack," Will said. "You didn't kill him, Ash. He just ran out of time while he was in your hands. It's not your fault, I promise it's not." Ashia's crying softened a bit. "You don't have to lie to make me feel better," Ashia said. "I'm not," Will promised. "I'm not. But if you're so convinced that you killed him, that's for you to work through. But let me show you how you can take care of someone else, this Roman guy with a drain in his chest that we need to watch for clogging. How does that sound? Are you ready to let go of Mimi for a little bit so that we can make sure that Dakota, this great guy who took a spear in the chest for Katie, can live?" Ashia took her glasses off, wiped her tears away, and nodded. Once he was done showing Ashia how to change a drain, Will peeled off his gloves and tossed them in a rubbish bin. Nico was leaning on the doorframe. "You should be in bed," Will said. "Watching you teach is much more interesting," Nico said. "Is she going to be okay?" "Ashia?" Will said. "Oh, yeah. The first person you lose is always… the hardest." That looked a little hard for Will to say himself. He took a deep breath. "Who was yours?" Nico asked. "No idea," Will said. "This emmancipated twelve-year old kid who stumbled over half-blood hill with a celestial bronze bullet in the chest. Probably a runaway from the Titan army. She was really pretty, with this long golden hair and blue eyes like those Greek beaches on travel posters. It was winter and I was the only healer at camp, but too young and not good enough. I worked on her for two hours before she died. My sister Dianne, she was the best healer then, flew back to camp and stole a banana from the kitchen so that she could show me how to do stitches. I gave stitches to twelve people during and after Capture-the-Flag that night." "That's why you showed Ashia that thing," Nico said. "Everything I know, I learned from Dianne Felix," Will nodded. "You know what else she taught me?" "What?" Nico said. "The importance of bed rest, Nico di Angelo- go." Nico snickered. "This is no laughing matter," Will fussed. "Go, go, go!" " I will apply, for the benefit of the sick, all measures which are required, avoiding those twin traps of overtreatment and therapeutic nihilism ." "You are spoiling me rotten," Nico said. "You've seen me like this before..." "Yes," Will said. "And I don't like it at all." Nico leaned back into all the extra pillows Will had lugged to the bedroom for him. Will put a plate of bacon and eggs on his knees -along with a glass of orange juice and a bowl of fruit salad, because Nico was dating a doctor and every meal he ever ate was balanced. Except for McDonald's, there was no making that one work. "I had to shadow-travel cross-country to meet my sister's baby and it's a bit exhausting, but not terminal, Will," Nico said. "So should I take the bacon back?" "God, no," Nico said snatching a piece from the plate, just in case. Will laughed and sat down in bed, laying down Nico's feet in his lap and massaging them. "So, tell me about this Zhang baby," Will said. "Oh my God, Elisa is too cute for words," Nico said, throwing his head back into the pillows. "Give me my phone, I have pictures." "I will remember that there is art to medicine as well as science, and that warmth, sympathy, and understanding may outweigh the surgeon's knife or the chemist's drug ." "Pick one," Will said presenting two grocery bags to Nico. Nico gave Will a look, but the latter was unresponsive. "Let's go. Pick one." Nico toed one of the bags, and so Will emptied it out on the floor of the Hades cabin. A soft-looking blanket, an enormous bag of Skittles, a pack of Myth-O-Magic cards, a Happy Meal, one of Will's sweaters that had a stain on the shoulder (and ergo probably hadn't been washed and still smelled like him), and an old black-and-white movie from the 1930's just because Will knew that they made Nico feel warm and fuzzy whereas gun-pow special FX colour movies intimidated him. "You picked the feel-good kit," Will said. "We'll save the relaxation kit for later. Anyways, let me into your cabin so I can make you feel better." "What?" Nico asked, holding out his hands and halting Will by taking his wrists. Will tilted his head to the side. "Your sister's death anniversary is coming up and you've been acting low and in all honesty, I was getting a bit scared that you'd run for the hills," Will said. "So I'm just going to make you feel better and at home here instead of dealing with you on the run. Or I'm just going to make a space for you to feel okay for a little bit. Whatever works best for you, okay?" "Okay," Nico said, stepping aside and letting Will in. "Does it really bother you that much? When I just go away?" "Of course it does, Nico," Will said. "I worry about you, and where you are and how you're doing. I wonder about you. I miss you." "Oh," Nico said. "You don't have to." "Well I do," Will said. "It would be the absolute worst if I lost you without saying goodbye one day just because I thought you were off on a stroll through the shadow lands or whatever you call it. I wouldn't want to miss that chance." The idea took Nico by surprise. "I promise I'll always come back," Nico said. The corner of Will's lips twisted upwards. "I will not be ashamed to say "I know not," nor will I fail to call in my colleagues when the skills of another are needed for a patient's recovery." Nico was trembling. "Don't tell me I'm cold," Nico said. "Just- just don't, okay? Because anybody who's taken ten seconds to look at me can say that, and I thought you were different." "I'm sorry Nico, but that's what it is," Will said. "I don't get it and I don't like how shifty this gets. When I hold your hand, it hurts when you rip yours away. When I talk to you, I like getting an answer- even if it's just 'I don't feel like talking, Will'. When we fight and you shadow-travel away, it makes me feel worthless. When I say I love you, I want you to say it back when I know you mean it." "I don't want to talk about this," Nico said. "Well I'm sorry, but you're going to have to," Will said. "Do you… do you even want to be with me?" "Yes!" Nico said. "I don't want to be having this fight but yes!" "I don't feel it," Will said. "And that kills me because I want to be with you so badly, but you get so cold…" "I don't mean it." "That doesn't change how it makes me feel," Will said. "I can't change overnight Will, I'm trying really hard to be better at lasting and touching and knowing people but it's not easy," Nico said. "Again, I don't feel it," Will said. "I'm sorry." "Oh no, now I'm sorry," Nico said. "I'm sorry you can't tell how hard I'm trying to make things right. Tell me, would you rather be as messed up as I am? I don't even think you know how bad that is, you just know me because you know the stories people say. But do you know what it's like to have zero childhood? Do you know what it's like to have to replace your parents with your big sister- and to spend your