Last day of ship week! Awwwwww... As my username may suggest, I'm a big fan of Hecate and an even bigger fan of her demigod children and how their interactions, behaviours and powers work. This story is the first that I'd written for this occasion, but the amount of requests for these two I've gotten has surprised me. So to those who have been asking all week; here is your Miranda and Lou Ellen story. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below. Dedication: Maddi? I'm pretty sure you suggested this pairing like a month ago? I don't know man, you suggested a thousand things. Even if you didn't suggest it, I hope you enjoy it. *For those who are wondering who this Maddi to whom all the stories are dedicated, she's the girl who talked me into writing a story a day for Slash week, so if you like these you've got a chicken to sacrifice to her or something. Maybe Magic Take a lover who looks at you like maybe you are magic. -Frida Kahlo "Wow," Lou Ellen heard. The surprise nearly made her lose her connection and focus and she just about dropped the flower she was holding. Well, not exactly holding. It was floating a few inches over her fingertips… At first, she was scared. It wasn't just because of the overwhelming auras that Lou Ellen exiled herself and hid behind camp's armory to do magic. Above all else, the other campers didn't like magic. Most of them were scared since there hadn't been a huge population of Children of Hecate at camp since Salem in the 1800's. They only knew Children of Hecate and their magic from their experience with Kronos' Army- which Lou Ellen was ready to admit wasn't the sweetest beginning. Some were openly hostile and very honest about how much they disliked enchantments and potions, actually. But the girl watching her didn't look like she would or could hurt a fly, and her aura was a nice, buttery yellow colour. Lou Ellen liked yellow; it was happy, it was optimistic, it was friendly. "Hi," she said cocking her head to the side. "Didn't mean to scare you." There was a tint of green in her aura too, around her fingers most importantly. Nature, health, luck. It was present, but not enough to be her main temperament. Just enough to tell Lou Ellen that this girl was a daughter of Demeter. Well, the dirt beneath her fingernails would have given it away too. Her hair was a soft golden colour, and her eyes were a bright and popping apple green. She was wearing a pair of overalls, a Camp shirt and she was barefoot. "I just… I think that that's cool," she said nodding her head towards the flower. Lou Ellen frowned and the blossom fell back in her hand. "It's not very impressive. It's just a simple levitation spell with a…" "I think it's cool," she said. "My name's Miranda Gardiner." "Lou Ellen Bhatnagar," she said. "Can you use that spell on bigger things?" Miranda asked. "It wasn't a spell," Lou Ellen said. "A spell requires words and much more effort. This was more of an enchantment. Easy and harmless magic that you can do nearly subconsciously perform with only your own energy." "Oh," Miranda said. "I didn't know there was a difference. Sorry. Can you do that enchantment on bigger things, then?" "If I were well rested and in the mood, I could lift up the entire Big House," Lou Ellen said. For a second she expected Miranda to run away screaming since that was the kind of thing that Lou Ellen usually only boasted about to her siblings. Instead Miranda grinned. "That's wicked." "Not as wicked as this," Lou Ellen said. She unfolded her hand and the flower laid flat in it. By opening and closing her other hand she had the flower opening and closing, opening and closing, opening and closing… like an oyster. "Wow," Miranda said, truly blown away. Okay, maybe she was being a bit of a showoff. But Miranda's honest and plain amazement really did make Lou Ellen happy. The conch horn blew. "Ice cream!" Miranda grinned. After the Titan War, the counselors had broken down Chiron's willpower and after exactly 27 years of hard work and bloodstained petitions, had managed to make Sunday Sundae Bars a thing at camp. "Are you coming?" "No," Lou Ellen said. Miranda arched an eyebrow. "You… don't like ice cream?" The truth was that Lou Ellen had gone to the first Sunday Sundae Bar, willing to take one for the team and represent the children of Hecate's "integration" into camp, and had realised that everyone was there with a friend. There were no planned seating arrangements like at meals, and so Lou Ellen had ended up sitting next to Clovis, who was snoozing away in a pile of whipped cream and sprinkles. "I do, I just… don't go to Sunday Sundae Bars," Lou Ellen said. "Well you have to," Miranda said. "Come with me. My sister's the one who dishes out the sprinkles, so we can probably get extras." Lou Ellen was truly confused. This girl not only thought that magic was cool, but she also wanted to eat ice cream with her..? Maybe she'd read her aura wrong. Maybe Miranda was a daughter of Hermes and this was all some horrible joke… Whatever. Extra sprinkles won her over. Somehow Lou Ellen found herself drifting to Miranda and Miranda always found Lou when she was doing something magical- fixing the hinges on her cabin with a flick of her fingers, showing her younger siblings how to make drachmas disappear and reappear behind somebody's ear or in their back pockets or under their tongues… It made Lou Ellen uncomfortable at first, to have Miranda watching her. But soon she realised that Miranda wasn't malicious in any way. She just loved magic. She wasn't scared or spying on the new campers or making sure that no children of Hecate set the camp on fire. She just loved magic. She liked being amazed. She liked not understanding what she was seeing, and was okay with it. And so Lou Ellen told Harry and Dell and Jean Eugène and all her other siblings to relax and to let Miranda watch. They told her that Miranda only watched when Lou was doing the tricks, but she didn't believe them at first. Katie was home for the weekend, and so Miranda was the counselor for Cabin 4. Right now she was watching over Mary Lennox, the youngest camper (age 8) who was currently getting a private archery lesson with Will Solace. Lou Ellen had come to join her, sitting down next to her at the edge of the archery range, and they were talking. "Lou Ellen, I have a question," Miranda said. "Shoot," she said. "No pun intended." Miranda smiled. "Alright, so I know that you're not a parlour trick magician and I know that you're very serious about your art but I just wanted to know…" "If I do card tricks?" Lou Ellen guessed. Miranda bit her lip. "I get that a lot," she shrugged. Miranda nodded. "Sure," Lou Ellen said. "I do. I love cards. First magic I learned was card manipulation. It's classic, it's cute, the mortals love it. Watch this." She got up and took a pack of cards from the back pocket of her jeans and pulled them out of the pack, shuffling them. "I'm shuffling them, right?" Lou Ellen asked. "Yeah," Miranda said. "Tell when you think I've shuffled them enough." "Okay… umm… now." With a quick and elegant gesture, Lou Ellen spread them out in her hand, the coloured side facing Miranda. "Pick one," she said. "Don't let me see it. Just take it and memorise it." Lou Ellen started cutting the pack and putting the top pack behind the other over and over- a Hindu shuffle. That was the first thing she'd learned as a child, how to shuffle cards properly, cleanly and neatly. "Tell me when you would like to put your card back in." "Now," Miranda said. The cards froze in Lou Ellen's hands and as soon as Miranda's card was back in the pack, she dropped the top pack back down. "Can you do a bridge shuffle?" "I can't do any shuffle," Miranda said. "Hmm. I'll teach you later. Hold your hands open and I'll do a shuffle on them, then." Miranda obliged and Lou Ellen shuffled the cards. "Still remember your card?" "Yes," Miranda said. "Good," Lou Ellen said, picking up the pack and putting it back together neatly. "Alright, so give me one hand now." She put the pack down on Miranda's palm. "Alright, so now I'm going to give you back your card which is the eight of hearts," Lou Ellen said flipping the top card to show Miranda her card. Miranda's jaw dropped and she accepted the card that Lou Ellen gave her. "Oh my gods, that's insane!" Miranda said, getting overly excited about a simple card trick. "Oh my gods, you need to have another pack of cards on you…" "Search me," Lou Ellen said spreading her arms. Miranda patted Lou down and turned her pockets over, only to find a bottle cap and a few drachmas that she'd won over a bet. Then she demanded that Lou do the trick again, which Lou Ellen never did (you never did the same trick twice, because that's when people started really looking for an explanation), but since Miranda was nothing but bright-eyed excitement, she made an exception and obliged. Lou successfully detected the three of spades, the five of diamonds and the queen of hearts twice. "Okay," Miranda announced. "You just weirded me out." "Oh, sorry," Lou said. "Let me make it up to you. Okay, here's your first card- the eight of hearts. Now put your card back in, in the center of the pack." Miranda did and Lou shuffled again, enjoying the look of awe on Miranda's face. A few half-bloods were stopping by, wondering what the excitement was. "Lilly," Miranda said. "Violet. Come here! These card tricks are insane!" They came closer, and with them came three sons of Ares. Lou Ellen swallowed. She didn't like anyone but Miranda seeing her do magic. "She just keeps finding the card I pick and now she's doing something with the eight of hearts-that's my card, by the way, the card she always fings," Miranda blurted. Lou spread out the cards in her hands, all facing down and told Miranda to touch a playing card. She did, and when Lou flipped it over it was the eight of hearts. Miranda beamed, and Lou Ellen refolded the pack, not touching any cards. "It seems to like you," Lou Ellen said. "The eight of hearts. Look." She flipped the card on top of the pack and Miranda just about squealed when she saw the eight of hearts on top of the pack. "Here, try to get rid of it. Put it back in the center of the pack." Miranda did and Lou riffled them and snapped her fingers. "Okay, now check the top." Eight of hearts. As if it'd jumped back up to the top of her pack. "Miranda, I said to get rid of it," Lou Ellen said. "I did!" Miranda said. "Well clearly not, it jumped right back to the top of the pack," Lou Ellen said. "Okay, let's try this again. Hide it in the pack again… let's give it another shuffle…" Lou Ellen snapped her fingers. "Okay Miranda, here are all the cards spread out… touch one…" Miranda did, and Lou cut the deck so that that card was on the top. She snapped her fingers and flipped it to show Miranda the eight of hearts again. "Okay, we need to try something else Miranda, I'm going to put this card on the ground and I want you to