Hello! First of all, Merry Christmas to all! However, the holidays can be a bit of a rollercoaster depending on where you are and how you are and who you're with. Thus the inspiration for this story (that and the fact that you guys simply adore Percy-as-a-Dad stories from what I can tell). I hope you enjoy it! Disclaimer: I don't own the universe and original characters of the Percy Jackson universe. Dedication: F, L and Mx, my Christmas miracles (who happen to follow me around on the 364 other days of the year, much love) Maggie Jackson's Absolutely Awesome and Completely Happy Advent Calender Percy hadn't ventured into parenthood thinking I'm gonna name my child Magdalen. Personally, he hadn't. But when a half-blood single-handedly took down a drakon outside the hospital where your child was being born, and that they withered away from their injuries in that same hospital's ICU after telling you during a visit that they would have named their daughter Magdalen after the great-grandmother that had raised them, had they lived longer… You went with it. So yeah. Magdalen Leia Ekaterina Jackson was their child's mouthful, nightmare of a name. Maggie was, in short, Percy's life. She was a dream that had come true against all odds and she was a little ray of sunshine and a set splash of freckles and fluffy dark hair and a sliver of silver irises and a knack for puzzles and multicolored shoelaces and a thousand other things that he had memorised about her. Maggie liked kayaking with him, she loved popcorn, she liked when he made funny voices while reading stories, she liked olives (ironically), and her favourite colour was green. And above all, she loved Christmas. She started talking about it as soon as November 27th came around, while they sat around a heaping pot of spaghetti for supper. "Daddy?" Maggie asked as he cut her noodles for her. "Yup?" Percy asked. "What are we doing for Christmas this year?" Maggie asked. "Umm, I don't know Freckles," Percy said. "We're probably going to have dinner at Grandma and Grandpa's, we'll go to Chiron's Christmas party…" "But we're going to make it cool, right?" Maggie said. "Of course," Percy said. "We are cool, Freckles. What makes you ask that?" "It's just that last year we were so busy being sad for mom… this year has to be a happy Christmas." Percy's blood chilled. Ah. Yes. Of course this was going to come up. Maggie was her mother's daughter. She was too smart to let things go, to miss patterns and not anticipate them… This didn't mean that Percy was ever ready for her bursts of honesty or her deep, deep questions or her too-old observations. Mom always said that Maggie was an old soul in a young body. It broke Percy a bit, being able to go through Maggie's life and pinpoint the exact moments when she'd aged a hundred years or become so perceptive. "I think that last Christmas needed to be a little sad," Percy said. "There's no use keeping the yuck in when you're not feeling right and that you lost someone you love, right?" "Right," Maggie said. "But we don't have to be sad this year, right?" "I don't think so," Percy said. He kissed Maggie's hair. "Look, I... I know that last year was sad, but don't worry about this year. It'll be an awesome Christmas, Maggie. I promise." Monday, December 1 st Percy woke Maggie up slowly and left her to pull on the striped leggings and the green shirt she'd picked out the night before. The morning was under control and going smoothly with breakfast underway, when Maggie stumbled into the kitchen and saw the new decoration. "What's that?" she asked, rubbing her palm to her eyes. "It's an advent calendar," Percy said. "You know, when you eat one chocolate a day until Christmas?" "Uh huh," Maggie said. "But this one's different." It was. Percy had strung red yarn across the living room wall, and had used clothing pins to hang an army of envelopes above Maggie's head. "That's because you get more than chocolate this year, Freckles," he said as he set down breakfast at her spot at the table. Toast with strawberry jam, cut into rectangles and not triangles because his daughter was a heathen. The orange juice had no pulp, which was Maggie's redeaming quality when it came to breakfast. "Every envelope is something that we'll do to make Christmas awesome." "We'll do... twenty-four things?" Maggie asked, taking a second to count. Her eyes were bright and her mouth was hanging open. "You bet," Percy said. "It'll be awesome." And it'll make up for all the things that have happened to you, and all the things you missed. "Trust me." "So what's today's thing?" Maggie asked. "Open the envelope with the number '1' and then you'll see," Percy said. Maggie sprung to the task and was even happier to find a little chocolate with her note- which Percy had written on a square of green cardboard. "Write a letter to Santa Clause," Maggie read out. "Good idea! That way we'll be first!" "We have to wait until after school and work," Percy said. "That's good, though. You have all day to think about what you want to write, and you can bring your colouring pencils back from school to colour. Now come sit down so I can do your hair, breakfast is ready…" Percy sent a picture of Maggie's letter to Piper and Jason and Reyna and Frank and Hazel and Grover and Malcolm and Magnus and pretty much everybody on his contact list. Dear M. Santa Claus, My name is Maggie but maybe my name is Magdalen Leia Ekaterina Jackson on your official list. I hope you have had a nice year. Thank you for the train last year I had lots of fun. Even my cousins liked to play with it. The glitter ball in my stocking was also lots of fun even if I broke a vase on accident. Daddy said it was an ugly wedding present, so it doesn't not matter if I breaked it. This year I would like a Lego Death Star. If possible I would like the one with 3803 pieces and not the one with 125 pieces because it will take me longer to make and me and my dad can have more fun with it. I promise tat I will take care of it even if I am not 14 like it saiz on the box and even if sometimes I am silly. I will be careful with my glitter ball so I do not break it. If that is too big, I really liked the smelly markers from last year and used them so much that they don't smell anymore. I think my dad would like a new bag for his scool things because his bag now has a lots of duct tape on it. I think that is unprofessional but he says it is ok but could you still see what you can do? Maybe he also needs something fun. Grandma's oven mitts have a hole in them so she needs new ones before she gets hurt. Grandpa is nearly finished his book so could you write a new one for him? Thank you very much. Say hello to all the elves and I hope they have a nice vacation after they mak all the toys. I promise to leave cookies for you and carrots for the raindear. Yours sincerelly, Maggie Jackson PS- In case you did not know my mom does not need Christmas presents this year either. I know for sure that she is not coming back now that you could not do it last year. She really liked her present the year before. It was a really good last one. you always know what is best. Percy cropped that last part out of his picture. Tuesday, December 2 nd Maggie gasped when she found the tiny scarves and tiny mittens and pebbles and buttons in her second envelope. "We're going to start today?" Maggie asked excitedly. "After school," Percy said with a matching grin. "Oh but Daddy, I can't wait that long!" Maggie said clutching the miniature scarf. Since Percy was a sucker, he resolved himself to leaving Maggie's hair down and messy for today and figured that he'd drop off Maggie and her breakfast at his parents' house for today and look so cute that they wouldn't mind feeding her before dropping her off at school. The two of them stepped on their teeny tiny porch and scraped the snow off the railing to start the snowman family. Every year they made an army of snowmen to decorate their porch. Sometimes they even had to ask their neighbor, Madam Zusak, to keep some of the snowmen on her porch when they ran out of room. Sally thought they were adorable and had made tiny, doll-sized winter gear for the snowpeople. A green hat like Maggie's, a blue scarf like Percy's… A few years back, she'd made a Darth Vader cape, and Annabeth had crafted a helmet with an egg carton, some black paint and her probably-magical glue gun. Maggie had stolen a red napkin from a restaurant and after discussing how unethical that was, Percy had transformed it into a cape for Little Red Snow-Hood. For this morning, they made a Percy and a Maggie, and part of him was relieved that Maggie had called it a day instead of making a snow Annabeth too. It was a good sign, right? It showed that to Maggie, reality was fixed for her… At any rate, it meant that Percy wasn't too late for work, though he would have been more than happy to explain his lateness to his students with a picture of Maggie holding her snow-Maggie in her cupped, mittened hands. He was such a sucker for her, it didn't make any sense. Percy was thrilled. Wednesday, December 3 rd They sat at the kitchen table with bowls of popcorn and cranberries to string together. Percy was just popping more corn since they always ate half of it during the process, when Maggie squealed: "Daddy look!" Knowing Maggie, this could mean a number of things, so Percy was rather quick on the ball when he spun around. Maggie was pursing her lips to balance one of the garlands under her nose. "I have a moustache!" she squealed with delight. Percy burst out laughing, and when the microwave beeped and Maggie jumped so hard that the garland fell to the floor and sent all the cranberries and popcorn rolling- he just laughed more. "How about we cut snowflakes, Freckles?" Percy said. "Sounds much less complicated." Thursday, December 4 th "Alright Freckles," Percy said. "Do you remember the rules?" Maggie nodded solemnly. "Alright, so our time starts…" Percy said as he portioned out the rest of the hot chocolate into cups. " Now." He punched the timer on his phone. Maggie immediately made a grab for the rainbow sprinkles, like she did every year in her quest to make banana split hot chocolate. Percy worked more diligently. Every year they emptied the pantry and tried to invent the absolute best hot chocolate possible by elevating regular powder. It would become the National Hot Chocolate of the month, and that's what they would drink on Christmas-related special occasions. Last year's winner had been a hodgepodge of hot chocolate made with chocolate milk, sea salt and whipped cream. It was going to be hard to outdo- but Percy and Maggie had to try. Annabeth always thought that this Christmas tradition had been disgusting, especially when they'd nearly poisoned themselves with chili-pepper and hot-sauce cocoa when Maggie was four, but she drank funky stuff with lavender and white chocolate chips in it, so what did she know? Percy's favourite had always been hot chocolate with Bailey's in it, but