IT'S SLASH WEEK! I've been looking forwards to this for a long, long time. I was so proud of seeing that the ship weeks finally had a slash week. And it just so happens that I have a friend who was also very happy about this and who has enough bad influence on me to talk me into writing one story for every day of Slash Week. Yeah. This is so happening. I have four out of six stories already written and I have various concepts laying around although I am missing a couple for August 15- so feel free to suggest things in the reviews. I decided that we should start off with Hylla and Kinzie because as far as femslash goes, they pawn. Enjoy! Dedication: Maddi, that little bugger Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below and I am unashamed of using Avril Lavigne as an epigraph. Complicated Why do you have to go and make things so complicated? I see the way you're acting like you're somebody else Gets me frustrated Life's like this You, you fall and you crawl and you break And you take what you get and you turn it into honesty You promised me I'm never gonna find you fake it No, no, no -Avril Lavigne Kinzie swept Hylla's hair over her shoulder. "What?" she said. "It bugs you when your hair's all over the place under your helmet. You just won't say it. You like being macho." Hylla smiled and put her helmet on. "You look so strong," Kinzie said. "So powerful… and so stupid." "I had to do it," Hylla said. She took Kinzie's hand and rubbed her thumb over her palm and looked down at her manicured nails before meeting Kinzie's eyes. "You had to challenge Queen Elena's authority over the Amazon Kingdom?" Kinzie said. "You had to- to get yourself wrapped up in this duel to the death for the crown? You just got the cast off your leg last week Hylla you…" "Nobody should talk to you like that, even if you're her secretary. Nobody should get to hit you either," Hylla said recalling the boiling rage that had overtaken her when she'd seen Elena smack her assistant, who just so happened to be Kinzie, across the cheek when she'd fumbled a coffee order. Kinzie looked like she was going to call Hylla stupid again, but instead she got up on her toes and kissed Hylla. She didn't step back after their lips parted, she lay her head down on Hylla's chest. Hylla loved this. She loved how they never fully pulled back from kisses, unless they were stolen ones in a factory hallway or on a training course. Kinzie's soft hair was just under Hylla's nose, she smelled like the exotic fruits that had dotted Circe's island, except a thousand times sweeter. "I'll make sure nobody ever gets to mistreat you again, make a slave out of you," Hylla said. "Whether I become the new queen or not." "Don't talk like that," said an Amazon named Shanyka who had been one of their best friends since Hylla had gotten to the Kingdom. "You totally gonna be queen. Now get that butt out there and slay the bitch." Hylla picked up her sword and ran her thumb against the blade. As suspected, Kinzie had sharpened it for her. Hylla kissed her on the cheek once more and then went to fight for her life. And won. If this didn't make Hylla feel incompetent, she didn't know what would. The fact that on her first day on the throne, she'd survived her battle and a brief on proper attire for an Amazonian queen, but she couldn't figure out the clasp on Hippolyta's belt. She'd been a dresser on Circe's Island for a while, she'd helped Reyna with stuck zippers for as long as the kid had lived, she'd figured out and improvised complicated sailor knots on Blackbeard's ship but she couldn't get the stupid belt to clasp. She wasn't going to lie; this was panicky. Some Amazons would see it as an omen; others would just scoff at her stupidity if she couldn't get the stupid belt tied on… Whatever it was, she had to get it under control. She hissed. She should've asked Kinzie to stay close when she'd come by this morning, wearing her work clothes (including the pencil skirt that Hylla loved ) and speaking in the polite business tone that she would address any queen by. Kinzie had to know how to do this, right? Oh goddesses, what Hylla wouldn't give to have her swoop in right now... Hylla fumbled with the buckle some more and finally it snapped together. She had no idea how, though. So she'd be in the exact same boat tomorrow morning… She sighed. At least she'd avoided that struggle for a little while. It was a bad sign that getting dressed was so complicated, wasn't it? When Hylla showed up in the office framed by her two new personal body guards (which were starting to really get on her nerves with their constant proximity), Kinzie was already there. Hylla had expected this; she knew what Kinzie's job was, though she'd always been stationed in customer service and marketing. Kinzie was always in the Queen's quarters, ready to plan schedules like a secretary or arm herself with patience and vigilance like a guard. "You can wait outside," Hylla told the guards. "Let me know if someone needs to see me." "Yes Milady," the guards said kneeling before closing the office doors behind Hylla. The office made Hylla dizzy. One wall was entirely glass, beautifully offering a view of Seattle. The rest of the walls were crisp white; one had a few black bookshelves propped against it and a digital map of the world showing the span of the Amazon Kingdom as well as some other mythologically relevant places, and the wall over the door had televisions on it, all displaying security feed from elsewhere on the property. A black rug was carefully straightened on the floor. Hylla's desk was placed so that she had her back to the windows and could face the screens. Chairs were placed in front of it for greeting guests. Live plants hung from the ceiling and Hylla really hoped that it wouldn't be her job to take care of those, because she killed every plant she touched (supposedly most children of war did once they got claimed). Just looking at the office made Hylla think of herself as a corporate tycoon, which was probably the point. "Good morning, Milady," Kinzie said bowing her head softly. "I've cancelled most of the meetings for today as to give you time to get settled in, but you do have an appointment at 4:30 with a representative from the Distribution Center about some fraud that had to do with the new machinery orders. Here's the file on the current inquiry on that, though you are free to start from scratch." "Okay," Hylla said. "Thank you." Kinzie checked that off her clipboard. "Also it is customary for a queen's first meal in the office to be spent with her cabinet -that is, four members of the last queen's court and eight members that you selected. I've made reservations at a restaurant downtown called Paisley's, and have printed a copy of their menu. If it seems unsatisfactory I can make other arrangements." "That won't be necessary," Hylla said, not even taking the menu from Kinzie. "Very well, Milady," Kinzie said. "Also at 9:00-" "Kinzie," Hylla said. "Enough with the 'milady'. I'm Hylla to you. Hills, even. I don't care if you call me that when we're at work." Gods know they'd called each other kinkier things. Kinzie bowed her head. "Very well m-," she caught herself. "Hylla." Never had her name sounded so foreign in Kinzie's lips- which was slightly chilling. Kinzie and the body guards at her side, Hylla got a tour of the property. Of course, she'd given these tours before. This was purely symbolic. People were checking her out. Checking for wrinkles on her crisp black pantsuit, a hair escaping from her sleek ponytail, a wobble in her step, a drop in her posture… They were looking for the damage that had been inflicted during her duel- notably a black eye that Hylla had made no attempt to hide since, well; the entire kingdom had seen her receive it. In general, nobody looked grossly disappointed with her. Then again, the people working in the distribution center were considered to be 'low' on the Amazonian Food Chain. Her precedent, Elena, had probably hit and slaved them just as she had done to Kinzie. Only a few people looked at Hylla completely miserably, and those were the men in their jumpsuits and collars. "Are they making you uncomfortable, Milady?" one of the guards asked, following Hylla's gaze. "Of course not," she said. "I'm just looking at that one. He has a cut on his face. It looks infected. Is it a work accident? Why hasn't he been tended to? Healed?" Just as her party started examining the wound she pointed out, one of the conveyor belts stopped working altogether, its fuse blowing with a pop and a small plume of smoke. One of the men was holding handfuls of wires- the culprit. Seeing that he was caught, he grabbed a baton from a nearby guard's belt and swung it around as he started kicking boxes around. He yelled something that Hylla couldn't make out because one of her guards tackled her to the ground just as one of the men tried to steal a sword from a worker and basically got knocked out by a steel-toed kick to the jaw. "Are you alright, Milady?" the guard said helping her up once everyone had been handcuffed and the guards had ordered the rest of the prisoners into silence. "Yes, thank you," Hylla said. "What was that?" "Best we get out, Milady," the guard said again. "Kinzie," Hylla said. "Can you go tell the Chief Guard here to treat the prisoners gently and justly? I'll want to talk to them later- particularily to the one who started the action, and to the man with the cut." "Your Highness, that's impossible," the guard said. "They'd have to pass through five levels of clearance and-" "It doesn't matter," Hylla said. "Skip the clearance. I'm talking to these males tonight, whenever Kinzie can find time. Workers don't just burst into violence for no reason unless there's been some kind of wrongdoing, and I'd love to know what went wrong." The guards nodded and escorted Hylla out. "The men were treated badly under the last queen's reign," one of them said. "There have been rumours of a possible rebellion-" "A rebellion?" Hylla asked. The men who came to the Amazon kingdom did so (mostly) willingly. Some of them were the spouses of Amazons. Some of them were cultish enthusiasts. Kinky suckers who couldn't get their kicks any other way. Indebted demigods who gave years of service as opposed to money. Only a few were prisoners of war. They came in to the kingdom knowing that they'd be treated with inferiority, but so disdainfully and brutishly to cause a rebellion… She didn't need this right now. Things were hard enough. "The papers you requested," Kinzie said handing Hylla a file. She was starring at the ground- a bad habit of Kinzie's, given her shy nature. "Hey," Hylla said. Kinzie didn't look up, she just stopped moving towards the door. "Kinzie, look at me," Hylla said. Kinzie looked up at Hylla, and that was the first time she'd seen her girlfriend's almond eyes in a while. "Are you okay?" Hylla asked. "Yes," Kinzie said quietly before scurrying from the room. Hylla wasn't convinced but she couldn't put her finger down on why Kinzie was upset and what kind of gloom surrounded her. Hylla put a form down. It