Who's ready for another headcanon about what's going to happen to Hazel after Blood of Olympus? YAY! Originally this story had a super awesome climax involving Nico lying about organising a slumber party, but I really don't know how to approach that and so I just made the mechanics of this entire story more complicated and I hope that you'll like it anyways. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below. PS- Also I feel like I have to apologise for, you know, not writing ship weeks anymore and generally dissapearing from the site. Most stories are ready to go, I just need to finish one and then publish them in order. Pinky promise. As for my general dissapearance, well, a girl's got to pass even when her french teacher sucks and she sucks at math. Also I work. Also I have other stuff going on. My bad. Maximum Security Hazel switched sitting spots though she didn't have many options. The bed, the tiny plastic chair in front of her tiny desk, or maybe the tiny tin toilet if she was desperate. Her cell was small and plain as could be. The only variations of colour were the black of the window frame (a window that Hazel didn't get a view from), the blue of the sheets on her bed tray and the silver of the toilet bowl. The rest of her world was creamy walls, creamy floors and a tiny cream coloured flap on the shut door through which her meals were passed to her. The fact that her window had no view had baffled Hazel at first, especially since she'd so admired the windows on the Argo II that could show images from anywhere the Seven wanted to see. But she'd gotten used to it. There weren't many things to observe and be puzzled about, but she'd gotten over the window. She'd figured that it was the quickest way to get over the fact that she was locked up. She didn't know how long she'd been sitting in the room for. She knew that she'd been stripped of her weapons and put into the shrub-like prison uniform that she'd lived in ever since on August 13th, the day after the War with Gaia had ended. When Pluto had started cleaning the world free of ghosts and had turned to Hazel, who had escaped for nearly a year and hadn't been brought back to the Underworld despite her multiple encounters with Underworld gods. Most ghosts were shoved back into Asphodel, Elysium or the Fields of Punishment, or wherever they were from. Hazel was an exception. She'd been put in a Maximum Security holding facility, somewhere under Pluto's imposing castle. Just to make sure that she wouldn't use her powers as a child of Pluto to get out again. So far, so good. Hazel hadn't figured out a way to get out of the room, and she didn't think she ever would. Even her door was never opened- her meals were passed to her through a tiny trap in the door. The one time that Hazel hadn't returned her plate and cutlery to the door –when she'd hid her fork under her bed- she'd been gassed while they came in, sacked her tiny cell, and found it. She hadn't caused trouble since then. The Doors of Death had been an embarrassing moment for Pluto, just after he finally got his throne on the Olympian council. Of course, it wasn't his fault. But though nobody had said it out loud, but some gods blamed him for not resisting to Gaia more. To add to the problem, Hazel had broken a pretty big rule by escaping- and Nico had broken an even bigger one, as a claimed son of Hades, by helping her out. Now she was paying. But it was okay. It was good to pay for what you took. A platter was jutted out towards Hazel and she looked up. "Lunch," a cranky sounding guard said. The bowl was full of alphabet soup, framed by a freshly pressed sandwich. A tall glass of water and a sliced apple completed Hazel's meal. She sat on her bed tray, propped herself against the wall and put the tray on her knees. She went in for her first slurp of soup when she saw what the noodles were spelling out for her. ESCAPE. She frowned and realised that another strand of noodles were writing out the same word. ESCAPE. Twice? It was strange, but it shouldn't have spooked Hazel as much as it did. She hesitated before dipping her spoon in the bowl and swirling it around, mixing the broth and the letters and the noodles. Three seconds later, the letters were back in order. She should have been able to eat her soup anyways without feeling sick to her stomach and moving on to her sandwich. Maximum security prisons in the Underworld were probably different from maximum security in the real world. Down here, she had no contact with other inmates. Didn't know any other inmates- or even if there were other inmates around. Who else was so bad that they were too much of a handful for the fields of punishment, but not bad enough for Tartarus? She didn't have any kind of exercise room or yard here. No radio, no nothing. The window on her cell wasn't even a proper window. She was isolated and alone. Which was her punishment for having tried too hard to meet new people up above. That, and the horrible pang and guilt and longing that tore through Hazel every night when she dreamed of the war with Gaia, her adventures on the Argo II, her training with Lupa, her quest to Alaska, and even the good old days when she and Frank had nothing but their centurions and spare push-ups to worry about in the Legion. Yeah, Hazel smiled sadly. The good old days. "You get a special treat today, Levesque," a guard in a hallway said. She hadn't been called Hazel since August 13th. Only Levesque, and occasionally they only deigned to call her by her prisoner number- 5193. The guard shoved a newspaper through the trap door. Hazel uncurled herself from her bed and went to pick it up, hoping for a crossword. The first paper she'd gotten had had a cartoons and games page in it, but the last one hadn't, so the jury was still up for how this would go on. She didn't even have time to look, the first page caught her eye. Well, the headline did. For starters, it wasn't what usually made the headlines. Secondly, it was a weird headline for the guards to let her read. CULT ACCUSED OF HUMAN TRAFFICKING ESCAPES FROM JUSTICE BY FLEEING TO GUATEMALA. Lunch was late. Hazel noticed these things since there was nothing else to notice, and though she was dead her stomach was growling. She was pretty sure that it'd been exactly a week since she'd last had chicken, so today was chicken nugget day. That was the best day. Hopefully there would be plum sauce too, but as long as she had her chicken nuggets she could improvise. She heard footsteps in the hall and her stomach growled. And then she frowned because the steps broke off into… two sets? Three? And there was shouting involved. Her door burst open and Hazel shrieked and backed up onto her bed. She knew that this day would come. She'd given Pluto a few more years before the novelty of having a daughter wore off and he cast her into Tartarus like most prisoners, but whatever. She had to fight it. How could she? Actually, why would she? It would be futile in the end. Luckily she didn't have to work all those questions out at once because between the two guards that had been thrown into her cell, there was a girl wearing a sharp white blouse tucked into a pencil skirt, her feet squashed into high heels and her hair tucked into a sleek ponytail. She smiled when she saw Hazel. "Gods, I'm glad we found you," Annabeth said. Hazel was too shocked to reply, but eventually happiness and pure glee took over. She just about screamed as she leapt across the room and threw her arms around Annabeth's shoulders. Her shampoo was still lemon judging by the smell of her hair, she looked sharp and clean and curated and professional, carried a huge portfolio bag across her shoulder, her eyes were just as alert as ever… She hugged Hazel back. "Oh, if you're happy to see me…" Annabeth said softly. The guard to her right pushed up the facemask of his helmet and smiled. The scar above his lip curved. Jason. She hopped from Annabeth's arms to his and Jason basically lifted her from the ground squeezed her tightly, as if he wouldn't let her go. Like a protective big brother. She let go and started asking a flood of questions. "Why are you here- where did the uniforms come from- how did you- Annabeth the skirt…" Someone cleared his throat. The second guard. Frank. Hazel froze and just looked at him. She could believe seeing Jason or Annabeth. She could buy that. But Frank? That was just too crazy of a dream. If Annabeth and Jason disappeared and they ended up being one of the furies' pranks, fine. But if she lost Frank again… Screw it she didn't care. She wanted his arms, his hugs, his kiss actually to be 100% perfectly honest. She took a step towards him but that second, Annabeth clutched her ear and grabbed Hazel's shoulder. "Sorry loverbirds," she said. "We have to get going. You guys can make up for lost time later." "Going?" Hazel asked. "Going where?" Annabeth pulled her Yankee cap out of her bag and flattened it over Hazel's curls. She looked down at her own hands but saw nothing. "Isn't it obvious?" Frank said. "We've come to break you out of prison." Leo could finally take a breather. Thank gods. A lot of this plan was actually riding on him. For starters if the telepathic headpieces that the seven of them were wearing failed, all communications would be down and there was a high chance that the plan would go to a deeper part of Hades (since the plan was all about going to Hades anyways). Secondly, if he messed up while trying to mess up the Underworld's security systems, alarms would blare and every single god and soldier in Hades would drop whatever they were doing, forget the distractions they'd set-up, and zone in on their little rescue mission. Thus making it fail. He tried not to be nervous. They'd been planning this operation for nearly a year. Hazel had been taken into Underworld Custody on August 13th of last year, the day after the Giant Wars had been won. The day after that Frank, who hadn't said a word to anyone since, had gathered Nico and the Seven and said 'we have to do something. But for us, not for the world this time'. Today was June 15th of the following year. They'd worked so much on it, worked out so many kinks… it had to go right. Leo couldn't wait to see Hazel. Losing her again would be heartbreaking. He hacked into the Underworld's security cameras to calm himself down. He'd blowtorched the two skeletons who'd been guarding the control room to get in, which Leo didn't feel too bad about since they were already, you know, dead. They'd just been spinning themselves around on their wheeled office chairs, here in this room full of cameras and radios. Leo checked up on all the gods and monsters of the Underworld. Each of Cerberus' heads was chewing on its own red rubber ball. The second that they'd determined that all Underworld gods had to be neutralised for the course of their rescue mission, Annabeth