Hello! So I started brainstorming this piece around Rememberence Day, but then I got sidetracked by my life, but since today is International Puppy Day- I gave myself a kick in the butt to finish this. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own anything. But as far as I'm concerned, until the Trials of Apollo comes out my service dog au is canon. Dedication: Service dogs and therapy animals everywhere- certified or not, stupid dogs and picky geckos and steady turtled and curious hamsters and tanks full of fish and pirouetting newts help us with life. (I've had some weird pets okay) Man's Best Friend "Taking care of our veterans is a cost of war. If you can spend six trillion dollars sending people to war, you can spend a few billion dollars taking care of them when they come home." -Sen. Bernie Sanders Everything about Percy but the hands grasping the sword was shaking. He was hyperaware of his surroundings like whenever there was a fight- sure, but the hole on the knee of his school uniform felt bigger than it was. The pearls of sweat collecting on the base of his neck and forehead felt colder than they could possibly be. He felt his heartbeat where his Adam's apple should be and his stomach where his feet were. He'd gotten them all, he thought. Hellhounds had just started traveling in organised packs, but he'd sliced down about five- which was what he and Annabeth had calculated as an average pack size… He should be safe? He didn't feel it. Five hellhounds. It wasn't very hard to deal with, nothing to write home about unless anyone asked him specifically how his day had been. He'd done it before and he'd probably do it again. But still, he trembled like a leaf and the tear in his uniform really bothered him. Couldn't he walk home from school once without any kind of divine intervention or rude interruption? Thank the gods that Annabeth had some kind of calculus club or whatnot and that he hadn't stopped at her school to pick her up yet. Since his pants were ruined, he wiped Riptide's blade against the hem to try and clean the blade as best as he could. Hopefully he could get the blood and ichor off his hands, if not he wouldn't exactly be able to discreetly take the subway. Maybe Annabeth could meet him at his mom's house? He should probably walk off the jitters and shakes before getting home, anyways. Mom would worry. He was looking around the alley to try and find something else to wipe his sword against when a sharp bark pulled him back to reality. It was a normal dog, not a hellhound, but it turned Percy's attention back to a duo of dracanae that were flying at him out of nowhere. "You killed a friends friendsssssss," the first one hissed. Percy sidestepped and kicked her into a dumpster, like putting leftovers in a Tupperware and abandoning them in the fridge for a bit, before tackling the first one. Again, the fight wasn't really hard. None of them were anymore. But he still had to do it. It'd be better if he weren't shaking and if his control was better, but he sent the two monsters back to Tartarus in under five minutes. He didn't even try to clean Riptide this time, what was the point? He didn't want to cap the blade either. Just in case. He double-checked the alley a second time to make sure he was alone. The dracanae had said that she was jumping Percy for her friends. Did she mean the hellhounds? Annabeth's going to have enough cows to bless Hera, Percy thought. First the monsters travel in packs, now they're crossing the species barriers to collaborate. Fuck. That's how he spotted the dog; black and white with long, matted fur. She was probably some kind of shepherd dog based on pictures he'd seen, but Percy had never had a dog. "Hey," he said. "Thanks for the heads up, there." The dog sat on her haunches and panted happily, looking at Percy. She was quiet now, and Percy had an uncomfortable gut feeling that…. That the dog had known, somehow . He looked behind him. He was pretty sure that this was actually a dog- he'd been using Thalia's tips and tricks to punch through the mist ever since the War. She was pretty cute, anyways- which had nothing to do with whether or not she was a monster, but definitely made Percy more inclined to check her out. "You alone out here? Come here," Percy said kneeling down. The dog looked more than happy to oblige and she let Percy rub the back of her head without hesitation. She even leaned into his touch. She didn't have a collar, and Percy could feel knots in her fur. She was filthy- and alone. "You're such a good… girl, yup, girl," Percy said. "Where are you from?" She didn't answer (thank god, Percy couldn't afford his day to get worst), just panted happily and cuddled up to Percy. "You're so scrawny and boney," Percy said. "I'm gonna go ahead and say that you're not from anywhere specific…" She looked at Percy with bright eyes, and he did a rash thing that he'd never done before. "Come on," Percy said. "Let's at least get you somewhere warm." When he got home, he wasn't shaking anymore. He didn't even have to tell Mom about the fight. He just had to explain the dog. It wasn't that Percy wasn't the kind of impulsive child who'd have brought home bugs in jars or tadpoles in a waterlogged Ziploc. It was just that he'd never brought home a stray dog, much less one for which he had a bath and a meal and a bed already planned by the time he got home. So once she was reasonably sure that the dog didn't have rabies, Sally let him follow through with his plans, intrigued about where her son was going with this. When she stepped into the bathroom with some towels, she found Percy laughing and laughing and laughing. He was creating bubbles of water and launching them across the bathroom, watching the dog take off from one end to another, trying to snatch them out of the air. "I'll clean up after," Percy promised when he saw Sally. His hair and uniform pants were soaked, he'd tossed his school polo in a corner. He was so distracted by the dog that he hadn't even bothered to make himself waterproof. "Don't worry about it," Sally laughed. "Glad to see you two are having fun. Is she clean yet?" "Oh yeah," Percy said. "She's been good for ages. She just wants to-" The dog pawed at Percy's chest and made him topple backwards and laugh harder as new, paw-shaped water marks blossomed on his shirt. "She just wants to play." Sally laughed along and put the towels on top of the toilet. She didn't want Percy to see her face, he'd call her out on smiling a "Mom smile". The kind of happy, but also a bit sad, and ultimately knowing smile of a mom who always had a little more going on in her head. When Percy had gotten back from California and Italy and Greece and gods knew where else he'd been dragged, he'd been bubbly and happy and chatty. He stole pancakes from the service plate when she made them, show her YouTube videos that Piper talked about and left messes around the apartment. He acted a bit too happy. A bit too childish and carefree, when he first got in. There was a regression, Sally thought, as the adrenaline of the summer and the happiness of being home gave way to bigger demons that were much harder to beat. She knew that nightmares were a bigger issue than usual, she'd noticed unprecedented wavering in his monstrous appetite, she'd seen him startle and jump at loud noises… A new set of habits based in fear, habit, paranoia, insecurity, hyperawareness… Sally would lie if she said that she didn't know what was going on, she'd been unable to tolerate the smell of even the finest wines for a long time after getting rid of Gabe. But it was so hard to bring up when Percy didn't want to hear it- which was understandable since every single attempt he'd made to talk about the summer's quest and wars plunged him in an even worst state than before. "Hey, thanks for answering the door, Seaweed Brain," Annabeth said swinging into the bathroom. She frowned as she zeroed in on her soaking boyfriend and the strange new dog. "I was busy Wise Girl," Percy said. The dog looked even happier to see Annabeth before, like, hey a new person! She even had the manners to shake the dampness out of her fur before jumping on Annabeth. Of course, they were all soaked anyways, but nobody seemed to mind. Percy laughed louder, and Annabeth abandoned all resolve at this point to also kneel down and pet the dog as well. Sally watched them both, crouched on the tiled floor. And Sally thought that maybe the dog could do better than Percy's plan of she-can-sleep-in-the-spare-blankets-and-have-the-meatballs-from-the-spaghetti. "Can you set water to boil for the pasta?" Sally asked Paul as she put her coat on. "Sure," he said. "Where are you off to?" "The pet store a block away," Sally said. "This dog's going to have to eat while she's here." Sally came back with a jumbo-bag of kibble. "She may stay a while," she explained to Paul. Thankfully, the dog was a pretty quiet type. Percy had rushed home from school as soon as he could to check on her. She'd been locked in his room, and from what Percy could tell she'd spent the day sleeping on his bed or playing with the tennis balls he'd left for her to find as last-minute toys. Same as she had yesterday. She'd been more than content to follow Percy around from the second she saw him again, insisting to be petted and played with and bringing tennis balls to him. Percy moved the water bowl to the kitchen and gave her more food and settled down to try and do homework despite the dog's whining. But who was he kidding. The dog was a lot more fun. Later that evening once Mom and Paul were home, he actually did settle down for homework. Paul was playing footsies with the dog while he corrected tests. He really couldn't get much done, however. It was raining out and the constant drip of rain drops made Percy uncomfortable and awkward and jittery from his spot in the living room. "Percy, get up and walk around if you need to," Mom said. "I'm fine," he said trying to focus on whatever the hell it was that Hamlet was doing. When the thunder started, Percy lost his cool. It was too much. He'd always hated thunder, even as a kid, and suddenly it was everywhere just like during the final battle and just like during the storm and just like during the- during the- "Percy, breathe." Just that kind reminder suddenly made Percy realised that he couldn't breathe either and that was a very good reason not to be calm and boom, the thunder started again… The dog suddenly started jumping around his foot, playing footsies with him instead. Percy tried to kick her away, and she bounced right back, pawing at his foot like it was a game. And it was a game, that Percy was more than happy to play instead of think back to that storm on the Argo II, when Jason had gone underwater, gods of Olympus, he could have lost him, gods drowning was horrible… The dog hopped onto his lap, pushing his copy of Hamlet to the ground. Percy sunk into the couch