Hola! So because Rick Riordan has me wrapped around his little finger, I am SO EXCITED for The Trials of Apollo, which are coming out in April. I considered writing a fanfiction about the possible quest et cetera we'd find in that book, but I ended up writing this instead- which shows that no matter how excited I am, I am also terrified. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I own nothing. You can pretty easily type in 'Trials of Apollo sneak peak' and find a snippet of the first chapter to read- which I recommend you do. That's where the characters of Meg and Apollo come from, more or less. Show Me a Hero Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy. -F Scott Fitzgerald « Have you even tried doing anything on your own before coming to track me down? » Percy said. "Or is calling me and stalking my parents' apartment automatic now?" "This is serious," Apollo said. "I need your help on this and it's the least you can do to repay me for everything I've done for you." "Everything you-" Percy walked away, scratched the back of his head and took ten deep breaths, and turned back. "You're a god. You've been to Camp Half-Blood before, you know how to get there." "Not without magic," Apollo said. "Though my powers will be fully restored in 7 days, if my father knows how to keep a promise…" "Don't you have any drachma on you, or did you leave that in your spare toga? You could hail the Grey Sisters' cabs and-" "Please," Apollo said, wrinkling his nose at the mention of that infernal taxi. "You said it yourself. I'm a god." Percy Jackson looked discouraged. "My cousin's at Camp. Jason's a great guy, he can help you out and he's probably super bored without an entire legion to run anymore-" "He's my brother," Apollo said. "That's just awkward." "I can think of a few more awkward things," Percy mumbled to himself. His eyes landed on Meg, the terrified looking half-blood Apollo had picked up on the streets. Speaking as the guy whose mom had been kidnapped by a minotaur on his first day as a demigod… He couldn't just leave her at Apollo's delusional mercy before she was even claimed. "Mom," Percy called out. "At what time is Paul getting home? Also do you think he'd let me borrow the car?" "A car?" Apollo asked. "What, do you think we all have sun chariots on demand?" Percy asked. "Besides. I washed that car last Saturday. It's the cleanest it's ever been." Percy was going through his closet to find something small enough for Meg to wear -spare Camp shirts, outgrown baseball jersey, hoody shrunken in the dryer, leftovers from his girlfriend, that kind of thing- before setting her up for a shower. Apollo had been told that he could wait, and had been told to wait specifically on the living room couch and not to touch any of the books littering the living room, lest he lose someone's page or ripped out a Post-It. "There's a lasagna in the oven." A woman wandered out of the kitchen where she'd been hiding out since Apollo and Meg had crossed her threshold. She had changed from her smart work clothes to a pair of well-loved jeans and an enormous cardigan, though her hair was still elegantly pinned up, and she was nursing a cup of tea. It took a while for Apollo to associate her voice to the woman who'd buzzed him up, and even longer to associate this sweetheart of a woman to Sally Jackson. Sally Jackson, semi-legendary figure who periodically appeared in Olympian gossip to this day as the woman who enchanted Poseidon right out of his oaths before you could say doomsday prophecy. Woman who'd admirably raised a Child of the Big Three and lived to tell the tale. "I have a lasagna in the oven," she said cautiously. "Were you and Meg going to need some food as well?" "That won't be necessary," Apollo said. "Percy will be bringing us to camp as soon as the car arrives." "I see," Sally said. "And after that?" "I suppose he'll be coming home," Apollo said. "No," Sally said grinning at her shoes before looking back up. "With all due respect, I've dealt with gods before. What's going on?" Apollo didn't reply much. Mortals didn't often need answers from the gods. "I never ask," Sally promised. "Percy tells me everything in his own time- it's better for him, it's healing in a way. If he can't control the things that happen to him over and over, he can control the conversation. But you talking him into bringing you to camp is going to lead a more, you wouldn't be here if it didn't and there's… there's something in the air." "You're strangely perceptive," Apollo said. "I see through the mist," Sally said. "I know that something's wrong, and you're here acting like a god and making demands like a god, but without the aura of an Olympian. Not even a minor god, or a demigod. You look mortal to me. Something bigger is happening. Just tell me, is it dangerous?" "We won't know how it will be until much later," Apollo said. Sally nodded anxiously and took a sip of tea. "He made the swim team this year," Sally said. "Well, 'made'- that was never the hard part, it's just that he never cared enough to try out before. He got an 89% on a biology test the other day, it's on the fridge. He got a promotion at work, he's Head lifeguard on Monday nights and Saturday mornings. He took his girlfriend out to dinner the other day and they came back home without having to unsheathe a single weapon. He and his friends played lazer tag the other day and the sounds and lights didn't make him think of the war. He had a blast and his score card says that he was the top-ranked player of his game- that's on the fridge too." "That's nice," Apollo said politely. "It is," Sally said. "It's more than we have ever hoped for, for him. I know that it's all trivial, mortal things to you and that within a century you won't even remember him, much less me, but Percy's mortal life is still a life. And he's living it well; my son is so happy right now. Please… keep him safe. Bring him back to his biology tests and early morning shifts." Though not all mortals with the sight could additionally see the future or manipulate the mist, they all seemed to border along the edges of all these skills. Once Apollo got Meg and himself to Camp it took about an hour for Chiron to declare a quest, unprecedently led by a god, and Apollo immediately said that he would bring Percy and Meg with him to look for the missing Oracle. Luckily they had a good, solid list of places they could check. "They know about the missing oracle already," Apollo said. "And I mean, that's not news that I want going around." "It's a school week," Percy grimaced. But Rachel Elizabeth Dare was his friend, and so he found a child of Hephaestus to drive the Prius back to New York, and said he had supplies in his cabin and if they left tomorrow, he might make it back in time for his shift that weekend- which was his way of saying "why yes, I would enjoy the unimaginable honour of questing with Lord Apollo!" And so they were off! A quest! How exciting! The poets were sure to commit this adventure of his to paper and create the newest epic! "Just like the good old days," Apollo grinned. "Why, I haven't had a good quest since I led the Trojan armies!" Meg mumbled under her breath: "And Homer said: 'Sing, O muse, of the rage of Achilles, son of Peleus, that brought countless ills upon the Trojans' …" Apollo and Chiron looked at her both. "Sorry," Meg said. "I read a lot, libraries never kick you out, and my memory's pretty good. I know lots of quotes." Percy burst out laughing and Meg smiled shyly. What a winning cast of heroes! What a thrilling task! It would be an instant classic, Apollo could tell. The first day of questing had been disheartening, to say the least. For starters they'd had to take the train like lowlifes, and the only reason they were off of it now was unfortunately not a happy turn of fate but because of a very, very large scorpion that had forced them to jump off in some sort of suburb. Who knew that it took only a few seconds for monsters to track down powerful half-bloods and blow up all their equipment? It was a good thing that Apollo had been holding onto his bow, and that Meg seemed particularly attached to the spear she'd woken up with at Camp- perhaps a gift from her unusually silent immortal parent? Apollo bet she was a child of Aphrodite, that lunatic always took forever to claim her offspring. Questing was decisively funner in the good old days, when the only thing sneaking up on you were some good old Aecheans in those big wooden horses. "Water," Percy said. "Dehydration is worst than going hungry." Meg, veteran street kid that she was, nodded and pushed a strand of blond hair from her face. " Water is the driving force of all nature," she said. "Who said that, Meg?" Percy asked looking around. "Leonardo di Vinci," Meg said. "He was a child of Athena," Percy said. "I trust children of Athena, as a rule. Sure, sometimes they get obsessive and power-hungry and egotistical and they have a tendency for insanity or drug addiction, but they're always brilliant. My girlfriend's one." "I thought Poseidon and Athena hated each other," Meg said. "Did you read that at the library too?" Percy asked with a grin. Meg looked incredibly different after showering- her eyes were clear, her hair shone, her features looked just as sharp but less… hungry? It made her look a lot less scared and a whole lot saner. "There," Percy said, leading them to a square house, smartly lathered in blue and white paint. He and Meg hopped the fence and wandered to the house. Percy twisted off a watering hose and turned on the spout, splashing cool water in Meg's cupped hands. "Seriously?" Apollo laughed. Percy swallowed his gulp of water. "You're mortal too, now. You've never had to interpret anything your body's ever told you, but you need water. Meg, pass the water bottle?" "Is there not a maybe nicer -oh, I don't know- a fountain, perhaps?" Apollo said. "' It is not the strongest or the most intelligent who will survive but those who can best manage change' ," Meg recited. "Leon C Megginson." "You heard Leon C Megginson," Percy said. "Get over here or I'm bringing the water to your face myself." Night drew nearer and they were set up in the basement of an abandoned farm house a long, long walk away from their farm house. "You're sure you can handle first guard?" Percy asked Meg, like a big brother might ask his little sister if the sketchy boy holding flowers at the door was causing her any trouble. "For sure," Meg said. "I mean, I've been sort of useless all day, you're the one who needs to sleep, I'm not much good at fighting…" "Hey, it's your first day at being a demigod," Percy said. "We've all been there, and you're doing great. It'll get pretty dark though, your main job is to keep the fire going. That's not a fun one on your first night out…" " 'The oldest and strongest emotion of mankind is fear , and the oldest and strongest kind of fear is fear