So in this giant extravaganza of one slash pairing for every day of ship week, it's about time that I write some slash. Probably one of my favourite ships though they have no cannon interaction is Malcolm and Mitchell. Love and wisdom is a funny mix, kind of live love and war. So of course I wrote a story about these two losers. Enjoy! PS: In the reviews, I'd really appreciate it if you guys could suggest some future pairings for Ship Week because I've got all the rest of the stories written and conceptualised, except for one. Fair warning: I don't do Percy+Nico. Everything else I'm game to try, but not them. Disclaimer: I don't own the characters portrayed below and the universe that they frolic around. Dedication: Maddi Ship Week: Slash week. Next week: Friendship Week. Seven Prototypes Malcolm's father was an environmental engineer, an inventor. He'd invented water purifying systems that cost less than five dollars to produce, had designed fully functional homes the size of a shed. One of Malcolm's favourite places to be was perched on a lab counter and watching his father make things out of nothing, and looking at his hero in wonder. But he always told Malcolm not to mistake the awards for easy genius. "Nothing's easy, Malcolm," he said. "Socrates was forced to drink hemloch. The Wright brothers and their associates made around 100 planes and crashed most of them. Edison had more than 10,000 prototypes for the light bulb." The huge gaps in the numbers made Malcolm's head spin. "So how many times does it usually take to get an invention right?" Dad scratched the back of his head. "Usually the university cuts my funding after seven prototypes that don't work," he said. "It means that there's a flaw in the basic research or that not enough planning went in…" He shrugged. "You could get it right on the first time, or you could get 10, 000 prototypes. But I like seven. Seven prototypes and then it's time to move on for a while and come back to it later." Malcolm nodded. It was only five short years later that Dad announced that Malcolm was going to go to camp for the summer. "Like in a forest?" "They have a beautiful property." "I don't want to," Malcolm protested. "I want to take that internship at the university." "That'll be for another time," Dad had said. "This camp's important." Dr MacCallum was smart. Malcolm was twelve; if the monsters hadn't started now, they'd start soon. They lived in Boston, which wasn't far from camp compared to some demigods that Malcolm later met, but it wouldn't be a fun trek if an emergency happened. He'd rather prevent, and so Malcolm had had an easy introduction to the demigod world. Well, nearly. On their way to camp, Dr MacCallum pulled over and jumped out of the car. He had his hand over his eyes, as if he was looking at something far away. Malcolm peeked out the window and spotted a guy running for his life, wearing ripped clothes and clutching the straps of his backpack. "We're going to camp!" Dad called out to the kid. The kid looked up and his face brightened. Dad ducked back into the car and slammed the door. They drove slowly. "Malcolm, when that boy catches up I want you to open the door and move over so that he can jump in," he said. " What?" "Pardon." " Pardon?" Malcolm corrected. "You're smarter than that," Dad said. "Do as I say." And so Malcolm did. As soon as the boy jumped in, Dad slammed his foot on the pedal and the car shrieked down the country road they were taking. The boy was panting. "Thank you sir," he said. "I'm grateful. So grateful actually, that if you're another one I'm just going to let you eat me." Which made zero sense to Malcolm. "Malcolm, give that boy your water bottle and check if anything's coming," Dad said. Malcolm did as he was told and peeked out of the back window. A bunch of defeated looking women were banging their… spears?- against the ground. By paying attention to the spears, Malcolm suddenly saw something horribly wrong with their legs. "Are those..?" "Dragon ladies," the boy said after chugging half the water bottle. "Ugly suckers…" Malcolm frowned. "He's not lying, Malcolm," Dad said gravely. "I'm a lot of things, but I ain't no liar, sir," the boy nodded. He held his hand out to Malcolm. "My name's Mitchell. Mitchell Oach." "Malcolm MacCallum," he said. Mitchell had a farmer's tan, an abundance of strawberry blond hair, and a failing Southern drawl. Malcolm couldn't decide what colour his eyes were strangely enough. He had cuts and bruises all over his arms and his limbs looked like spaghetti right now, absolutely collapsed. "You're going to Camp Half-Blood?" Mitchell asked. "I thought it was a science camp," Malcolm asked, looking at the car mirror where he got a glimpse of dad's serious blue eyes. "I may have fabricated some of the details about this camp," Dad said after a second. Malcolm's jaw dropped and he was about to protest, but Mitchell put a hand on his. "Don't sweat it," Mitchell said. "At least you got a ride and a map." Malcolm and Mitchell were claimed as sons of Athena and Aphrodite on the same day, a month and a half after getting to camp. They found out that though Malcolm was form Massachusetts and Mitchell was from South Dakota, their elementary schools had been pen pal buddies, and that freaked them out a bit. They found out that they both hated sword fighting (though Malcolm liked choreographing extensive routines in his mind and analyzing the footwork, and Mitchell didn't mind checking out the shirtless guys in the arena), but liked archery and could stand their grounds rather well with spears. They found out that they sucked at canoeing and only did it with each other, because they wouldn't get angry at each other when they ended up flipping the boat or going around in circles. They got really good at sneaking in the strawberry fields to "graze" (as Miranda, a daughter of Demeter who was usually pissed off at them, said). They found out that they made pretty good best friends for each other. That last about three years until Malcolm started looking at Mitchell and losing his breath. It was weird. It was like he'd felt when he'd dated Ivy Deschenes, daughter of Demeter, a few years ago. But with Mitchell. Malcolm was logical enough to put the puzzle pieces together. He had a massive, tearing crush on his best friend. It wasn't just about looks, although Mitchell was definitely a lanky, charming brand of handsome. It was also the honesty that he had. The old-fashioned Southern manners that had been drilled into Mitchell's mind from a young age and sometimes shone through his thick veil of dirty jokes and atheism and merciless teasing and easygoing nature. It was the way they picked on each other and how Malcolm never once got scared thinking that the teasing was mean or about something he had to change. It was the way that conversations could go from 1000 miles an hour about the meaning of life, to 1000 miles an hour about analyzing the latest superhero movie, and then to nothing at all- exactly the ambiverted rhythm that Malcolm had never found with anybody that he wasn't related to. It was just… Mitchell. He was also observant enough to register that Mitchell wasn't totally opposed to the idea of flirting. He'd heard about best friends dating before. He'd seen what it had done to Will Solace and Silena Beauregard, and he knew that he didn't want to suddenly get bitter and angry and then lose his best friend if something were to happen. So he made a deal with himself. If he and Mitchell were meant to date and whatnot, it would happen naturally. Like natural selection. So he couldn't push it, let it develop on his own. He had to let things develop as they did, and give himself a limit so that he didn't give the wrong push and accidentally make whales land animals. He would try to ask Mitchell out seven times- Dad had always said that seven prototypes was his limit before he had to start fresh, or start another project. These attempts at romance and asking out his best friend would be Malcolm's prototypes. Seven times, and that was it. Prototype 1 Of course, all of this would have been easier if Malcolm weren't a coward. But he was. He could face monsters whose behavioural patterns he knew well and construct elaborate theories and could talk for hours about poems that he'd analyzed and annotated. But romance? That was uncharted. Malcolm wasn't very good at improvising. He decided that the best thing to do was to mix familiar with unfamiliar. Like monkeys who started standing up on two legs but didn't lose the tail for a few more centuries of evolutionary development. What did he know well? He knew poetry and literature well, and that was something that he and Mitchell had always had in common. So he decided to write a note. Well, actually, he wrote a note inside a poem which he figured was even more cowardly, but could possibly be mistaken for something cute and romantic. He found a poem that Mitchell had once described as 'his favourite poem ever' and had highlighted words in the different verses to form 'WILL YOU GO OUT WITH ME'. He was fully ready to slip this into the paperback that Mitchell was currently reading next time that they escaped a camp fire to read on the docks. (They both disliked campfires; Malcolm because the smoke got into his asthmatic lungs and made them flip out, and Mitchell because his sisters were such gossips that he couldn't really sing without being told to shut up so what was the point, really?) It was actually hidden under his hoody with his own book as the Athena Cabin filed in towards the amphitheater. He caught Mitchell's eye as they went and he winked before hopping from Cabin 10's line, to Cabin 5's and then disappearing. Malcolm had to be more careful during his escapes –Annabeth was starting to get suspicious- but he managed to slip away like he always did. But on his way to the docks he lost his confidence. He and Mitchell could read each other like open books. But was asking him out one thing that had to be said clearly and out loud? As much as he could cackle at his sisters and tease them before their dates, Mitchell was a son of Aphrodite. He required romance, and a cowardly little note wasn't it. So when Malcolm got to the docks he didn't do anything other than sit down and read and occasionally inquire what Mitchell was laughing about in his particular book. Prototype 2 They were talking as they watched their siblings scrambled up the climbing wall, waiting for their turn to go up. Malcolm loved when Annabeth and Silena did this; coordinated their activities together. Right now it was just an elaborate ploy because Annabeth needed one of Cabin 10's kids to be on her side for her latest extravagant Capture-the-Flag stratagem, but whatever. "I was talking to Nyssa," Mitchell said. "The fireworks are really going to be something this year." "Yeah?" Malcolm asked. "Yeah," Mitchell nodded. "They're pulling out absolutely all the tricks and there's going to be colours we've never seen before." "Like what?" "I don't know. It's all I could get out of her. She told me she'd break my nose if I kept bothering her." "Still sounds pretty good," Malcolm said. Then it hit him. He hadn't wanted to plan and make the note dramatic, so here was his chance to