I don't know if I'm the only one who has this problem, but I HATE this IOS update from a long time ago that changed the music app, so now you see all of your music when you have Wi-Fi but when you're out and about only a few songs are actually on your phone. This is probably also because my phone is starting to get a bit loopy and it deletes certain songs at will (such as *eye twitch* half of the Hamilton soundtrack). Anyways, the first time this has come in handy was today, after twelve hours at the library, when this very old song popped up on shuffle. This entire piece was conceived and produced on the bus ride home. Enjoy! Disclaimer: You know I own nothing, not even song lyrics. PSA: "Hurricane Bianca" has just been added to Canadian Netflix, for all the RPDR fans out there. Thunder Your voice was the soundtrack of my summer Do you know you're unlike any other? You'll always be my thunder, and I said Your eyes are the brightest of all the colors I don't wanna ever love another You'll always be my thunder So bring on the rain And bring on the thunder -Thunder, Boys Like Girls Percy sat in the closet, hands clamped over his ears until Mom opened the door gently. She was wearing pajama pants and a grey sweater. She crouched next to him. The raindrops hitting the windows sounded even bigger now. "Sweetheart, what's wrong?" She asked. "It's so loud," he said. Thunder boomed across the sky and Percy felt as if the very floorboards under his feet were shaking. He whimpered, but this time instead of bundling up against the wall he threw himself against Mom, who gathered him in his arms and held him against her chest. "Shhh," she said. "Shhh. That's the thunder." "I don't like it," he said. "It's too big." Thunder boomed again. "Just because it's big doesn't mean it can hurt you, sweetheart," Sally said. "Do you want me to teach you a trick?" "Will it make the storm stop?" Percy asked. "It will make it smaller," Sally said. "Isn't that better than nothing?" Percy nodded. It was. That didn't mean it was good, but it was better. "Mommy's going to look out the window," Sally explained. "And when I see a flash of lightning, we'll start counting Mississippis. Are you ready?" Percy nodded. "Will you help me count in case I do it wrong?" Percy asked shyly. "Of course," Sally said. "Will you come to the window with me to watch?" Percy shook his head, and he crawled back into the closet. Sally crossed the room and peaked out the window, the glass cool against her fingers. It really was coming down hard. A bolt of lightning jumped out against the dark and cloudy sky. Sally couldn't help but remembering one day, back in Montauk five years ago, when it had been particularly stormy. They had been stuck inside, and were playing Crazy Eights and drinking beer and eating sour gummy worms. Sally had commented on how unexpected the wild storm raging outside was, and Poseidon had shrugged it off and casually mentioned how Hades had sunk his claws into every possible opportunity to bring up Zeus' daughter at the Summer Solstice meeting and how the two had been at it ever since. Zeus was brewing storms, Persephone complained about how it interfered with her months of freedom, Hades was releasing more monsters than usual into the world, other deities were complaining about the panic this was causing in the demigod world, Hades said to take it up with Zeus, Zeus said that Hades was being coy and unreasonable, Hades said that breaking a promise in less than fifty years was unreasonable, Zeus told him to mind his business, Hades told him he had made it his business... This was referred to as "the usual". It hadn't seemed that casual of an occurrence to Sally, but Poseidon had just shrugged it off and put down the six of clubs. She'd been a bit too stunned to slap down her six on top. "And you're not involved in this fight?" Sally had asked. "Nope," Poseidon said. "Not until they drag me in, anyways. Notice that the sea would be perfectly still if Zeus weren't huffing and puffing and passing wind like that. Such a flair for the dramatic, you can tell he's the baby of the family." But ever since, she'd suspected that Percy's incredible fear of thunder and lightning storms was maybe rooted in some sort of deep, buried instinct regarding Zeus' anger. Sometimes she worried about what kind of storm the sea and the sky would unleash when Percy was eventually brought up at these meetings. She tried to imagine what that storm would have looked like had the waves been lashing out to strike the sky themselves, had the seafloor and the earth been trembling the entire time. "Okay Percy, there's some lightning, now let's start counting. One Mississippi, two Mississippis, three Mississippis..." Percy's voice was small, but Sally heard him muttering in his closet. She drifted back towards him and had him in her arms again by the time thunder rumbled. He squirmed against her wildly. "No, don't be scared," Sally said. "That was really good. How many Mississippis did we count?" "Fifteen," he said. "Well done. And so we're going to take fifteen and divide it by five. How many groups of five can we make with fifteen Oreos?" Sally held up both of her hands, fingers sprawled, and Percy added one of his own to count fingers with. "Three," Percy said. "Right," Sally said. "So that means that the storm is three miles away from us. That's even further than school is. We're getting the rain, but the thunder and the lightning isn't close." Percy looked skeptical. "Let's count again," Sally offered. They did. "Three miles away," Percy repeated. "That's right," Sally said. Percy nodded. Sally kissed his hair. "See, sweetheart? The storm isn't so big when you count the thunder," Sally said. "It's very small. So how about you come out of the closet, okay? We can stay awake and do something fun if you don't want to sleep. We could watch Spider-Man and eat Oreos, if you want." "Can I have fifteen?" Percy asked. "I don't think so, you goofy boy," Sally laughed, getting to her feet so she could pull him up too. She walked out of the room with Percy standing on her feet, taking big steps like a dinosaur. "But you can have three, how about that?" It was Paul who opened the door, and he smiled when he saw Annabeth and gave her a warm hug that she hadn't realized she'd been looking forwards to. "How did that physics test go?" he asked. She liked that Paul never asked her how she was doing, because that was a hard question to answer and the real reply wasn't I'm fine, how are you today? Lovely weather we've been having, and she didn't want to lie to Paul. "Really well," Annabeth said. "And I got my grade back for that Hamlet essay. Thank you so much for helping me. I did finish the play for real after, like I promised. I liked it." "Good," Paul said. "Congratulations." Annabeth hung her coat herself, the Jackson-Blofis apartment as familiar as her dorm room. "I think it's good that you're here," Paul said more quietly. "She's been having a hard week. Stress baking so much, she brought up going vegan for a week." "I'll try to get you out of that," Annabeth said. Paul shrugged it off. "I think seeing you will help." He called over his shoulder while Annabeth kicked off her boots: "Sally, it's Annabeth!" "Hi sweetheart!" Sally called from inside. "Come in, it's freezing outside! Let's get some water boiling for tea." Annabeth took a left into the kitchen just as Sally crossed over from the living room, bundled up in a cardigan and a yellow shawl. She smiled when she saw Annabeth, but the lines around her eyes didn't crease just right. Annabeth hugged her back, and Sally squeezed hard and kissed her hair. She tilted Annabeth's chin up. "What's that on your cheek?" Sally asked, her eyes slimming. It was her trademark Mama Bear move. "I got in a fight this week," Annabeth said. "Just a dracanae substitute teacher." Sally smiled softly and squeezed Annabeth's hands. "Still, I won't even ask if you want cookies with your tea, dear," Sally said. As she filled the kettle, Annabeth reached into the cupboards and found Sally's favourite mug (which had a Louisa May Alcott quote on it: She is too fond of books, and it has turned her brain ) and Annabeth's own mug, which Paul had gotten for her about a month after school had started. It read 'Go Away, I'm Reading'. When he'd given it to her, he said that he'd burst out laughing when he'd seen it in store and couldn't resist, since that mug summarized half of the exchanges between her and Percy that he heard. Annabeth was getting way too much reading done now. "Paul do you want tea too?" Annabeth asked. "No thank you," he called back. "He's grading papers," Sally said. "So it's been black coffee all day." Annabeth nodded and watched Sally arrange her famous chocolate chip cookies on a plate, alongside sugar cookies, snickerdoodles, oatmeal raisin, peanut butter, rocky road cookies… Paul hadn't been kidding. "Jason, Piper and Leo came by last Sunday," Sally said, catching her eye. "They each have a different favourite." Annabeth nodded. "What's Jason's?" she asked out of curiosity. "It took me a while to get it out of him," Sally said. "But he definitely drifts towards the snickerdoodles. I don't think he ever had any before. I suppose they're not as widely available commercially…" Annabeth nodded. The boy that Hera had dropped in Percy's place was still an enigma to her, and it took a lot of energy out of Annabeth to not only decipher him, but to find the willpower it took to do so without being resentful. It wasn't his fault that he'd woken up on their side of the continent, and even less that his vows as praetor binded him to to secrecy regarding Camp Jupiter's affairs. With Gaia acting up, this was the absolute worst time to break an oath sworn on the earth itself. Annabeth was sure that Jason's friends home were just as unsatisfied by Percy's presence. Still, she admired that Jason took the time to visit Sally. That was good of him. And it mustn't be easy, especially if Thalia had told him anything about Beryl Grace already. They moved over to the living room. Quilts and afghans were thrown over the couch, and piles of books decorated the side tables. The walls were full of pictures- Paul's nieces, Percy as a chubby toddler making sand castles in Montauk, from his middle school graduation, Sally and Paul's wedding, one of their honeymoon in Stratford for the Theater festival, where they'd posed next to a statue of Shakespeare. There was even a picture of Percy and Annabeth at Camp, sitting on the dock in their bathing suits. Annabeth had no idea what they'd been doing or who had taken the picture (though her money was on Grover, who she also suspected of being Sally and Chiron's main informant and gossip from Camp), but she liked the way that they squinted in the sun and smiled and let their feet dip into the canoe lake and she liked the way Percy was looking at her. She looked away and found a coaster on which to put her mug. "So what happened with that dracanae?" Sally asked, settling down on her usual spot. A Stephen King novel was laying face down on that side of the coffee table, open at