Well, well, well, look what day it is today! But because I'm the worst Valentine in the world, I calculated wrongly when I figured I'd post this story on Valentine's Day for my girlfriend because she's i n another freaking time zone and it's not Valentine's Day for her anymore. Here's to hoping that late is better than never as far as presents go! Happy Valentine's Day, babe. Also the rest of you lovely readers. Enjoy! Disclaimer: I don't own the PJO characters, and the epithets all have Dedication: To Maddi, with love Sooner She's my fingers when I want to feel She's the only thing in life to me that's really real She is love she's all the love I know She could kiss the ground in wintertime And make a flower grow. Let me tell you now friend Don't take her she's all I've got Please don't take her love away from me I'm beggin' you friend Don't take her she's all I've got She's everything in life I'll ever need. - Don't Take Her She's All I Got, Tracy Byrd Lacy ground her teeth as the medics reset their shoulder. She still screamed a bit when her joint popped back into its assigned place, but she told Will that she was okay and didn't cry until he was out of the room because she knew how badly some of the others needed his expertise. Lacy's shoulder was such a light injury; it was probably like a coffee break to Cabin 7. Miranda Gardner came by, one arm in a sling, and sweetly offered a square of ambrosia and a piece of cheesecake to Lacy. "Thanks," Lacy said. "I'm sure they'll see your leg soon," Miranda said. Lacy nodded, ignoring what Will had called "practically a fracture" that "must hurt like a bitch", readjusted the shock blanket around her shoulders, and ate her cake. She'd been pinned under a fallen light post for the longest time and all she'd been able to do was cover her head when other rubble rained down and hope that Drew's perfume idea would keep monsters away. It'd taken a long time for a patrol of Hunters to find her, and they'd brought her here immediately. The fighting had started again. She'd been hearing something about a drakon? But there wasn't anything she could do now except follow the doctor's orders. She was getting drowsy –painkillers mixed with ambrosia did that, but they were so worth it . It felt like she'd slept a feverish few hours when someone shook her awake. "Lacy," she said. "Lacy, wake up." She forced her eyelids open and Nyssa came into focus. The usual bandana holding her hair back was gone and her hair was weaved with dirt and a few feathers (Lacy couldn't even name a monster with feathers). Her eyes looked sorrowful. "Why the long face? Who died?" Lacy mumbled. "Don't joke like that right now," Nyssa said. The real world snapped back to Lacy in a hurry and she pushed herself back up. The pain came back just as sharply, coursing through her shoulder. She noticed that her leg had been immobilised in a brace- how had she slept through that? "Oh no," Lacy said. "Seriously Nyssa, what's wrong?" "I wanted to tell you," she said. "I wanted it to be someone you trust…" "Who?" Lacy said. "Oh my gods where's Mitchell? Nyssa! Where's Mitchell where-" "Mitchell's alright," Nyssa said. "They… Silena posed as Clarisse. To make the Ares cabin fight the drakon. And… she died." Lacy's stomach sunk through her body, through the floor, through the earth and gods knew where. "I'm sorry Lacy," Nyssa said. "They think…" She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. "She confessed about being the spy," Nyssa said. Lacy thought her stomach had hit rock bottom but it sank even further. "I'm sorry," she said. "If this is a trick because you're trying to cope with losing Beckendorf, tell me now and I won't be mad." "It's not a trick why the hell would I trick you?" Nyssa said. "I'm sorry," Lacy said. "I-" She burst into tears and Nyssa sat down on the hotel couch next to her, her shoulder at the exact height for Lacy to cry on. Which she did. Over and over. "Funerals are rough," Nyssa said, arm wrapped snuggly around Lacy. Lacy nodded and rested her head on Nyssa's shoulder. She was exhausted, she needed a break from the reality and the crying and the healing bones… "I love you and I believe in you," Nyssa said soothingly. "You'll get through this." "I don't want to go through it today," Lacy said. "Can we… can we go hang out by Zephyr Creek and skip stones and feed birds like we did? I know we aren't twelve anymore but…" "Actually, being twelve was a hell of a lot nicer than this is," Nyssa said. "Let's go back to that okay? Temporarily and stuff, but let's do it." Lacy stole an extra sandwich at lunch, picked off the ham and cheese and lettuce and tomato (ate the cheese, threw the rest on Mitchell's plate) and stuffed the bread in her pockets. She got to ditch her crutches since Nyssa gave her a piggy-back ride to their spot. It was a highly specific spot –Lacy couldn't explain it but somehow it was always sunny without being blinding, it was amazing. Nyssa caught tadpoles in Ziploc bags and they made trumpet sounds with blades of grass and Lacy took off her cast to dip her toes in the water despite Nyssa telling her she'd delay the healing process because fuck the healing process, Lacy wanted to go back to simpler times. The funny thing was that Lacy did feel like she was twelve and considerably more innocent in their spot, but that was how she felt on any other day with Nyssa. It was just quieter this way, at their spot. "Lacy, you in?" Nyssa asked. "Yeah," she said. She'd headed in early from archery. She couldn't stand for too long without pressuring her leg –currently held together by ambrosia, willpower and a magical brace alone- and shooting from a chair wasn't much fun. She was catching up on homework for one of the online classes she took from camp instead- the stress of last year's constant raids and whatnot had made her flunk a history class that she should've nailed. She had to make up for it before the next school year started. "I'm glad you're taking it easy," Nyssa said examining the intricate pileup of throw cushions and quilts that Lacy's bed-nest was made of. "Thanks," Lacy said. "It's nice to see you out of the forge, not restocking the weapon shed or whatnot." "I'm just taking a break. I've got something for you," Nyssa said. "I do love Christmas in July," Lacy said. "It's August. Anyways, don't get mad at me for having this. I know that they sent her stuff back to her dad," Nyssa said rummaging in her bag, "but she left stuff in our cabin or at the workshop all the time. That's how she and Beckendorf would flirt, you know? Silena would leave a chapstick or steal a sweater, and he'd have to track her down to give or get it back. She left bobby pins everywhere too. It worked both ways: sometimes she'd make Beckendorf fix something on Cabin 10 and he'd half-ass it to come back. It was an excuse to taunt each other." "Jesus, no wonder it took them so long to get together," Lacy said. "No kidding," Nyssa huffed. "Anyways, that's not where I was going with this." She tugged a scarf from her bag- turquoise with pink cherry blossoms. "We found this by a power saw the other day," Nyssa said. "It's got to be hers, right?" "It is," Lacy said reaching out to touch it. "Well, we found it a few days after Mail Day," Nyssa said. Mail Day had been horrible. Not only was it the day after the way, but twenty one boxes had been packed off and shipped along with forty two letters. Each box had been filled with the possessions of a dead demigod and accompanied by a letter from Chiron, as well as a personalised letter written by that camper's cabin. Five children of Aphrodite had died during the Battle of Manhattan –dropping like flies once Silena had passed. Lacy had never cried more. "You can keep it," Nyssa said. "I think she'd have wanted you to." Lacy cradled the scarf in her hands and smiled. There was still a whiff of perfume left on it. "Thanks," Lacy said. "No worries," Nyssa said. "Anyways, gotta get back to the forges. We've got a dragon to work on. Later." "Bye," Lacy said. Nyssa dropped her bandana on her way out. "You shouldn't be out here with a broken leg, are you crazy?" Nyssa asked, pulling aside from her sub-team for Capture-the-Flag. "I'm not here to play," Lacy said just as her crutches snagged on a root. "I just came here to give you this." The truth was that Lacy was unimpressed with having nearly died out in Manhattan and now being away from everyone she loved and cared about while she healed. She wanted them close to her, and it didn't make sense that if some of those people were dead (take Silena), anybody else would be far. Nyssa was a rather big chunk out of that demographic- they went way back. When Lacy had arrived at Camp two years ago she'd somehow been shyer than she was now, but Nyssa had protected her and covered for her and given Lacy the time and shelter she needed to become strong. Her own personal best-friend turned guardian angel turned math and physics tutor turned… well, there was an extra step that Lacy wouldn't mind taking. Anyways, she handed Nyssa her bandana. Lacy could tell it was old because her full name – Nyssa Mary Nnamani- was inscribed on the inside in her mother's penmanship. Parents were pretty protective the first time they sent their kids to camp. "What?" Nyssa frowned. "I thought it'd make a good excuse to see you," Lacy asked. Nyssa looked stunned for a second, but not for long. She took off her helmet and tied her bandana back on. "Thanks," Nyssa said. "I'll come see you after the game. But stay away from the forest until then, you hear me? I know for a fact that shit's going to get ugly long-distance, fiery-projectile style. But you didn't hear that from me." "Of course not," Lacy said, turning around to head back to the cabins. Her flip-flop slid off her foot and she left it there. "Jake was quiet, but Solace told me all about it," Nyssa said. "Apparently it was the most vicious counselor meeting in years- and that's saying something. It all started with talking about finding the dragon again and whether or not my cabin really is cursed and it just escalated from there... Drew started charmspeaking without meaning to and she had the Stoll brothers pretending to be goats without even noticing them because Clarisse was holding her back and it took Percy Jackson and Will Solace to hold back Jake and they were yelling at each other about starting curses and don't you dare blame this on her motherfucker and all kinds of stuff. Chiron couldn't get anyone to shut up and Nico di Angelo shadow-traveled out and no one's seen him since so Will is pissed off and ignoring both of them and Miranda Gardener got so upset that all the window boxes of the Big House are dead now." "You gave me the scarf the other day because your cabin would've gotten rid of it, didn't you?" Lacy asked. Nyssa scratched the back of her neck. "Look, you've been healing. But out there, tensions are…" "That meeting wasn't the