Short Summary: It's Percy's birthday and everyone's all excited to give him his presents and celebrate his birthday with him. Well, everyone except the birthday boy in question. Wait- What does he think he's doing?! /OR It's Percy's birthday and he's hiding a big secret./ Trigger warning: Self-harm and near suicide. Extended Summary: It's Perseus "Percy" Jackson's birthday, the eighteenth of August. Everyone is excited. Why wouldn't they be? It's not everyday the Hero of Olympus celebrates his birthday (it's only once a year~). Deals are struck with the gods as the demigods prepare for the celebrations upon remembering the hero's birthday on the day itself and the demigods are in a rush against time to set up the preparations on time. On the other hand, Nico di Angelo can't shake off that impending feeling of death. Percy, on the other hand… Wait, where has Percy gone to? Oh there he is. Let's go over and surprise him! Wait- WHAT IN THE NAME OF THE STYX DOES HE THINK HE'S DOING?! /OR It's Percy's birthday and everyone's dearest Kelp Head is hiding a big secret./ Main Characters: Perseus "Percy" Jackson, Nico di Angelo Side Characters: Annabeth Chase, Jason Grace, Thalia Grace, Piper McLean, Leo Valdez, Zeus (Shush I like Nico and Thalia better than Frank and Hazel) Mentioned: Paul Blofis, Sally Jackson and Poseidon Pairings: Nico/Percy (slight), past Percy/Annabeth (barely) Warnings: Minor character death, Out of Character, Angst, Hints at Bullying, Slight Mentions of Abuse, Graphic Self-Harm and Near Suicide Personal Warning: Romance, friendship and family fluff is not my kind of thing. ~Silenced~ Happy Birthday Percy! (Maybe not) Eighteenth of August. The date reflected in the stormy grey eyes of the blonde girl, shock and panic clearly written on her face. "Oh Gods! It's Seaweed Brain's birthday today!" Annabeth gasped as she looks up from her calendar. "Wait what?!" Jason exclaimed, snapping up from his laid-back stance. "Really?" Thalia asked, looking up from sharpening one of her arrows. "Kelp Head?" "Apparently!" Piper trilled in excitement before letting the words sink in. "Wait what?" "It's Water Boy's birthday?" Leo wondered aloud. "And you all forgot," Nico whispered darkly in an accusatory tone. The other five demigods in the room all stared down at the ground sheepishly, avoiding the eye contact of a deadly disappointed Nico. Looking in from the a corner of the window of Zeus's Cabin, a shadow sighed and backed away. Not even people he considered his best friends remembered his birthday, not like he expected them to. Who would want to remember and celebrate the birthday of a murderer anyways? Hero of Olympus? Saviour of Olympus? Slayer of Kronos? Downfall of Gaea? Bane of the Minotaur? No, he's just a murderer. With that, the shadow left, intent on hiding himself for the rest of the day. How? By retreating into his cabin. He's the only one who stays there anyways. Also, everyone would expect him to be by the lake or with his family. Maybe if they cared enough, they would have found that his mortal family, Paul Blofis and Sally Jackson, had died not too long ago in a car accident. He wouldn't be the slightest bit surprised if Death Breath knew about the duo's death though, being the son of Hades and all. Stupid ADHD… Oh, how he hated his birthday. "It doesn't matter! At least we remembered in the end, right?" Jason chuckled sheepishly, forcing a grin. "Right! We can still set up the celebrations for him!" Annabeth laughed, preparing some paper to start planning. "Now, how do we start? Anyone knows how to bake a cake?" "I do," Thalia answered, picking at her nails. Dumbfounded looks from the other five were all directed at her almost instantaneously. "What?" Thalia sighed as she looked up. "I may seem to not be the sort, but I have secrets I hide too." "I can bake too!" Piper exclaimed, smiling widely. "Expected of Beauty Queen…" Leo muttered. "Shut up." The cabin with only one occupant living in it had its curtains drawn, a dull and gloomy aura being emitted from it, warning away anyone from approaching. The cabin reflects the mood of its occupants. Therefore, for this one, it all depended on the mood of its lone occupant, who happens to be Seaweed Brain (as fondly called by Annabeth), Kelp Head (as Thalia teasingly called him), Water Boy (or sometimes even Aqua Man as Leo had nicknamed him), the day's birthday boy. Birthday boy in question had retreated to his cabin, drawn the curtains and hid underneath his blanket, almost as if he was hiding. Oh. He was, actually. From what? Something. Not a single soul cared enough to know anyways. Completely unknown to the birthday boy (or teen), a certain child of Hades had just shadow travelled to his room, taken a glance at him, and shadow travelled out again. What for? That child of Hades had his suspicions. And he's worried for the Kelp Head he and the others have all grown to like (or love) and rely on. Maybe they put too much pressure on him. But that's just part of it, isn't it? Nico di Angelo sighed to himself as he reached the interior of Zeus's Cabin once more. No one seemed to have noticed that he had gone missing for a few moments. Maybe that's how Percy felt? Ignored? No, that's still just a small part of it. Its hard to be ignored when you're basically the hero of the generation anyways. "No, I insist that we decorate the entire interior of the Poseidon Cabin!" Leo protested. "I wouldn't recommend that. Percy is there and doesn't seem to be wanting to leave anytime soon," Nico chuckled drily from his corner of the room. "Styx Death Breath! You scared us!" Thalia gasped dramatically. "Just bake your cake," Nico sighed. "I've been here all along anyways." Nico di Angelo could have sworn on the Styx that he heard something about know-it-all sons of Hades. Perseus "Percy" Jackson could have sworn on the Styx that no mortal or demigod cared for him at all. Maybe no one. Poseidon didn't really seem to care, either that or he had a really strange way to show it. Hades, he didn't even show up when Percy was mourning his mortal parents death. Like, what sort of husband ignores their wife's death? Granted, she was only one of his many wives. Shows just how unfaithful the gods are. Percy had changed his position, no longer hiding under the covers of his bunk, he was sitting on his bunk instead. Oh! Don't forget about the blade in his hand, the point of its tip firmly planted on his wrist. He tried, he withstood it. All the mental torture, the mental abuse. What does "Seaweed Brain" and "Kelp Head" mean? It basically means "brain full of seaweed" and "head full of kelp". Those phrases which basically mean one thing: "stupid". It hurt a lot, being constantly called names throughout his life. "Dumb", "moron", "idiot", "imbecile", "stupid" and so much more. When he thought he had found a place to call a second home, with others like him, he never expected to be called another version of "stupid" again. And he laughed it off whenever someone called him by those nicknames, but no one cared enough to notice the disobedient tear that occasionally trickled down his face and dripped onto the floor whenever he was called one of the two nicknames. "Seaweed Brain". "Kelp Head". Honestly, the physical abuse from Gabe felt like nothing next to the verbal abuse. Maybe he should write letters. Suicide notes, that's what they're called, right? "You will not disrupt or watch our celebrations today!" Thalia declared to the gods on Mount Olympus through an Iris Message (IM). "Any prophecies go to our mailboxes, any quests get postponed to tomorrow and any 'surprises' will not be tolerated and will be met with merciless attacks. Because, we aren't going to birthday parties without any weapons since who knows what monsters may decide to attack us? Wait! Monster attacks will be met with utmost ferocity as well! Wait, why am I telling you this? Ignore what I said about monsters." "And what makes you think we will allow you to make such demands of us?" Zeus asked, balantly ignoring the irrelevant parts of the message. "Well, I don't know? Maybe the declaration of war against the Olympians by teaming up with your next immortal enemy?" Leo replied cheekily, surprisingly having the others to back him up with serious looking nods. Zeus paled. "Alright, terms and conditions agreed to," he quickly agreed, before swiping through the IM. The six demigods couldn't help but laugh at Zeus's expression, yet one of them was forced, unable to shake of the feeling of impending death. Percy pressed the blade down, drawing a little straight line across his arm, taking care to avoid the main blood vessel. No, he wasn't willing to die just yet, not when he had planned everything perfectly. No, he would attempt suicide the moment he turned eighteen. He planned it perfectly. He wasn't stupid, he wasn't an idiot, he wasn't dumb, he wasn't a moron and he definitely wasn't an imbecile. For now, he pressed the blade down again, drawing the third line of the day. He watched in sick fascination as blood seeped out of his cut wounds and mixed together, forming a slight pool on his arm. He couldn't help himself as he gently lapped up some of the red liquid, enjoying the warmth of the liquid and the metallic tang of the blood. He ignored the sharp sting of the fresh cut wounds as he traced over the wounds, even purposely pressing open some old scars to watch them reopen and bleed. Oh yes, he had definitely lost part of his sanity by this point. He pressed the blade down yet again, repeating the whole process. What could go wrong? Worse come to worse, he'd just have to run his arm under water to heal it, as much as he wished not to do so, therefore this was his last resort. No one would ever know. No one could ever know, especially not his friends. He needed to be strong for them, be the leader they all looked up to. All for them. Because that's how much his friends meant to him. He was hurting them just by staying and he didn't want to hurt them any longer. So he prepared to take the only way out he could think of. Personal loyalty would be the end of him one day. Just which day would it be? His eighteenth birthday, eighteenth of August, year twenty eleven, if everything went according to plans. "Everyone ready?" Jason asked. Thalia held the cake along with Piper, while Leo and Annabeth held balloons. Jason and Nico both carried the presents that the group had somehow mysteriously managed to get their hands on within the past three hours. "Sure we are Sparky," Piper giggled into his ear. "Come on, let's surprise one Percy for us!" Nico frowned as the feeling of impending death grew stronger as they approached Cabin 3, Poseidon's Cabin. It couldn't be… Could it? No… Percy would never do such a thing. …Would he? Percy smiled darkly to himself as he watched blood flow from the seventh cut. The pain felt like heaven, like bliss. If this was how cutting felt like, he could only dream of what it would be like to die. Well, he wouldn't have to dream for much longer, would he? The clock showed the time. It was 2.21 pm. Just another minute and he'd be free. The blade was firmly placed against his jugular vein, the main vein on his throat. He could feel the thump of his heartbeat under the blade, steady and calm despite the situation. He closed his eyes, calmly sitting on his bunk. Well, that was until the door