This marks the 3rd story written for The Insanity Collection. It was begun after MC Insanity Meets Middle-Earth, during Middle-Earth Meets America. Its time-frame is that of post-MEMA, for all it was begun during the writing of. We plan to post TIC in the order we want them read, not their chronological order. We look forward to discussing any part of this story with you, so please review. Thanks for reading! -The Epic Elven Twins Conversations Chapter 1 - Raina "Hey, sorry again about your arm." Elladan slid into the chair beside me as I swivelled my own to face him. I smiled at him in greeting and acknowledgement of his apology. We'd already hashed this out yesterday. Although at first I had been a little put out that he hadn't seemed to show much concern when I had mentioned it to him in a note I had sent him via Tira, especially since I suspected the injury was his fault (tussling with elves, black belt or no, doesn't always turn out so good for you, by the by), I had already forgiven him for that. Besides, more than anything, I had been cracking a joke about being upset about it. No, we were cool. But his concern was touching, and rather cute. "How is it today?" he asked, reaching out to lightly touch my left bicep, fingers barely brushing against my skin. Incongruously, I wondered if his fingers tingled at the contact the way my arm did, the way his touch, even as slight as this one, made me tingly and warm. I shrugged, answering his question. "Much better." The swelling had, after all, begun to recede, though it remained tender to the touch and I was thankful for the careful way he'd brushed his fingers over it. I felt a cooling sensation fizzle through the internal bruising, and I was startled as I realised he was doing that elven thing, which I'd felt a long time ago, but it caught me off guard to feel it again. He grinned, and I knew he caught my startle, but he didn't comment on it. Instead, he leaned in closer and my breath hitched slightly, as it had always done with his proximity, with the knowing of what was coming. His lips brushed my cheek and I closed my eyes, enjoying the frisson that went all over me. "I'm glad to hear it," he whispered, then pulled back. I opened my eyes to see his smile, see satisfaction or contentment, couldn't tell which, on his face, and I abstractedly wondered, again, if I made him feel the way he made me feel, like I had touched a plasma ball at the museum and my skin was humming with a soft buzz. But I had other things I had been wondering, and figured that was more important than hearing about how I made him feel. In some ways, I suppose my question did still pertain to how I make him feel, though, so I guess it's a moot point. "Elladan," I began, slowly. I was unsure of myself, and I didn't want to tread into unwelcome territory, but I had to know. "When you were helping Tira write Until I Fall Away , um…" He was watching me, unreadable, and I tried to stamp out that hesitation which seemed as much a part of me as the freckles on my face and arms and my lack of height. "Why is it…things went…the way they did?" I had to just force myself to get it out. Confusion marked his brow, and I felt frustrated. The want-to-scream kind of frustration that you never really indulge, because it's kind of not relevant. What was relevant, though, is that I wasn't making sense, apparently, which tended to happen. I've never been overly good at easily explaining what I mean when talking. Usually, writing it down is best, mostly when it's about others. I don't ever express myself very well at all, do I? I really must work on that one… "I mean," I scrambled for a better way of phrasing it. "Did you…well, do you…" Apparently that one wasn't working out so well either. And I didn't want to say the wrong thing. "Did things go the way they did because…I dunno…because of feelings? You know…with…well…" What was I even asking? I wasn't asking if he was in love with a fictional character Tira had made up. I was… Huh. Was I enough for him? Perhaps that's what I was really asking. Understanding dawned across his face. "Do you mean, did the marriage in the story ," he emphasized, and I wondered if he had read me far more easily than I could him, "happen because of any…personal feelings on my part?" "Well…I…" I looked down, trying to figure out how to voice what I meant. "I'm not asking if you're in love with a fictional character. Not that, you know, I'd think you were crazy for something like that," I shot him a grin, "but we definitely know that girl's not real, because she came from Tira's mind." Because, after all, at one point I thought he too was fictional, springing forth into life between the pages of a wonderful fantasy series from the mind of a literary genius, the late J.R.R. Tolkien. But Antiel, Tira's main heroine in her story, was definitely made up. "Are you asking if I am…discontent?" He pressed, and I wondered if I was just imagining the silently tacked on with you after that last word. "You think I am…unhappy?" I shifted, looking down again. Well, that was what I was asking, wasn't it? I didn't think myself the overly jealous type, but I suppose I may hold some desires to jealously have and keep all of Elladan's feelings. Was this insecurity, some kind of wanting to know that he didn't find me a dull pursuit? Truly, I wanted to know how Elladan felt and where I stood. "I don't think you are, I want to know if you are." Rather than answering right away, he leaned back in, and this time his lips brushed mine. His fingers stroked my right cheek, leaving a pleasant warmth in me, and as always, I wanted to melt at that touch. He pulled back enough to look at me, his fingers stroking a loose lock of hair, and I loved the feeling of someone playing with my hair. I couldn't find myself minding any of it, despite the context of our conversation. "No." He finally said, eyes glittering as he looked at me. "I am happy, here, with you." He closed his eyes and leaned his head against mine, and for a few moments I let him. I was heartened at his answer, but I still had questions. So I finally pulled back and asked, "Then where…where do these ideas come from?" And I was suddenly thinking of more than just a marriage in Until I Fall Away , or even just that story. He tilted his head and watched me for a moment. Then he sat back, still watching me. Finally he said, "I believe you and your friends call them plot-bunnies." I smiled briefly, but turned serious. Glancing away, I slowly replied, "Yes, but…storylines, the ideas, the…the plot-bunnies, as you put it, usually have their basis in some level of thoughts and feelings. Works like that are generally an expression of a deeper mental and emotional state." He leaned forward and looked at me very seriously, almost imploring. "You do know you are the only one I care for in such a way, right?" I let my gaze meet his, seeing the sincerity in his eyes, a look I had never had anyone else give me, never had anyone else be so honest and desperate for me to know it was genuine. I smiled, partially sad at the thought as it occurred to me. "Yes," I answered. "Yes, I know. I just… I don't know." I shrugged helplessly. "Why not someone else though? I mean, after all, it could've been Elrohir, right? If we're talking falling in love," which I had more I wanted to talk about than that reference to the stories he's been helping write, "why not Elrohir?" He quirked a brow. "Maybe because of all the things that happen in A Test of Faith ? After all, how often do you girls endear yourselves to us as writers of stories containing our fictional characters? There's no telling what dastardly deeds you'll think up for those characters." I sat back, thinking. A Test of Faith was a rather dark fanfiction story I was slowly chipping away at. I had told no one all of that which is going to happen in that story, but I had told most to the twins—Legolas and Aragorn were in the dark, even Trelan was too, and Tira only has the beginning and I'm not going to tell her everything that's coming, either. Well, I guess Elladan has an excellent point there, judging by the plans I had for that story. I'm not surprised they don't really trust their fictional selves to us. We've been known to write some rather sinister things. What, does Elrohir think Tira would write some nefarious thing happening to that reflection of him if he were the one in love in those stories? Okay, so she probably would…but that's beside the point. We were angst, torture fic writers. But that's not the point. "You know, Elrohir still isn't happy with you about that. He doesn't want you to go through with writing all…that you plan on writing." I glanced over at him. "I know he is." I sighed. "But I've been working on that story much longer than the time you've all been back," I pointed out, "and it is a nice tale in the end, I swear it. Maybe somewhat bittersweet, but still." "Ah. So you don't enjoy writing the tale?" He asked softly. "I don't care for dark aspects in it, but it's…it's the story." I tried to explain, but felt I was butchering things again. "It just…you have to go through all that dark to get to the light. That's the point. It's… A Test of Faith ." "It's the way the story goes?" he asked casually, and I wondered what he was getting at. "Yes." "Ah." He nodded, looking self-satisfied. "So you admit it yourself." "I what?" I frowned at him, nonplussed. Elladan grinned. "Despite whatever aspects you personally disagree with, you still have to write those parts, because in the end, the tale as a whole should be told. And those parts are integral." Well, those weren't my words…for one thing, they certainly summed up my fumbling explanation a lot better than I ever could. And I understood what else he was getting at behind it, still trying to reassure me concerning the question I had posed earlier. "Lucky for you then," I began facetiously, leaning into him, "I am so understanding." I placed a quick peck to his lips, intending to pull right back, but I found his hand slipping around the back of my neck, keeping me close. "Yes, I do realise how lucky I am," he whispered cryptically as he pulled me back closer to him to place several heartfelt kisses to my lips. Again, I wanted to melt into his embrace, to focus on only that. The way my heart raced at how it felt, him kissing me, the way his lips felt and mine felt, the warm fuzzlies that fizzed in my belly. I wanted to just relax and forget about everything, curl up in his arms and cuddle . Like I had last night. We'd spent the better part of the evening on the living room couch, doing nothing else but holding each other and sharing the occasional chaste kiss and, at least on my part, listening to him breathe and feeling his heart beat beneath my fingers