*Disclaimer: This is me Disclaiming that I don't own these characters and so on and hence forth. At twenty-four, you would think that I would have my life figured out. That the future I had imagined would be happening NOW. I would have graduated from college like a big majority of The Class of so and so. I'd have travel around the world with the guys, goofing off and getting laid. I'd have a career and a steady income. Be married. Be a father. Work hard and provide for my family. Some of that has happened, in ways I never dreamed of happening. Some of it, I'm still trying to figure out. But to get to that part of my story, we'd have to go back to more than a decade ago. To a place where stories usually begin. Yes, I'm talking about High School. To my Sophomore year of high school, when my life changed forever. Dramatic, I know. But that was the year that She came into my life. And yes, of course this story involves a girl. . I can hear shouting the moment I'm in front of my house. For a moment, I'm worried. My parents never argue. This loud at least. As I step closer to the door, I realize that they're not actually arguing. My mother is majorly ticked off though. "If she does it one more time, I swear I will head right over there and shake her!" I hear my mother practically growl as I open the door. "Oh, thank God!" She says from the other room. "Edward can handle it. Her." She says say, and even though I cant see her face, I know she she's grinding her teeth. "Get in here, Edward!" I make my way to the kitchen where I find my dad, leaning against the counter, my mother pacing back and forth in front of him. And I'm right, my mother is pissed. It takes a lot to piss of my mother. Right now her brown eyes seem practically red and her pale skin is flushed, and at five feet you'd swear she was towering over me with the look she was giving me. "Whats the problem?" I say, uncertainly. I mentally go through my day. Did I do something? I went to all my classes. Today. I haven't ditched a whole school day in weeks. I've turned in all my homework. Sure, I did fail my Spanish oral presentation last week, but my parents know I'm crap at Spanish. "The problem is," my mother says between her gritted teeth, "is that this phone has been ringing off the hook for the past twenty minutes and I know its THAT GIRL!" Ah, I think. 'That Girl', the name she gave my girlfriend the first time she broke up with me. She's never gotten over it. And with all our break-ups-to-make-up, I can't say that I really blame her. "The problem is," she repeats, "that she keeps calling and hanging up. Calling and hanging up. School just let out TEN minutes ago! What is her problem! Doesn't she have a sixth period. Doesn't she know you have a sixth period. And what is your problem?" "Now, hold on, Es. Its not his fault." My father, Carlisle, always the calm one, starts to rub my mothers shoulder. She's calmed some, but not much. "I'm sorry," she says calmly. "Its just that, the moment I say Hello, the phone clicks. I mean, we have caller ID. Her name is displayed right there!" My mother gestures to the phone on the wall. At that moment it rings. My mothers lips purse and her eyes narrow, and, probably imagining the phone were Tanya; marches right over and pulls it off the wall. "He's right here!" She grits out, and marches back over to me, handing me the phone. Not before she says into the mic, "Tell her if she pulls this shit again, we change our number," my mother warns. "What is her problem?" Tanya says before I get in a 'Hello'. By the sound of my mothers gasp I know she heard her, and in that moment I'm grateful the phone is cordless and I'm out the kitchen before Tanya can hear my mother say, 'That little bitch!' "I've been trying to get a hold of you!" Tanya screeches. "Where have you been?" I roll my eyes. Here it comes, I think. "Where did you go after school? Who were you with? The girls said they saw you talking to another girl. Who was she?" Hello to you too, honey, I think. Instead I sigh and say, "It was Angela. She asked if she can borrow my notes for Health class." And in an instant, less than a second, I'm tired. Tired of all this. Of Tanya. Of having to explain myself every time shes unhappy with me. Lastly, at myself. Getting involved with her wasn't supposed to happen though. I mean, a guy in a band that listens to death metal dating a cheerleader. It didn't make sense to a lot of people, but at the same time? Total cliche. But our relationship was great, at first. Tanya. Tall, long blond hair, beautiful blue eyes. I bumped into her at her locker, literally, last semester. I was reading over my Spanish notes and I wasn't watching where I was going. I thought she was beautiful from the get go. And not because of her looks. She had an amazing smile and this laugh that made my heart squeeze. She was confident and so sure of herself and sweet. We fell hard and fast. But things changed shortly after we lost our virginity to one another. After our first I love you's. She became this crazed person I didn't know. Paranoid that I was fucking up on her. Every girl I spoke to, all I would hear is, 'Is she prettier than me?' or 'Do you want fuck her?' It drove me crazy. I felt like I was walking on egg shells every time a girl talked to me. She became shallow and focused on herself and her looks. Wearing clothes that seemed to get smaller and tighter. Eating smaller meals and exercising like crazy. Her laugh became fake, unless she was with her friends, and laughing at someone elses expense. Which was often. Her sweetness turned into a don't-fuck-with-me attitude. She was so unhappy and she didn't realize it. God forbid I mention it, those arguments were the worse. Those were The Break Up Arguments. Don't ask me why I haven't broken up with her for real. Did I pity her? Maybe. She didn't have many true friends. The 'Girls' were like parasites. Feeding off of her and feeding her all this bull crap. They loved starting drama. And she fell for it every time. Did I not break up with her because it was comfortable and all I knew? Sure. She was my first real girlfriend. The girl I lost my v-card to. I keep hoping she'll change. Drop the 'Girls' and realize she's better than that. That they were dragging her down. "Notes for Health class? Right." She scoffed, in a tone that meant she didn't believe me. "Lauren said-" And right then, I could scream from frustration. It's always the same shit. "Lauren said" or "Jessica said". I wish those girls would stay out of my fucking relationship. "Forget what she said," I say, my teeth gritted in frustration. "For once, can we just not argue. Please! Just for one fucking day!" I feel guilty for yelling at her. My parents have raised me to treat women with respect, no matter who they were. I should throw those words in my moms face the next time she's upset with Tanya. She'd probably slap me. "What the hell is your problem? Don't you dare try and turn this on me. I'm the one who is supposed to be mad!" She sighs, "You know what?" There's a pause. Here it comes. "Fuck you!" She yells, followed by a click. I let out my frustration with a growl and throw the phone on my bed. Then I throw myself. My parents were right, when they said that relationships weren't easy. Then again, they never said that they'd be this hard. A lot of work, sure. But not hard. And considering my mothers reaction to Tanya, I'm pretty sure it wasn't supposed to be this hard. I think I'll break up with her tomorrow. Then I think I wont. And then I think that I must be some teeny bopper girl instead of an almost sixteen year old man. Just laying here, self loathing. I'm driving myself fucking crazy! (Or maybe Tanya is...) . "You got another one, Edward." My mother says from my doorway, with a smile. She must be in a better mood. A second later a thick yellow envelope land on my chest. I already know its full of pictures- slash- postcards. I couldn't keep the smile off my face if I wanted to. No matter how horrible my day had been going. Tanya who? "Thanks, Ma." I say, sitting up. I cant rip the envelope open fast enough, and pour the contents on my bed. Out falls a page or two of notebook paper, the edges ripped, torn out of a composition book. And photos wrapped with a rubber band. I slip off the elastic and look at the first photo. It's a photo of Jasper, I can tell right away. Already I'm disappointment. It's never a photo of Her. In the photo, Jasper is squatting down in front of a little girl, a big smile on his face. He's handing her a bright red rose. And although it's a photo of the back of her head, I can tell by the way her head is thrown back that she's laughing. I look on the back and read her neat writing. 'Blue eyed boy meets a brown eyed girl... the sweetest thing.' I've grown used to the randoms lyrics she throws on her pictures. I pick up the envelope and read her name in the upper left hand corner. Isabella Swan. Along with an address from Beijing. I flip the through the photos and study them for a long while. The small things in the background, trying to get some kind of clue to what they're doing there now. Looks like some kind of festival. I want to flip through them fast, get to her letter sooner. But its become a ritual to see the photos first, then get to the letter. It gives me a sense that I'm there. My heart is beating hard when I get to the last photo. Anticipation. Knowing that the letter's next. The last photo is blurry, barely catching a pair of green Chucks standing in a puddle. In the puddle, my name written out with pebbles. I put the pictures on my bed and pick up the sheets of paper. Her letters to me usually read like a diary, different dates and different ink. Some writing sloppy, like she was in a rush to get it out. Some in neat cursive, like the whole time she was taking her time, thinking of me. The letter is dated a few weeks back. Dear(est) Edward, 12/07 Get it (^)? Greetings from Shanghai! I would write out a greeting in Chinese,but then I'd have to walk across this small ass room, grab my translation book, turn it a few pages, then write it out (or draw it?), then proof, then erase ('cause odds are I fucked it up), then wonder if you can even read it, just to scratch it out and not even put it. Jeesh, that's too much work! Can I take a nap now? (I kid!) We literally just got here, and I rushed to plop myself on this bed so I can hurry up and write to you. Cause of