This is the first fic's I wrote years when I was younger and my god was it crap. Having recovered it I read it, dying inside at how bad it was but enjoying the underlying story so over the past few nights I've pretty much torn it apart doctoring it and making it halfway respectable. So here go's Feel free to comment xoxo Disclaimer: I do not own Harry Potter or the story, these are just lovingly written ramblings. Contents/ Warning : NC-17 (Mature), male slash, female slash, all out sex and smut, orgy, bottle neck violation *snickers* adult language, Humour, mild angst, romance, smut, One Shot. Summary: As the war is dead and buried the senior students celebrate their return to Hogwarts with an adventurous game of hide and go suck. Completed/WIP: Completed. Pairings: Ginny/Neville, Ginny/Pansy, Harry/Fred/George/Angelina/Katie/Alicia/A Bottle Head, Ernie/Su li, Draco/Harry, Ron/Hermione, Ron/Luna, Ron/Draco, Hermione/Harry, Draco/Neville, Zacharias/Parvati, Crab/Susan/Goyle/Padma, Oliver/Harry, Parvati/Lee, Seamus/Dean, Draco/Hermione. Implied Pairings: Hermione/Ron/George/Fred, Ron/Pansy, Neville/Parvati/Padma, Neville/Daphne, Fred/George/Draco, Parvati/Neville, Parvati/Ron, Parvati/Harry, Parvati/Draco, Parvati/Ginny, Parvati/Colin. Authors Notes: Thanks to all who read through for me and to Cass Eroll for finding my lost fic.)) …. "Yes, yes come on keep going, don't stop ...wait who is this". "It's me". "Oh well done shit for brains, I meant who am…oomph…I meant with whom I do I have the pleasure". "Me…Neville and I resent…shit for brains". "Sorry", Ginny panted," It's too dark to…dark to see". "It's ok for you, at least you haven't got knockers bashing you in the face", grunted Neville as he thrust up into her as hard as he could. "I'll remind you my breasts are…amazing thank you, urgh…" she ground out with a shudder as she came. Her muscles tensed around his cock and Neville's head slumped back to the floor with his release. They slowly separated, peeling away from each other and relaxed into the blanket they both lay on. Ginny propped herself up on her elbow and traced a finger along his front. "Curse me, Neville you've certainly grown up a fair bit haven't you. Rumours of your skill in bed have not been greatly exaggerated I see". She smiled as her head rested on his, now well-built chest. All the puppy fat of his youth had been replaced with a body that had many a girl in the schools head turning in the corridors. "Yeah, I've been getting lessons", he chuckled. Her eyebrows raised," Neville Longbottom, you've been keeping secrets, so, who's the lucky teacher". He blushed a little," The Patil twins". "I'll have to thank them", she laughed," you've certainly been well tutored". They sat giggling for a few more moments, relaxing in the come down, "so, you fancy another round?" she smiled. "Sorry Gin, can't, promise I'd meet Daphne in ten minutes says she wants to try something special". "Yeah I suppose", she sighed," I have to meet Pansy soon" Neville sat up, looking down at her, "It really is real between you two isn't it?" he smiled. She snuggled up to him," oh gods yes, I mean I know I've had crushes and relationships before, but Pansy's like no one I've ever been with. It's scary to think that were 'together' but I just couldn't imagine myself with anyone else. I don't think anyone could match up to the intensity and not to mention her temper" a wicked smile drew across her face. "And she's all mine". "I'm happy for you", he kissed her forehead, "ok, time to sign, that's one each I believe we owe each other". After signing they hugged each other good bye and sneaked out of the small broom cupboard, setting out to advance on any unsuspecting pray. Franticly students zoomed past, fighting one another with tongues and roaming hands at almost every turn. Tonight Hogwarts had become most feral. ... ... "Look all I'm saying is that I'm ok with this, I just don't want you running off with some cheap tart afterwards". Draco's eyebrows rose in amusement," Harry, you're all the cheap tart I'll ever need". He ducked a predictable slap to the face and opted for the loving boyfriend approach. Harry settled in his lover's arms," I know you meant that". "I know you do dear". "I hate you", Harry smiled, "bitch!" Draco kissed his forehead," I wouldn't want it any other way. Besides this is the price you pay dating a Malfoy", he patted his rear with a wink. "Prime pure blood quality, everyone wants a piece". "So full of shit", Harry's mouth hanging open in disbelief. But Draco grabbed his hand and pulled the smaller boy away before he could continue. "Come on the meetings started". Harry and Draco walked hand-in-hand through large double doors and they locked behind them. The Room of Recruitment was packed, almost every sixth and seventh year student was waiting for them. The back wall of the room lined with benches all filled with eager and excited faces. The group, like Hogwarts at present was larger than it had been for an age. The rebuild in the aftermath of the Battle of Hogwarts had taken the better part of a year and had be completed with the aid of contributing witches and wizards worldwide. The school now back to its former glory was said to be a beacon of international wizarding relationships after the war. This eventually meant that the new students were met with those returning and the numbers in the school rose dramatically. Of course not all had returned. Those whose family were still loyal to Voldemort, or believed to be were subject to vigorous screening. Still many had turned sides towards the end and fought for the light side earning a new found respect. Draco stepped into the centre of the room, followed by Hermione. As the two Head students stood, the room fell silent. "Ready for this Grange...Hermione?" Draco muttered. "Ready as I'll ever be Mal...Draco". Hermione laughed finding the exchange humours as Draco whose sense of humour had been stretched these days simply gave a curt nod. "Sixth and Seventh year students of Hogwarts, we are gathered her today..." "Cut the bull shit Malfoy", Harry heckled his boyfriend with a smile. Draco lifted his chin, Malfoy pride unfaltering. "Indeed. Well, we all know why we're here, so", he mock-bowed to Harry," let us cut the bullshit". "What Draco's trying to say", Hermione stepped forward," is that we thank you for waiting and now that we are all ready we firstly need to run through what exactly will be happening, the rules and precautions". Surprisingly all remained quiet. "Ok", Draco boomed," now the first thing is how this came about...boys". He gestured to one of corners of the room. Fred and George Weasley came striding forwards. They bowed to the crowd as many applauded and whooped, The Legendary Weasley Twins. "Thank you, thank you", they both chimed. "Ok, let's get this underway, were here to start this little celebration", Fred smiled. "That's right dearest, it's simple, The Hogwarts Sex Fest", George opened his arms wide, "Our gift to you. Ourselves and acquaintances…" they both sweepingly gestured from Draco and Hermione, to Harry and Ron and a few others. "Have been setting this up for a few months now". Fred jumped in," it simply came about as a game me and my brother dearest played when we attended Hogwarts, we would simply try and out-do each other with our 'special activity's' over the course of either a single night, month or year". "Yes", bounced George," and again is our gift to you, from us strong stallions to you raging hormones on legs. SO, as the night grows short we shall hand you back over to our assistants". Draco scowled while Hermione accepted two kisses on either cheek. "It's good to see you again", she beamed, her voice only audible for the four," but we'll see you for Christmas yes?" "Oh no Hermi', were here all night", they both tuned. "What?" "Well you didn't think we'd let a thing like this slip us bye did you", George laughed. "Indeed Hermi', we've invited some guests". Hermione became flustered," well, of course you can stay, but, you should have said, I'm not sure if there's enough potion". They both hushed her," we have taken care of ourselves and the others who are coming, now, they're getting restless, go". They both turned and made to join Harry, Ron and the other Gryffindor's. Hermione and Draco moved back into position. "Now," commanded Draco," this is a game, to win is simple, become the one to get laid the most. Rules! Each sexual encounter counts as one, threesomes gain more points, anything above a foursome and its back to one point as were classing it as an orgy. There's no cheating, the potion you all drink tonight will have a trace charm that stops false marks. We count with your arm. Simply…finish" He faltered slightly to the delight of Harry who gave him a mock thumbs up. "Then…ere…after have your partner press there wand on your arm and speak their name. This will cause a tallying mark to appear on a board that we have magically adjusted and from this we'll find out who won later. If you sleep with the same person more than once that's fine, just make sure you get signed for each one". When Draco finished he shot Hermione a look of relief. He didn't think it mattered much that he was lying but it was still a tall order to spew it out to the entire crowd. Hermione had made it clear upon the night's conception that no one should win. That the whole event however not to her taste, in her mind was a celebration of youth after many of them had been forced into adulthood by war. The idea that one person should be singled out at the end didn't sit right with any of them and instead they had decide to just make something up. "Now while this is a game" Hermione continued on after Draco finished, "it's also dangerous. That's why we have these potions, everyone needs one and that's why we asked you to bring five sickles each..." Hermione was cut across by someone in the crowd for the first time. Zacharias Smith stood. "Why should we pay you, we can cast contraceptive charms ourselves for free", he yawned polishing his nails on his jumper. Draco's temper flared up and Smith was the perfect target for him to vent at," listen here you shite, she's worked bloody hard making these potions, it's taken a solid month of brewing, and ingredients cost money". He paused and gave Hermione another sideways glance before turning back to the boy, " Not to mention that it will also clear up, cancel out and stop the passing of anything that you might have crawling around down there now sit down and stop being a petty ungrateful slimy little git ". Draco stopped to take breath while the Gryffindor's, Slytherin's, Hufflepuff's and Ravenclaw's applauded him with jeers and whistles. Smith however, slunk back into his seat. Draco was one thing but to now the Weasley brothers were all fixing him with a deathly warning. Hermione smiled at Draco for his defence of her. "Well, now that we have that sorted there's one more serious issue, firstly, no means no . Tonight may mean open sex but if you take advantage then we have our own version of security". Crab and Goyle stood up, along with Ron. Ron was so tall now that even the two giant Slytherin's didn't match him. "It's also worth noting that there are a few people who aren't interested in what's going on tonight and they'll be shown no prejudice for opting out. You'll all remember that this means that the House Common rooms and dormitory's are out of bounds until you decide to go to bed". Draco spoke," As Hermione has just stated, this is open sex, we all know