A/N: This is my first Harry Potter fanfic, so please be supportive and/or bear with me. In any case, the story starts around Harry's sixth year at Hogwarts. With the advent of one or a small few of new characters, there will be new spells. I am also presuming that there are some wizards who learn magic outside of an academy and that there are other...types of magic, if you will. Also, I am presuming that there are other focuses besides wands: rods, staffs, and other things containing a focusing core (like a wand core). Key: "Thinking" "Speaking" Spell Prologue July 1980, Ireland Smiling to himself, a young man crept into the lightly lit, large bedroom towards a white antique crib next to the oak king-sized bed near the dresser. Gray light peeked through caerulean curtains on the far side of the room, the walls of which were a soothing rainbow of sunset shades. Cozy and warm from the gas heater, the quiet room seemed so peaceful and inviting at the early hours of dawn. Ruffling of sheets as an infant squirmed in the crib, somehow hearing the light steps of the man as he approached. Delicate and graceful, tanned hands eased the babe from its crib in a loving embrace. A content cute, high-pitched sigh and it stopped squirming, opening both its emerald and its amber eye, which when combined with the cheek-length golden-blonde hair made the seventh month old look older. The young man smiled at the infant, placing a tender kiss on its forehead after it squeezed his finger with strength. " I can't believe how fast you 're growing, son. Already you can walk some and look twice your age and already I can tell you'll grow into a smart handsome man, what with both my looks and your mother's." He thought with a smile, tucking a loose lock of his own blonde hair behind his ear as he tucked his son back into bed with a whispered "Love you, see you later." Emerald eyes turned to the right, falling upon the beautiful young woman laying in bed, just twenty years old-his age. "I never would've dreamed that I would marry and have a child with the love of my life just two years after we both graduated from Hogwarts. Thank you, Fate or whatever divine being for giving me good fortune in life, love, and magic." Upon finishing the thought, he sat gently on the bed, admiring the sleeping beauty. Angelic and peaceful, her beautiful oval-heart-shaped face, smooth and soft without a blemish, while long wavy locks of brown maple hair cascaded around her. With the back of his hand, the twenty year old stroked her cheek gently with affection. Placing a kiss on her cheek, another strand of hair came loose from his ponytail, tickling her awake. "Morning, Achilles," she whispered contentedly, eyes closed as she rolled next to the warmth and safety of her husband's body. "What are you doing up so early?" "Sorry for waking you, just wanted to say good morning, Freya. You look beautiful, love," Achilles said, stealing a kiss from her soft rose lips, "I got a call from work, though. It's urgent, they said, so I'll probably get back around ten in the morning." He grimaced upon saying those words. "Curious. I wonder what would warrant his camouflage jacket and pants, casting gloves, and wand," Freya thought, opening her eyes and taking in the welcome sight of Achilles. She loved her handsome husband and always felt safe around him, especially with several wizard enemies in pursuit. "Alright, but promise to be safe and don't play hero. You have a family now, so be responsible," Freya replied with a white smile. "Of course. You don't need to worry, love, I won't do anything stupid. And you already my magical power," Achilles chuckled, promising to come back unscathed. Looking deep into Freya's amber eyes, dread and anxiety burst violently. Foreboding premonitions of pain and death pounced from the shadows of the mind. Almost as soon as they appeared, however, the thoughts retreated without a trace, only leaving a barely detectable inkling of doubt of safety. Kissing his most precious person once more, Achilles bid a farewell and walked out the room silently, closing the large, cool red oak door. After straightening and brushing off the black and grey polyester track-jacket, combat boots, and black jeans, he walked a couple dozen paces down the hall and reached up to open the secret door to the roof. Palms on the panel he muttered a few words and released a wave of magic energy. Vermilion light snaked around the square panel's perimeter, coming loose with a pop and sliding to the side to reveal the roof, light gray light shining through it. A slight chill from the cool air slid across Achilles, who had hoisted himself through the hole, marveling at the pink light on the horizon from the East. A row of brick tiled similar two-story houses, white to custard yellow, sat on either side of the black asphalt river. A wood not too far away, expanse of pristine grasses, and patches of wild flowers lay around the community, a half-dozen kilometers away from the city that sprawled like a jungle in the distance. Achilles, shaking out nervous energy, gauged the distance from his position to the farthest edge of the roof and prepared to rush across those half-dozen meters before leaping off. " Put your head on straight. You've done this hundreds of times successfully so there's no need to get nervous, buddy ," he thought, getting into a racing position. He inhaled one last time and exploded forwards, covering the distance in a few bounds and leaping into the air with all speed and momentum possible. Arms elongated and bent into large wings, feet turned into talons, shrinking legs bent backwards, torso elongating and thinning, gunmetal-white feathers growing everywhere, and face morphed into that of an eagle. In short, as Achilles just dipped below the apex of the jump, he had turned into a harpy eagle of maximum size, flapping powerful wings a little over two meters total. The world shot into amazing clarity despite the animagus's elevation gliding and flapping towards the city at a timely eight kilometers per hour. Wing sliced across the streamlined body, roaring in the eagle's ears while the terrain slipped by in a semi-blur. Achilles quivered in excitement and exhilaration. Flying as a fast top predator never got old, instead only leaving an increased desire to do so. Caught up in these emotions, he tucked in his wings and dropped towards the ground. Wind howled like a banshee yet parted for the streamlined eagle with little resistance. Only when the ground zoomed in with extremely great detail, revealing toy-sized cars driving to the city, did the animagus pull up tightly, redirecting momentum to climb back up to a similar height. Shrieking exuberantly, he boasted to the world his flying abilities making good time nonetheless. "Alright, Achilles, you're almost there. They said that the man has a lot of info on the Irish National Liberation Army to hand over and requested the least corrupt and most capable person they had. He's probably in some form of danger, so now I'm gonna have Muggle enemies. God, this is biggest headache ever. The messes I get into." Anxiety and nervousness permeated through the animagus, as such a case and investigation would be the most dangerous. He had only taken his job as a way to keep check on any suspicious movements and dangers, yet he had risen in the ranks and became one of the best G2 operatives especially for counter-intelligence and counter-terror. Now it felt that today it would come back to bite him. "The whole thing is flawed and riddled with more holes than a giant Swiss cheese shot by a machine gun." One-way bullet-proof glass windows shone on the steel-and-concrete reinforced agency headquarters, a beacon like some other corporate buildings, though not as elegant. A wide eighteen story building, the roof provided enough cover for a certain eagle to land inconspicuously. Oh, and change back to human form, but that's just details. Cloaked in invisible clothing and assessing that the door was indeed locked, the wizard smirked and pointed at the door. " Alohomora " the blonde muttered, before hearing the deadbolts retract and the door swing open. "Well, so much for security, oh well," Achilles mused to himself as he strolled down the first couple spiraling flights of linoleum stairs. "Screw walking down stairs. It take too much effort," he huffed in frustration, still not entirely awake. Without a second thought, the invisible wizard lept over the steel railing and, wind roaring in his ears and biting his face, smiled at the predicament. Two flights before his floor, he cast a signature spell of his. "Protego injuriis " He thought, extending his right arm and catching the railing just above his floor. The railing slightly groaned and shook from the sudden great force and momentum transferred onto it, having not been made to stop the fall of insane people. Despite the speed and height of the fall, not a hint of pain or damage befell the daredevil even though his arm should've torn to some degree. No, pain and injury had been quite a foreign concept to Achilles, who smiled at, foiled, and flipped-off doom and death. Having honed speed, strength, magical power, dexterity, reflexes, quick-thinking, and analysis to the maximum, few could boast of his ability. He surpassed Dumbledore while at Hogwarts in his sixth year, making such a great number of enemies that the school erased every record about the blonde. It was hard at first because the place was the closest he had to a home, but survival came first. Freya too had amazing abilities, though she made more enemies by refuting to join Voldemort. "Stop thinking, damn it. Focus on your job or you will get killed, especially when you just became a target," Achilles tsked, swinging to the fourth floor and deactivating the invisibility. Knowing that a significant amount of adrenaline led to recklessness, the prodigy took a few deep breaths, pushing out all distractions from the mind. Achilles re-tied his blonde hair back into the customary ponytail that reached below the shoulder blades, since, with the two-meter height, wiry fighter build, trimmed goatee, and thug clothes, he seemed arresting and intimidating enough. The steel, window-less door opened easily to a bright white hallway where every hundred meters stood a pair of armored armed guards. "Hey, you there, stop! This place is off-limits!" a brawny bearded guard shouted with a thick Irish accent. He had a demanding and slightly nervous expression on his face, eyes twitching quickly to his older less-worried partner, both dressed in black Kevlar. "Huh, the man's definitely a greeny," Achilles thought, his mouth twitched in annoyance. Staring down the MP-5 pointed at him, he walked determined, both hands visible, towards the guard. The gun shook a little and the big man's mouth moved blaring words that washed over the blonde sorcerer, who seemed utterly mad to a scary extent. "Stop, mate! Seriously, one more step and I'll shoot!" As soon as those words left the new guard's mouth, Achilles stepped forward muttering a powerful and forbidden spell. Power surged from his veins, invisible threads sprung from the wizard's fingers and struck the guard, whose eyes glazed over and muttered a curt "Sorry, sir, didn't recognize you" before waving him past. "I almost feel sorry for Muggles. They lack proper protection against magic," Achilles reflected, slipping into the conference room that held a certain informant that would forever change his life. Five hours later Achilles's home "Leonardo, you are so cute," Freya giggled, her son clutching her wand and waving it like an ecstatic orchestra conductor. 'William Tell's Overture' played in the background and little Leo seemed to love it, smiling brilliantly, swishing the wand