Disclaimer : The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Rub Me The Right Way "I know what you need," Tanya says, flipping down her visor to block the sun. "What?" The question comes out a little more bitchy than I intend, but I can't help it. It's been a stressful day. "A nice massage," she replies in a soothing tone. "Then later tonight, we'll go out for drinks! It's the perfect remedy for a shitty week." "That doesn't sound bad, actually. I don't remember the last time I had one." I exhale heavily, resting my head against the seat and soaking up the sunshine. "But who would I call on such short notice?" "Lemme make a call. I'll see if I can get you in with my guy." Picking up her phone, she starts to dial before I grab it out of her hand. "What?" "Your guy ?" I squeak out. I haven't been touched by a guy in far too long, and I don't particularly want to start with a stranger. "Yeah. Is there a problem with that?" she asks, looking at me like I have three heads. "No, just… Isn't it kinda weird having a guy's hands all over you like that?" Tanya throws her head back and laughs loudly. "Oh, girl. One appointment with my guy and you'll be ruined for life." She draws out that last syllable, throwing her hand up like she's taking an oath. Tanya takes the phone back and makes the call. I'm only privy to her end of the conversation that is a stream of whines and squeals. She sounds like a Valley girl. "I got them to squeeze you in at six o'clock tonight. I told Riley it was an emergency." . . . . Two hours later, Tanya's dropping me off in front of The Fray. "Just tell them your name and that I called and made the appointment for you. They'll take care of the rest," Tanya instructs as I get out of the car. "Oh, and Bella, if you're offered the special menu, take it." "What?" "Don't ask questions! Just do it!" she says as she drives away, top down, hair blowing in the wind. It's a perfect metaphor for how she lives her life—free, uninhibited, and on the edge. I feel the familiar pang of jealousy in the pit of my stomach. Just once, I'd like to throw caution to the wind and live a day in her shoes, but my life doesn't roll like that. Where everything seems to happen so easily for her, I have to struggle for everything I get. It's not fair, but I remind myself that it's what makes me me . And I'm okay with that. Really. So, I suck it up and put on my happy face. When I walk into the spa, I immediately feel my tension level drop. There is a wonderful aroma made up of lavender and something else I can't put my finger on, but it's heavenly. I want to bottle it up and take it with me. As I'm closing my eyes and inhaling deeply, a greeting interrupts my moment of bliss. "Welcome to The Fray," the peppy girl at the front desk says, giving me a warm smile. "Do you have an appointment?" "Yes, Bella Swan. My friend, Tanya, made the appointment for me," I answer, just like Tanya instructed. "Oh! You're Bella!" The name recognition only makes her peppiness go up to a level five… on a scale from one to four. "I knew when Tanya said it was an emergency, I had to work you in. Please sit down and relax. I'll go get your room ready." She starts to turn around and walk down the hall but stops. "Can I get you some hot tea or a spritzer?" "No, I'm fine. Thank you, though." She must be on drugs. No one is naturally that happy. "Okay, I'll be right back." A few minutes later, she instructs me to go down the hall to room number two and strip down. "All the way down," she reiterates. The doubt must have been written all over my face. The thought of being naked with a man in the room makes me tense up. I'm supposed to be here relaxing, but how can I when I'm freaking out over being naked? I take a deep breath and try to convince myself that everything will be fine. Tanya comes here once a week. If she can do it, I can do it. Fly like the wind, Bella. Be free. When I'm completely nude and lying face down, tucked under the softest sheets I've ever felt, I hear a light tap at the door. "Are you ready for me?" a voice asks from the other side of the door. And it's like pure honey… low but not too gruff. Confident, edging on cocky. Smooth yet still very manly. "Ye—es," I answer, giving him permission to enter, and my voice breaks like I'm a thirteen-year-old boy who just hit puberty. I hear his footsteps walk closer to the table, and I want to look up to see what his face looks like. I want to see if it goes with the voice. "You must be Bella." "Yeah," I answer, suddenly feeling like my shy junior high self. "You must be Riley?" I ask softly, remembering the name Tanya had said on the phone earlier. The honey-laden voice laughs. "The only way I would be Riley is if I was a half foot shorter, had long brown hair, and a thing for dudes." I feel the heat from his body as he stands near me. "I'm Edward." I can't lie here any longer without seeing what he looks like. When I hear him walk away, I strain my neck to catch a glimpse. And now I know why curiosity killed the cat. My gaze starts at his strong, well-defined jaw and doesn't stop until I get to the messiest bronze-colored hair I've ever seen, not missing the mesmerizing green eyes that are smiling down at me. I pinch myself under the sheet and wince. "Are you okay?" he asks, coming around to the side of the table. "Fine, yeah, it's nothing." I just had to make sure I haven't died and gone to heaven . "Let's get started, shall we?" The smile he's giving me warms me from the inside out and renders me speechless. So I nod my head in agreement and try to will away the blush I feel creeping up on my cheeks. On one hand, I'm relieved that I'm lying face down. He won't see me blush, and I won't feel embarrassed about my B-cup boobs. On the other hand, I'm feeling jipped, because I could stare at him all damn day. I bet people pay extra to have his services. And at that, I feel moisture between my legs. Fuck. This is such a bad idea. Just when I'm making my escape plan, his smooth voice is at my ear, and a soft melodic tune is playing in the background. Jazz, maybe? "You just relax and leave the rest to me," he says. I want to watch him, but I do as I'm told and try to relax, closing my eyes, letting him soothe my aches and pains. His hands gently begin to rub my shoulders, thumbs working out tension under the skin. His touch is firm but not too firm, and I'm lost—lost in his touch, lost in the luscious smells, just lost. Fuck. This is the best idea ever. The more he rubs, working over my shoulders, the more relaxed I feel. His hands slowly working away any awkwardness and any regrets about taking Tanya's advice. "Tanya said this would be good, but I had no idea." My words end with a whorish moan, but I don't even care. I'll give him about a thousand years to stop what he's doing. His movements pause for a brief second. "Oh, you're friends with Tanya?" he asks, switching from kneading to a more gentle rub. "Best friends." "Really? Well, she's a very loyal customer," he says, each word sounding like a bedtime story or an erotic book. That last thought needs to leave. Just thinking about Edward saying anything R-rated makes me squeeze my thighs together. He'd make a perfect radio DJ… or a phone-sex operator. Stop it, Bella. "Your hands are magic. Do you have them insured?" My filter left with the tension in my right shoulder… and that nagging pain I've been having in my neck. Gone. All of it. He laughs lightly, and it's delicious. "What?" "You know like Heidi Klum insured her legs for a million dollars, and Bruce Springsteen insured his voice. I heard Jennifer Love Hewitt is thinking about insuring her boobs for a million as well. Which is smart thinking, because she has great boobs." The verbal vomit flows freely from my mouth, and I can't contain the next moan that's trying to escape. "Oh, God. That feels amazing." Edward's hands are now running down my arms with just the right amount of pressure. "You can call me Edward." He chuckles, digging in a little deeper, eliciting another exaggerated sigh from me. As he moves to my back, I feel myself slipping into a state of unconsciousness. Even though I've zoned out, I'm still aware of Edward's touches and the way he smells and the soft sounds that come out of his mouth, all of it combining to stoke the fire that has started deep inside. "I'm going to start on your legs now," he says, walking down to the end of the table. About twenty minutes ago, I might have been opposed to him touching me below the waist, but with each stroke, my walls are crumbling. Why does this feel like a very long session of foreplay? I try to rein in the rampant thoughts, but my body and my brain have disconnected. "Mmmmm. That feels..." . . . . EPOV I swear to God, if she moans one more time, my dick is going to injure itself trying to force its way out of my pants. I want to ask her if she's interested in something extra… offer her the special menu. I mean, she is best friends with Tanya, and Tanya doesn't leave without a happy ending. Riley would probably kill me for offering without his approval. He likes to do a little background check before someone new is placed on the list . Normally, I follow protocol because I like my job, and I want to keep it. And also because I'm too pretty for prison, but right now, I don't really give a fuck. Ever since I walked in and saw her lying on my table, I've been hard. That doesn't usually happen. I'm excellent at separating business and pleasure. It's what makes me so damn good at my job. Well, that and these magic hands, as Bella referred to them. I'd like to show her just how magic they can be. She has no fucking idea how good I can make her feel. I guess I could… I pause momentarily, warring with policy and need. I want to touch her. I'd love nothing more than to see her fall apart on my table. But, I could get fired. And what exactly would Riley do without me? "Find someone else with magic hands," the annoying voice in my head replies. That voice can go fuck itself. I could argue the fact that she was referred here by Tanya, and that is how we normally get new clients on the list: referrals. She moans again, her body shifting under the sheets. Fuck it. I'll take the heat. ' Tis better to ask forgiveness than permission. That's my motto. And I want to touch her. And I'm a selfish bastard who usually gets what he