A/N - I thought of a new story idea so I wanted to publish it. Enjoy. Legend of a Hero is also complete, feel free to read that one as well. Third Person POV A man sat shackled in a cell. His jet black hair matted and full of dirt. His once bright green eyes now a dull dark green, void of any emotion and life. The look of a man who has lost everything. Dried up blood covered his entire body. He sat miserably against the cold stone wall. The voices of people cheering in the world above him stirred him awake as he realized where he was and how he got there. Rats with their tiny little feet jittered across the cold floor of the cell. Water dripped from the ceiling onto to face as he slowly opened up his mouth to get a little taste of the unpurified water, savoring it, using it to stay alive. As he awaited his doomed fate, he remembered what had happened. Ω Thrace, Greece A small army led by a Roman commander marched into the tiny village that sat beneath the mountains of Thrace, the Thracians watched as they made their way to the center of the village before coming to a halt and their leader got down from his horse and strode forward to speak. A man hearing all the commotion decided to move toward it all and hear what was going on. He look as the men of the village protested and shouted at the Romans to leave. He also saw the village elder telling them to calm down and let the Romans speak. "Hold your fucking tongues, let the Roman have his say."The vulgar language of the village elder got them to stop shouting and everyone in the vicinity quieted down to hear the Roman out. "Thrace and my republic of Rome have known their differences. We've not always been as brothers. But let us put aside such matters. Unite in a just cause." The Roman had a firm and strong voice as he spoke. The village elder scoffed, "You pushed your way into our land, and now you stand before us asking for our help? Your hand extended?" Choruses of agreement came from the men of Thrace soon after. "I extend no hand. I'm here merely to inform. Mithridates and his men attack from the East, approaching from the Black Sea." The Roman spoke once again only to be countered by the village elder once more. "Far away from our villages of Thrace, we have no need to get involved!" The Roman nodded, "True, but the barbarians around your village, the Getae, will take advantage of the distraction caused by Mithridates and his men. Their hordes amass in the North, barely a week's march from your village." "How many?" The Roman spoke only one word, "Thousands." Disarray and disagreements sprung from the men, not wanting to believe the man in front of them. Seeing the discomfort and disbelief, the Roman took advantage of it. "Align yourselves with the Republic of Rome, pledge your services to our auxiliary and join us in our campaign!" The man with jet black hair and bright green eyes walked towards the front of the crowd from the back from where he was standing, "To what end?" The crowd quieted down and watched as the Roman turned his attention to the man in front of him. "Victory." The man with jet black hair and green eyes spoke again, "And how is this victory you speak of to be measured? The Getae have raided our villages before in the past, raped our women, killed our children, and each time we have pushed them back only to see them return." The village elder spoke, "This young man speaks out of turn but speaks the truth." The young man cut his elder off, "If we are to align with Rome, the purpose must be clear." He looked straight into the eyes of the Roman, pleased with his discomfort at being stared down. "The Getae must die. All of them." The Roman nodded, a straight look on his face as he did so, "Dead." He agreed. "All of them." The men of Thrace yelled and shouted and cheered, as if a sure victory had already been won. The young man with black hair and green eyes and the Roman leader's eyes were still locked in a stare that no one paid any attention to. The young man turned his back and walked away. Ω The young man walked into a small tent, a middle aged woman sat beside the fire as she whispered her prayers. "The council has decided." She spoke softly. The young man nodded, "We go to war." The woman stood up with a blade in her hand and gave it to the young man, "I've asked the gods to bless your sword." The young man took the sword from the woman's grasp, "With the Getae dead and out of our lands, there will be no reason to ever pick this sword up again mother." The young man's mother smiled softly, her dark brown hair was starting to turn gray, her bright blue eyes still had a twinkle in them. She chuckled lightly, "What would my boy do without a sword in his hands? You were raised to be a fighter, the best swordsmen I've ever met." The young man smiled, "I'll stay here with you, grow crops, raise animals. find a wife, bear children." His mother brushed a lock of hair that had fallen over his eyes, "You would fight no more?" She asked but then shook her head, "You were born to fight, the gods gave you to me so the world could see how strong you are." She stood and kissed his forehead. "How soon do you march?" She asked her only son. "First of light tomorrow." He answered. "Sleep my son, you have a new journey ahead of you. I feel it is going to be one full of misery but I hope that you will do what is right in the end." Ω The next morning, the young man woke up right before dawn and got dressed. His sword strapped to his back. He walked out of his tent to find his mother awake, as if she hadn't slept all night, staring out towards the horizon. "Mother?" "I prayed for you all night, my son. That my son would stay here and not have to go." "I thought we were in an agreement, mother." She nodded, "We were. But the gods came to me in my dreams last night and they showed me what was to become of you if you go." The young man raised his eyebrow, "What did they show you?" "My son on his knees, bowing before a great red serpent. The life draining from his veins." "What meaning did you take from it?" She thought for a second before answering, "A warning. If you go to war, you are destined for great and unfortunate things." He grabbed his mother's hands, like a final goodbye. "The Getae worship the mountain wolf, they place no faith in snakes. Rest assured that no harm will come to me, mother. It was just a dream." "And if it isn't just a dream?" "I gave my word, mother, blood and honor. It speaks to the man in me. Nothing will keep me from returning back home. Not the Getae, not the Romans, and not even the Gods themselves." His mother broke down in tears and hugged her only boy, now a grown man. She pulled back and removed her necklace, the one she had worn for as long as he can remember. "This now belongs to you." She said as she put the necklace around his neck. The silver chain rested against his chest as the dark green trident dangled from it. Unbeknownst to them, the trident glowed a bright green. His mother looked him straight in the eyes before saying only three words that would haunt him for the rest of his life, "Kill them all." The young man let go of his mother and walked to join the rest of the men, what he didn't know was that this would be the last time he would ever see his mother. Ω Winter had set in as the men charged against Mithridates and his men, the young man was quick on his feet as he slashed and hacked away at anyone that didn't carry Thrace or Rome's sigil. Blood and limbs scattered the grounds as the white snow turned a blood red. The forest around them had been completely burned down and there was no sign of life yet whatsoever. The young man yelled and raised his sword, "Hold the line!" Vulgar comments filled the air as the men of Thrace attacked viciously and without mercy. "I'll fuck all your women!" "I'll fuck them all!" One man yelled as he stabbed his spear through the back of one of Mithridates' men. "Where the fuck are the Romans?!" Another man yelled as they all started to notice that the Romans had yet to join them on the battleground, seeing as most of their men were starting to die, they needed the help badly. "Show them no mercy!" The village elder yelled as he cut the throat of another man before him, blood spraying all over his face and armor as it dripped down onto the ground. The village elder fell to the ground as one man snuck up behind him and slashed his back, he fell to the ground as his eyes were wide open as if he couldn't believe someone had bested him. The man stood on top of him as he grabbed two spears and gouged the elder's eyes out and listened to the elder's screams of agony in pleasure. The young man noticed the Roman army riding in with their cavalry and also noticed one of their archers nocking an arrow back, he picked up a sword lying on the ground and flung it towards him and watched as the sword got embedded right in his skull. More and more men came at him as he continued to weave in and out of fights, cutting off limbs and dismembering heads, he had no time to look at the destruction he had left behind. "Romans! Forward!" Came the voice of the Roman leader as trumpets were sounded. The Thracians watched as the Mithridates ran and retreated to fight another day. "A little late cunts!" One Thracian yelled at the Roman leader only to get ignored. The young man just stared, "They only get in the way." Ω The young man walked towards the cliff that was above the Roman camp and looked down, and then he looked back towards his men. How disrespectful was it of the Romans to ask them for their help but not give them any kind of tent to keep warm in the cold winter nights. He walked back towards the makeshift camp he and his comrades had set up, one of the men was serving dinner. A large brute spit out the soup he had been given and sneered, "Even my shit would taste better than this!" As he grabbed the neck of the man who had cooked for them. "If you don't like it then don't eat it cunt!" The brute yelled, "The Romans are over there feasting on meat while we get this shit!" He kicked over the pot of soup as everyone growled at him. The young man cleared his throat as the attention was drawn to him instead. The brute turned his attention towards him, "What do you have to say, little man?" "A word." "And what word would that be?" The brute mocked him. "The word I gave to the Romans, with blood and honor, we all gave them our word to help push Mithridates and his men and