I'm sure everyone is wondering how Embry and Sera came about, so here is their story. I am planning on posting a story for each character that plays a role in The Uley Girls. I hope you enjoy Embry and Sera's story. Remember read and review. Chapter 1: At First Glance Moving away from my home in Los Angeles wasn't on my to-do list for the summer. Instead of spending my summer on the beaches in California catching some waves with friends, sunbathing, or shopping, I would be spending my summer on an Indian reservation in dark and dreary Washington. All of this because of my latest run in with the cops. I didn't see why it mattered so much that I was only seventeen and had gotten caught fooling around with a nineteen year old on the beach after hours. Age was just a lousy number. He got arrested, and I got sent home to my foster parent who finally decided she had enough of my antics. So the government was sending me to another state, and to another family that they hoped would change me for the better. Yeah, like that's ever going to happen. I didn't give a damn about what happened to me. I was going to do whatever the hell I wanted. Why should I care anyway? Life fucked me over the day I was born. My mother died that day. It fucked me over again at the age of ten. I was kidnapped and raped for four years. Then when the authorities found me and returned me to my father, life fucked me over again by killing him three months later. So why was it such a big surprise I had such a pessimistic attitude on life? After everything I've been through I sure as hell wasn't going to be an optimist. I even told that to my foster parent, the authorities and my therapist- who I stopped seeing last year. I was the problem child no one even wanted, but apparently some couple in Washington volunteered to take care of me and if all went well they were thinking about adopting me before the year was over. You can imagine my surprise when they told me this. Hell I was even more surprised when I found out it was a Native American couple. Like seriously? Is this a joke? It wasn't. When they picked me up at the airport in Seattle, my jaw about hit the floor. The man- who I later learned was Sam- had to be at least 6'4". He was huge. At least to me he seemed pretty big compared to my short frame and the height of his wife, Emily. Emily was only slightly taller than me. I stood at the height of 5'5". Emily had scars on one side of her face that she told me was from being mauled by a bear years ago. She seemed friendly to me. Sam just seemed content with her happiness and was semi quiet during our long drive to La Push. When we got to the house, Sam announced that he had to leave. Emily let him go, no questions asked and showed me to my room which was bigger than the closet sized room I had at my last home. It was upstairs right next to hers and Sam's room. Emily left me to unpack as she made dinner. She told me that she had to start now because of the large amount that Sam and the boys ate. I told her I'd help her. About an hour or so later the front door opened and the sound of male voices and laughter reached my ears. Emily smiled as a tall woman walked into the kitchen. "Hey, Leah." Emily said grabbing the basket for the muffins. "Shouldn't you be out there with the boys?" Leah shook her head. "Nah. I wanted to meet your new house guest before the boys got to her." "Oh. Well, this is Seraphim or Sera for short." Emily said. "Sera this is Leah, my cousin." "Hey, there." Leah nodded toward me. "What boys?" I asked genuinely curious. Emily smiled as she piled muffins into a basket. "Most are Sam's friends. The younger ones are local boys that look up to Sam and the others. Sam and his friends are mentors to the younger boys." I studied her for a moment, trying to decide if the false note I heard in her tone was worrisome or not. Emily smiled and stared right back. I eventually shrugged it off. Why worry about a possible lie, when I might not even be here that long? If they had secrets I had no right to butt in. And they had no right to know what my secrets were. "Lee! Where's the food?" A male voice called. Leah groaned. She grabbed a few muffins from the basket before walking to the kitchen doorway and throwing them. "There. Now shut up." She looked at me and smirked. Emily handed me the basket of muffins. "Why don't you go in the living room and keep the boys from getting rowdy." She said to me and Leah. Leah grabbed the other basket which was full of cookies and led the way to the living room. "So I heard you're from LA." Leah said. "Yeah I am." I replied looking at the ground. "It must be nice there." "Well, it's not rainy all the time there." Leah laughed. "We've got muffins and we've got cookies. Who wants some?" Leah asked the crowd in the living room. When I glanced up, I dropped the basket I was holding. There were way too many shirtless guys in the living room. I quickly averted my eyes to the ground to see if the basket dumped all over the floor. Instead of finding a mess on the floor, I saw a hand holding the basket out to me. I looked up to meet a pair of brown eyes. The boy who stood in front of me holding the basket, waiting for me to take it, smiled. "What ever you do, never drop Emily's cooking. It's a waste of good food." The boy warned. "Oh, Jake leave her alone." Leah shooed him as she came to stand by me. I took the basket from Jake and kept staring. "As I'm sure you've figured out, I'm Jake." He said. "And I'm Quil." Another guy came up behind Jake clapping his hand on Jake's back. "Uh, hi." I said. There were way too many eyes on me. I didn't know what to do. I felt like some kind of freak. I was the only person in the room with blonde hair and sun tanned skin. The only one with green eyes. I stuck out like a sore thumb. All these eyes on me weren't helping. I felt like I did when I was fourteen. When the press violated my personal space. My life. They followed me every where, trying to get me to tell them more about what happened to me. They were especially bad after my father's death. I began to shake. My fight or flight instincts were kicking in. I wanted out of here. Out of this room full of people I didn't know. Out of this house. I was about to bolt when I felt an arm drop around my shoulder and pull me to their side. I looked up to see Emily standing next to me. Her arm was merely her way of comforting me. "Boys, don't crowd her too much now." Emily said. "She doesn't know any of you." Most of the guys nodded, others just curiously stared. "Where's the third musketeer?" Emily asked looking at Jake and Quil. Quil shrugged. Jake sighed. "He's around. He should be here soon though. I guess he wanted to clear his head, what with what his mother told him and everything." Emily sighed. Leah handed the basket of cookies to one of the guys on the couch, then she took the muffins from me and handed it to him also. He began passing the baskets around to everyone in the room. Leah looked at Jake with her hands on her hips. "And where is my brother?" Jake laughed. "I don't know. We lost him." "Lost him! What do you mean you lost him? You're supposed to watch out for him, Jake!" Leah looked like she was going to hit him. Jake smiled and grabbed Leah's arm pulling her into a hug. "Chill, Lee. Seth is fine. He went by Charlie's to see your mom." "Don't scare me like that." Leah grumbled as she relaxed against Jake. Everyone was staring at them as if they had two heads. If I could bet anything, I would bet that there was something going on between Leah and Jake that the others didn't know about. It was all in the way they acted. She was calm the second he touched her. He was caring toward her. Jake sighed and released Leah. "I have to go watch Nessie, but I'll see you guys later." Jake looked at me. "It was nice meeting you. Hopefully everything works out for you here." After Jake left, Quil soon followed mumbling something about babysitting a girl named Claire. The others spread around the living room eating until slowly one by one the younger boys left. Three hours later and only Seth, who I learned was Leah's little brother, Paul and Jared remained. Jared was sprawled on the couch, Paul was on the floor leaning against the couch, Seth was in the recliner with Leah sitting on the arm and Sam and Emily were sitting on the love seat. I was on the floor leaning against the wall. Everyone was quiet for awhile before they all started talking again. I got up and went outside. The cool breeze felt good. The house had been somewhat hot the whole day. I saw the porch swing swinging from the corner of my eye. With how fast it was moving there was no way the wind was doing that. I turned toward the swing to see a man sitting there. His head was in his hands. I was unsure of what to do. I didn't know this man, but I was also pretty sure that he didn't live here. I took a step backward to the door. The porch creaked and the man's head snapped up, his eyes meeting mine. I gasped. He looked as shocked as me. He must've noticed how frightened I was because he opened his mouth to say something as he stood. He took a step toward me. "You… you… you stay right there!" I stuttered. "Don't come any closer." He froze and stayed where he was. Sam must've heard my voice because he came out and froze behind me. He hit the light switch for the light on the porch and I squinted at the sudden brightness. "What are you doing out here, Embry? We were expecting you hours ago." Sam said laying a calming hand on my shoulder. Embry's eyes didn't leave me. I looked away and to Sam, unsure. Sam rubbed my shoulder. Sam had a shocked look on his face before he met my eyes. "Sera, this is Embry, my brother. Embry, this is Sera. She's going to be living with us until she graduates." Sam said. "Hi." Embry said quietly. I looked at him. Eyeing him. He was another stranger. One who wouldn't stop looking at me. The way he was looking at me was creepy. He was tall like the others but he seemed more intimidating. "Hello." I said slowly. He leaned down and picked up a duffle bag. He looked at Sam. "Which room is mine?" "The one across the hall from the kitchen. Emily made the bed and everything for you." Sam paused. "Sera, why don't you go inside? I'm sure you still have some things you want to do