My Everything ~Tough girl, in the fast lane. No time for love, no time for hate. No drama, no time for games. Tough girl who's soul aches~ -Sia: Big Girls Cry It has happened ever since I was little. I used to walk around in a flowery gown and pretend that Aro would sneak into my window at night. I would leave it open and stay up way past bedtime. It was often the cause of many sleepless nights. As I grew up, they became more and more frequent. I could be hanging out with my friends when they'd hit, or I could be in the comfort of my room. I think they simply didn't care, as long as I saw what they wanted me to see. I started keeping a diary and it has been my little project since the age of six. I'm now eighteen. In fact, today is my birthday. I don't have many friends. Just the Cullen's. I love them so much, its like they are my second family. When we were chased last year, I was sure that they were going to abandon me and that I'd never see my friends and family again. Then they came, but not before James bit me. I didn't tell anybody what really happened after that, what I really felt and saw. Because they would've thought that I was a lunatic, crazy, hallucinating. They would think that I was mad. But I'm not. I assure you, I am one hundred percent sane. I just don't know how to tell anyone without painting a picture of madness. "Bella!" called Alice, Edward's hyper 'sister'. Or for those in the know, coven-member. "Yes Alice, I remember. We're going to yours for my birthday party. Yay." My voice came out unexcited and thick with sarcasm. She frowned before pulling me into the car and starting it up. Before I even had my seatbelt on, she was zooming out of the parking lot. I was flung forward but put an arm on the seat in front just in time to stop the connection my cheek would have made with it instead. "Whoa, Alice. Couldn't you have waited until I was safe before nearly killing me!" I practically screamed. She grimaced. "Nothing would've happened. I would have seen it, remember." She tapped her head. I rolled my eyes, sitting back and staring out the window. Once we hit the motorway, she started blabbing about the party and how, I quote, 'absolutely adorable you're going to look in your dress and your hair is going to be fabulous!' I zoned out, going into a meditative state in between awake and asleep. In no time, we were pulling into the Cullen driveway. Taking a deep breath, I stepped out, the cold air hitting my face. Something was different about tonight. I could feel it in the air. Alice and I walked to the front door of the Cullen Residence. Before we could even laid a hand on the door, it pulled open and there stood Carlisle. He smiled, pulling it open more. As I entered, I couldn't help but admire Esme's fine work. The rooms were spacious and modern, while holding the hint of vintage and Victorian. The walls were painted teal and had a marble-ish effect. My attention was drawn to Edward, who leaned casually against the living room doorframe. He smiled, and I mirrored him. That was the thing about Edward. He loved me first. Not the other way around. After learning about their secret, I of course spent more time with them. They were intriguing and added a little colour, or lack thereof, to my bland life. In a way, they reminded me of Aro, and I desperately wanted him to be real. Edward had the same pale complexion, yet Aro's always seemed that shade whiter. His eyes were kind of hard to see, although sometimes I thought I caught flashes of ruby red. Just the thought of how they bore into mine with such an intensity brought on such a strong wave of love it made my breath catch. Jasper stood in the corner, and raised an eyebrow. I made a point of ignoring him and hugging Edward instead. That as the only setback. Jasper could sense that not 100% of my love was directed at his 'brother', and it made me nervous. I had no doubt that he had no problem shielding his thoughts from Edward, I mean, everyone could probably do it by now. Well, everyone except for Emmett. But I was still nervous nonetheless. Together, we went upstairs. As we got to the second landing, I noticed a huge cross at eye level. "What's up with that?" I asked, pointing to the cross. "As a human, Carlisle was a catholic, his father a priest. And, although I'm not sure he still believes in God anymore, he still wants some piece of what he grew up with. Its like a reminder of what he once had. We all have something. I play the piano, Rosalie makes it a point to look good, Emmett loves bears- to eat of course- and Esme cooks for the local homeless shelter. Jasper, well, he practises fighting with Emmett and has his Civil War books but Alice is the only one with no recollection of what happened in her human life. She fills the void with shopping," Edward responded. I nodded and we moved on. Then, we came to a painting. There, in the centre on the balcony stood Aro. I gasped. He looked just as how I remembered him. His long, black hair fell over his shoulders and he stood tall, regal, and emanated power. Two men stood next to him- vaguely familiar- one that has long brown hair, disturbingly similar to mine, and the other has hair such a light blonde, it looks white. There, in the corner, stood Carlisle. I was shocked. Aro's real? Carlisle knew Aro? What did all of this mean? "They are the Volturi, save for Carlisle of course. They are the ruling vampires coven for the vampire world. They ensure that no vampire brakes the rules and expose us to the humans. They are considered… royalty, if you will. The one in the centre, the main king, is called Aro. He has the power to see every thought you have ever had. Marcus is his brother-in-venom. He can see all your ties and can tell you who your mate is and whatnot. Caius is the third king, and although he has no power, he has incredible strategy skills. Together, they make the Volturi Kings with their ruthless guard. Two of the vampires on their guard have horrible powers; one, Jane, can create an illusion of pain so powerful, it feels like you're going through your change again. But she can only do it to one person at a time. Her twin brother, Alec, has basically the opposite effect. He can make you lose all your senses, rendering you helpless and a body with no essence. Unlike his sister, he can incapacitate more than one person at a time. A very useful and lethal weapon in battles. Together, he and his sister make the witch twins." I knew everything except for the part about Jane and Alec. Oh well, the more info, the better. I filed away all this new information for later. Surely this could come in handy. "Come on Bella, you need to get dressed." Alice pulled me away and I groaned as she pulled me upstairs to the third floor. When we got to her bedroom, I couldn't help but gasp. Nobody knew that I secretly loved fashion. I only pretended that I didn't because Edward said those who spend too much time working on their appearance, look ugly on the inside. Like the way he first described Rosalie to me. I imagined her to be a self-righteous, pompous ass but it turns out, although she is quite rude to me, that she is fiercely loyal and a great member to have as part of ones coven. Alice skipped over to the wardrobe and plucked out a blue dress for me. I scrunched up my face. Personally, I think red suits me better, but hey, whatever floats her boat. For the next hour, I was pampered and beautified until my skin hurt, nails felt heavy and my hair fell in soft waves down my back. I walked down the stairs slowly, giving the impression that I didn't know how to walk in heels. In fact, I was a pro. Just last summer, I had learnt to run in them. But acting is acting and my life is on screen. As I got to the bottom, I looked up. The entire family was assembled and they looked amazing. My heart pounded as I took them all in. I walked over to Edward, who had put in a bit of effort. His copper hair was combed back and he looked good. "Thank you, all of you, for being here. It means so much to me." "Any time, dear. You are a part of our family now. We want to make you feel as welcome as we can," smiled Esme. "Okay, present time!" cried Alice. I frowned. Rosalie walked forward and handed me a box. "Alice picked it out." She smiled slightly and I did too. "Thank you," I whispered, giving the image of a timid lamb. Edward frowned at her, and I felt bad. No need for them to turn on each other. "Here you go. Jasper and I got it for you," said Emmett, handing me a box. It felt light and I shook it. When it made no sound, I opened it up, curious, to find nothing. "Uh, thanks." Emmett laughed. "I already installed it. It was a stereo system. Something for that beat up old thing-" I cut him off. "Don't hate the truck," I said. Everyone laughed. Then it was Edward's turn. "Here. I didn't spend any money." He smiled slightly, although I could see it was a strained one. This morning, he had seen the camera Charlie and Renée had given me for my birthday. Then, Jacob had turned up at my school to give me a present. Edward handed me a cd. On it, said Bella's lullaby . I smiled. "Thank you, it's perfect." He smiled back. Next up: Carlisle and Esme. Esme came forward to present a white envelope. "They are tickets to Florida. Maybe you wanted to see your mum after the, uh, rough summer you've had." She smiled slightly. I opened the envelope, eager to see how many, since she had said ticket s . But, clumsy ol' me had to ruin the moment and get a paper cut. The blood pooled instantly. "Ah. A paper cut." I looked down at it, then back up. Everyone's eyes, save for Carlisle's had gone dark. Jasper took a step forward. "Edward, don't," he growled. I looked up at Edward to see him staring at my finger hungrily. My heart thudded, especially so when he looked at my jugular. I took a tentative step to the side, towards Jasper. That seemed to snap something in him, and he crouched low in front of me. " Mine!" he growled. Jasper too took on a defensive pose. I was suddenly scared. But not for Jasper, for Edward. Jasper was, after all, God of War, fearsome survivor of the southern wars. Anyone who dared try to take him on was obviously suicidal. Rosalie came to life, her eyes no longer dark but burning amber and alight with fury. She leapt forward at Edward, going for the obvious kill. It was clearly a distraction, but Edward had to defend himself. While he did that, Jasper snuck up behind him and pinned his arms down. Rosalie and Jasper moved as one, as if linked in one mind. They understood each other and it showed in the way they