A/N: Hey guys. This is my second fanfiction and I hope you all like it. Please give it a chance. Chapter 1: Mission I was summoned so I went. I flew up to the Great Castle, letting my glory shine brighter than it was already. The guards stepped back, giving me a nod in acknowledgment. I nodded back. Most people of my position didn't bother to do so since they believed that they were better than the guards. I think they failed to realise that the Creator was in us all, twenty-four/seven so he knew what people did. I folded back my wings. They have always been a weird violet colour. I ran my hands through my raven black hair that fell to the middle of my back. I closed my eyes that burned amber so intense I felt the heat coming off of them in waves. I gave myself the once over; making sure my warriors uniform wasn't torn and tattered. I wouldn't want to go before Him like that now would I? As I waited for Him to call me in, I thought about what this could be for. The Creator often called upon me, probably because I was His first made Angel and we had this informal connection that lacked in others. When in private, we had this sort of friendly banter, although I would never forget his position. "Come in Isabella," I hear Him call. Letting out a deep breath, I walked into the room. Now, when it came to The Creator, you couldn't actually see him. Sure, he could take on a human form and look just like you and me, but normally, he would be like how he is naturally; a mere golden presence that seemed to thicken as you got closer to Him. I found Him instantly, my eyes turning a burning emerald. My eyes change depending on my mood and I found that the blazing green colour I got when around The Creator meant respect and loyalty beyond measure. The Creator was the only one who had that effect on me. For some odd reason, he laughed every time he saw them, my eyes. One would think that after millennium of seeing it you would eventually get used to it. But nope, he still chuckled every single time, which would lead me to smile, which I rarely did these days. On Earth, there were reports of people going missing. On each and every one of them they are put down as 'savage animal attacks'. But up here, we all knew better; it was Lucifer's creations causing damage. But it was too late to obliterate them because they have become a part of the Earth's occupants and play a role for the survival of mankind. "My dear Isabella, we have a problem on our hands," He said, His voice solemn. I quickly changed to soldier mode, assessing the danger in the room. I know that The Creator could easily defend himself against things even I couldn't fathom, but I would never allow it to come to that. I would die trying to protect Him even if He could have fought off the potential evil with the flick of his wrist. I was passionate when it came unto my leader, my friend, my confessor. "What is it, my lord?" I asked. "None of that Isabella. One would imagine that after millennium of me telling you that you would finally succumb. I have made one stubborn Angel," He smiled. I laughed. How was it he was able to make me laugh in even the most serious of times? "On a more serious note, I have a very important mission for you. Once you go, you cannot return without completing your mission." I nodded, serious once more. "Your mission is this: you are to go to Earth and assist a group of vampires that are currently living in America. Charles will go with you and take on the form of your father while you will look the age of 17 and attend High School. I trust you will have no problem with modern technology. You must get close to the coven. They're called the Cullen's, most of them have gifts and there are seven in total. Edward and Alice are mates. Edward can read minds and Alice has foresight depending on your choices. They are not indefinite. Emmett and Rosalie are mates. Emmett has eternal newborn strength and Rosalie has immense beauty allowing her to persuade or compel anyone to do anything she wants. Carlisle and Esme are mates. Carlisle has amazing control over his thirst. Finally Jasper, formally known as the God of War. He has joined the coven and lives with them now. He is an empath and has yet to find his mate but he will soon. Any questions? " My mind whirred, taking in all this information. I had heard many stories of Major Jasper Whitlock, God of War. I had fought alongside him once, not that he noticed. He went crazy when he fought an all rational thoughts were out the window. I had to clean up after he fled the Southern Wars and put an end to them. Charles is one of the few people I have respect for and I actually consider him a friend. It would be fun going with him, but awkward for him setting curfews and all that when I am older than him by thousands of centuries. He'll love it though, and that's what scares me. Regarding the Cullen's, I guess they're not too complicated. But why am I going in the first place? "Why will I be going in the first place? They seem to be quite content," I asked. "Well, they have a different diet, so to speak. Instead of human blood, the Cullen's drink animal blood. They value human life. They will be facing a newborn army soon and they wont be able to survive the fight, even with the God of War on their side. So, I guess they now need the Queen, or Goddess of War, AKA you." I chuckled. It was funny hearing The Creator use abbreviations. "So, what will my name be?" I asked. I needed a back up story and I needed to memorize it, perfect it, and make it sound believable. "Your name is Isabella Marie Swan and Charles will be Charlie Matthews Swan. You come from England and are moving to Forks, Washington because Charlie has got the position as sheriff. The rest of the information is in this folder." During our talk, The Creator had switched to human form. He had jet-black hair and twinkling green eyes. He was tall, about 6"5. If you looked at the two of us, you would swear we're twins. I guess, since the first living thing He created was me, He had only himself to go off. I smirked, taking the folder from his hand. "Thank you. When will I be leaving?" "Tomorrow evening. You will land in the morn in London, England in a hotel. You will be there until about 9 am where you'll check out and make your way to Heathrow airport and board your plane. The rest of the information is in the folder. Now come give your big bro a hug," I laughed again as I hugged Him. When our bodies touched, I felt an electric current run through me. His body was pure power, fuelling the universe and everything beyond. I felt some of His power run into me, making me feel as light as air and my wings instinctively burst forth, spreading out and wrapping around us. This was a way of me showing my love for The Creator that no words could even come remotely close to explaining. "Come, young one, you must return to you chambers and get ready. This mission is important and you cannot fail." "I won't let you down. Until next time, my Lord," I said, beaming up at him. My eyes shone brighter and He chuckled. "Until next time Isabella." I walked out of the Castle doors, nodding to the guards as I went. A visit to The Creator always made me happier. "Isabella! Isabella look what I made!" called Gareth, a young angel. He was one of the few angels who The Creator allowed to grow up like a normal human child. He was tough like us but not as tough and once he reached maturity, he would stop growing. He aspired to become a warrior, like myself. In his hands, shone a dagger. I smiled down at him, ruffling his unruly, curly black hair. "Well done kiddo, you did it. Want to come back to mine to get a little treat?" He nodded excitedly and I laughed again. Together, we walked down the road leading to my cottage. I opened the wooden door and walked over to my kitchen cupboard that housed my cookies. Angels didn't actually need to eat but we could if we wanted to. I pulled out the milk out of the fridge while Gareth got the plate. I handed him the stuff. "You know what to do kiddo." "Isabella?" he asked, munching on one of the cookies. "Yes?" "Can you help me make a shield tomorrow?" He batted his eyelashes at me and my heart melted. It was going to be hard leaving him behind. "Gareth, you know how there has been word that Lucifer's creations, the vampires, are getting out of hand?" I asked. "Yeah…" "And you know as 'Goddess' or 'Queen of War' I have to end those battles?" "Yeah… " "Well, I have to go on a mission tomorrow. I don't know how long it will take, but it could take years. I'm to assist a good coven of vampires defeat a newborn army heading their way. Charles will be going with me. I'm so sorry kiddo. But maybe I'll be able to pop in quickly to show you yeah?" I saw the tears brimming in his eyes and my heart cracked. I hugged him close to me. "You could get hurt Isa, I don't want you to get hurt. You're my bigger sister and I love you. I couldn't bear it without you. Please be careful," he sobbed. Only Gareth was allowed to call me Isa, apart from The Creator. "Don't worry. I'll come back for you. I won't die down there. You know it'd take more than a mere newborn army to defeat me Gareth, have a little faith why don't ya," I joked. He smiled. "I have a folder to read over so why don't you play in the garden with Ralph until I'm one?" I suggested. Ralph was my husky. He had a beautiful, thick white coat and piercing blue eyes. He came about to the height of my knees now and weighed a ton. Together, they ran out into the garden and began playing in the mud. Boys… I settled down, conjuring up a cup of coffee. No doubt I was going to need it. Angels don't really need to sleep but we do when we need to stock up our energy. I opened the folder and scanned over the text. It showed the pictures of all the Cullen's, starting with Carlisle. Carlisle had golden blonde hair and the trademark pale skin. I noticed that his eyes were just as gold as his hair, strangely enough. Maybe it was the animal blood. Next was Esme. She had a kind-hearted face and caramel hair. Her eyes, too were gold. Edward Cullen came next. He had angular features and a deep brooding expression on his face with bronze hair. Weren't mates supposed to make each other happy? If so, then his one was evidently not doing a good enough job. I looked at the next vampire on the list: Alice Cullen. She had pixie-like features and short spiky black hair. After her came Rosalie Hale who had long blonde hair and mesmerising features.