Disclaimer: I do not own Twilight. The music thumped loudly from down stairs as our classmates all drank in celebration of our graduation but not me and Bella. We were hiding up in my bedroom like the antisocial oddballs we were, but instead of laughing at the townies that surrounded us, our moods were somber. This was it for us. I was leaving tomorrow morning to begin my adventure at Northwestern with summer classes that I never wanted to attend while leaving my best friend, my only friend really, Bella Swan, to fend for herself alone in Muscatine before going off to the University of Iowa in Iowa City. "You won't forget me, right?" she asked me as she half crawled on top of me with a worried look on her face that made me smile. She was too cute for words with her chocolate colored eyes and red cheeks from her constant blushing. She had a cute snort for a laugh and a pretty face that made her look younger than her eighteen years. She was small and unafraid of everything while on the other hand was terrified of my own shadow. "I could never forget about you. You know that, Pigeon," I replied as I shoulder bumped her while watching how the heavy breasts that she tried to hide with too large of t-shirts bounced from that movement, but I knew they were there. I had seen them. I had felt them one drunken night when Bella had decided to kiss me. They were heavy, soft and so perfect that they made all other girls seem inadequate in comparison, not that other girls let me touch them like Bella did. I grabbed my beer bottle and took a long drink from it as I tried to clear my memory of Bella in the damn yellow bikini she wore on my family's vacation to Cancun that she tagged along for. It was thoughts of her on the beach, half naked and lying next to me on a towel while I laid next to her, thinking of every great line I could say to her while not doing a damn thing like the pussy I was with her. "You promise?" she asked me as she looked at me with the same worried look that had me fighting back laughter as she came to lie next to me on my bed causing my dick to twitch with awareness of how close she was to me as she draped her leg over mine casually. "Of course, I do," I said as I smiled at her, earning myself a hard swat against my chest as she rolled her eyes at me. "But what if you met someone amazing…" she started to say in a worried tone, but I cut her off. I didn't want to hear her nonsense since it would be her that would forget me, not the other way around. "As if there could be anyone cooler than you," I said as she barked out a laugh at me. She had no idea how amazing she was, but that was fine since it meant that she never realized how much better she could do than me. "What if I need you?" she asked me in a nervous tone that made me laugh since Bella was never nervous. She was adventurous. She was courageous. Fear was not something that she knew. "Then you call me, and I will be there as soon as I can," I said soothingly even though we both knew it would be me that would be lost without her. I had always been lost without her, and this separation would prove to be no different. "But what if…" she began again in a high-pitched tone that was followed by a deep intake of air as if she was building up for some paranoid tirade about me leaving her. She was known for such over reactions. It was kinda adorable, not that I would ever tell her that since such a comment would only serve to piss her off. "No what ifs," I said as I covered her mouth my hand. I could feel her chewing on her bottom lip beneath my hand. It was her go to move every time she was nervous, which was rarely. "There is nothing that could ever separate us. Do you understand me?" I asked her while giving her a slight shake to make her understand the pledge I was making to her while looking into her dark eyes so she could see that I was serious before offering up my pinky as a solemn promise just like we would do when we were five. It was a move that we had done countless times over the years, but never was I as serious as I was now. Bella looked at me with a concerned look as my hand still covered her mouth to silence her. It took the space of a heartbeat before she raised her hand to hook her pinky around mine to validate the pledge I was making to her. "A promise is a promise," I heard her mutter as she moved away from me while I watched her go. "But a contract is forever," she said with a laugh quoting my grandfather and the reason behind my three hour move to attend his Alma Mata. He wanted the best for me, and the best was Northwestern, according to him. I reluctantly agreed to attend as he assured me that a good education would bring me a good life when all I really wanted was the girl who was half-drunk at my side. I watched with curiosity as Bella moved off of me and towards my computer that sat upon my battered desk that had been in my room for as far back as I could remember. I watched as she moved a stack of clothes off of it to have better access to the last thing I had refused to pack. Her hips swayed to the rhythm of the music that played beneath us. It was mesmerizing and called to me to touch her as I leaned upon my elbows to get a better glimpse of her ass. "Bella, are you still a virgin?" I asked her, letting the liquid courage that I had been drinking take charge as my eyes followed the curves of her ass back up to her hips that moved in time to the music. "You know I am," she laughed at me as if it was the dumbest question that I had ever asked her, and maybe it was, but as I laid back upon my bed watching the girl who had been my world since I was five giggle in a drunken manner while opening a word document, I could not stop the images of her bent over the desk as I fucked her hard. It had been an ongoing fantasy of mine since we were sixteen, and this night was no different. "Do you still want to be?" I asked her, letting that courage take hold once more as I propositioned the one girl I had ever loved like the epic loser I was. My question seemed to catch her off guard as her fingers stumbled over the key board, pausing for a moment after I bluntly asked her to forfeit her virginity to a guy who didn't have enough game to even try to talk her out of it. "What are you doing?" I asked her, curious and kind of worried over what she was doing since she gave no response to my lame ass attempt at seducing her, while she typed like the fiend she was while snorting through her laughter. "Sealing our fate, Edward Cullen," she said as she typed with a hiccupping giggle. I moved to look over her shoulder and laughed out loud over her flowery words that described us while feeling the burn of missing her already even though she was sitting in front of me. I hated that burn since I knew it wasn't going to get better. "Two kindred spirits bound by destiny?" I questioned her with a laugh as she continue to type, only pausing for a long drink off the fruity vodka mix that my sister had made for her. My focusing on her ridiculous words was better than the horrible silence that followed me asking her to bed. "You shut up, Edward, since one day this may save your life," she teased as I poked her side in response. I laughed at her words, but I should have taken heed of them as well since Bella Swan always had a knack of being right. I watched as she finished up the document with smile before printing it with a determined look upon her cute face as she turned to look at me, pushing a pen towards me to sign the papers she had printed, which I signed happily. She was so damn adorable like this, half drunk and so pleased with herself. It was better than the half-assed happiness she had been portraying the last couple of days leading up to our last night together. "Give me your hand," she demanded as she looked at me with eyes that were a little too hazy from the vodka she had drunk. It was too serious, and I found myself laughing at her. "I'm serious, Edward," she whined as I laughed at her, moving closer just so I could be close to her once more. "This is important. Don't you want to be together?" she half whined to me, startling me with her question since she had no idea that was all I had ever wanted. "You know I do," I whispered to her, confessing my secret to her. She had no idea how much I hated leaving her or this place behind. If it wasn't my grandfather asking me, pushing me to be the man he needed to run his business since everyone knew my father was worthless in that matter, I would be in Iowa City with her instead. Just like always, I gave Bella what she wanted, presenting my hand to her. She took hold of it with an unwavering look, and before I could question what she was doing, I felt the sharp sting of a needle jabbing me. "What the fuck?' I exclaimed in surprise as I tried to jerk my hand away, but she held my finger tight, refusing to let me go. "Stop being a baby, Cullen," she mocked as she smeared some of my blood on one of the papers and then the other. "You stabbed me," I whined like the baby she always accused me of being as she laughed at my dramatics. I watched her wrap my finger up with a tissue. She held the tissue in place, putting the proper pressure to the wound she had created before letting go of my hand. I immediately missed her warm touch. "We had to make it official," she reasoned as I held my hand, feeling the warmth where her hand had been. "Make what official? The fact that you're fucking drunk?" I teased as she rolled her eyes at me. "No, our contract," she scoffed as she waved the paper in my face as if I was fucking stupid. "You can't get out of a blood oath, Edward. You just can't," she babbled on excitedly as she waved the paper in my face as if all of what she said made sense while continuing to side step the awkward offer I had made to relieve her of her virginity before skipping town. Bella stopped suddenly, tossing the papers that she had just gloated over to the side. She scrambled off the desk chair and back on to the bed so that she was she was top me, knocking me over in the process, not that I cared. I wanted her on top of me,