Scarlet Destiny and the Sorcerer's Stone Chapter one The Girl who Lived It was heavily raining that night. Lightning and thunder seemed to be merciless as they clashed onto each other creating tremendous amount of sound and enormous amount of light that could drive away the darkness in seconds. The winds were howling dangerously and trees were rustling restlessly. Moon is shining brightly spreading even more lightness with addition to the lightning and thunder. Dark and gloomy clouds parked near the moon and waited for the raging winds the push them to block the light giving by the moon. They waited to submerge the moon in an eternal darkness. The La Push, a tiny Indian Reservation on the outskirts of Washington, is so quiet that night. A peculiar sight to experience as La Push never gotten this amount of rain. Forks, the neighbor city to La Push, is the city of highest ever recorded rainfall. Though, Forks didn't get any amount of rain this La Push is getting right now. La Push is mostly surrounded by lush green forests and seas. The rustling sound of trees, howling winds, snarling wolves and waves crashing on the rocks are enough to scare anyone who ventures out that night. Still, a hooded figure wandered around the street as if waiting for something to happen. The figure's face was covered up with a cloak which was worn by the figure. The rain pelted on the figure's cloak but never once it became wet or soaked in. The cloaked figure wandered in the streets before he pointed a stick like something in a random direction before muttering. " Point Me," Soon the stick glowed and suspended in the air. Now that would freak out anyone if a stick is suspending in the thin air but the cloaked figure merely smirked as the stick began to move right. When moon shined on the street this cloaked figure is walking, it came clear that the hooded figure is a man. His cloak was pure black with green tinge on the outline of the cloak. The stick isn't any ordinary stick but rather a powerful wand. The cloak was ripped at some places but the figure didn't mind as he carried his walk down the street to his right. The path was deserted. No single living soul is present on that heavy downpour night. As if something terrible is about to happen or some awful thing is about to reveal its presence in that night. The wand stopped in front of a beautiful cottage that seemed to be the attraction of that place. The cottage is small and elegantly made of polished high quality woods. There were endless decorations on the front of the home. The cottage looks like an old-fashioned house from outside point of view with superior decorations inside the home. The cottage is deserted. Or so it seemed. Inside the cottage was a girl child who just celebrated her first birthday tonight. She was stunning and beautiful. Her black hair reached her shoulders and has amazing bouncy ringlets. Her penetrating luscious green eyes were sparkling with happiness and mischief. Her skin is breath taking beautiful russet color. Her name is Scarlet Destiny. Scarlet shivered as if something is going to happen, so cried loud enough for her mother to hear who was busily working in her kitchen. Her mother was equally stunning like her daughter as she ascended the stairs to her daughter's decorated room. Her penetrating forest green eyes, which were exactly copied into her daughter's face, scanned her daughter with mild amusement when she saw snow in the room. Scarlet sneezed when a snow flake fell on her cute button nose. Her plump little pink lips were pouting as she glanced at her mother guiltily. As if apologizing for making the room to snow. Her mother's tinkling laughter filled the room making Scarlet to look at her mother and she stood on her rib with extending arms as if she wanted to be taken up in the arms. Her mother smiled and walked gracefully towards her beautiful daughter and took her out of the crib. Scarlet smiled a toothless smile and giggled. Her mother has reddish brown hair with bright green eyes, envious russet skin and medium height with a fit body even after marriage. Her name is Violet Destiny. "My beautiful baby," Violet cooed as she pinched her daughter's nose only for her to scrunch up in distaste making her to let out another tinkling laugh. "You did this?" she asked her daughter as she glanced around her room. As I already said, the room was filled with snow. Yep, you heard me. The room is snowing and that too in middle of the rainy night. Scarlet glanced around and looked at her mother with a guilty smile which was so much like her father. Violet was entranced by her smile and smiled softly. Violet rolled her eyes as her daughter pulled up a pouty face. Big green eyes with tears and trembling pouty lips are enough to make a grown man to melt. Scarlet was afraid that her mother will be angry for making the room to snow. She was utterly bored and thought about this room is snowing. And magically the room is filled with cold snow. But Violet wasn't angry, ashamed or embarrassed. Instead she looked at her daughter with so much love and proud. She was proud of her daughter instead of freaking out like a normal person. Well that's the point, guys. Violet is not normal and never she will be normal as much as she wanted to be normal. Violet is a witch. Yeah, you heard me. Violet Destiny is a witch and that too, a powerful witch. Violet smiled as she hummed a lullaby to her daughter. Usually her dad is the one who will sing lullaby to her every night and he will fell asleep alongside her daughter in his bed. But tonight, he went out for some reason and is running late. So, Violet hummed quietly making Scarlet to let out a wide yawn. Hush little one, Sun is down and moon is up, No worries, as fear is gone, Sleep, my dear buttercup. Violet softly hummed and Scarlet let out a sigh of content before falling into a dream filled sleep. Violet smiled gently and placed her inside the crib and tucked her in. since her dad is running late, Violet decided to let her daughter to sleep in the crib for one night. So she didn't have to face the weary husband who was afraid to sleep beside her in fear of rolling over his daughter. That happened one night. He rolled over a pillow and thought that he rolled over his daughter. He screamed so loud that even the birds flew away in fright as well as his pet owl. But then he realized that his daughter is nowhere in sight. When he looked up, he saw her floating above his head and caught her in his arms. That was the first time they both realized that her daughter possess the trait of magic in her veins. Violet descended the stairs and took out a pointy stick which was a wand and waved around. The mess on the kitchen cleaned itself and the utensils are back to its original place. Violet sighed and glanced at the time. It was nearly midnight and she has no idea what her husband is doing. Suddenly Violet felt a chill in her spine and immediately went to guard mode. She jumped on when sudden knock on the door. Violet narrowed her eyes as she made her way towards the door. She knows what night is now and she just prayed that it wasn't something she is thinking right now. But before she could open the door, the door was blasted into pieces. Violet screamed and ducked down to avoid the splinters which was thrown in her direction. She took her wand and sprinted towards her door. Her breath hitched when she saw who was in the door side. 'Please, oh god, please not him! ' Violet thought fearfully as she watched the hooded figure. The cloaked figure was standing there with his wand pointed outwards confirming that he was the one who cursed her door. The man revealed his hood at the same time lightning crashed behind him illuminating his face. Violet gasped as she saw the face. The man was pale white almost as white as white sheet. He had no nose except for tow nostrils instead of nose. His eyes were blood red as he stared at the beautiful woman in front of him. His hand was still outstretched but lowered. "Voldemort," Violet whispered making an ugly evil smirk in his pale chalky lips. "Violet Destiny," he muttered in a soft voice but Violet could detect malice behind it. "Pleasure to see you, though not in a circumstance I thought I would," he greeted as if an old friend. "What are you doing here?" Violet asked or more like hissed in anger. He chuckled darkly that sent cold shivers down her spine. "Stand aside, Destiny. I only need the girl," he said pushing her away. Violet growled loud enough for him to hear. "You are not getting anywhere near her, Voldemort!" she hissed and her eyes flashed multi-color. Before Voldemort could do anything he was met with lightning crashing on him, throwing him away from her home. Violet sprinted out of her home and seethed in anger. How dare! How dare he come here to kill her daughter?! Voldemort got up and sneered at the witch. "Your Elemental part can do nothing to me, Destiny! Give me your daughter or nothing happens!" he spat. Winds blew harshly and rain poured heavily when Violet's eyes flashed white. "YOU WILL NOT GET SCARLET! NOT IF I'M ALIVE!" Violet roared as she gripped her wand tight in her clammy hands. "You have brought this on you by yourself, Violet Destiny!" Voldemort roared back and lifted his wand. "Crucio!" Violet's eyes widened and a horrendous scream came from her parted lips. She fell down and withered as if she was burning alive. Thousands of red hot knives penetrated her skin and she felt like her bones are getting crushed. She could hear the malicious laughter of the Lord Voldemort. 'No!' she thought as her mind is fuzzy. ' I will not let him!' She manipulated the air and tried to distract him. And she succeeded in it. She panted heavily and stood up before jumping away from another set of curses. She lifted her right hand, " Confringo!" But fire did nothing against him. He just laughed evilly, "Silly girl! Fire won't do anything against me! I'm Lord Voldemort! Nothing could beat me! CRUCIO!" " Protego Horribilis!" A shield formed in front of her and protected her from his Dark Magic. She panted heavily and felt as if her energy is sucked out. She shook her head and cried out in searing pain as Voldemort yelled another curse "Crucio!" The pain was so much that Violet lost consciousness. She fell down on the muddy ground convulsing and her wand fell down aside her uselessly. Her eyes rolled back as she tried to fight for consciousness but couldn't. She clutched Voldemort's ankle as he kicked her. "L-Let…H-Her…G-Go," she whispered pleadingly. She cried out again as Voldemort kicked her. She was thrown several meters away from her home. She closed her eyes as she couldn't fight for consciousness. Voldemort was almost gleeful as he pushed aside the remaining of the door. His malevolent eyes scanned the room for the one of the prophesized children who was destined to kill him. His sharp ears picked up a small cry from upstairs. He smirked and immediately went to the room to find a beautiful girl child with tears in her eyes. Scarlet looked up and when she noticed it wasn't