Summary: The leaves flying off the trees signal the hovercrafts return, and most importantly - Peeta's new boss, sending him scurrying back to the kitchen. If only he knew that avoiding royal scrutiny would leave him the focus of the infamous millionaire's searing gaze. Resistance, though is futile for Katniss, and a forbidden man's lies may bind the two together in an unbreakable vow. The whirling hovercraft blades are deafening as it descends from the opaque sky, materialising through the mist. A drop of sweat trails a path from the nape of my neck, down my back before soaking into the waist of my trousers. "She's here" Delly says abruptly but my gaze lingers on the machine as it lands a hundred yards from where we stand. "Relax Peeta, she can sense fear", she says teasingly, though I don't smile, I'm too transfixed to. "Miss Everdeen won't bite Peeta, she's a good girl". I hear her laugh. "Try not to have a panic attack without me, okay?". "Okay", I recite absentmindedly as Miss Everdeen steps off of the ramp and onto the ground. I can barley move my fingers, my body taut with tension. Delly's figure slides into my line of sight as she jogs over to the hovercraft, careful not to trip. I remain on the veranda. A few metres from me stands a young man watching our boss intently. He stands tall in his uniform, grinning and trying to act nonchalant as he waves in her direction. A faint shake of her head, so quick it could have been a twitch, indicates her refusal. His smile drops with her rejection. My breathing speeds up as I watch her, unmoving. Her gaze now focused on her land as she stands proud, shoulders back, with a good posture she must have gained growing up. Even from this distance I can see her immaculate uniform, a crisp white shirt hidden beneath a black blazer and tucked into a black skirt. Unlike the clothing most people of her wealth can afford, her skirt doesn't hug her legs tightly but rather flares out at the bottom, trying to fly with the breeze but held down by her arms. Despite all of this though, her simple braid is the only thing that seems to match the dirty landscape and vast forests we work on called the Seam. Her subdued confidence, proclaims that this millionaire is the owner of an international landscape architectural company, that funds research on forests and mountains and justly so this land is one of her so called 'hobbies'. I don't know much about her. She's rich - very rich - that's clear. I know she loves to: travel, to see the creations of others, and men. Tall, silent, men. Katniss Everdeen. Even her name was alluring. I've overheard many of the staff talking about her, in cautious whispers when she's near and shameless shouts when she's away. But its always the same, each word about her is a tease, a warning - because she's unobtainable. So I choose to keep quiet. Ask nothing about her. Privacy and tales of lies have always been my forte. They disguise me, and my choice of modest clothing allows me to disappear. Almost. I just didn't expect her to be so...mesmerising. I watch Delly greet her, no doubt welcoming her back before she walks alongside her to the main farmhouse on site - because Miss Everdeen does not need a guide. She's never been one to follow. Another bead of sweat trickles down my back, though this time I think its less about the anticipation and more about the sweltering summer heat. I wipe my clammy hands on my cotton trousers and try to forcibly slow down my breathing lest I make my unease anymore more obvious. What is it about her that's so, different? I've seem many women just like her, except taller, or prettier or just simply better than herThen again perhaps it's me. Perhaps it's just a fear of someone like her knowing the truth when no-one else has figured it out. That I escaped my affluent past and went to extreme lengths to secure my position here - for a reason. We haven't spoken. Ever. Which isn't unusual given our different social positions. But that doesn't mean she wouldn't recognise me. The right word, the right picture. Anything could be a trigger for her. Then what do I do? Give up this optimistic life of anonymity, where I have an achieved status? No way. Distance is the best means to deal with this. At least whilst I still have the time for it. My Uncle has since demanded that I return to Panem by the winter, the latest he would wait is for his ex step-daughter's twelfth birthday. So these few months are all I have. I squint at the sun and deciding that I don't want to spend my day melting, I rush into the kitchen. There's little relief though. Shade? Yes, but all of the windows are open and directed straight towards the sun, without any curtain to block the rays, thus heating up the room. "Peeta! Come meet the boss", I flinch at the enthusiasm in Delly's voice. The milkmaid enters the kitchen, a smile lighting up her face. In stark contrast to her peppiness is the woman who trails behind her almost silently. My eyes lock on the scowl that mars her face and I can't look away no matter how rude it is to stare. She's even more enchanting up close, with a strength that seems unusual given her small stature. Does she know the effect she has on men? I swallow and grunt. My mouth's so dry. As soon as the noise leaves my throat, her eyes dart up to mine and widen. She inhales sharply and glances away, issuing a small grunt of her own. Is there water near here? How is she wearing that blazer in this heat? As if suddenly realising how hot it is she slips the blazer off and folds it over her arm. My eyes dart away at the faint green colour showing through her shirt. Put the damn blazer back on. I try not to grimace at the sweat that must have soaked through the bottom of my shirt. I know there must have been a faint wet patch before but who knows the extent now, when I can't control myself when she's in my presence. I try not to make my trepidation clear when she looks me up and down with no visible embarrassment. That's a first. And why does she have to be so... open with it? I don't even think her cheeks have as much colour as mine did when I caught a glimpse of what is beneath her shirt. I force myself not to frown at the thought. It's kind of insulting though - not even a little blush? "Katniss" Delly starts gesturing to me proudly, "This is Peeta. The man I was telling you about. He's been cooking for us for the past - six months? Yes! But I've heard from a little someone that he's real good at baking". "Ah. Peeta...?" she begins. Well hot damn. Freaking hot damn! That's a husky little voice. She tilts her head looking confused. I chuckle nervously and lick my bottom lip before biting it. I release it to respond promptly, "Crane - that is. Peeta Crane". I tamper down any shame I feel at using my Uncle's surname rather than my own. As far as they know I am Mr Crane because I wasn't required to show all of my documents to them. It's one of the reasons I chose this place. She squints, watching me intently with her piercing gaze. "Unusual name" she replies bluntly. I smile tersely. "It is, isn't it?" I agree, changing the topic quickly so she can't interrupt. "You must be famished from your journey. Perhaps you'd like something to eat, Miss Everdeen? Or are you thirsty? Would tea suit you?". "Please, no food though I uh.. ate before I came. And its, Katniss" she reprimands coolly. "Of course. Forgive me Katniss, but I think I'd be more comfortable calling you Miss Everdeen" I lie watching her lips twitch slightly, "And for you Delly?". I hide my smile when Katniss clears her throat and straightens up before pretending to adjust her shirt. "No thanks Peeta, I'll wait till later" she says turning to our boss. "Once you're ready I'll take you on the tour. We've had a few changes since you're last visit". Not giving me a chance to beg her to stay, Delly leaves the room with a smile and abandons me. I stumble around the kitchen, struggling to make the beverage despite having done it a numerous amount of times since I arrived. She's watching me, I know she is. I can feel her gaze on me. Why is she even here? Delly said Miss Everdeen always returns at springtime - the next for us - by which time I'd be gone. It's so common its become expected of her. Each sound seems to echo with the silence between us; every cup clatters against the counter and the sound of water filling the kettle rushes in to fill the void. A piece of plastic holly lies next to it and I sigh at the sight of it as I boil the water. Since I've been here, I've been demanded to decorate the main farmhouse with bundles of the stuff and erect a 7ft real tree in time for Christmas - a thing I'd never seen before. Whereas in the past I've had to see fake foliage being littered around the gardens. Constant sugary treats and candy canes were on every surface and garish cheap tinsel would run across ceilings. Pristine white candles hung in banquet halls were diligently lit by workers. Even the glitter always used to be stuck to the floorboards, so no matter what I'd acquired so far, every Christmas was the same. Expensive, eccentric and one hundred percent fake. The only thing I tended to care about was the stack of presents outside each bedroom door come Christmas morning. The same gifts I'd beg my mother to let me give to the young adolescents that served her. The hard working youths - the people I aspired to be like. "You spilled some" she states whilst I resist from cursing as I burn my hand on the kettle. My fingers twitch slightly from the heat still radiating off of them, but holding the milk bottle is a cool relief. I wish she'd take her tea outside and drink with Delly, or in her room. Just away from me. I glance over at her. My shoulders slump as she leans her hip on one of the windowsills and fidgets with her blazer. Is she not uncomfortable with the silence? "So um" I start "Have you flown in from the Capitol today?". "No" she replies as I pour the milk into the cup, watching as it drowns the tea bag. "I've been touring around the districts. Being so close to here at the end though - it'd be crazy not to visit. I wouldn't have flown in from the Capitol though". Her voice softens slightly, or maybe it's just my hearing. "I don't live there". I choose not to comment on that, or the fact that she answered a question I'd never thought to ask. Perhaps I just feared her answer. "Its been awhile since I've been home to be honest". Her voice loses its soft quality and turns challenging, "Speaking of which... where are you from? You seem a bit - I don't know, posh? High-maintance? You just don't sound right here". "Neither do you" I respond evasively. She quietens. I finish by adding some sugar and stir the tea before removing the tea bag and dropping it into another cup. I turn around and hand