Full Summary Katniss Everdeen is an 18 year old girl stuck in an apartment with her messy yet genius college friend. After constantly having arguments and cleaning up after him she goes back to their room to find he's left a game on and the voice that speaks lures her in. Deciding to expand her social horizons she creates an account and begins to talk to a boy who at first mistakes her for another. Having met a close relation Katniss decides she wants to connect with this boy but is blocked out by his walls. A girl with dreams of becoming an author and hunter has to chose between putting her future first or her love? If she can even call him that. Later Katniss begins falling in love with a boy she was never meant to meet but can you always trust the internet? A story of a temperamental, genius who has a terrible sense of humour that makes him sound adorable and a girl with her future planned out but wants to experience the unknown and the hunger games - an international live action role play from various consoles. What if he's hiding something that could change his life and future? Life's a game for Katniss but one secret could be the cheat code that leads to game over. Katniss pov I never wanted to be here, its awkward enough as it is knowing our recent conflict. I've been stuck with them for hours in her basement, and the only sound is their persistent voices and I can faintly hear Robbie Williams in the background, on the radio, singing 'angels'. "And through it all, she offers me protection a lot of love and affection, whether I'm right or wrong-" his voice streams through the speakers and its the only thing keeping me calm. I lean back and look away from the television which is currently showing 'The Capitol Report', before openly glaring at my friend, who is currently curled up with her boyfriend on the opposite couch. This is a regular occurrence for me, Johanna phones me every evening and pleas with me until I come over because she's lonely and bored. Once I drag myself down here I find that I'm not needed as her 'flavour of the month' is always there to comfort her. Luckily though today its only Blight, her neighbour and close friend. I bet she would chose him over me if she had too, she's done it before, and then when they something goes wrong and they fight or she breaks up with her man she comes running back and because I'm such a forgiving person, I let her. Unfortunately though I can't leave unless there is an emergency as its considered rude and immature, which I am definitely not. A soft buzzing sound alerts me to Johanna's phone, which is on the glass coffee table situated in front of me. I stare at the phone in silence as it vibrates signalling a text. The thought of who is texting her worries me often. She's given her number to a variety of people, even those that she met online and rather than being a cautious friend, Blight is dismissive over everything in her life because apparently some things are meant to be kept personal and she has the right to keep secrets from him. I guess relationships have changed because when I was younger people took them much more seriously especially me, not that I have any secrets though. Welcome to the new age. After a moment the phone stops buzzing but seconds later the noise has been replaced with her ringtone indicating that someone's calling her. I sit patiently and tap my fingers against the armrest of the chair, uncomfortable with the situation. Clearing my throat I speak up, "Hey Jo, I think someone's calling you". She deliberately ignores me and snuggles closer to Blight sending a wink in my direction. I watch forcing a smile when Blight glances at me, his light brown hair is gently mussed as their sitting curled up on the couch while she runs her fingers through his hair to unnerve me. I hate her because its working. He lifts his chin off her head and mouths 'You okay? Do you want me to get you a drink?'. I smile again gritting my teeth before she moves her head back so he can kiss her cheek. I sit disgusted at their behaviour, I've never been good with public displays of affection because some people don't know their limits but fortunately Blight is the exact opposite and doesn't seem to favour Johanna being flirtatious towards him either. While Johanna urges him to kiss her wherever they go, he tries to settle her with a peck on her cheek as if it were a promise that better was yet to come and then he would hold her hand. So far its worked. They both seem to be deliberately ignoring it as they playfully argue and she laughs while he pulls her closer and whispers in her ear. "Johanna" I repeat losing my patience "Either pick up the phone or turn the damn thing off, I'm trying to watch a movie". She continues to ignore me and it feels as if the sound's getting louder. As I sit and watch them, my movie forgotten, I grab a lock of my dark brown hair and twirl it around my finger, tugging viscously as time passes. Usually I'm a very patient person but I'm currently preparing for exams and I haven't had dinner so who knows what I'm capable of. Deciding to ignore them I turn my attention back to the television to see Caeser Flickerman - the host - and his counterpart Claudius Templesmith talk about taking a video game and making it become some form of live action role play, which surprisingly doesn't sound that bad. I lean forward listening to every word as they explain how they are going to use weapons and create realistic scenery. Just as I'm beginning to relax Jo loudly laughs, the noise echoing throughout the room. I quietly groan in despair, I'm never going to get to watch this film. Out of the corner of my eye I see Blight whisper in Jo's ear before pushing himself from the chair and jogging upstairs to get my drink. Scowling at the her as she watches him leave whilst making inappropriate comments, I quickly reach out and snatch her phone from the coffee table while she's oblivious. I could keep it and she wouldn't even know, just shows how smart she is. I quickly slide my thumb across the screen on the phone before reading the name next to the symbol of a phone; Hawthorne. I mentally curse, there's only one Hawthorne I know. What is he doing? He promised me he wouldn't call her, boys are just as bad as girls... maybe even worse. It would be so much easier if everyone just listened to each other. Pressing the button on the side of the phone, I turn down the volume before sliding my thumb across the screen to decline the call and sigh in relief at the peace. I'm such a nice person, saving her relationship to let her continue to be free with as many men as she pleases, not that she cares. Just as I'm about to put her phone back I remember someone texted her; he did most likely. Against my better judgement I go to her messages and press on her most recent text, to see I was right. This time I don't hide it and I groan out loud earning a confused and curious look from Jo who still seems oblivious to me being on her phone. I shrug and shake my head in response while she raises an eyebrow clearly not understanding my gestures but that doesn't matter. Focusing my gaze back on the phone I read his message. Gale: HEllo You, Amazing REtro YOUth FREElance TONIGHT, did you see? I mentally curse and roll my eyes at the thought of Gale typing this message, pretending to remind her to meet a young, recently hired teacher. He may be smart and good with snares but he's not very creative so its easy to see what he was asking her; Gale: Hey, are you free tonight? She better not be. Tapping my fingers against a cushion on the couch I close the text and switch off her phone. Putting it back on the table before I lean backwards and rub my palm against my forehead. A loud sigh reminds me of my company and I drop my hand back to my side before looking to see Jo with a bored expression. She tilts her head slightly in my direction, "Katniss you know you can go if you want to" she says slowly. "No, its okay" I lie and try to occupy myself with the TV. "You might as well brainless" she continues and smiles amused by my distress, as I shift my gaze back to her "its obvious your uncomfortable so save us the hassle". Why does she know me so well? I hate it. "Fine" I huff pushing myself off the couch and I grab the remote to mute the television, not like there's any point in listening anymore. I throw it at her in anger which makes her laugh only annoying me further. "Why do you even bother with him? I mean he isn't even your type" I state crossing my arms over my chest. She watches me before smiling, a determined glance in her eye, "I know he isn't much Katniss, but he is from home". I stare silently unable to respond, what does she mean? To chose someone close to home, expecting their actions rather than someone far away who's perfect but she can't suffer the distance. Is it better to chose someone you know who's reliable, isn't that just being on the safe side, a friend or a love interest? This is why relationships are terrible, they make everything confusing so you can't make sense of it all. I'd prefer to keep my thoughts intact and if that meant to stay single then so be it. Acting on instinct I swiftly turn around. Mumbling a 'goodbye' to them both as I grab my handbag and lean down to put on my trainers. Why do I even bother. I quickly tie my laces before jogging up the stairs and leaving their house in a hurry, desperately trying to get away. Why does this keep happening to me? "Don't worry about my drink Blight" I call as I pass the kitchen in a hurry. "But-" I slam the front door shut and block his protest, not in the mood to converse with anyone. Since when is Jo sentimental. I speed walk through the town and pass the marketplace until after 10 minutes I've reached my destination. I take a moment to calm my breathing before crossing the street to the cottage. Not many people live in this area as the school's quite far away and is only for merchant kids. Never mind that theirs beggars on every street some too ill to even ask for spare change. Its sick, especially the mothers who have a number of children when they can't provide for themselves. I'm never having children, this world's too cruel and I wouldn't allow them to suffer for a minute let alone a lifetime. Ignoring the glances my way I continue toward my family home when I her a quiet scream followed by laughter. Looking back I notice in the distance a girl with a pale complexion - unlike those who live hear - who looks as if she was trying to cross the meadow and got stuck at the fence. Reluctantly I continue past my house and run across the hill until I'm near the fence. She continues to giggle and doesn't