Something real = everlark Chapter 1 Katniss Pov Staring at the ceiling i sigh, the is all starting to get to much. I don't think i can take this much longer. Its Friday luckily so the last day of work until i get to see Prim again. Rolling on my side i look at the alarm clock, 4:30am. I have to go to work in 30 minutes. Taking a deep breath i try to clear my head and decide to take a shower. Grabbing my dressing gown off the hook on the back of my bedroom door i go into the bathroom and have a shower, simply to save myself time and money. After towelling myself off i put on my clothes and dressing gown before tying it off and walking outside. I then go downstairs to have breakfast - eggs, bacon and burnt toast - i'm not the best cook but there is no way i'm getting a private one or maid, because it's money wasted and i don't want someone being able to look through my stuff and around my house while i'm out. Then I go back upstairs. Entering the bathroom again i brush my teeth and go toilet before shrugging off my dressing gown letting it pool at my feet. Next i blow dry my hair and add minimal makeup - a bit of eyeliner and lip gloss - before going back to my room. Once inside i put the dressing gown back on its hook and open my cupboard in search of a coat. Deciding on a simple yet professional - well in my eyes - white coat, then i go downstairs and put on my shoes. Checking the clock i notice i have 10 minutes till i need to leave so i decide that if i go to work early maybe i'll finally have time to stop for hot chocolate. Grabbing my phone and keys and some money i put them in my pockets as i walk outside to my light blue car before unlocking it and climbing inside. Then i start the car and put on my seat belt before pulling out of my driveway and going to work. Pulling off the motorway i pull into a small bakery. Turning off the car i quickly jump out and go inside. Looking at the display cases i decide i could use a good lunch for once, so i go to the counter and see a man who looked around 30. He had a bright smile which made me a bit wary of him - how can someone be that happy working here at almost 5 am - and he had messy blonde hair. Cautiously approaching the man i say, "Hi, can i have a muffin and hot chocolate?". "Sure, that will be £2.65 please". I nod before reaching in my pocket and counting the correct amount. Then pass it to him, "Thanks", he says while putting it in the register and going round the back. I sigh; hopping this won't take long but am shocked when he comes back seconds later with my order before handing it to me. "Thanks", i mumble rushing out of the bakery. "Thank you for stopping by", he shouts. I then climb in the car and put my lunch on the passenger seat before speeding out of the place and continuing my route to work. Pulling up to my gym, i go through the private entrance and turn off the ignition. Then i grab my lunch, climb out of the car and lock it and put my keys in my pocket before walking through the doors. Instantly everyone looks at me and i grow uncomfortable and snap, "What, mind your own business and get back to work". I scowl at everyone who looks at me on my way to my office before hearing a croaky voice say, "Hey, sweetheart, rough day". "More like rough week", i murmur turning to see Haymitch - one of my closest friends - if you could even call it that - and alcoholic. He's slouched in a chair holding a beer while organizing some folders. He continues, "You better hurry sweetheart, we've got at least 50 new members this week who all need identification badges". I scowl at him, "Don't tell me how to do my job, you old drunk". He chuckles and ignores my comment so i stalk inside my office and slam the door. As much as i hate to say it Haymitch is my best worker by far but that doesn't mean i like nor trust him. Putting my lunch on the side of the table, i turn on the laptop, then go over to a cupboard and pull out all of the filled out identity forms. The pile is at least 4 inches thick before sitting down and adding them to the database. After 9 hours in that enclosed space i look at how much i've done and by the looks of it, barely a dent, i still have to create all the badges. The pile of forms is still at least an inch thick and my table is covered with 3 empty cups and a cup of water is by my side. Sighing i shove the rest of the forms to the side deciding i'll complete it later and shut my laptop. Pushing away from my desk i do a small stretch and then walk out of my office, past all my workers to the elevator. Pushing the button for the ground level - the main part of my gym, the fitness centre - i walk out after the doors slide open and scan the area for something to do, before i spot a girl having trouble working a treadmill. Smirking i stroll over to her and try in my most polite voice, though failing terribly, "Hi, do you need help with that?". I watch as the girl glances over her shoulder and smiles at me, she has blonde - almost golden - hair and has the look of an innocent child. "Hi, i'm Delly, oh and yes please, i'm new to all this just thought i should try to get a bit active you know?". "Sure", i reply "I'm Miss Everdeen," stretching over to press the buttons to sort out her time and speed. There is no way i'm telling her my first name. Just before i leave i hear her say, "How did you know how to do that? You don't look like a member". I stop in my tracks, "I umm.. work here and oh look at the time i gotta leave now, stuff to do, places to be", i say checking an imaginary watch. Walking over to help some other members i hear her shout, "Well thank you. It was nice meeting you". I scoff before helping a bunch of teenagers. After i help everyone i walk back over to the elevator and press the button for the top level. Checking once again in case i missed anyone i scan the equipment as the doors slide shut and the elevator moves upwards. Once at my level the door makes a ping sound while sliding open and i walk out and back to my office. Once inside is shut the door and eat my lunch in peace thinking back to that bakery. Why would a bakery even exist in the countryside. I quickly clear my head and think about what tomorrow will bring. This is one of the rare Saturday's that i don't have work. Wiping the crumbs off my hands i finish my - surprisingly still - hot chocolate and continue my work. Once it reaches 7:30 i've completed all my work and am exhausted. I rub my eyes willing myself to stay awake just for at least another hour before shutting down my laptop and putting the identification badges behind the front desk. I then say bye o the few of my favourite workers and leave. The gym doesn't close till 11pm but normally Haymitch locks up for me. Strolling to my car i unlock it, climb in and pull away. Driving past the bakery i find myself glance at it and see there is a queue out the front door. Wow. Finally arriving home i pull into my driveway and turn off the ignition. Then i unlock my seat belt and open the door. Slamming it shut i lock it before unlocking the door to my house. Flicking the light on i walk inside then shrug off my coat. Then i shut the door, and slip my shoes off my aching feet. I then collapse on the couch from my day of work and begin to drift off when... My stomach grumbles. Seriously. Moaning i drag myself up and slowly walk into the kitchen before cooking a pizza. Putting the pizza on a tray i place it in the oven and shut it. Then i turn the dials and set the timer. While my dinner is cooking i jog upstairs and get changed into my pyjamas and then wipe all the makeup off my face. Hearing the timer i go downstairs and take the pizza out of the oven and begin to eat it because i'm to lazy to cut it up and put it on a plate. Once i've finished every slice - what i'm hungry, don't judge - i put the tray in the sink and go to my bedroom. Laying down i finally allow myself to lose my eyes and wonder what Saturday will bring. I don't trust her ideas but she normally is right spending most time with the girl. I pull the covers up to my chin. Yet i can't help but hope tomorrow goes well for once... Awaking from my slumber to the doorbell I roll out of bed and catch myself before I fall on the floor. This is luckily one of the rare days I don't have work well apart from Sunday's. I get off the floor and stand confused for a moment, rubbing the sleep from my eyes before remembering its Saturday, Prim's coming today. Well she lives with me but because I was especially busy this week with working late almost every day an old friend offered to take care of her. Suddenly full of energy I rush downstairs in my pyjamas before unlocking and pulling open the door to be greeted by a woman in a flowery purple dress wearing a terribly obvious wig with a fake flower attached and a little girl - who can barely stand - holding her hand, her blonde hair tied in two small plaits. Prim. Instantly a smile makes its way onto my face as the small girl glances up at me with an awed expression her small mouth falling open. I crouch down, and smile when she pulls her small hand out of Effie's - an old friend of my Haymitch and my mother's - and holds her arms out, opening and closing her fists in a silent plea for me to carry her. Giggling I reach out and pick my sister up while straightening out before placing her on my hip, "Did you miss me?" I keep my eyes on her small baby blue ones filled with innocence and purity as she slowly nods and closes her mouth, which is now smiling. Two of the few things that make her similar to me. Just as I'm getting lost in her bright eyes that I've missed so much a sharp click snaps me back to reality. Tearing my gaze away from my sister I scowl at Effie. "Manners!" she states in her ridiculously thick Capitol accent. Yeah and clicking isn't rude. I roll my eyes in reply only to hear her voice patronise me once again as I welcome her into the house. "That's not how to greet guests". I sigh and step aside as she walks past and I shut the door before turning