A/N: Hi there! This'll be my first ever attempt at writing a LOTR story. I'll be following the movies as I can barely remember the books. This is a tenth walker, cliche, I know but I just couldn't help myself. Its taken me years to gather the courage to try so...lets hope I don't fail! Disclaimer: I don't own any LOTR characters. Pairing: Legolas/OC Edited 30/12/12 - Extended details and pacing. "Why are we watching this again ?" "Because you didn't want to suggest something else to do." "Like always, Marina." A boy interjected from the couch and promptly got a pillow thrown at him. Tracey giggled at the girl beside her, rocking back and forth in front of the TV, before gluing her eyes back to the screen. It was difficult to maintain the amount of times Marina had been forced to watch Lord of the Rings; always a marathon ensued whenever her friends decided to drop in for a visit. But despite it all, she'd never manage to watch the entire length of the films. Tracey and Gordon would get bored and wish to do something else. The movie she'd seen the most of was the Fellowship. Everything else was a hazy blur. "I'm bored." Gordon grumbled from the couch, poking Marina's back with his foot. Said girl swivelled around and away with a venomous glare that spoke volumes. "Why the heck are we watching this then?" They'd barely gotten past the hobbits entering Bree. "I dunno. Let's do something else!" Marina sighed and surrendered herself to her friends persistence and the three left the room. They ended up gathered around the dining table playing a crude card game, using a menagerie of swear words and slang. It was a game of deception. Marina was particularly bad at it considering she couldn't keep a poker face to save her life. Tracey and Gordon, however were both squinting, eyes darting around the room, shoulders hunched and revealed absolutely nothing. "Marina, do you have... a queen of hearts?" Said girl peered at her hand, her lips pursing when the queen stood out amongst the other cards. "Nope." "I call bullshit!" Gordon crowed and Marina threw down her cards with a scowl, thoroughly sick of the game, having been called out five times in a row. Forty five minutes later, after a course of other mind-numbing, teeth grinding games, Marina returned to the TV room, having seen her friends out when they decided to go to a nightclub. Those places just didn't appeal to her; having been witness to horrible incidents such as glassing and terrible brawls. As a trainee nurse, there wasn't much Marina hadn't seen in terms of drunken stupidity. Another reason was a scar running up her hip and curving just above her ribcage. The memory was as clear as day. It had been her eighteenth birthday, so a nightclub had been on the agenda. There'd been dancing, drinking and just plain out fun until Marina found herself at the wrong end of a cat fight. Tracey had been stone drunk, and had started a fight with another girl. Trying to break off the fight, Marina had stepped in between them to try and act as mediator before the female she didn't know drove the butchered beer bottle into her side. Shuddering, she ran her fingers over her shirt, the tight band of scar tissue easy to feel even beneath the material. With a drawn out sigh, Marina began switching off the lights, irritated to find that the movie was still running. "Bloody waste of electricity," she muttered sourly. When her fingers brushed against the power button, a spark of pure heat ran up the length of her arm. Marina fell back with a cry of alarm, landing hand on her backside as the screen began to blur and contort into a myriad of images and colours. "What in the hell is going on!?" Ghostly figurines were curling around her body, sucking the energy from her and no matter how hard she struggled it was impossible to escape. The TV was siphoning the life out of her! "This is some bad poltergeist shit going on here!" Panic curled like an iron fist around her heart as the ghostly apparitions began to pull her towards the TV. Screaming like a banshee, Marina clawed desperately at the carpet and was able to reach out far enough to circle her fingers around the coffee table leg. A smidgen of relief settled over her as the ghostly fingers retreated for a moment, giving her the opportunity for action. Using her toes, Marina searched blindly for the off switch and let out a trembling huff of breath as the room went quiet. Still maintaining her death grip on the table leg, she crab crawled away from the TV. It sat quiet and blank. Had it been her imagination? Climbing unsteadily to her feet, Marina stared at the TV for a moment longer, waiting for it to do something out of the ordinary. A chill tickled her spine as it flickered on and off, showing parts of the movie in a random order. The scene of the Council discussing the fate of the ring in Rivendell began appearing more frequently until it was the only thing Marina could see in the blur of images. There was something, or someone standing behind the group of men, elves and dwarves. A woman, with fair golden hair was smiling and held out her arms in open invitation. Marina inched towards the television without being aware of it when a unworldly wind suddenly tore at her Hello Kitty pyjamas and the ghostly hands were back in force. " Tolo, Poikaer. Av-'osto. Tolo an enni. " The woman whispered in a voice as soft as velvet. (Come, pure one. Don't be afraid. Come to me) Another tug, and Marina fell towards the TV, screaming. The woman behind the Council gave a purely feminine smile at the now empty room and disappeared. The screen went black. Marina groaned softly, clutching at her head that was pounding like someone had taken a hammer to it. If it wasn't for the babble of a dozen voices, she would have been quite content to just sit there and whimper quietly. The sight that greeted her made everything a hell of a lot worse. Men dressed in armour and silken robes surrounded her; various weapons adorning their bodies. There were even men with great, shaggy beards and Marina's recognition sparked as she realised they were dwarves. "This is an odd dream..." she muttered to herself and the babble around her ceased immediately. It became increasingly odd when she hopped off the stone she'd been sitting on, only to find herself turning around. Marina... A plain, gold ring sat on the middle, reflecting the people around her and whispering quietly. Marina cocked her head, eyes becoming transfixed as the piece of jewellery promised everything her heart desired. Power, wealth, intelligence... It was so very tempting to touch it and impulse took over, her fingers reaching out... A hand clamped down on her shoulder, making her yelp and spin around to stare up at a tall, elderly man dressed in grey robes and an equally grey beard. There was a nagging suspicion in the back of her mind that she knew this man. Was that ring what she thought it was? Was that what the fellowship felt when they gazed upon it? "How curious. You're clearly not from this world," The man remarked softly. Marina clamped a hand over her mouth, eyes widening in realisation. Was she really in Middle Earth? Had the TV sucked her inside? How and why? Was this a dream? What was with that woman? And what on earth had she said? "G-Gandalf?" She stuttered, visibly stunned. "Gandalf, who is this mortal woman?" An elf with a crown upon his head stood from his chair, face set in stern curiosity. Vaguely, she remembered that this was Elrond, the Lord of Rivendell? Yes, it was all coming back to her now, if only in bits and pieces. "I do not know, Lord Elrond. Would you care to tell us who you are?" Gandalf said kindly, eyes twinkling with some description of amusement. "My name is Marina Cortez..." she all but squeaked, hesitant to give this dream any more encouragement to become realer. Standing in front of all these men, wearing nothing but Hello Kitty pyjamas, barefoot, Marina decided she certainly wasn't in Kansas anymore. So it had to be a dream then didn't it? People woke up in strange places in their pj's all the time. Stay calm...stay calm. You're not in Middle Earth. And Boromir is not giving you death glares. Oh wait... "Are you mad? This...this woman appeared from nowhere! A witch, I say! A spy!" A man growled, rising from his chair. Marina took a conscious step back, into Gandalf, suddenly fearful. This was the same man that had tried to take the ring from Frodo. Boromir of Gondor. "I say we kill her." Indignation sparked within her at being so easily marked as some sort of evil. How dare he say such a thing to her! He was just a bloody fictional character for crying out loud! Opening her mouth to protest, she abruptly closed it. It wasn't hard to recognise Aragorn as he rose from his chair with a flourish, blocking Boromir's path as he began to step forward. "Be seated. We know not whether this woman is friend or foe. We cannot act irrationally." The rugged ranger was indeed handsome, his dark eyes holding her grey ones before flittering back to the reddening man. Yeah, take that! Marina was almost tempted to stick her tongue out like a child. "I will take it..." Frodo murmured, having not had the opportunity to speak up. The council turned to him. "I will take the ring to Mordor...though, I do not know the way." Gandalf winked reassuringly at Marina and went to Frodo's side, with the girl have wanting to run after him like a lamb bleating for its mother. If anyone knew how or why she'd gotten here, it would be Gandalf the Grey. As the Fellowship made their oaths to protect the ring bearer, Elrond spoke. "Nine companions. So be it. You shall be the Fellowship of the Ring." "Right," Pippin said with a cheerful grin. "Where are we going?" Marina couldn't help the small smile that flittered around the edge of her mouth at Pippin's blatant disregard for how serious the situation was. Merry gave him an incredulous look before rolling his eyes. The fellowship regarded her curiously, making her twitch uncomfortably under their scrutinising gazes. Elrond cleared his throat pointedly. "Thank you for your attendance." It was a clear dismissal and the attendees of the council were slow to clear out, shooting curious looks at the woman who had appeared from nowhere. A hand tugged at her shirt and Marina whirled with an undignified yelp to see Pippin and Merry staring up at her. "'Ello. I'm Pippin, and this here is Merry. How'd you get here?" It took Marina a few tries to gain her voice under the hobbits curious stares. "Er...I don't quite know." "Oh, well...do you like food?" Pippin brightened. "Well yes, I-" "Great! Why don't you-" Merry started before receiving a frown from Elrond. "Forgive me, my friends. But Gandalf and I need to speak with Marina. Please take all that you need for your journey ahead." The fellowship went their separate ways, the two hobbits needing further goading to get on their way but eventually it was quiet save for the soothing song of water, and birds chirping in the trees. The next few moments were nothing but a headache enduring blur for Marina, who realised she'd been so tense before Frodo took the ring away. What now? What of her career, family and friends? It had taken her a year to