i have a few notes to make about this. first of all, i wrote this months ago and i didn't proofread it. there are some typos i made on purpose, but only lily should have them? this is lily/james and sirius/remus w background alice/frank. i wrote this for my friends, so there's more sirius/remus than i think i would actually put in? however there's jily the most bc i love them and they're literally dweebs ummmmmm yeah i mean. this is obviously au and i had a lot of fun writing this so please enjoy! this is dedicated to rem, hayley, holly, and erin :) Lily Evans sent a photo. Lily Evans to Remus Lupin : slughorn practically threw this at me in the hallway. guess he found it on the announcement board and wanted me to see it lol Lily Evans : i think hes really rooting for me Remus Lupin : Ah, they finally decided on a musical! Remus Lupin : Ooh the little mermaid Lily Evans : im gonna do it Lily Evans : ur gonna do it Remus Lupin : I didn't say anything about auditoning Lily Evans : ur gonna do it Remus Lupin : I dunno Remus Lupin : Who would I be? Lily Evans : the FLOUNDER TO MY ARIEL, REMUS, DUH Remus Lupin : Oh, duh Remus Lupin : Silly me Lily Evans : in the broadway musical flounder has a ~crush~ on ariel, so like ;) Remus Lupin : Did a musical just expose my true feelings Lily Evans : REMUS Lily Evans : I DIDNT KNOW U FELT THIS WAY Lily Evans : i would act on these newly discovered feelings but ur heart already belongs to another Remus Lupin : I should never have told you about that Lily Evans : PURSUE UR TRUE FEELINGS MATE Lily Evans : hes one of ur best friends! Remus Lupin : Exactly. Remus Lupin : If he doesn't feel the same it would mess things up Lily Evans : u dont kno that babe Lily Evans : my advice? just go for it! personally i think he feels the same but if u really dont wanna go for it i wont push u Lily Evans : think hes auditoning tho? Remus Lupin : It's Sirius. He's definitely auditioning. Remus Lupin : Pretty sure he'd do Ursula in drag if they let him. Lily Evans : omg can we get a petition going for that tho Lily Evans : sirius black in drag playing the SEA WITCH Lily Evans : what abt pete? or potter? Remus Lupin : I'd assume both. Pete might go for tech though, as he usually does Lily Evans : well auditions r friday! see u there bc U R AUDITIONING Remus Lupin : Sigh . Lily Evans to Sirius Black : remus is auditioning Lily Evans : rephrase: remus doesnt kno if hes auditioning but hes auditioning. Sirius Black : Got it Lily Evans : also Lily Evans : u, as ursula Sirius Black : Omg Lily Evans : remus's idea Sirius Black : I love him Lily Evans : ;)))) ~~~~ Sirius Black : Don't give me that face Lily Evans : u fkin fancy him Sirius Black : Do not Lily Evans : lmao ok whatever u saaaaay~ Lily Evans : rooting for ursula, tho Sirius Black : Me too Sirius Black : Who d'you think's going to get Eric? Lily Evans : dunno Lily Evans : fenwick wants it but if he gets eric and i get ariel i'll prob drop Sirius Black : You'll get Ariel for sure Lily Evans : aw thanks but idk. emme's also a shoe-in Sirius Black : Yeah but you've got the hair. That way they don't have to spend money on a red wig. Lily Evans : tru tru. i hope im ariel bc ive wanted to play her for a while so fingers crossed Lily Evans : is potter auditioning? Sirius Black : I'll ask him Sirius Black : You think he'd get Eric? Lily Evans : ive never heard him sing outside chorus so idk Lily Evans : is he good? Sirius Black : Good enough Lily Evans : hm then maybe Sirius Black : If James got Eric and you got Ariel would you drop? Lily Evans : hm Lily Evans : nah Sirius Black : ;)))) Lily Evans : piss off Lily Evans : hes got a good face Lily Evans : tell him i said that and u die Sirius Black : My lips are sealed . James Potter to ~dnt 4get the importance of bOdY lAnGuAgE~ : EVANS SAID I HAVE A GOOD FACE Peter Pettigrew : congrats? Remus Lupin : Wise words Sirius Black : Tell her I told you that and you die James Potter : oi my lips are sealed. promise James Potter : you can tell her im defo auditioning . Lily Evans to Marlene McKinnon : hey! thoughts on auditions? Marlene McKinnon : I picked up a form this afternoon but idk. Lily Evans : ? Marlene McKinnon : I was going to go for set design but this year they need orchestra members Lily Evans : hm Lily Evans : ask if u can do both, maybe? Lily Evans : set design is well finished by the time we start rehearsals w the pit, so u could probably get both in if u ask Lily Evans : if they need orchestra members Lily Evans : and considering how well u did set last year Lily Evans : then theyll probably say yes Marlene McKinnon : Aww how you flatter me, Lils Lily Evans : ;))) i do try, marls Marlene McKinnon : Sirius told me James is auditioning, by the way Lily Evans : oh is he? cool Lily Evans : all the usual ppl r returning, i think Marlene McKinnon : You want James to get Eric, don't you? Lily Evans : listen i mean would i b mad if he got eric? no Lily Evans : but thats where my opinion ends Marlene McKinnon : Uh huh Lily Evans : we're making remus audition, btw Lily Evans : srs said he'd get him to audition but sometimes i dont trust that ho Lily Evans : like the other day i told him that james has a good face and i told him not to tell but im p sure james knows Lily Evans : mostly bc i saw him tweet it Lily Evans : and speaking of sirius we all want him to get ursula Marlene McKinnon : That's beautiful Lily Evans : i knOw Lily Evans : remus said it first and i told sirius that and sirius said "i love him" Lily Evans : bUt iTs jUsT ~pLaToNiC~ Marlene McKinnon : Ugh. Boys Lily Evans : RIGHT Lily Evans : ugh i g2g my stupid sister is yelling at me again Marlene McKinnon : For a stupid reason? Lily Evans : no this ones real Lily Evans : mightve killed her fish Marlene McKinnon : ...How? Lily Evans : : mightve tried to dye the water pink in his tank Lily Evans : mum laughed when she found out tho so im in the clear Marlene McKinnon : Omg Lily Evans : ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ . Lily Evans to Remus Lupin : auditions boi! r u ready? Remus Lupin : Please don't make me do this Lily Evans : nonsense ur going 2 b FINE Remus Lupin : Ugh. . Sirius Black to Remus Lupin : Dude. Calm down. Sirius Black : I can see your anxiety from across the auditorium. Remus Lupin : I hate auditioning you know this Sirius Black : But you're like. Really good. Sirius Black : We all get stage fright. Sirius Black : But you're going to kill it up there. Sirius Black : I promise. Remus Lupin : Thanks mate Sirius Black : No problem Sirius Black : :) Remus Lupin : :) . Sirius Black to Lily Evans : At the Three Broomsticks for post-audition butterbeers. You in? Sirius Black : James wants you here ;) Lily Evans : piss off Lily Evans : id love to but i have to host a fish funeral in abt 10 minutes Lily Evans : id invite u guys but like then id b in a lot of trouble Sirius Black : Poor fish. Why can't we be invited? Lily Evans : petunia's fish Sirius Black : What happened to it? Lily Evans : i killed it with pink dye . James Potter to Lily Evans : you killed a fish?! James Potter : evans thats cold Lily Evans : um it was petunias fish and it died peacefully excuse u Lily Evans : can sirius not keep anything a secret James Potter : idk but hes been laughing at his phone for three minutes and its bc of the fish so this he definitely couldnt keep a secret Lily Evans : glad to hear my being a murderer is amusing James Potter : rip fish Lily Evans : didnt even have a bloody name James Potter : wot Lily Evans : my sister never named her stupid fish so we just kinda called it fish Lily Evans : honestly i think it welcomed death with open fins Lily Evans : u were really good auditions 2day, i wouldve said break a leg but i was busy chatting w emme James Potter : no worries James Potter : wow is lily evans complimenting me James Potter : seriously thank you, you were amazing too, as always Lily Evans : thanks m8 James Potter : good luck w ur fish funeral Lily Evans : thank u i will need it James Potter : i'll tell the boys that tonight we drink for fish Lily Evans : fish appreciates that . Marlene McKinnon to alice ur Dead to me : THE CAST LIST IS UP Marlene McKinnon sent a photo. Marlene McKinnon : I'm doing set and orchestra! Mary Macdonald : woo! that's exciting! i didn't end up applying for tech because i need to work but i think i'll offer to usher when it comes to show dates Alice Fortescue : You only do that so you can get into the show for free Mary Macdonald : alice don't expose me like this Alice Fortescue : I'm on costumes! Nice Emmeline Vance : you better make our mersister costumes look nice, al Alice Fortescue : I'll give you first colour choice Emmeline Vance : love u Marlene McKinnon : Where tf is lily Emmeline Vance : idk but shes gonna freak! Mary Macdonald : i think she said something about turning off her phone to study for a while? Marlene McKinnon : Ugh. Problematic. . Sirius Black to she's in deeeeeep shit : CAST LIST IS UP AND POPPIN, LADS Sirius Black sent a photo. Sirius Black : GUESS WHO'S ABOUT TO BE THE BEST URSULA ANYONE'S EVER SEEN Sirius Black : anD REMUS WTF WHAT DID I TELL YOU MATE Sirius Black : I wouldn't have wanted this cast any other way omg Sirius Black : Actually I wouldn't have made James's understudy as Fenwick Sirius Black : BUT OTHER THAN THAT James Potter : remus! dude! congrats James Potter : sirius you're going to kill it up there James Potter : think we can convince your folks to come? Sirius Black : Hahahaha I hope so Remus Lupin : Oh my god Sirius Black : I TOLD YOU Remus Lupin : Would it be too extra to dye my hair blue for the role? Sirius Black : Mate, I'm literally playing Ursula Sirius Black : Nothing else will count as extra Remus Lupin : Shit, you're right Sirius Black : And Jimbo you know you and Lily will have to kiss right ;)) James Potter : unless fenwick sabotages me right before opening night James Potter : which