As they all returned to their present place they stood as they did. Bella had her hands on Sirius and Snape's chest. They two lowered their wands. "That did just happen didn't it? Or did I finally have some kind of psychotic break? We read –" "Your life, yes we did," Snape said. "We shall be conducting an Order meeting to begin the end of Voldemort." Sirius rubbing his hands together. "We better be included in this meeting," Fred said. "Yeah, no point leaving us out now." George said. "Well first off. We should be convincing Kreacher to re-join us." Hermione said. "Tell him that he is honouring Regulous. Be kind to him, Sirius," Bella said. He nodded pulling her into a hug. When she pulled away she looked at Dumbledore seriously. "I need to talk to Dudley, I bet he's confused." "I'll come with you," George said. "You can't go out on your own." Molly fretted. "We'll be fine Mrs – Molly –" she said blushing. "We'll take Snuffles for a walk." She grinned putting her hands on her thighs. "Here boy," she said and whistled. Sirius transformed and trotted over to her. "You see, I knew this collar would come in handy," she said as she put it around his neck and hooked the lead on. Sirius barked and pulled her. "Oi!" she said, as they opened the front door out onto the street. George took her hand, interlocking their fingers, she smiled, giving his hand a little squeeze in return. Bella jumped as Sirius barked at the couple, his teeth bared at George. Bella scowled at him and yanked his lead. "Heel." She said. Sirius growled, but kept walking. "Do you think Marietta will rat us out?" George asked, eyeing the black dog carefully. "No, I'm going to tell the group about the jinx. She wouldn't dare risk it, and I'm going to remind them that Umbridge is armed with Veritaserum." "That should make them see that it's not a game," he agreed. "Although, it's a shame we won't get to see Hermione's handy work." he laughed as she elbowed him. Sirius began to snicker along with the redhead. Bella rolled her eyes, but smiled, she couldn't believe that she found out she had feeling for the redhead through the reading. A figure rose out of it, draped in shawls, her eyes magnified to enormous size behind her glasses, and she revolved slowly; her feet in the basin. But when Sibyll Trelawney spoke, it was not in her usual ethereal, mystic voice, but in the harsh, hoarse tones Bella had heard her use once before: ' No one interrupt,' said Ron as he took a deep breath and began to read. " The one with the power to vanquish the - Dark Lord approaches… born to those who have thrice defied him, born as the seventh month dies… and the Dark Lord will mark them as his equal, but they will have power the Dark Lord knows not… and either must die at the hand of the other for neither can live while the other survives… the one with the power to vanquish the Dark Lord will be born as the seventh month dies…" Bella froze unmoving as though petrified. ' Bella?' Sirius said gently. No response. 'Bella?' he said again, trying to shake her shoulder. ' Bells,' said Ron hoarsely, Hermione was holding back tears. Why is it always Bella? She thought miserably. Sirius was now shaking Bella quite hard, Bella continued to stay statue like almost, unhearing... unseeing... Sirius tried to get her to stand but she wouldn't move from her position. Ron and Hermione stepped forward. ' Bella, listen to us,' Hermione said. 'We'll help you! We'll all help you,' Bella still hadn't flinched or blinked or shown any other movement. Everyone watched her, waiting for her to twitch or something! Nobody knew how to get her out of it. Sirius... Ron... Hermione... Mrs Weasley... Mr Weasley... Remus... McGonagall... Dumbledore... even Dudley tried! But she remained frozen. George walked up to her took her hand, interlocking their fingers and squeezed his fingers around hers gently, waited then pulled just as gently. Still in her dream like state, she began to move. He took a step away from her, keeping their fingers interlocked, their arms the furthest apart as they could be. Bella stood up, George walked to the door with Bella stumbling behind him. ' Give us a few minutes,' he whispered with a very seriously look on his face. Everyone was in shook they shock they had now been trying to revive her for nearly what would have been an hour. And all he did was take her hand squeeze and pull. He will be her redhead, Sirius thought. Nobody else could have got James... in fact, when he heard it; he had done the same thing. Only Lily got him out of it and they had even put Bella on his lap! George closed the reading room door, then went to Bella and McGonagall's room. He got her to sit on her bed then let go of her hand, and shut the door. ' Bella?' he said quietly. Her gaze and position didn't shift. He knelt in front of her putting his hand under her chin forcing her to look him in the eye. They sat like this for what seemed like forever, until Bella burst into tears. Quickly George rose from the floor, and sat on the bed, wrapping the girl he loved into his chest. ' Y-you're all in s-so much danger,' she sobbed into his jumper. It was George's turn to be frozen. ' Oh, Bella, for goodness sake,' he said exasperatedly. 'That's not why... what made you freeze was it?' ' He uses people,' she hiccupped 'People close to me, he killed my parents. They didn't h-have to die. H-he wanted me. It's m-my fault. N-now if we h - hadn't been sent the b-books, S-Sirius...' she couldn't finish. 'Future me already lost him, who's he going to m-murder next George? R-Ron? Hermione? You? Fred? He nearly killed G-Ginny.' George could feel her tears on his chest, but he ignored them. ' Listen to what I'm saying carefully Bella. Voldemort, whatever he does. Is not your fault!' He said strongly. Bella looked up at his face, she closed her eyes and more tears fell. ' N-neither can live while the other s-survives,' she whispered. 'That means I have to kill or be killed.' George pulled her chin up again; she opened her eyes, her big beautiful bright green eyes. ' It means,' he said wiping some tears from her face gently. 'You can stop him hurting people, killing people.' There was a small comfortable silence then Bella spoke. ' I think it is harder hearing about stuff that hasn't happened yet.' She said snuggling closer taking advantage of this moment where he was holding her close. She would deal with the guilt later. ' I know what you mean,' he said, feeling bad for being happy she was snuggling into him. 'Come on, mums probably had a couple of hippogriffs by now.' She giggled. 'Let's finish this book eh?' he pulled her away from him. Before he did something stupid... like kiss her. Bella could see George was fighting something, something in his eyes as he pulled her away. She had noticed he had a spicy thunderstorm like smell. ' George,' she said hoarsely. ' Hmm?' he muttered standing up; she stared at his tear stained shirt, then right in his brown eyes. ' Thank you,' she whispered. George stared at her, whatever he was fighting to hide had taken over. Bella could see love and adoration in his eyes, before she could say anything. He reached towards her and lifted her into his arms kissing her full on the lips. She felt herself kissing him back, pulling him closer; deepening the kiss. She thought she liked him but she was wrong. She loved him. She felt George's hand in her hair, his strong arms secure around her as though made to hold her. After what felt like an eternity they broke apart. ' What was that?' she said looking at him amazed. ' I don't know' he answered honestly. 'I couldn't hold it in any longer.' he said grinning. She raised her eyebrows. He smiled at the beautiful girl who was still in his arms. ' Are you ok? I'm sorry I couldn't –' She put her finger on his lips. ' I'm better than fine,' she whispered leaning closer to him melting into his form. George couldn't believe what he just did. Or how perfectly it had turned out, here she was. Bella Potter, the girl his twin had been teasing him about in secret, since September 1 st fitting perfectly in his arms, her body perfectly leaning into his. Like they were made to be together... ' Do we tell everyone?' Bella asked grinning at him mischievously. 'And would it kill people to see if I want to be kissed first?' ' Yes, it would Bella, cause then even if you do get rejected then you get to snog them anyway.' She hit is arm playfully. He kissed the scar on her forehead. 'No, see what happens, if we get together in the books.' George now had a mischievous grin to match Bella's. ' What about Fred?' she asked him. ' He'll read my face.' George said shrugging. 'But the others... see what their reactions are when you get your crush,' he teased dodging her hand and keeping her close when she tried to pull away. ' Git,' she said as he kissed her forehead lovingly. ' Come on. Let's go down.' George said tugging her. ' Seriously though,' said Bella, stopping again. 'Tell them or not?' ' Not, mum will be revolting, and I don't want Sirius trying to kill me just yet,' Bella rolled her eyes at him. As they went back down the stairs George kept his arm around her waist ecstatic, ever since the DA's formation he knew he loved her. He also knew that Bella would be serious, not just some silly crush or if she felt guilty. They were at the door of the kitchen. ' As we're keeping it quiet,' she whispered then reached up to kiss him, he wrapped his arms around her. When the kiss broke they walked in. Everyone's eyes turned to the door. Sirius was forcing himself to stay where he was. George walked back over to his seat Bella , leaning against George's legs. ' Let's read,' said Fred, watching his twin's face, he could see his eyes dancing with glee; wondering what happened up there? George: I'll tell you later! "How you are processing everything? Saying goodbye to your parents that must have been really hard." He said squeezing her hand, she sighed. "It was, but I am glad I got to meet them, even if it was only for half a book," she smiled thinking about all the new memories she had with them locking them into her mind forever. "Do you think you will talk to them again, when you get the ring?" "I dunno, maybe once. If Dumbledore lets me." She muttered. They got to the pay phone, Sirius and George guarded outside, George had his wand clenched in his pocket ready to attack. Bella pushed in the coins, dialled the number, and waited patiently for her aunt to answer the phone. "Hello Petunia Dursley," she heard her aunt telephone voice. "Hello dear," Bella impersonated Umbridge. "I am a teacher at your son's school. I am wondering if I could speak to him, about a competition we are discussing." "Of course, I will go and get him for you." She waited. "Hello?" "Hey Big D," ' We are about to hit present time,' Bill said, he went to read the next line, but a sheet of paper landed on