Okay guy's this is my story The truth is Told in one chapter! Also a short epilogue has been added! Chapter 1: All guns blazing Something's you have to know to understand past of this story: There is no Emily Sam and Leah were the first werewolves' in the pack and they have been for 18 yrs! (They imprinted & wanted to spend an eternity with each other and phasing is the way to do that) Paul, Jarred and Bella are the same age (17) & Jake, Quil & Embry are too.(15 nearly 16) Bella isn't pale or short :) I couldn't believe he was gone, after all the things we went through. I tried following him, but it was no use... of course he was gone. He left and stole something of mine, half my heart. I couldn't believe I wasted all the time with that lying dickhead, I could have been with Jake or Angela or anyone better than a vampire. I started to shake, I don't know why I'm not cold, just pissed. I tripped over and that did it I felt my body re-arrange itself and it hurt like hell. After the pain ended I looked down and saw big white paws! I must be going mental I told myself, break-ups do that! I just need ice-cream and friends and I will stop hallucinating. I ran over to the creak, on all fours may I add, and saw a Big white wolf, with tinges of silver staring back at me in the waters reflection.. crap am I like this forever, wolf girl! I missed my bed. I picked up my trail and ran towards my house, I needed Charlie he will know what to do...I hope. As I got closer I could see Charlie staring at me, grabbing his gun! Before I could do anything he ran out the house and shot me in the shoulder, OUCH I calmed down and realized I phased back. I looked and my shoulder and pulled the bullet out and placed it in the bin that was conveniently beside where I landed. When I turned back to my shoulder it had already healed leaving a pool of drying blood. I didn't notice Charlie coming towards me to he put a hand on my shoulder. "Bella" Charlie asked "Why are you a wolf?" "I don't know!" Was my answer "And, umm" Charlie coughed awkwardly "Bells why are you naked?" "I'm what?" I screeched... shit I justed flashed everyone in the street, and possibly shown them I was a wolf. And on top of that Edward left me, what a wonderful day I was having! Charlie P.O.V I can't believe my baby was a wolf, it isn't possible. Sure I've heard all the Quileute stories, but come on how the hell was I to know they were true? I needed to tell her the secret, Renee would probably kill me.. But my baby had a right to know and it just might help us understand this wolf business, God pray she understands! Chapter 2: You lied, but I love you Bella P.O.V I was listening to my Radio, I couldn't believe how calm I was especially since a hour ago I found out I was a werewolf. Charlie just left me, like he was arguing something in his head. I guess he was shocked just as much as I was, His only daughter and large ass werewolf. I guess being tall and was part of being a werewolf. I was now 6 ft or so and more tanned than ever, though I have never been pale like my mum, which I was thankful for. And the muscles, they were small but visible and I'm pretty sure they weren't there yesterday. And then the six pack, ahhh it was beautiful. I felt strong and indestructible, it was a great feeling knowing that I wouldn't trip every time I run, In gym I could hit a ball back without getting me or some else hurt. Thought it was funny when I hit Lauren, she cried because she broke a precious nail. Even though I fell over I was all good, it was so funny. I could hear Charlie coming up the stairs, I guess he was coming to talk to me or go read sport news on the toilet, ether were very possible. He came on my landing and knocked on the already open door. "Come in Cha-um dad "I replied, forgetting I wasn't meant to call him Charlie. "Um Bells," Charlie Stuttered, "I have something to tell you and your might not like it," "Are you a wolf too?" I asked cutting Charlie off, I remember Jake when he told the story of the Quileute's, he said it was hereditary. I couldn't believe it was real, but then again why couldn't werewolves be real if vampires are. "Um no, but that's sort of what I had to tell you, " "But you must be," I replied "It's in genes!" "Bells it's not in mine or Renee's," "Ohhh" was all I could reply, "maybe it was just a VERY distant thing were many generations ago some Swan married a Quileute..."I told him, or maybe just told myself to comfort me. "No Bella" Charlie replied getting inpatient " Your adopted!" "I'm WHAT?, How come you never told be you liar, I can't believe this!" I screamed, confused, upset and angry. I realized I was shaking, violently. I ran outside and phased as soon as I reached the woods, I need time to think, this day just gets better each time... yea right Charlie P.O.V Bella came back half an hour after I told her she was adopted, she looked calm, but she has never been easy to read. She walked in to the roo and starred at me. She opened her mouth to talk, but then closed, unsure of what to say so I started talking. "I'm so sorry Bella, I've always wanted to tell you, but Renee said no, I loved your mother and won't go against her. See Bella she can't have kids and we thought we wanted a child so bad, so we adopted a new born baby, and I'm glad we did because I got you, a beautiful daughter out of it" I exclaimed, proud of my little speech. "So who's my parents?" My Bella baby asked me. "I don't know," I honestly said! Chapter 3: I'm on a mission Bella P.O.V " I Who are my parents?" " I don't know" How could he not know, You have to sign papers and everything.. what did he steal me? Worst day! "Um Dad, I'm Going to go to bed and think about all ummm.. well mess, I talk to you in the morning," Charlie nodded, but he had a very worried look in his eyes like as soon as I leave I would run, but I still love, even after all this. I walked up the stairs and grabbed by lose top and track pants I wear for pyjama's and headed to the bathroom. I turned on a hot shower and as soon as I got in I felt my muscles relaxing and I could think clearer. This day had felt so long, with Edward leaving, turning into a giant fluff ball and finding out I'm adopted. That has to be the record for the most shit in one day, and yet I think I was taking it alright. Sure I was depressed about Edward, but now he is my natural enemy and I fell like a belong to someone else, but who? Just them my phone buzzed and I got a text message.. Hay Bella, Its Jake I heard about Edward, U alright? Do you want to come to a bon fire with me tomorrow night at 8:00? You can hear all about our tribal stories x This could be a chance to learn about my history, my ancestors and maybe get some clues to who are my parents. I guess I could like them? Hay Jake I'm fine, he's just an ass I would love to go I'll meet you at your house at 7:45! Cya x So tomorrow I get to met more werewolves, but there is no way I'll tell them what I am, just yet... so I better practise my surprise face. Jakes P.O.V I really hope she didn't lie when she said she was fine, but I'm so glad she is coming to the bonfire. Paul got really angry when I told them, But Sam said it was fine and Leah nodded her head in agreement. Even though Bella loved a vampire, I'm glad she's coming. Even though I've got strict orders not to tell her about us, I really want to. Another thing I want to happen tonight is imprinting, I haven't seen Bella since I phased so hopefully she is my soul mate. I've seen what Jarred and Kim have, as well as Sam and Leah and I want it with Bella, so bad. I arrived at Sam and Leah's house for a pack meeting, talking about what's going to happen since the Bloodsuckers are gone. I think a party might happen in my opinion, but I know they weren't talking about that. Sam and Leah has such an intense relationship, they had it for 18 years so I guess it has to be. I guess they want ever-lasting love and that's why they still phase, but it's a bit awkward knowing how old they really are and suspicious to then non-wolf population on the rez that they don't age. That's why the try to stay out of the public and not be seen, I mean to 30-something year old werewolves who look 17 is very suspicious. Chapter 4: A taste of your own medicine Bella P.O.V I've searched the whole Forks High School Library and nothing, no book about the Quileute's, and when I asked about it the Librarian looked like she could murder me, I'd like her to try. I know Forks High & La Push high were rivals, but I didn't know it was this bad, They must have burned all the books about the reservation in the town, I swear that is just a bit over the top. Well I'll guess I have to wait to tonight to learn about my history, but it's so far away. I heard the Bell ring and off to trig, time to learn, just not what I want to learn about. Jess kept asking me how I got so tanned and musclier over the weekend, I told her I was like this before, it just wasn't hot enough to wear short-sleeved clothes. I think she brought it, because she then started talking about Mike the whole lesson, getting yelled at a couple of times. Then she asked about Edward and why he left. I told her I didn't know, and didn't care. She seemed to think I really liked him, well I guess I did but I don't know now, he isn't what I want. Of course I didn't go into the whole werewolf/vampire thing, cause then she'll think I'm mental and am taking the break-up horribly. After the first sessions I went to the cafe to sit with Angela, she looked worried, but when I gave her a great big genuine smile and hug she looked happy. "So you don't care that Edward left you?" She asked for the trillionth time and again I replied No way... Soon after the Bell rang and I had Biology, but that didn't bother me. Mike came and got me and we chatted, well I chatted he flirted. "You Must Be Tired Because You've Been Running Through My Head All Night." Was one of the really bad one's Mike used, but I was in to good of a mood to care, when I got to Biology I took my seat at the empty desk. I was