Sorry for any spelling or grammatical errors; I swear I've read over this thing like a million times. Thanks for choosing to ignore your homework and read this (Which of course is not what I'm doing *said sarcastically*). Disclaimer: ALL right go to Suzanne Collins-unfortunately . Chapter 1: Complications Katniss Gale and I make our way to the hob. Based off the position of the sun, it must be around four o'clock in the afternoon. It blazes down on our necks with its summer heat. We walk in a comfortable silence, a ghost of a smile on each of our faces since we had a pretty good haul today. The summer is when we usually get more game, but today we got even more than usual. Heavy footsteps echo behind us, they're fast and are getting louder with each passing second. Both of us tense, hoping that it isn't the sound of peacekeepers. "Gale," a deep masculine voice calls out. We both stop and turn. There is a tall skinny boy, about Gale's age, with broad shoulders, short dark hair, and olive skin. A Seam boy. I have seen him around school a few times, most of them he was with Gale, so I'm assuming he's one of his friends. He catches up quickly to us. "Hey," he greets with an easy smile. Unlike Gale, he seems to smile a lot more often, but then again, I don't even know him. "Hey," Gale replies with a small nod. His mouth opens to say something, but then his eyes flicker over to mine. "Don't tell me," he says, lifting up a finger. "You must be Katniss, Gale's lovely hunting partner." He puts out his hand out for a shake. "Yeah," I answer hesitantly, a little shocked as to how he knew my name, taking his big calloused hand. "Gale's told me a bit about you," he says, answering my unsaid question. "Oh, well, Gale has told me absolutely nothing about you, so you'll have to introduce yourself. I don't think I'd be able to guess your name." I give Gale a pointed look, whom is looking a bit sheepish. "It wasn't a guess. I just knew." "Well it seems to me that Gale has told you more than just a little bit about me if you just knew." He laughs. "He has. But I didn't say it because he would have hit me on the back of the head or something." This of course makes Gale step forward and hit him across the back of the head. "YOU SEE!" I laugh in response. "I'm Thom by the way." He gives my hand another like squeeze, which, till now, I hadn't realized I was still gripping onto his hand. I quickly let go, clearing my throat, a light blush creeping up to my cheeks. "Though I don't know why Gale wouldn't have told you about me. We've been friends for years." He gives Gale a playful glare. "It slipped my mind," he says nonchalantly with a shrug of his shoulders. Thom looks at him disbelievingly, and then opens up his mouth to say something, but Gale quickly changes the subject before he can saw anything else. "So why are you here?" He asks, trying not to sound rude. "Oh yeah, your mom said she needed you for something back at home." "Okay. Tell her I'll be there in a bit. I'm just gonna go to the hob with Katniss first." He pauses for a second. "Cause you know...I don't want to just abandon her and make her do this by herself." "I'll be okay, Gale" He hesitates for a second. "You sure?" "Oh don't worry," Thom says with a wave of his hand. "I'll keep her company." "Yeah," I add. "Besides if I don't like him I'll just ditch him somewhere or something." "Oh thanks." "Plus, this'll give me a chance to get to know you're friend who apparently already knows so much about me that he can name me without even having met me." He hesitates for another moment longer, still looking skeptical. "Okay, but you're not really the type of person who likes getting to know other people." "Well I just figure that since he knows me-kind of anyway-that I should know him too. Besides, it'll be nice to talk to someone else for a change." "What? You don't like talking to me all the time?" Gale asks. He puts a hand to his chest with a mock-offended expression. "Don't worry, I'd get bored having to listen to all his shit all the time too," Thom says to me. Gale punches his arm but then nods. As he turns to go, he grabs Thom by the shoulder and whispers something in his ear that I can't make out. By the looks of it, he probably sounds a little harsh. When Gale finishes what he had to say, Thom lets out a bark of laughter. "No promises." Gale gives him a shove before bidding them both goodbye and walks away in the direction of his house. I stand there a little awkwardly, my hands fidgeting with my game bag. I nod my head once before saying, "Well, let's get going." "Lead the way." I walk at a medium pace, not wanting to go too slowly in case I want to hurry things up and stop talking to him, but then not wanting to go too fast so I have time to find out about his and Gale's relationship and just how much Gale has told him about her. "So...how long have you known Gale?" "Oh, I've known that asshole since kindergarten-sadly." He lets out a quiet chuckle. "We didn't hit it off right away though. The bastard kept stealing my pencil...Not sure how actually became friends though. You know how a kindergarten kid's mind works. You're mad at them for a minute then the next you're their best friend." A small smile creeps up his face as he recalls the memory. "So how exactly did you two meet?" I give him a quick version of the two of us meeting in the woods after the mine explosion that killed both of our dads. I also tell him how, like him, we didn't immediately become friends. Neither one of us are the trusting type. It took us nearly six months until we finally gave up on the idea that the other would try and steal our game. We spend the rest of the time at the hob and on the way back to my house talking about hilariously embarrassing moments of Gale. "...Pulled the chair out of the way before he sat down. He fell on his ass with the most ridiculous expression ever." Thom does a quick copy of the "ridiculous expression". I double over laughing, Thom opens his mouth to say more, but then the front door of my house opens and my mother steps out. "Katniss, honey, dinner is ready." She stands there in the doorway, waiting for them to say goodbye. Thom gets the hint. "See ya later." "Yeah, you too." As I'm walking past my mother, she raises her eyebrows at me. I roll my eyes in response. When all of us are sitting down and eating some rabbit stew, my mother asks. "So who was that boy you were with outside? I thought you were with Gale today." "I was with Gale." She raises her eyebrow, urging me to continue. "Then his friend, Thom, came and told him his Hazelle needed him at home." "So Thom walked you home?" "Obviously." "Well that was very nice of him." I roll my eyes. "Whatever," I mutter. We spend the rest of dinner in silence. Gale I lay in bed, my brothers sleeping soundly in their beds across the room. Moonlight shines through the fluttering curtains. A warm breeze floats in from the window, bringing little comfort in the hot summer night. I have the covers pulled back to foot of my bed in a big heap. I have my hands behind my head as I stare at the ceiling, lost in thought. Earlier today I watched as Thom made Katniss smile and laugh easily. It had taken me a few months to even get her to crack a smile. The only reason that happened was because I tripped and fell into a pool of mud. If I'm honest with myself, I'm extremely jealous of Thom for being able to make her happy like that outside of our woods. But I'm not ready to be honest with myself, so I'm not jealous of my best friend that wouldn't dare hurt me like that…yet. I used to spend my entire day thinking of ways to make her smile like Thom just did without even trying . It just wasn't fair. I live for seeing her smile, and Thom comes along and effortless does what I try and do every day. Thom is my best friend, I know he wouldn't ever try and take her away from me, I mean, he knows how much I like this girl. He knows that Katniss isn't just some random girl. He knows that Katniss means more to me than any other girl ever could in a million years. He knows that no guy could ever love Katniss as much as I do. No one could ever be as close to Katniss me. Katniss is my best friend, my confident, my other half. I know her like the back of my hand. I know her better than even herself sometimes. Nobody is more perfect for her than I am. ~:~ The next couple weeks go by in a blur. Before I even know it, the reaping is today. My stomach is tight, and I'm incapable of having any more than a few hours of sleep. Nevertheless, I get out of bed early and go to the woods. I listen for a hum of the fence but find none. I crawl under and grab my bow from a hallow log. I walk around silently, looking for some nice, fat squirrels for the baker. About an hour later, I wait outside the bakery's back door. The baker's son, Peeta Mellark, opens the door. As soon as he sees me—or lack of a partner-his eyes dim and he mumbles that he'll go get his father. Mr. Mellark come to the door and looks at my squirrels. "Not as good as your lady friend's, but I think I can still give you something." Shit! I wanted it to be a surprise for Catinip. Before Mr. Mellark can get too far I ask, "Please sir, if it's not too much to ask, could I maybe get some bread? I have a few extra coins if you want that too." I reach into my pant pocket pulling out three coins and holding them out to him. He looks at my hand but doesn't reach for the coins. "Let me see what I've got." He comes back with two fresh rolls still warm from the oven. I take the rolls from him and start to hand the coins to him. "Keep it. The squirrels are nice and fat. Good luck." With that, he closes the door which leaves no option for arguing. Normally, I would have banged on his door and demanded that he take my money, but I'm in too much of a hurry to think about it. I run back to the fence, hiding the bag of rolls in my game bag. When I'm almost to our meeting spot, I stop and pull out the rolls. I stick an arrow through both of them. I walk the rest of the way there. Katniss is already sitting on our rock when I get there. The sun is behind her, giving her a glowing look. I step on a twig so she'll know I'm there. She snaps her head up and gives a small smile. I've been seeing a lot more of