Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Stephenie Meyer created it all; I just like to play around in her world. Honor was my entry into the Meet the Mate contest. I am so very honored to have received the "Most Swoon-Worthy Character" award for my Edward. It was an AMAZING contest with lots of good entries, and I truly thank all the moderators, banner makers, and other participants for their hard work. Special thanks to tinie432 who made me a banner for the story, and whichever banner maker did the one for the contest! When I posted the story for the contest, I realized immediately that I'd sent the next to last edit after being told by my consultant to change Bella's rank from Captain to Major. UNFORTUNATELY, when I sent the entry, I sent the one that hadn't fully been changed. Face Palm. Hence, my total astonishment to receive any award. In addition, I received many comments about things in the story that individuals thought were inaccurate. The use of a white shirt under dress blues, the use of the word soldier instead of airman, allowing Bella to use the term Ooh Rah instead of Aim High (the Air Force rally call). To those that commented/reviewed please know it was never my intention to bring disrespect to the Air Force or Airmen/women. So I appreciate (truly) you taking time to reference things you felt needed to be changed to make the story more accurate. In explanation I would like to add, I can only say that I was told by someone in high authority that a long sleeve white shirt was an acceptable dress option for dress blues (the flats that Bella wears aren't – but were what I can up with for an injured airwoman). As for the use of Airman versus soldier, I didn't think that many civilians would be as familiar with the term, so I went with soldier instead. I've changed that for this version (except for when Edward, a civilian, references an military individual). And as for the Ooh Rah, I was certain that not many would be familiar with Aim High. My consultant indicated it would be okay to use Ooh Rah in a room of mixed branches of service, but now that I can put a brief explanation, I've changed the ending to reflect the proper usage. If, as an active or retired member of the services or family member, you see any other mistakes, please let me know. I say this because the integrity of this story is very important to me. Here is why - this story is dedicated to some very important people to me. My brother, Philip, who has served almost 40 years in the United States Air Force. Bubba, thank you for always being there for me personally and for the many countless years of unselfish service in keeping my family and country safe. The Air Force will lose a great leader when you finally decide to hang up the hat. My niece, Rebecca, who is following in her father's footsteps. My father, C.M., who served in War War II in the Navy. The war stories I heard made my blood run cold, but made me proud to be called your daughter (Yes, I was an OOPS baby – and I won't tell you how old my dad was when I was born!). My uncles and aunts who also served in War War II in the Army and Marines. Those families who lost loved ones on 9/11 and those who lost their lives serving as responders and heros that day. I will never forget seeing videos of the plane hitting the Pentagon and knowing my brother was inside . . . or those hours wondering if he was alive or dead. Enough said. ~Honor~ Mr. and Mrs. Cullen,It is with great regret I must inform you that your son, Second Lieutenant James Hunter Cullen, is considered missing in action. His plane was reported shot down over Afghanistan. Search efforts have been initiated . . . Of course, there had been more to the letter - the appropriate praises and the assurance that all resources would be utilized to continue looking for Jamie until he was found. But while those promises served as a thread of human hope for Edward's family, the well-worn letter remained in a place of honor on his mother's kitchen countertop. It sat right beside the tattered bible she read from every morning over coffee where she implored a power higher than humans to give peace to her family, to bring Jamie home in some way. Edward could quote the entire letter. He'd read it a hundred times, but it was those three sentences he recited in the darkest of hours. Jamie was his baby brother by many years. An "Oops Baby," Edward, Emmett, and Jasper always liked to tease their mother and father. It was no secret the Devil-May-Care Jamie had been conceived on a second honeymoon; one his parents had planned to celebrate surviving ten years of parenting three headstrong, rambunctious, and energetic boys. Emmett had been twelve when Jamie was born. Jasper was eleven. He and Emmett were Irish twins. Edward had been nine, just about to turn ten, when his father placed a squalling blue eyed baby in his arms and introduced him as James. But although the difference in their ages could have led to a distance between them, the three older Cullen boys had taken Jamie under their wings and molded him into a hellion . . . a hellion who had thought nothing of applying to the Air Force Academy and graduating with honors to go on to be a combat pilot. Afghanistan and the war had been his next great adventure . . . until the day his plane had been shot down and he'd disappeared from their lives in the same blaze of glory in which he'd arrived. Laughter from the pool area reoriented Edward, making him aware he'd been gone too long from the party. Alice and Rose, Jasper's and Emmett's wives, would come looking for him soon if he didn't return. They'd brought friends hoping to play matchmaker, but Edward was doing all he could to avoid the possibility. He'd just secured a position at the University of Washington's Medical Center as a trauma surgeon, joining his hero - his father. After years of giving up everything to gain an internship that he could turn into a gold ticket, Edward wasn't ready to be forced into finding his mate, as his brothers and father like to call their wives, no matter what his mother and sister-in-laws thought. He'd had relationships, ways of satisfying the itch of a healthy male, but nothing to carry home. He had faith he'd meet the right one when the time was right, and he was in no hurry, regardless of how much his mother might want that time to be now. Maybe when Jamie came home Edward would get his brother to set him up. Jamie always had a knack for finding the best women, ones you could trust, like, and lust over all at the same time. After smoothing the tear stained letter against the cool marble of his mother's countertops, Edward moved to join the party, grabbing the fruit bowl and chips he'd been sent to retrieve. He'd gone only a few steps when the doorbell rang, diverting him from returning to the Fourth of July celebrations. Hoping beyond hope it wasn't another cute blonde invited by Rose, Edward set the food down to serve as the family's greeter. No. Was the only word he could think when he opened the door to find the two men in dress blue uniforms, their hats placed upon their heads with military precision, white gloved hands stiffly at their sides. No. ~Honor~ Mr. and Mrs. Cullen, James was not only a good pilot but an outstanding Air Force officer. As his commander, I can assure you I've never met a finer man. Although it will bring you little comfort, I would like you to know that I considered him not only my airman, but my friend . . . Major I. Swan United States Air Force Major Swan's letter had been more comfort to the family than the commander could realize. Although, just like the original letter from the Air Force, Edward latched on to just three sentences to recite in the darkest hours. The Cullens had been given only small pieces of information when Jamie went missing, but upon the confirmation of his death, more of the story had been divulged. Jamie had been flying with his squadron of F-15 Eagle fighters on a routine mission when they'd fallen under enemy fire. Major Swan had attempted to divert the attack, but had been hit attempting to help Jamie. Both had gone down and had been considered missing in action, although the Cullens hadn't known a family so close to them, only a couple of hours away in a small town named Forks, had been suffering the same fate as theirs . . . waiting. A group of Marines, looking for gun caches, had uncovered far more than the weapons. In a small dark hole in the ground, they'd found Major Swan along with Edward's dead brother. How long Jamie had been dead the authorities wouldn't say, but Edward wondered what horrors the major must have experienced during that time. All the family knew was that Major Swan had been taken to Germany to be treated for injuries. Edward suspected Post Traumatic Stress as well. Now, almost six months later, the Cullen family prepared to bury Jamie's ashes. It had been a collective decision. Christmas was Jamie's favorite time of the year, so they'd delayed upon receiving his cremated remains. The plan had allowed the extended Cullen and Platt families to converge on Seattle. Jamie's friends from high school, the Academy, and even some of his squadron mates had come from all across the world to be at his remembrance ceremony, although to call it such was really a misnomer. It was to be a party, one Jamie would've been proud of. A fitting tribute to the boy who'd refused to grow up in many ways. Yes, there would be the speakers, the traditional casket covered with the flag, and Jamie's handsome picture in his dress blues smiling at them from beside it, but then there was to be a celebration of epic proportions. Their father, Carlisle, had rented an entire hotel to assure no one had to travel afterward. While decorum was necessary, they would be celebrating Jamie in true Scots-Irish – true Cullen – fashion. The only blight was that Major Swan had not been deemed medically fit to travel, or so the Air Force officer who would be speaking had informed them. It seemed the major had raised a fit to be released early in order to attend Jamie's funeral to no avail. Edward and his family had surmised the major had quite a temper from the way the Air Force official had flinched during the telling. No matter, Edward, Emmett, and Jasper fully intended to meet Major Swan, to spend time with the person who'd been with Jamie in his final hours. What Major Swan could share with them, they weren't sure, but it was important to the Cullen brothers to show respect to Jamie's commanding officer. The taps of drums and the eerie cry of the bagpipes brought Edward's mind back into focus. Jamie's funeral had turned into a spectacle with the city of Seattle "honoring" their fallen son. It didn't hurt that Carlisle's brothers and cousins were or had been firefighters in