Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Stephenie Meyer created it all; I just like to play around in her world. I just wanted to give a quick shout out to beachcomberlc who was the coauthor in writing this baby for the Tricks and Treats Contest and kitchmill who betaed for us! It was a true joy to write this with them. Beachcomberlc and I were honored to receive the First Place for Judge's Vote, Pumpkin Pie Award (Best use of Pumpkin), Candy Land Award (Best Romance), Host Pick (OhGeeFantasy), and Judge's Pick (PostApocalypticDepository) for Lost Souls. ~Lost Souls~ Bella The first time fate put Edward Cullen and me together, I was barely six weeks old. We'd just moved to Forks, Washington, closer to Esme, my mom's best friend. They thought putting us in pumpkin Onesies together for a picture would be the "cutest thing." At four months old, he looked a lot less like an alien than I did. A year later, our second bonding experience came in the form of pumpkin costumes. I looked a lot better than Edward in that picture because my dark hair didn't clash with the orange hat with green stalk and tendrils. There was something to be said about redheads not wearing orange, and, unfortunately, Edward's copper hair also stood up in unmanageable spikes. Of course I didn't remember either of the two momentous occasions, but the pictures lived in infamy. Our moms' insistence we dress like pumpkins continued until we were five, when Edward wanted to be Aladdin and I was stuck on Belle. We'd come to an agreement over a viewing of "It's the Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown" that we were going to demand different costumes. The compromise was for us to carry plastic pumpkins to collect our candy. At eight, I discovered boys had cooties, and Edward found out it wasn't cool to have a girl as a best friend. That Halloween, instead of trick-or-treating together, Edward and I declared war with the pumpkins our mothers had bought to decorate. "The line in the road is the boundary. You can't come over here," I shouted at him. Edward touched his toe an inch over and raised his eyebrows. Screaming, I aimed and threw a small pumpkin as hard as I could. It fell short, busting on the pavement and sending orange guts onto his jeans. "Wonder if pumpkin helps cure the cooties," I taunted. As he grabbed more ammunition, I ran toward our big tree for cover, but Edward was a better shot. A pumpkin hit the trunk, splattering me. "Don't know, but they're good for keeping little girls away," he shouted, sending another one. It busted and spilled into my hair. Growling, I retaliated and hit him in the leg. He yelped like a little puppy. He tried to get me back, but missed, hitting the side of my house instead. The loud thunk gave us away. "Edward Anthony Cullen!" Esme's voice was shrill. "Bella!" My dad jogged down our stairs behind her, eyes narrowed. Edward and I both squirmed as Esme and my dad glared down at us, Carlisle grinning from behind. "Explain," Esme demanded of Edward, and he stepped a foot closer to me before he caved. Eyes wide, Esme looked back and forth between us. "Apologize. Now." She sounded like that mean army guy on television. Edward turned to me quickly, causing some of the pumpkin seeds with strings to fall into his face. Unable to help it, I started giggling. He blew one away from his lips, and my giggling turned into snort-laughing. He smiled that silly smile of his and joined me. "Sorry, Bella." "Me too, Edward." He kicked at the ground, looking down. "I don't care what Emmett said, you're my best friend." "And you don't have cooties." "We've got to stick together. " He looked up at his mom's angry face and ducked his head. "Partners in crime, okay?" he asked in a small voice. I grinned then nodded. Little did we know, life had a bad way of breaking up perfect plans and partners. My mom left my dad for the man she'd been secretly seeing and took me far away from Charlie, Esme, Carlisle, and Edward when I was ten. Thank God for AOL Instant Messaging, or I would've lost my mind over the next four years as she went through man after man, in a string of affairs. I talked to my father almost every day, and sometimes we were in a place long enough for Edward and me to exchange cards. Christmas wasn't important, and certainly not Valentine's Day. Our holiday, like our lives, was the one of tricks and treats—sometimes we got tricks, sometimes we got treats. The summer before I turned fourteen, my father won one of the many court battles he'd waged for me. The tides had turned, and judges didn't always rule that mothers raise their children. I ran as fast as I could into Charlie's arms at the Atlanta airport. As for Edward, I knew, thanks to our emails, he'd grown to almost six foot, but the gangly teenager waiting for me in Seattle was a shock. Then he smiled his goofy smile, and I reached for his hand. Edward Halloween had always been "our" holiday—Bella and mine. I couldn't actually remember a Halloween without some kind of pumpkin presence between us until her mother decided to take off to Arizona. To be honest, I hadn't cared so much about Renee leaving, but she'd taken Bella with her and looking across the street at her darkened bedroom window night after night, month after month had left me with a heavy feeling in my stomach. I'd made Bella-less routines in my life with my few friends, but Halloween had never been the same without her. It was almost four years later when I went with my folks to pick Charlie and Bella up at the airport in Seattle. I paced as we waited at the gate for them to arrive. Although we'd kept in touch, we'd never traded pictures or anything girly. So I was completely confused when my mother gasped and wrapped her arms around the petite young woman with long, dark, wavy hair who darted through the door. I frowned when Charlie walked up, his hand extended to shake my dad's. Where was Bella? Oh! The young woman in my mom's arms— that was Bella? Wow. No longer the little girl I'd gone trick-or-treating with, as she lifted her head from my mother's shoulder, familiar chocolate-brown eyes gazed back at me. They were unmistakable, even if they held a few shadows of sadness. Reaching around to scratch my neck at the heat there, I shuffled my feet before grinning at her. "Hi, Edward." She smiled as she reached for my hand. "It's nice to see you again." The tips of my ears heated up, and I said in a low voice, "Glad you're back, Bella." My dad chuckled quietly at my side before stepping forward to envelop Bella in a gentle hug. On our way out of the concourse, Bella yawned widely and slowed to a stop in front of a Starbucks Coffee kiosk. "I really need a mocha. Want one?" I nodded and eyed the stuff in the glass case. I couldn't help but grin at what I'd found. Although it wasn't Halloween, it was a perfect way to welcome her back to Seattle. "Look! Pumpkin Chocolate Chip Loaf. You hungry?" At her eager nod and cautious smile, I order two slices to go with our mochas. We munched our way toward the baggage claim area, the Halloween-themed snack bringing back some of our comfortable childhood familiarity. ~LS~ The events of 9/11 changed the world forever mere weeks after we greeted Bella and her father at the arrival gate at SeaTac airport, but life in our small town on the Olympic Peninsula seemed to move at its own, protected pace, for the most part. The next few years passed in a flurry of drizzly gray days and holidays spent together once more. Horrified at how poorly her bachelor father ate, she dedicated herself to learning to cook healthier meals for the two of them. I was a willing taste-tester for her creations, some of which came from cookbooks, some from the Food Network, and eventually from her own imagination. She developed a real talent for combining flavors, colors, and textures into delicious meals and baked goods. Charlie's health improved as time went by, but he occasionally still snuck over to the diner for a greasy cheeseburger and fries. Bella's culinary creations seemed to agree with me as well; I grew even taller and started to put on some muscle. I joined the cross country and track teams at school and enjoyed the quiet solitude of my daily runs through the nearby Hoh rainforest. Geek that I was, math and science were my favorite subjects in school, and I began to consider future careers and post-secondary educational plans. By junior year, I was pretty sure I wanted to be an engineer. Despite not following in his footsteps and pursuing a career in medicine, my father encouraged me to choose my own path. It was at the Forks High homecoming parade that fall when our friendship turned into something more. Since homecoming week fell at the end of October, the theme of "Halloween Carnival" was easy to choose. Bella decided to turn her ancient red behemoth of a pickup truck into a float for the parade, and I designed an automated Ferris wheel to carry gondolas holding pumpkin heads decorated as Spartan fans. We joined forces with Bella's friend Angela and her boyfriend Ben, another science nerd like myself, to compete for the grand prize package of dinner for four at The Lodge. We spent several weekends holed up in Ben's garage with his father's machine tools, scrap metal, and a small lawnmower engine we'd found at a garage sale. Bella kept us well fed with homemade pizza, and Angela applied her considerable artistic talents to the decorations on the Ferris wheel itself as well as the pumpkin head "fans." The day of the parade, we met to decorate the truck. Ben and Angela were inside the house getting some cold sodas, and I had just finished bolting the stabilizer framework to the bottom of the truck when Bella stepped in my direction, paintbrush coated with bright orange paint in her hand and a mischievous grin on her face. "Oh, no you don't!" I laughed, taking a step backward. "Oh, just a little face paint for old time's sake?" She grinned. "It's been at least ten years since we dressed up as pumpkins for Halloween." She leaned closer, raising the brush toward my face. I caught both her hands in mine and backed her up, attempting to grab the brush. I froze as she collided with the side of the truck and the full length of our bodies lined up. Her eyes widened, her breath catching in her throat, and I found myself leaning down and touching my lips to hers in our first kiss. Most teenagers would probably say their first kiss was awkward and kind of embarrassing, but in our case it felt easy and natural. We knew each other better than almost anyone and it just felt…right. Well, until Angela pushed open the door, sodas in hand, and skidded to a halt with a grin on her face. Ben, clueless as always, barreled into her from behind, and both ended up covered in Mountain Dew. We all laughed as Angela squealed and ran back into the house shaking off droplets of icy cold soda. Ben rolled his eyes, spun on