Disclaimer: All publicly recognizable characters, settings, etc. are the property of their respective owners. The original characters and plot are the property of the author. The author is in no way associated with the owners, creators, or producers of any media franchise. No copyright infringement is intended. Stephenie Meyer created it all. A/N: This was my one-shot submitted for the Fandom Fights the Floods. I posted it many years ago after the fund raiser was complete, but removed it from FF and Twilighted because of very negative troll. I'd thought to possibly expand it one day and make it into a full story. Time, work, and the beginnings of my second original fiction novel means that I won't be, so for the anniversary of my mother's death, I've decided to place it back up for readers to hopefully enjoy. ~FOREVER~ Sunlight streamed through the window, teasing the back of my eyelids as I stretched beneath the warmth of the covers and felt the aches and pains slowly ease from my body. I'd overslept. We'd had a late night, and I wasn't a teenager who could just bounce back after a few hours sleep. I reached over to grab for Edward and came up in a start when I did not find him beside me. Panic gnawed at me until I heard the music drifting softly up from downstairs. The grin that cut across my face was unavoidable. He was playing. It was going to be a good day. Even after years of marriage, Edward hated when I wore clothes to bed. If I tried, his hands worked tirelessly until we lay skin to skin. It was only then that he could settle down to sleep, his arms wrapped around me . . . protecting me as usual. Of course that meant I had to hurry as quickly as possible to pull on the pajamas and robe that I kept at the foot of the bed. Running a brush quickly through my hair, I heard the static electricity crackle in the air, and I imagined that I looked like I had a haystack sitting on top of my head. I was too impatient to sit down to braid it. "Morning, ma'am," Sabrina said quietly as I passed her in the hall. "He's down in the music room," she said with a small smile. She was excited for me, and chuckled softly as I tore past her. "Bella, please be careful," she admonished as I approached the stairs. I grimaced but slowed my pace, making sure to use the handrails as I made my way down the wide staircase. Esme had planned the entrance way to perfection when she built the house for Edward and me. I could see the sunlight shaping into beautiful prisms as it bounced of the highly polished marble tiles. The music room sat just off of the entranceway, the wall of windows overlooking the small, meticulously tended garden that would be full of freesia, roses, and strawberries come springtime. My mouth watered at the thought of the large red fruit sliced up for breakfast. I'd grown use to having fresh strawberries and would forever be grateful that my husband insisted that we have them planted in the sunny little garden. The memories of my children, and then later their spouses, stealing the fruit would always be some of my most precious ones. When I finally reached the lower step, I carefully stepped onto the tile and walked softly over to arched entranceway. I stopped just outside the door and laid my head up against the wall listening to the beautiful melody that poured from the room. My lullaby. I wanted to sob at the breathtaking splendor of the notes as he weaved the intricate music. This piece of perfection with which this perfect man now serenaded me had wooed me to finally accept his marriage proposal, calmed me through the trials of my pregnancy, the battles of caring for twins, and the nights after we'd lost Carlisle and Esme. A recording helped to calm me on the nights and days that Edward was away from me . . . when I could not reach him. I forced myself away from my leaning position, refusing to waste one precious moment by harboring sadness. He knew the moment I stepped into the room and the music ceased as he turned to me, his emerald green eyes snapping with fire. "Bella…" He sighed and started to rise. I held my hand out telling him to remain where he was. "Please, play. It has been awhile," I said softly, the sob I was holding in threatening to tear from my throat. "I'm so sorry. Are you okay?" His words transported me back to the first time we met. ~Forever~ Years earlier… "Miss, are you lost?" a male voice asked. "Um…yeah," I joked, realizing that I would not be able to find my way back to the floor without help. Seattle Children's Hospital was a very large facility, and for someone as directionally challenged as me, it could be a mess of interconnecting hallways that went nowhere. I turned to find a male nurse smiling at me. "Where are you supposed to be?" he questioned with a flirty smile. I wanted to huff at him, but figured it would be unwise if I wanted to get back to where I needed to be. "I'm the new teacher. I've only been here for about a month, and I was trying to track down a patient that had been sent here. Or at least, that's what I was told. Silly me, I should have known that they meant intensive care. Anyhow, I made it to the ER just fine before I realized the mistake. I thought I had to come back through here to get to ICU." He smiled at the perplexed look on my face. "No, you'll actually have to go back through the ER and go in the opposite direction. C'mon, I'll show you." It was hectic with people running from one emergency to the other, but suddenly even the normal chaos was heightened as a large man barreled out of one of the rooms just ahead of us. "I didn't touch my child, do you understand me. She's confused. Jane, baby, tell the doctor that it wasn't me," he shouted in a harsh tone back into the room. A police officer stepped into the hallway and the man panicked, beginning to walk quickly towards me and the male nurse. Just then, a god, in human form, stepped out of Jane's room. Tall, blond and gorgeous, Dr. Carlisle Cullen was the father half of the pair dubbed as Seattle's hottest doctors. His son, Edward, was rumored to be even more gorgeous. I remembered the first time I met Carlisle… Carlisle walked into the room to check on the patient I was working with. After I'd managed to untie my tongue and introduce myself, he'd chuckled at the blush that stained my cheeks. Even after embarrassing myself with my momentarily incoherent behavior, I thankfully earned his respect when I looked down at his ring finger and smiled. "Lucky lady." His face glowed and before he could say anything my mouth ran off again. "Something tells me that you are the luckier one, though." My observation won him over. "You have no idea," he responded before pulling the chart and beginning his review of her progress. He charmed the young girl thoroughly and before he was through, she was smiling despite her pain. After his checkup on the young girl, he'd invited me to coffee. "Purely platonic," he'd teased, sensing that I was a boundary kinda girl. My time with her was done, so after saying my goodbyes, we left together. I'd heard the nurses talking. Almost all of them had made a play for either Carlisle or his son (whom I'd yet to meet), or both. I was not that kind of girl, but I enjoyed the time I spent talking to him. His caring nature quickly broke down my normal defenses, and in the end, he'd learned more about me than just about anyone else. I was astonished to learn that he truly had a son who was also a doctor here at the hospital. I was amazed, as he didn't look older than thirty himself. In fact, he had two children, a son and a daughter. If I was astonished at finding out his son was a doctor, I was shocked to find out that his daughter was Tanya Cullen, the world-renowned model. The woman was sex incarnate, and every man's wet dream. She'd been rumored to have had affairs with most of Hollywood's leading men, and even some of the women. Carlisle and I had had several more coffee breaks together over the next few weeks. I was not a morning person, so I usually dragged myself into the hospital cafeteria for a morning cup of Joe before starting my instruction with the kids. After several mornings of chance encounters, he'd begun to wait on me. I was honored the morning I came in to find him sitting by an astonishingly beautiful woman, and he rose to wave me over. I knew by the look in his eyes that this was the "lucky lady." She reminded me of the starlets of the 1950s and 1960s Hollywood. She rose gracefully and surprised me by pulling me into a hug. I patted her back awkwardly, unsure of how to react. I wasn't overly comfortable with touching or hugging people. My mother had left my father and me when I was a child, and she'd died not many years later in a car accident with her new husband. I had only vague memories of her smiling face. Charlie, my dad, had loved me tremendously but he was not a touchy-feely guy. " My dear, you have no idea how glad I am to meet you," she murmured, to my confusion. I shook my head at the memory as the man began running toward me, shouting his innocence. He was crazed it seemed. I froze in fear, realizing he'd pulled a knife from his pocket, and I was directly in his path. "Bella!" I heard Carlisle scream just as the police officer went to dive at him. I saw everything in slow motion, the man heading toward me and his intent on getting me as a hostage was clear. He, like me, seemed walking/running challenged, so he stumbled and the knife was suddenly headed toward me with accidental, but deadly, intent. Just before I would have been stabbed, an arm snaked around my waist and pulled me backwards, the books I'd been carrying falling to the floor around me. A hot flash of pain sliced through my arm, and I realized belatedly that I'd still been struck. I closed my eyes tightly at the agony, and attempted to not breathe through my nose. The smell of blood made me sick. I know . . . ironic since I worked in a hospital, but my patients were usually on the mend, not bleeding freely. I heard a grunt behind me and felt the wall of muscle against my back jerk slightly. "Bella, dear, can you open your eyes?" Carlisle suddenly spoke from beside me. "Don't want to," I mumbled. "Why?" "The sight of blood makes me sick," I whispered, attempting not to gag at the metallic smell that I had accidentally breathed. "Amazing," a velvet voice spoke from behind me, and I felt the vibration of his speaking at my back. I was only a woman. Anyone would have gasped at the sound of that sexy voice. My eyes flew open and met a set of the most vivid green eyes I'd ever seen. I was lost in his gaze, my pupils dilating at the pull between us. It was almost as if we were lost in our own little world, so it took a