This was an entry I did for the Meet the Mate Contest. Thank you to everyone who took the time to read and review this story. I've started to write an EPOV to accompany it and may go on to do an Epi later, but in the mean time please check out my new multichapter story, Healing. Thanks also to Anton M who was my Beta. I do not own Twilight or any recognisable characters. This was all for fun. I actually met Edward Cullen three times in my life and each time was different. Each time I was different. The first time I wouldn't let him in. I was scared both of him and these strange new feelings. I had an aching hole in my life but he was too big to fill it. The second time I met him I was so sure of myself, who I was and where I was going and there was no room for Edward in my life. He simply didn't fit. The third time I was ready and he fit perfectly. This is the story of those three meetings. "Bella, you need to meet Ben's friend Edward. He is so handsome and perfect for you." "Ang, no. You can't keep trying to set me up. I'm happy as I am." "No you're not, Bella. I've seen you crying over those romantic comedies, you need a man. You at least need to get laid." In some ways Ang was right. I did look at my friends, in particular Ang, who were in relationships, and I longed for what they had. But for me it seemed an elusive dream. I'd dated, but no one seemed to really push my buttons. I had yet to find anyone with whom I could see myself with, long term. This didn't prevent my friends from trying to set me up at every opportunity. "Ben!" yelled Ang, pushing us through the crowded club toward the man she'd been seeing for the last three months. As we approach I notice a crop of copper hair attached to an extremely handsome face. I look down further, taking in a well-toned physic dressed in casual yet stylish attire. Definitely good looking and definitely knows it. He is way out my league. In addition, I've met his sort before. You know the one. They can get any girl they want and are making it their life's work to do so. Smug and arrogant doesn't even start to cover it. "Hi Ang, Bella. This is my friend Edward." So he's the set up. I'm not sure whether to be flattered they think someone like this would go for someone like me or to be insulted they think I'd go for the shallow handsome type. "It's a pleasure to meet you Bella," says Edward, giving me a self-confident smile that I'm sure he knows will melt any girl's knickers. The evening progresses predictably. Ben and Ang make excuses to leave us alone and Edward turns on the charm. I have to admit tonight I'm not totally immune to it. There is something about this man that's attracting me. There's a pull I've not experienced before. It might be the way he looks at me as I talk, as if I'm the only person in the room, or the way I feel drawn to look into his deep green eyes that remind me of the ocean. It could be the tingle, almost like electricity, that runs through me when our arms accidentally touch in the crowded club or it could be the sound of his laughter, deep and carefree, or the smell of his cologne mixed with something indescribable that reminds me of forests and damp soil with the occasional hint of Christmas on the edges. Perhaps it's the way his long fingers curve around his glass or the way his lips pout out slightly as he takes a slow sip of his drink or the way his biceps flex as he lowers the glass. I can't deny this man is doing something to me, something new, something exciting. But I know I'm the only one to feel it, and I'm not beautiful enough, or witty enough, or clever enough to keep a man like this interested. I know any relationship would only be a one night stand, a flash in the pan. Every time I start to let my guard down I'm reminded of the sort of person I'm talking to as yet other individual vies for his attention; from the bartender to random people who pass us in the club. He seems to know everyone and they all want to say hello and be smiled at by this beautiful creature. I, on the other hand, know no one. Every time we're interrupted he apologizes and smiles at me, a smile that makes me want to forgive all his faults, and once again he gives me his full attention, asking insightful questions and making me feel like he is interested in my reply, but I know it's an illusion. Eventually I take hold of my courage, make my excuses, find Ang and tell her I'm going home. That night I lie in my bed unable to sleep. I run over and over again my meeting with Edward. Yes, he was handsome and popular, but he did genuinely seem interested in me. Maybe I was wrong to let my prejudices get in the way. Perhaps next time I see him, I'll give him a chance. But the next time I see him is at the club again. I'm there with Jacob from my History class. He's a handsome guy, and someone I'd probably be interested in, if he wasn't so gay. He's also, apart from Angela, my best friend. I spot Edward on the dance floor, moving to the beat with some leggy blond. So maybe my first assessment wasn't so wrong after all. I'm about to lead Jacob off to the bar, my arm linked through his, when Edward spots me and I see him wave and start to make his way towards us. "Bella, I'm so glad to see you again. You ran out on me last week, how are things?" How are things? Humm... let me see. I can't stop thinking about you, I even dream about you, but I know I can never have you, at least not beyond becoming another notch on your bed post. "I'm fine, good in fact, been busy. This is Jacob by the way." That's it, put on a show of indifference. You do not affect me, Mr. Sex God Cullen. Edward looks up at Jacob then down at our linked arms and for a second I think I see his face fall, but then he just nods as if he's reached some sort of conclusion. "Well, it was good to see you both. I suppose I should leave you to it." Our eyes meet one last time and linger a little longer than necessary and, for a brief moment, I think he is going to say something. His face is smiling, but his eyes say something else. There is a touch of sadness there, regret almost. What could I guy like him have to regret? And then he's gone, lost in the crowd. "Who was that hotty?" quizzes Jacob. "You so need to spend more time with him. If you do I'm never leaving your side." "That? Oh that was Edward." My words sound dismissive, casual, but for some reason I feel like I've just said goodbye to a portion of my heart. This is ridiculous. I hardly know him and besides he's a player, isn't he? Throughout the rest of that year at college I run into him occasionally. Every time he seems to be with another girl and each time I feel the same sense of loss. Loss of a thing I never had. At the end of the year we both graduate and go our separate ways and that is the last I expect to see of Edward Cullen. … "Edward, let me introduce you to my fiancée Bella. Bella this is Edward, he's just come to work for me and is proving to be quite an asset. He should do really well in the firm." I take in the copper hair, the strong jaw line, the confident shoulders, before returning to those deep expressive eyes I could never forget. As I do, my heart beat stops before picking up at twice the speed. It's him. Mike has been leading me around this party we've organized to celebrate the fifth year since he first launched his company and the new, big contract they have taken on. In the last five years my soon to be husband has grown his company from scratch up to a multimillion dollar (at least on paper) corporation. The long term plan is to keep growing for another five years before selling it and us both retiring. That's right, we plan on retiring at the age of only 34. This, of course, will mean I'll have to give up my job as a powerful player in the world of publishing. You see my husband isn't the only successful one in this relationship. We are the true power couple. We are both very dedicated to our careers. We work long hours and most of our socializing is at events like this one. Charity events, company balls, places where the rich and powerful meet to network and display their wealth and strength. It's the sort of place I never thought I'd belong, but my career demanded I step up to the plate in order to progress and with Mike's encouragement life started to take off for me. Before I knew it, I was an expert in wearing cocktail dresses and walking in heels. "Edward, I believe we met at college. How have you been doing?" My words hide my sweaty palms and my now dry mouth. Why am I reacting like this? It would appear Edward is one of my Fiancé's new recruits. As new projects are taken on, the number of employees under his control has to grow. As we are introduced Edward looks at me with his piercing green eyes and I feel a stirring of the emotions and feelings I had towards him all those years ago. What is it about this man that makes me feel this way? "I'm doing very well, Bella. I'm looking forward to the challenges that working for Mike is going to bring." "Edward's in Alec's team, Bella, so he'll be heading up the legal aspects of the new project." "You're a lawyer?" "That I am. It took me a little while to finish up my law degree, I kept finding excuses to delay the end. I'll have to tell you one day about my adventures and travels on my gap years. But here I am now, entering the corporate world." As we talk his green eyes don't leave mine and they hold a curious look. He seems to be trying to puzzle me out. Mike makes his excuses and moves away to work the room some more, giving me a brief peck on the cheek as he goes. "Mike tells me you are an executive in a publishing house. Does that leave you much time to write? I've never been able to forget the passion in your eyes as you spoke about your joy of writing." God, he remembers that? But that was such a long time ago, before practicalities and reality hit. You are never going to make it rich as a writer, but I found I had a real skill for editing, and now I manage several teams of editors, having risen through the ranks of the publishing house. Do I miss reading new writers' works and helping them to bring their ideas to fruition? Sure I do. Do I regret that I no longer have time to set my