CHRISTMAS TIME IS HERE AGAIN "Good afternoon class! Today, we are going to be setting everything in motion for next week's trip to Liverpool for Christmas shopping. As you know, we are going to be venturing into the Muggle part of the city – we have chosen Liverpool as they have the most stringent Muggle-handling policy outside of London, given the number of tourists they receive each year from around the world." Professor Umano peered around the room with over-bright eyes. It had been a good few years since the Hogwarts governors had allowed the school to take a trip. "That being said, we still need to maintain our cover, as a visiting school from overseas. Whilst the relevant authorities are aware of our visit and have assured us that every precaution to keep us… incognito will be taken, I will not have our presence revealed by raucous students hell bent on flaunting the International Decree of Secrecy because of too much… revelry." The second part of her speech was rather severe, but it was taken in good stead by the assembled eighth years – they were, after all being allowed out of the castle, mostly unsupervised, in a city completely foreign to most of them. Only one muggle-born witch had ever been to Liverpool in their year, and it was many years prior in here childhood. Said witch raised her hand and bounced eagerly. "Please professor, will we be able to visit the Maritime Museum? I think that would be most beneficial to those of wizarding parentage given that most forms of modern magical transportation have been in place for over seventy years – most people in this room won't have been aboard a ship, let alone know anything about the history of them!" "Thank you Miss Granger. We will in fact be spending a good deal of our day at the Albert Dock, so a trip to the museum will be within our grasp. It will be up to you however, how you spend your day. Each pair will spend the rest of our lesson today planning an itinerary, based on the information I have compiled in these pamphlets. In a moment, come up to the desk here and take one of each. You will have until the end of the lesson to compile your schedule and have it approved by me. Off you go!" Harry Potter sighed. Loudly. Since Ron and Hermione had declared their undying love for one another, he found himself at a bit of a loss for company. In fact, most of the returning eighth years had paired up since their arrival at Hogwarts three and a half months previously, and Harry had found himself without a partner for the compulsory Muggle Studies course that had been introduced since the end of the Second Wizarding War. Seeing him at a loose end in their first lesson of the term, Professor Umano had – of course – paired Harry with an ideal partner. Moving his belongings over to the desk on the opposite side of the classroom (why he bothered sitting anywhere else was a mystery, it wasn't like he would move for anything less than an Unforgivable) to the desk of one Draco Lucius Malfoy. Of course it was Malfoy. It was always Malfoy. "So. Malfoy. What do you want to get up to in Liverpool then?" "Ugh. Potter, I have little to no desire to spend an entire day traipsing around some muggle-infested city with you, however, since it is a requirement to passing my NEWTS I must endure. That being said, I require as many activities in said muggle-infested hell-hole that require no communication whatsoever and will eat up our time nicely so that I barely notice I have spent an entire 12 ours in your company. Is that a clear enough instruction? Or would you like me to mime it out to you so that your Neanderthal brain can fathom my meaning?" Harry grumbled something non-committal to this outburst. In truth, it was one of the less vitriolic speeches he had had to endure since their partnering up in September, and as he was rather looking forward to a day trip to Liverpool, he went about collecting the pamphlets with less malevolence than might have been seen in previous years. By the time they (mostly Harry) had cobbled together a decent looking itinerary, it was the end of the lesson and Draco scarpered as soon as Professor Umano had uttered the words, 'class dismissed'. Harry reflected that it was going to be a tough day out in Merseyside. z -o_o- "Welcome to the Knight Bus, emergency transport for the stranded witch or wizard. Just…" "Yes, yes thank you very much but we have a booking as you well know Mr Shunpike." "…'ello Professor Umano! All aboard then kids. "'Choo let me introduce meself for?" "I could hardly prevent you Mr Shunpike, now could I? Now, everyone aboard – make sure you have everything with you for the day, there will be no return trips to Hogwarts until ten o'clock this evening." Harry whiled away the trip with Hermione and Ron, most of the talking given over to Hermione who was expounding on the rich history of wizardry in Liverpool. Apparently one of the earliest Councils for Magic had been set up on the site of All Saints Church in Childwall, back in the 14th Century. The Church had been built there after the Council had been routed during witch hunt-mania in the early 1600s, as a result of the trial of the Samlesbury witches – although the charges against the witches had been overturned, their Council disbanded due to a large amount of questioning and fear-mongering at the time. They arrived in Liverpool just outside of Ye Hole in Ye Wall, an old drinking establishment in the city Professor Umano was quick to point out had existed since the early 1700s, and which positively reeked of magic and booze. Harry waited paitently outside of the Bus for Draco, who had seated himself rather inconveniently on the top-most deck – as far away from Harry as was possible. "Okay students, our first activity is a city-wide tour, on a muggle open-top bus. We are being picked up just down the road at the Town Hall. On we go!" A bright yellow vehicle which looked like a cross between a bus and a boat was waiting for them in front of the Town Hall. Most of the students who had never been on muggle transportation looked incredibly wary of the thing, and Harry had to admit that he had more than a few trepidations about boarding such a thing. "What on earth is this contraption?" "On form as usual eh, Malfoy?" "Shut up Weasel, if I want your opinion – which I never will – I will ask for it." "Leave it Ron, he's not worth it." "Hermione! He's being a dick! As such, it is my duty to comment and ridicule as I see fit." "No Ron, it isn't. Plus, Harry has to put up with him for the whole day so please, please , leave him alone. I don't want Harry suffering because of your spat." "Fine! I'll play nice okay?" "Whapeesh!" "Seamus I swear to God I will hex you through 'til Sunday if you make that whip noise again." "…" "…" "…Whapeesh!" "That's it! Come here!" "BOYS!" Professor Umano strode across the rocking bus/boat and stared sternly down at the scrum forming in the back row. "Do I have to call the Knight Bus back to have it pick you up Mr's Weasley and Finnegan?" "No professor," they chorused contritely. "I should hope not. Now, settle down. We are about to set off." The tour guide began with a brief introduction to the city, before asking if they had all heard of the Beatles. "YES!" about a quarter of the bus replied. "Let's have a little sing-song shall we? 'In the town where I was born Lived a man who sailed to sea…'" "' And he told us of his life In the land of submarines So we sailed up to the sun Till we found a sea of green And we lived beneath the waves In our yellow submarine !'" All of the muggle-borns and half-bloods belted out the Beatles classic while the rest of the students looked either bewildered or, in the case of several Slytherins, terrified. "Are they possessed do you think? Are they going to suddenly turn on us all?!" "Mr Malfoy, if you would please refrain from terrifying the other occupants, thank you. The rest of the tour around Liverpool passed without consequence, taking in such landmarks as The Pier Head, The Three Graces, St. George's Hall, and the Cathedrals and back to the Docks. At the Docks however, things became slightly fraught. "Why aren't we stopping?" "We're going to crash into the river!" "WE'RE ALL GOING TO DROWN!" "MR MALFOY! PLEASE REFRAIN FROM TERRIFYING THE OTHER OCCUPANTS OF THIS VEHICLE!" Splash! The bus careered into the River Mersey, explaining to Harry with its actions, exactly why it looked like half a boat. "Ooooh!" "That's incredible!" "WE'RE ALL GOING TO DROWN!" " MR MALFOY !" Their vehicle was in fact, mostly boat and only partially bus. They sailed along for twenty minutes or so, taking in the Liverpool waterfront and listening to the ever popular, 'Ferry across the Mersey'. z -o_o- "Okay students, you are now free to complete your itineraries as planned. We will be meeting back here at Ye Hole in Ye Wall at 10 o'clock this evening, for our trip back to Hogwarts. With the muggle money we have supplied, hopefully you will be able to find everything you want for Christmas by the time we get back. If you are in need of my assistance at any point during the day, you may contact me via our two-way scrolls. Everyone show me their scrolls!" Fifteen sets of scrolls were set aloft – one per pair – and with that, the students were let free. "Come on Malfoy, we're going shopping." It was literally the only thing that could compel Malfoy to show remote enthusiasm for the trip, so Harry had embraced it fully. With a grimace, Malfoy followed him towards the main shopping area, Church Street. They entered a shop named 'Next' and Harry marvelled at the array of clothes on offer. He wasn't a connoisseur of shopping, in the wizarding world or the muggle, but he had to admit that even he would be able to find something that he would want to wear in here. Draco was another matter, of course. He stood just inside the entrance (having spent several minutes eyeing the automatic doors suspiciously) looking at the wares with a degree of contempt Harry had previously thought was reserved for him alone. Rolling his eyes, Harry moved further into the shop with the vague idea of purchasing a pair of gloves for Hermione and a scarf for Ron. He could hear Malfoy muttering dangerously behind him but he wasn't too concerned. The real worry came when there was absolute silence from his disdainful partner a few minutes later. "Malfoy?" "Over here Potter." Harry turned to find Malfoy standing in front of the small rack of sunglasses Next boasted for those wishing to seek winter sun. He was wearing a remarkably large pair and peering at himself in the small mirror at the top of the rack. "What do you think?" With difficulty, Harry managed to contain the snort that was threatening to burst forth and ruin the somewhat convivial air that Malfoy had managed to contrive with this question. "Erm… maybe something a little bit smaller?" "Hmm, I agree Potter. Perhaps there is a sliver of promise for you yet." Harry was so startled by this almost-compliment that he proceeded to show his appreciation by spending the next ten minutes watching Malfoy try on every pair