At the height of his strength he felt that he could allow himself a few luxuries. Lord Voldemort lustfully eyed the raven haired witch that sat on his right hand side. Though he felt no love for this or any other woman, he was still a man with desires. Over the years he had used the lust and love of others to aid him in his quest for power, but as of late he had used fear rather than seduction. For a long time now it had not been necessary to persuade people to join him by bedding them. Now they joined him or they died. Of course, nobody could use desire against him. He had sneered at other men's weakness, allowing themselves to manipulated by lust. He was not such a fool. Now however, as he watched the pale skinned witch converse with another Death Eater, he felt that he could allow himself to explore this rumoured pleasure. It would be on his terms of course, she would do exactly as he asked, no more or less. She would succumb to his every desire. He knew she lived to serve him, she was perfect for this little exploration. Not that he needed a woman's permission. He could take what he desired the same as he tortured, killed and twisted the minds of many men and women. This was different. He did not like the idea of tainting himself with the flesh of filthy skin. Bellatrix Black, recently Bellatrix Lestrange, had the purest blood running through her veins. She would also submit herself willingly to him. She would be completely his in every single way. This idea stirred a animalistic heat within him. He had dismissed the other Death Eaters, ordering Bellatrix alone to remain. She turned to him with eyes full of utter devotion. She was so willing, she had no idea what he had in store for her. He felt a movement in the lower areas of his robe as he imagined her screaming. 'What do you require of me, my Lord?' Bellatrix purred seductively, her breathing hitching as she heard a slight growl emit from his lips. 'Your wand, Bellatrix' He replied, stretching out his long fingers towards her, he wanted her vulnerable, defenceless under his control. 'My wand?' She said with an air of confusion, subconsciously moving her hand to protect what symbolised her proud status as a witch. 'You would deny me?' He challenged with a dangerous edge to his voice. Bellatrix felt a surge of heat run through her body, as it always did when he inflicted this fear upon her. She immediately retrieved her wand from her robe, handing it to him. 'No, my Lord, I would never deny you anything you desire' she breathed, meaning it with her whole being. She may be married, but that was out of duty. He did not have a fraction of her power, let alone the Dark Lord's. Voldemort took a second to examine her wand, its thick handle and curved length. He briefly considered what used this shape object could inflict on his now unarmed servant, before using his wand to place her wand out of reach. He considered her for a moment, fear, devotion and intrigue filling her dark eyes before he continued. With a flick of his wand her tight corset and skirt were ripped from her body, along with all her undergarments. She gasped as the cold air hit all her exposed body. It wasn't long before she felt hot all over, knowing that what she had desired for so long may finally come true. He lazily removed his own robe, exposing himself. Bellatrix eyes fixed between his legs. With another flick of his wand she felt herself forced to kneel with her legs apart, held by magical restraints. A blindfold appeared over her eyes, blocking her view of her Lord's hardening manhood. 'Silence' he hissed, as she started to protest at her blindfold. She obeyed him, fear and lust flowing threw her veins as she waited for his next move. She didn't have to wait long. 'Crucio!' He screamed, aiming his wand at her most sensitive part. He felt himself harden more as he watched her writhing on the floor, her screams echoing through the halls. When he finally relented, he pulled the witch the witch back into kneeling position. Bellatrix panted trying to catch her breath. Before she could recover she felt him pull her head back, forcing himself deep into her mouth. Bellatrix gagged on the intrusion, but he ignored her discomfort, holding her in place as he grinded into her mouth. This was about his pleasure, nothing else mattered. As he reached his climax he screamed a blood curling scream as he released himself into her mouth, several objects around the room smashing as his power burst out of him. Bellatrix moaned as she felt the thick liquid coat her tongue. She felt herself twitch as she moved her tongue around, relishing the thought of her master's pleasure. As he pulled out of her mouth, his face twisted into a cruel smile. He was far from done with her yet. He spent the next hour using his wand to inflicted cuts and bruises all over his lover's body. He forced her to pleasure him repeatedly as she screamed from his torment. 'Please, please' She begged, knowing that it was only him that could make her beg. She breathed heavily, squirming with want. His inflictions on her allowed her some pleasure as she loved his abuse, as she loved feeling him climax for her. But she had a primal desire, he was yet to take her, to join with her. After some time he grew bored of dull screams he was now getting from his lover. He sensed she was growing weary and would not be able to keep this up much longer. He flicked his wand, flipping her over onto her hands and knees. Without checking or caring if she was ready or not he forced every inch of himself into her. Bellatrix screamed as her wish was fulfilled. She felt him deep inside her, taking her like the bitch he made her feel like. She tried to move her hips to aid his thrusting, but found herself unable to move. He was in control of this, and she loved it. He listened to her moans as he thrust without mercy, taking her roughly. He got harder and faster as he neared his final climax. As Bellatrix started to scream from the brutal-ness of his movements he felt himself tense as he climaxed. He vaguely noticed Bellatrix seemed to have followed him in orgasming, but he didn't comment. He was indifferent to her pleasure. He pulled out of her, finally satisfied. He stood, dressing them both with a flick of his wand, before summoning her wand to him. Looking down on the spent woman beneath him, he sneered before tossing her her crooked wand. 'Clean this mess up.' He snapped 'Report to me here first thing in the morning. Bring Lucius with you if you can tear him away from that ridiculous newborn he thinks worthy of the name Draco' He added before Disapparating on the spot. Bellatrix stared at the spot her Lord had just left, unable to move for several minutes. Finally she came to her senses, summoned the ridiculous house elf Dobby, barking orders at him to repair the objects and to scrub the floor clean. The house elf's eyes widening at the stains, but remained silent under the gaze of his Mistress' sisters gaze. Storming off to the room she was staying in, Bellatrix curled up on the bed, the evening's events flashing before her eyes. He had left her so unceremoniously after fucking her so hard. She shook herself, what did she expect? She was a devoted servant of the Dark Lord, in all ways. She could not expect a man so great as himself to do anything else. Merely being allowed to be used as his pleasure tool was an honoured granted to few, in fact as far as she knew, just herself. She let a smile dance across her face as she fell asleep. ... Nine months later Bellatrix staggered down the alleyway, clutching her swollen stomach tightly, trying to suppress the screams of pain as she felt her stomach contract. She felt a rare tear escape down her face as she recounted the last nine months. He had not touched her again, must to her dismay. She had been hopeful that he might, as she burned to feel him inside her once more. Her husband had tried to initiate sex a couple of times, but had soon got the hint when she struck him with a Stinging Hex right on his most sensitive part. Months had pasted when Draco, her nephew had celebrated his first birthday. She had reluctantly sat in on the celebration, her youngest sister Narcissa insisting on it. Looking into her baby sisters face she saw the love of a mother devoted to her son. Curious that she had taken to it so easily. Bellatrix had pondered on the idea of children, but then thought of having to allow her revolting husband touch her. No, she would not bear his child. If only she could carry the Dark Lord's child. But he had refused to touch her again, even though four months had past. 'Bella, are you ok?' Narcissa voice chipped in as she saw her sister's eyes widen. 'F...fine Cissy, I just...need to go an lie down for a bit' Bellatrix stammered uncharacteristically, stumbling as she raced up to the room she slept in. Locking the door with shaking hands she removed her top to examine herself in the mirror. It wasn't possible, was it? She ran her hand down her stomach, her mind flicking to how tight her corset had been recently, dismissing it as the reduced stress now the Dark Lord was undoubtedly unstoppable. Raising her wand she muttered 'Ingravesco revelio' at her stomach, swallowing hard as the beams of light from her wand turned gold on her stomach. She was pregnant. Pregnant with the Dark Lord's child. Bellatrix sat on the edge of her bed, thoughts whirling through her head. Should she tell him? Yes! Screamed part of her brain, He is your master, you hide nothing from him! But something stopped her. How would he react? He didn't strike her as a paternal sort. Maybe he would see the child as a rival, a threat? What if he...? Bellatrix placed a protective hand over her belly. No, he couldn't. Perhaps she should wait until the child was born. They say that a father becomes a father when they hold their child in their hands. Maybe if he could see the child as not being a threat, he wouldn't harm it? Yes, that's what she would do. She slept smiling that night, knowing the Dark Lord's child grew within her. A few months passed without much event . She'd kept her swelling stomach hidden under baggy robes. Though people seemed to notice her change from her usual corsets and other tight clothing, nobody dared comment. Being practiced at Occlumency she had kept the knowledge of her baby secret, even from the Dark Lord. She was convinced she would be forgiven, once she convinced him of the benefits of this child. It would make a powerful ally , she would tell him. Then without warning, her Dark Lord had fallen. How, nobody knew. Severus Snape had told him of a prophecy, that the son of the Potters would be the one to vanquish the Dark Lord. He had used the rat Peter Pettigrew to learn of the Potter's location before setting out alone to kill the Potters, wanting to defy fate by himself. He had done this so many times before, Bellatrix hadn't batted an eyelid. But something had gone wrong, so terribly wrong.