Poly World: Wolf Pack (Part One in a series) Summary: Charles Swan, a recent police academy graduate has been hired by the Forks Police Department. He and his fiance, Renée Higginbotham, are looking for a place to live. When his second cousin, Billy Black inherits the family home, he invites Charlie and Renée to live with him and his new wife, Sarah. But on the Rez, things run a little differently. There is old magic there, and creatures of lore. Not only that, but a tribal law, instated by Ephraim Black, now allows an adult to wed two people at the same time. Is there more to Billy's offer than meets the eye? And what of Sue and Harry Clearwater? Rated M for mature subject matter, sex, language and violence. Please read with caution. Chapter One: An Invitation I was just coming off of my first night shift on the force. It looked like there were going to be a lot of those for me. All the good nine to five shifts went to the senior officers, and me? Well, I was the rookie. I didn't head home to my little bachelor pad on this particular night, because I had a date planned with my girl. I hightailed it to her place to pick her up. Her mother answered the door. "Good evening, Mrs. Higginbotham. Is Renée ready yet?" I asked, taking off my hat and holding it to my chest as a show of respect. If there was one thing I knew, it was how to impress the parents. "Charles, I've told you that you are welcome to call me Marie, Son. And you know my daughter, she was born early and has been making up for it ever since. I wouldn't be surprised if she was late for her own wedding, which by the way, have you two set a date yet?" She asked, knowing full well we had not. "Thank you, Marie," I nodded as she moved aside for me to enter. "and no Ma'am, we haven't. I've just about saved up for the ring now, I'm going to Seattle next weekend to pick it out. But I'd still like to have a down payment saved up for a house before we tie the knot. No sense getting hitched until I can put a decent roof over her head now, is there?" I smiled, knowing that if there was one thing this woman respected it was a good work ethic. Thankfully that was one of the few things that I happened to possess. "Well, I suppose there isn't too big of a rush just yet. So long as you two don't dilly dally once you are wed, and get to work on making my grandbabies. I'm going to need some to spoil, now that you plan on taking my baby girl away." She grinned, shaking her finger in warning. "You needn't worry too much about that Ma'am. I'd like to have a big family one day. And we'll be staying in the area, now that I've been hired on with the Forks PD. I quite like the job, so I don't fancy us moving away. Besides, my mother's family all live out on the Rez and my father's family are all in Forks, so you won't be the only one in the area thinking about grandbabies, Ma'am." I assured. "Well, that's a relief then! And look, here comes my daughter, so I guess you're saved from listening to me carry on anymore, for now." She laughed. "And remember Charles, that's Marie you'll be calling me please, now none of this 'Ma'am' business." She said, shaking that finger at me again. "Leave him alone, Mom. I don't want you scaring this one off on me, alright?" Renée grinned, kissing her mother on the cheek and grabbing her jacket from the coat rack. " This one ?" I asked as she dragged me out the door before her mother could say another word. "Yes, this one. My mother is hard on boyfriends. They never last long around here." She said as I opened the car door for her. "And just how many did she scare off before me, Renée?" I huffed. "Why? Jealous Charles? You don't have to worry. I already told her you're 'a keeper'." She giggled while I chewed on the thought that she'd dated at least a few other men before me. We were going to dinner at my friend Billy Black's house. He and I had been friends since the playpen, because my mother and his father were first cousins and our mothers were best friends. We grew up fishing together with our dads and granddads. Billy's grandpa, Ephraim, and my grandpa, Ezekiel were brothers-in-law. My grandma Dot was Ephraim's sister. Years ago, when Ephraim was alive and young, he used to take his son, William Black Sr. out fishing all of the time and my grandpa Zeke would tag along whenever they would visit because they lived in Seattle. Some years later, after my mother, Helen, started dating my father, Geoffrey Swan, grandpa Zeke started inviting his future son-in-law to tag along. My dad and Billy's dad, William, got to be quite good friends because of those fishing trips, and my mom and dad introduced William to my mom's best friend, Judith Peterson, who he later married. My mom and dad loved the Olympic Peninsula, especially the area around Forks and La Push, which they visited frequently during those years, so when they graduated from college, they moved back to La Push from Seattle to be closer to their friends. So Billy and I spent our growing up years together. In fact, our parents even bought a house together, and we lived in the basement, while they lived upstairs. Billy used to make a game out of stomping messages to me in Morse code through the floor. I would reply by pounding on the roof with a broom. It was our secret language, though we suspected our parents knew. And our parents used to hang out late at night, so oftentimes, Billy and I would bunk together in his room upstairs while our parents all hung out downstairs. He had bunk beds which were really cool and homemade whereas I only had a trundle for when I had a friend over. Anyway, we'd been inseparable ever since. I'd seen a bit less of him though, since he married Sarah. They were just starting their life together and were still in that honeymoon phase. But we had buried Billy's dad about a year ago, and now Billy was going to be taking his spot on the council. He was pretty excited about it and had invited us over for dinner to celebrate. We had always talked about how great it would be to be on the council and know all of the tribal secrets. Now, it was finally happening for him. I never would be, because my Quileute blood came from my mother's line and both my mother and grandmother had married outside of the tribe. So I was only one quarter Quileute and Renée didn't have any. So any children we had would be even more diluted that I was. But Billy had promised that whatever secrets he learned on the council, he would tell me, even if he wasn't supposed to. He'd had his first meeting with them a couple of days before, even though his official swearing in wasn't until the following weekend. I had to admit I was a little curious to see if he had learned anything. When we pulled up, I walked around to Renée's side and opened her door. We headed into the little house Billy and Sarah were currently living in. It was small but Sarah made it homey and her cooking was excellent which took the focus off of the size of the house. Speaking of cooking, as soon as we got inside, Sarah spirited Renée off to the kitchen to 'help her with dinner', but having seen Renée in a kitchen before, I knew Sarah probably wanted her there for the girl talk, not for her culinary skills. Billy offered me a beer and we sat in the living room while the girls worked. "So, I have more good news for us to celebrate. They finally settled the estate," he announced. A few years back, my parents had been ill and they'd both gone into a nursing home. It was a huge strain on their finances because those places can be pretty pricey, so Billy's parents had bought them out of their share of the house they'd owned together. They were using the money to pay for their nursing home and medical bills. The Blacks had needed to tighten their purse strings to buy them out but they did so without complaint. They were that close. So, after Billy's mom passed two years ago and his dad's passing last year, the house was supposed to go to Billy as their only son. But his sisters didn't think that was fair and they contested it. Which was why a year later it was just now being settled. "Yeah, and...? Tell me!" I urged, perched on the edge of my seat. "My sisters lost their case. Nora's husband is loaded, as you know. Emmie inherited my parent's car. And the twins have already bought a house together, so it was deemed that the will is perfectly fair and reasonable and therefore it stands. The house is mine, Chuck. And I want you and Renée to come and live in it with us." He smiled. "Wow, Billy, that's… wow! I'm so glad you got the house. You really want us to live their with you though? You don't have to do that, you know. What if you and Sarah end up having a bunch of kids? You might need the space there, Billy." Billy sighed. "Chuck we've been trying for months and Sarah isn't even pregnant yet. So, I don't really know what is going to happen for us as far as kids goes. But yes, we've talked it over and we are one hundred percent sure we want you to live with us. Besides, the house has three bedrooms up and three down, so that's plenty of room for any children that might pop out. And come on, a chance to see Renée prancing around in her underwear on the daily? How could I pass that up?" He teased. "I heard that!" Renée yelled from the kitchen. I just laughed. I was used to Billy's sense of humor and we were pretty similar in that regard. I'd made a few good natured remarks about Sarah, too. "Alright, well, I'll talk to Renée, but the way the girls get on, I'd say it's a fair possibility we're in." I nodded. "Great! I hope so." "So, tell me how your meeting with the council went." I asked, dying of curiosity. "Well, you better brace yourself for this, because it's going to rock your world Chuck, and I'm not sure if you'll see it as a good thing or not. Apparently, nothing on this Rez is ever as it seems. They want me to submit to a paternity test before they give me the Black family council spot. Apparently there is a fifty-fifty chance that my dad might not be my dad." " Excuse me?" I sputtered as I choked on my beer. "They think your mom was with someone else ?" "Not think, Chuck, it's a fact that she was. Apparently the laws on the Rez work a little different nowadays than they do elsewhere. We exist as a sovereign nation, to an extent. And when Ephraim Black was chief, he made a pretty big change to the law. Within the borders of La Push, bigamy is legal. My mother legally had two husbands, Chuck. They just didn't widely publicize the fact because the people of Forks don't know