AN: Okay, so I'm using all non-canon ships for this, so I hope everyone is ready for some changes to the regular Cullen family dynamics for this story. BxJ, EdxEs, EmxA, CxR enjoy! Chapter 1: Prelude Bella's POV Several years after Renesmee was grown and settled into her life with Jacob, we finally left Forks. Of course, Carlisle had taken the last few years off of medicine so that no one in town would take note of his forever youthful appearance and question it. The rest of us had no issues staying hidden and with the exception of my dad and the Quileutes who we obviously stayed in touch with, we were happier not having to mix with the humans. But I knew it had been harder for Carlisle and he was anxious to get back to medicine. So, after tearful goodbyes with Renesmee, Jake, my dad and the rest of our extended Quileute family, we departed. My dad promised to keep an eye on the kids for us, but since he wasn't getting any younger, it would more likely be them that were keeping an eye on him, though we'd never tell him that. We would be staying in Indonesia for two years on a small, remote island. We would be living among the indigenous people there. Carlisle was taking over for their local healer who was old and not well enough to continue practicing. By local tradition they did not to appoint a new healer from the tribe until the old healer passed away, so it was common for them to bring in a western doctor for the interim. Their tribe had no legends about vampires and it was a very forested island, so we were safe from exposure and the hunting grounds were good, albeit somewhat small. But we would have our own boat and could get off of the island anytime we'd like to hunt or to further explore Indonesia. We probably wouldn't be back to Forks at all for a while but we planned to fly Nessie, Jake, Dad and Sue out once a year to visit. Once we were settled into our new home, it didn't take me long to realize this was the first time I could actually relax and think things out like I used to as a human. There were no threats in our new home. Unlike in Forks where we were always seeing the ghosts of past battles and finding nonexistent silhouettes of danger lurking in the dark. Finally, I was able to experience the peaceful side of vampiric life. Some of us thoroughly enjoyed the peace, but I could tell Alice missed the excitement of Forks, Emmett missed the adventure, and Jasper with his military background found it altogether too peaceful on the island. So I wasn't surprised at all when Jasper asked me to play chess with him one night. Chess was a tactical game. It sharpened ones skills of strategy and critical thinking. Chess, he'd told me, was good for the mind. Carlisle was attending a woman who was having a difficult labor that evening and both Esme and Rose had gone with him to assist. (It was better to take two assistants, if the bloodlust became too much for one, then the other could take over.) Emmett had gone into the jungle with the intention of finding a panther for dinner, since sadly for him, there were no bears. So it was only Edward, Alice, Jasper and I at home. Part way into the game of chess, I realized I was losing. I was being somewhat petulant about it because I was used to Edward taking it easy on me when we played. So I slammed my fists down on the table, not with full force of course, but a little harder than a human would. "No fair, Jasper!" I said, and as my fists hit the table, so did all the pieces. He and I both reached out for the same piece to pick it up. When we did so, our hands connected. I must have jumped about three feet from the sheer shock of it. And quickly I found myself in a defensive stance a ways back from the table. "What the hell just happened!?" I asked, my voice raised in a high pitch. The only consolation was that Jasper looked just as absolutely surprised as I did, so I knew that whatever hit me must have hit him too. Alice came rushing over and spun me to face her. "Bella, you're okay Bella, now take a second and then tell me what has you so upset, okay?" I nodded and took an otherwise unnecessary breath to compose myself. Edward had just come in from the patio where he had been listening to music and was trying to get a handle on what had happened by reading everyone's thoughts. Including mine, but being that I was on the defensive at that moment, my shield was back up. "I was just playing chess with Jasper and knocked the pieces down. We tried to pick them up but when our hands collided, I think I got electrocuted or something! And not just like a static electricity thing, it was like a current of energy hit me! I would have thought maybe it was something to do with Jasper's powers going wonky but I think he felt it too." I explained, putting the last part as a question to him. He nodded, looking about as taken aback as I was. Alice looked to be suppressing a grin, while Edward seemed to be lost in thoughts of his own. "Bella, is that the first time you and Jasper have touched hands like that?" She asked, which surprised me greatly. Was it something to do with Jasper's power? If so how had I not noticed it before?" I thought back, trying to answer her question. "Umm, I'm not sure, I guess it could be? We didn't exactly get much one-on-one hang out time in Forks with all the chaos and whatnot over the years. I mean, I know we've hugged, but we didn't exactly frolick hand in hand singing "we're off to see the wizard". Why Alice? Is it something to do with Jasper's power, maybe reacting with my shield?" I asked her, trying to come up with some explanation. It wasn't Alice who answered me though, it was Edward, running his hands through his hair. I tried to pinpoint the expression on his face but to me he just looked… defeated. "I don't think so Bella. I have experienced a similar current before but it didn't involve either you or Jasper. So it couldn't very well be a result of your powers. I had previously passed it off as some fluke of science involving ions or something like that, but now, I'm not so sure... Alice?" He asked, since she obviously knew more about this than the rest of us. Alice sighed, "Okay, well at this point, I can either let nature take its course and just make up a reason for what you felt and you can pretend to believe it, letting things eventually happen on their own, or I can tell you what is actually happening, but you'll all be in for quite a shock." She said, plopping down into a chair and motioning for the rest of us to follow suit. "The truth, please, Alice." Jasper said. "You've been acting strangely since we left Forks and I for one would like to know... what gives?" Edward and I both nodded, we had moved so we were sitting on the couch together hand in hand. "Okay, fine. But don't say I didn't warn you all." She laughed lightly. "The electrical current signifies the mating pull. I don't know if any of you are aware, but none of the currently espoused couples living in this house are in fact true mates ." Three separate jaws dropped at Alice's declaration. "Alice! How can you even say that?" I asked loudly, completely floored by such a prospect. "Here me out Bella, please let me explain." She said, turning to Jasper, "Jazz, if I ask you a few questions now, will you promise to answer truthfully?" She began. Jasper nodded. "Okay first off Jasper what would you say, for you, are the five main qualities that would make a perfect mate?" "Good question. But it's not a trick question is it? I am supposed to answer truthfully aren't I, honey?" Jasper smirked looking a little concerned. But Alice nodded, encouraging him. "Hmm, well I guess first, I would have to say that a relaxed temperament would be nice, due to my powers. Next I'd probably say that being a solid, grounded, down-to-earth person is important too. Also, I appreciate it when a woman has her own opinions and is not afraid to voice them. And having her priorities straight is essential. Lastly, it's hot if she gets feisty sometimes, but also knows when to back down and take orders." He smiled. "Perfect, thank you Jazz. Now, I want you to tell me what my five best qualities are please." She asked, and I think he read her emotions to make sure it wasn't a trick before pausing to come up with a genuine answer. "Well Sweetheart, you can light up a room with your excitement like a megawatt bulb. You are the life of the party, fun and lighthearted. You are the organizer when something needs to be accomplished. You have a big heart. And you have exceptional tastes, which might be why you're with me." He winked, giving her a sexy grin, probably to fend off any trouble he was in. "Thank you Jazz. Okay, we're almost finished. Now Edward, please describe Bella's five best traits for me." Alice prompted. And if I were human still I would have turned fifty shades of red at being thrown into the spotlight like that. "Alright, that's easy. She's wonderfully laid back, unless you get her riled up which takes a lot. She is loyal and dependable. She puts the needs of others before her own. She's family oriented and protective of those she loves. And she knows what she wants and goes after it." He finished, smiling warmly at me. "Okay, now Edward, what is your observation from all that you have said and all that Jasper said?" She asked and must have sent him some thoughts of reassurance and encouragement, plus I think there must have been some calming emotions coming from Jasper, because Edward didn't seem even the least bit upset when he spoke next. "Jasper's ideal mate...is Bella." And. You. Could. Have. Heard. A. Pin. Drop. Jasper was the first one to eventually speak. He looked straight at me. "Well I'll be damned." Alice then summarized her point by drawing us back to the topic that set all this off. "Hence the electricity you both felt that was from the mating pull. We've all felt it somewhere before. Though I assume most of the family have simply written it off for one reason or another. But I must say I am most impressed by Edward's epic level of denial, attributing it to science and ions, that was pretty adorable Eddie." She laughed. Edward cleared his throat. "Yes well, it seems preferable to the prospect of my developing some sort of Oedipus Complex, now doesn't it?" I was trying to solve that riddle when Alice piped in again. "Oh grow up Edward, she didn't give birth to you! And you and I are actually only six years younger than she is anyway, it isn't as weird as you're trying to make it!" Oh my goodness! She is talking about Esme!? Edward's mate is supposed to be Esme!? I felt like I was going to have a panic attack. Not that vampires can even have such a thing, but if they could, I would have been. Jasper spoke quietly then.