Disclaimer: I own nothing, just a slave to my imagination! Note: It's been a long time since I published and the good girl in me says I should finish up the many many things I have left open. Yes I will do this, I have 2 stores on the radar to finish (1 chapter left each) and I will continue with some already published stories. Though as many of you may know, sometimes you cannot fight the inspiration bug. This story is going to be dark, difficult and depressing. I felt like it was time to take on something that would challenge me but in how I write and what I write. I hope you enjoy the first chapter. Please note that I have not had a beta reader go over this so apologies for any huge things. My beta has been busy busy busy and I'd rather not bother her too much. If anybody would like to weigh in on this, let me know I'm happy to have your input. Chapter 1: Her Only Recourse It had been two years since the fall of the Order and the rise of the Dark Lord. Muggle London was covered with a darkness and white haze that resembled the aftermath of a nuclear fallout. The streets were silent, the sky pitch black as Hermione Granger made her way to a burned out building on a corner of no particular interest to anybody. She pulled her rag of a shawl further over her head as she looked over her shoulder. No matter how long it had been she couldn't shake the feeling that she was being followed, that somebody would do her ill. In this new world there were many opportunists. Many who would easily kill in order to gain food, favor or any other thing that might make their miserable lives more comfortable. She shivered at the thought and continued on her way. This had not been what they had intended, what they had fought so hard for. Hermione could still see the swinging bodies of her most loved comrades hang in Trafalgar Square, as she watched from the sewers. Harry, Ron, Professor Dumbledore, all had been hanged on a cold and stormy day in November. All had swung in the rain for days until some vigilante had had the guts to cut them down. He was also executed for his troubles, but he would forever be a hero to Hermione. The Dark Lord's rule was harsh and with that came rules and regulations, but also a lawlessness that was unfathomable. Hermione treaded lightly, knowing she was out after hours. The curfew imposed by the Death Eaters would see no one out after 11pm, now at 3 am she would be seriously punished for her crimes. Merlin forbid they find out her true identity. She had done well to live off the kindness of strangers and rely on her own wits. The streets were unkind and she had seen many things in the last two years, none of which had been the world she had previously inhabited. Sometimes she waited to be awoken from this nightmare, other times she wished death upon herself. In a world where the strong preyed upon the weak, where friends fought against friends and where Muggles and Wizarding Folk alike were hauled off to working camps without notice, Hermione knew she needed to flee if she wanted to live. It was this need to flee that brought her to this burned out factory in the heart of London. While London and the surrounding areas had been taken, there were parts of the UK that were still 'free zones', or so she heard. She knew that Professor McGonagall had retreated to her castle in Scotland to fight the Dark Lord. From the last news she had been given, she was still alive and well - fighting the Dark Lord with all the ferociousness of a highlander. Hermione hoped she could make it there. Hoped she could leave this nightmare far behind her. The road was treacherous but better than trying her luck in London, which was overrun with Voldemort's sick followers. Hermione navigated the twists and turns of the building, remembering exactly what her contact had told her. Her wand at the ready she turned and pointed at any sound that was out of place or possibly human or wizard. You could not count on most people now, no matter their true origins. It would be silly to be so close to freedom and squander it on some rouge you happened to encounter on your way. Double checking she was in the right place, she hid herself in a dark corner with a blown out window, which would afford her an easy exit. It was documents she was after, a new identity to be more exact. There was not much her status as part of the Golden Trio would get her now, but this was the last favor she would ask. So she waited in the cold and dark of a burned out building for her contact to arrive. It was particularly cold this night, so she pulled her rags closer to her body, her bare feet tucked under her as best she could. Her eyes had adjusted to the darkness and she could detect some movement from the corridor she had just come through. Cautious she stayed in place, waiting for the person coming her way to show themselves as friend or foe. A young woman made her way, wand at the ready, closer to where Hermione lay in wait. Her hair cascaded over her shoulders and her complexion, what she could see of it in the poor light anyway, would have said she was well fed and in want of nothing. Hermione sighed in relief. It was rather unlikely that this girl would come to steal the last of her possessions and kill her. She stepped out of the shadows carefully, sure to keep her wand at her side. The young woman paused a moment, holding her wand with a slight 'lumus' charm. There was a moment where they both looked at one another in silence, assessing whether it was okay to continue with their clandestine meeting. Finally the young woman came closer and pulled some folded documents from beneath her robes. "Are you Hermione Granger?" she asked with slight apprehension. Hermione couldn't blame her, she knew years of hiding from the authorities had taken its toll on both her appearance and her emotions. "Yes." Was all Hermione could muster. Not having the strength or the will to say more than that. "Here is what you need then." The young woman handed her the documents. Hermione used the light of the woman's wand to read through them. They were identity papers. A photo of a girl in her age, somewhat similar looking, half blood wizard, schooling outside of London. Hermione took her time to look through them, she needed to be sure she could pass for this girl, that she could really be her if questions were asked. The young woman broke the silence, "What do you think?" She asked. "They aren't foraged, that's already something." Hermione looked up at her with only half interest as she continued to examine the documents. The woman was right, they were certainly not foraged, they were very very real. Forged documents would get her killed, real documents gave her a high chance of passing through the city's borders. That could only mean one thing. "Is she dead?" Her question was clear and concise. "Yes." The young woman breathed. "Who was she to you?" Hermione had no more energy to be diplomatic, she needed to know if she could actually use this. The young woman stammered, "My sister. She was my sister." Hermione could see the hurt in her eyes. "We cremated her. Nobody knows." The woman paused, "We have family outside of London, that should be enough to get you through." Hermione nodded and reached for the wad of rations she had in her pocket. She handed them to the woman for payment. These documents would do to get her past the guards. The young woman smiled, "Oh thank you!" She was more than pleased to have the ration cards. Then she frowned slightly, "Perhaps you should cut your hair?" Hermione hadn't considered this as she looked down at the picture in the documents she held in her hand. She was the same age as Hermione, had gone to a different school but yes her hair was straight. And now that she looked closer the nose was a bit different too. She simply nodded to the young woman, unable to smile. "Please go. I don't want you to get caught." Was all she could say for the lady's troubles. She shook her head in agreement and placed her hand on Hermione's bony shoulder, "Good luck." Then she vanished into the darkness. Hermione breathed a sigh of relief. She had become a loner in the last years and did not enjoy the company of others. Having ties meant it hurt more when people died, or it meant they met an untimely death because she had people looking for her. It suited her just fine to keep to herself. This, however, had been necessary. She turned to a cracked piece of mirror that happened to be lying the bowels of this building. It had been a long time since she had seen herself in a mirror and it was shocking what she saw. Hermione Granger was a shell of her former self. She'd lost easily 45 lbs leaving her malnourished and almost skin and bone. The lack of nutrition had taken it's toll on her skin and gums, scurvy had set in making her look sicker than she was. Though she couldn't be sure, nothing in her body had really functioned well in the last six months, her body was giving out slowly. This was her last attempt at survival. The woman had been right though, her last bastion of who she was, her last recognizable feature, needed to go. Curly hair might give her away and she couldn't risk it, not now, not when she had come so far and waited so long. She grabbed the sliver of mirror in her right hand, causing blood to form on her fingers, and grabbed a bunch of her hair with her left. It was with great sorrow that she cut the remaining curly locks she had. Ripping them from her head with force, they were the last things she had that reminded her of herself. They had kept her grounded in who she was, even after all of these horrible events and now, now she needed to be somebody else. She needed to forget she was Hermione Granger and become Erica Simmons. She watched her hair fall gracefully to the ground of this burnt out and degrading old building as if it were a dream. She felt her head to make sure she had gotten rid of every last curl and every last bit of hair she possessed. The looked at the mirror again. Her nose was off...she used her wand and cast a very light glamor it change it. ' Yeah. That will do." Convinced of her success, Hermione Granger curled up in a corner to review the documents. She was so excited she couldn't sleep, too concerned she would mess up to rest. She needed to be perfect, and she only had a few hours to practice. It was 8am sharp when Hermione arrived at the border crossing. It was obvious from the droves of people lined up in the cold, that many had broken curfew to get there early. She was somewhat surprised to see that there were almost as many wanting to come into the city as leave. Voldemort's reign had attracted all sorts of degenerates and bad individuals set on the exploitation of others. The city had