General Ramblings: Legolas is very OOC is this story, so forgive me if you do not like such things. There IS a character death! The story is in Legolas' POV, and this all happens after Aragorn 'dies' by wargs. Movie-verse, obviously, since that did not happen in the book! Although some is book-verse, because I do not put in the elves coming to Helms Deep. (Therefore, Haldir does NOT die!) One-shot fic. Repost ! I've decided to repost this without the lyrics (the reason I had to take it down.) For all of those who liked the original, e-mail me and I'll see what I can do. It was originally to My Immortal, by Evanescence, so you can still listen to that while reading. ;-) Spoilers: Spoilers for The Two Towers! (Movie) Disclaimer: I don't own Lord of the Rings or any of the characters… sadly. I merely borrow them and return them as good as new. They belong to the genius, J.R.R. Tolkien. Rights to the movie belong to Peter Jackson or New Line Cinema or whoever… Summary: Legolas thinks Aragorn has fallen at the hands of Orcs and believes he has lost his best friend. Now he is forced into battle with no hope. Will Aragorn come in time to save him? Warnings: Character death, AU, and Legolas is very OOC. Rated PG-13 for death and violence. Beta: Was beta'd by my best friend: Mari. Could almost be considered to be co-written, because she kept making me change my ending:cries: But, BIG THANK YOU to her, anyway! Thanks, Mari! Elven Warrior "Aragorn?" I turn around, searching for the face I knew so well. Apparently Gimli also notices that Aragorn was missing, for he begins to call out as well. I spotted an Orc lying against a rock, cackling. I rush over with Gimli behind me. I fear what the Orc will say. I begin to question the foul orc just as Gimli rests his axe upon the Orc's neck; none to gently. "Tell me what happened and I'll ease your passing!" he growls brusquely. The Orc cackles again. Anger takes over my emotions and I glare coldly at him. As he continues to laugh, I snap: "Where is he? Speak up!" I am ashamed to say my hands are slightly shaking, as I fear the worst has happened to my brother. However, Gimli thinks it is just because of my anger; I hope. "He's…gehehe…dead," the Orc cackles again. "He took a little tumble off the cliff!" I grab him and pull him up close to my face. "You lie!" I hiss. Aragorn was not dead. He could not die! I knew him; he was just playing a joke on me… Then I snap back to reality. Aragorn would not play this sort of joke upon me. However I still refuse to believe he is dead unless I have proof. I return my attention back to the Orc; he just cackled again before I threw him down angrily and he died with one last choking breath; I held no sympathy. I was about to turn away when something in his hand glimmered and caught my eye. I leaned down and slowly opened his hand. My eyes closed briefly in a moment of anguish. In his hand I saw the Evenstar. I closed my eyes not believing it to be true. My hands began to shake more as I held the Evenstar. I knew Aragorn never parted from it. My mind seems numb as I run over to the cliff and look over the edge into the raging waters below. It was a long drop, and highly doubtful anyone could survive the fall; especially if they were already wounded. This couldn't be happening. I refused to believe it was happening. I felt Gimli's presence beside me, but I paid no heed. All I could think about was the rushing waters below me, and the body floating in them that I would never see again. He was my brother and I feel as though my heart is literally breaking. I continue to stare in horror at the rushing rapids knowing he was long gone. I could do nothing for him anymore. The King came over beside me. I hear him somewhere in the back of my mind as he says to someone, "Get the wounded on horses. The Wolves of Isengard will return." Then his last sentence catches my attention. "Leave the dead." I look at him in a mixture of anger and betrayal. I feel a dark numbness surround and overwhelm my heart. I know his last three words were aimed at me. I remember something my father once told me. 'Waste not fresh tears upon dead grief. Tears will not bring anyone back to life. They are merely a waste of time and energy.' I am shaken from my thoughts as he puts a hand on my shoulder as though it is supposed to comfort me and gives me a look of sympathy. He doesn't understand; he couldn't understand. Aragorn was not only my best friend and companion at arms…he was my brother . I turn to him as he begins to speak. "Come," he says, as though I should follow his every word like a dog. I know that is not how he meant it when he said 'come' but my mind is too numb to think; too numb with sorrow. I do not look at him as he speaks, nor do I follow. I continued to stare into the depths of the water below and eventually three of his guards come and drag me away. I do not put much of a fight into staying. I just slap their hands off me as we near the others and try to walk without stumbling. I hold my head tall, like my father tells me to do and my muscles tighten into a mask of indifference. Next I make sure my eyes hold no emotion, for my father always told me never to cry…to cry is to be weak; so I tell myself not to cry as I feel angry tears pricking at my eyes. I tell myself not to be weak. I tell myself not to "waste" fresh tears upon dead grief. Yet, I know my grief is not dead; my brother is. I do not fully understand at the moment, but I refuse to cry. Gimli is already upon the horse looking down at me confused. Most likely confused at the lack of emotion I am showing. He knows we were very close, and yet I am sure I don't seem to even care that Aragorn is dead. His face clearly shows his sadness at the loss of Aragorn. I just avoid his gaze, trying to rid my head of my thoughts. My thoughts that tell me it is my fault that Aragorn is dead. Thoughts that spoke to me in little whispers saying I am a murderer…Thoughts telling me I am weak; a failure. I jump lightly atop my horse and realize my hands are still shaking as I caress his neck and whisper to him softly in my tongue. I just hope my hands are the only thing shaking, for I can hide that from Gimli. What is left of us take leave for Helms Deep, and Arod follows the rest of the group. I do not bother to lead him, for he knows where to go, and he can sense my deep uneasiness. His movements are not nearly as graceful as they normally would be in his gait, and as I touch him again, a shudder passes through him. A second later the shudder seems to transfer to me as it passes through my body and I can do nothing to stop it. I feel Gimli's hand upon my shoulder and he says gruffly to me, "Lad?" I turn to him with a humorless smile, just thinking about the irony that he would call me lad when I know I am many millennia older than him. His face shows he is concerned so I quickly reply, "I am fine, Gimli. You need not worry." I hate how weak and pathetic my voice sounds. The words come out mechanically and I do not even think about what I am saying, for I knew what I would say before Gimli asked. Everything still seems to be a blur and my mind is still numb from shock and sorrow. We arrive at Helms Deep and I can see Lady Eowyn looking around us anxiously, searching for Aragorn. I would tell her, but I know if I speak again my voice would surely crack, for I am now only barely holding back the tears in my eyes. Yet I once again make my eyes devoid of any emotion and place my mask of indifference on again taking my place as the Elven Warrior. The perfect Elven Warrior who always happens to be around when you need him. Except, it seems, when my best friend needs me, and because of my failure…he is gone; forever. /Forever is a very long time…/ Gimli dismounts with some difficulty as Lady Eowyn asks where Aragorn is. In my mind I reply, 'He is dead. You'll never see him again. Do you wish to know who to thank? Thank me. Thank me: his best friend; his guardian angel. The one who swore upon his life to protect him. The perfect Elven Warrior. The one who was not there when his best friend needed him most. Me…' The thoughts continue to fester in my mind until I am sure I have not any doubt that it is my fault that Estel is dead now. I watch as Gimli steps up to her and she looks down, fear in her eyes. "My Lady," he says, and then stops as though he cannot continue. Eowyn stares at him, tears forming in her eyes, for she already knows what has come to be. "Lord Aragorn," she says slowly, softly, "Where is he?" She pronounces each word as though to make sure Gimli knows who she is speaking of. "He fell." The two words hit me like a cold, hard slap to my face and reverberate in my mind. 'He fell…he fell…he's dead. He's gone forever. Ai, Elbereth…' Eowyn turns to me as though she, too, knows it is my fault, before I realize that that was my own mind saying it was my fault. I look away from her gaze, afraid that she might see through me. Instead she turns to Théoden, who also turns his head away, not wanting to see her sorrow. I look to her just in time to see a tear fall softly down her fair face. Her golden hair sways in the slight breeze and her grey eyes seem to pierce my heart like the silver thorns of rose. I walk away, not wanting to see her hurt face and not wanting my resolve to break. Instead, I push my way through the crowds of women and children. Some were sobbing, and it was painfully obvious that one of their husband's or father's had died. I made my way through the clusters of people, trying not to hear the sobbing and trying to stop my own tears from falling. I felt like I couldn't breathe. Everywhere I turned there was either a person or a stone wall. I wished I could just free from all this endless suffering. Nightmares are nothing more than reality put in terms your mind wishes to comprehend... Dreams can break. Dreams are nothing more than the chance for Death's caress upon the oblivious... Finally I made my way to the top of the Deeping Wall and looked out upon the lands; breathing once more. Finally it seemed my tears took control over me and they seem to have broken that dam that I have built over the years. They pour silently down my face as my throat