The New Batch – Rating T Chapter 01 – Summer's Over, Time to go to School Summary – Albus Potter, Rose Weasley, Arthur Bones and Scorpious Malfoy won't be expecting their First Year at Hogwarts to end up being as hectic as it was! Pairings – Harry/Hermione/Susan, Molly/Arthur, George/Angelina, Neville/Hannah, Terry/Daphne, Dudley/Cho, Petunia/ Vernon, Teddy/Victorie, Albus/OC (hints of a Betrothal Contract), Scorpius/Lily (hints of a Betrothal Contract) Warnings – Contains mild swearing in this chapter -The New Batch- Number 12, Grimmauld Place, London, England 13 th August 2017 It was a nice mid and sunny day in the middle of August. A day where the birds were tweeting, children were running around the square that Grimmauld Place surrounded and the adults were relaxing on the parks benches. But for one child, sitting by the window of his bedroom at number 12, he was worried about waiting, waiting to start at his new school, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. It had been a month since Albus Severus Potter, the middle child of Harry Potter and his ex-wife, Ginny Weasley, had seen his brother, James Sirius Potter, and his half-sister, Amelia Hannah Bones, arrive back home from Hogwarts. Albus noticed that during their time at Hogwarts, James and Amelia had both changed a lot. James Potter, the eldest child of Harry Potter and his ex-wife Ginny Weasley, was no longer the quiet little boy that had previously kept himself to himself, but after two years of being a Gryffindor at Hogwarts, the divorce that his parents had undertook and several visits to the entertainment store that his father owned alongside his Uncle, George Weasley, called Weasley Wizard Wheezes, he was now a more mischievous man. This was compounded due to the fact that two of the people he was named after, James Potter and Sirius Black, were part of the infamous group called the Marauders. The Marauders were a group comprised of his grandfather, James Potter, his father's godfather, Sirius Black, former Defence Against the Dark Arts Professor, Remus Lupin, who was Teddy Lupins father, and the traitorous Peter Pettigrew. Together they were credited with creating a reign of mischief and mayhem that wasn't even countered by the Weasley Twins. James Sirius Potter, however, managed to equal his namesakes detention record, and even managed to steal the Marauders Map and the True Cloak of Invisibility from under the eyes of the Head of the Auror Department, although not knowing that the first map was a prototype, and that his father had the Marauders (Flower Upgrade) Map, which even had the Room of Requirement. His half sister, Amelia, who was the daughter of Harry and his consort Susan Bones, spent the last five years as a student in Hufflepuff house, following the footsteps of her maternal roots. One of the things she was well known in Hogwarts for was the cleverness she had, courtesy of her paternal grandmother, Lily Potter with the senses of loyalty, friendship and fair play, previously shown by her maternal great-aunt, who she shared her first name with. Most of her time at home was spent either in the family library, or talking to the portraits of her grandparent's, James & Lily Potter and Henry & Lucy Bones Being one of 5 sons of the Chosen One was stressful enough, having strange wizards approach the family just to talk to his father added to the stress, but most of all, he was scared of being put into Slytherin house, one fear that his brother played on. "You alright Albus?" Harry asked, walking into his bedroom. Harry had just got back home from working at the Ministry of Magic as the Head Auror. "Your mother said that you were tense at dinner" "I'm alright, it's just that James has been playing tricks on me again and is winding me up about being put in Slytherin house. I keep telling him not to wind me up, but he ignores me." "I will have words that brother of yours in a bit, especially after his performance at Hogwarts last year." Harry said, hugging his son. "James certainly takes after his namesake." "But Father, I'm scared about being put into the house of Slytherin" Albus said, hugging his father. "I don't want you to hate me if I did." "I'll never hate you Al, you are my son and I don't care if you get into any of the 4 houses at all." Harry replied, "Just remember that you were named after two headmasters of Hogwarts, one of which was a really brave Slytherin." "Really? Who was that?" Albus asked, feeling the warmth off Harry. "Professor Severus Snape was a Slytherin. He was Headmaster when Voldemort was in power in the Ministry." Harry said, looking into his sons emerald eyes. "I've never told any of you kids this, but Professor Snape loved one person, who when they died, he vowed he would protect her son." "Who was that person Father?" Albus asked, looking at his fathers sad face. "Professor Snape…he loved your grandmother Lily Evans. He told Voldemort that he wanted her spared, but he wanted your grandfather James and me not to be. Voldemort, however, killed your grandfather and grandmother, who, because of her love for me, made the curse backfire." "So Grandmother Lily died to protect you?" "She did. Anyway, I will admit, when I started at Hogwarts, I found out that the Sorting Hat, when I told it that I didn't want to go into Slytherin, took that into account. Now don't be scared if you do get put into Slytherin, they will have gained a really brave person." "Thanks Father" Albus said to Harry, happy that some of his fears had been resolved. Number 12, Grimmauld Place, London, England 1 st September 2017 The rest of August flew, faster than any of the Potters expected. Eventually the wind blew into September 1st and it was time to go to Kings Cross. All was quiet at Number 12, Grimmauld Place, all until a firework went off. Ginny and Ron Weasley had arrived to join the party going to the platform. "JAMES SIRIUS POTTER!" Ginny shouted, annoyed with his constant pranks. Her red hair stood out a mile away, meaning that most people could see her from a distance "I am going to have a word with Ronald about sending you goodies from that joke shop!" "But mother, it wasn't me, it was Teddy!" James said to his mother, lying to save face, "He sent them me!" "You know as well as me that it was your Uncle George. I swear that when I see him at Kings Cross I will give him a Bat Bogey Hex that will make him wish that he had never sent those Fireworks!" Ginny replied, knowing that James had lied, the telltale signs he had displayed quite easily. It took ages but after that argument the combined Potter and Bones family, along with the two Weasleys, collected their trunks, pets and cloaks and stood outside. When they got to the bottom of the steps into Grimmauld Place, Harry put out his right arm. A few seconds later the strangest sight for Lily and Albus speeded round the corner and screeched to a halt. The conductor came to the door, a face that the five adults recognised "Welcome to the Knight Bus, transport for the witch or wizard. I'm-" "Dean Thomas, my ex!" Ginny interrupted, a scowl forming on her face at the memories that she had. It was with Dean that caused Harry to find out about his ex wife's affairs. "I did not expect to see you on here!" "Hello Dean," Ron said to his friend, Gryffindor and fellow Dumbledores Army member. "It has been what, 19 years, since the battle of Hogwarts." "Certainly has been. Off to Kings Cross are we to send these two gentlemen off to Hogwarts?" Dean asked whilst everyone was boarding. Harry nodded in the affirmative and Dean tapped on the driver's window. "Off we go Ern," he said to the driver. The bus pulled away from Grimmauld Place, flying through the morning rush hour traffic. "How do the Muggles not know we are here?" Lily asked Dean, confused at not getting looked at by the pedestrians on the footpath. "They can't see or hear us" Dean confirmed to Lily, "That's why we are virtually invisible." He turned to Harry, "Don't worry about paying for this, Harry, it is on me!" Eventually they arrived at Kings Cross, shops leaping out of the way to allow the bus to the concourse where they alighted they ran through to Platform 9 and 10. They gave the man at the ticket barriers their tickets and headed to the correct wall. When they found it, they ran through to the wall between platform 9 ¾, Ginny and Lily first, then James and Rose, Hermione and Amelia next, Susan and Arthur as the forth pairing and finally Albus and Harry, bringing up the rear.. As they ran, Albus flinched, scared that they would hit the wall. Eventually they got through the wall and almost ran into somebody, somebody in a suit with blond hair. "Watch where you're going Scarhead!" the person said, a smile forming on the edge of his lips "You almost ran over my son!" "Calm down Draco," Astoria Malfoy said, "You promised to get along with Harry, didn't you? Especially as he assisted in stopping your father going to prison." "Astoria my dear, I know, but still I didn't want to encourage him!" Draco replied, "He is intolerable at the best of times, even though, I must admit, he is good looking." "That's very funny Ferret, and I guess this is young Scorpius I assume?" Harry asked, gesturing towards the young man who was the spitting image of his father. Suddenly they heard a toot from the whistle of the train, signalling that it was only a few minutes until departure. "Looks like you better get on board," both Harry and Draco told their sons at the same time. The two first years ran to the train door and boarded They got on the train, finding a window that they could wave out of. It was time to depart. The train pulled out of Platform 9 3/4 almost snakelike, huffing and puffing, slowly but surely, leaving the army of waving parents on the platform. But for Albus Potter, his school life was about to begin. Albus walked past a legion of busy compartments until he found one with his half sister Rose sitting with their half brother, Arthur and Scorpius Malfoy. "Mind if I join you Arthur, Rose?" Albus asked, looking out of the window. He turned to Scorpius, holding out his hand. "Hi, I'm Albus Potter. You've met my half sister, Rose Wea...I mean Potter, and my half brother, Arthur Bones." "Hello Albus. I kind of guessed Rose was related to you by the hair, but half sister? And how come you're related to the Bones scion?" Scorpious asked. "As you obviously guessed, I'll be the scion to the Malfoy name, if father dies before grandfather does. And I presume you're the scion to the Potter name." "No, my brother James will become Lord Potter upon my father's passing, with your cousin, my God brother, Teddy Lupin becoming Lord Black." Albus responded. "Rose is my half sister because we share the same father but my mother was Ginny Weasley whereas Rose's mother was Hermione Granger. Arthur's mother is my father's consort, via a Line Continuance Contract, hence he's a bones and Rose and I are Potters, albeit Rose's name is via Deed Poll." "Anyway, has anyone noticed the way father acted around Mr Malfoy?" Arthur asked "I haven't" Rose told Albus, "But there again Father and Mr Malfoy didn't see eye to eye, at least publicly. Behind the scenes they are allies. Mother, however, statically forgave him earlier." "The way I see it is why should we judge people