After The Battle – Rating M Chapter 01 – Post Battle Stress Summary – The Battle of Hogwarts may of ended, but for some the suffering may have just begun. As the participants are worn out, Harry , Ginny , Susan and rest of the DA, life may of changed, but surprises will out for several people. Pairings – Harry/Ginny/Susan, Ron/Hermione, Molly/Arthur, George/Angelina, Neville/Hannah, Terry/Daphne, Dudley/Cho, Petunia/Vernon Warnings – Contains mild violence and swearing in this chapter -After The Battle- Headmasters Office, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 02 May 1998 The result of battle ripped through the whole of Wizarding Britain like a dagger to a body. In all corners of the country, people were full of joy over the defeat of Lord Voldemort. Owls started flying from every corner of the country, letting the news flow freely. Fireworks were being set off as though it were Bonfire Night. At Hogwarts, the scenes of the final battle showed the scars which needed healing, healing that takes time. Having hunted Lord Voldemort's Horcruxes for nearly a year, it felt like an eternity for Harry, Ron and Hermione. The final part of the quest had kept them going for over 36 hours, wearing out all three, not just physically but mentally. For Harry, having took a Killing Curse, and surviving, having found out that a Horcrux was in his scar, a soul piece of Tom Riddle, the birth name of Lord Voldemort, made him completely and totally spent. That wand's more trouble than it's worth," said Harry. "And quite honestly," he turned away from the painted portraits, thinking now only of the four-poster bed lying waiting for him in Gryffindor Tower, and wondering whether Kreacher might bring him a sandwich there, "I've had enough trouble for a lifetime." He placed the wand his back pocket, alongside his own, making his way through the maze of corridors, heading with Ron and Hermione to Gryffindor Tower. They stopped once they saw the portrait of the Fat Lady. "I'm going to get Ginny." Hermione whispered in his ear. "I know you need her and I bet she's worried about you" "Thanks Hermione" came the reply. They looked upon the portrait of the Fat Lady who was smiling. "Thank you Mr Potter. Thank you." The portrait said, the others clapping their hands. She swung open, not even waiting for a password. "You've done this house an amazing service, all three of you." Harry took a few steps forward, collapsing into a chair by the fire, not awake enough to realise where he was. Order Safehouse, Kingswinford, United Kingdom 02 May 1998 Petunia Dursley was sitting at the counter of the table, eating her breakfast when she heard her son, Dudley, thunder down the stairs. To the locals of Kingswinford, the Dursley family were known as Frank and Rose Evans, postmaster and postmistress of a nearby villages Post Office. Most of the locals in the village got along with the new postmistress, however Vernon was not so hospitable, especially on pension day. But the Order thought it'd be best for them to start new. "Cho has just got back from wherever she was. She says it's all over. Harry did it." Dudley said, bursting into the room. "She said he died, but somehow didn't die." "THE FREAK SHOULD HAVE STAYED DEAD. IF, AND WHEN WE DO GET HOME, I WANT YOU AND THAT FREAK OF A GIRLFRIEND YOU HAVE TO STAY OUT OF MY HOUSE!" Vernon bellowed. "I'VE HAD IT WITH ALL THESE FREAKS GOING ROUND THINKING THEY OWN THE PLACE." "Fine you fat wanker, I'll find a place of my own. I'm sure Cho and I will be able to go somewhere." Dudley said, storming off to his room, and Cho. Long Term Ward, St Mungos Hospital, London, United Kingdom 02 May 1998 In the Long Term Spell Damage ward at St Mungos Hospital, two people, Frank and Alice Longbottom were laying on a bed, with a dishevelled older woman, Augusta Longbottom sitting beside them. "...massive battle, You-Know-Who is dead again. Lily and James's lad did it again." Augusta Longbottom said, smiling at her son and daughter. "Neville helped him by slashing You-Know-Who's snake with the Sword of Gryffindor. I'm so proud of my Great-Nephew and Grandson. If only my older brother, Fleamont, was alive to see his Grandson honour James and Lily's memories, he'd be over the moon." Alice suddenly stirred and opened her eyes to look at her husband. "Frank?" she asked. Frank straightened knowing that he hadn't heard that name come out of her mouth before. "Alice?" he said. Alice blinked at him seeing exactly who he was. "Good lord, what happened? Last thing I remember was a black light from Lestrange and now I'm here?" she asked. Augusta looked at her daughter-in-law. "Alice?" She said, thinking she must be dreaming. "That was November 1, 1981. It's 1998 now," Neville answered automatically. "Today is May 2 , 1998." "Your son and I are close to our Forties," Alice said doing the math in her head. Augusta nodded. "You're thirty-eight, and Frank is forty," Augusta answered. "Maybe I should go and get the Healer." "The Healer?" Alice asked. "Why?" "You've been at St Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies for the past 16 years," Augusta told her as she got up from her chair, walking towards the door. "That would make Neville seventeen years old, wouldn't it?" Alice asked her husband who nodded to her Gryffindor Tower, Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry 02 May 1998 Harry woke up with a start, finding himself in a chair by the fire. His mind terrorised by Tom Riddle. " People were dead, friends, people I respected. Its all my fault! I could have prevented this earlier ." Harry thought, " Ginny almost died. Fred was dead. Remus, Tonks, Colin. I should have prevented this !" Harry turned around, sensing someone was behind him. His eyes still groggy tried to focus on the face, but couldn't. All that he could see was red. He pulled his wand out instinctively. "Harry James Potter!" the person said, pulling Harry's glasses off the table, passing them to him. Harry put them on to find that the person was Ginny. He tried to stand up, failing, falling back into the chair. Ginny grabbed his arms and helped him up. "Harry James Potter!" she said, her hands still holding his arms, trying to support him, "Firstly, put that wand down! Secondly, never do that to me again! You are too damn noble, too noble for your own good at times. I needed you and you wasn't here!" "Ginny. First things first, I'm sorry." Harry said, trying his hardest not to fall backwards. He placed his wand in his pocket. "It's all my fault. Fred. Remus. Tonks. All my fault." "Harry, there's no need to be sorry about Fred, Remus, Tonks or anyone else." Ginny said, pulling him closer to her. "I'm just still in shock from when they said you were dead. I couldn't imagine my life without you!" "Ginny. When I heard you scream, I just wanted to run to you." Harry said, tears forming in his eyes. "I had to do it. In me was a piece of Riddle. I had to get that destroyed so I could destroy him. I had to let him murder me." "You mean...you mean you were dead?" Ginny asked, crying. She let go of Harry, making him fall back onto the chair. "You let him kill you, without telling me! You should have told me!" "Ginny. I wanted to tell you but I couldn't." Harry said, crying, trying to get back up. "You were comforting someone when I was by you, but you couldn't see me as I was under my cloak." "I knew I felt you pass me." Ginny said, helping him back up, pulling him towards her. "Why didn't you tell me then?" "I knew that if I did, then I would never be able to do it." Harry said, holding her tight for support. "I would have made it into the forest, and Riddle would have still been alive. Riddle needed to die, to do that meant I had to die. I couldn't let him get away with his…his evil…he needed to be stopped." "Yes, I would have stopped you," Ginny said, stroking his back, "And do you know why? It's because I love you Harry James Potter. I love you with all of my heart." Ginny sat Harry down, sitting in his knee. "Luna told me that she heard that you was at her house. Why is that?" "I had heard about a thing called the Elder Wand when I was in Riddles mind. He tortured Olivander, and unbeknown to Hermione and I, and eventually when Ron came back, Luna and Olivander had been snatched by Death Eaters, held hostage in the cellar of Malfoy Manor." Harry explained, "It turns out the three items in Beedle the Bard's story, The Three Brothers, is real. The cloak of Invisibility is mine, Dumbledore had acquired the Elder Wand from Gwindelwald when he duelled him, and there was a Resurrection Stone. "That git, however, tried to turn us into the Death Eaters because they had kidnapped Luna." Harry continued. "Anyway, at the time, I remarked to Ron and Hermione that I hoped you were at the Burrow, safe and sound." "I wasn't safe however." Ginny said, "The Slytherins and the Carrow twins saw to that." She stopped, moving closer to him so she could whisper to him. Suddenly the portrait opened and there stood Ron and Hermione. They stepped in to the common room. "So that's where you're hiding, you swine!" Ron shouted to Harry, grasping his wand tightly. "DON'T TOUCH MY FUCKING SISTER!" "Ron, I love Harry." Ginny said, standing up, helping Harry to stand at the same time, "Who you think-" "WHO DO I THINK I AM?" Ron interrupted, edging closer to Harry and Ginny, "HE SPLITS UP WITH YOU, MAKING YOU UPSET, THEN HE TOYS WITH YOUR EMOTIONS IN THE SUMMER. NEXT THING I SEE I COME IN TO FIND YOU TWO CANOODLING IN A CHAIR IN THE GRYFFINDOR COMMON ROOM!" "Ron, mate, listen to me. Ginny has been more help in the last five minutes than you were during the whole of September and October." Harry said, pulling his wand out of his pocket, "After the Ministry saga, you were as much use as one of Professor McGonagall's pin cushions." "That was you?" Ginny asked, turning to Harry and Hermione, laughing, "You were the ones who broke into the Ministry in September and made Umbridge upset? Neville owes me 10 Galleons!" "Yeah, we did that." Hermione said to Ginny, surprised at her making bets, "Afterwards Ronald was as useless as Harry described. He even decided to leave us as he was fed up that we were not doing as well as we hoped, even with some really Dark Magic affecting him. "Anyway Harry, Ginny, it's great to see you two are happy. When we were camping, Harry would take out the Marauders Map to see where in the school you were, hoping you were ok. He would even talk to it." Hermione said, smiling at the pair of them. "He was upset when we suddenly left the wedding, worried sick about how bad the Death Eaters would treat you." "You see Ron?" Ginny said, turning to her brother, "Unlike you, Harry cared about me. You, on the other hand, left Hermione and Harry, in a strop, as per usual, because you couldn't understand that patience was needed." "SHUT UP GINNY! I WILL NOT HAVE THAT…THAT GIT TOUCH YOU AGAIN," Ron shouted, pushing Ginny away from Harry. Harry fell back into the chair, his body still weak from the battle. "HE MAY HAVE SAVED THE WIZARDING WORLD BUT DON'T FORGET HE HAD WORMED HIS WAY INTO YOUR HEART AND BROKEN IT ONCE." "Ron. You're tired. Hermione is worn out." Ginny