Albus Potter and the Sequel By Chad Copenhagen You've been frogging waiting long enough for this. The award winning* Short Story Albus Potter and the Stoner Election, which is in perfect canon with JK Rowling's Harry Potter Franchise has the best frogging sequel the world has ever known. This is frogging it, cheese curds. *Not actually award winning Plz read the original this one picks up right where it left off. PREQUEL TITLE: ALBUS POTTER AND THE STONER ELECTION Chapter One: Pickin up right where we left off "Get shot frogboi" Mark Anderson yells as the cold lifeless desecrated body falls to the AstroTurf carpeting below. Robert Saggit was as dead as the dickens. But then he got better. Robert Saggit hops up off the AstroTurf carpeting and opens his mouth and blood of an undetermined species falls out. He is wheezing like a broken radiator, Between breaths Saggit mutters out "Get…...him". The firing squad of babies quickly jump up onto their hover boards and drag Mark Anderson to the dungeon. Thus endeth the intro. "So after that beautifully demonstrated political demonstration, myself's got some frogging big news for y'all." Saggit said rambling on while the rest of Hogwarts has a look of a cow who doesn't know where it's milk comes from—udder confusement—. After thinking of that Bomb-Azz cow pun Robert Saggit continued talking. "So besides Mark Anderson, no Hogwarts related thing has killed more people than the TriWizard Tournament." *students murmur amongst themselves like they tend to do sometimes* "BUT THATS ABOUT TO CHANGE…WHEN I INTRODUCE. THE QUADWIZARD QOMPETITION" Robert Saggit said screaming at the top of his lungs and now his voice sounded like an odd-toed ungulate mammal belonging to the taxonomic family Equidae—. Horse—. After thinking of his second farm animal pun he began to speak in a normal proper British accent. "Now all of ye chaps and blokes and frogging dodgy fudgerudders are surely all wanting to ask me these questions like "WhAt is the QUADWIZARD QOMPETITION?" "Why are you spelling Competition with a Q?" "Why does a man with your handsome looks need to bow down to the oppressive overlords of society by wearing pants.?". Robert Saggit raised his voice again, but not to the point of Caps Lock. "Well, I'll answer these questions with a statement issued by the Council of Armed Babies." QUADWIZARD QOMPETITION STATEMENT. It's spelt like that because it's alliterative. —Suck it, The Council "Due to complications with the goblet of fire, meaning some idiot had to try to make sweet passionate love to the thing and burnt their genitals off, I'm not naming names but it was definitely that guy with the burnt genitals., *crowd stares at Professor Burnt Genitals* "I, Robert Saggit will select the four Qhampions myself. With help from the Council of Armed Babies of course. Hogwarts will have two ONE TRUE QHAMPIONS™, as is tradition. However starting in 2018 Hogwarts will have two divisions and a Qonference Qhampionship Game to decide the ONE TRUE QHAMPION of the Qonference unless we decide to expand. Drink. Other wizarding schools will have Two Champions that they select together. The British school gets 2 One True QHAMPIONS, while the rest of the world gets two representatives. Because of some Eurocentric ballshark. But I'm not here to discuss European Politics, I'm here to get you hyped up for the QUADWIZARD QOMPETITION, and in case your wondering if this follows the same formula as the last novel: Spoiler Alert—. It does—. YayyaayayauauasatyasyaAdyaa." Meanwhile, in the crowd the #SQUaD was having some lively chat. "And that's how I made my very own homemade butterscotch." Said The Diggs. Albus Potter then arrived at the scene. "Just got back from Town." Said Albus, who just took a trip to town to sell a rare and important piece of artwork. "I talked to my client and he gave my information that states that we have to talk about the QUADWIZARD QOMPETITION or else we have to pay stipends for that lovestricken deadbeat cousin we all have who lives in New York." "What's a cousin?" Inquired The Diggs. "My Father's relation to my Mother." Said Poo-Poo. "White Peoples." Said U-Turn. "Indeed." Said Qwub. "Should I enter the QOMPETITION I'mean im the frogging only son of 'Arry Potter, the most famous wizard to ever live, so legitimately everyone will be expecting me to." Said Albus. "Wait a doggy chasing darn monkey minute." Stammered Poo-Poo. "You's just said you's was 'iz onlay son, but whaddabout James.?" "James identifies as a puffer fish." Said Albus. "I can dig it." Said Athanasius Butler, the stoner Brit. "Don't do it bro." Said U-Turn. "I need my wingman to live at least until I graduate. You're so ugly that you make me look better in comparison, even tho I am a fly mummafunka IRL, with you by my side I'm the flyest mummafunka to ever step foot on Yeezus' Green Earth." "Alrighty then, I guess that's settled." Said Albus. "Albus, step into my office." Said Sylvester P. Cornwallis. "Aighty then, best be leavin now." Said Albus. Sylvester P. Cornwallis was in his office with Hogwarts Headmaster Robert Saggit and High Ranking School Official Y.Y. Tambro. "So, Albus, you've got to enter the QUADWIZARD QOMPETITION, it is your fate, believe me it is your destiny." Said Sylvester Cornwallis. "But I ain't wanna do it." Said Albus. "Lookie here kiddo, think of it as a storyline, heck THE Storyline, heck again the Storyline of the century, the only son of the most infamous Qompetetior ever in the history of the gobdarn thang, 'Arry Potter himself, giving it the old college try. I mean, come on kiddo you'd be the toast of the whole gobdarn town. You'd have women throwing themselves at you, and I ain't talking about average women, I'm talking about the women you only find on Robert Saggit's internet history. I'm getting all giddy in my pants just thanking about it, so whaddabout it big boy, wanna do it for Good OL' Y.Y. Tambro." "No." Responded Albus. "Now kid you'd have a chance at winning this whole QOMPETITION, now I'm not saying that you have good genes, but I am saying that if you were a racehorse, people would pay a fortune for your Sperm." Said Robert Saggit. "And, as a man who has spent oodles of money on horse semen, I can tell you you'd be getting a good deal, buckaroo." Said Sylvester Cornwallis. "While the talk of animal semen is quite unfascinating, I just don't want to do it." Said Albus. "I understand." Said Robert Saggit. "Which, is why I leave you with a choice between two scenarios, Scenario Nombre Uno, you enter the tournament and win the frogging thing and become the most important thing in recent history, or Scenario Numerocal Dos, i announce the councils selection of the champions, but then outta absolutely frogging nowhere, your name replaces an unfortunate Hogwarts individual. You're doing it, kiddo whether you wanna or not, this sponsorship money is too good not to crave, buckaroo, so which one is it going to be, Scenario 1 or 2." "Why can't Lily do it." Inquired Albus. "Because Albus, we're misogynists." Said Cornwallis. "Let's go with scenario number one. If and only if I can quit whenever I want to, and still get a fraction of the prize money." "Fine, as long as you complete one task." Said Robert Saggit. "Deal." Said Albus. Chapter Two: The Qouncil has Spoken. Robert Saggit emerged from his coveted office space and walk up onto the Great Podium. "Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, and people who identify as some other species because that's a thing now for some reason." James Potter stood up in the crowd. "Hey, You , Mr. Saggit, Robert, Bobby, The Headmaster, The Head of Gryffindor house, the guy without pants on" "HWAT is it Mr. Potter." Interrupted Robert Saggit. "Don't talk to me like that ever again #TetraodontidaeLivesMatter." said James Potter. "Ok, but I'll talk to everyone else like that OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHH, loophole in your face BEEYOTHCH!" Said Robert Saggit. He continued to talk after the thunderous applause from his sick-AZZ burn. "Anyhoobastank, I have had meetings with the QUADWIZARD QOMPETITION QOUNCIL and we have decided the Qompetetiors for this years QOMPETITION. (Applause reigns) First, I will introduce the Qouncil memberS, who will also be serving as judges for this great event."(even more applause) Ladies and gentlemen give it up for Hogwarts' very own Sylvester P. Cornwallis and Y.Y. Tambro, yeah, next up we have retired and fired Hogwarts Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Goldtooth Monroe, next we have American Rapper Person, Lil' Chano from 79th, give it up for Chance the Rapper." Oh yeah, we have a treat for y'all here, put your hands together for British Prime Minister David Cameron! (David Cameron walks up to the stage) "Mr. Cameron, your pants smell like pork any reason for that." "Nnnnnoooo." Stammered David Cameron. "Well alrighty then." Said Robert Saggit, "Now it is time for the lighting round. We have Big XII Conference Commissioner Bob Bowlsby, Washington Wizards Point Guard John Wall, The Female version of Robert Saggit, 'Arry Potter's wife Ginny Weasley, Daily Prophet reporter Shirley Dankey, a Bible Belt Christian Mom, Former Wipeout Contestant Danger Dan and the Council of Armed Babies gets one vote along with the heads of the two other schools." "Speaking of the other schools let's find out their Qompetetiors, hailing from the United States of America, the USA Wizarding Acadmey! Not Ilvermorny, because that name sucks donkey butter. "Robert Saggit said as the students entered the great great hall And prepared for their presentation. These American students' presentation was the greatest gobdarn thing that all the Hogwarts students had ever witnessed in their entire lives. The Freedom and Democracy and Sheer Epicness of them was far too amazing for their feeble British minds. Tears came into their eyes as they found out what they lost in the war. The Song "America f**k yeah' was playing as fireworks and Big Macs rained through the great hall. Robert Saggit rose up and spoke "And the head of this great academy is a beautiful man and his name is JOOHHHHHN CEEEENNAA. The song "My Time Is Now" is playing as John Cena enters the great hall. John Cena grabbed the mic and began to speak "First of all, are John Cena memes still funny, no, they aren't, well that's a gobdarn shame, anyways with out further adooo-OooO-o. The USA Wizarding Academy's Nominee is none other than KANYE WEST!" *I Am A God booms throughout the Great Hall* Kanye West came out riding on an ultralight beam of energy as 7 bears were released, each one representing his solo studio albums as he walked closer to the podium the presentation grew more and more epic and indescribably so. Yeezus himself stepped up on to the podium and spoke. "I'm in it to be Champion, not to be Famous or have Power, or have all of the flashing lights shine on me as I go for the glory. I'm Bound 2 win this competition for America. If you say you will have a chance to beat me you're lying. I'm just working my song titles into my Intro speech I really didn't have anything planned. Well Hold My Liquor because I'm gonna Get 'Em High. Two Words: Yeezy Season." *drops microphone.* "Well that sure was something wasn't it folks, anyways our next wizarding school hails from Greece. Unfortunately due to budget cuts in the Greek Wizarding school system, their Headmistress Athena, couldn't serve anymore, so here is their backup plan give it up for this Gyro Vendor we found on the street!" Robert Saggit announced. The Gyro Vendor walked on stage. "It is my honor to announce that Greek Wizarding School Qompetetior will be Hetherpethermanderson III Esq. or HethPeth for short. Thanks you." HethPeth walks on to the podium. He is literally standing in the podium. He grabbed a mic and spoke.