Okay guys, this is my rewritten chapters… well, thoroughly improved and newly developed chapters :) hopefully, it's better than the former ones :( :) Anyways, I made some changes with my story so hopefully, it fits your tastes :D I don't know if Westover Hall has uniforms and stuff but this is my fanfiction anyways so… hihi :D Enjoy! Disclaimer: Rick Riordan owns thy series ;) xXx ONE xXx Three New 'Students' xXx RIIIIING! "GAH!" Thump. "Ow," I grumbled as I stood up, muttering profanities and rubbing my butt. Stupid alarm clock! I grabbed the shrilly ringing alarm clock, smashing it on the wooden desk and making the annoying ringing stop. I looked at my alarm clock, spotting a crack on the glass of the clock. I set it down, walking to my bathroom. I stripped off my clothes, hopping into the shower. I sighed as the hot water warmed every part of my cold body. It was a good thing that the heater's turned on this December since it's going to be quite chilly. I've always loved taking showers or swimming. It's been a habit of mine ever since I was a little girl. Water always calms my nerves down. When someone pisses me off, I would run to the changing rooms by the pool to change into my school swimsuit, then I'd immediately dive into the cool water. After fifteen minutes, I got out of the shower with steam roaming about in the bathroom. I wrapped my towel around my body, slowly walking to the mirror to make sure I won't slip. I wiped the moist mirror to get a clearer reflection of my face. I turned the faucet on, splashing lukewarm water on my face. Grabbing my facial cleanser, I squeezed a pea sized amount on my fingertips and applied it on my face with circular motions. After one minute, I turned the faucet on, making sure that the water is cooler to close my pores. As I cleared my face of my cleanser, I wiped my face with my facial flannel and walked out of the bathroom. I walked to my closet, grabbing my Westover Hall uniform and placing it on my bed as I dried my body. My uniform consists of the colors black, grey, white and blue. The blouse is white and long sleeved, with the collar feeling like a choker on my neck while the tie accompanying the uniform was blue. The blazer is a charcoal grey color, with metallic colored military buttons and a left breast pocket, Westover Hall's school emblem sewed on it. The slacks are a charcoal grey color as well. We're required to wear black socks and black school shoes. My blazer ends at the tip of my wrist, keeping me warm. Westover Hall is a military school, but I go home every weekend thanks to Castor. He told Ms. Gottschalk that I have a few health and comfort problems and he wanted to assist me with it, when in reality, he just wants my company at home. I slipped on my school shoes and grabbed my worn out messenger bag, making sure that all of my books are inside. I walked to my vanity mirror, brushing my straight, mid-back black hair. I expertly French-braided the back of my hair, keeping my hair away from my face—except for my side bangs, which I kept down—making sure that my shorter locks framed my face nicely. My hands suddenly made its way to my face, feeling that my glasses weren't perched on the bridge of my nose. I took my big, square frames and settled it on my face. I always loved my big frames, even if it does make me look quite the nerdy and quiet girl I am in school. They make my surroundings clearer and it hides my face so no one would notice me in school, though I know I have dyslexia so it's quite useless with reading. I'd rather be unnoticed than be bullied in school anyway. Though, I have one friend and his name's Grover Underwood. Odd kid, but he's kind nonetheless. I grabbed my long and cozy sea green cloth, bundling it and wrapping it around my neck to keep me warm, the cloth that was my last memory of my biological parents. You see, I was found by my guardian, Castor Johnson, on his doorstep—at least, that's what he says. Whenever I asked, his eyes become guarded and nervous all of a sudden, and he stiffly tells me that he merely found me on his doorstep. But I feel like there's more to that story, but I never said a word. The least I can do for Castor is to be a good girl and not to cause any trouble for him. He's been so kind and generous to me, and the last thing I want to do is to complicate his life because of my misbehaviors. And besides, he has trouble walking so he has to limp with crutches all day, and he covers his head with a cap all the time because according to him, he has "hair fall problems". As I went down to the kitchen, Castor wasn't around. "Hmm, must've went to work early," I muttered, walking to the counter. A post-it on the table caught my attention. I peeled it off from the table and read the note. Calla, your lunch is in the brown paper bag. It's your favorite sandwich :) Don't forget to wear a coat and ski cap, and be careful while riding your bike! -Castor P.S.: you have a tumbler of hot chocolate beside the paper bag! It'll keep you warm in school. Also, your bike has mud guards already :)) I smiled as I read the note, imagining Castor saying these words to me in person while he makes himself a steaming mug of coffee. I chuckled to myself, slipping the note inside my blazer pocket and keeping my brown paper bag of lunch and my warm tumbler inside my messenger bag. I walked to the living area, spotting the coat and ski cap on the couch. The coat Castor got from my closet was the black one he gave me last Christmas season. It had six black buttons sewed in three rows, two of them positioned across the other. The collar covered my neck like a long sleeved turtleneck. The skirt of the coat was pleated and it ended above my knees. The ski cap was the one he knitted for me last month. It was a plain grey one and it was my favorite cap. I then walked outside, the harsh, chilly wind making me shiver. I got my bike and unchained it, peddling to Westover High. It was quite dark outside, but it wasn't that dark to make me not notice my surroundings. I exhaled, my breath forming a cloud. I looked around, greeting some elderlies that I always pass by every time I go to school. "Good Morning, Mrs. Higginbotham!" I called out. The old woman smiled and waved, her gray curls bouncing from the blowing wind. Mrs. Higginbotham was an old woman that I met in the grocery store. She helped me get ingredients for a chicken soup when Castor was struck with fever. Since then, we became friends and she kept sharing some recipes to me, most of them I failed to cook right. "Good Morning! My, my, I almost mistook you for Rudolph the red-nose reindeer because of your red nose!" she teased. I giggled, pinching my nose. "Well, it's quite cold so my nose couldn't take it, I guess," I replied. Mrs. Higginbotham smiled. "Alright then sweetie, off you go, you don't want to be late, do you?" she laughed, shooing me away. I smiled and waved as I peddled away. "Bye Mrs. Higginbotham!" I called out. I heard a distant "goodbye!" from her as I peddled to school. I'm not sure why, but I felt like I forgot something regarding school. As I thought to myself about this, I heard a screech by the background. Everything suddenly became slow at the moment. A car was running towards me, and I saw the driver looking at me with a panicked expression. The driver slammed the brakes and the car slowed, but I turned my bicycle to the right and clashed with a tree nearby, but not before hopping out of my bicycle. I landed on the ground, the thin layer of snow not cushioning my fall even for a bit. "Ow," I groaned, rubbing my capped head. The driver went out of the vehicle and scurried to me. "Oh my God, are you alright? Did you hit your head?" the driver—whom I realized was a woman—panicked. I shook my head slightly. The woman sighed in relief. I took this chance to observe her better. She was tall, standing at around five feet and nine inches, about five inches taller than me. She's very pretty, gifted with a warm smile, long, straight, brown hair and mesmerizing sparkling blue orbs. Despite the few gray strands, she doesn't look old at all. As she realized I was fine, she smiled at me, revealing her smile lines. "Do you need a ride? I suppose it's the least I can do for you after almost hurting you," she told me. Castor told me not to talk to strangers, but something within myself is telling me to trust her. "If it's not a bother, then I'd like a ride, please," I told her politely. She helped me with my bicycle, placing it at the back of her car. "Where are you going…?" "Callista, Callista Jackson ma'am. What about you?" I introduced myself. Castor didn't bother to change the surname given to me. When I asked him how he knew my last name, he told me that he saw it scribbled on a piece of paper that was tucked inside the basket I was in. Callista Jade Jackson, it said there, according to Castor. The woman's eyes looked shocked and clouded for a second, before reverting back to a smile. "Sally Jackson," she said. I expressed surprise when I realized we had the same surnames. "What a coincidence, we have the same surname," I pointed out. She chuckled and nodded, seemingly looking distracted for a bit before focusing on the road again. "Anyway, where are you going, Callista?" she asked softly. "Westover Hall, my school," I said. She nodded. "I know where that is, it's near here," she said and sped away. A few minutes later, we arrived at my school. My first impression of my school was a castle of an evil dragon who captured a princess, but that was all in the past. Its weird and dark appearance doesn't bother me anymore, considering that I am used to how it looks already. "Thank you Sally," I said, hopping out of her car and taking my bicycle to chain. She flashed me a somewhat sad smile before speeding away with clouded eyes. xXx I opened the oak doors of my school, revealing a huge hallway with walls lined with battle flags and weapon displays such as antique rifles, battle axes and etcetera. As my shoes clicked slightly on the smooth, marble floor, I heard a soft scurrying of feet. My eyes shot forward as I saw three unfamiliar teenagers, two girls and one boy. "Hey," I called out. The three froze and turned to me. I raised an eyebrow at them and walked towards the three strangers. Now that I was nearer, I was able to get a clearer and closer look of them. The first girl was extremely pretty, with shoulder-length, spiky, black hair and electric blue eyes, and cute freckles splattered across her nose. The second girl was also pretty, with golden blonde, princess-like curls, and intense grey eyes. Her natural-looking tan completed her prettiness. The last one was a boy, with jet black hair and bright, sea green