Author's Note Just a little housekeeping: -This takes place in "The Lightning Thief". -This story is Apollo/OC. The gods aren't as big of jerks as they are in the books, Ares isn't a bad guy (the lightning bolt is in a shield given to Percy by Luke like in the movie), and Percy and his friends are sixteen not twelve. -I'm not really sure how you pronounce Graecus but I imagine it to be (Grace-see-us). -Anything italicized is taken directly from the book. As always I own nothing involving Percy Jackson and I do not receive any money from this story. Chapter 1 My story begins in an old rundown orphanage in the middle of New York City. A young woman, no more than 23, pregnant and alone showed up for a job. Mrs. Cope, the owner, took pity on the blonde haired beauty and allowed her to work as a maid and live in one of the rooms reserved for workers. The woman, Elizabeth, never talked about the man who got her pregnant nor did she ever mention what brought her to the old orphanage and Mrs. Cope didn't really care enough to ask. Seven months after Elizabeth arrived at the orphanage, in the room that she had been given the night she came, she gave birth to a little baby girl with a tuft of blonde hair and startlingly gray eyes. As the exhausted, sweaty mother held her new baby for the first time she whispered three words, "Graecus Elizabeth Williams." She reached behind her neck and unclipped a golden locket and placed it around the baby's head gently. The new mother smiled at her baby one last time before her eyes started to close and her breathing slowed down. That night Elizabeth Williams, my mother, died. I was left in the care of Mrs. Cope and forced to join the other orphans at "Mrs. Cope's House for Children". And when I turned ten I ran away. I stole a backpack from one of the many tourist traps around New York and packed three shirts, two pairs of jeans, and some chips. I waited till it was dark and everyone was asleep before I snuck downstairs to Mrs. Cope's office. I stole two hundred dollars from her stash, made sure I had my locket with the picture of my mother that I had had since I was a baby, and headed out the backdoor. I met up with a group of kids living in an abandoned warehouse when I was eleven. They took me in, gave me a place to call home even if it was a rundown little building where you were likely to see rats and other nasty creatures. They taught me everything I needed to know about living on the streets and when I was thirteen they helped me find little jobs to do here and there so I would have some money. I walked dogs, sold newspapers, and even picked up trash on the side of the road. When I was sixteen I decided I wanted to see the world a little. I figured I was old enough now that people wouldn't ask where my parents were and I could go unnoticed in crowds. I set out with two hundred dollars, two sets of clothes, and a knife a guy named James gave me when I was twelve. I decided to take the Amtrak train to Denver. I had always wanted to go somewhere other than New York and for some reason Denver seemed perfect. I had to spend all of my money on the ticket but I figured I could find a way to get money in Denver. About halfway through the journey I was walking to the bathroom when I bumped into a boy around my age that had seemed to be pacing. "I'm sorry! I wasn't looking where I was going." The boy apologized. He was probably around sixteen with black hair and sea green eyes. He looked exhausted. His clothes were filthy and he had cuts all over his arms. To be honest he looked like a homeless kid, like me. "It's ok. It was my fault. I wasn't paying attention." "I'm Percy." He gave me a little smile and held his hand out for me to shake. I returned the gesture and replied, "Grace." He was about to speak when a boy that looked our age came hobbling down the hall calling, "Percy!" and I say hobbling because the guy had some kind of limp. He looked just as bad as Percy, his clothes were dirty, his hair was matted, and the closer he got the stronger the smell of barn became. He paused when he saw me and looked kind of like he was sniffing the air. His eyes got big and he began to run faster. He slowed when he was a few feet from us and Percy stepped back from me a little. "What's wrong Grover?" he asked wearily and I noticed he had his hand in his pocket as if he was clutching something in it. "Her smell is just as strong as yours, maybe even stronger. She's a demigod." I'm assuming he was meaning to whisper but I still heard every word he said and I was a tad bit offended. I may not have had a shower in a few days but I had washed off as best I could in the train station bathroom and I knew I didn't smell bad enough that this Grover dude could smell me. And a demigod? What in the world is a demigod? Percy was looking at me with a new kind of warmth and I began to think that maybe I should leave these two wackos alone and continue on my way to the bathroom. I was about to excuse myself before a girl suddenly appeared behind the two boys. And by appear I mean literally materialized out of thin air. The girl, who was just as big a mess as the two boys, pushed her way in between Percy and Grover and wrapped a hand around my arm. She began to pull me down the hallway to a compartment at the very front of the train muttering something to the boys like, "We can't leave her alone." It didn't occur to me to protest until we made it inside the compartment and Grover had locked the door. The girl smiled at me reassuringly when she saw my eyes flickering nervously between the three of them. My mind began running through possible escape options. I'm a good fighter, I had good reflexes but I didn't think I could take all three of them at the same time with just my hands and a little knife. "It's ok. We're friends not enemies. We're like you." The girl said calmly. "Like me?" I asked. They all looked at each other confused and Percy spoke up, "Demigods. Well me and Annabeth are. Grover is a satyr." "Okay, you guys are crazy." I sated bravely. "Wait. You mean you didn't know?" Grover asked incredulously. "What are you talking about? What didn't I know?" I should be running away from these crazy people but for some reason I didn't think they were a threat. A little voice in my head told me they wouldn't hurt me. "You're a demigod." Annabeth began. They then told me all about the Olympian gods being real, about Camp Half-blood, the quest that they were given, the fight with Medusa, who their parents were, everything. By the end of their tale I was skeptical. A part of me knew it was true but the other part, the mortal part, couldn't believe something like this existed. Grover must have sensed my apprehension because he began to take off his shoes but instead of feet he had hooves. My eyes got really big and the part of me that didn't believe began to vanish. When I looked out of the window and saw what I guessed were centaurs galloping in a field my mortal part vanished completely and I believed them wholeheartedly. "I believe you." It was quiet for a beat before I asked, "Do you know who my dad is?" Annabeth answered with a question of her own, "Are you sure your parent is a male god?" I nodded and showed her the picture of my mother. "She died giving birth to me. She worked at an orphanage so I stayed there till I was ten." I didn't want to talk about living on the streets, for some reason I didn't want these three to know that I was homeless and they seemed to know that I wasn't going to continue and didn't ask. After a quick discussion it was decided that I would go with them until we could all safely return to Camp Half-Blood. "You'll need a weapon." Annabeth said. "Let's contact Chiron and ask him to send us one using Hermes the messenger god. I'm assuming you can't use a sword." She looked at me for confirmation. "Um, not a sword. But I know how to use a knife." I pulled out my knife that James gave to me. It glittered in the light and Annabeth paused. "Can I see that?" I passed it over to her and she turned it around and inspected it closely. "This was made by Hephaestus himself. I recognize the signature. It's designed to kill a monster as soon as it touches them. Where did you get this?" "A boy named James gave it to me when I was twelve. He showed up at the place I was staying, stayed with us for a couple of nights, and when he left he gave me the knife." I shrugged. At the time I was a little confused as to why the strange boy had given me, a twelve year old, a very sharp and obviously expensive knife but before I could protest James had left. "James? Isn't there a guy named James in Ares' cabin?" She looked to Grover for the answer and when he nodded she turned to me, "What did he look like?" "Um… He had short black hair and dark eyes. He was really built like he worked out a lot." "That's definitely James Copper. Did he say anything, when he gave you the knife?" I of course knew the answer immediately. I often replayed his words over and over again in my mind at night when everyone was asleep. He probably hadn't meant to, but his words gave me hope that there was someone out there that loved me. "He told me to look after myself. He told me to stay alive because there were people that cared about me and that someday I would find a family." "He knew who you were. He knew you were a demigod. Why would he not tell Chiron about you? Why didn't he send a satyr to watch over you?" I got the feeling she wasn't asking me, more like she was trying to work it out in her head. It was quiet in the compartment for a while. Each of us lost in our own thoughts. My head was hurting from all the new information it had to process. I felt like my entire world had been ripped out from under me and I was left feeling more alone than I had in my entire life. My father was alive. He was a god . He must have known about me, so obviously he didn't want me. The hurt that came with this revelation suddenly turned to anger, if he didn't want me than I didn't want him. I spent my entire life without a father and I did fine by myself so why would I need him now? Percy must have realized where my thoughts were because he placed a comforting hand on arm and when I looked up he gave me a sad understanding smile.