A/N Hi, I'm not really much of a writer but my imagination gets pretty carried away. I thought I'd post this, let me know what you think. I need all the feedback I can get. Disclaimer: I don't own Harry Potter The Gryffindor common room was alive since the party being held in it was in full swing. It was the first night back to school but the famous Marauders decided to kick the year off with a party and no one was complaining. Sirius and James were both chugging their Firewhiskey as fast as they could while a mob of students around them were cheering. Peter was among the group cheering and happily sipping on his own drink with the occasional hiccup. Remus, being the more sensible of the group, decided not to get a hangover for the first day of classes and was off to the side talking to Frank, a seventh year. The rest of the sixth year girls were spread out throughout the party. Marlene was making out with Logan Bell over by the fireplace, she too was a little intoxicated. Mary was out dancing with some seventh year while Alice, a seventh year prefect, and Lily were sitting on the couches off to the side of the dance floor. The girls had persuaded Lily to drink a little, but she was worried about starting the year off doing something stupid. Alice, being the mother hen that she is, was on duty to watching her as she spouted out all the things James was doing that pissed her off. "I mean look at him! He's barely getting anything in his mouth!" Lily cried and fell over slightly on her seat and Alice sighed dejectedly looking out at all the people having fun while she was bored and sober. But then Alice spotted a pretty raven haired girl making her way out of the crowd and towards them. Her bright eyes alight with amusement as she watched the two girls on the couch. She had a thin button nose and a heart shaped face, her full lips pursed in a small smile. Before the girl could say anything Alice gave her a bright smile and then hurried off towards Remus and Frank to whisk her boyfriend away for a dance. "Hey there Lil." The girl greeted and Lily lazily looked up at her, her fiery red hair falling over her face. She squinted her bright emerald eyes up at the girl before a smile broke across her face when she recognized her. Her oval shaped face hidden behind her long soft locks of hair. "Bella!" Lily said happily and launched at the girl and wrapping her arms around her in a loose hug. Merabella grunted as she holds onto Lily while attempted to keep her from falling to the floor. Slowly, she manages to sit them both back down onto the couch and let out a long breath. Lily was taller than Merabella, being the tallest of the 6th year Gryffindor girls, so she easily overpowered the raven haired girl. "You think Potter's a toe-rag too, right?" She slurred but wasn't really looking for an answer from her friend. Bella smiled fondly as if Lily was a small child babbling away to themselves. "Of course Lils." But before Lily could complain about Potter once again, the devil himself showed up. He stood before the pair of girls slouched over with his glasses sliding down his thin sharp nose. "Heeellluu, my precious Lily-Flower." James slurred flopping down on the other side of Lily and slumped his arm around her shoulders. Merabella snorted at this new drunken nickname while Lily grunted and knocked his arm off of her before staggering herself into a standing position. Her willowy frame swayed from side to side and Bella quickly stood up when Lily almost fell right back onto the couch. Gently Bella steadied her friend and found a comfortable place for Lily to lean on her. "Potter! You insufferable…" Lily started with her usual insults and repeated all she had to say about him throughout the night. Bella tuned her out and gently let go of her after making sure Lily could once again stand on her own. She felt a warm body press up next to her and soft air brush against her ear as the figure let out a breathy chuckle. "When will she just give in and shag the poor boy?" Bella looked up to see none other than James Potter's best friend and partner in crime. He appeared buzzed but not quite as bad as Lily or James. His handsome face was a few mere inches from her own. She could see the mischief in his slightly clouded grey eyes. His aristocratic features and sharp, strong jaw casting slight shadows over his face that highlight his natural good looks. "I don't know. I won't deny she definitely had feelings for him last year. But after the thing with Snape…" She trailed off and Sirius scrunched his brows up in confusion and pulled his head back slightly. "Aw she's still pissed about that. I'd say we did her a favor and got rid of that slimy grease ball from her life." "I wouldn't exactly call bullying her childhood friend and then having him call her that word a favor." She said turning away from him and looked back over towards her friend and James. The redhead had moved to stand right in front of James on the couch and was still ranting and raving while James sat there while looking at her like she's an angel. With some of the words coming out of her mouth, Bella can guarantee she's not one. "And I don't think she would either." Bella added. Lily's anger continued to grow as she yelled at the bespectacled boy. Sirius frowned but then a smirked graced his lips and wrapped his arm around her waist pulling her closer to him. In her surprise Bella fell into him and laid her delicate hand on his hard chest. "Let's forget about them. How about this be the year you finally give into those temptations and we snog?" He asks her leaning in closer and her heart flutters a bit. Now, don't get her wrong, she doesn't fancy Sirius Black, but he's begrudgingly handsome and sexy, especially this close. Bella just smirks at him as she steadies herself and eases out of his grip. She flicks her hair back since it fell over her face and turns to watch Lily and James again. By now James has fallen asleep and it looks like Lily's about ready to crash as well. "Sorry lover boy, not this year." She says as she steps farther away from him to retrieve her friend. "We'll see!" She hears him call as she and Lily makes her way towards the stairs leading up to their dorm, but she doesn't look back. She just rolls her eyes and helps Lily up the first step. "But I don't wanna ride the Hippogriff, Professor Dumbledore." Lily muttered and Bella stifled her laughter. The next morning James groaned as the morning light hit his face, he could have sworn he closed his curtains. He brought both of his hands up to cover his closed eyes and moaned when that didn't help. His head was killing him. He grunted as he realized he's going to have to get up and snag himself some of their supply of the hangover potion. Blearily, he opened his eyes, ready to trudge over towards the potion, but instead a figure at the end of his bed made his heart leap into his throat. James screamed and jumped right off of his bed and landed hard on his butt. He reached up on his nightstand for his wand but a sweet peal of laughter stopped him. In a couple seconds Sirius, Peter, and Remus were standing around his bed with their wands up. Sirius rubbing the sleep out of his eyes, Remus trying to ignore the dull pounding in his head, tried as he might to avoid a hangover, the words sober and marauder don't exactly go together, and Peter looked about ready to crash where he stood. "Bella?" James asked after he peaked his head up to confirm the identity of the laugher. Bella sat on the edge of his bed with her legs folded neatly, looking prim and proper. Her head tilted to the side and her long silky hair fell out from behind her ear. "Potter." She said smiling innocently at him. The three other marauders lowered their wands and stared questioningly at the girl. Remus pinched his nose and went back to his bed and Peter waved to the girl before leaving as well. Sirius, however, gave the girl a big lopsided grin while crossing his arms over his bare chest. "Giving into those temptations?" He asked wiggling his eyebrows at her and she smiled up at him, quickly taking in the view of his abs, pecs, and broad strong shoulder. "Not even in your dreams." She turned back to James, not letting any signs of her being impressed with his body show. Sirius seemingly pouted and uncrossed his arms as James picked himself up off the floor. "Fawley, what are you doing here?" He asked and crossed his arms over his bare chest. Bella rolled her eyes, what is with these two and being shirtless. James too had a strong build and abs however he was slimmer compared to Sirius, the two of the demonstrating the perfect body types of a beater and chaser respectively. "Hangover potion." She told him and James' shoulders dropped and he gave her a look not believing they didn't have their own stash. It was no secret Marlene loved to party. "Marls crushed ours." She explained and James rolled his eyes and Sirius turned away from them and walked over to the other side of the room. "And why should we give you our potion?" James asked again and Bella rolled her eyes this time and gave him a look. "Because your precious Lily Flower needs it." She said snorting at the nickname he gave her last night and James paused at the mention of the red head. He seemed to be thinking it over as he sized the raven haired girl up. "Why didn't she come herself then?" James asked trying to keep the vulnerability out of his voice. He hoped it wasn't because she truly hated him that much. Bella gave him an annoyed look as James clearly didn't seem to get the whole picture here. "Because your precious Lily Flower needs it." She repeated exasperatedly, "They're all trashed." She explained and an over dramatic thoughtful look came across James face as he pretended to think this over. They both new James would do anything for Lily. "A bottle for a kiss." Black said coming back into the conversation behind them and holding a bottle in his hand. Bella glared at the interruption and new proposal, James was just about to hand it over to her. "If you wanted to kiss James that much don't let me stop you." She told him and he rolled his eyes but smiled. "Well James." Bella said turning to him, "What are you waiting for, Lily's waiting." Bella said and gestured for him to go and kiss Sirius. "Funny." James said in a voice that clearly showed just how funny he thought it was. He walked backwards and stood by Sirius who was smirking at her and he looked at her expectantly. "Oh," She said realizing they both seriously want her to kiss Sirius for the potion, "If you think I'm doing that you're mad." She laughed lightly and finally stood up from the bed across from them. "Well then I guess we're just going to have to drink this ourselves." Sirius said and uncorked the bottle but Bella wasn't fazed. She raised her eyebrow as