Only one pair was still battling, apparently unaware of the arrival of Dumbledore, Harry saw Sirius duck Bellatrix's jet of red light: he was laughing at her. 'Come on, you can do better than that!' he yelled, his voice echoing around the cavernous room. The second jet of red light hit him squarely on the chest. The laughter had not quite died from his face, but his eyes widened in shock. It seemed to take Sirius an age to fall: his body curved as he sank backwards through the ragged veil hanging from the arch." Lupin blinked and looked around as he came back to himself, the memory kept playing through his mind taking up his concentration. He was still standing in the veil room; Dumbledore had stationed him there one of the people guarding the captured death eaters. None of them, death eaters or guards knew exactly what was going to happen next. Would the minister believe Dumbledore at last? would he take these death eaters into custody or would fudge's incredible talent for denial come into play yet again and cause him and the other order members standing guard over the death eaters to be the ones in trouble. They were too far underground to hear anything from upstairs, the whole of the main foyer could explode and they wouldn't hear it which meant that the silence was no evidence of a lack of trouble. Lupin was getting impatient. Being stuck playing guardsman for a bunch of death eaters, standing here so close to the thing that may or may not have killed Sirius, unable to do anything even show how he was feeling was torturous. He wanted no he needed Dumbledore to turn up with fudge and take the death eaters off his hands. He was used to hiding his emotions where Sirius was concerned and he had spent most of his life learning to control and suppress the wolf part of his nature in order to live among other wizards but this was the hardest he had ever had to work in order to contain himself. He wanted to yell and rage he wanted to find Bellatrix Lestrange and rip her to shreds. If he was to have any hope of keeping himself together he knew that he needed to find the unspeakable who was in charge of the veil and get information. He needed to know how it worked, to know if there was any chance. He knew that everybody else believed that Sirius had been killed but he just couldn't bear to believe it. He had to find out exactly how this veil worked. Lupin was still trapped in his personal prison of fear worry pain and impatience when the door opened. Death eaters and order members alike looked to see who would come in. The order members were all relived to see Dumbledore walk through the door, he was followed in by fudge. Fudge and Dumbledore came down the steps. A group of Dementors entered the room behind them and the temperature dropped by several degrees. A Phoenix patronus was flying delicately around fudge and Dumbledore protecting them from the effects of the Dementors. Lupin heard the other order members Conjure patronuses to act as personal guardians but Lupin himself just couldn't manage it. Right now He couldn't bring a single happy thought into his mind. Dumbledore looked at him and Lupin had the feeling as many had before under that gaze that Dumbledore's eyes were looking right into him and seeing what he was thinking. Clearly realising at least part of Lupin's problem Dumbledore came to stand next to him and the Phoenix widened its circle to include the third man. Lupin felt a little better and managed a brief "Thank you" Dumbledore nodded in acknowledgement then turned as fudge had to face the death eaters. Lupin hasn't realised that fudge had begun speaking. "Well now. It has been brought extremely roughly to my attention tonight that he who must not be named is at large again after all. And from what I can see you lot certainly seem to be involved in tonight's disruption at the very least." Fudge was interrupted by Lucius Malfoy. "I have had nothing to do with whatever has happened her tonight minister. I arrived in The department of mysteries for a private meeting with a member of your staff when I was accosted by these people and tied up" Moody opened his mouth to reply but Dumbledore raised a hand and moody closed his mouth again. "There is a simple test we can apply minister." Fudge turned to Dumbledore "What would this test entail, and why don't I know of it already" "Since the last time Voldemort was at large I have gained information about those in the inner circle of his ranks, the people known to us as The death eaters. It seems that Voldemort has branded his death eaters with the dark mark on their left forearm. I believe it is intended as a way for Voldemort to call them as well as a way for them to prove their identity to each other" He turned to Malfoy "now Lucius if you can prove to us that you posses no such mark I am sure that you would be free to go with our apologies" "Really minister I hardly think this is necessary. I am a well respected benefactor of this ministry I do not see why I should have to prove myself to him" he pointed towards Dumbledore "Come now Lucius. If your presence here is a misunderstanding, then surely there is no harm in proving it." Replied the minister briskly Lucius Malfoy stood refusing to show his arm. After a minute moody spoke "Come on now I think we should take a look at that arm now don't you Malfoy" and stepping forward he grabbed Malfoy's arm. He shoved the sleeve up roughly and stretched out the arm to show his forearm to the room. there on his arm was the dark mark black as night. " "Seems pretty conclusive proof to me" growled moody "And to me" replied fudge. He turned to the other prisoners "do Any more of you wish to claim innocence? It appears that It will be simple enough to check" Nobody spoke "Very well then you will all be taken straight to Azkaban." He motioned to the Dementors who came forward and led the prisoners out of the room. Fudge followed behind them after wishing Dumbledore goodnight. Dumbledore turned to The order members "well done all of you. You've done brilliantly tonight. Now you all need to go home and get some rest. Everyone Except Lupin moved towards the door and noticing that he hadn't moved Dumbledore Stayed still as well. The order members exited and the room was left empty except for Lupin and Dumbledore. Dumbledore turned to Lupin "I know why you are staying here Remus. I heard that Sirius fell into the veil. I have to admit that I know as little about it as you do however I have already sent a message to roger Toftle, he is the unspeakable in charge of the veil, I have asked him to come here immediately. I presume you intend to remain here until you have spoken to him." "Yes sir, but how did you know" "As I have said many times over many years. There is very little that happens at Hogwarts that I do not know about. And one thing I do know is how important Sirius is to you Remus" "Remus suddenly felt very much like the young boy who had attended Hogwarts so long ago "Yes sir." Dumbledore smiled at him. "Will you be alright waiting here alone. I must return to Hogwarts for a while. harry is waiting and I'm sure he is as upset as you are although you do better and concealing it. " Lupin smiled slightly. "I have had a lot more practice. And I will be fine here." "Very well then. I will speak to you again, once you have spoken to Toftle." Dumbledore turned and left the room. Lupin sat down on the edge of the platform on which the veiled arch stood. He sighed and put his head in his hands. right now Lupin wanted to yell and to scream and to cry. He was tired, furious and most of all terrified. Half of him believe as the others did that the fact Sirius vanished must mean he was dead but the other half rebelled against that thought, and the additional pain her knew Sirius being dead would bring. There was no way for him to know for sure Sirius's fate, He knew he would just have to wait to find out what the veil was before he would know. As he sat there he fought to keep his emotions inside and to keep his mask in place a little longer. He could go to pieces once he had spoken to Toftle until then he had to remain in control of himself. A few hours later Lupin was still sat on the platform when a door opened at the top of the stairs. Lupin looked up and noticed that it was A different door to the one that Dumbledore and the minister had used. A short tubby man with a friendly face and an air of authority was walking down the stairs towards Lupin. "Good evening you must be Mr Lupin." He said "Dumbledore's owl said that you needed to speak to me urgently" he paused as he noticed the large amounts of damage to the room for the first time. "Good grief what on earth has happened. It looks like there's been a full scale battle in here" " there has been" replied Lupin ". A fight between order of Phoenix personnel, death eaters, and a number of very brave Hogwarts students to be precise." Toftle sat down heavily on the wooden bench facing where Lupin sat on the platform. "Good heavens. How did death eaters get into the ministry, and into the department of mysteries of all places? and why on earth would they want to?" "They were here trying to obtain a prophesy on the orders of he who must not be named." Toftle paled visibly. "It's true? He really is back? I've heard the rumours everybody has and I didn't want to doubt Dumbledore he's an old friend but still I must admit that I didn't quite dare believe he was really back" "Well believe it. He showed himself to a bunch of Aurors and the minister himself a matter of hours ago." "Good gracious." Toftle looked around again "Considering what has happened in here tonight and the fact that you needed to see me so urgently that it warranted getting me out of bed would I be right to presume that somebody has fallen through the veil during the fight." "Yes that is exactly what has happened. I need to know what that veil is, what it does, and how it works" "Well that is a very complicated bunch of questions." "I'm sure that I can keep up. Let's start with what is it" "Even that is complicated. It is an ancient object. To some it is an executioner to others a salvation." "What do you mean. How can it be both?" "Well I suppose the best way to explain that is to explain how it is used." "I am listening" "Well as you know if a person is suspected of a serious crime they are tried in front of the Wizengamot and it is decided whether they are innocent or guilty and if guilty what punishment they deserve. Sometimes people are tried for crimes that if found guilty they would suffer life in Azkaban or the Dementors kiss, and in some of those cases there is sufficient evidence to convict but there is still doubt over whether the person