The first thing she noticed was the overwhelming feelings that washed through her. Pain in her chest as if someone was digging a hole in her chest leaving it to bleed out. Confusion warred in her mind. Hadn't she died in the hospital of cancer not a hole in her chest? Did they operate on her or something? She was sure she had died, the out of body experiene she had after she stopped breathing, the pain that left her feeling disorientated after having had it so long and the immense relief that it was over. She looked up to see she was sitting in front of a window showing a view of snow of the ground. She wondered for a moment where she was. She looked around and recognised the room as hers and yet she knew she had never been in it before. She tried to clear her mind and distract from the pain to make sense of the disjointed memories in her head. She finally remembered meeting the embodiment of the fates. They told her she died before she was meant to and they needed to return her to the living to restore the balance. Apparently the balance was very delicate. Any death that happened before it should could tip it and cause the end of the world. They explained it worked similar to ripples in the water. They start off small getting bigger some becoming tidal waves. As it was her early death was impacting her counterpart in another world and she was dying as well, their bond pulling their souls to each other. As a result of their conversation they merged her soul with her counterpart's soul in another world. As she sorted through her mind she found out her counterpart was named Bella Swan and she was going through a heart break. They did tell her to expect anomalies with the merge as she would have a full soul instead of half like most humans and last of all she was the first soul to ever live with her full soul. The more she remembered of her counterpart's life the more incredulous she became. Her first thought was great she was an experiment. Were they serious? Surely there was some kind of mistake. If what she now knew was true then she had fallen into a world that she knew to be fiction where she came from. She could feel it, she had not just taken over her life, she was Bella Swan. She felt as if she had lived two lives one as Sarah Montgomery and the other as Isabella Marie Swan. She hoped she would not slip up and then blurt out she was from another world. She was sure Charlie would have her committed for sure. Her head cleared for what felt like the first time in long time. Bella stood up from her chair and looked around. Her room looked unlived in. It was eerie. She found the pain was actually manageable now as she moved around the room picking up a change of clothes and going to take a shower. She was going to need to pull herself together before facing Charlie. She felt guilty remembering his face as he watched his only daughter break and fall into despair. She could now see it was killing him to see it. What was worse was she knew Bella would not have lasted through the night without the merge. Even now the pain she was feeling made her head reel. As Sarah she had never had her heart broken. Sure she had gone out with a few guys but that was it. She never fell in love with any of them. She was determined to do what she could to show him she would be okay. The shower felt wonderful as the hot water cascaded down her body. She frowned when she saw how unfit her body was. As Sarah she practised kickboxing and was a black belt in karate until her illness. She was going to have to fix that despite her clumsiness as Bella. The next thing she needed to think about was what she going to do about her knowledge. Obviously things were going to be different now. Only half of her was in love with Edward Cullen, the other part of her had actually never met him. She knew her reaction when seeing him again was going to be different. She looked up at the clock on the wall as she made her way downstairs. It was still early, seven o'clock. Charlie was already gone having left a note to say he was going fishing with Harry he would be home later in the day. It gave Bella time to get her bearings. She decided she might as well start getting her body back into shape. She had breakfast, tidied up the house and began stretching. She hoped it would help her cope and keep her mind from thinking about Edward. When Charlie came home later that day Bella had dinner ready and was currently finishing her homework. She looked up from where she was sitting on the couch books around her and saw Charlie staring at her unsure how to react. So she spoke first "Hi dad. Did you have a good day?" Charlie closed the distance between them and sat down opposite her and replied "It was alright. How was yours?" She shrugged "I got my homework done and dinner as well. I made chicken." The small exchange was strained but it was a start. Charlie was not the best conversationalist to begin with so she decided to call it a win. They had dinner and Charlie helped her wash up the dishes. He seemed to want to be closer to her to see if she was pretending and then return to her catatonic state. When they finished Bella said to Charlie "I won't lie and say I'm automatically okay dad because I'm not. But I'm trying to be, eventually I will be." Her heart broke when she saw the relief on his face when she was eating. She could see a sheen of tears in his eyes and moved close to him before wrapping her arms around him. As she pulled away after her impromptu hug she said "I'll be fine dad. I promise." Charlie nodded and let her go. She went upstairs making plans to go down to La push in the morning. It was time to go and see her friend Jacob. It occurred to her that this might have been when Bella went to the movies with Jessica. She decided to save herself that headache especially knowing the outcome of that excursion and she had a feeling that with what she knew of her old personality she would most likely not be able to tolerate Jessica for too long. She knew Charlie was awake half the night because she could hear him moving outside her door occasionally and sometimes just opening the door to check on her. It broke her heart to realise just how much worry she caused him. She eventually fell asleep in the early hours of the morning. Bella woke up at eight that morning. It was a Saturday she did not have school to go to. She remembered her resolve to go and see Jacob and felt her day brighten a little. She went through her morning stretching exercises and breakfast. Charlie's face lit up when she mentioned going to la push to see Jacob. It made her feel a little better knowing she made him smile. xxxxxx Bella was not sure what to expect when she arrived but the joy on Jacob's face when she stopped the truck made up for the tenseness she was feeling. She felt like she could breath properly for the first time in a while. As Jacob swung her round he asked "What brings you here Bella?" She laughed and replied "You do Jake. I was hoping we could hang out." She marvelled at how happy Jacob always seemed. It actually lifted her spirits and made her feel better like the thing that had been suffocating her was sudddenly thrown off like a blanket. When Jake finally put her down she said "I feel better already just being here. I'm sorry i didnt ome before." Jake positivley beamed at the statement and replied "You know you are always welcome here Bella." She commented on how big he had grown. He was much taller than her now. She felt like a dwarf and teased him about it telling him he needed to share whatever he was eating because she seemed to have stopped getting taller. The day passed pleasantly. She watched Jake as he worked on his car and they just talked. She had not felt this relaxed in a long time and was actually sad when she realised that it was nearing sunset. Charlie arrived to her surprise and they had dinner that Billy made. It turned into a small get together as more people from the reservation showed up. By the time Bella went home she knew she was strong enough to cope. She would be okay. Days went by and Bella spent most of her time with Jake whether in his garage or at Charlie's house doing homework. Sometimes his friends Quill and Embry showed up to hang out and she found she quite enjoyed hanging out with them. She decided to stay away from the meadow. From what she could remember she would run into Laurent there and get him killed and then Charlie would risk his life going to search for the elusive wolves. Speaking of Charlie she was cooking much healthier food for him now. This was triggered when she remembered that Harry was going to have a heart attack. Hopefully her dad was much healthier than Harry but it was better to be safe than sorry. She even made a deal with him to exercise with her every other day in exchange of her making more of an effort to get better. He agreed so fast she thought she would get whiplash. So now four times a week she and Charlie did stretch exercises and went for a jog in the mornings. It actually brought them closer and improved their relationship. They were not so awkward around each other anymore. Bella slowly increased her stamina and started her martial arts movements building up slowly seeing as she had never done such workouts as Bella. Two months went by and she was making progress. During that time Bella took her savings and made her way to Port Angeles. Jake insisted on going with her for protection. She bought herself a new wardrobe seeing as her counterpart barely had enough outfits to cover a single week. How she managed it she would never know. She included a wet suit remembering the cliff diving. She did not know if she was going to actually go through with it but just in case something pushed her to doing it she did not want to freeze to death. It all came to a head when Jake seemed to be avoiding her. She had been expecting it from her knowledge of events but it still hurt. She could not help calling him hoping that he would at least speak to her but he wouldn't pick up the phone. She was home alone when it happened. Charlie had just left with Harry to go fishing when she called Jacob only to hear the lie about having mono. She grabbed her trainers and jumper and left the house to go jogging. It always helped to clear her mind. She ran into the forest keeping to the familiar paths she and Charlie always took when they went running. She could feel her mind calming as she pushed herself to to move faster. Ever since she started up mere martial arts again she became less