"You're really going to volunteer?" Candis asked her best friend, raising an eyebrow at her. She couldn't understand why on earth anyone would voluntarily sentence themselves to an almost guaranteed death, but every year, one or both tributes would. Serena nodded, an excited grin on her face. "Can you imagine, Candy? Going to the Capitol and getting to be fawned over?" "Then thrown into a fight to the death with 23 other people," The young woman shook her head, closing her eyes as she rested against the base of a tree. "You're crazy." "Whatever! Just wait, when I come back and I'm bathed in riches, I won't share any of it with you!" Candis laughed and dug her feet into the pleasantly warm sand, wiggling her toes. "Damn, now I'm really jealous. Be serious for a minute, Serena. What if you die?" She opened her turquoise colored eyes and blinked at the blonde. "What then?" She huffed and rolled her eyes. "Have you forgotten who the mentor is? Finnick Odair, you idiot! Remember the girl who won last year? If she could win, then there's no way in hell that I can't!" She stood up and brushed the sand off of her behind, sighing. "I'll see you tomorrow, be ready for my big moment." She grinned before leaving the raven haired girl alone on the remote part of the beach. She stared out at the sea with a blank expression, but inside she was reeling. How could Serena be so excited? The riches weren't guaranteed. If you weren't good enough, it cost you your life. She let out a long breath and picked up a handful of sand, slowly letting it run out through her fingers. The sun was setting in the sky, and she sighed as she got up from the ground and brushed her clothes off before heading towards her house. "There you are, I was beginning to worry," Her mother sighed with relief when she walked in the front door. "Everyone else has finished eating, but there is some left for you on the counter." She frowned at the peculiar look on her daughter's face and set her hand on her shoulder. Candis looked at her and shrugged, "No need to worry, mom. The Reaping is tomorrow, and then you can worry." She felt bad immediately after she had spoken, seeing the look on her mother's face. "I'm sorry…hey, guess what? You don't have to worry, do you know why?" Jane swallowed and shook her head. "Serena is volunteering, so you have no reason to be upset! She might have to worry about more than one person trying to volunteer, but you…you don't have to worry. Okay?" She looked into her mother's identically colored eyes, and smiled when she finally nodded. The night seemed to be over in the blink of an eye. When she had finally managed to drifted off to sleep, it was time to get up. The bright sunlight nearly blinded her as she got up to prepare for the day. She kept telling herself over and over that it would be alright, that Serena was going. Then again, that wasn't a very reassuring thought. Sending Serena to look death in the eye instead of her? It was her choice, she thought to herself, letting the cool water wash over her skin. Her mother had laid out a dress for her when she finished her shower, and she pursed her lips as she stared at for a moment. It was snug on her hips and over her breasts, but it would do. She stepped in front of the mirror and looked herself over, finding it strange that she was worried about her appearance. Did it matter? She was going to stand around and then come right back home. She ran her hands over the soft, blue material and looked at her reflection once more. A loud, blaring horn sounded, making her jump and look out the window. She heard footsteps from the hallway and she turned to see her mother standing there. "I'm ready," She smiled and went over to her. "You aren't worrying, are you?" Jane smiled sadly and she nodded. "I can't help it, Candis." She reached up and played with one of her loose, dark curls, sighing. "You'll see," Candis smiled reassuringly and reached for her hand. "Better get out there, yeah?" Everyone in the district filed to the square, where the large screens and the two Reaping balls waited, deciding the fate of two children. Candis stopped as they reached the registration tables, turning to her mother. "I'll come find you after, okay? I love you," she smiled and hugged her tight before letting her go and approaching one of the stations. "Your hand, please," The woman instructed, reaching her own hand out. Candis chewed on her bottom lip as she pricked her finger and smeared her blood on the paper, and when she aimed a scanner at it, 'Candis Finchley' flashed on the small screen, and she was able to pass through to where everyone was filing into sections. "Over here!" Serena waved at her best friend. "Could you sleep?" "Not a bit. You?" Serena shrugged, picking at the hem of her faded pink dress. She opened her mouth to reply, but was interrupted by the eccentric man on stage. "Welcome, welcome!" He announced with an impish grin. He introduced himself as Salvatore Hume, and Candis recognized him from the previous year. The sun was beating down on them, and the longer they stood there, the more anxious she became. By the time that the film reel had ended and Salvatore called the attention back to himself, his smile never faltering. "Here we go," Candis whispered to Serena, who didn't answer. She watched the man walk over to the glass orb containing the every girl name and reach inside. It didn't matter whose name was called, she reminded herself. Salvatore cleared his throat as he made it back to the microphone, opening the slip of paper and examining it. "Candis Finchley!" He called out. She felt her blood run cold as people turned to look at her. Why hadn't Serena spoken yet? She turned her head to look at her friend, who had tears in her eyes. "Serena, what are you doing?" She whispered, her blue eyes wide. Serena's lower lip quivered and she shook her head. "I-I can't do it," she whispered, taking a step away from her. "I'm sorry, Candis." "Candis Finchley? Where are you? Come up," Salvatore's voice came from the stage. He smiled as he saw the young woman start to move through the crowd, her head down. "You stand right here, love, while we choose the boy." This couldn't be real. She searched the sea of people for Serena, but could not find her anywhere. She must have run off somewhere. Her stomach twisted with the feeling of betrayal; how could she have done this to her? As she scanned the crowd, her eyes fell upon her mother, who was clutching onto another mother to keep standing. Tears threatened to erupt from Candis' eyes and she tore her gaze away from her mother, choosing instead to stare straight forward. "Quinn Davett!" Salvatore announced, and after a moment, when no one volunteered, a small mousy looking boy stumbled onto the stage. Candis felt her stomach lurch; he couldn't have been older than thirteen. "I present to you your tributes for the Seventy-Fourth Hunger Games! Make your district proud, Candis and Quinn! And may the odds be ever in your favor..." "Candis!" Jane blurted out a sob as she stumbled through the door of small holding room. She pulled her daughter into her arms, her whole body shaking at the magnitude of her crying. "What happened? Wh-why-" "She changed her mind," Candis whispered, hugging her mom back tightly and sniffling. "I'm sorry, mom…I'm sorry…" Why was she apologizing? She hadn't known that Serena would back out, but still. "I don't even have anything to give you as a token, I..." Jane trailed off as she pulled away, holding up her hand and slowly pulling off her wedding ring. "Mom," she whispered, tears rolling down her cheeks as she placed it in her palm and closed it. "Come back to me, Candis. You're all I have left," she swallowed, her blue eyes so distraught. She put her arms around her child again and held her close, not letting her go, and not moving until the Peacekeeper came back in and announced that it was time to leave. "I love you, Candy," she whimpered, kissing both her cheeks. "Here we are, you two. Isn't it amazing?" Salvatore gushed as he led the tributes onto the train. "You'll be taken to the Capitol in such style! This is a once in a lifetime experience, remember that! One has to be invited to the Capitol normally, and that is very hard to achieve." Candis tuned out his chattering as they moved from car to car, only able to focus on her migraine. She pressed two fingers against her temple and sighed as they entered another car, stopping when she nearly ran into Salvatore's backside. "Introductions are in order! Here they are, your new tributes!" A man stood up from the table and when he turned around, Candis froze. "Hello there," Finnick smiled, extending his hand to Quinn first. "You've got a nice grip, son! That may come in handy," He grinned and ruffled his dirty blonde hair before looking at Candis. "Pleasure to meet you, Candis." She swallowed as she shook his hand, unable to help but gawk at him. "H-how did you know my name?" She stammered. A charming grin spread across his face and he cross his arms over his broad chest. "I was watching the Reaping too, sweetheart." Her cheeks burned bright red and she immediately felt like an idiot. "Oh…right," she mumbled, her cheeks turning darker when he chuckled. "Night, Quinn!" Finnick called after the young boy as he went off to his bedroom. He ran a hand through his hair as he sat on the opposite end of the couch as Candis, sighing quietly. "I'm afraid for him," Candis said, tucking her feet up underneath her. "How come?" She furrowed her brows at him in confusion, "What do you mean, how come? Just look at him. He's so small…" "So? Just because he's small or younger doesn't matter. He's certainly going to be less skilled than other careers, but what if…" Finnick pursed his lips and thought a moment. "What if something happens and in order to survive, you have to keep climbing and climbing, but the tree is too weak to support a regular sized person? Hm?" "Yeah, I guess you're right," She sighed, blushing at the triumphant grin on his face. "I'll just hope that the arena isn't all climbing trees…" He chuckled deeply and scooted closer to her. "What about you? Are you going to surprise me, Candy?" "Nope," She chewed on her lip to fight a grin. "I'm about as surprising as a sack of potatoes." Her heart fluttered as he brushed his thumb against her cheekbone, and she found herself staring into his sea green eyes. "Your eyes caught me off guard," He said in a softer voice. His lips were turned up just slightly, and he couldn't look away from those enchanting eyes. "You could ensnare anyone just by looking at them, and then…" He leaned in closer, and Candis could feel his breath against her lips. "Then they're dead," he whispered, pulling away and smirking at the look of astonishment on her face. "I don't know how well that would work," She finally said, her heart beating so loudly in her ears. "Will you help me?" "That's my job, sweetheart," Finnick smiled and stood up from the couch, stretching his arms over his head. "You ought to go to bed, you've got a long day tomorrow." He reached