Note: You asked for it. You've got it. First part is virtually identical to the copies in The Warren. New parts are below. Specially crafted to celebrate Halloween (it's late, I know) and to celebrate my birthday (recently passed). A/N: This ground has been trodden on before. This is my take on things. Thank you, Nicol, for helping me locate typos. Disclaimer: I own nothing you recognize. XXXXXXXXXXX Lily sat unsteadily. Her perceptions were not as keen as they normally were, but she could easily tell that the establishment where she was seated, despite being a dim, blobby, dung hole, was a bar. The reason she was seated with a tumbler in her hand was because the bar previously mentioned fulfilled her most fundamentally important requirement she had for such a place - it served alcohol. Considering that everyone knows all bars serve alcohol, this may seem to be an odd requirement to have. In Lily Potter's worldview, everyone else would be wrong. Lily's thoughts on the matter are as follows: A bar should have more to offer than firewhiskey, deplorable rot masquerading as whiskey; butterbeer, terrible remnant of the Middle Ages where beer was all you had to drink and inanely targeted toward children; and that third thing that she could never remember. She knocked back her glass. Her ideal bar would some decent beer on tap, more than one if she was lucky; a good collection of local and foreign liquors and sometimes beers; and for her all-around enjoyment, it should have a handsome man or fetching woman behind the bar capable of mixing acceptable drinks, or both. Not that she would ever cheat on James; she loved James and she knew he loved her too. But there was no law against looking, and they'd long ago come to an agreement about what was allowed. He would never cheat on her either... at least he better not or his testicles would explode. Lily Evans had not been known as the scariest witch of her generation for being soft. She signaled to the bartender to go again. The bartender, a congenial sort, poured her another glass and stood dutifully by as Lily held the glass up in a mock salute and then quickly drained it. "Reload." "Hitting the whiskey a bit hard tonight, aren't we?" The bartender said in a concerned but not judgmental sort of way. Judgmental seriously cut into her tips. "I can handle it," was Lily's unconvincing reply. "I've been dry for nine months. After what I've been through, I think I deserve a drink or two." "Or two, yes. You've had five since you sat down." "Shouldn't be a problem. I've done seven before." "But not in at least 9 months, right? You might need to work your way up again." Lily's eyes swam before her even as she was planning to contradict the overly concerned but not-at-all judgmental bartender. "I'll have you know-urk- that I think I need a bucket... One appeared before Lily so quickly to a casual observer it would have seemed like magic. %%%%%%%% Lily Potter, feeling much steadier on her feet, stepped out of the ladies toilet and walked back to the bar. "Coffee?" "Yes, thank you." Lily replied. Moments later, a steaming cup of a coffee and was set before her with all the trimmings. With murmured thanks, the coffee was soon making its way down her throat. It was very good. "If you don't mind my saying so," the bartender began, "you don't strike me as person out to celebrate." Holding the warm cup between her cool fingers, Lily shook her head. "No, I'm not." Jean thought on this for a moment, deciding how she wanted to approach this. "Would you like to talk about it?" "No." "Are you sure about that?" "No." "If it helps, you should consider that you came to a bar to drink. There are plenty of places to buy liquor but you came here where there is a person you can confide in." "You're very good at this." "It's a calling. I consider myself lucky that they actually pay me to do what I love." She picked up a clean glass and started polishing it with a bar towel. The glass didn't need it, but there was something comforting to patrons who saw her doing this stereotypical bartender task. "My parents just died." "I'm sorry for your loss." "Thank you." She gave the glass another just-so polish, held it up to the light for inspection and then set it down with a little more noise than was quite necessary. She then picked up the same one and started polishing again. "I think I'd like something stronger than coffee." "Coming right up." She set down the tumbler she'd been polishing and with a smooth motion lifted a green bottle and poured a finger full into the small glass. Lily picked up the drink and held it in front of her like all the secrets of the world were held inside. "So, I can tell you're curious. Go ahead and ask." "..." "Not talking?" "I make it a policy to know when I'm being too nosy." Lily set down the drink. "No, no. Go right ahead. You're right that if I didn't feel like talking then I wouldn't have come to this bar. Ask away." "Waited until you had something to toss in my face -you're one scary lady. Has anyone ever told you that?" "Oh, loads of times." "So, nine months..." "A son. A beautiful baby boy. If nothing changes, then he'll have the same eye color as me." "Ah, then congratulations. I was worried-" "You were worried I'd lost the baby and that was why I was drinking." Lily replied in growing realization. "Tactful" "It comes with the territory. I don't know what I would do if anything happened to my daughter." "Married?" The bartender with the chestnut brown hair fished a length of chain out from underneath her shirt to display a wedding band. "I like to keep it close to my heart when I bartend-" she paused for a moment and looked left and right as if checking to make sure she wasn't overheard. "-and to be honest, the tips are better when I don't wear it." For some reason, Lily found this the most hilarious thing she'd ever heard and nearly choked on her drink. "Now, now, no dying in the bar. Frank won't let me moonlight here if another one dies." Getting her coughing under control, Lily croaked, "Another?" "Well, that was a bit of an exaggeration. Mick's an older fella and one night after he came in for a few pints, he went and had a heart attack. Complained about heartburn, stiff shoulders, and everything else they warn you about since he sat down at the bar. I didn't notice until he mentioned the tingling in his arm and saw how flushed he looked. I called for an ambulance and ended up having to perform CPR on him before the ambulance arrived." Lily looked somber as she asked, "So… he didn't make it?" The bartender was polishing a glass again. "Oh, he made it. Doctors made him quit drinking. He said he'd never forgive me for saving his life-" she paused to build up the suspense "-he still drops by from time to time to drink a soft drink, but I'm not always here." "Oh." Lily said as she sipped at her drink. "Where are you normally?" "Normally, I'm working with my husband at a business we own together. He's a dentist, in case it wasn't at all clear." She gave a wink. Returning the wink and adding a smile Lily paused and then said, "I know it isn't any of my business, but why are you tending a bar if you own a dental surgery? This can't be anything compared to what you earn at your other job?" Breathing deeply, the woman developed a kindly look to her face, one that seemed odd at her young age. "This isn't a job. It's a calling. I learned to tend bars when I went to University, and it gets in your blood after a while, I suppose. Additionally, I met my husband tending a bar, so there is a certain fond nostalgia to it." She pointed to the ceiling. "Now this bar is owned by an old family friend. He's like an uncle or maybe a funny old grandfather. He lets me bartend when the regular bartender can't come in to work and I enjoy the rare opportunities I get." "You're good at what you do." "Thank you, I strive to give uniform service." "Lily Potter." She stretched out a hand. "Emma Granger." She grasped the hand and gave it a firm shake. She had a good feeling about this one. %%%%%%%%%%%%% "Oh good, you're here." The normally unflappable Emma Granger, bartender extraordinaire seemed slightly more flappable today. Lily couldn't say exactly why until her eyes settled on the odd hat perched incongruously on Emma's head. "Emm, what is that doing on your head?" "Umm... keeping my brains from freezing?" "Hah hah, very funny. How about you pour me a neat scotch, something from the highlands, and tell me the real reason you're wearing that eyesore." With trained practice and professionalism, she deftly poured the drink and served it to coincide with Lily's bottom touching the seat. "You'd never believe me if I told you." Picking the drink up and toasting to absent friends Lily commented, "You'd be surprised what I'd be willing to believe." "You've never seen anything quite like this and even if you had, you'd never believe how it happened. Lily raised an eyebrow and then set her empty glass back on the bar. "We're friends, aren't we?" "Yes, but-" "Then let me be your friend. What IS under your oddly ugly hat?" Sighing, Emma pulled the hat from her head. Strands upon strands of multi-colored hair streamed down around her head. "You dyed your hair?" "Yes." She said sulkily. "I don't see what's so hard to believe about that; though, it must have taken forever to dye your hair so many different shades all at one time." "I dyed my hair brown." She paused for a moment as if trying to find words. "I dyed my hair because it was so many different colors, but it wouldn't take." "What?" "You heard me. It was because of my insanely colored hair that I tried to dye it brown. In fact, I tried to die it 6 different times before I gave up. I actually saw the brown slide off my hair onto the floor." Lily blink-blinked for a second and then said, "Reload." Diligently and with no wasted motion Emma refilled the glass with one hand. Then she picked up her hat and proceeded to stuff her wildly colored hair back away from prying eyes. "I told you." Lily took a sip before saying, "Did your daughter turn anything else wild colors?" "Yes, but—wait—how could you possibly know that?" "Did I not say that you'd be surprised what I'd be willing to believe?" "Yes, but—". "Ahh ahh, no buts. I'm your friend and if you're willing to have your entire worldview turned on its ear, then I think I can help you. Either that or you might be able to wait until your hair grows out and cut it, or worse case scenario you'll have to invest in a quality wig." "You can help!?" "Shh... Yes, I really think I can. Is there somewhere more private we can talk?" "There's a room in the back, but I really shouldn't leave the bar unattended for very long." "Commendable work ethic, but I think that if your daughter really was responsible for your hair looking that way, then we would probably go to your home. There are only two regulars here anyway, so I'm sure they'd understand if you said something had come up with your daughter." Emma