Cinderella Excitement. Curiousity. Joy. I felt these things as a child. Of course there were times where I'd be scolded for a child misdead, but ultimantley I was raised in a loving, nuturing home. Of course it helped that I lived in the richer part of District 12, so I blended right in with the other pretty girls with frilly dresses and buns. "Evie," my mother would coo my name to retrieve my attention as she taught me the simple things: Housekeeping, cooking, sewing, healing, and selling. I looked different than everyone in District 12. My mother would brush my long, soft blonde hair, whispering lovingly that I was her Golden Baby. I would always giggle and hug her, kissing her cheek and telling her I loved her. Yes, I was quite affectionate a young girl, and that was to everyone. My father always told me stories at night, fairytails with beautiful princesses and daring prince charmings. Like any little girl, I dreamed of having one of my own. I don't recall wishing he would sweep me away from my home, but I did daydream of him loving me and giving me children. My father always called me Cinderella, claiming I was just as beautiful and kind as she was in the story. I never could have predicted Zayn, but i never did look down on the Seam boys. What I remember most vididly, though, is a night a storm was raging, forcing my family to shut the windows and curl up together for warmth. I was pressed between my parents and my older brother, Rise, in my parents' large bed, heavy quits covering us from head to toe. I have never liked the rain, even though we almost never got it, and storms terrified me. Being five years old at the time, I was crying my heart out, one tiny fist clutching my father's hand and my face pressed tightly in my mother's nightgown. She stroked my hair gently, kissing my face ever so often and rocking me, "Evie...shhhh, it's alright. Shhhh..." "Dry those tears, Cinderella," Dad was now rubbing my tiny back, "it's just a little rain." Of course that was when a huge clap of thunder shook our home, which made me sob harder into my mother. That's when Rise spoke up, which he rarely did, and took me into his lap. "Deep in the meadow...under the willow..." his singing voice was beautiful and deep, one that made you want to curl up in it's beauty and sleep away your troubles away. So I drifted off despite the loud thunder and bright flashes raging outside our door, the lullaby imprinted in my mind as I slept. Ever since that night, I always curled up with Rise when it rained, even if it was only a faint drizzle. And ever since that night, he'd sing that lullaby to me when I would crawl in his bed, until I was fourteen and he was eighteen. Excitement. Curiousity. Joy. "Sunrise Break!" Fear. Sadness. Depression. I can only watch, helpless, as my older brother mounts the stage. The female tribute, a long-haired girl who always came across as a brat, is already sobbing on the stage, and now my big brother has joined her. My brother, the one sang me a special lullaby, the one who would quietly watch over me at school, the one who never did anything to anyone. And he's gone. *Time shift* "Evening, listen to me," I look up from my tears only when he says my full name, something that's almost never done by my family. "Don't die," I choke out best I can manage, "you can't..." "Listen," he takes my chin firmly, forcing me to look into his beautiful light gray eyes, "you're going to be alright. You still have Mom and Dad. You have to be strong for me, Evening." "But I don't want you to die..." I hiccup out weakly, and he pulls me into a hug. "Give me you brave face," he tells me, squeezing my ahoulders, "we're going to get through this." "Deep in the meadow..." I start shakily, my voice nowhere near as soothing as his own, "under the willow..." "A bed of grass..." much to my dismay, tears are now shining in his own eyes, "a soft green pillow..." That's when a Peacekeeper comes in, "Your time's up." He grabs my arm, almost snapping it in half, and I start to struggle to no possible avail. Rise just hugs me one more time, kissing the top of my head before I'm yanked out of his fingertips. He's hungry and exhausted. I watch, hands over my mouth as I plead silently for him, to somehow find the stregnth to pick up his spear and kill the District 2 girl. He'd made it to the final eight, so far. I pray he won't let go now, he won't give up when he's getting so close to coming home. But when she stabs him in the chest with one of her swords, I know the cannon fire belongs to his soul. Fear. Sadness. Depression. Darkness. I clutch the coat tighter around my small body. It's been two long years since Rise came home, bled out and in a coffin box with a single red rose in his hand, curtesy of our president. Since that day, I've lost myself in a never-ending darkness, one that traps my mind in an endless torture. Scenes of our time together, both good and mind, flash through the blind darkness, blocking reality from my eyes constantly. Sleep only brings nightmares amd tears, and now it is Reaping Day once again. My name is the bowl five times this year. I want to go into the Games and die. As much as I would hate to leave my parents, I want to be with my brother again. Perhaps death would ease the constant pain, and being reaped wouldn't make it obvious I wamted to end my own life. But what if I'm not picked? I can't let myself go on like this, in this state of agony. If I touch he fence now, I will electrocute myself and die. It's obvious suicide, but in death, I'll not have to explain why. I'll be free. "What are you doing out here, Little Girl?" a Peacekeeper demands, and suddenly I am being dragged forcfully. Darkness. Hope. I look up from rubbing my hands my hands together, having been doing it for so long, my hands were beginning to crack from being so dry. We were having a District-wide watershortage, and it was driving everyone insane. So much, that in fact, the heat was cut to save energy as several people were forced out of Districts 11 and my own District, as well as hundreds of others, to find more water supplies. I am from the wealthy side of town and only seventeen, so of course I am not going. But my father has, and now he is coming home. As I stand with my mother in the coldness of winter, my clothes not doing much justice to keep me from freezing to death. That's when I see him for the first time, which is cliche, I know, but still. He sports the Seam look of brown hair, olive skin, and gray eyes, but he is lean and looks wise. He one of the few calm ones in crowd, not moping like most of the Seams but not complaing like most of those in my part of the District. "Here," that's when I realize is handing out homemade gloves, made from molding leather. My mother turns him down not-too-politely, but I accept. Unlike both of my parents, I don't judge the Seams, and I actually like to help them out. I slip a coin in his pocket, smiling back at him when he looks to me with kind eyes and a thankful expression. Hope. Nervousness. Anticipation. Worry. I clip the fancy necklace around my neck, even though it's not really that fancy. It has a beautiful mockingjay on the end of it, encased in a gold circle, and it hands from a simple silver chain. My parents do not know what I am going to do tonight with Zayn. Ever since he gave me this necklace he made deep in the mines on break from rare flecks of pure gold in the coals, I knew I loved him. He was charming and fearless, and I have been dating him for about two years in secret. It has been hard, true, to keep this from my parents, but I feel like I am getting my own personal fairytail with a guy who doesn't judge me and loves me more than anything. I am Cinderella. But my parents will probably disown me after this. However, while I do care and the memories of a pretty happy childhood swirl in my mind, I will not put them before a man I loved more than anything. I took at the shiny ring he placed on my finger near the electric fence, tucked away from the rest of the District and the night patrol, before I slip out of my window to meet him in the Seam. His parents love me, thankfully, and I feel like I have found my other half as my nightgown brings dust on my bare feet while I run into his arm. I am Cinderella now. Nervousness. Anticipation. Worry. Happiness. Disgust. Shame. I hate how prissy I am acting, but the Seam is disgusting to me. The dust everywhere and all of the starving people that I encounter every day horrify me, and I can't get used to getting truly hungry and sleeping on a single rough matress on the ground. But I have Zayn, and that really is all that matters, right? Disgust. Shame. Beautiful. Before I met Zayn, as I mentioned before, Mother would always coo about how I Was beautiful and adorable. But my own daughter is truly the picture of beauty, though she sports the Seam look. She looks much like her father, and I cradle her close as she cries, opening her gray eyes to the world for the first time. Softly, I sing to her that old song imprinted in a special place on my heart as Zayn prepares formula he had to trade for in the Hob. Deep in the meadow, Under the willow... I know I want at least one more child after her. She is a lovely thing, and I know she will be bright and happy. I will see to it personally she has the best life she can possibly have. "Dinner is served, Mom," Zayn smiles tiredly to me, handing me a stew of roots that he knows is my favorite, making me smile back as our baby girl sleeps. "What are these roots' names again?" I inquire, taking a sip. "Katniss," he replies, and I look to our child. "That's her name," I reply happily, feeling at peace, "Katniss." Beautiful. Innocence. "Can I hold her, Mommy?" Katniss asks me, crawling beside me on the bed as I hold my second baby girl close. "Be careful with her," I smile back at her, easing the baby into my four-year-old daughter's arms as Zayn begins to scrub off the blood from the sheets from my birthing. Katniss holds her very carefully, concentration on her small forehead as we all admire her. She looks just like me, with soft blonde hair and bright blue eyes. She is just as beautiful as her older sister, and she looks much like me, from what I've seen in photos when I was a baby. "I'll protect her," she decides with a toothy grin, "forever and ever and ever and ever!" "That's lovely, dear," I stroke hair hair, playing with one of her braids as Zayn scoops both of them in his lap and lay back, exhausted. "Why don't we come up with a name for