I hope you enjoy my new story, it's only going to be about 3-4 chapters and it evolved from a photo I saw which somehow got my writing cogs into motion and brought forth the creation below...enjoy! :D Feel free to leave a comment or review at the bottom... *O* Disclaimer: I do not own any 'Twilight' content that may appear in my completed story, all c opyright belongs to Stephanie Meyer, the lucky lady. *O* The secret to being the best in my trade was to be light on your feet and nimble in mind and body, without these two main skills you would never make it big time as an 'artefact/jewel/whatever-can-be-stolen' thief. I mean, to be honest, no one ever wanted to hire someone who sounded like a heard of elephants when this job required finesse and a certain kind of classiness to it. Take me, for example, I made sure that I always ate healthy; I exercised regularly and practiced almost every day in the art of safe cracking. To make it in this business you also had to have trust issues which meant that our main motto was trust no one . It was proven over and over again by the many crews that were arrested due to one wimp who got cold feet and loose lips. Most thieves, like myself, preferred to go solo these days which was a hell of a lot safer and this was a proven fact, exhibit A. I'm still here. Right now trust was the least of my worries as doubt for the job I was currently involved in had me worried, which was never a good thing. My gut instincts had never failed me so far. I normally picked my own contracts but I thought about having some variety in my life so I accepted a request that was offered to me by an anonymous benefactor. Normally it was very risky if you didn't know who you were dealing with; if trouble arose you wouldn't know who to fight or run from. Luckily for me I had 'friends' all over the place, one in the police force, a couple from the streets and the best was the one from the highest mob family around called the Volturi. After having a conversation with my mob contact for exactly fifty nine seconds I had come to the conclusion that the patriarch of the family had sent out the contract. My contact explained that this was strictly procurement and nothing more political or deadly so I arranged a time for the official meeting to be held the next day. The job was to steal an antique statue from the state museum that belonged to said mob family but was stolen from them many years before. So if you will, it was bit of an heirloom, a very expensive heirloom in fact. It had been valued at a little more than one hundred and fifty grand not only because of the age but because it was made of pure silver, gold filigree and rare gems. Despite the substantial amount of money I had been paid after signing the contract this is what piked my curiosity, believe it or not I wasn't in this job completely for the money, I had an allure to the unique and the aged. Gathering my wits back I put my complete attention to the task at hand. Today was the day of the heist and I had to be in calm control otherwise things could go horribly wrong. The museum had been clever in the design of their security for this showing, installing state of the art lasers and sensors in every inch of the floor and ceiling, guards patrolled the surrounding rooms every fifteen minutes, a camera was singled in on the podium at all times and there was a pressure release alarm underneath the statue. I had been impressed by the lengths they had put in place in order to protect the statue when I had cased the place, I had seen many priceless paintings and antiquities come and go through the museum and none had come close to the complexity of this new system. It seemed that the Strigoni family – known rivals and enemies of the Volturi – who now owned the statue were putting in some extra funds in order to keep it safe and theirs, even in the opening hours there were guards patrolling the room and anyone who came too close to the glass pedestal was told to step back with chill politeness. After a few detailed observations I figured that the safest time to try would be at night when there were fewer obstacles and the room was clear of tourists, children and especially the guards. Security details in other rooms and patrols I could handle but if they were in the same room it made it that much more difficult but not impossible. When I had arrived home I set to work putting together the kit I would need for this particular job and made sure I had my plan memorized faultlessly. I dressed in my lucky underwear, black tights and three quarter sleeved top, leather gloves, specially designed boots and my slim-line utility belt that strapped to my thigh. Pulling my hair into a tight bun I took a deep breath to calm my nerves and grabbed the keys to my black Ducati which was the fastest and stealthiest ride I owned out of my two vehicles. Thanks to Rosalie – one of my best friends – who was in the automotive industry my bike and car had been modified to within an inch of their lives as she could basically alter or fix anything with an engine. Before I left I made sure that everything was in place and that I hadn't forgotten anything as one little mistake could ruin my carefully crafted plans. Happy that everything was in order I nodded to myself and slipped out the apartment building's back door and took off into the dark. When I arrived I parked a block away and stuck to the shadows and silently thanked Alice – my other fashionista best friend – for my boots. They were designed for several purposes and one of those was to absorb sound, the other was the small dial near my heel which enabled me to stick to any surface when needed. The absorption of my pounding feet meant a stealthy approach as I sprinted along the pavement to the museums loading docks; the outside patrol would never see or hear me coming. Coming up to the large roller doors I checked for the two security guards that I knew would be huddled in the small corner office at the back of the building, making my move when they turned to look at something on the desk and gave their backs to the security monitors that showed all the areas outside the museum. Keeping to the shadows I finally made it to the small 'employee only' door and attached my phone and a small cable to the automatized pin pad on the wall, in seconds the four lights turned green and I heard the quiet snick as the lock turned. Putting my phone away I entered into the empty and quiet break room and smiled in anticipation of the fun part to come. On the schematic sketches of the building it showed that this room in particular was directly below the statue area and a ventilation system, which started from here, ran throughout the entire museum's walls. Lucky for me I had a small figure and I could squeeze through the narrow ducts. I quickly found the vent and opened the dusty grate but just as I was slipping in I heard the lock on the door I had just entered snick and the silent whoosh of sound as the door slowly opened. I quickly moved further down so I was shrouded in darkness and pulled the grate closed behind me. I held my breath as a figure walked past slowly, too slowly and stealthily to be an employee or guard and I couldn't help but notice that this figure looked familiar. Oh hell no! I recognised the unruly bronze hair that was sticking out from under his black baseball cap, the colour so unique and ingrained into my brain that I would surely never forget whose head it sat on top of. It was the one and only Edward Cullen, professional thief, sex god and the bane of my existence. This man was intolerable at times and completely panty soaking at others, but to me he was an extremely annoying rival that always seemed to snatch up the best jobs before I had even heard about them. Don't get me wrong I was astounded by some of his work and how he managed to remain stealthy and unheard with his height and build. He was fairly tall, standing at least a head and a half taller than me, had broad shoulders and was leanly muscled which meant he looked astonishing in a tux. This I knew for a fact. Even though I would love to stay and watch the way the material clung to his thighs like a second skin there was no way that he was getting this statue before me. Not this time. He'd pulled this annoying stunt more than once, I'd no sooner managed to bypass several layers of security only to find the smug bastard had already come and gone leaving behind a single white rose in the objects place knowing I'd show up eventually. How he knew the timing's of my heists would probably haunt me forever. Unfortunately I would have to push all thoughts of that infuriating man and his past antics away for a later time, right now I had to get my focus back if I was to beat him there. I was also getting slightly claustrophobic anyway. Sliding along on my stomach I counted the openings until I came to the duct I was looking for. This particular one ran vertically and led to the opening that ran horizontally adjacent to the statue room, reaching down to my heels I spun the dial until it was on my selection of choice and I felt as my boots switched to a stronger traction. Snapping open my hand-held grippers I placed them on the metal walls and lifted myself to a standing position and inched my way up after taking a deep steadying breath, the higher I went the more damage would occur if I fell. I was careful where I placed my feet on either side of the duct and only moved when I felt the tread of my boots become tacky, quickly but carefully ascending the tight space. What felt like hours but was only minutes later I came across the vent I was after, I made sure I locked the grippers in place and put all of my energy into my legs as they would be the only things holding me in place for a few minutes. When I made sure that I wasn't slipping I felt around the wall and pushed finding myself in a dim light as the grate swung open, their one flaw in this set up had been made in the construction phase. This vent I was currently occupying was the only vent in the room and they had placed it directly underneath the only camera in the room. At night it was switched to infrared mode which meant that the slightest glimpse of body heat would set off a silent alarm so leaning slightly out of the vent I made sure to remain below the lens and after getting my phone and cable out once more I filmed the room for two minutes. Replaying the clip first to make sure it was steady and then connecting it to the back of the camera. I made