Tracker Jacker Hallucination -All Peeta can hear through the ringing in his ears is laughter. Everyone around him is laughing, and they're laughing at him. Laughing at the way Haymitch and Haymitch are pinning his arms down, laughing at the way Gale is fucking his already cum filled asshole, laughing at the way he's crying. "Your pussy is so fucking tight, Mellark," Gale grunts from behind him, lasting a few more harsh thrusts before he's shooting off into Peeta and adding another load of hot cum to his sloppy hole. The other boys erupts in cheers as Gale dumps his load into their new bitch, and Peeta barely gets a second to breathe before Gale's monster cock is replaced with another. "What a pretty little pussy," Haymitch coos as he kneels between Peeta's legs, running the tip of his thick cock over Peeta's gaping, cum slicked asshole. The stretched muscles clench and unclench under his gaze, and a gush of cum oozes out everytime he exhales, until Finncik pushes the head of his cock inside, blocking it's path and pushing it back inside. "Knock the bitch up!" Haymitch advises from the sidelines, jerking off as he watches the boys abuse Peeta's ass. "You know it," Gale promises, burying his entire length inside Peeta. Peeta wakes up with a start, his breathing heavy, his cock hard, and his asshole aching. It's the third time this week he's woken up needing a load, after becoming this way when the Capitol poisoned him and made him addicted to cum with tracker jacker venom, and it's the third time he's found himself slipping out of bed and quietly making his way to Haymitch's room down the hall. He lets himself in, closing and locking the door behind him before he crawls into Haymitch's bed and shakes him away. "Haymitch. Haymitch! Haymitch, I need you. Now ." "Peeta?" Haymitch groans out as he starts to come to, opening his eyes to find Peeta kneeling naked in his bed. "Jesus, again?" Peeta bites his lip and nods, ashamed at how badly he needs Haymitch right now. "God, you're such a fucking slut." "Please," he begs, tugging on Haymitch's sheets to expose the older boy. "Alright, alright," Haymitch relents, pushing himself up and throwing his sheet to the side. "Don't be such a little bitch about it. Get on your stomach." Peeta immediately throws himself face down on the bed, reaching behind his back to grip and spread his ass cheeks for Haymitch. The older boy pulls his boxers off and laughs at the sight in front of him. "Such an eager little cumslut, aren't you, Peeta?" "Yes," Peeta admits, spreading himself wider when he feels the bed dip between his legs as Haymitch kneels behind him. Haymitch fists his cock hard as he unceremoniously shoves two fingers inside Peeta's exposed hole, his opening perpetually stretched after getting fucked daily over the last few weeks. "You used to have such a tight little pussy, but now I barely have to work your cumhole at all to fit my big dick in there." The way Peeta moans at Haymitch's fingers contradicts the way he reddens in shame at his words, and Haymitch just shakes his head at what a pathetic, needy mess Peeta has turned into, slipping his digits out of his ass. Peeta bucks his ass out when he's empty, desperately needing to be filled immediately. Usually Haymitch would make him beg, but he's tired and peope are sleeping right next door, so he decides to just give Peeta what he craves, lining his cock up and shoving it inside. "Fuck yeah, give it to me, Haymitch," Peeta cries out, squeezing his eyes shut as Haymitch starts to thrust into him. Haymitch is one of the best fucks of all the guys who have been helping him, he isn't the best, that honor belongs to Gale and Finnick, but he's Peeta's favorite. He cums fast, he cums hard, and he cums a lot. And that's what Peeta craves. That feeling of a hot, fresh load of cum inside his asshole; the way it feels as it's shot into him, the way it feels as it leaks out. He aches for it, has for the past few months, since the Capitol made him addicted to it. "You love getting fucked by my big dick, don't you, Peeta?" Haymitch mocks, canting his hips into Peeta's round ass sloppily. He presses down on the small of Peeta's back, the heels of his hands digging into his soft skin as he pushes his weight down onto the boy, starting to fuck him harder. "Getting your slutty little cunt full of my cum." "God yes!" Peeta moans, pushing his ass out to meet each one of Haymitch's thrusts, his own cock rubbing between his stomach and the mattress underneath him. "Fill me up with your cum, please, Haymitch, please. Please, please, please, please." Haymitch grits his teeth as his balls start to tighten already, Peeta's pathetic begging always a major turn on, and he gets a few more thrust in before his cock flares and burst, shooting his warm load into Peeta's pussyhole. "Oh fuck ," he cries out as he empties himself, his body jerking as he spurts into Peeta, the boy's clenching hole sucking him dry. "So good," Peeta mumbles, feeling the tension in his stomach fade away as Haymitch fills his needy hole up and gives him his fix. His body goes slack as he relaxes, not even flinching when Haymitch pulls out. Haymitch lets Peeta have his moment, watching as he clenches his hole tight to keep Haymitch's huge load tucked inside of him, before he notices the time and nudges the boy's thighs. "Dude, it's almost five. Get out of my bed before you jizz all over it. And don't wake me up again! I don't care how badly you need a load, go to Gale's room, but let me have a day off." Peeta promises not to bug him for the rest of the day, and scrambles off the bed, quickly leaving Haymitch's room and slipping back into his own before he can leave a white trail in his path. Once he's safely back in his room, he throws down a towel in bed, and gets back in, finally letting himself unclench. Leaning back, Peeta spreads his legs and starts stroking his cock, closing his eyes as he concentrates on the amazing feeling of Haymitch's cum slowly oozing out of his freshly fucked hole. Now all Peeta can think about is filling his pussyhole with hot cum. Sometimes if he's lucky, he's been able to get in a quickie with one of the guys just before taking to anybody he knows, and he can spend the forty minutes or so feeling the cum inside of him leaking out and filling his underwear, his sloppy fucked hole satisfied for the time being. Those are the good times, and he can even muster up the attention span to retain a thing or two, and talk to people such as Katniss. But the other days are harder. If he isn't able to get his fix, he can't think about anything but getting his hole filled. His mind will wonder as he frantically plans how to get a load, which person is doing whatt, and who would be his best option to go to. He sometimes gets breathless as he thinks about it, his asshole clenching in need and he face reddening in shame when the girl next to him in the medical ward asks him if he's okay. It had started out gradually at first. After being rescued from the Capitol, it took two weeks for Peeta to admit how much he'd been craving a nice hot load in his ass. He tried sleeping with girls, but it had lost its appeal. They couldn't give him what he needed, only boys could. So finally, one day, he had broken down in front of Gale and begged him to fuck him again, and it went from there. He doesn't know when he got this addicted to the feeling, but he can barely go a couple hours without getting a load pounded into him anymore. And he's just about to hit the two hour mark. Moving down the hall, Peeta mentally went through the list of options in his head before he spotted Beetee parked at the end of the hall, talking to Gale and Plutarch, and makes a beeline for him. "Hey guys," he greets them in a rush, immediately gripping the handles of Beetee's wheelchair. "I need to borrow my man Beetee here for a bit." Smirking knowingly at Peeta, Gale waves him off. "That's fine. We understand." Peeta freezes for a moment, feeling his face turn pink under Plutarch's gaze. He's the only guy outside of the peoople who fuck him that knows about his obsession after finding Finnick and Gale double teaming him, and he loves to tease him about it – it's always lighthearted though, not like the way the other guys mock him as they're fucking him. That turns him on, despite the shame, while Plutarch's ribbing just makes his ears burn. Avoiding Plutarch's gaze, Peeta quickly pushes Haymitch down the hall and towards the empty choir room. Once inside, he lets the boy roll himself the rest of the way while he locks the door behind them. "Look, Beetee, man, I need-" Peeta starts to explain as he turns around, but stops when he finds that Beetee already has his pants undone and his dick out. "I know what you need," he laughs, parking his chair and beckoning the blonde over. "But we don't got a lot of time, so you better hurry up and get me hard or you're going empty." Not wasting a moment, Peeta strides forward and drops down in front of Beetee's chair, swiftly tugging his trousers and underwear down his thighs to get better access to his cock. Once he's free, he engulfs it with his mouth, easily fitting Beetee's soft cock inside. He works the head first, massaging and teasing his slit with his tongue before working down his steadily growing shaft, feeling it harden under his lips. He can feel Beetee's hand in his hair, pushing his head down so that he's stuffed his entire length in his mouth, the tip poking the back of his throat. He can barely hear Beetee is mumbling above him, his own gagging and choking drowning it out, but the boy finally lets him loose after a few more moments, releasing his head and letting him pull back and breathe. "You take it better in the ass, Mellark," Beetee chuckles, glancing down at his spit covered cock, hard and ready. "So let's go, stand up and get those pants down. I wanna see that pretty pink pussy of yours." Peeta scrambles to his feet, frantically undoing his jeans and pushing his underwear down his thighs, turning around and bending over so Haymitch can inspect his hole. "Jesus, look at that sloppy cumhole. I remember how tight you were that first day I fucked you, and now you're gaping. Why is that, Mellark?" Peeta mumbles out the answer he knows Beetee wants to hear, but it's not good enough. "What was that?" "Because I'm a cumslut," Peeta admits louder, ready to do anything it takes to get Beetee's dick inside of him right now. "That's a good little bitch," Haymitch praises, running his hand over Peeta's round ass, easily slipping two fingers inside Peeta. He only pumps in and out of him for a moment before pulling back out and fisting his meat. "Well come on, Peetaantha. Back dat ass up already if you want dis dick. We're running out of time." Seeing that they only have a few minutes now, Peeta quickly moves back, spreading Beetee's legs apart and dropping back into his lap, letting the other man guide his cock