tracing steps with you Dawn is breaking; dew is covering the heaps of stones around them as well as the high tree trunks towering like giants. It's almost magical, Bella thinks, like in the old tales of faeries and monsters. She thinks she can see wisps of light hiding in the shadows of dark roots and hear soft, alluring tittering from the tree tops. They'll have to get back soon. They shouldn't even be here this time of the night. Yes, the quaint Scottish village they've booked for their honeymoon is sleepy and peaceful, but the surrounding grave mounds and forests are a tourist hotspot – forbidden to enter after nightfall. "Stop it..." Bella exclaims when Jacob whistles at the moon disappearing between the first rays of sunlight. "You're not a wolf." She smirks and her groom laughs. "How do you know?" he answers, traipsing around the mounds, turning off the flashlight in his hand. Soon it will be morning, and with golden sunrays, the magic will vanish. The world will return to its grey-tinged tristesse. Bella still isn't quite sure this whole marriage was the right decision. But he's always been the only guy who paid her any attention in her dad's rotten hometown, and hey, he's better than nothing. And she likes him. She really does. He makes her laugh occasionally and he's tall, dark, and handsome. Bella's a lucky girl. She really is. "We should go," she tells him, "don't want them to catch us." The first caretakers of the forest-park-thing would arrive soon and they definitely wouldn't take kindly to a young couple trespassing by night. Jacob just shrugs. There's a brand new TV in their hotel room and she knows he's been itching to try it out. "Yeah, all right. One more mound and we'll leave." Bella assumes that's the best she'll get, so when she reluctantly shrugs, Jacob is already running over another hill. She follows him and when she reaches the top, she inhales sharply. It's huge. It's beautiful. It's eerie. Jacob senses it as well, it seems; he's stopped right next to her and looks down. It's nothing like Stonehenge, but this stone circle could stand its own in a fight to the death between stone circles. Some stones have fallen over, covered in moss and mushrooms, and the half-light illuminates it in an otherworldly blue tinge. Grass doesn't seem to grow near it. The cacophony of early birdsong that has followed them so far has suddenly fallen silent. There are groups of small bones clustered on the stones, and Bella prays those are a goat's bones or a sheep's. But the strangest thing is the faint whispering coming from its center, drawing her forward even when Jacob, sweating, tries to grab her hand and pull her back. She swats his hand away and moves forward with a purpose, although she doesn't know what it is, exactly. Jacob's voice cracks but she doesn't even hear him over the blood rushing in her head. She steps forward again. The moss makes soft noises beneath her feet and a single red ray of sunlight falls on the heart of the stone circle. Another step forward and she's standing inside the circle. Bella is distantly aware of Jacob running after her but pausing; she is drawn to that single ray of sunlight and gingerly steps forward. Then she can't hear anything anymore. She goes blind and deaf and numb and when she closes her eyes, she doesn't open them again for a long, long time. It's noon by the time she wakes up. She's lying in the middle of the stone circle and feels as if she's just been hit by a rocket launcher. In fact, several rocket launchers. And two tanks. And a few assorted pills for good measure. She tries to sit up and wavers, but somehow manages to succeed. The sun is shining brightly and there's not a single person in sight. The trees around her are looking a bit different, she notices, but still there's no birds singing, although she's sure they should be singing. "Hello?" Bella calls out. Silence is the only answer she receives. Her throat is parched and this is worse than the morning after she'd had a whiskey (a whole bottle of whiskey, it should be noted) and had lain in bed for at least seven hours, nursing a spectacular hangover. It's a miracle but somehow, she manages to stand up without falling. She staggers out of the stone circle. "Jacob?" she calls, but somehow in her heart, she knows he's far, far away. She climbs the hill and there's nobody around. Not a single tourist. Nothing. Nobody. "Hello?" she calls out again and grows uneasier with every passing moment. She climbs down the hill and another, and another, and another. Civilization has vanished. Birds have begun to sing again and small creatures shuffle beneath the leaves covering the ground, but there are no sounds of humans. Somehow, Bella ends up in a small clearing. She remembers that clearing. It's where the tickets for the burial mound landscape were being sold. Now, there's nothing. She sits down and cries. Something has happened; she doesn't know what; it scares her to death. Bella sniffles and then decides that she can't give up just yet. She'll find something. Someone. Then, she looks up, and it's as if the air's knocked out of her. There is someone. He's tall and pale and he's got dark hair. He stands in the shadow of an old, huge tree; almost invisible, shrouded in this hidden spot. His appearance is strange, alien, somehow more mysterious than the stone circle. His clothes look old, but not worn; in fact, ancient. Bella never paid much attention in history class but that is renaissance fair stuff. Who wears a kilt these days? But somehow, it's not a bad look on the man. She doubts anything could look bad on him. His cheekbones are high and as pronounced as his jawline; his hair seems to shimmer; his eyes... his eyes... He's watching her. Her heart flutters. "Who-" she begins. The man turns around and vanishes. Bella sits on the hard ground for another few moments. By then, the appearance has turned to a dreamlike feeling in her gut. She isn't even sure if he was real or just a figment of her desperation. She gets up and starts walking. By the time her eyes see something akin to civilization, it's almost twilight. Not that this sprawling village in the shadow of a grey, looming castle could qualify as civilization in her books. It looks as if it's from another century. The first person apart from the dreamlike creature she meets is a woman of middleish age, thick around the waist and with laugh lines etched into her face; her shaggy brown hair is bound back and she carries a wooden basket from the forest Bella has emerged from as well. "Who're you, gal," the woman greets her, and there's suspicion shining in small eyes, "never seen you before around here. And what're you wearing?" Bella could ask the woman the very same question – she, too, looks like she either just escaped from the renaissance fair or from the set of a movie called The Black Plague – Medieval Times suck . Bella's wearing skinny jeans and a white cotton shirt with the words 'You've cat to be kitten me right meow' printed on it, as well as a tight blue jacket. The shirt is a wedding present from her father. Sometimes she really doesn't know what's going on in that man's head. Anyways, there's really nothing unusual about this outfit. "Yeah. I dunno either. My dad thought it'd be funny. He's a bit strange sometimes." The woman looks at her as if she's a particularly complex physics lesson. Somehow, it doesn't lessen her suspicion. "Where'd you left your skirt?" the woman asks. They arrive at the outskirts of the village, and Bella sees more and more people clothed this strangely. She starts to feel somehow out of place. (She doesn't feel out of time, though. Not yet.) She crosses her arms in front of her chest. "I don't like wearing skirts," she merely states. The woman narrows her eyes. "Where you from where they don't wear skirts?" The Scottish accent is thick; thicker than Bella's ever heard before. "Forks," Bella replies curtly. Then, suddenly, there's a man grabbing her arm. "Abigail, who's this?" he asks the woman walking with her, who looks relieved. The man – rather, boy – is tall and as pretty as a girl, with red hair and a tuft of beard and – he's wearing a kilt as well. "I'm Bella S- Bella Black," she replies instead of the woman. "I'm from Forks if you wanna know that too and please let go of my arm." The boy looks at her closer. He can't be older than sixteen. "You're not from here?" he asks. Bella shakes her head, slightly exasperated. She just said that! "She could be a spy," the woman tells him. He nods abruptly. "You're coming with me," he tells her and drags her along. She yelps, and he lets go, casting his eyes down in a silent apology. Bella shrugs. Fine, she'll go with him, but only because she has no other idea where to go. Except to find that man with the dark hair and pale skin. She wouldn't mind finding him. "Thank you, Jamie," says an old bearded man in a grey room. The sunlight stops right in front of his window and it's unusually dark, unusually damp in the room. He eyes her much with the same suspicion the other people have so far presented her with. It only makes Bella want to raise her head higher and stand straighter. "You may leave." The boy bows and vanishes. Bella regrets it. He's quite young, but she bets he's got a ton of village girls admiring him. Besides, he seemed the kindest of all the people she's met so far. The door closes behind Jamie. Bella has to face the old man, who introduces himself as Colum MacKenzie, alone. Her dad is a policeman, and she knows interrogations, but she's never seen such a thorough one. The man wants to know everything about her. She tells him freely enough: her origin, her name, her friends, her education, her reason for being in Scotland, and then even Jacob, and that she's sorry for staying in the burial mounds park after dark, she really is, and if he's got a phone she could use? It turns out that surprisingly, Mr Renaissance Fair here in his ancient castle does not own a phone. Or a fax. Or one of these computers Bella's dad sometimes uses at work. When she asks to send a letter to the United States, he looks at her as if she's asked him to cross-dress and dance the hula in front of her. Instead, he tells her that he suspects her to be an English spy. She points at her decidedly American accent. He doesn't trust her. She tells him that she just started studying medicine and that she really needs to get in touch with her husband. "I have neither heard of you, Bella Black, nor of this Jacob Black. Your name and your clothes are very foreign. I would like to believe you, but..." Bella doesn't like his tone, vaguely threatening and menacing, and she decides to interrupt him. "You're in pain, right? Your joints are swollen. Gout. It's worse when the weather's bad. I can help you. Not well, obviously, since I doubt you got any vic, but I believe there's some adequate substitutes I can help you with. Just let me contact my dad, all right?" The man – MacKenzie – looks at her completely dumbfounded. Then he nods, seemingly to himself, and calls another man's name. A tall man, wearing a kilt