Edward "Daddy, catch me!" Oh shit, not this again , I thought. "Charlie, you can't fly!" "I'm not Charlie; I Tink." I stared at my little girl as she climbed onto the kitchen stool. She was wearing her Tinker Bell costume and was going to try to fly; for the third time that morning. I stood in front of the stool and watched her. "Charlotte Emily Cullen get down here this instant!" I scolded. The moment I saw the scheming grin on her face I knew I'd chosen the wrong words. Charlie jumped; I caught her and stumbled back wards a little. "Again?" she asked and I shook my head. "No, Princess we need to get ready." She started to pout and I couldn't help it. I put her back on the chair. As soon as we made eye contact the pout disappeared and she grinned, jumping into my outstretched arms. Bella I sighed and looked at my assignments for the day. I was to stay in Fantasyland all day today; and I had to wear the yellow dress. That damn dress was going to be the death of me. I leaned my head on the wall and gave myself a pep talk. "It could be worse, it could be worse." So I turned and went to the makeup and wardrobe department. "Hi, Bella, what'll it be today?" Alice asked me. She was the best makeup artist here; and made all of us role players look the part. "Yellow dress," I sighed. When I wore the simple, blue dress, I didn't have to be fancy. My hair was simply pulled back. But with the yellow ball gown, it had to be curled and piled high on top of my head. Don't get me wrong, I loved my job. What girl could say that she got to be a princess every day? Or even be a princess that some many other little girls look up to? It was certainly interesting. Edward "All I'm saying is that you should get back out there," my agent, Rosalie, was saying as I talked to her on my phone. I rolled my eyes at her comment. She had been telling me that for almost a year. As soon as I had finished writing my latest book, it was the only thing for her to nag me about. "I don't need to date, Rose, I have Charlie to think about," I said, glancing in the rearview mirror and seeing my girl wave at me. "Well, just think about it okay? That actress Tanya has expressed her interest and it might be good publicity for the book." "The book isn't coming out for four more months, and my fans will buy it whether I'm dating Tanya West or not." "Whatever you say Ed. Now try not to get into too much trouble. Emmett and I will be there in five days." "Uh-huh." "Bye." "Bye." I hung up the phone and thought about Rose and my brother, Emmett. They got married three years ago and had themselves a son. Charlie loved to play with little Zach; he was almost two. We were on our way to Disney World. It was going to be a family vacation, with a couple signings and conferences thrown in toward the end. I had decided to come with Charlie a few days early, so we could have alone time. I had to admit that I was just as excited as she was. The first and last time I had been there was when I was seven and Emmett threw up on me. This time was bound to be much better than the last. As I drove the rental car up to the park, Charlie let out a squeal. "Daddy! Look, Daddy!" I glanced in the rear view and saw her straining against her seat belt to get a better view. I laughed and found a parking space. When I unbuckled her, Charlie practically jumped out of the car. I had to grab her by her shirt to keep her from making a run for it. She huffed and looked up at me. Those big green eyes were exactly like my own and I hated it. I used those same eyes to get my way with my parents when I was her age and now she was doing it to me. "Charlie, remember what I told you." I said. "Charlie can't run away from Daddy," she repeated. "That's right, Baby Girl, now stand right there so I can get the bag." I reached into the car to get the backpack I'd stuffed with everything I thought we needed. Out of the corner of my eye, I still watched Charlie. She was bouncing up and down, her strawberry blonde curls going everywhere. I opened a pocket of the bag and took out a hair elastic. Rose always teased me for having to do this. She said I had no 'hair talent' at all. So it was always a pony tail or pig tails for Charlie, unless Auntie Rose did her hair. I wasn't going to complain, I thought she looked fucking adorable with pig tails. "Let me do your hair, Charlie," I said. My five year old grimaced and I rolled my eyes. Rose had been telling her to be wary of my 'hair-doing'. "Will we get to meet princesses?" Charlie asked. I crouched down and she turned and stood between my legs. "Yes, I'm sure we will." I gathered up her curls and put them in the pony tail holder. "Do you think we gonna see Belle?" "No. Only little girls who listen to their daddy can see Belle." Charlie's eyes narrowed, like she was trying to decide if I was serious or not. "But I do listen!" I laughed and picked her up. I nuzzled my nose against hers and could see the freckles on the top of her cheeks. "Come on, let's go." I started to walk toward the entrance and she wiggled. "I can walk, Daddy!" I looked at her firmly. "If you walk, you have to hold my hand," I said as I put her down. She nodded and held tightly onto my hand. When we got into the park I looked around. It was still fairly early. They had only been open for about half of an hour. However, there seemed to be a lot of people already. I wondered if they'd recognize me. Today was meant to be a day with Charlie, not with fans. I loved my fans, but I loved my little girl more. We started the day in Adventureland. Three people came up to us, but other than that we were left alone. I think most of the people that did recognize me understood that this was my vacation. I was spending quality time with my daughter. "Daddy, I'm hungry," Charlie said when we got off of the magic carpet ride. "Where do you want to eat?" We started walking out of Adventureland and she looked around her. "Over there!" She pointed toward the castle and I nodded. It was the time I had anticipated; time to go to Fantasyland. When we entered Fantasyland the first thing we saw was Snow White. Charlie was excited and she quickly dragged me over to her. I took her picture with Snow White and then asked if there was somewhere with pizza. My girl's eyes lit up at the mention of her favorite dish and Snow White gestured toward a little restaurant. As we sat down at the Pinocchio Village Haus, I looked at the camera. We had gotten pictures with so many characters already, but not Belle. Charlie's favorite princess was Belle. She watched Beauty and the Beast almost every day. It was good for me, because when I needed to write I knew that I could simply turn on that movie and I'd have peace for at least an hour. "What kind of pizza do y'all want?" a waitress asked. I ordered pepperoni and she walked away. I looked across the table and Charlie had her chin in her hands and was looking at me funny. "What? Do I have something in my nose?" I asked, she laughed and shook her head. "Do you like girls, Daddy?" she asked. "You're the only girl I like. Other girls are icky." I wrinkled my nose and Charlie giggled. "Be serious." "Of course I like girls, sweetie." "You like them how you liked Mommy?" We had a staring match; how was I going to tell her that I never really liked her mother? I knew that one day I would need to explain that her mother and I weren't technically dating when she was conceived. She would need to know that after she was born, Jane didn't care. That's why she kept getting drunk and partying. I'd have to tell her that when her mother died in the car accident it was because she'd been out drinking and driving instead of at home taking care of her. But looking across the table at her, I felt like I may never tell her those things because how could I? "Yes, I like them like I liked Mommy," I said, deciding at that moment to not confuse her. "Will I get a new mommy?" Probably not , I thought; but I smiled and said, "Maybe, someday." "I want a princess for a mommy," Charlie said, leaning back and nodding her head once. She returned to coloring on the activity placemat and I smiled. After we ate we journeyed back into Fantasyland. We saw Princess Jasmine for the second time that day, but Charlie was looking for Belle. After we got off the carrousel, she froze. I looked at her, curious, when all of a sudden she was running. "Damn it, Charlie," I said as I ran after her. I felt panic; what if I lost her? I could still see her up ahead and as I looked to where she was going, it finally made sense. When I caught up to her, I picked her up and looked at her. "Don't you remember me saying that Belle only sees girls that listen to their daddy?" Charlie bit her lip and nodded. "Charlotte, if you ever run away like that again we're leaving and going home." She nodded her head again. I hugged her tightly, and waited until the fear of losing her faded away. Then, I started walking toward the woman in the big yellow ball gown. From far away I couldn't really tell what she looked like, all I saw was that bright dress. However, as we got closer I saw how beautiful she really was. Charlie started to squirm so I set her down, but made sure to hold her hand tight as I could. "Why, hello!" Belle said to us when we approached her. I just stared at her. The make up made her look flawless, but I felt like she would be beautiful without it. She smiled, and crouched down, opening her arms wide. Charlie looked up at me and I nodded, letting go off her hand. "Hi, Belle," Charlie said as she hugged her. The woman hugged my little girl right back and I felt warm inside. "What's your name, princess?" Belle asked. "Charlotte Emily Cullen," Charlie said, surprising me that she'd given her the full name. The woman laughed, it was melodic. "That's a lovely name." "We call her Charlie," I spoke up. For the first time, the woman looked at me and I saw some form of recognition on her face. "Of course! I know you two. Your daddy writes books!" "How did you know?" Charlie was in awe, staring up at her with the biggest grin on her face. "Because I love to read, Charlie!" "You're my favorite, Belle," Charlie said and the woman smiled. In my head, I really did think of her as Belle. She was beautiful and so she deserved