ONE SHOT... Bella is away for the last week of the school year visiting her mum. Edward is a junior and Emmett is a senior. Alice can't tell the future in this fic, I did this so the story could work. Vampires can get hurt in this fic, I did this once again so it could work Edward was lonely without Bella here, his brothers and sisters all had each other and since Bella wasn't here, he had no one. He wasn't what you would call social either in fact he didn't get along with anyone else, he was an outcast, a Cullen, no oneassociated themselves with the Cullen's, Edward didn't know why they didn't bite... well not humans at least. Edward saw that class was nearly over and gave a happy sigh one more class and the day would be over and he could do what he wanted without having to sit in class hearing all the stupid things going through kids head I wonder if Bella's thinking of me? That one was Mike Newton, Edward rolls his eyes it was so hard to have to listen to Mike thinking about his girlfriend like that. I wish Mike would look at me the way he looks at Bella, I'm prettier and captain of the volleyball team. Edward as well... I had a thing for him for ages and apparently, I wasn't good enough for him. Jessica Stanley that one was obvious, she always thought that she was above Bella, Edward didn't get it. I wonder if I could bench press more than Mike? Tyler Crowley, Mikes best friend and a fellow jerk, he often thought cruel things about him as well as Mike, they were both as bad as the other when it came to their opinion on Edward. God these kids are pissing me off today, can't they just shut up for 5 minutes. Mr Molina was the only one in the entire class making any sense, Edward had already finished his work but no one else had, they hardly ever did. Suddenly the bell rings and Edward happily jumps out of his seat and exits the classroom giving a small wave of thanks to his teacher Edward walked out of Bio and felt eyes on him, he also heard the voices running through his head, this mind reading thing was seriously annoying sometimes. No Bella? Doesn't he have any other friends? What a freak! The last one was Mike Newton, geez that guy hated him. All he would ever think was how much of a freak he was and how he didn't deserve Bella. Edward walked into the boy's bathroom and went over to the sink, he threw water over his face andgave a heavysigh. He guessed he would be eating lunch with his brothers and sisters. "Oi freak." Came a voice, groaning Edward turned around and rolled his eyes. "What Newton?" He growls. Mike smirked lightly as Tyler followed him. "You know you don't deserve her right?" Mike laughs shaking his head with joy. Edward gritted his teeth together, this Newton guy really pisses him off, his mind was full of Bella and how she should be with him. "Oh yeah, and you do?" Edward hisses, he didn't know what was so good about this guy... sure he was on the football team and really popular, but why? He was a jerk. "Yeah, I do because unlike you, I'm not a freak." Mike sneers, Edward was sick of everyone calling him a freak. He didn't get what was so freaky about him. "No, you're just a jerk." Edward hisses, trying to push past them but is shoved back by Tyler. "I've never heard of you getting in a fight, in fact, you don't even take gym, I bet I could beat the crap out of you." Mike chuckles as Edward stands there breathing heavily. Don't hit him. With your vampire strength, it'll be suspicious. "Yeah, come on Cullen.. hit me," Tyler smirks as he stands in front of Edward grinning stupidly. "Forget it I'm not going to stoop to your level." Edward huffs trying again to push past but is punched in the face hard, God even though he was a vampire it still hurt. "Come on Eddie, fight back ya loser." Mike sneers as he continues to punch Edward in the face, turning it black and blue. "Edward." Edward gritted his teeth, he hated that name so much, everyone called him Eddie, especially his brothers when they were teasing him. "Hit me back," Mike yells now kicking Edward. Edward found it so hard not to fight but he couldn't, he can't control it... he would hurt Mike bad maybe even kill him. "Come on Eddie, fight like a man!" Tyler yells kicking Edward hard. Edwards' stomach ached, in fact, his whole body did. He just wanted it to stop. "Leave it at that, the freaks not going to hit back because he's a little girl." Mike laughs as he kicks Edward one last time, leaving him groaning. Edward pushed himself up and slumps off to the lunchroom, keeping his head down until he reached the table that his brothers and sisters were sitting at. Ha, he got a beating! One voice came, Edward hated this whole mind reading thing sometimes all it meant was that he could know what people thought of him, and sometimes he wished he could switch it off. Wonder who did it? I hope he's okay . Angela Weber, a really nice girl... One of the nice ones, she was kind to him and never thought of him as a freak or a loser. "Edward... look at me," Emmett whispers, his brother hadn't looked up from his lap, he was concerned. Was it Bella or something else? Edward didn't want to look up, they would all see the bruises and fix it for him and once again be seen as the little brother. "Edward... Ed... Eddie, look at me." Emmett instructs grabbing Edwards head and turning it towards him, Rosalies eyes widen, Jasper drops his spoon, Alice lets out a gasp and Emmett breathes out angrily. "Who?" He snarls, he needed to know who did this to his little brother, he was bruised badly. This wasn't right, he was going to find the kid and teach him a lesson. "More importantly how? You're a vampire Edward, why on earth didn't you fight back?" Rosalie hisses quietly as much as she and her brother fought she didn't like the thought of him getting beaten up. "Yeah sure and kill them with my vampire strength, great idea!" Edward hisses, he knew the Rosalie was just concerned but he hated that he was always the little brother that had to be looked after, even by his sisters. "Oi Ed, Rose is just concerned." Emmett sighs pointing out what Edward already knew, that Rose just wanted to help. "Yes I know... sorry Rose." Edward mumbles, he knew that they weren't going to leave him alone until he told them what happened and who did it. "Seriously Eddie, who did it?" Emmett asks annoyed that his brother still wasn't talking. "Doesn't matter okay, just forget it." Edward sighs, he refused to look up at any of his siblings, even Alice. "Talk Edward," Emmett instructs wanting his brother to talk. But Edward didn't move let alone talk. "Eddie, spill. I'm the big brother so I'm going to fix it, now who did it?" Emmett growls, he that growling probably wasn't the best idea but his brother had to talk. Edward is saved by the bell. "See you later guys, English." Edward sighs escaping quickly. "Fine but this isn't over." Emmett huffs he turns back to Rosalie and grabs her hand as they walk to History. Alice quickly followed Edward, she had English as well, so at least she could talk to him and try and get it out of him. "Come on Edward. We just want to help." Alice moans as she sits in her seat next to Edwards. "Well I can't be the little brother anymore, I'm sick of it." Edward rolls his eyes, he was older than three out of four of his brothers and sisters with only Jasper being older but somehow, he was the baby, it was annoying. "Edward, you are the youngest though." Alice points out putting on a face to say 'no one can know you're actually the second oldest' "Look I'm fine okay, it'll heal." Edward sighs as he pulls out his copy of Romeo and Juliet, which Alice snatches and holds away from Edward. "Alice, give me it," Edward growls lightly. "No, not until you at least give me a name" Alice smirks and pulls it away again. "Alice." Edward moans but turns away when he sees Mike and Tyler. Alice sees his reaction and turns to him. "Newton?" Alice asks lightly wondering if they were the ones that beat up Edward. "No, it wasn't him, he was just thinking some nasty comments about me that's all." Edward lies, well not really because he was thinking nasty thoughts about him. "Is it annoying hearing all the mean things people think about you?" Alice asks, she knew that a lot of people thought that he was a freak and Alice knew that, that would not be easy for Edward to hear. "What do you think Alice, of course, it is, everyone thinking about what a loser I am." Edward sighs and snatches the book back off Alice. "Edward, you're not a loser alright, don't believe half the things that kids are thinking about you." Alice sighs, she was worried for her brother, he had been hurt and you could see it on his face that it bothered him what people thought about him. "I'm pretty sure, that I am. I mean seriously I get every question right and my only friends are Bella and my family." Edward huffs and opens his book to the page that they are up to. "Yeah but Eddie, we are all the same, you know that," Alice whispers, knowing that all the Cullens got every question right and didn't have any friends except for each other. "Then why don't you guys get hard times. I'm the only one. You guys just go through school and kids leave you alone. They never leave me alone." Edwards sighs and turns to the front of the class when the teacher walks in. Alice doesn't get a chance totalk anymore to him. She can her chuckling behind her and she turns to so see MIke and Tyler smirking. She wants to make Edward talk but as soon as the bell rings he picks up his bag and walks out the door. "Such a freak." Mike laughs along with Tyler and Alice stands up and stares at Mike hard. "Leave my brother alone! Why are you always calling him a freak, what is actually wrong with you?" Alice asks, she was furious how dare anyone make her brother feel this way. "What? No offence but your little brother is a freak. Talk to me when he gets actual friends." Mike laughs. He and Tyler walk away and Alice looks at him with discuss and goes and finds the rest of the family. Edward would have taken his own car homeso he'll be already on his way. Alice walks out to the parking lot to find all of her siblings waiting at the car. "Gezzz Al, what took so long?" Emmett asks. All he wanted to do was to get home and talk to his little brother. Alice wants to mention, Mike but she also knew that Emmett wanted totally to Edward as his older brother and help him through this and she also thought that when Emmett talked to Edward that Edward should be the one to tell Emmett about it. "Sorry, I just got held up." Alice apologises she sits down in the backseat of the car. Everyone else