32 Warnings and Disclaimer: The Twilight stuff belongs to Stephenie Meyer. No copyright infringement is intended. I own Cooking Competition Encounter. Cooking Competition Encounter A/N Thanks to Project Team Beta's ChloeCougar and Mel/mcc101180. BPOV "Hello!" I heard from the door, followed by an immediate loud slam. Jeez. Why had I agreed to room with Alice again? More than once, stuff on the bookcase next to the door had fallen over upon her arrival. Well, maybe it had more to do with the cheap furniture that had to be put together rather than Alice's entrances. What else could college students afford? "I'm in the kitchen," I called. I was waiting for the cabernet to reduce down for the sauce on my burgers. I had been working on this recipe for my chance to win a hundred thousand dollars. Alice entered and leaned against the counter next to the stove, peeking around to see what was cooking. "That smells SO good! What's this recipe for?" "It's a gourmet burger for the 'Build the Best Burger' contest. The top prize is a hundred grand," I said as I smiled at her, imagining how that would help with my college loans. She scrunched her forehead. "So you're going to build a Bella burger?" We burst out laughing. "That sounds so wrong, but I'm not really sure why." I laughed as I turned back to the cutting board to chop the shallots. Alice reached for the cheese that I had already sliced, but had left sitting on the counter in its plastic wrapping. "Don't!" I screamed. She dropped it quickly and slowly licked the creamy goodness off her fingers, her eyes widening as she looked at me. "I'm sorry, but I only have enough Camembert for the burgers. All this is pretty expensive." I sighed. I knew it was irresponsible to put recipe ingredients on my credit card. But shallots, Portobello mushrooms, wine and arugula all added up to a pricey grocery bill. I'd be eating ramen noodles for a week. "My bad. I should know better. Do I get to try one?" "Absolutely! Well, half of one." I was only making a recipe for two and would triple the result to enter the contest, since it was supposed to be for six. She nodded and jumped up to sit on the counter. "Good. After all, if it hadn't been for me, you wouldn't have ever entered that first contest to begin with." I smiled. "Yes, I owe it all to you... " I rolled my eyes dramatically. She knew I was kidding, but I really did owe it all to her. She had insisted I enter the National Chicken cooking contest after watching the competition on the Food Network. I had only submitted my recipe to shut her up and was shocked to make the final. Unbelievably, I had come in third place, taking home a five thousand dollar prize. As a result, I had continued entering competitions and had made a bit of a name for myself in the cooking contest world. Nevertheless, a "big" prize had eluded me. Mostly, I just ended up enjoying the free trips and being wined and dined during the competitions. While it was fun, I really, really wanted to win this contest and pay my parents back for college. EPOV I finished chopping the garlic and put it into a small bowl next to the other ingredients laid out in my mise en place . I relished the orderliness of cooking. In a way, it reminded me of how all the instruments were laid out for surgery. While I enjoyed my residency as a cardiac surgeon, following in my father's footsteps, I hated how so many of my patients refused to put limits on their diet. I hoped to help them by creating healthy alternatives. Hamburgers were one of the big offenders, and I knew I could come up with a better option. I started to cut the deer meat into small pieces so I could grind it myself for the venison burgers. I cut rhythmically, in time with the classical music I had playing. This always made the time pass quickly as I cooked. I began to mix the burgers for my recipe after making the pistachio pesto and crumbling the feta. The aroma from the fresh basil lingered in the air. I paused and took a sip of my zinfandel. Yes, food should be enjoyed, relished even, but within limits. To think that so many people ate fast food daily, gobbling greasy hamburgers and fat fried potatoes, made me nauseated. If they saw what this food left in their bodies, veins clogged almost closed completely with the remnants of what they consumed, they would never eat that way again. I enjoyed my work, but in a way, I wished it was unnecessary. If people ate better food, they would not need someone like me to perform heart bypass surgery. The last time I ate red meat, over a decade ago, I was a rebellious teenager, refusing to eat the healthy food my mom, Esme, always cooked. It was intriguing to come up with a recipe and compete, but I really wanted to win to show my parents that I now embraced their philosophy on eating. Actually, I had taken it further. BPOV Alice and I brought the plates from the kitchen, each with half a burger on them. Rose and Jessica looked at the food with evaluating expressions. "So... this is supposed to be a fancy gourmet burger, right?" "Yes, Jess," I said. I didn't like her all that much, but she still hung out with us at UDub occasionally, since we all came from Forks. Begrudgingly, I had to admit she had an excellent palate. She gave me good comments about my food on a regular basis. "I like the bright arugula and tomato on top, contrasting with the more neutral colors of the burger. We eat with our eyes first." Alice looked over at me, and I tried to keep from rolling my eyes. Jess heard someone say that on TV and used the phrase every time we started to eat. We each picked up our half-a-burger at the same time, glancing at each other before taking a bite in unison. "Mmm..." we all moaned together. We sounded like some porn movie. "Bella, this is so good," Alice mumbled as she licked the melted cheese from the side of her mouth. "How do you put these decadent concoctions together?" I thought about that as I slowly chewed, enjoying the mingling of flavors from the richness of the Camembert, the tartness of the dressing, and the crunch of the cashews. "I just close my eyes and imagine tasting the food, the combinations and how they would taste on my tongue, lingering as I chew." I realized my eyes were still closed and opened them suddenly, only to see all my friends staring at me. I blushed and tried to find the right words, shrugging. "I think food is a visceral experience." Rose blinked. "I guess. You kinda made me hot for you! And I've never had a thing for women." "Good to know," I said as I smirked at her, although I hated to think what Emmett would have to say about this. He would probably tease me about a threesome. We tried to eat slowly, enjoying every bite. I leaned back in my chair, enjoying my full stomach, and watched my girls chat and laugh. Good food and good friends - this was perfect. EPOV I sat at my mahogany dining table and eyed my concoction. The burger was a perfect collaboration of lean meat and vegetables, with just a bit of low fat cheese to add an extra zing. I took a bite, chewing slowly to let the flavors meld as I enjoyed the blend. This would be a burger worthy of the competition. I finished most of it and then brought what was left to the garbage disposal, scraping it off the plate. I flipped on the switch and added the other five burgers, breaking them apart to fit down the drain more easily. It was important to practice the recipe for six, since that was what was required for the entry. Too bad there had been no one else here to enjoy it. I guess I could have invited my parents and not wasted the food, but they had a social engagement this evening. I sighed. It would be nice to have a social life too. The hospital kept me so busy I never seemed to have the time. It had been months since my last date, and that had been a disaster. It was easier to focus on work, spending what little extra time I had exercising... at least that way I was too tired to think about sex. I wanted a wife and family in the future, but I just didn't know how I would achieve that considering how I lived my life today. I was almost thirty. I filled my wine glass and collapsed into my favorite leather chair, continuing to listen to the music. When I woke up to my phone alarm the next morning - I was still there. I guess sleeping in a chair was OK - just as good as a lonely bed - but surely there was someone out there for me? I walked to the kitchen, put my wine glass in the dishwasher and then headed to the shower. BPOV "I GOT IN!" I screamed. Rose and Alice came out of their respective rooms, eyes wide. "Got in what?" "'The Build the Best Burger' contest! I'm a finalist." I performed a happy dance, arms extended, one hand still clutching my cell phone. "I knew you would make it. That burger was decadent. This is the one. I just feel it," Alice said. Still laughing, I excitedly asked, "What do you feel, Alice?" Alice always thought she could predict the future. She was usually wrong. She looked at me with a surprisingly serious expression and stated, "This is a turning point for you, so I guess you're going to win." I looked at her and realized she wasn't joking, but before I could comment, Rose announced, "We need to celebrate. Get dressed and be out here in ten minutes!" I hurried to my room as Alice screamed about not having enough time. I ripped off my t-shirt and changed into a cami, grabbing a sweater to put on over it. I dabbed some concealer under my eyes to cover up the results of my late night paper writing. I loved my girls. I loved my life. Looking in the mirror, I smiled at the result. I looked pretty good. I had a good figure, and my brown hair fell past my shoulders in waves. Now, if only I could find someone to love. Sigh . I was a senior, and I still couldn't seem to find the right person. Rose was head over heels with Emmett and Alice had been dating Tyler for years, but they had just recently broken up. At least she understood my yearning. Three hours later, we were still dancing at our favorite college bar, having consumed the free drinks bought for us by the guys we ran into there. We celebrated, we screamed as we danced, and we finally collapsed in our beds in the wee hours of the morning. I was happy to have such good friends, happy to get a chance to win some college money, but sad that I was alone again. I closed my eyes and hoped to dream of someone who would be my equal, my partner, my lover. Surely there was someone out there for me. EPOV I held my cell phone as close to my ear as possible, my finger in my other ear as I jogged down the hall. "I'm sorry. Who did you say you were?" "I'm Jane,