Disclaimer: I don't own twilight or any of it's characters. That insanely awesome privilege belongs to Mrs. Stephenie Meyer Warning: Mature themes. Read at your own risk. Chapter 1- We call them Lycans. It was a strange word i picked up when i had first been brought here. It took me two whole months to actually learn what it meant and that was first hand. They consider themselves dominant to us. I guess that made sense because we were human and they weren't. I guess in some twisted sense that immediately made them better than us. They were four different clans and one alpha for each, when one died, the eldest child took over. And so one. This way there would be no war amongst them, everyone understood their roles and the rules and no rose against them. Personally i believe that's only because they all feared what might happen to them if they did. In a Lycan clan, the alpha is always the strongest. Hence the title 'Alpha'. They were the biggest, the strongest, the ones with the largest claws and the most painful bite. The alpha normally had darker fur than the rest, and a stronger build. Scary looking people. Trust me, they had no problem eliminating anyone who stood against them. Maggie said that they always looked so mean and tormented because they had seen stuff. Serious stuff and it has changed them. Of course i don't believe her. Not completely though. I wonder how she'd make that up, she didn't have enough imagination to do so. "What's your name girl?" The broccoli looking guard asked me. In his hand was a whip, not the ones they used to whip you when weren't working fast enough. The harder ones. The ones metal claws at the end that would scrap into your back something nasty. The one they would use to deliver a punishment. "Name?" I said, squinting up at him. Three days. No sunlight. No water. No food. I felt like i was dying even though i had endured much worst. "Oh, God! Jonathan Don't tell me you got one of those slaves. She don't even know her name! Hey girl, can you count? Can you say your abc's? Got anything special to yah?" I wanted to punch him. I did in fact know how to count. Almost twenty. Education wasn't something the Lycans allowed to just anyone. You'd have to be real special, you'd have to be able to offer something back. I had nothing. "No!" I said. "Ah, hell. Jonathan throw her in the tomb, we'll find something to do her off with. Can yah cook? Maybe she can work in the kitchen?" The man who was holding me Jonathan. Tugged me up off the ground forcing me to walk on my sore legs. I was sure i had sprained one of them when i was thrown onto the truck and the other when i up a fight(and lost) against the men responisble for taking me to...this guy. The tomb...or whatever was a big metal box that stuck up from under ground. It usually got really hot down there from the sun beating down so heavily. Thank goodness we didn't have to be down there at day. Usually they'd throw you in there during sunshine for minor punishment. However, at night, this is where we called bed and rest. It was deathly in there. It smelled of old vomit and burning plastic. From outside you could hear the cries of the people's torment inside. I was thrown to into a cell with three other girls. I counted their faces the best i could in the dark light. Maggie was the one who looked the youngest. She had a baby face that looked frightened. She huddled the furthest in the corner when i was thrown inside. The dark curls hid her face well, but when she did look at me she had soft hazel eyes and child-like features. Almost like she hadn't quite grown out of baby stages yet. "I won't hurt you!" I promised. She shivered in her corner. "I know." "Then why do you still shake? You all look like..." i was going to say 'You all look like you've seen a ghost.' But that wouldn't be smart consider what they've gone through. "Your eyes." Maggie said in her sweet innocent voice. "Why do they glow?" I paused. My eyes glowing. It wasn't the first time someone told me that they did that and it certainly wouldn't be the last. I knew what that meant and i knew what was coming next. "I don't understand why they do." I told the girls (Mostly maggie) honestly. "But i can tell you to get as far away from me as possible." The tingles started in my legs, making the soreness numb to their touch. Then it traveled to my arms and then i started to shake, i felt myself going into the state where i would no longer have control of myself. "HELL! What;s wrong with you?" A guard called out. My body began to burn, the burning started deep inside me. "YOU JUST GOT HERE! ALREADY YOU'RE STARTING TROUBLE! SOMEBODY?" It was normally the young, experienced guards that had tomb duty. They were told to call someone more intelligent before doing anything. Next there was an arm on me pulling me out of my cell. I spilled the little food i had in my stomach on the man. He cringed. "Fucking disgusting." he slapped me and threw me on the ground. "I'll teach you a fucking lesson." Just as he raised his hand to whip me, Another voice spoke. "What is going on here?" It was a girl. I didn't see her face, before i blacked out. The four clans are: The Bloodroses pack. The eldest of them all and have deep red fur. The Moonstone pack. brown fur. The Bloodmoon pack. Grey fur. And finally, The lotus moon pack. Thought of to be the most ruthless and vicious of them all. Pitch black fur It was very important that the packs don't mix. A member of bloodrose could not mate with one of moonstone and so on. There was something about these bloodlines clashing that scared all 36 elders(Nine elders to a pack) put together therefore they forbid it. This is where I come in. And if you're thinking i'm a hybrid then your wrong. I am something far worst. "Leave her be. Let her rest. She'll wake when she's ready." The girl's voice said once more. "Now leave us. I am prepared to handle her. Oh yes, trust me. I will punish her for her actions." That made me want to stay asleep, but i know she could hear my heart beat rise and fall so i did bother pretending. Lying would grant me something worse. I opened my eyes to see a face that belonged to the voice. She had just closed the doors to her enormous room. "Hello, there young one." She spoke. I shook a little. "You made quite the scene there. I brought you to my room to let you rest it off. Must of took a lot of energy am i correct?" I nod and sit up right. I felt much better. Actually, really, i felt great. I pulled back the blankets to see that i no longer wore my ragged clothes, but something fresher.A white gown that stopped right at my feet. I was surprised at how well it fit me. "Ah, yes. I changed you. I hope you don't mind. If you're worried that i peaked at your naked body then let me put your thoughts to rest and say that yes, i did in fact peak." I blush deep red and stare at my fingers. I hear her stalk over to me. "A virgin's body, is always something beautiful to stare at. Come look at me." She commands. When i don't do it quick enough she grabs my chin and forces me too look at her. She was gorgeous. Waist long brown hair, deep purple eyes, flawless skin, full pink lips. Her body was even more of a sight. Her dress which was red silk hugged her curves perfectly and wad just about as long as mine, so they hid her beautiful legs. "However how special could it be to gaze upon a virgin if others will gaze as well?" She asked her eyes full with curiosity. "Tell me, what shall i call you by?" "A..Alice." I stutter out. She smiles brilliant white teeth at me, her canines are long and sharp looking, a clear indication that she was of alpha bloodline. "And why couldn't you speak you name when it was asked the first time young Alice. " her voice was rich and velvety smooth with something of an edge to it. It put both want and fear into my heart. "I-I was nervous. And shocked. The men that guard us are scary. Please forgive me." I beg. She catches a tear that falls from my eyes with her thumb. "I'm afraid i can't do that. Your beauty...it's almost spellbinding. It makes me want to take you under me and never let you leave however you young Alice, have created to many complications today alone. I understand that you've only just arrived as well." She inches her face closer to me. I can feel her cool breath on my face. "If you were to walk away tonight, unpunished, it would create a bad example for the others. They would feel like they could do whatever it is they please and get away with it. It would cause chaos young Alice. They might rebel. We can't have that now could we?" I slowly shake my head from side to side, more tears leaking from my eyes. I've been punished before and i had the scars to prove that it is nothing nice or simple. "Answer me, use your mouth!" She commands gripping my face tighter. "No. No, you couldn't have that!" I say slightly scared. "I'm sorry." She sighs. "So much trouble you give. Stand up." She says tugging on my. I stand hesitantly remembering my legs. I was shocked to realize that they were just fine when i stood up. No pain at all. "I've healed them." She says. "Try not to break them again." I nod and face her. She drops her hands from my face and moves them to my waist making my stomach get tingles. "Be happy I'm the one punishing you." She says. "Remove your clothes. Don't not object. Do not question. Just do it. Slowly please." I feel my face start to heat again as i obey her reaching for the straps of the dress. She takes a seat on the bed and gets comfortable. "While you do that. You must tell me...why is it your eyes...glow? Well, they aren't now, but they were. They were glowing like the stars in the night sky. Why is that happens?" I tug down my dress, slowly like she asked, leaving me bared and nude in front of her. "I don't know!" I say lowly, feeling a little self concussion. "I swear it. I don't know." She nods. "Well, I've asked the guards to study you. Your behavior, your patterns. Your eyes glowing must mean something. And i am desperate to learn what. Come now, Come to me young Alice." She goes on. I take slow small steps towards her. The tingles in my stomach haven't gone away but only increased the closer i get. I stop when i'm directly in front of her. She takes my hand softly. "Good. Very good. I see you are quick to learn, but easy to forget. Now, lay across my lap." She says. I do ask she says. The silk from her dress feeling nice against my stomach. "I take it you've never been spanked before young Alice." "No." "No? Just whipped correct? Don't worry.