This story is kinda in a series of long one-shots that I am writing for my friends ^^ The first was Eternal Love, and these are still enjoyable stories (I hope! .) It's not like I made them ONLY for my friends to read XD The characters and plots of the stories are not related to each other in one huge story, they are just a collection of different (and long) one-shots. And I am sure I may get some comments like "why is Boromir so accepting when he is supposed to be proud and stuff?" (I know I did get similar ones in Eternal Love) well that is because, as I said, these are written for friends (yes the girls in the one shots are based on them) so romance is the key importance of it; although yes, there is a plot! haha So please review (it would be very much appreciated!) if you like it or have anything to say. Enjoy~! Must you stare like that? Mary thought angrily, making her way down the streets of Gondor's capital; Minas Tirith. Everywhere she went eyes followed her, and cruel whispers could be heard. It wasn't her fault her father wasn't willing to fight for their city. She was only his daughter, but of course Gondor's citizens included her in the vicious treatment. Usually she ignored them, but today she wasn't in the best mood and returned the gossipers hushed words with harsh glares. "Finally," the nineteen year old woman thought aloud as she entered the shelter of their families tailor shop; freeing herself from the streets of Gondor with the rude people. Not that they were completely wrong. She was furious that her father wouldn't go to war with the rest of the men as well, furious that he used the excuse of this pathetic tailor shop to stay in Gondor whilst the rest of the men fought for their city. What made her mad was the fact that the citizens included her in the ridicule, lumping her in with her father's lack of bravery and honour. "Is that you Mary?" her mother called from the store's back room. "Yes mother," she replied before sighing, "Did you ever think that it could have been a customer?" her mother shrugged as she emerged from the room, a spool of yarn in her hand. Sometimes it seemed as if Mary was the only one with a little caution and common sense around her household sometimes. Yes, the store was also the family's home; the bottom floor contained the tailor shop while the top floor consisted of the kitchen and bedrooms. "Your father is out on a delivery if you are wondering about his absence," her mother casually informed her, untangling yarn with her long slender hands. Mary didn't reply as she made her way up the stairs in the back that led to the upper level. She knew her father was out in the city on business some way or another whenever he was gone, and really she didn't care about the details; he wasn't in harm anyways, for danger was something he made sure to stay clear of. "Hello Laraelia," Mary greeted her older sister, who was in the kitchen, preparing some bread dough. "Hello Mary, how was equestrian training?" Laraelia asked politely, smiling. That was just a fancy name for taking care of horses, whilst learning about them in the process. Every day (save the last day of the week) Mary helped groom, feed, etc., some of Gondor's horses along with some other women. It was a way to make money, even though the amount was small, for her family. But what her family didn't know is that the reason she chose this job is because she wanted to learn more about what the horses would be needed for per say. The horses were often used for battle. Swordsmanship fascinated her, and these expeditions seemed much less boring than life in a slow, struggling tailor's shop in the city. And of course she was fond of the creatures too, their strong build and fast speed seemed just as exciting; although she had never actually been allowed to ride one. "Fine," Mary replied, trying to hide her scowl. Today the horses had been extremely difficult, kicking up mud in her face, and other troublesome things that did not help her bad mood whatsoever. She grabbed an apple from the basket on the counter before heading to the room she and her sister shared. Even though the room was plainly designed you could tell what side of the room belonged to whom, if you knew the two girls, at first glance. Laraelia used the left side of the room, it was neat and tidy with a hairbrush, mirror, vase of pink flowers, and parchment laid out neatly on the dresser. Whereas Mary's side was messier, bits of word-filled parchment scattered about, and a box filled with odds and ends placed beside her bed. No pink flowers could be seen on the right side, although an occasional daisy or wild flower was placed somewhere. Taking a bite of her apple, Mary wandered over to her box, adding a metal embellishment that had fallen off the hilt of a sword she had found today to her collection. The metal piece showed the white tree of Gondor carved into the silver, glinting dull in the almost evening sun that faintly shone through the window. Mary let out a sigh as she flopped onto her bed, staring up at the white ceiling. She took another bite of her apple and curled onto her side. She just wanted to be able to breathe without any thoughts clouding her mind. But pain, anger, sadness, ignorance, and so much more still flashed through her brain. "You can eat dinner when you feel like it tonight, mother is busy downstairs, father is still out, and I have already eaten," Laraelia informed her as she entered to room. Mary rolled her eyes at the statement that her mother was busy . She knew well that she was just untangling yarn downstairs in the empty tailor shop. Her sister didn't notice however, for she was at the mirror brushing her long, fair hair. Laraelia could be so oblivious. It's not that Mary didn't love her sister, she did. It's just that she didn't know anything out of her own world, and did not see through the masks people chose to display when their inner emotions would be preferred secret; and didn't question it. Her older sister was the woman female Gondorians were supposed to be; only interested in beauty, household chores, and eventually becoming a mother. Mary, however, had the fascination of a more exciting life, an adventure. Something more than sitting around all day in the city with nothing new or exciting ever happening. And Mary could see through the false faces of people, she had always been good at reading peoples true feelings and emotions; even if they were trying their hardest to hide them. Looking at the sun out the window, Mary could tell it was late evening. The pink, orange, and purple sky let in a warm fading light from the sliver of what could be seen of the sun. "I'm going for a walk." Mary told her sister, rising from the bed. "A walk? But it will be dark soon, and you just got back!" Laraelia exclaimed. Mary simply shrugged and grabbed a warm cloak as she left their room. Her mother did not notice her leaving, although she was sure Laraelia would tell her soon enough. She silently slipped out the doors and into the fading sky. She slipped her hood over her head, covering most of her face, and made her way aimlessly down the streets of Gondor. Not many people were out and the few who were did not recognize her so she was spared from unfriendly stares. Mary found herself near the stables she had been at only an hour earlier. Not making for any particular spot, she decided to wander through the place she worked daily a little. The horses paid her little attention as she walked down the stable isles, for they were used to seeing her. Soon after entering she heard heavy footfalls and equally heavy breathing from the right of the stables; the swords practice area. Mary followed the sound of footsteps and muttered words to a corner. She slowly peaked around to see a man, high in stature no doubt by the looks of his clothing. He had shoulder length slightly wavy hair, and was tall and strongly built. Staying to the shadows, Mary edged her way around the corner and sat cross-legged under the shade of the overhanging roof, her cloak shading her in a barely visible state to anyone passing by. She watched as the man jabbed at the air with his sword, repeating intricate hand motions, twisting the sword this way and that. Every time he faulted in a step he muttered something in an unpleasant tone under his breath, and tried again. She sat there covered by shadows, watching him intently. The man turned his sword in yet another manoeuvre and ended up facing Mary's direction, sword extended. He paused, staring right into where she was sitting, and after what seemed like minutes to Mary, spoke up. "Show yourself!" he demanded, keeping his sword pointed towards her. Mary rose, and stepped out of the building's shadow. "Remove your hood," the man said, and Mary obeyed, throwing her cloak hood back to fully reveal her face. "A woman!" The man seemed surprised but quickly regained his composure. "And what might a woman be doing out here so close to dark?" "Walking," she replied bluntly, staring at the sword. He then realized he was still aiming the sword at her and tentatively lowered it, but kept his hand on the hilt. "What is your name?" he questioned once more. "I am Mary," she replied, not adding her last name. "My father owns a tailor shop in east Minas Tirith," she frowned at these words, not wanting to bring up her father. "That still does not explain why you are out here." "I work here often, I felt like walking and I just came here." Mary paused. "You still haven't told me your name." She knew she should probably be more respectful but she didn't like the man's interrogating questions and how long it had took him to lower his sword. "Boromir, son of Denethor Steward of Gondor," he replied proudly. So he's the Stewards eldest son, Boromir. Mary thought. She had heard of his name before; as had every Gondor citizen. Mary nodded before turning to leave. "You're going?" Boromir asked confused. "Yes, it seems I should not be here anyways. Besides, I'm bored and a little hungry," she said without turning, continuing to walk away. Boromir was surprised at her bluntness, and the fact she didn't react to the fact he was Gondor's future heir. He simply stared at Mary's back as she left. Mary yawned as she made her way back down the stone streets under the dark sky. It had been a long day and was starting to catch up on her, the walk back seemed so much longer than the one there as she grew wearier with every step. When she arrived home the lights were out, not a single candle lit. Passing her parents room at the top of the stairs she heard a light snoring coming from behind the door. Silently in the dark, Mary made her way to the kitchen and cut a slice off a loaf of bread. Too tired to prepare a real meal, she soon found her way to her bedroom. After changing into a light nightgown she slipped under the bed covers, careful not to wake her sister who was asleep in a bed less than a meter away from hers. Mary felt even