Fire, all she could see was fire through her tear-filled eyes. I shouldn't have left him alone to tend to the fireplace all by himself. I should have known better! Bryn thought as she stared into the flames from the road in front of her dwelling. She felt her little brother grip her hand tighter and she pulled him into a hug, letting him bury his tear-streaked face into her dress. Dozens of hobbits had ran to her family's aid when they saw the flames consuming her home; attempting to put them out with buckets of water, but the fire wouldn't sizzle out. Eventually they realized this and the hobbits simply stared sadly into at the flames that consumed Bryn's former home. Her mother and father were close by, conversing with Bell and Hamfast Gamgee. Bryn was softly playing with her brother's hair and watching her parents expressions as they talked to the Gamgees; long-time close family friends. "Bryn! Drinyn!" her mother called, waving her over. "Come on Drin," she grasped her brother's hand; calling him by his nickname she had always given him. Drinyn's name was actually pronounced Dry-nin, but when Bryn used his nickname it rhymed with hers. Drynin smiled at the use of this name and sniffed, looking up at her with his watery eyes. Still holding his hand, she walked over to where her mother was waiting. "Bryn," Bell pulled her into a comforting hug, her voice full of sadness and empathy. "I was just telling your parents," she paused smiling over at her mother and father ", that you are welcome to stay with us as long as you need, all of you." "Oh... oh thank you so much!" Bryn pulled Bell back into a hug, then turned to Hamfast, commonly known as Gaffer, hugging him as well; causing a smile out of the old gardener. "We get to stay with them?" Drynin asked, unsure if what he was hearing was good enough to be true. "Isn't that wonderful of the Gamgee's?" her father replied with a smile, swinging up a giggling Drynin into his arms. Bryn was happy her brother could still smile even in their situation; this wasn't something a small child like him should have to deal with. "Bryn!" She heard her name being called again, and turned to see Samwise Gamgee running towards her. "Are you okay? Is any of your family hurt? Did my parents tell you that you could stay with us?" He said all in one breath; hands placed on her shoulders, a worried expression on his face and reflected in his brown eyes. Bryn simply nodded and he pulled her into a hug. "Thank goodness, I was so worried..." But the embrace did not last; Sam quickly pulled away, a blush spreading over his round cheeks. "Sam!" Drynin came running over. The little hobbit grabbed onto Sam's leg and looked up at him with big eyes. "Hello Drynin," Sam smiled down at him, picking the child up in his arms. "We will be staying with you?" Drynin asked yet again. Sam just nodded and swung him in a circle. Drynin laughed and spread his arms wide as if he were flying, before he was set back down and ran off to join his mother. For a moment there was an awkward silence between the two, but it was broken by her mother's call. "Bryn, you can head back with Sam. Take Drinyn with you." Bryn nodded and took the sleepy little hobbit from her mother. His eyelids were drooping and she guessed that he would fall asleep before they even reached the Gamgee's dwelling. She and Sam walked through the night in silence, with the exception of a few passing hobbits who had tried to put out the fire; telling Bryn how sorry they were, and how bad they felt. It was kind, but Bryn was tired and found their condolences rather annoying and bothersome. "I hope you'll feel at home at our dwelling," Sam spoke softly, but even though his voice was quiet it seemed loud in the night silence. "I know you must be devastated about the fire in yours, but…" "It's wonderful enough that you are letting us stay with you. We had nowhere else to go, and you opened your home to us." Sam's face fell at her words: nowhere else to go . Noticing this, she said, "But I'm glad it's you, and not some Sackville-Baggins." Sam's face brightened and he laughed, breaking the tension. Bryn smiled, she had always loved his laugh, his smile; the way his eyes crinkled but still managed to look big and wonderful. Don't think about that now! She shook her head, now was not the time to think of her long, secret love for Samwise. "Bryn?" "Huh?" She snapped back into reality at the mention of her name. "We're here," Sam chuckled, opening up the round door for her. She took shelter from the slight spitting rain that had started to build up, closely followed by Sam. She had been in this home so many times, she probably knew as much about it as Sam himself did. "Where should I put him?" Bryn asked, nodding her head at a sleeping Drynin in her arms. "Well… Your parents will probably be staying in… and you in the guest room…. and Drynin…" Sam muttered aloud to himself, counting off rooms on his fingers. "He could stay with me," she offered; knowing Sam was running out of rooms for them to stay in in his mind. He looked relieved as he nodded and gestured for her to follow him as he started off down the hallway that led away from the kitchen. Bryn followed him down to the very end of the hall, and stopped in front of the door she knew led to one of the two spare rooms for guests. Hobbit dwellings varied in size and style; the Tooks lived in great smials, hobbit homes made to hold multiple generations all in the same dwelling. The Gamgees weren't particularly rich, but they got along. Gaffer's farming did well and Sam sometimes helped out with working at Bag End; a home owned by Frodo and Bilbo Baggins. "You two can stay here, if that's alright," a slight blush was spreading on his cheeks, but it faded as soon as it had come. "Thank you," Bryn smiled, heading into the room. She laid Drynin down and tucked him into one of the two beds. Surprisingly she wasn't tired, so she kissed her little brother's forehead before silently slipping out of the room to join Samwise. The two hobbits silently made their way back into the main room and planted themselves in two big comfy chairs. Bryn huddled up into the chair as much as she could to keep warm, but couldn't stop the shivers that trembled up and down her body. Noticing this, Sam rose to get some wood for the fireplace. "No…" Bryn whispered. It was too soon after the accident, seeing the fireplace only made the memories more vivid, and the experience more terrifying. She could still feel the smoke in her lungs as she carried Drynin through the flames, ducking from falling beams and dodging flaming furniture as she ran through the wreckage. "I'm so sorry, I forgot…" Sam whispered back, shutting the fireplace and walking over to where Bryn was huddled in her chair. Gently taking her shaking hands, he pulled her up and led her over to where he had been sitting. "But still, you can't freeze." He pulled her down into the large chair with him, wrapping his arms protectively around her. Bryn could feel her cheeks heat up and was thankful it was too dark for him to notice. She felt herself shiver once more, and Sam's arms tighten around her in response. She gratefully snuggled closer to Sam, letting his body warm her and his embrace sooth her nerves. Just hearing his heartbeat washed away the fear she had felt and dulled the painful memories. His heartbeat… listening to the methodical thump and finally warming up, Bryn felt her eyelids grow heavy. … "Bryn… Bryn?" Hearing her name Bryn's eyelids fluttered open to see Drynin's face. She squinted against the bright sunlight streaming through the window before lazily sitting up and rubbing her tired eyes. "You're awake!" Drynin smiled, hopping up onto her bed to sit beside her. "Good observation Drin," she laughed, scooping the giggling child into her arms. "Do you know if anyone else is awake?" "Well… Mommy and Mrs. Gamgee are making breakfast, umm… Sam is up too… and I think daddy and Mr. Gamgee are still sleeping." Drynin's face showed that he was deep in thought as he furrowed his brows, counting off names on his fingers as he went. "Alright then, let's go check on the food," Bryn decided, rising out of bed and taking her little brother's hand as she led him to the kitchen. They were greeted with the smell of bacon and fresh baked bread when they entered the room. Bell and their mother were cooking breakfast in the kitchen and Sam was nowhere to be seen. "Do you need help cooking?" Bryn offered. "No thank you dear, we're just about done," Bell Gamgee smiled at her. "Here," She tossed an apple to Bryn and handed one to Drynin. "And can you take this one to Sam? He's out in the garden," she said and handed Bryn a second apple. "Can you hold this for mommy Drynin?" Her mother gave Drynin a spatula and slipped an apron over his head. Bryn nodded to Bell, then headed out the back door to find Sam. The sun was warm and the rain-washed sky was a pale blue. The ground was wet with morning dew and the showers from last night. At least the rain put out the fire , Bryn thought. She made her way towards the soft noise of humming in the back of the garden. She silently tiptoed over to where Sam was crouched, tending to a wilting flower. "Apple?" She asked, holding the fruit in front of Sam's face. He jumped, startled a little, before laughing and taking the apple from her hands. "Thank you," he smiled, packing the last little bit of dirt down to stabilize the plant with one hand while holding the apple in the other. Rising and brushing the dirt off his pants he took a bite of the juicy red fruit and Bryn did the same. "Um... do you want to look at the flowers a little before we eat?" Bryn nodded, happy to admire the coloured blossoms. They walked through the garden, naming each flower as they went. Bryn said the names of the ones she could remember, and Sam filled in the others that had slipped her mind. She kneeled down to inspect a small group of flowers that were a light sky-blue in the center, faded to white in the petals, then back to a slightly brighter blue again in the tips. "They're called heaven's mirror," Sam told her, kneeling down to her height on the ground. "What a pretty name…" Bryn whispered, not taking her eyes off the flower that seemed beautiful, and magical in a way to her. She had never seen these before; they reminded her of the clouds she and Sam use to watch and find funny shapes in when they were little. But her thoughts were broken by the aroma of food and her mother's call, "Breakfast is ready!" Sam stood up, then offered her his hand, helping her up from the ground before rushing inside. Bryn felt her face flush when she noticed that Sam had not yet let go of her hand as they ran to the kitchen. Only when they reached the table did he remember this too, and released their entwined fingers. After breakfast Bryn's mother and Bell announced that they were going to the