Emma opened her eyes and rolled over, trying to remember the dream that had left a warm, wonderful feeling. She slowly sat up; blankets wrapped around her, and gazed out the window into a clear blue sky. That's it! She thought. The sky had reminded her of her dream. Reminded her of his beautiful blue eyes. In the dream he had sang to her, a love song. She sat there in her bed for a while, savouring the memory of the fantastic dream. Her day already seemed brighter. She slowly rose, gasping when her feet touched the cold floor. Emma lightly bounded to the window, letting the early morning sun warm her. She tentatively stepped to the mirror, wondering how the floor could be so cold on such a beautiful day. The reflection showed her large hazel eyes, staring back at her. She ran her fingers through her long brown hair with spiral curls; that luckily were tangle free today. She then discarded her silk nightgown for a long white-blue dress. It gathered at the waist, and flowed down like waves, layering at the bottom. The material was light and airy, keeping her comfortable on the warm day. When she had finished getting ready, Emma headed out of her room. She could hear her steps on the floor, even though they were an elf's soft graceful steps; for she lived alone, having no other noise to block the sound of her footsteps out. "Berries and… hmmm," Emma said aloud, pondering over breakfast. She decided on a pastry loaf to go with the berries and sat down, slowly munching on her breakfast. She gazed around at the white stone walls, clean, unlike the ones in her bedroom. For she had carved many elvish words into her bedroom walls, all her feelings inside were spread among her bedroom. However the ones she kept deep inside were carved in hidden places, such as behind her bed, and mirror. No one knew this though, for few people (or elves rather) entered her room, let alone read the words on her walls. "Time to meet the day!" Emma said to nobody in particular. Usually in the mornings she was very tired, still sleepy from the night before; however today her dream and the warm weather put her in a pleasant, lively mood. She stepped outside and stretched in the sun before heading off to see Areanel. She made her way down the white stone streets of Mirkwood, passing several elves getting ready for the day along the way. The more she walked, the more elves were awake and in the streets. If she didn't hurry she would be late to Areanel's home, so she quickened her pace, almost running. She was almost there when she tripped on a loose brick, crying out in surprise as she fell and closing her eyes, scared for the impact. But it didn't come. Instead, a pair of strong arms caught her, holding her lower back and waist, pulling her upright before she could hit the ground. Emma slowly opened her eyes to see a pair of clear blue ones staring down at her. "Are you alright?" he asked. He was the one she had dreamed of, the one she had always admired and loved; Legolas. "Yes, thank you," she said quietly, thankful that elves did not commonly blush or her face would be many shades of pink and red. "Good, I wouldn't want to see such a beautiful girl injured," Legolas smiled at her, causing her heart to pound fast. "Again thank you so- oh!" She started to thank him once more, but realized Areanel would be waiting. "I am late! Areanel will be cross!" She said to herself, Legolas looking at her concerned, but confused. "I am sorry but I must go!" She quickly bowed her head and did a sort of curtsey, quickly thanking Legolas once more and hurrying off, leaving him pondering over the confusing girl he had only just met. He hoped that was not the last time he would come across her. "Emma?" Emma tentatively stepped into the elf woman's home. "I know, late," Emma replied, guilt in her voice. "Yes, tell me about it while we work in the garden," Areanel told her. Every day Emma helped out Areanel with gardening, selling the food as well. It was this way she got her food daily. Areanel was kind; she gave her the food supply for working for her, and paid her a small amount as well. The Elf woman had taught Emma many things through her life; such as cooking, and recently she was teaching her how to sew. Areanel was like Emma's mother she never truly had. Emma was found as a baby by humans in a raid of her elvish city. They could not leave the infant alone, for her parents were killed in the invasion of the city; so the humans took her from her home. They named her Emma for the time being, and set off to the nearest elvish city, and one they did not have quarrel with. Mirkwood, they handed her to the elves there. She was taken in a safety home, and as soon as she was old enough she lived on her own. Areanel always had showed fondness for her, and didn't hesitate to give her work when she found out she would have to support herself. Areanel was half elf, for she had a human father, so her age showed more than the full elves. However she looked young still if one would consider the amount of years she has lived; for elves are immortal. They made their way to the back of her home, where there was a large green garden. Emma grabbed an apron on the way out, tying it to cover her dress. The two women didn't waste time getting to work, fetching the soil nutrient and garden tools. "So," Areanel said, kneeling to inspect a cabbage plant. "what was the cause for delay?" "Oh…" Emma said, biting her lip. Should I tell her? She knew Areanel was wise enough to see if what she had said was not the truth, so she decided just to tell her anyways. "Well I was on my way, and…. well I tripped. Someone… someone caught me, and I took a while before I realized that I was late," Emma explained, slightly nervous. "Someone?" Areanel questioned, raising an eyebrow suspiciously. "Legolas." "Legolas son of Thranduil? The Prince of Mirkwood?" she said, her eyes widening. "Yes…" Emma hid her face, distracting herself, tending to a plant. "He has a kind heart, much like his father. Although I am sure you know, all of Mirkwood knows about their ruler and future heir no doubt." Emma sighed dreamily, Legolas would not leave her mind. However it was an uncomfortable topic and she wanted to change it. She brought up this week's harvest and Areanel seemed to sense her discomfort, so let it go. They quickly finished tending to the garden, for it was not the time of year to harvest much. "Well there isn't much left to do so what do you say we work on that dress?" Areanel offered, wiping her forehead with the back of her hand. Emma nodded, and they headed back into her home. They began to work on a new dress for Emma, this one was a dark green, and was slightly harder than the last one she was taught to make; the same one she was wearing. "There!" Emma said proudly, holding up the finished dress. It was a dark green with sleeves that hung off the shoulders. It had a black lacy sash that tied in a bow at the back. The bottom rose in the front and the sides were longer, waving and flowing. She smiled, this dress was difficult to make, but completely worth it. She hugged Areanel and bid her goodbye, waving as she left out the door. "Oh!" She stopped in her tracks, she had almost forgotten her food. Areanel handed her the daily food supply and laughed as she finally left. Emma took her time walking home, enjoying the sun, still as bright and warm as when she left that morning. She was careful to watch closely so she wouldn't trip on any loose bricks anymore, although she wouldn't mind having Legolas catch her again. Legolas was on his way back from the forest of Mirkwood, where he was practicing his bow and arrow skills (not that he needed the practice). When he was walking he saw the girl from that morning. He started to head towards her when she turned the corner; he caught up to her only to see her disappear behind the door of a small house. He frowned, disappointed, and headed off in the other direction, thinking about the mysterious girl. That night Emma could not sleep. Thunder boomed overhead and lightning's bright flashes filled the sky. She had always feared thunder, it reminded her of the pounding on the doors of her city before it was invaded; one of her few memories from when she was young. She pulled the covers higher and curled up in a ball. She peeked out of the window to see a bright flash of lightning. Emma wished she didn't fear thunder so much, for the lightning could be so beautiful. "Legolas…" Emma whispered, wishing the Elf was there to hold her and tell her it would be alright. She lay under the blankets, still curled in a ball, waiting for sleep to come. The rain poured down heavily outside, washing the streets clean. She closed her eyes, and drifted into an uneasy sleep. Emma sat up and rubbed her eyes. She had woken up multiple times last night, disturbed by the nightmares her mind had made from the thunder. She sighed and stared out the window to see a clear, rain-washed sky. There was no trace of last night's storm. She laid back down, glad to have extra time to rest. Today was an Elven holiday; a celebration of Gil-Galad's (a highly respected elf from long ago) birthday. Each year lights were strewn throughout the streets and there was a feast in his name in the castle of Mirkwood in which the entire city was invited. All shops were closed today so Emma was not needed at Areanel's. She changed into a casual dress; she would change for the feast later. She took her time eating breakfast. Emma decided to take a walk in the forest of Mirkwood today, but first she would set up the lanterns around her home. It did not take long to set up the lights. She smiled as she stepped back and admired her work. "Those will be real pretty when they are all lit up at night lady," a young boy smiled up at her. "I am sure they will, the city will shine bright with all the lights of the lanterns!" Emma laughed, sending the boy off to join his friends who were playing in the streets. Emma decided that now she could go for a walk in the woods so she headed off to the Mirkwood forest. There were few animals and if there were; none were dangerous. Emma practically skipped as she made her way through the trees, sunlight shining through the branches. Each holiday she tried to explore a new area of Mirkwood in her spare time. Last year it was the river, and she had not yet seen the vast forest so this year she decided to explore the woods. Emma had been walking through the tall, green trees for about ten minutes when she heard a soft sound behind her. She spun around to see Legolas looking at her, hands raised in defeat. "You are the girl from yesterday, are you not?" he smiled at her. "Yes…" she said tentatively. He looked at her expectantly, for he did not yet know her name.