Kit: WHAT UP SLUTS? LOOK WHO JUST GOT OUT OF PRISON?! *Thank you Octopimp for creating such a beautiful introduction* Izzy: You weren't in prison Kit. You just FORGOT ABOUT THE STORY! *Grabs a baseball bat and points it threateningly at Kit* Kit: *Gulps* Um, uh, Izzy, Pepper, baby, let's not be too hasty…*backs away slowly* Izzy: How many times must I tell you…ONLY EMMETT CAN CALL ME PEPPER OR BABY! * The flames of hell surround Izzy as she starts chasing Kit all over the studio* Angie: What the fuck?! I'm not even in this chapter! Fine whatever, I'll explain seeing as Kit and Izzy are being stupid again. Kit would like to formally apologize for making you think she abandoned the story. That's not the case at all. At the time Kit was originally writing this, some shit was going down, pretty heavy stuff and she started losing her juice for the story. However, after a year and a week or two, Kit has been slowly reenergizing herself. That reenergizing picked up speed after she read what she originally wrote for chapters 1 and 2 of Full Moon. Slowly she started to hate her creation, as her writing style has become much better over the year. So now, she's back and ready to write for Full Moon again. We-as in the cast of Full Moon-would like to formally apologize to you-the dedicated readers-who have read/reviewed/favorited/followed the story even as Kit was temporarily out of commission. So now, your patience has been rewarded generously for the re-write of chapters 1 and 2 of Full Moon. Kit: Also, I do not own Twilight or any of the characters and plot. The only thing I own is anything that ISN'T IN THE ORIGINAL TWILIGHT SERIES INCLUDING OC'S UNLESS STATED OTHERWISE. I hope you enjoy and please review! Also, since I've done the disclaimer in the first chapter, I refuse to do it ever again for the continuation of the story. Not because I'm trying to lay claim, but because I've already done the first chapter and I figure, if you do it in the first chapter where everyone can see it, then you're pretty much good. I'd also like to give special thanks to jessa76 for sending me a PM telling me of her concerns for abandoning the story. I told her of my plans to re-write Full Moon and swore her to secrecy, which from the looks of things she has kept her end of the bargain. Thank you for that! "Talking" Thinking/Dreaming "Taking in a Dream" SOUND EFFECTS ~Singing/Music~ Chapter One-Reflecting Tightening my hands into fists, I felt my leg muscles tighten in anticipation, before they uncoiled, springing me forward. The only difference, it was more like I was flying. The studio turned into a blur of browns, blacks, and white as my body seemed to soar through the air. It reminded me of when Emmett had ran with me in his arms, and when I rode on his back. It was the same speed, only this time… … I was flying by myself. I could see James clearly, his face twisted in horror and confusion. I could feel something inside of me, bursting with pride that I , a mere human, made a vicious vampire afraid. Rearing my fist back as far as possible, I rammed it in his face. I kept a hold on him and shoved his body deeper into the wall. "Your're waking up…the transition is still incomplete…but it's happening…you're becoming one of us" James rasped. "How do you know my parents?" I demanded. He didn't answer. Gritting my teeth, I brought one fist back, giving him one last chance to answer. He didn't. Shaking my head, I rammed my fist into his stomach. I heard him gasp, just like a human when they've had the wind knocked out of them. Pulling him out of the wall, I threw him to the ground, just like he did to me, only moments ago. "Tell me, how do you know my birth parents!" I shout, glaring fiercely at him. "Who doesn't know your parents? You're famous princess, whether you know it or not, and if the Volturi were to find out you're awake…then there is no place on earth you and your precious family could ever hope to hide" he sneered. "Why? Why am I so famous, if what you say is true?" I demanded. He just stared at me, watching me with a calculated gaze. "Oh, trust me when I say it's true Princess. If your Dad knew you were awake, hell would break loose" "What is my being "awake" such a bad thing?" he smirked, running his hand through his hair. I could feel my heart beat racing, faster than it ever has before. Something big was about to be shown, and I wasn't sure if I was ready to hear it, but I needed to. I need to know why James, and Laurent kept calling me the "Kings Treasure," I need to know if this is the reason I have no birth parents. I need this. "Princess, you're half human, half vampire" "What happens now? We fight, we try to kill each other and then what?" I asked, I tried to push away any thoughts of the fact that I killed my mother. I tried really hard to, and the fact that I might die soon helped, somewhat. "Yep, then, I kill you and bring your corpse to the Volturi, and I'll be a hero" shutting my eyes tightly, I squeezed the tears away. I had to focus, but seeing Emmett's face suddenly in my mind…I can't leave him, no matter how disgusted I am with myself… I can't leave Emmett… I won't. So, focusing on the heat inside me, I tried directing it, to see if it could be manipulated, like wires. I could feel it form around my entire body, and it made me feel hope, that I will survive this, that I will live to see Emmett. Opening my eyes, I looked right into James' eyes. He saw the change in me and knew it was time to settle this, we had dragged this out too long, and it was time to finish him off. "I'll give you this half-breed, you've got balls" I didn't say anything, just stared at him. We both stood, then as if we had some invisible signal, we raced for each other. I landed a punch right to his face, sending him flying, but as I was rearing my fist back, he grabbed my ankle and threw me to the ground. My body twisted, I kept my muscles loose as my flat palms hit the wooden floor, and did a neat handspring. Landing on my feet perfectly, I turned in time to see James racing towards me, he was sloppy, I had military training, he didn't. As he came at me, I jumped at him, and twisted my body around him before hitting the back of his neck, hard and sending him face first into the floor. Moving quickly, I stood and placed one foot on his back while I grabbed one of his hands in each of mine and pulled, hard on his arms. His torso arched, I could hear the sound of ripping metal, I was going to pull his arms off. I don't know how, but he managed to kick me from behind, forcing myself to fall to the ground. He used this to his advantage and placed his boot on my stomach. I fought against him, but I could feel the heat leaving my body, as fatigue started to flow through me. Dammit! Now is not the time to be weak, I thought. I have to live, I have to see Emmett again, and hold him and tell him I'm sorry, and that I love him. "Interesting, it seems the vampire side of you can only come out to play for short periods of time. Interesting" he mused softly. I growled at him, trying to struggle from under him. He just stared at me, before a wicked gleam enters his eyes. " I wonder what'll happen if venom enters your system. Let's find out" he grinned wickedly. He crouched low, and managed to grasp my left hand before bringing it to his mouth. I felt his incisors, as they broke my skin, and dread filling my being. The minute his venom enters my blood stream, I heard an earth shattering roar. Emmett! At the sound of Em's roar, the memory playing before me vanishes. The image of the ballet studio, of me and James fighting…is replaced with my bedroom. Sitting up I push my blankets off me and wipe the sweat off my forehead. Angry tears well in my eyes. I feel my right hand move on it's own as I grip my left arm, right where both James and Emmett bit me. THUMP-THUMP-THUMP-THUMP-THUMP-THUMP-THUMP-THUMP At the sound of the strong, steady heartbeat I realize it's not my own. No, my own heartbeat is pounding dangerously in my chest. It feels like it's trying to break out of it's boney prison. No, this heartbeat belongs to the only other person living in this house. It belongs to my father Charlie Swan. Oh, how am I able to hear my own father's heartbeat, when he's clearly not close enough for me to? That's simple really. Last Spring, I've learned something about myself. Something that makes me different from other people. As it turns out, I'm half vampire half human. I know, I know it sounds crazy. How the hell can I be of two different species if one them isn't real? Well kids, I'm going to tell you another secret; the supernatural is real. Vampires, shape shifters, half-breeds. It's all real, including real werewolves, which Carlisle-my boyfriend/mate's father-tells me they're called "Children of the Moon." I've also been told that, like humans are ruled by their governments and the President, the supernatural world is ruled by the three Kings; the Volturi. The three Leaders, Aro, Caius, and Marcus. They're also called the three brothers, since they apparently all share a brotherly bond. This is due to all the centuries they've spent ruling together. They're a pretty big deal as they uphold the law and "take care" of those that have broken their one precious rule. That rule is the most obvious rule ever, keep the supernatural world a secret. Anyways, back to the situation at hand. Ever since that tracking vampire, James, told me what I am I've been so messed up. There are days when I still feel like myself, normal, human. Then there are the days where everything is heightened. Sometimes when I'm in one of my classes, I'll zone out and then I'll pick up some random conversation. When I try to peak at the people talking, I'll usually only see my teacher talking. That's when I realize I'm hearing a conversation that's taking place in a completely different part of the school. On those days, my other senses spike up as well. My strength and speed are definitely the harder ones to control and hide. If it weren't for Edo and Ally-Cat covering my ass in P.E. I probably would've been caught by now. With my enhanced eyes I'm also able to see just how hard Lauren and Jessica try at looking mature. They always put on way too much make up, making them look like clowns half the time. Especially when Jessica uses a specific shade of red that is so not in her color wheel. I think the worst of it, is like right now. When I can hear the other students' and teachers' heartbeats. Those days are probably the longest days of my life. While I've yet to consume any blood, or feel the need to, it still calls to me. Most of the time I can ignore it, if I'm with Em and the other Cullen