Behind the Desk There are some wounds time can never heal, some loves that were never meant to be. Falling in love with her professor nearly destroyed Bella's life—this is the story of what happens when she falls in love with him for the second time. THE ARMS SQUEEZED around me serve as a reminder of what I'm leaving behind and of everything that's about to change. It's a necessary change, in its own right, and part of me is looking forward to it. For as long as I can remember, I'd always been invisible. Guys didn't want me. Girls didn't go out of their way to be my friend. Teachers never gloated about me nor did they complain. I was just ... There. For the most part, I preferred things that way. Flying under everyone's radar—simply existing. But once upon a time, I was more. I got a taste of what mattering felt like. What being desired felt like. What people raved about—killed for, died over. What love was. And it was all thanks to one person: Mr. Masen. He was a friend when I had no one else. The man who made me feel like a woman. Someone I never should have wanted. Never should have gotten. Most important, never should have helped to destroy his life. But to everyone around me I was all that and more—the destroyer, the liar, and now's my chance to leave that all behind. Releasing my hold from around my grandmother's waist, I let out a long breath. Then, taking one last look around, I squint against the sun slowly rising in the distance. "If you don't leave now—" "I know. I know." I kiss her quickly on the cheek. "Love you." "Listen to me, my sweet Bella." She pauses, before bringing both her hands up to cradle my face. Light brown eyes—almost a direct contrast to mine—stare hard at me. "You start fresh, okay? Start over. Be that girl no one knows. Fight for the happiness we both know you deserve." My lip curls up in a small but grateful smile. The past three years have been hell for me and more than anyone, she realizes I need this new start. So with that last bit of encouragement, a tense wave toward the front door knowing my grandfather is looking out the window, and a deep breath, I climb in my car and say goodbye to my grandma; my best friend. As I do, both our eyes hold the same hope. That whatever waits for me at the end of this drive is the beginning of better days ahead. Ten hours, two pit stops, and my weight in candy eaten later, the top of my new school building comes into sight. "Oh, God." I can see flags, banners, and balloons from the highway and I debate, for a second, how quick I can turn the car around. I don't do … Festive. But I talk myself out of running, remind myself to keep my eye on the prize and keep trucking along. Through the entrance, the carnival is worse than I imagined. The parking lot is littered with students, parents, and teachers. It all makes me dizzy. With my head down and guard up, I weave my way through the sea of people, following the 'welcome students' signs. Damn near an hour passes before I get my 'welcome seniors' packet, which, when I read it, makes me feel anything but welcome. What the fuck? "What do you mean you don't have a dorm assignment for me?" "I mean just that, dear. We sent letters letting you know you had some unresolved issues to take care of prior to move in date." My eyes narrow at the old lady's condescending tone. "Which I assumed meant in regards to my credits. And when I called I was told I'd be able to discuss that at a later date." "Well, then, I'd hardly say it's my fault since you assumed you knew what the issue was and didn't take the time to fully verify." My already narrowed eyes turn into a full-on glare. She isn't even being the least bit helpful. Aren't school officials supposed to be nurturing or something? At least pretend to care? "So what am I supposed to do now?" "I don't know, dear, but I have a line full of students behind you I need to help. So if you could step aside ..." Fighting back tears, I stomp out of the office. I'm both livid and devastated. Surrounding me are gaggles of girls, laughing and going on to their parents about their dorms. Friends hugging after not seeing each other for the summer and happiness radiating off people in waves. For a moment, I wonder how things would be if I were in their shoes; If I had friends who missed me when I went away, or someone—like a mom—who was always there for me. To back me up. My grandmother's tried, and I love her for it, but it's not the same. Lost in my own thoughts, I miss the sound of someone's approach until a deep voice, pipes up and says, "They messed up my sister's room arrangements, too." I tilt my head back, calmly, pretending he didn't just scare the shit out of me. "Okay?" "But she came last week," he continues, "and was able to work things out. She rented an apartment with the help of the off-campus housing department. You should go talk to them." Tears of hope welling in my eyes stop the 'mind your business' I feel wanting to come forward. This isn't the time to be a bitch. It's time to accept the help with gratitude. "Do you know, well of course you know." I dart up, dusting some dirt off the back of my jeans. "Can you show me? Where the office is, I mean." "Of course." His smile gleams against the sun. "I'm Emmett by the way." "Thank you, Emmett." I nod. "Bella." While he walks me to the office, we don't engage in any unnecessary small talk. For that, I'm grateful. I wouldn't know what to say. But as subtly as I can, I gaze at him from the corner of my eyes. Tall, muscular, curly, short dark hair, and dimples for days. Jeez. They grow them cute out here. If I'm not mistaken, I think I catch him looking at me as well. Nervously, I fluff at my ponytail, toying with the ends and continue looking forward. The office is crowded and noisy as hell when we get there, but the vibe is different from check-in. And thankfully there isn't a line. "Can I help you?" The rough bark from the man sitting behind the desk scares the shit out of me, causing me to stammer over my explanation. "Yes—yeah. I was at advising, I mean check-in…" As calm as possible, I explain the situation, but find it difficult when he looks bored as hell in the face of my dilemma. Half an hour of going back and forth later, it's clear he has absolutely no clue what to tell me. Neither does the second person I speak to when I request help from someone else. This lady, though nicer and more sympathetic, is just as much at a loss since it seems I'm not the only person who got fucked in the ass with no lube courtesy of the housing screw up. With a soft whispered, "Thank you," I slump back outside, confused and lost about what to do. Going back home is not an option. "My sister got a two bedroom." Looking over at Emmett, I arch my eyebrows. His sister has a roof over her head, I don't. Good for her. "And she's alone. She's been bitching all week about how she's not going to be able to afford the place without a roommate." At my continued blank stare, he sighs. "I could call her if you want? See if she'd be interested in taking you in as a roommate?" "Oh." Oh! I'm not used to anyone other than my grandmother, going out of their way to help me, so I take a little longer than most people probably would to answer him. He doesn't look like a bad guy, one who might be helping me in the hopes of getting something else in return. Then again what do those type of guys look like, anyway? "I'm not a bad guy." "I never said you were." "But you're trying to figure out if I am or not. Right?" I purse my lips to avoid blurting out denial. There's no need for that when he knows exactly what I'm thinking. "Sorry. I'm just—" "Being cautious. As you should be." "Cautious." Yeah, I guess, but that's half the battle. "Don't take this the wrong way, but why are you trying to help me?" "Good deed for the day?" His eyes twinkle; dimples deepen. Cute. "I really appreciate it." I smile, both from gratitude and at the sing-song way he answers, and tell him he could go ahead and call his sister. I'm a little apprehensive, but know I have nothing left to lose. "It's not far," he tells me once he gets off the phone. "We can walk." In silence, we start making our way, when something, no someone, out of the corner of my eye catches my attention. All the muscles in my body lock into place and breathing fails me. I would recognize that crazy head of hair anywhere. But it can't be. There's just no way. "What is it?" I feel Emmett's hand at my arm. "What's wrong?" Shaking my head, I squeeze my eyes tighter, taking a moment to breathe and compose myself. I'm hungry, hot, and tired. The combination must be affecting my psyche and making me hallucinate. When I open my eyes, Emmett is staring at me. "Uh …" Unable to focus, I close them again. "Nothing, I just thought I saw someone I knew, but it's impossible." "Seeing things?" "Yeah. Let's hope." Putting my hallucinations out of my mind, I give Emmett a tight smile and suggest we get walking. About five minutes later he stops us and with a flourish of his arms, says, "Well, this is it." I gesture for him to lead the way and follow him up the narrow two flights of stairs, my heart beating with every step. The door to the apartment is slightly open and creaks when we push it wider. The space is small, and there's a girl on the floor, shifting through a box. She's a tiny thing with short, black fauxhawk an d her face is the picture perfect mask of indifference. Walking forward, I reach my hand out to introduce myself, but she hesitates and gives me a look of pure disdain. I drop my hand and stare right back at her. "Who are you?" "Ali, this is Bella." Emmett steps up. "I called you on the phone and told you I ran into a girl who was looking for a place, remember?" "Oh." "Yeah. So anyway, Bella, this is my sister Alice." She gives me a once over, making it clear she doesn't want me here, and I realize it's time to set a few things straight. "Just so we're clear ... I don't want to be here either." I huff, crossing my arms over my chest. "And that's in reference to this school and to being your roommate. But I have nowhere to go, so if you agree to let me stay, I'll keep out of your way. And if you promise to stay out of mine, we'll get along fine. I have money saved. I plan on getting a job. Plus, with whatever refund I assume I'll get back from the dorm situation I'll be able to give you a deposit, whatever you want. But—" I drop my arms and shrug "—that's my offer. As