Okay, so I went through my old story, and realized two things 1. It wasn't the best thing I've written 2. I had no idea anymore where I was going...aka, I had no idea how to write it and how they were going to get back. Now, i have ideas, and it's much simpler in my mind. It's changed, but only slightly. It won't affect much of what I've written, until parts I haven't written now, and I have my wonderful friend Baby Denim eyes editing and giving me ideas to make it better, but it won't be a Legomance anymore, at least, not from the "main" character's POV. Don't worry though, Legolas will still find a girl! It shouldn't be too drastic, I just couldn't continue. Let me know what y'all think. Thank you so much! "So what happened exactly?" one of my best friends, Mandy, asked. "Do we have to go through this again? He was too clingy! It was getting on my nerves that he wouldn't let me hang out with my friends. Isn't it supposed to be the other way around anyways? Now just drop it Mandy. Please," One of my other best friends, Elizabeth, answered. "Yeah, really Mandy? Be considerate, she did like him in the beginning!" Delia, my other best friend, yelled. Mandy let out a huff of annoyance. "I'm not saying she didn't like him initially, I'm merely asking why they broke up!" We were currently in my living room and were sitting on my couch talking about Elizabeth's current ex-boyfriend, Tristan (or, as Mandy likes to call him, Weasel.) My Lord of the Rings Blu-ray extended edition played in the background. They were my favorite movies, high up on Mandy's list, and Delia and Elizabeth just watched them to humor us. High school graduation was the day before, so we were all in good spirits, but wanting to spend as much time together as we could before we were separated my college or something else entirely. Other than us, though, the house was silent. My brother, Pete, was at West Virginia University studying Physics, but since school was out for the summer, my mom was picking him up. Ironically, some techie whiz kid group messed with the electrical systems in all four of the junior high schools in our school district, resulting in a massive electrical short. Barely having enough school days left in the year for a full week of school, the district board finally did something nice and let everyone out early. My sister, an eighth grader, took advantage of the situation and arranged a sleepover at one of her friends' houses. My dad was on a business trip to Switzerland again— this time for three weeks (the longest yet) instead of the usual week and a half, and he'd left only two days ago. This left me with a house to myself (not including my dog, Manny), in which I had (with permission) my closest friends over. "Amy, I'm hungry," Delia complained, pulling me out of my thoughts. I slowly turned my head to her, my brain still processing. "Well, what do you want me to do about it?" I asked with a straight face. She gave me a pout and we held a staring contest. A chorus of 'Go Amy's came from the other two, forcing Delia's pout to grow more until she finally caved. "Fine, I give! Have you rearranged for kitchen at all since I've last been here?" Delia asked, standing up. I gave her a 'seriously?' look, and she rolled her eyes and stalked off. I heard her go into the kitchen and approximately three seconds later, the radio was turned on. "It's too cliché, I won't say I'm in love!" I heard. I grinned wide, and jumped up. Elizabeth and Mandy both joined me, and we started dancing (a very loose sense of the term, though— Mandy could do the grapevine and I could spin in a circle without tripping over my own feet). At first I thought we were doing a pretty good job of dancing quietly (Delia would be offended if she knew we were dancing without her) but eventually I knew this was not the case. "If you're gonna dance, you can dance your asses in here and help!" Delia yelled. "If you want food, that is!" I think "running" doesn't quite interpret the way we moved. I think "mad dash" fits it best. Now keep in mind, Delia's not very violent, but she seems so innocent, she has a knack for making even the smallest guilt eat at you. As for the rest of us, I'm probably the one who is most violent. I shoot archery with my dad, practice sword play with my brother, do Taekwondo with them both, and am generally better with fists than words… that may have also been part of the reason I never got asked out, actually. But actually, the group I'm with has more influence on who I am. I'll start with Delia. As I said, at first she seems the most innocent, but the more you get to know her you know she's good at guilt tripping. I don't mean this in a bad way, but it certainly helps her (and hence, us) get what she (and us) want. She has hips, but no boobs, she's not absorbed with body image, but she is still conscious of it. She has very thin brown hair, which is tiny when in a braid, and only makes her seem even more innocent, but she is far from it. She has the humor of a teenage boy, the temper and moodiness of a PMS-ing girl, and the mouth of a sailor. But she's also the first one who will notice when one's upset. Elizabeth, nicknamed Lizzy, is very different. She's got boobs, and not quite as much hip, but it's still there. Dance and song is her life, and that alone makes her more conscious of the body image than the rest of us. Though she's not as bad as most of the other girls, she's usually the one of our four to wear the most make-up. She has uncooperative, thick hair, which compliments her pale skin and freckles. She is usually much more goofy and lively, and more of an overall people-person than the rest of us. She's also more persistent when something is wrong; she won't stop until she's fixed all your problems (blessing and a curse, my friends, blessing and a curse). Now we go to Amanda (Mandy). Medium boobs, medium hips; all in all she looked pretty average, but her personality made up for it. She has a fiery temper (she's been called spitfire by polite people, and other names by the not-so-nice ones), and is always ready to throw a sarcastic comment at anyone. She always has a comeback, even as weird and as ridiculous as they sometimes are, and is never afraid to voice her opinions. Her brown hair frames her face, and falls in beautifully naturally curly waves. She's the reader and the movie-watcher, and always has a good book or movie to suggest or another fandom to go on and on about. It's quite funny when she's able to bring in Doctor Who or Harry Potter or Sherlock into a conversation as if she was simply mentioning the weather, but that's Mandy for you. She's probably the one I'd consider second most violent—her favorite pastime is threatening to beat "the tar" out of people. I have no doubt she would actually do that. Then you have me. Amy's the name and, well, everything's the game. I look exactly how it would look if you took my three friends and mushed them together into one human being. Not the best picture but it gets the job done. I have a temper that is subdued, but Lord, help us all if it's set off, which would probably mean a long grudge, too. I don't look all that innocent, but there are still plenty of references (usually sexual) that I just don't understand, which is why I still enjoy my time and watch TV shows from my past. I'm the shyest out of all of us, and though not the smartest as far as academics go, I certainly have more street smarts than the others. "Hello, Earth to Amy? Mars to Amy? Venus to Amy? Are you going to help or just stand there and stare at us as if you're seeing us for the first time?" Mandy said, pulling me out of yet another daze. I blinked, pulling myself out of my reverie, and laughed at their expressions as I joined in on the work. As I got the flour and cocoa powder out of the cupboard, I bobbed my head, singing softly under my breath. I love singing, but I didn't know how good my voice would be at seven in the morning (we pulled an all-nighter…). I was just about to crack the eggs when I heard a strange series of popping, almost like popcorn. However, it was coming from the family room, which does NOT have a microwave in it. I frowned, and walked slowly into the family room, and gasped at what I saw. "What the heck are you doing in my house? Who are you? How did you get in here?" I asked the nine men in my family room. They were dressed in the kind of stuff I wear for Halloween, with weapons of all sorts distributed amongst them. I took a couple of steps back before backing into the wall. My eyes were probably as wide as dinner plates, and it didn't help that I never learned any self-defense for swords except for dueling with my brother, but my sword was upstairs in my room. I tried to keep my heart rate from speeding up insanely and keep a brave face on, but I was still rather small, so it didn't help that half of them looked like they could crush my head with two fingers. I wasn't tiny parse, but 5'5'' wasn't ginormous either. I was shorter than my friends, but not the shortest in our class. These guys were completely mixed. Five of them were short, looking about five feet tall, one looking slightly taller and much "rounder" than the others, with a really long beard. The other four were all different. One was really old looking with really long grey hair and a really long beard. Another one looked young but was taller than the rest (probably the same height as the old guy though) and had really long blonde hair. The third one had shoulder length black hair and stubble, and the fourth one seemed to be the most buff and had slightly shorter red hair than the black-haired guy. I felt my throat close up, fear creeping into my being and goose bumps started scattering themselves on my skin. Strange people were in my HOUSE. I must've looked absolutely terrified, because one of the men (the one with the black hair) stepped forward. "Lady, there is no need-" Suddenly, there was a loud clatter in the kitchen, followed shortly by Mandy's "Aww, shit, you dropped the chocolate mix on the floor!" and Delia's "This is why I don't cook!" and Elizabeth's "Guys, I'm taking over. Go wash your hands!" All the men, regardless of height and how tough they looked, jumped nervously. Me, still being plastered against the wall, didn't react. Not even a minute later both Mandy and Delia walked through the archway to my living room, licking gooey batter off their fingers. "OOH! COSPLAY!" They shouted and hurried over towards the men. Almost in synch, they stepped back away from the two girls. Mandy and Delia stopped and saw me against the wall. Delia frowned at me. "Why are you on the wall?" She asked. Mandy, being one of my oldest friends, rolled her eyes at