On a certain day at the Dursley's, young Harry Potter woke up with a headache. Grimacing, he touched his scar, and found it covered it blood. Remembering the particularly brutal bullying of last night, he sighed and began to wash it off. As he cleaned himself of the dried blood, his weariness turned to anger. Why did he, a boy who did absolutely nothing to offend anyone, have to deal with this? It was manageable that he managed to scrape some food for himself, and that his cupboard could be locked from the inside. But the beatings? What did he ever do to warrant that? Fuming, he didn't notice that his wound had opened up again, nor his right eye changed from its emerald green hue to crimson red. At first, he thought nothing of it. However, it didn't take long for him to notice the blood that was leaking out of his wound was now hovering in the air. He gasped. Though he was six, common sense told him that when things that shouldn't fly just happened to float in the air, something was going on. He swiped his hand to the side and the blood followed the motion. "Whoa," the boy whispered. He pushed his hand forward and swirled his finger around, the blood mimicking his motions. Taking a risk, he clenched his eyes tight and let more blood flow as he dug into the wound with a rock. He whimpered at the pain, but it slowly subsided and when he opened his eyes, Harry found there was a lot more blood to work with. Testing something, he mimicked the motion of a chop with his hand. "Ah!" The resulting action caused the blood to suddenly cut through what was in the general direction of the chop - in this case, it was his table. It seemed to solidify, sharpen, cut, and destabilize all in a fraction of a second. harry blinked before he gave a quiet cheer. His happiness was short-lived, however, as he suddenly felt extremely tired. Instinctively, he touched his scar, and the blood returned to the wound, sealing it and the pain subsided, thought he exhaustion had not. Feeling a sudden urge to drink some orange juice or eat a cookie, Harry stumbled out of the cupboard, slightly paler than before but with a satisfied look on his face. He thought maybe, just maybe, he could have some fun for once. Professor McGonogall was stunned by what she had witnessed. She had been doing a monthly check in Harry Potter, against Dumbledore's advice, and she witnessed Harry utilizing wandless magic. That in itself was awe-inspiring for the professor, who knew that without the focus of wand, many underage wizards would end up causing calamnities. Potter, however, seemed to be controlling his blood with ease. Blood. She has never heard of such magic that relied on the blood of the wielder as its energy. No doubt it must have been a Dark Arts magic, but where in Merlin did Potter learn to do so? She watched with fascination as Harry used his blood to float a ball near the other child and drop the sphere, them quickly returning the blood back to himself to seal the wound. The victim looked around in confusion and accused his friend of doing so, much to the latter's confusion. And the boy was only eight. "With his father's love of pranks and his mother's wisdom," she wondered, preparing to return to Hogwarts. "He is sure to do great things. Amusing, yes, but great." She wondered if she should report this to Dumbledore, but decided against it. Her better judgement warned of ulterior motives, and she'd be damned if something were to happen to the boy. "Alright, boy," hissed Vernon. "No funny stuff, understand? This is Dudley's special day, and if everything goes fine, we might even treat you a little on your birthday, though don't expect too much. Mess up, however, and I swear you'll spend your birthday in chains." Harry nodded. He had gotten used to the threats by now, though he did make the effort to give a terrified facade in order to not provoke his uncle anymore. He must have satisfied Vernon, who grunted and let the boy enter the car. At the zoo, while Dudley and his friends ran around looking at animals, Harry just sat in front of a snake. "Wow, your life must really suck, huh?" he asked. To his surprise, the snake roused up and nodded at him. "You ... you can understand me?" Another nod. "Do you miss your family?" At this, the snake jerked it's head to the side. Harry looked in that direction and saw that the snake was born in captivity. "That must suck, being locked away your whole life. I mean, that's what I deal with too, but at least I get to run around sometimes. Is there anyway you can help?" The snake looked at Harry and flicked its tongue before leaning its head close to the glass. Harry hesitatingly reached out and touched the glass, just where he would have met the snake. Unfortunately for him, the glass was between the two. Thinking of this made Harry angry. He felt that it was wrong to lock away animals to be teased and made fun of, without any regard for their own feelings. He felt a hot feeling inside of him and decided to try something. He darted his eyes around to see if there was anyone looking, before taking out a razor and cutting into the flesh between his thumb and his index finger. With a supply of blood available now, he used it to cut a hole cleanly through the glass, just so it could let the snake out without being noticed. Upon seeing this mode of freedom, the snake slithered out of its compound. "Thankssss," it hissed before silently slithering out of the area. Harry quickly replaced the cut portion and walked away from the section, awaiting the screams that would arise. Overall, the day went rather well for Harry. No one could prove he was the culprit, so his uncle and aunt had no evidence against Harry. The result was Dudley got the scare of his life, while Harry enjoyed a nice evening in his cupboard, idly swirling blood around. He would have found his gift weird, even horrifying, but then he thought of there possibilities. By now, he could manipulate the blood into objects, although he still ran the problem of getting extremely exhausted whenever he was finished. When he fell asleep, he was surprised to see an older version of himself looking back at him. "Hello, Harry," smiled Not-Harry. "It's nice to meet you." Harry blinked. "Should I be panicking, shouting, or listening quietly?" Not-Harry laughed. "Ah, I remember being young. You're free to do as you please, though I'd prefer if you listened." "Go on, then." "Right, well, put it simply ... bah, screw this cliched crap. I won't go into the whole " I'm you from the future " stuff, since I'm guessing you've figured it out by now." Not-Harry then proceeded to explain to Harry what would happen in the future. "Wait, hold up," stated Harry, as Not-Harry was about to go into the events of the Battle of Hogwarts. "This whole time-travel thing ... didn't you say that you weren't allowed to meet up with your past self?" Not-Harry sighed. "Yes, well, that's the usual case, but you'd be surprised at what can happen when circumstances align themselves. In this case, we've remedied the problem simply by creating a new universe." "What?! And wait, who's we?" "Death. You'd be surprised at the lengths she's willing to go to to please her master. And yeah, we decided simply to wipe away out universe and create yours. Before you say anything, though, I'd like you to understand this: a young boy, who is not even legally allowed to emancipate himself from his abusive guardians has the world's most treacherous sociopath set out to kill him. Over the course of many, many trials, he succeeds in banishing the murderer and avenge his parents' deaths. You'd think the world would give him a rest, don't you think? Hah, no. Albus Dumbledore, who I once thought to be the greatest man alive, took most of the credit - even while dead. Every rescue, every good deed I did, was portrayed under his name. Anything not credited to him was given to Ron. The person I was engaged to, Ginny, and her family - or well, most of it anyways; i still respect George, but that's beside the point - they used me as a means to achieve fame and prestige. I wasn't made aware of the fact that I was being given love potions on a daily basis until a friend was visiting and told me his suspicions. You have no idea how maddening it was, that I was yet to live as controlled as before. And then there were all the deaths ..." At this Not-Harry faltered, and Harry did not press for details. "Well, Future-me, what exactly has changed?" "Bah, I'm not even a future version of you, more like an AU version, but that's irrelevant. Well, for one, you have knowledge of what will happen in the future, so I heavily expect you to fix them. And another thing is the whole blood magic thing. Yeah," he stated, taking a sharp breath. "I don't know why, I don't really care, but it did the job. Everything's changed now, meaning that you can fix things." Harry mulled all of this over. He was still 10 years old, and this was a lot for him to take in. "Say I believe you, and all this comes true. How will I know what decisions to make?" "My memories will be merged with yours. Also, if further advice is needed, I'm sure Death will help." Once Harry woke up, he blinked before giving a grin. "Oh man, it's good to be back." ' Now, ' he wondered. ' If what I remember is correct, today is the day that the letters should start arriving. However, knowing that things probably changed cause fuck it, I'd expect a visitor. But who?' As Harry was cooking breakfast, he heard the thundering voice of Petunia tremble with fury as she opened the door to a visitor. "You!" Quickly finishing up, Harry set breakfast at the table and peeked to find that Aunt Petunia was talking to an elderly woman in robes. His eyes widened as he saw who it was. "Yes, Petunia. It is I. I am here to take young Harry to Hogwarts." "Good riddance, too! You and your freakish ... kind, leaving us with a freak to look after! I was ready to kick the brat out if the house if you didn't pick him up." "Now, Mrs. Dursley, we've had this discussion with Dumbledore before. Despite any ill-will towards the Potter's they-" "Are still my kin," she sneered. "Tell me ... McGonagall, was it? You think kin means a single shit to me? This ... freak," she spat out. "Is the very reason my husband and I could not have our second child. No longer could we support another child, since he was foisted on us!" McGonagall listened to this rant in silence and waited for her to finish. "If so, I trust you have no objections to him leaving now." "Potter!" she screeched. "Pack your stuff and get out! I don't ever want to see you here again!" Once Harry had left the house, he feigned curiously at McGonagall. "I assume you are a professor?" "That is correct, yes. And we will be getting your stuff soon. However, I would like to ask you something." "Yes, ma'am?" "I have seen it before, but would like to confirm it ... Can you use blood magic?" Harry did not answer, instead he cut himself