I dont own twilight and no copy right has been intended After being dissowned by Charlie due to the pack Bella leaves for collage reciving a full scholership to Yale vowing to never return to forks. CHAPTER ONE BELLA'S POV I swore i would never return to Washington let alone Forks, yet here I was. As one of the youngest Cardiologist's in the country I was still striving to prove myself. Graduating three years earlier than my fellow classmates I was able to take on a surgical rotation and this is the reason I find myself back in Forks hospital. I had been elbows deep in eight year old Aaorta for the majority of the afternoon and late into the evening and now I was bone tired but in desperate need of a drink. I draged my weary body into the closest reasurant and blissfully sank onto the bar seat closest to me. "What will it be?" I didn't even bother to look up just ordered my wiskey neat and coming fast. I was into my second glass when rambunctious cheering could be heard from the other room as the door swung open to what I assumed was the reception room I heard a cheer ring out. Not only did I recognise those voices but I couldn't mistake the booming voice congratulating Charlie and Sue on thier nuptuals. It didnt come as a surprise to me that I wasn't invited and to be honest I truley didn't care anymore. Charlie has made it clear all those years ago how he felt about me so it came as no surprise I hadn't been invited. FLASHBACK I was making dinner for Charlie late one night, he had been called out on a hit and run a few hours ago and I knew he would be hungry. I was humming to myself putting the fixings for desert together when he came storming through the door. I turned around to greet him when he slapped me across the face, the power of it knocking me to the ground. "You are no daughter of mine, you filthy little slut!" he looked down on me in a rage and I swore he was going to kick me in the face "Daddy?" "I am not your father, get the fuck out of my house" and with that he stormed out of the door calling behind him "You have two hours be gone by then". That was the last time I saw Charlie. It wasn't the last he heard of me though for six weeks later I hired a lawyer. Unbeknownst to Charlie I had my grandmothers will, the ironic thing was I found it in the same place the leech had hidden the things his family had given me. She had left me her house a substantual amount of cash in a trust fund and the kicker Charlie was meant to be paying me rent if he was to remain in my house. I didn't know what I has suppost to have done, what would make him treat me like that but as I left forks I had a fair idea Jake and Leahs smug satisfied smiles told me all I needed to know they were the last things I saw as I left Fork boundaries but I vowed that day I would have my vengance on Charlie and the pack if it was the last thing I did. Charlie was kicked out of my house with the clothes on his back the same as he did me, I repaid him back in kind for the small fracture in my cheek bones too paying the biggest badest biker I could find to lure Charlie in. I must admit he got a little carried away, but that too was justified. I'd need a couple more drinks if I was to go down that memory lane cluster fuck. I slowly opened the door as Charlie was ending his speech, "And lastly I would like to thank my new daughter Leah, finaly I have one to be proud of" he was saying. I left without the pack or Charlie ever being aware of my presents,left the rest of the wiskey on the bar and headed out. What a joke, a daughter who he could be proud of... Huh! Face planting into my bed I didnt move untill my pager sounded. I rushed into the hospital and into the surgical facilities, students were filing into the viewing rooms that looked out into the operating theater. "What do we have?" "Man in his late seventies heart attack, Ecg's showed alarming loss of right ventrical suspect numerous blockages" As the triage sister briefed me I was glancing over the patients test results, this would be a tricky case and if the patient was to make it I needed to go in within the next half hour. I prepped, scrubbed and headed in. This is where I shined and it was due to my sucess rate that I was invited to teach as well as had an open invitation to most hospitals inside the USA and quite a few in Europe. I entered the theater and stopped short for there on the table looking the frail old man that he is, was old Quill. Taking a deep breath I sucked it up and got on with it. Ten hours later I was exausted but optimistic that he would make a full recovery. I was just removing my scrubs when the attending nurse informed me that the patients family were waiting to talk to me. I really wanted to blow them off but profesionalisum kept me walking towards the waiting room. I entered silently and waited I could see the wolves senting the air, at first there was dead silence and than Jake was the first to speak or well yell that is. "What the hell are you doing here Isabella?" he snapped, growles could be heard in the little room but I wasnt scared or intimidated I just laughed ignored him and got on with my job. I turned and faced Quill not breaking eye contact. "Hello I am Doctor Swan and I was one of your grandfathers surgon today, your grandfather will be fine, we had to unblock his right ventrical and installed a pace maker. The pace maker was nessesary due to the damaged caused to his heart and it will act as a difribulator in case of heart failure, it will deliver a series of shocks to the heart to prevent it from stopping or basicaly re-starting it. Your grandfather is currently in Intensive care and will remain in a medically induced coma whilst his heart recovers. He will need on going physio therapy and a major change of diet, i have written referals for the dietitions and physios and they will be in to discuss his on going treatments within the next couple of days. I have also tranfered post surgical care under Dr Grandy Jr who will be in shortly to see you. Do you have any questions?" I dont know what I expected but it wasn't for Quill to stare at me like I was the second coming or something. I could feel the eyes of the pack, elders and Charlie but I made no effort to look at any of them. Since no questions were forth coming I turned and left the room. I hadn't taken more than ten steps away from the doorway when Quill came barreling out." "Doctor Swan! Bella please" and with that I snapped spinning on my heels I stalked to Quill. I imagine by the look on his face that my expression was rather scary "What rights do you have to call me Bella?" I spat "I.. I'm sorry I just wanted to thankyou" he lead off with saying "Your all fucking pathetic two faced bastards, you should be thanking me too cause belive me I wanted nothing but to let his sorry, racist arse die, your all fucking lucky I actually have morals something you fuckers are all lacking in" and with that I left a stunned Quill standing in that hallway. I wished with all my might that that would be the last time I would ever be in the same room as them, but lets face it I could never get that lucky. JAKE'S POV All the pack and elders gathered around Charlie and Sue shouting their congratulations. The wedding had been spactacular and Sue and Charlie looked so happy. Harry had died two years after Charlie had thrown Bella out. I hated what I had done to her and the reasons why but looking at my imprint I couldnt regret it. FLASHBACK A howl went up into the air echoing around the valley I was in another one of us had phased. I took off running to Sam's house only to come to a compleate stop, there in my head was Leah freaking out. Our legends never fore told of a Female shifting. I started running again as Sam was having trouble controling her, as the natural Alpha of the pack my commands tended to have more swey than Sam's even though I didn't want the position. "Leah stop and calm down" I commanded once I had shifted. She turned to me growling and then bam...Just like that I imprinted and by the looks of it a double imprint had occured. Leah hated Bella, had done so since she was a child. She was also jealous of the friendship we once had. Her hatred was almost irrasional at times, and although I hadn't spoken or seen Bella since she slapped Paul, Leah was still jealous of how I had felt about her before the imprint. I think deep down Leah was worried that I would do to her what Sam had done to her, even with the imprint her head was always a snarly mess when it came to Emily and Bella. I had no problem helping Leah poision Charlies mind he had always known me more than he had Bella, so it wasnt all that hard to take advantage, I dropped a few snide comments here and there about her hitting on the leech doctor and thats the reason they left not to mention her making advances toward my father. leah wanted her gone and it was my duty to make my imprint happy. Sue helped a little too, my guess was she just wanted her little girl to be happy and would do what it took to do so, consequensece be damned! I didn't know what went down Between Bella and Charlie but what happened next was really surprising. One wet raining night Charlie had arrived with Sue behind him, clothing piled in the back of the cruiser. Seem's like Charlie had been stealing from Bella for years and had payed the price. About three weeks later Sue got a phone call from the Forks police, Charlie had been beaten and left on the side of the road. He never mentioned what went down that night but had been twitchy ever since. He also had a slight limp and a scar across his left cheek it didn't ditract from his looks he looked rather dapper as he was making his speech. PRESENT DAY It was well into the early hours when Old Quill and my dad were heading home when Old Quill fell to the floor, we rushed him to the hospital and had been waiting ever since. When a tired looking Emergancy doctor stepped into the room we all jumped to attention. "How is my grandfather?" Quill asked "He has had a major heart attack and is in a critical condition, fortunately one of the best cardioligist in the country was in the area to perform another surgery and is for the next week on call in our hospital. I would like to say your grandfather will be ok but like I said he is