Disclaimer: No of course I am not JK Rowling but even still I'm flattered you might think so *winks obnoxiously* That said, I own none of the characters from the Harry Potter Franchise, even though I WISH I was that creative/gifted. Alas, I am not. This is my first time writing a Harry Potter fanfic, but I only just read them again for the first time in years and now I'm more or less obsessed. I hope you like this story, and if you do please drop a review and tell me so!:) Hope you like it! OOO Lily Evans both started and finished her day frowning in a four-poster bed with crimson Gryffindor sheets. By the time she was headed off to sleep, of course, it would be in a bed that belonged to someone else -although it looked exactly the same- surrounded by a crew of people who were not her friends, in a body that wasn't even her own. But when she first woke up on the second Monday in November in her seventh year at Hogwarts, Lily was not cursed—nor was she a boy, and she at the very least had the pleasure of waking up in her own bed, surrounded by her friends. Alice Cavalier, Dorcas Meadowes, Marlene McKinnon, and Mary MacDonald slept soundly and heavily. Alice's snores were the only noises interrupting the still of their dormitory. A witch like Lily had no alarm clock (although she had looked into spelling one into her brain a few times) so it was up to the sun to do the dirty work. Every morning around six, a few golden rays struck her straight in the eye and told her that she wasn't allowed to dream anymore. Lily's four roommates -and, naturally, best friends at Hogwarts, especially now that a certain Severus Snape was no longer in the picture- assumed that this must have been a nicer way to wake up than how they had to (it was Lily's job to shake them awake -rather viciously, in Marlene's case, as she slept like a block of cement- and seven years rooming together was evidently not enough time to get used to that), but they were wrong. Lily used to love the sun. When she was young, when she was just a child with the uncanny ability to make grass grow long and clouds turn dark, Lily took the entire summer outside to feel it on her. Sometimes, when letting her mind run rampant wasn't stimulating enough, she might have brought out a book, or a neighbor, or her beloved older sister Petunia to experience the euphoria she did in those precious moments outside. Petunia, of course, never felt the same way about the sun as Lily. She was thirteen when her sister received her Hogwarts letter, and knew all about how the sun provided plants with the essential nutrients they needed, as she had learned so during science class, but never understood the magic of a bright orb nearly ninety-three million miles from her in the way Lily could. Petunia never truly saw the magic in anything, and in the same way, she refused to accept it when she saw it burning in her sister's forest-colored eyes. Seven years later, her eyes were empty and lifeless and the sun did plenty of burning, as magic used to. During dreams -whenever she was gifted with one, that is- Lily felt untouchable, and the glaring sun took that from her every morning. On the second Monday of November, which was a day just like any other, Lily pushed her red tresses behind unpierced ears, downed a pint of water, and brushed her teeth in the still of morning. Then she emerged from the bathroom to wake up her friends: first Dorcas, in the bed closest to the wall, then Alice, then Mary, and finally, Marlene. Marlene McKinnon, as usual, put up one heck of a fight, but gave in and got up when Lily threatened to hex her hair blue. Marlene certainly seemed to love her hair: she kept it long and mahogany, and spent nearly an hour on it each morning. Lily knew that weakness, and bitterly exploited it time and time again. That girl was stubborn as an ox, and Lily had run out of patience somewhere in the middle of fourth year. Mary hummed absentmindedly, lost in her own world as the five girls put on proper robes, did their hair, and put on makeup. It was a routine that was easy for Lily to get lost in: clothes already ready on the edge of the bed; mascara, eyeliner, and a bit of concealer for her plum-colored under-eyes; hair pulled back into the tightest ponytail she could manage; and a floor full of sprawled books to be packed away for today's classes, all set to the backdrop of Blackbird by the Beatles. Lily appreciated the fact that Mary was a muggle-born like herself in moments like this. The serenity of that gentle hum nearly calmed her mind enough to make her smile. Nearly. At seven thirty, Lily and her friends took their seats around the Gryffindor table and situated their own conversation into the chaos of the Great Hall. This wasn't helped, of course, by the fact that James Potter and his gaggle of Marauders sat only a few feet from them. The group of four were so noisy and obnoxious it made her delicate mind want to rip itself apart. Potter and his best friend Sirius Black were the worst of the bunch: constantly yelling about nonsense and planning rather elaborate pranks. Lily was surprised her former fellow Prefect Remus Lupin could even put up with them, and she was especially dumbfounded at her awareness of how much he loved his friends, although she understood Peter Pettigrew's, their fourth's, obsessive adoration. Lily found herself unimpressed, much to the frustration of the imbecile Potter, who was evidently in love with her. Lily had been used to his pestering and over-done declarations of love, and even got over the initial shock the first time he asked her on a date towards the end of their first year enough to where every time after that (it was uncountable number, piling up as the years went on) was no longer an event. She had not, however, been able to reconcile with the fact that this James Potter was one she had been familiar with. Since becoming Head Boy of the Gryffindor house, Potter had shown loose responsibility and some semblance of maturity, although Lily refused to accept this ruse and fought him on nearly everything. She figured it had to be some sort of a plot or prank. But while he was acting his age for the first time in his life, Lily was saved of some anger while she was Head Girl. She still hated him, but he surprised her. "Morning, Evans," Potter smiled cheerfully as if everything was right with the world, "you're looking spectacularly brilliant, nothing new there I suppose." "Bugger off, Potter." Lily shoved her head into her hands, trying to still the moment and give him the hint that she just so wasn't in the mood. Not that she ever was, and not that he ever seemed to care. "No need to be rude," interjected Sirius Black, who was at Potter's side as if stuck to him with a permanent sticking charm, "S'okay mate, it's common knowledge that a girl is only mean to a guy when she fancies him." "You fancy me, Evans?" Potter stifled a gasp and smirked obnoxiously. "You could've told me! We probably could have been married by now! God, there's so much planning to do. Padfoot —my best man, of course— you're in charge of my Bachelor Party, think you can handle it?" Potter turned back to Black and clapped him on the shoulder. "I have never been so honored in my entire life." "I think you might have to wait on the whole 'marriage' thing." Remus objected, after peeling his eyes away from his scrambled eggs. No one seemed to notice that Lily's plate was adorned only a handful of almonds and a quarter of a grapefruit, while everyone else stuffed theirs with eggs and sausage and kippers and other fattening foods that would have made the petite redhead vomit. "Wizarding Law states that two people cannot marry until they've completed their education. That said, I wish you both the best of luck." "Darn then, I guess we'll have to wait a few months. A shame to the whole wizarding community, if you ask me." Remarked James, while Sirius mumbled curiously something along the lines of, "Where did you learn a thing like that where you can spit it out fluently, and when exactly are you planning to pass the text book you clearly swallowed?" "I dunno, Potter, I'm thinking we'd have to wait a bit longer than that." Lily turned around to glare at them, popping an almond into her mouth. "How about we wait until I'm dead and we can consider our feelings then?" "Oh no, Love, see I've already planned this out: we're going to die in each other's arms when we're very, very old, surrounded by our many children and their own families, of course." "What a shame, you will be missed." Sirius sadly proclaimed, putting an arm around his best mate. Peter, who was sitting next to Remus, looked absolutely heartbroken and offered his condolences. "And I'm sure I won't be if I leave now." Lily got up abruptly, her already nearly empty plate still half full, and bid her friends farewell. She'd see them in History of Magic in only a few minutes, and by now they were used to her skipping out on breakfast a bit early to avoid further contact with the boys she hated the most. "Oi, Evans, where're you going?" James called, running to catch up with her. "Leave me alone, Potter, I've had enough of you for today." "Please, you and I both know we couldn't possibly get enough of each other if we tried." He protested, his tone suggesting that this was an obvious thing that she had missed. "Also, it's my pleasure to remind you that we've got a patrol tonight." Lily grimaced but stared ahead, determined not to even dignify this interaction by looking at him. "Unfortunately, I haven't forgotten." "Yes, been looking forward to it all day, I suppose. I can understand that, and I'm also glad we're finally on the same page. Oh wait, you've been in love with me all this time, I've forgotten." James tapped his head, leaving Lily sure that he had lost a few brain cells while doing so. "You sure do have an interesting way of showing it, might I say." "Get lost, you idiot. I am so surely not in the mood for your stupidity." "That's because you left breakfast too early, you've hardly eaten anything. I'd be cranky too if I was running on an empty stomach." James took her wrist and pressed an apple into her hand, taking pleasure to trace it with his own fingers as he tightened her hold on his gift. Lily's mouth parted as she was about to tell him off, but James simply winked at her and strutted back to the Great Hall. Lily, ignoring both the throbbing in her head and her stomach, found the nearest trash can and dumped the apple there. OOO James Potter sadly had to report to his friends, as he retreated back through the double doors of the Great Hall, that nothing had changed so far that day; at that point completely unaware that so many things would be changed by the time night fell. They were disappointed, but clearly not surprised. As he sat down and buried himself in sausage, fried eggs, bacon, hash browns, French Toast topped with syrup, and pumpkin juice, he waited to be consoled (the Marauders were always