Chapter 1: Laying an egg Severus settled himself at his accustomed perch at the end of the bar, and Tim the barman nodded. Severus gave a tight smile in return. Tim handed change over to another patron, an older man, then turned to pick up a glass, filling it with a double measure of whiskey. No ice. He knew the slightly greasy young man would nurse it for an hour or more, and it didn't make him much profit, but he was happy to see the young Snape capable of being in society without drinking himself to oblivion, unlike his father. He'd seen his profits go down when Tobias Snape finally landed up in hospital with cirrhosis of the liver at the ripe old age of forty-three, but Tim couldn't say he was particularly sorry to read the obituary for the old man. He'd been violent, full of temper, and though it had never been proved, or even brought to court, it was widely believed by the locals that he'd killed his wife, mousy little Eileen. Tim had lost count of the number of times he'd herded Tobias out so he could lock the door at the end of the night, and he knew a bottle awaited the man at home too. He'd always felt sorry for Eileen, with her black eyes, and the small boy who learnt early to be silent. Tobias had never showed off his child like the other men at the pub. He hadn't drunk to celebrate when Eileen went into hospital to birth Severus; he'd groused about mouths to feed. "Alright, Sev?" Tim asked, sliding the drink across the bar to him. "How's medical school going?" "Lots of work," Severus commented shortly. "Aye, I've heard it's a tough business," Tim agreed. Severus had exact change on the bar already, and Tim took it and went on to his next customer, leaving the brooding teenager to stare moodily at the opposite wall. He'd been there almost twenty minutes when Tim noticed a little figure climbing up onto the stool next to him. Annie Brandon. He suppressed a smile: her parents would be furious to see her in this 'den of immorality' as Paul Brandon was fond of calling it. The fact that Tim saw them every week at Mass didn't seem to convince them that perhaps alcohol was not the very work of the devil. He probably wouldn't approve of his daughter mixing with Severus Snape either- he had his heart set on a marriage between her and the vicar's second son, never mind that Severus (funny name, that, Tim had never quite figured out why you'd give the moniker to a baby...) was going to be a doctor. Not that Annie was any match for him intellectually, of course. He let her be for a few moments. He'd give the younglings time to talk before offering her a lemonade. She'd been in looking for Severus three nights running, but the dour young man didn't come in on any schedule. Tim knew. Tim knew all his locals. "Hello, Sev," Annie said quietly. Severus grunted in reply. He'd known Annie since they were children in primary school. Not many people had enjoyed being around him even then- he had never been quite clean until he grew up enough to be in charge of his own hygiene. Not Annie, though… Annie had been one of those universally sweet children, who wanted to make friends with everyone. He hadn't encouraged her, but that hadn't deterred her. He hadn't seen her for years, until his mother's funeral two years ago, then, a few months past, here. He cringed with the memory. He'd missed Lily, been furious at news of her engagement to Potter… "I've tried visiting you, but you never seem to be in," she said. "I work a lot," he replied evenly, still not looking at her. That, and he didn't want anyone to see the state of Spinner's End, so he never answered the door. It was in too poor a state to sell, too far gone for the few simple spell repairs he knew, and he had no money for other digs, so he shivered each winter's night beneath a mountain of blankets, and paid his floo connection fee so he could get to St. Mungo's. He did work a lot, to be fair, between his classes and his ward duties and spending long evenings in the library. The library had light, and warmth, and no-one bothered him there.. What spare time he had was dedicated to serving, serving the greater good, though lately he found himself inwardly tensing as the anti-muggle sentiment grew. It seemed that the Death Eaters were turning from their original path of maintaining the old ways, the sanctity of magic, and instead veering into fear and hatred of anyone not pureblooded. Idiots. It wasn't the halfbloods and muggleborns diluting magic, else how did you explain the likes of Lily: muggleborn and brilliant? How long, he wondered, until the axe would fall on the likes of him, branded follower or no? "I erm, I need to tell you something," she pressed on, pulling him out of his reverie. Severus resisted the urge to drop his head to the smooth wood of the bar top. He'd only come in for a drink and some feeling of connection to the world around him, even the muggle one. It wasn't like he was made very welcome in most Wizarding establishments. "What?" he snapped. He hadn't looked at her once, but he still felt her shrink away from him. He mentally berated himself- it wasn't her fault that he was exhausted, and a headache was blooming behind his eyes. She probably wanted to share some local news, some snippet about a former classmate. Tedium, but certainly nothing to be cruel about. His tutors persisted in telling him he needed to be more personable. "What is it, Annie?" he repeated more gently. "Maybe we could go somewhere else?" she asked hesitantly. So it wasn't some tidbit of gossip, then? Severus finally turned to look at her. She was chewing on her lower lip, and she looked like she was about to cry. He knocked back the rest of his drink, mourning the quiet time mulling over it, and slipped from the high stool. "Come," he sighed, ushering her ahead of him out of the pub into the late evening light. The little play park across the road was empty; the young occupants gone home for their tea and a bath and bed. He waved a slender hand across to the deserted swings, the slide reflecting the low sun. She nodded stiffly. He glanced at her as they wandered across the quiet road. Her cheeks seemed fuller, her face a little rounder. She was the opposite of him: all curves and smiles and dancing blue eyes, not sharp angles and brooding darkness. Had she put on a little weight, he wondered? He opened the gate for her, the hinges squeaking. She made a beeline for the swings. They squeaked too. He leaned against the upright of the swings, the metal post digging into his back. "What's wrong?" he asked. She only let go of her lip from between her teeth long enough to ask the question. "How do you feel about marriage?" He frowned deeply, his heavy brows meeting. "What's this about, Annie?" he snapped. Had she heard about Lily, and her engagement? Was she going to torment him about it? That didn't seem like Annie, though. Was she worried that she was not yet engaged? Severus was no great confidant to her, though, he'd not seen her since he bundled her out of his door, her buttons not quite done up right. He should never have taken advantage of her like that… His brain had whirred through all of these possibilities before she'd worked up the courage to answer. "I… I'm going to have a baby," she whispered, so quietly that he wondered if he'd misheard. "Pardon?" "I'm going to have a baby," she repeated, only a squeak louder. He'd declared a specialisation in midwifery only two months earlier, the only male to have taken the specialisation in almost a decade. Was that why she was telling him this? But she didn't know, how could she know? Was it simply because she believed him to be in training to become a doctor, since she'd never have heard of a mediwizard? "That's nice for you," he replied evenly. "That is… well… if you want it…" he trailed off before he could dig himself a deeper hole. He had thought that she looked a little rounder. "When are you due?" he queried, deciding it was an innocuous enough question. "Early March, I think," she said softly. "It's nine months, isn't it?" Then: "Are you… are you pleased?" He frowned, confused. "If it is what you want, then I am pleased for you," he said carefully. She was looking at him expectantly. What did she want him to say? He raised an eyebrow. "Well, are you going to ask me?" she prompted. "Ask you?" he repeated in bewilderment. Ask her what? "To marry you," she stated. Severus' head whacked against the swing frame as he straightened rapidly. "What?" he exploded, rubbing at his head Annie looked down at her hands, clenched in her lap. Her lip was firmly wedged between her teeth again, the red flesh was white with pressure. "It's what people do, isn't it, when this happens?" she murmured. Thoughts tumbled over themselves in Severus' mind. Was she saying what he thought she was? Was she saying the child was his? Surely not… surely it couldn't be… it had been once! Once! He'd been drunk! He'd used a muggle sheath! A little voice in the back of his head, his rational self, coldly informed him that once was all it took, at the right time in a woman's cycle. And muggle birth control was fallible. He should have taken a potion, but he wasn't expecting to… He shook his head, trying to clear it, and chase out the echoing ring from hitting his head."Mine?" he croaked. She nodded. "Are you sure?" he murmured. Sure that she was pregnant, sure that it was his? Was she joking? She didn't look like she was joking... She sniffled, and nodded. He swore, and a tear dripped down her cheek and splashed onto her hand. Suddenly, she lurched upright, the violence of motion setting the seat of the swing back violently, the chains protesting. Severus' longer legs let him catch her before she'd reached the little gate, catching her around the waist. "Annie!" he said firmly, his head bent to bring his lips near her ear. "Don't run away." "You don't want me either!" she sobbed. He yanked her around to face him. "We need to sort this out." Then, thinking: "What do you mean, either? What's happened, Annie? Who doesn't want you?" "Daddy threw me out," she sobbed. "What? When?" "Three days ago, when they found out." Her voice broke and cracked as she tried to master her tears. "Mummy made me take a test… she stood and watched me while I did it, she noticed that I hadn't had my monthlies... I've been trying to find you since then." "Where are you staying, Annie?" Severus asked urgently. He could sort out the mess later, but she couldn't be out on the streets, not innocent little Annie Brandon. "With Isabel," she offered with a sniff. "On her sofa." "Isabel Warrick?" he confirmed. Isabel Warrick had been with them at school, all legs and elbows and pin-straight brown hair in pigtails. She'd just got braces the last time Severus had seen her, when they were eleven years old. Annie nodded. "She has a flat," she sniffled. "I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Sev!" Unable to help himself, he pulled her into a brief embrace. Then, he put his hands on her shoulders, pushing her back