Special thanks to Molly Jae for beta-ing this for me. This story means a lot to me, so I would love it if you told me your thoughts on it! I hope you enjoy it as much as I did writing it :) They meet like this: A little boy accepting a medal of honour for his father from her father. Madge never could understand why the people from the Seam acted the way that they did. They always seemed so angry and hard; and now, in the horribly cold weather – their anger has never been more apparent. With a thin layer of snow covering the streets and every available surface outdoors, the solemn occasion is fit with a serene background. Silence surrounds the entire affair, save for the occasional murmur amongst children – for the adults know better than to speak out of turn. Today is one of the days when Madge is truly proud to be the Mayor's daughter. There is a long line of families, and she trudges behind her father as he gives his condolences to all of them. There was an explosion, her father had told her. An explosion that killed some of their miners, and it is his job as the Mayor of District 12 to do all he can to help them. For the first family, Madge tries to be happy. She smiles graciously (just like her mother tells her to) at the widowed husband and his little girl. Just as she is walking away though, she hears a bitter whisper of ' town brat.' She tries to ignore it, having heard the words so many times before, but there is something about right here, right now, that makes sure she can't forget it. Suddenly, Madge doesn't feel so proud anymore. She notices how every person is looking at her, with such disgust and contempt. Her eyes examine the way that their clothes are barely held together by stitches, how some of the children are clutching their bellies. She then realizes that she is the very thing that, to these people, represents what took their loved ones away from them. As Madge passes each family by, it becomes harder and harder. She reaches the girl that she sits next to at school, and she has to blink back tears. She reaches two orphaned children with their grandmother, and her heart plummets at their hollowed faces. She reaches a wizened old woman who looks like she is on the brink of death, and Madge's lower lip trembles as she realizes that this woman will now have to die alone. The walk becomes a walk of shame for her, and every step is unbearable. Each family is so broken and devastated, and when Madge finally reaches the last one she cannot help the overwhelming sense of relief that overtakes her. This one is a particularly awful one to offer condolences to, because Madge now knows that nothing that her father says – and the medal that he gives – will make it alright. The mother is heavily pregnant, it looks like she could give birth any day now, and she has three young sons. The eldest, who seems just a bit older than Madge, steps forward to accept the medal. He could only be in his early teens, but there is something about him that already makes him look like a grown man. His jaw is sharp and strong, and his hair a lovely woody brown that complimented the hue of his skin. She doesn't know why she does it, she shouldn't after all. Maybe it is because this family is the last one, and she hasn't really reached out to the others… Whatever it is, she just can't help herself. "I'm sorry," she whispers to him, trying to recall his name from school. Gavin, is it? Grant, maybe? He doesn't respond verbally, and instead he just snaps his head to look up at her. Madge feels her breath catch in her throat as he looks at her with his unrelenting, intransigent seam eyes. She thinks they are the most beautiful shade of gray she has ever seen. Madge doesn't spare a glance back at him as she walks behind her father, but she can't get the way he looked at her out of her head. Gale , she thinks. That's it. They start like this: Barely concealed glances to each other from across the school yard. Madge digs her nails into her thighs as she watches her friend on screen. Her heart thumps heavily in her chest and her eyes stay locked on the project screen in the schoolyard as she surveys her friend's every move. Madge tries to commit every little tiny thing about her friend to memory: the colour of her eyes, her braid, the foot she leads with when she walks... Madge gasps as she feels one nail break the skin. She quickly pulls her hands away from her legs and folds them neatly on her lap, trying to place her focus back on the screen. She plays with the food her mother packed for her, feeling almost too queasy to eat. Madge feels a sudden chill when his gaze flits her way, and she isn't sure if it's because she caught him watching or because he knows she caught him watching. She turns her head away, refusing to acknowledge him. He doesn't have a reason to stare, and she doesn't like him at all. They're not friends, not really, seeing as they only know each other because they're both her friends and she is the Mayor's daughter. She begrudgingly reasons that he is probably hurting just as much – probably more – than she is. At this realisation, she turns back (he is still looking) and offers him a smile. He doesn't take it. They both turn at the same time back to the screen. Their friend is dehydrated and on death's corner and if she doesn't find water soon, the only way she'll be coming home is in a funeral casket. Madge cringes at the thought, and sets down her lunch. She doesn't want to eat it, and feels horrible for not wanting to when she knows so many children need and want food so desperately. She compromises as she takes little bites of her bread, and is only able to swallow with a swig of water – and that makes her feel even more horrible when she knows that Katniss would do anything for a bottle right now. When the screen changes from Katniss to a large dark boy that could be from District Eleven, Madge decides that she has had enough. She gets up from her empty table and moves to go back inside. She spares the table a glance, and almost laughs because at least five children have already moved to sit at the table Madge was sitting on exactly thirty seconds ago. It is a bit pathetic, really, when she is reminded just how resented she is by the people in this district. She reaches the door to the school, and she decides to look once more at the screen – just to check. But her eyes don't make it to the screen. Instead, they make it to him . His friends are all talking around him, but he isn't. Madge supposes that, like her, he really isn't in the mood for being around other people. For a moment, she considers beckoning him over to her – but then she reconsiders. What would they do exactly? Sit by each other in the school corridor, not even talking? They weren't friends. They were just Katniss' friends. So instead she just nods, and by some miracle, he nods too. They talk like this: Simple words that mean so much more than the context in which they are said. Her feet find their place, one after the other. She doesn't know where she is going, or why she is walking, but she is. Sometimes she thinks it is good to not have a purpose. She makes her way past the bakery – closed, always closed – and she passes through the hidden sections of town; the winding back alley and dusty streets, until the dust turns to coal and she knows she is in the Seam. She poises herself delicately, able to turn either forwards of backwards if she wants to. Her yellow dress doesn't fit in with coal dust, and she is scared that she might dirty it if she walks in further. Almost as soon as the thought comes, she banishes it away. Katniss isn't scared of a little coal, and Madge decides, neither is she. She hitches her skirt up to the middle of her thighs and step, by step, walks through the coal-covered streets. She wonders what she is doing here, all by herself, in the wrong end of town. Perhaps she is searching for some evidence that Katniss really did exist, that she isn't just a creature of the Capitol's creation. When Madge finds him, however, she knew she was looking for him all along. He's sitting on some shabby, half-nailed steps that lead up to his house. His eyes narrow as Madge slows to a halt in front of him, and she wonders if he has a personal grudge against her. She swallows, and clenches her dress harder with her fists. "Gale," she says forcefully. "Madge," he says, mimicking her. She licks her lips, trying to think of something to say. Really, what is she supposed to say to him? That she is sorry Katniss is in the arena? That she wishes Katniss would return too? "How are you?" she barks, and cringes- mentally slapping herself. "Just peachy," Gale deadpans. "Oh, well, that's great," Madge finds herself saying. She rocks back and forth on her heels. "How's your family?" "Starving." Well, then. "Huh," Madge squeaks. She blinks rapidly and clears her throat, trying to find her voice. "Well, you're certainly welcome to come over to my house any time for dinner if you would like." Gale smiles overenthusiastically. "Super! What day?" Madge smiles in return, and moves to sit down on the same step as him. "You could come on Tuesday, if you wanted. Actually, Monday is also good – if that's-" Gale's laughter cuts off her talk. "Should I bring some game along as well? Mayors love wild turkey, don't they?" He bursts into laughter again, and nudges Madge's arm with his elbow, bringing to attention that they were only a foot or so away from each other. "You'd be up for squirrel, right?" Madge frowns. "There's no need to be rude." Gale eyeballs her and shakes his head, looking in the opposite direction. Madge racks her brains for something to say, something that won't make her seem like an idiot. "Any, um, plans for the weekend?" That seems to get his attention. "Why are you asking?" Gale drones, and leans back onto his elbows. "You keen?" Madge furrows her brows. "I know you're making fun of me, I'm not stupid." "No," says Gale. "You're just hiking your dress up to your thighs for fun." Madge looks down at her legs and realises that she has been holding her dress up the entire time. She quickly lets her dress go, and attempts to smooth out the creases from where she was holding it so tight. She crosses her arms over her chest, very much annoyed. "You don't have to be mean." "I'm not being mean," Gale says. "I find it funny that you're so scared of coal dust." Madge opens her mouth in indignation, about to argue that the amount of coal surrounding the Seam is not just a little coal dust and hasn't anyone ever heard of a broom? "I'm not sc-" But Madge is cut off, as someone calls out Gale's name. "That's my mom," Gale says, nodding his head into his house. "I have to go." "Oh,