The Ghost King A cold, eerie grin plastered itself on Nico di Angelo's face like paper-maché as he sat on the throne of human bones, placed on the balcony of his castle, which overlooked the Fields of Punishment, Asphodel, and Elysium. The man donned a set of black, ancient Greek armor, all except the helmet, which was set on a side table on his right. His eyes, black as endless chasms, glinted as an evil chuckle crawled up his throat and escaped through parted lips at the mental image of his enemies' spilled blood. "It is finally time," he muttered to himself. "After all those years of isolation, judgment, and pain… I will finally get revenge." He and Bianca were at a boarding school in New Hampshire when it had happened. The school was holding a winter ball, with all the students in the cafeteria, when Dr. Bain, the Vice Principal, had called them both aside to have a discussion. The man led the two of them deep into the snowy woods adjacent to the premises, far away from any other people. The man then proceeded to ask them many questions about some place called 'Camp Half-Blood,' and when they didn't answer, he morphed into a giant scorpion-like monster that Nico later learned was called a Manticore. Instantly Bianca had grabbed her little brother's hand and began to weave in and out between the trees. But when Nico tripped over a branch hidden under the snow, the beast was able to catch up with him, and snatch him up in one massive claw. Just as he was about to go for the kill, Nico heard a voice call out, and felt a sword whiz by his head, and imbed itself in the monster's eye. Unfortunately, this was not as effective as Nico had hoped. Dr. Bain, instead of dying, let out a deafening roar, threw the weapon to the ground, and dropped Nico right on his butt. Scrambling back, he felt a hand wrap around his right elbow, and yank him back. Now before him stood a boy with hair as black as he and his sister's. The stranger had on a very brightly colored orange T-Shirt, and now at his side, the very same sword that had just saved him not moments ago. With his sword, the boy made jabs and swipes at their opponent, effectively creating a long gash in the beast's chest, causing it to bellow in pain. Nico's eyes widened when the Manticore then shot three spikes from its long barbed tail, into the ground, which morphed into ten foot tall skeleton-like warriors. Suddenly, one of the warriors raced forward, pushing the boy out of its way and into a nearby tree. Nico felt weightless for a second time, as one of the creatures lifted him off his feet, hands clasped around his throat. His vision started to darken around the edges from lack of oxygen. " Percy!" came a shout a few feet away. Nico sluggishly turned his head as much as he could, and saw two girls, one with blonde hair wearing the same shirt as the boy who pulled him back, obviously Percy. She carried a small knife. The other girl had short, choppy black hair, and wore a leather jacket, black pants and biker boots, with a bow in her hand and a sheath of arrows strapped to her back. Both had a look of fear and concern at their friend, who was now knocked unconscious. Taking notice of the two other girls, the two skeleton warriors spirted forward, snatching them up quickly and making them drop their weapons. The darkness seemed to close further and further in around Nico's eyes, like a predator stalking its prey, when suddenly, the sound of a bowstring being drawn back was heard, and one by one, each figure dropped to the forest floor. Gasping for breath, Nico glanced around him to see that each of the Manticore's minions had an arrow imbedded in their foreheads. Bianca stood not far away from them, bow still resting on her cheek. She then lowered it, then raced over to Nico, checking for injuries. The other two girls stood up as well, about to make their way over to Percy, when the Manticore was suddenly in their path. " What brave little children," he hissed at them, licking his lips. "Too bad I'll have to kill you now." But before he could even make a move, the snow underneath their feet melted into water, and levitated to form a massive sphere. Slamming into Dr. Bain, he went flying back twenty feet, impaling himself on the branch of an oak tree. There, where the monster once stood, was Percy himself. He seemed to focus on the water so that it held the monster in place. Then, calmly walking to where the beast was still struggling, impaled it through the heart with his sword. Nico couldn't even think of what to say when he saw the sword condense in on itself to form a pen, which the older boy pocketed easily. When Nico finally found his words, he asked: "Who are you? WHAT are you? I mean, you just controlled water with your mind!" Percy then introduced his friends, Annabeth (with the blonde hair), and Thalia (the punk). The three then explained that they were demigods, products of when the Greek Gods came down to earth and had affairs with mortals, and that Bianca and Nico were demigods as well. Percy was the son of Poseidon, Annabeth the daughter of Athena, and Thalia the daughter of Zeus. They were sent to come collect Nico and Bianca, and bring them back to a place called Camp Half-Blood, a place where demigods could be safe away from monsters like the ones they just encountered. After a few hours of traveling, the five of them finally reached the camp, which was in New York. Once there, a campfire was held, apparently a welcoming ritual for all new campers. Nico sat next to Percy and Bianca, who explained that this was usually when the gods would claim their children as their own. Songs were sung, and overall the event was a fun experience. Nico voiced his thoughts to Bianca of never wanting to leave, and she agreed. But the jovial times were soon interrupted when the flames of the fire grew immensely, turning an angry purple color. The camp Director, Dionysus, then appeared, saying that the goddess Artemis had been captured by enemy monsters. " Who will volunteer to save her?" he asked. Suddenly, the silver arrow symbol of Artemis appeared over Annabeth, Percy, Thalia, and Bianca's heads. " It is decided, then. You four shall go on a quest to save Lady Artemis. But be warned, it may be perilous." The gathering ended after that, and on their way back to the bunks, Nico tried his best to convince his sister not to go, for he was concerned for her welfare. When this did not work, Nico went to Percy the next morning. " I want you to promise you will keep her safe. She's all I have." And he did. Percy said he would do all in his power to protect Bianca. Nico had no doubt that the son of Poseidon could keep his sister safe, what with his amazing powers. Oh, how he was wrong. After three months of worrying of his sister's welfare, the group of demigods had finally made it back to camp, successful in their mission. But sadly Bianca was no longer with them. Percy had told him that Bianca was crushed to death, despite his best efforts to prevent that. " YOU PROMISED ME!" he shouted through his tears. "SHE WAS ALL THAT I HAD!" A few days later, the camp held a funeral for her, and it was during that that Nico's true parentage had shown. In his grief, the boy was able to summon skeleton. He was the son of Hades, God of Death itself. And now, at seven years old, he was alone. Once Nico realized that he could not only summon skeletons and zombies, but spirits, he made it his soul mission to see his sister again. When he finally did succeed, Nico remembered her telling him not to be angry, that holding grudges would kill him in the end. So he listened. Forgave the campers. Temporarily. For once the campers knew that Nico was a son of Hades, he was deemed a freak. Feared. Avoided. Ridiculed. " You're not welcome here!" they would yell at him as he walked by. For six years he was treated similarly. So, at thirteen, he abided their wishes and left. He hid himself away in the recesses of the Underworld, collecting souls for his Father, although to his reluctance, and strengthening his powers. When Nico first arrived at his father's palace, their relationship had been very… rocky, to say the least. The two barely spoke to each other, except for when he was given jobs such as collecting souls, making sure things ran smoothly in the Judgment Hall, and organizing new torture methods in the Fields of Punishment. But although Hades did not share the best of relationships with his only son, he did want him to be as prepared as he could be. So for the next five years, Nico was given the best Greek warriors as mentors, Achilles and Odysseus, who later became the boy's best friends. By the time the young Greek demigod reached eighteen, he turned powerful enough to be deemed both the Ghost King and Ambassador of Hades. All spirits of his father's domain knew to fear him, for Achilles, a ruthless trainer, had made sure his apprentice was a master in all kinds of weaponry; whereas Odysseus had helped him manipulate his powers so that he could travel through shadows, summon armies with a snap of his fingers, and even draw the souls from mortals bodies with one touch of his favorite blade. Everything was okay. That was until last year. Nico's knuckles turned white from gripping the arm rest of his throne; his mind down a rabbit hole that drove him to what he was today. Still at eighteen years of age, Nico was sitting upon the sandy beaches of the River Styx, a river separating the dead from the living, chatting with his two friends, when the Fury Alecto, a faithful servant of Hades, appeared hovering above them. " My Lord," she rasped as she beat her leathery wings. "There has been a breach on one of the forgotten entrances to this realm; it is not far from here." At this, Nico glanced up at Odysseus and Achilles, eyebrows quirked up in surprise. Then he put on the façade of a true general. " Did you happen to see exactly who or what our intruders are?" he asked. " They seem to be a group of demigods, sir," she answered. "Four of them." At the word demigods, the Ghost King's eye seemed to twitch, but he otherwise kept his face emotionless. " Very well. Tell my father that the three of us will take care of it," he answered gesturing to the two spirits next to him. With this said, Alecto flew off and Odysseus spoke up. " Are we to bring weapons, or do you wish to go for a more diplomatic angle?" Having been told of Nico's relations to the other demigods, Achilles grumbled: " I say we stick 'em where it counts. Show those wannabes what real fighting is." " Bring swords, but conceal them," was all the two spirits got for an answer before the three began their journey to the secret entrance to 'welcome their guests.' After thirty minutes of walking along the riverside, the trio finally reached a doorway embedded into the walls on the Underworld, and a stone staircase connecting it to the ground. At the base of said staircase sat for