It was a muggy Friday afternoon when Katie Gardner spotted Bobby Morgan stomping through the plot of flowers Ms. July planted outside their fifth-grade classroom. The boy was reaching for a ball that strayed from the other kids' game of kickball. And despite the fact that Katie was on her way to join the very same game, the sight of the crushed flowers beneath his sneakers made her pause. "Hey!" She squawked indignantly, rushing forward. "You're killing them!" Bobby jumped back, eyes wide with confusion. "What?!" He exclaimed incredulously. His head swiveled back and forth, looking for the said victims. "The flowers!" Katie rushed out to explain as she grabbed his arm and yanked him away from the flowerbed. "You were stepping on them!" Bobby jerked his arm out of her reach, rolling his eyes. "Whatever Gardner." He mumbled, reaching out once more for the red, rubber ball. "They're just plants." Anger bubbled in the pit of her stomach as she kneeled down in front of the ruined garden, carefully cradling one of the downtrodden, pink peonies in her hands. "They're not-" Katie bit back her retort with a sigh. She'd gotten in far more than her fair share of arguments with the boy. She didn't want to add another one to the list. "Ms. July worked really hard on these." Bobby shook his head, scoffing. "She can plant new ones, Gardner. It doesn't matter." He laughed harshly as he turned to leave with a sarcastic wave. "Have fun with your stupid plants." Katie sighed, glancing around helplessly at the ruined flowerbed. "It's children like him that make me fear for the future of agriculture." Katie jolted in her spot, glancing to the side and seeing a woman kneeling beside her, analysing the ruined flowers with a critical eye. The woman reached out towards the flowers, using her other hand to tuck a lock of long black hair into the loose bun at the nape of her neck. Katie studied the woman apprehensively, feeling the oddest sense of deja vu at the sight of her. The eleven-year-old wracked her brain for any clue to why she looked so familiar. But she didn't have an inkling of who the lady was. The woman paid her no mind. "Flowers are normally my daughter's business, but plants are plants." She said absently, glancing back at Katie with her warm, brown eyes. "What about you? You like flowers, I'm sure." Katie nodded. "These are my favorite." She mumbled, ducking her head shyly. The woman smiled. "Then I'd best get to work." Katie's eyes widened as the woman waved her hands over the flowers, stunned to see them pop right back up. Leaves and blossoms burst from the earth, far more than were there to begin with. Every broken stalk was mended, crushed petals restored. All except the peony resting in her hands. "Wh-who are you and how did you do that ?" She squeaked, gaping at the freshly mended flowerbed. The woman snorted in amusement. "You'll find out in time, sprout." She replied idly, brushing her hands against her jeans as she stood. "I imagine it'll happen soon enough. You've been lucky enough to be ignored, so far. Ken's sure to have noticed that." Katie blinked, frowning slightly at the mention of her father. But before she even opened her mouth to reply, the woman continued. "We'll meet again, dear." She remarked comfortingly, staring almost unseeingly at the peonies. "Make sure to tell your father to water those tomato plants of his. They're getting far too dry." Katie nodded wordlessly. "Oh and Katie?" The woman asked as she started to back away. "How do you know my name?" Katie blurted, brows furrowing. The woman merely smiled. "I've always been fond of lilacs." With those final words, the woman spun around and started to stroll across the school grounds. Katie followed her every movement. But the moment she blinked, the woman disappeared into what looked like… was that grain? Katie rose from her spot on the ground, carefully placing the peony she'd been holding into her pocket as she approached the pile of little dry seeds with curiosity. But the wind scattered them away before she could even reach out to touch them. "What was mom like?" Katie asked her father later that summer. Kenneth Gardner looked up from his spot on the porch, where he'd been watching the sun set over the plains. "Why're you asking?" He asked gruffly, returning his gaze to the skyline as Katie took a seat next him. The little girl shrugged. "I don't know much about her." She replied tiredly, moving her left foot to draw patterns in the dirt. "There's no pictures, no memories, no anything…" Her dad's lips twitched up for a second before he wiped a hand wearily across his face. "What do you want to know, squirt?" Katie smiled. "How'd you two meet?" She asked hesitantly. The older man chuckled. "She scared the livin' daylights out of me, that's what she did." He stated with a wry smile. "I was getting ready to plough the fields one day when I find her sitting on my tractor, asking what I was planning on growing that season." "Mom liked farming?" Katie's eyes widened in disbelief. All the women she'd seen around town were either wrangling a small battalion of children, or looked like they wouldn't touch any farming equipment with a ten-foot pole, for fear of breaking a nail. "Did she?" Her dad snorted. "That woman is an agricultural genius. All the lectures I got that harvest on wheat and pesticides…" A fond smile lit up his usually stoic face. "You're a lot alike her, ya know." He continued softly. "You got her green thumb and patience when it comes to what matters. And we both know you didn't your looks from me." Katie couldn't help but laugh as she pulled a lock of her ink-black hair in front of her face to examine. She glanced to the side with a look of utter concentration as she scrutinized her father's own dusty blond hair. "I don't know, pops. I always thought I looked a lot like you" She joked weakly. Her father shook his head as they fell into a comfortable silence. Katie stared at the dying colors of the sky, drawing her knees to her chest. "Why'd she leave us?" The older man remained silent. "Whenever anybody asks about her, at school or whatever…" She started softly. "I always tell them she died." Katie sighed, resting her chin on her drawn knees. "They already make fun of me enough at school." She continued. "But to tell them that my mom abandoned us right after I was born? I didn't want to give them any more ammo." Katie tried to ignore the phantom pang in her heart, the same pain she got whenever she thought about her mom for too long. Her dad cleared his throat. "You know," he started slowly, "I knew she wasn't going to stick around the moment I met her. Wonderful woman she was, but being who she is, there was no way I could expect her to stay." Katie frowned. "What do you mean?" "Can't tell you much yet, but the fact remains that the reason your mom left wasn't 'cause of you or me." He explained. "It's not real fair to you, but you'll understand when you meet her." Katie glanced over at her father. "Will I?" The older man nodded, eyes still locked on the sliver of sun left on the horizon. "I promise ya, Squirt. Think whatever you want about her, but that woman will always be there for her children when they ask." Katie watched as the last vestiges of light faded from the sky, leaning back and looking at the emerging starts. She could only hope that was true. Katie was thirteen years old when the janitor tried to kill her. It had all started the way any good middle school story went, with a food fight of epic proportions. Katie wasn't sure how her salad ended up flying into Bobby Morgan's sneering face. One moment he was smirking at her and her friend Aspen, and the next, leafy greens were flying everywhere. The other students were gracious enough to contribute to the chaos. It didn't take long for the clamor to die down and fingers to point her way as the fuming vice principal demanded to know who started it all. Katie couldn't help but wonder which the man was more likely to do, expel her or kill her right then and there. Katie's money was on the latter. Mr. Pena glared at her with his beady eyes, sitting up straighter as if that was somehow intimidating. Katie tried to keep her lips from twitching at the sight of it. Seeing as the man stood at a staggering 4'11'', the vice principal was about as threatening as a pug. "Miss Gardner," he rasped in his gravelly voice, "would you care to explain yourself?" It was almost amazing how accusatory the man managed to make that sentence sound. "I was caught in the food fight, just like the other students." Katie tried to explain as she waved towards her food smattered clothes. Mr. Pena's eyes narrowed. "A reliable witness claimed that you started the whole mess, Miss Gardner. " Katie bit her lip, fighting the urge to snap. "But that's not what happened." She pressed, but it was obvious she was fighting was losing battle. How on Earth was she going to explain the the narrow-minded man that the salad flew into Bobby's face on its own? Magic? "So it wasn't your lunch that hit Mr. Morgan first?" Katie paused to think. Because technically, that was very true. "Yes." She admitted. "But-" Mr. Pena waved his hand impatiently. "No 'buts'." He growled. "You'll be helping Craig clean the cafeteria after school." "But it wasn't me!" Katie protested. Mr. Pena's eyebrow rose. "Then how did your salad end up all over the boy?" ' Wow, Plant Freak and the Cripple. Didn't see that coming.' Katie scowled. "Rogue wind?" She tried. Mr. Pena didn't look amused. After school." He repeated. "4:00. Now get to class." Katie smothered the urge to glare at the stout man, trudging out of the office as quickly as possible. He refused to listen to anyone but himself. "Katie!" Katie paused in her steps outside the office, glancing up surprise to see Aspen waiting for her down the hallway. He pushed through a lingering group of sixth graders in order to catch up to her. His limp seemed to be even more pronounced, taking her back to Bobby's sneering comment. Katie's answering smile tightened. "What'd he give you?" Aspen asked the moment he caught up, face the utter picture of concern. That was the thing about Aspen. He was always so nervous whenever someone pulled her aside. Whether it was just a teacher asking about an assignment she had yet to turn in or a reprimand for dozing off in class, Aspen was there, watching the interaction with worry. Katie hoped her smile was reassuring enough. "I just have to help Craig clean up the cafeteria after school." Aspen screeched to a stop. "Craig?" He asked, eyes wide. Katie nodded, taking in the spike of fear that flashed across his face. She really couldn't blame him for his reaction. Craig was one of the school janitors, famous for his… odd behavior. One moment he'd be sickeningly cheerful, but the next scowling at her like she'd killed his mother. Katie tried not to think of it too much. "Yeah, 'Crazy Craig'." She tried to say lightly. "Why? What's wrong?" Aspen looked like he was going to be sick. "I'm helping you." He announced, voice strained as they started on their way to their english class. Katie frowned. "You don't have t-" "No." Aspen interrupted, voice firmer that time around. "I'm helping." Katie's friend didn't give her