The first born of Kronos. Okay I know what you are all thinking that I should concentrate on just one story but I just feel like I have to do this story Percoe, there will be some lemons, strong language and violent scenes. I wil also say that the story will have slow progress at first knowing that I have to set up their lives before they meet and how Percy becomes the cursed warrior, also there will be a Percy/multi until he manages to capture Zoe's heart. I own nothing, enjoy. I am what you could call a cursed warrior, one of the few that exist and that will ever exist, a warrior that cannot be killed but can still feel the pain. A warrior that has seen great things, done great thing, and yet he has seen worse things and done worse things. I wander the earth without a purpose but to suffer great pain both mentally and physically. A cursed warrior is a man broken, and twisted down inside, a man that wishes to die yet he can't for he is cursed, until the one shall free him of said curse. But before we speak of prophesies we must meet the cursed warrior. He was born from the blood of Kronos that landed on the earth as he battled his father. His name was Perseus. He was found by a family that lived nearby as he was forming from the earth, and they looked up at the skies knowing full well what this child was. He grew up unnaturally fast and strong, but he was obedient and he remained hidden from Kronos growing until he was eighteen, where his power could not be kept a secret any longer. Kronos descended from the heavens and retrieved his young boy, he rewarded the family that took care of him, and he was then raised in Mount Othrys. There he lived as the first son of Rhea and Kronos, but he was not a god or titan, but Kronos thought him how to control time so he would not age, as well as be able to mend his wounds by making the time around the wounds faster. He was the heir to the throne and one day a beautiful maiden named Aphrodite came to the palace of the titans accompanied by Oceanus who told them the truth about how she had come to be. When they met they felt an instant connection and had started to fall for each other he thought her what love was, and what here other domains were. But unlike with other gods or titans they were not connected by the act of having sex. After seeing this Kronos decided that his son needed tasks to keep him busy and not occupied on finding new love, and so he did he set forth completing every task appointed to him, he grew wiser, stronger, and more powerful. For a long time the land prospered, it was a golden age; there were no horrors but monsters that were fought by the demi titans. Perseus trained and fought monsters that would be a treat to the humans he would travel the earth seeking for challenges but nothing seemed to be out of place, until one faith full day he received a mission that would change his life. "So how was your first time," Perseus asked Selene the titan of the moon as he lay back down on the bed next to her, pulling her over and making her lay on his chest. "I won't be able to walk for a couple of days," Selene said sighting contently into his chest. Perseus' hands traveled through her body landing on her firm ass earning him a playful slap to the face. "Well there is no were to go yet," he said turning them so he was on top of her, he kissed her passionately then the covers fell of as Perseus started to trust into her, making her moan in pain and pleasure, but before things started to get faster and louder, a loud nock came from the door. "Prince Perseus, Kronos request your presence," a voice said from the other side of the door. "I will be on my way," Perseus said before getting off Selene "I need to go, but I will be back in a couple of minutes." He put some underwear before putting on his chlamys, and exiting the room, and heading to the throne room. It was dimly lit as the fire of the hearth seemed to be dying something that was strange it was always burning bright. He looked for his father and found him in his throne; he was looking down sadly holding the hands of my mother. But she had tears flowing slowly down her cheeks. "What is it father?" he asked drawing the attention of the two titans; they quickly shrunk down to their human form and embraced him in a family hug. "I am afraid that the fates do not like that you are alive," Kronos said "You are a mortal after all, so they wish to kill you." Perseus was taken back at this, however somewhere inside of him he felt that it was not natural for him to have lived as long as most of the titans he was a demi-titan that was thousand and sixteen years old. "They have asked you to go meet them at the entrance of Tartarus," Rhea said still hugging him. "Why do they want me to go there?" Perseus asked. "We don't know son, but you cannot disobey a command from them, you are still mortal," Kronos said. "I will go gather some stuff before I must leave to Tartarus," he said before turning around to leave. "Son tell Selene that there is breakfast if she wants to eat," Rhea said making him turn around surprised. "How?" Perseus started only to be cut short by his mother. "This is our castle so we know who is in it and she was not exactly quiet," Rhea said with a smile "at first we thought you were killing her." "Well she was a virgin," Kronos said smiling at his son but earning a glare from his wife. Perseus smiled before he returned to his room, were Selene slept. A smile played on her lips as she slept, her coppery skin glowing slightly silver in the moon light that shined through the open balcony window. Perseus got on the bed behind her and scooped her and wrapped his arms around her waist and pulling her near. "What was it they needed you for?" Selene asked grabbing his hand and kissing it. "I have to go to Tartarus," Perseus said. He felt her go stiff as she heard the news, before turning around and speaking really fast, with a bunch of reasons he could not go. But he silenced her with a passionate kiss. "I have to go, the fates are forcing me to do so." "Perseus that is dangerous, even the titans fear to go in there," Selene said starting to cry softly "I can't lose you." "I would die either way." "What are you talking about?" She asked. "I am a mortal I cannot live forever like you do, I should have died nine hundred years ago," Perseus said, smiling at her confused face "I was born from my father's blood as it landed on the earth, but I am somehow just a demi-titan. But I have stayed alive using my powers to prevent myself from aging." "So they don't think you should live this long?" Selene asked "but why ask you to go to Tartarus." "I believe they want to give me titan-hood, but they first want me to complete a task in there." "But-" "I must go any ways regardless of how dangerous it is," Perseus said before getting up to get his battle armor on, but two slender arms wrapped around his chest and pulled him back down, his back pressed against her naked body making him grow hard. "Then make love to me one last time, then I will help you with your armor," Selene asked kissing his neck. "As you wish, but you should learn to be more silent." "And why is that?" "Mother heard you." Perseus said making her grow cherry red, before he turned around and pushed her to the bed, his now exposed member poking at her wet folds. "Well in my defense, I was a virgin and you're real big," she said, biting her lower lip, before she crashed her lips onto his. He quickly recovered and trusts his hips entering deep inside her earning a loud moan of pain and pleasure. He rammed his member inside of her over and over again, her breading became labored as her wall tightened around his dick. Perseus knew she was nearing her orgasm, but he was not close yet so he speed up surprising her and earning a new round of screams filled with ecstasy while she screamed his name. With one solid trust she came all over his dick and her body went limp, he quickly picked her up, her legs wrapped around his waist and he slammed her against the wall earning a shriek of pain as he traveled up even deeper inside of her. He kept trusting slamming her against the wall while she kept encouraging him to go faster and harder, and the she came her juices coating his dick and the inside of his thighs and once again going limp before her dropped her on the bed on her hands and knees and hitting her from behind. Selene screamed in pain once more as he banged his pussy harder than ever before, her arms failed her and she had her face buried on a pillow as he pounded her from behind. With a loud moan he came deep inside of her, making her walls tighten and scream in ecstasy as another orgasm hit her soaking the sheets. He pulled out of her drawing more juices witch fell on the sheets, then kisses Selene who had gone unconscious as her last orgasm hit her. Then headed towards the showers, where he washed the sweat from their bodies, and the love juices from his thighs and penis. When he was finished he went back to his room and changed into his battle armor and grabbed a pencil and wrote down a small letter telling her, he had left and that there was breakfast at the kitchen if she wanted to eat it. He returned to the throne room and said his good byes, his heart weighing as much as his shield knowing that this could be the last time he would ever see his family again. As he exited the throne room and traveled down Mount Othrys, he was confronted by many of the titans he had befriended, and many of his other love partners. "Perseus," the loud and powerful voice of Iapetus the lord of the underworld "your father has informed me of your plans to travel to Tartarus and I was wondering if you would like me to take you to the entrance." "Sure the fates are waiting," Perseus responded, Iapetus snapped his fingers and they appeared at the entrance to Tartarus. Perseus raised his shield instinctively as he felt a strong and powerful force stir inside of the pit. "You are late!" The three fates yelled from behind them making them jump and almost fall into the pit. "And I am gone, good luck Perseus," Iapetus said before flashing out. "I am sorry I was late but I was-" "Having sex, we know!" they exclaimed. "And we will forgive you for we have seen your future," the one holding a basket filled with thread said. "Planned your life," the one that was measuring the strings said. "And prepared you death," the one with the scissors said. "You are Clotho," he said pointing