Dear Jacob, I guess by now you would have heard about what happened… I swear I did not mean too. It seems to be happening to all wolves everywhere. You must believe me when I tell you; I need to speak to your elders. Something is happening and everyone must know. You are the other pack we are closest to. My Alpha has decided to send my brother and me to you so we can tell you. It had happened to both of us. Your friend Bella To tell you, I cannot. I was not thinking when I sent that letter to my friend in America. I gave too much away for a letter. The council were sending me away. I hated them for it. I was so used to being a wolf I spent most of my time as a wolf, I loved it I loved the feeling. I hated being in my human form. According to my pack, I am very beautiful; as far as I'm aware, I was plain. I sat by the window. I absolutely hated flying, as a wolf I preferred running; on the ground but what could I do? The pack were the ones sending me away. I hated being in big crowds. I was not a very human person, being a wolf since I was nine years old really did make you less sociable. My eyes flickered around the whole place when I looking for a potential threat, I was sent away because I was more wolf than anyone ever knew. My friend Jacob was apart of the La push tribe, their pack was well known for their control and their skill at pretty much anything. My elders collaborated with their elders and a man called Billy would be helping me. I planned for nothing like this. I would buy a small house and then spend all my time in the forest. As it was, I already had my stuff driven to the house. It would be inside and… I'd spend all my time in the forest. An old woman who smelt of urine came and sat next to me, due to my advanced hearing I could tell- she didn't like children as a small child wailed to his mother making my ears flinch. I could tell she was scared of flying too I could tell she had, had a rough life due to the stress lines on her face. I could tell it was going to be a long ride as the stale stench of piss never stopped assaulting my nose. I put my headphones in and turned it up loud, to try to block out the other human noises. The captain soon announced that we would be taking off soon, Evanescence rang through my speakers I focused on the song as my hands gripped the armrests, I could not grip it as hard as I would have liked because my strength would have broken it. I was getting questioning glares from the old woman next to me anyway. I looked to her and smiled apologetically. "I really don't like flying" she nodded and turned away. The flight attendant looked at me and tried to smile. I shook my head and shut the window. I turned my music up and I clenched my eyes closed as I felt the plane move. I started to suck in large lungful of air. ThThen holding them as I thought of anything other than what was happening the harsh use of guitar in the song I was listening too helped calm me ever so little much. I could not help but realise the flight attendant's were trying to get my attention. I slowly pulled my headphone from my ear as I opened one eye and peaked at her. "Would you like some sleeping pills?" she asked, kindly. I could tell she was genuinely kind and not covered in make up as some of the others were. I nodded. She smiled. "Only as long as you promise me, we won't crash" her smile got bigger. I looked at her nametag. Angela. She was nice I liked her. "My husband is the pilot, he's the best there is" She encouraged as she went off to get some pills. Human pills would not work with me. As a wolf, I have a higher tolerance for that stuff. However, it would make me feel a little better and I could pretend to sleep. She was soon back with two small tablets and a glass of water. I quickly took them and ignoring the noise in the background I closed my eyes and soon I felt my noticing the pills. It wasn't soon, when I actually did feel myself drifting off to sleep due to me not getting any sleep the night before worrying about this very trip. I was running the greenest forest I had ever seen, it simply rained too much. That was great for me, my wolf form loved running in the rain. I could hear a four-legged heavy being running too. They soon switched directions and started running towards me. Soon the large beast was running towards me, it was one of the wolves from la push. I didn't understand why it wasn't stopping its advance towards me. It charged into me, the back wolf taking over his paws on my shoulders, he growled and opened his jaws and tried to attack my face. I was shocked awake by the flight attendant, with a kind smile. I gave her the blanket and stretched. "Just as I promised, no crashing" her eyes smiled at me and I couldn't help but like her. I smiled back and gave her my empty glass. "Don't jinx it now" she grinned and gave me directions to the exit. I smiled at her. I followed her directions and quickly ran it to the bathroom. It was hot already in America it was hot. It wasn't supposed to be in Seattle. My best friend at home had packed for me and had chosen what I wear today I had no choice so I wasn't surprised when I had hormonal guys dribbling at me in my wake. I breathed a sigh of relief when I got to the women's bathroom and I didn't need anyone staring at me. I looked at my reflection. I looked completely different to what I should look like. A couple of weeks ago I had natural mahogany hair, tan skin and chocolate eyes. Today I have bright blue eyes; I have ginger highlights and pale skin. I still look like me but different. I haven't decided yet if that's a good different or not. I sighed and pulled the hem of the dress down, it was far too high for my liking. I huffed when it just rose again, I looked in the mirror of my haunting eyes and glared at myself, I slashed water on my face. I was determined to run to my house. Here to La push. I looked at the forecast it was supposed to rain tonight and be sunny in La push. I wasn't used to sunny weather being an English gal after all. I walked out of the bathroom feeling tired. I could feel eyes on me; I looked over my shoulder and saw the most gorgeous guy I ever did see. He had black hair that was slightly curly and danced around his ears, he had tanned skin the most lean and muscularly body and I was instantly attracted to him. He held a cardboard cut out with my name on it. This meant he was a wolf. From La push. He was wearing a tight fitting tee, which hugged his muscle in a very flattering way, low ride jeans and a leather jacket over the top. As soon as my eyes connected with his which were staring right at me, my blue orbs connected with his amazing brown ones. I was shocked to see golden, blue silver and green thread type things spread around the expanse of the airport, it connected me and the perfect stranger together. I would not let the surprise show on my face as my entire universe shifted and revolved around him. The most gorgeous and most beautiful stranger. Shit! I just imprinted… …... I watched as the woman walked out of the bathroom, she had a form fitting white dress on; she wore white high-heeled shoes. She had long wavy mahogany hair that cascaded down her form and reached mid back, she had long pale legs that's looked divine she held an athletic air and seemed quite fit as if she worked out often. Her tight fitting dress that fit her in all the right places, cupped her arse perfectly. If I weren't waiting on one of Jake's friends from getting off the plane, I would be introducing myself to that beautiful girl. Even though she looked quite tall, she was still smaller than me even in those heels. Feeling my stare she looked over her shoulder, I gasped. She had the most beautiful face known to the heavens; a true angel must have carved her with special care. She held delicateness in her posture but a certain kind of confidence and mischief as if she knew something no one else did, she seemed to have high cheekbones and a sweet feminine nose, my eyes were desperately trying to see hers, and as soon as she looked up, I was lost. I was lost in her deep clear sapphire blue eyes, I felt as if I was drowning in the bluest of seas. I watched as threads of silver and gold, blues and greens, reached out from me and her to me; it wound around the both of us and tied a knot. I felt everything I ever felt about anyone else, fade away she was my everything. I watched as a slow smile formed on her face and she walked out the doors of the airport. I was left standing there looking like a fish with my mouth hanging open. Double shit! I just imprinted. Screw Jacob's friend, he'd understand when I said I was running after m imprint. He imprinted on my cousin Emily just after he first shifted. I ran towards the door rudely barging into some other people and shouting a quick apology over my shoulder, when I got outside I stopped I couldn't find her anywhere, the mysterious stranger seemed to have just disappeared. …... I can't believe I just imprinted. All I could think about was him. I could not get him out f my head. As soon as I got out, I rushed to the edge of the forest. As soon as I heard his foot steps get closer, I saw him leave the doors of the airport; I was hiding behind a tree. I watched as the bond between us begged me to go to him but I couldn't I didn't plan on being baby-sat. No way! I was not a child. I slowly and silently started to walk backwards and when I was sure, he couldn't hear me I shifted faster than any normal wolf. It was nature to me. I started the long run towards La push. I was absolutely freezing. I shouldn't be wolves are hot, we have body temperatures of one-o-eight and we'd be fine. I was steadily dropping I could feel my paws go numb my fur was like ice and hung from my body slowing me down. It was about halfway through my run, it had started to rain and even as a wolf, and I was starting to get cold. Then suddenly, I heard four footsteps all belonging to one being. Another four legged creature. Flash backs of my dream rushed to me. The large beast was running towards me, it was one of the wolves from la push. I didn't understand why it wasn't stopping its advance towards me. It charged