He clutched my hands too his as he promised me that he would see me soon. My one love turned and walked onto the ship. He hoisted the bag further up his arm. As the crew started to set off from the dock, He turned and gave me that breathtaking smile. Bella flew awake as memories from her past, Edward the man she fell in love with at sixteen. Her father, the general of the navy had found Edward, afloat in the midst of a half sinking ship that silhouette of the Eclipse sailing off, the pirate flag flying proudly. Bella and Edward had become friends at the age of ten, Bella being the only one Edward really spoke to. Bella and Edward, sharing a song that she sung; to him everyday so- he was reminded that she loved him forever. Edward was sailing, on an army boat so that he could get enough money and actually marry Isabella a noble. Bella didn't care about the fact that her father disapproved about the match. She loved Edward still did even three years later. She got up from her warm bed and opened the French doors of her room and walked out onto the balcony. She sighed as the smiled up at the moon and the stars, something she and Edward would do once they finished their training. Charlie trained them both in fist to fist training and the ways of the sword. Edward and Bella could beat Charlie and Bella could beat Edward. Charlie trained her with the ways of a gun too and she could never miss her target no matter how fast they were moving; no matter how far they were she was just too good. Charlie could not beat the two love struck children, he thought of Edward as a son and so wished he could approve the match but he had to find the best for her. Bella looked longingly over at the sea. She was playing with the locket that always hung around her neck. My dearest Bella Forever yours Edward She opened the locket that Edward had given her, it had the engagement ring he gave to her inside it, that certain ring had a partner, a husband if you will. That one belonged to Edward. It had his picture inside of it and she never took it off. She refused every time her father asked. "Oh Edward" she sighed. A couple of weeks after Edward had been gone, Bella found it hard to remember to eat she missed Edward so very much. Her father regrettably told his depressed daughter that Edwards ship, had been intercepted by pirates. Arthur Bloodbeard left nobody alive. Charlie watched the heartbreak crush his daughter, through the year of hell he saw her soul crash and die she became incredibly thin and lifeless. She never stopped training though, she got better and better. She cursed Arthur Bloodbeard; she knew it was his destiny to die at her hands. She was at that age where fathers start looking for suitable husbands, but in Charlie's case he had already found one very suitable match. He had told his stubborn daughter about the marriage and she completely flipped. He knew she would not be happy with it. He was right she had not spoken to him at all. She wished she could run away be on the sea, she had longed to be on the ocean since her father started to take her out when she was a little girl. She was an amazing swimmer and wasn't afraid of sharks she knew the sharks won't eat you if you don't look like a seal. Don't swim in black and you won't get eaten. "I wish you were here, I hate that wretched man. If you were here, I would already be married- we'd be so happy" she sighed, she thought about the future she and Edward had thought about. Bella stood there thinking about the one man that held her heart; she watched the moon set and the sun rise. As the sun greeted a cheery hello she scowled and told him to go away. The heat waves berated down at her for being so mean, she turned and started to get changed. Her mother was a very free spirit and she had liked Edward, and was very understanding but she hated how independent and stubborn her daughter was. She hated that her daughter never used the servants and got changed by her self, she hated that she liked to clean her own room and cook her own meals. Renee quickly ushered Bella into the large library, it had tall shelves which touched the ceiling it had ladders and only two very large windows which is the only natural light and made the room very dark and musty, giving it that typical library feel. As the smell of the books assaulted Bella's nose, her tense stance slowly relaxed as she was at her only favourite place on land. Her mother towed her to the piano; she knew that music took practice no matter how flawless Bella played. As Bella sang, Renee looked at her beautiful child- she knew she was strong but she also knew that if Charlie kept pushing Bella away into the marriage it would turn out bad for them. She knew her child was planning something she knew bella she knew that she would not take decisions made for her. As Renee watched Bella's hands fly across the keys she felt envy. She found love at a young age, never had what Bella did. Bella was fluent in three different languages, was brilliant at piano and singing, terrifying in a sword fight fierce in a fist fight and well educated as she liked reading and had only the best tutors. She knew Bella was still unhappy; she never got the sparkle back in her eyes- after the news about Edwards's death it hit the house hard. He had been well loved, the servants adored him as he had good manners, and he appreciated them. Renee and Charlie felt they had lost a son. `Of course it hit Bella the hardest having lost, a best friend, a confidant, a lover. Her mother smiled down at her as Bella looked up, not missing one note. Her father soon entered with a brooding tanned grumpy man. Renee turned and her smile disappeared. Bella stopped, stood and turned. She turned and didn't even greet her father. The man looked between Charlie and Bella awkwardly, knowing he was probably the one who had created the rift between the two. "Isabella, this is Jacob black. Your fiancé" Charlie cleared his throat gruffly. Jacob was a tall proud man with dark skin black hair and bushy eyebrows. He seemed to permanently have a scowl on his face, Bella circled him, he had big muscles as if he would be good in a fight. She tsked disapprovingly. Jacob spinning around trying to see Bella and what she was doing couldn't help but feel like prey as if he was being hunted by a vulture. Bella stopped by her mother kissed her on the cheek and turned and walked out of the room. No matter her defiance against her father and her betrothed, news of the engagement spread, he was a feared captain and she was a loved noble. Many were surprised at her bravery to accept his hand in marriage to the terrifying captain. The night, while Bella her parents and her living hell, yes that's Jacob were dining, she squirmed under the captain's gaze. She felt disgusted and violated by his intense stare. She glanced at her father who was looking down at his food, and was trying to ignore the awkward atmosphere she sighed loudly and pushed her food around the table. "You have not eaten, miss swan" Jacob observed. She looked up at him defiantly, he was so used to seeing fear there when he did not see it in her eyes he was very confused. Everything about this woman confused him, and put him on edge. She looked back down at her food and moved a few more peas around her plate. "Do you not like eating?" He asked, he had noted how thin she was. She looked back up at him again, but this time in annoyance. Renee glanced at the two, hating the fact that her daughter was getting married to this jerk. "You shouldn't assume things, or point out the obvious" Bella stated, this was the first thing she had said to him. He was surprised she had even spoken to him, and her voice was laced with hate. He heard her reputation she voiced her thoughts and was ready to argue them. But since he had met her she hardly said a word. He cocked his head to the side and thought over what she said. "And why not?" he asked, curiosity and this strange specimen of a woman colouring his face. "Because you will find, people will get bored of your company very quickly" She said, she stared him down. He looked away frightened to anger her for some reason. She pushed her plate away and apologised to her parents. "I am going to retire, I am tired" she stated and stalked out of the room. That night she was standing on her balcony, unaware of the chatter of her engagement buzzing through ship to ship and dock to dock. Even the pirates knew of the beloved noble, her kind ways and her heartbroken weak smile that hardly anyone could manage to evoke. So news of her engagement flew like wildfire until it reached the crew of the Eclipse . One pirate in particular thrashed, screamed and kicked things in anger. He was angry that his enemy Jacob Black was getting married taking him off the water. He wanted that particular captain, dead. Bella sighed as a particular idea popped into her head, as she played with her locket which was usually tucked between her breasts. She had to get out of there. She quickly changed into one of Edwards old shirts; she was small so it easily fit. And a pair of boy trousers and brown boots that she had hidden in her wardrobe secretly, she tied her hair back half up half down like she saw some of the sailors do down by the docks. Of course her hair was longer so she pulled most of it up by a bandanna which was actually a handkerchief with the Swans family crest on it. She turned it over so no-one could see it, and she looked more masculine maybe like a young boy. She quickly wrote out a short note to her parents simply declaring she could not marry Jacob and that they would meet again and to not look for her. She quickly scaled the side of the house with a bag that consisted of her sword, a couple of guns and a couple of changes of clothes. She cleared her throat to make her sound slightly deeper. She ran to the docks as she saw there were about three boats docked and all ready to leave once they have a few supplies and one or two new recruits. She stopped at the end of the docks debating which ship to get on, she looked at the Mermaid and at the unicorm and at the last one which caught her eye stardust she ran towards the last huge balking ship. It had a huge mast and royal purple sails. She walked up the ramp and was stopped by the captain himself. "Boy" he stated. "you wish to come aboard?" he asked, in his gruff sailor accent. Most sailors thought it was a bad omen to have females on ships almost bad luck. "yes sir" Bella grinned boyishly as she gave him the proper respect. "you'll work?" he asked, thinking that it was probably handy to have