I watched him from the other side of the room. I watched as his muscles twitched and flexed when he moved. The boys were playing basketball, the girls were playing volleyball. I love P.E and I had taken it at GCSE and so had he. We hardly talked though. I was not part of that 'group' I was part of the 'music group' and he was from the 'oh wow your hot' group. Shame really. I could totally fit in that group… okay maybe not. A girl can dream right? Right? Okay maybe not. Sad times. None of the girls in this particular group like P.E so I'm currently stuck staring at a very handsome Edward. When we had talked, he made my panties wet… how his voice could do such things astounded me. Rumours had it, that his ex-girlfriend convinced him into having sex with her, when he was saving himself. She dumped him as soon as she found out he was no good. Give the guy a chance it was his first time. Now, Edward. Jesus Edward! He was the hottest guy in this school! Then go his buddies Emmet and Jasper. It was odd being Emmet and Jasper also belong in other groups. Like Emmet was on the schools soccer team. Jasper on the other hand absolutely loved History. Edward had reddish bronze hair. Most people call it ginger, he takes it like a champ he actually said he'd rather be ginger because in his words they are awesome! (okay so I'm ginger and a lil biased, don't knock it!) he had this quite Essex accent but not over Chav like. He had these stunning green eyes and a chiselled jaw he could actually be a Abercrombie and Fitch model. Sigh. I hate those people with natural good looks. They can just roll out of bed with the 'sex hair' look, and to make it worse, he had a perfect sense of fashion- its annoying he is just gorgeous. Jasper, is from the south like me, however he is from Texas. Me I was a proud residence of Yankton in south Dakota. I loved it there. Until my dad died and I had to move in with my Aunt about a year ago. Renee and Charlie are lovely people. I am so grateful to them for taking me in. my first couple of months, I was a drone. I awoke, ate, went to school, came home, do homework, eat, wash self then for the rest of the evening do some form of music then sleep. I missed my father so much I could hardly comprehend my life with out him. I have long wavy chestnut hair, that reaches about mid back. I love my hair, it's the only thing that I remember about my mother. She died of cancer when I was young. She was a native Indian to South Dakota. As soon as I snapped out of my shell and started to make friends, everyone started to notice my accent. Many people told me that I sounded like a cowgirl. Personally I didn't see it. But I do know that my accent is a little similar to Jaspers, but his was faint and mine was really strong. I have clear blue eyes, and they are the only thing about my and body that I actually like. Plus, it's the only thing I get complimented on… that has something to do with it. Now I'm not one of those girls that are hating on their body. True I don't like it, but I think I look about average; and if someone compliments me? I suck it up, smile and thank them. Girls that fish for attention actually do my head in. Soon we switched groups and I could finally play properly, all of the sports teachers love me because I still didn't know whether to go pro in music or sport. Music let me, go. Anywhere I want, and I would not get judged. I guess I just loved music, it helped me through shit times. But then, sport made me feel good when I did something right. It was third period, and I was on the running team. I wanted to get a head start. Running was my thing along with basketball. But I am usually good at other sports too like swimming, I love being in the water. Tennis I always hit the ball to hard, because lets face it I have muscles to rival a boxer… okay, I joke. But I did have the start of a six pack. I walked over to Miss. Burton the P.E teacher who practically worshipped me, ha. She was a legend and she really supported. "Hey madam" I said softly, she was really jumpy so you had to be soft with her. She turned and smiled a beautiful smile. Madam was short and petite, she had short blonde hair and super blonde hair and pretty gray eyes she was about early thirties and was a single mother but she had rich parents who supported her through her decision to keep her baby. Yeah we talk a lot. She was actually my mentor, each student gets one who aren't doing very well in maths or English. My problem is maths blows. I hate maths. "there's my American buddy" she said, trying to imitate my voice. "If I sound like that, I apologise for your nerves" she laughed. She was passing a basketball in between her hands. "I was just wondering, if I could hit the track early?" I asked and smiled sweetly. A big grin nearly broke her face. She gave me a teasing glance. "Keen to leave?" she joked. I laughed at her insane words she knew I was serious about sports. The Olympics was coming up and I didn't know whether I wanted to audition or not. "Of course not. But you know how much I love running" I gave her a pleading look. "Yes, I know" she looked at everyone around. "oh okay fine" she relented. I squealed hugged her and jogged towards the door of the sports hall. The sports hall was tall, it had magnificent beams all the way across the hall and to the other side to support the roof. Funnily enough, there were no bleachers. Maybe that was just an American thing. "Yo miss, is she bunking?" I heard as I got halfway to the door. "No, she's going to run early" I heard Miss. Burton say. I smiled and opened the door. I then sprinted out and around the side to where the long jump pitches were. I grinned to myself, then slowed to a jog. Most people would get a cramp. But it was my warm up. I burst into small bursts of speed. When I finally reached the track. I loved sprinting the four hundred. That always felt like the right stretch then I would run cross country. Brilliant. I felt stares on my back. But I ignored it, probably nothing. I got down into the Olympic starter sprint. "One" I called out. "two" my voice piercing the silence of nature. The big open field shining in the sun that was rare for Chelmsford. "three" and as soon as I said that I was off. In a large burst of speed, which I kept up as I charged along the inside lane. I counted the hundred metres marks. One. Two. Three. Extra burst of speed. Four. I stopped, jumped and whooped and looked at my watch, I had cut a couple of seconds off of my personal best. All yous can suck it! I shook my head at my stupidity, turned back to the track and started running. I stood there, with my mouth hanging open. She ran the four hundred metres in record time. She was so fast. I still think I was watching the Olympics in fast forward. That was truly mental. I watched as she shook her head at her stupidity, then just turned and continued running. There was no wheezing or doubling over with lack of oxygen that most girls in this school would have done. I knew who she was. She was the beautiful American girl who seemed to be in all my classes. She was in my music class, but she always seemed to get away with not showing her skills in class, but she was one of the top in class. She showed the teacher once we had left. She was a whiz in Science, all knowing in English. Amazing in Spanish she seemed fluent… and she was also good in food technology her cooking, was to die for! Now the only class I don't have with her is Maths. She's probably in set one for maths. I was in set two. But I was slacking in English. Not a great subject for me… opps. I Edward Cullen, could be anything I wanted to be- I was good at most things. But I always wanted to help others. Sport was a skill on the side, along with my piano playing. I wanted to be a paediatrician, ever since my little cousin got Cancer I was determined to help little children. I was aware I was still watching her like a pervert. But truth is, I've always thought she was beautiful, and her accent my god. It turns me on like crazy. I catch her staring at me sometimes, but when I'm brave enough to catch her eye she has already looked away as one of her friends has caught her attention. She had these crystal deep blue eyes that were always soo clear, I wanted to swim in them. She had this smile that could light up one dreary school room. Okay so I was crushing on miss, Isabella Swan. Even if, I had never spoken to her before. It was a shame. I think, she thinks; I don't even know that she exists. That was far from the truth. My man Emmet was dating her friend Rosalie and he says that Bella, as she likes to be called had one kickass sense of humour. I so desperately wanted to talk to her. So I managed to convince Jasper to have a party, and invite her and his 'crush' her other friend Alice. Alice was arty. It was weird because, this school has those stereotypical school kids grouping. Bella, was musical. Alice was Arty. Rose was beautiful. They hung out together. They made a mockery of the system but they didn't care. Bella pulled Alice and Rose from said groups and they made their own groups which was good. Because Lauren who was head bitch and the one who arranged the stereotypical groupings was always made to come out of any argument with them made to look stupid. Which she was, but that's beyond the point. She left them alone. Mostly. She can't leave anyone alone. I've noticed that lately, since I've started working out working out more- she likes to talk to me. Em thinks she may have a crush on me. This totally sucks! I heard the bell go and waited for Em and Jas to come out so I could run to the track with them. Even if Jasper leaves us behind. When they finally showed up, I could look like I had never been there at all. I watched, as the king himself ran around the corner and jogged over to the track with his buds. Jasper had invited me, Alice and Rose to his party. I think it was just to make sure that Alice would come so he could get her drunk and express his love for her, and if she didn't feel the same way… he'd blame it on the drink. These people are so transparent. But then I know for a fact she feels the same way. Our group was a little mixed up. I was the musical one, with sport on the side