Once upon a succubus… Most people don't know us. Some people mistake us for vampires, and yet we are stronger, we are faster, we are secretive, we run on instinct where Vampires can control theirs. We are unpredictable. We are strong. We are powerful. We are in tune with our surroundings we are bound to the earth; we can hear the mother sing. We have a connection. We are the greater good. We are damaged. We hide from humans, we hide from fairies, we hide from Vampires, We hide from Druids, We hide from Elves, and we hide from everyone. We do not consider ourselves a part of the magical community. Most people know of us, they do not necessarily know what we can do, they do not know of our potential. We are scarce and rare; you can always tell when we are around, the trees stand taller, the plants are greener. A Succubus could be of any race; As long as your heart is cold you gain your powers. My mother was an Elf and my father a druid. Those two races are considered the most powerful species. Sarah Peters is a Succubus, Sarah had become this creature when she turned three. She will be twenty one for the rest of forever. The day she became immortal was the day that she became something more than nature. She could not be killed, her mind was closed off, her heart was as cold as the ice she could manipulate. She trusted no one. A succubus sings to the mother and she will in return continue to support her, she will continue to fuel her powers, she will continue to protect you, she will continue to shield you from other creatures. Fifty years before Sarah found Bella, she had been a broken mess on the floor. She was shivering and whimpering, 'he left'. Bella had fallen in love with a vampire, Edward Cullen apart of the Cullen coven a very famous coven that even Sarah had heard of. Sarah listened to the trees and understood that Edward left Bella so she would be safe. Because he left, Bella was now immortal and a monster, something nature never intended but has grown to love. The Cullen's had made her love them, they left her in the middle of the forest cold soaked and ready to catch any disease. They broke her heart into so many different pieces that Bella was slowly changing into a Succubus on her own. Sarah gathered the eighteen year old female into her arms. She sent a quick song out to the trees around Bella who had looked out for her and sent the message to Sarah, the mother would be kind to this patch of the forest. Sarah nurtured the girl back to health and three months later, Bella was a fully grown Succubus. Sarah gave the girl the option to either go her separate ways or stay with Sarah and she would learn how to control her powers. She chose to stay. A Succubi is initially very powerful. One on its own means trouble. Two together means misfortune. One Succubi who has been about for a very long time? Devastation. A Succubi can speak and control any elements of their choosing, they can learn to control them and become friends with them. Earth, Wind, Fire and water. A Succubi's heart is as cold as ice and can therefore control that element and know straight away how to control it. They can speak telepathically with each other and are able to understand it but yet if they were trying to speak to a human through mind speech it would only be seen as an impulse only their soul mates can understand word. They also have Telekinesis that comes with the name. Sarah was teaching Bella how to listen to the wind when they heard both the ground, the wind, the sky cry out. Sarah flew around, she was listening. Bella looked at her as Sarah's eyes were frantically searching everywhere for what could have possibly disrupt the balance. It was time that Bella was shown how a Succubi fights. Sarah crouched. She could hear the cry of a soul. Bella watched as the woman who saved her was on a mission. Bella watched to learn as much as she could. Sarah was so in tune with her surroundings, she could follow the wind, any slight change in the breeze and she would shift slightly. The two of them came out to a large clearing. Both of them were close to the floor hissing and growling, Bella had given herself over to her instincts after hearing the cry too she was easily learning what to do. A group of over twelve men were surrounding a barely conscious tanned woman on the floor, her clothing was torn and you could see the large gashes running through her skin. This female was enduring the pain of a fast transaction to a Succubus. She was crying out, her arms flailing about as her body twisted and broke. Her eyes tightly shut as she cried, her soul crying to the mother to stop her pain. A slight breeze brushed over the woman Sarah heard the soft command. " Sleep child, your saviour is here" No matter how many times Sarah asked the mother what she meant, she never received an answer. As the woman slipped into unconsciousness Sarah demanded that the men leave the woman alone. These men weren't any kind of men, they were wolf shifters. They weren't precisely the same as a proper werewolf as they don't have control over their shifts whereas a shifter can control it. Leah the exotic sleeping woman in the circle of twelve now very large beasts was a part of this pack. But due to the fact that she could shift into any animal that she wanted she was considered a freak. In a supernatural wolf shifting pack? Yes. Staying close to the ground Sarah and Bella looked at the twelve beasts, the Alpha Grey thought of women as an object, a slave or a sex toy that was how Leah had been handled. She had been broken, used as a sex slave twelve times over she was used to abuse thousand times over. The russet wolf stood forward and growled, Sarah leapt. She took out eight and Bella took out four. Sarah leapt at the first one at the front which was the Alpha and Bella handled the Beta. Twisting and flipping through the air Sarah came armed with the elements, both hands flaming hot, razor sharp teeth and diamond hard skin there was no stopping her. She shot multiple lightning bolts at one wolf which had it disintegrated straight away, the flame brought by her hands charred the Alpha, this happened so quickly. The Alpha was the last to die. The final words that came from this terrifying monster. "I will protect the broken" Came her shrill cold words, as she ripped the head off the beast. Bella had been the only one Sarah focused on for twenty years, she did not like the idea of them taking in Leah, one loving touch from the mother and Bella was convinced. Leah's mental scarring had been enough to turn her heart to that of ice. When Bella turned she had gained a power, she gained that of a shield, both mental and physical. Leah kept her shifting power it was just highly amplified, she would much rather be an animal than human, with the fact that she could speak to them telepathically she needn't keep shifting to speak. Neither Bella nor Leah knew much of Sarah's story, they hardly knew the extent of her powers, of her knowledge. They knew they were safe with her, she loved them as much as a cold hearted monster could. They knew she was old, older than most things. The amount that Sarah could do was beyond astounding and sometimes they were scared of her. The three of them were in Asia. Sarah had not been there in a couple of hundred years and felt it needed some attention. Being part Druid meant that Bella felt it was her duty to help animals. Bella and Leah were playing with their clothes, the quick brush of wind kept unsettling them, Sarah looked as if she hadn't noticed as she healed a tiger cub that had been abandoned by its mother and was extremely wounded. The two younger girls knew her Succubi powers the amplified by her Elf side as her parents races and the Dragon race were the strongest races, all three being purely made up of magic. Sarah could heal anything and she seemed to have unending strength. "Sarah… the wind" Bella commented. Sarah looked up. "I know" she looked back down at the animal that was prepared to spend the rest of her days protecting the three beautiful women who saved her. The two girls looked at each other confused, whenever there was a shift in the wind Sarah was always the first to even notice, she was the one who took charge and fixed the reason why the mother was upset. "Why are we not doing something?" Leah asked. Sarah sighed. "It is not time" Was all she said. "Well why not?" Bella asked. Sarah looked up sharply. "Because there are something's that have to wait, there are some things people are not ready to know" Sarah said shortly. Bella looked down. Half the stuff Sarah said Bella never understood. "We will have to leave soon though" The two girls looked at each other again. Sarah sighed. "Look there are some things the world is not ready for, there are something's I am not ready for you two to know." "What do you mean?" Leah asked. Sarah looked up and the small animal started purring while Sarah stroked her slowly. "I need to teach you the proper conduct before we must do what we must. We will have to face things we are not necessarily prepared to face" Sarah said gravely. "We will all have to face the past for what is about to happen" Sarah said. After that conversation, the three females and their new companion which the mother blessed as she too had a heart full of ice as her mother had abandoned her when she was wounded. The mother blessed her with an extra-long life hard a diamond skin, extra speed and strength with the same attitude of her tiger ways. They ended up naming their new addition to the strange family Serena. They had been running for four days crossing much of the country until they caught a flight to America, Washington to be precise. When they were off the plane persuading themselves through any form of trouble, they continued running. The three following Sarah obediently. They were deep within the forest, Sarah had slowed considerably trying to hold off on arriving at their destination. Bella and Leah had noticed that the air became thicker with power, their call was humming in the wind. They reached a small run down cottage, some places were charred. Leah shivered. "This place has a horrible past" Leah always seemed to be able to sense when danger was coming or when danger had happened. Bella agreed not needing to have to have the sixth sense coming from Leah's multiple animal senses. "What is this place?" Bella asked. Sarah turned to them. "This was my childhood home" the two gasped. They looked towards the half falling apart cottage. The roof had fallen in, there were leaves and plants growing the side of the walls growing into the windows. The wall on the left side had fallen in charred to pieces. They looked towards Sarah, astounded to what she was showing her, a huge part of her back ground a huge bit of information about her past. "This is also where we will be staying" the