Here's my entry in the Beyond the Bedroom Contest . This was the Secret Keeper, SandPrincess13's pick. Thanks, girl! Thank you, Midnight Cougar for beta'ing this silly thing. I loved laughing with you and Shadow T while we discussed the many names for cocks. Ha! You're the BEST! Tracy, as always, thank you for your keen eye and input on my stories. I love you! Shadow T, you are my one and only ;) . . . Summary: As a maintenance worker by day, Archeology student by night, Edward didn't have much free time for anything. That included his girlfriend and fellow Archeology student, Bella. So one day on his lunch break, while Bella was doing research at the library, he paid her a dino-rific visit. DISCLAIMER: Twilight and its inclusive material is copyright to Stephenie Meyer. Original creation, including but not limited to plot and characters, is copyright to the respective authors of each story. No copyright infringement is intended. Dino-rific in the Library "Don't leave. I'll be there shortly. I promise." Edward put the weed eater in the back of the Seattle Public Library truck and dusted off as many of the grass clippings from his jeans as he could. He was working at the Central Library, and Bella was doing research at the Capitol Hill Branch miles away. "It's already noon." Bella yawned into the phone and rubbed at her eyes. "I've been up for almost twenty-four hours doing ourresearch, Edward, and I'm tired, not to mention ravenous." Bella didn't care how whiny she sounded because for Edward to ask her to stay at the library any longer than was absolutely necessary was just rude—okay, not really. Actually, she thought it was sweet he wanted to see her before he finished his day job and he went to his night class; however, exhaustion had set in and was in full effect. As of late, they had been two ships passing in the night—one was coming from class or work, and the other was going there. It had been a crazy semester with Edward picking up a maintenance job with the library system during the day and switching his college classes to night. He didn't want Bella to have to work since she had worked her entire college career. Now that they were finally seniors, he wanted to pamper her. Little did he know that he had actually increased her workload, adding the responsibility of helping him pass their final Archeology classes. He wanted to be the one to make the extra cash, and she offered to help with some of the schoolwork he'd probably not be able to complete. They were a team, just like when they were both on the Forks cheerleading team. Edward was a yell leader and her spotter. He didn't trust anyone else with his girlfriend, especially while she was doing dangerous stunts in the air, so he tried out and made the team— Go Spartans! They had always worked well together; this stage in their life would be no different. Edward pressed harder on the gas pedal as his brain whirled with all kinds of thoughts and he sped through the streets to get to Bella. He had the vision of Bella's pink, pouty lips ingrained in his mind, and at the mere mention of the word ravenous, a word she also used when she was frisky, spilling from those lips, he knew exactly what he should feed her for lunch. It had been at least two weeks, and he knew she was hungry for it again. Damn, he was craving some, too. "Meet me in the archive section on the third floor. I'm about fifteen minutes away, 'kay?" Edward asked. Bella's reply came with another yawn. "See you soon, baby." ...D… Edward pulled into the parking lot of the Capitol Hill Branch in record time, with two minutes to spare. He parked the work truck catawampus in a parking space by the entrance and jogged into the library. He hoped to avoid Jessica who worked the front desk. She couldn't take a hint or even a verbal "no, thank you, I have a girlfriend" as a brush off. The advances she made toward him were embarrassing, for her, and he dreaded any contact. Thank God, he was in luck. Jessica was deep in conversation with a customer. Edward ducked behind a row of shelving and hunched over in case she looked up, scurrying like a rat in a restaurant to his little morsel, Bella. He was panting after running up three flights of stairs. His lungs yearned for oxygen, but his body yearned for a piece of Bella. She was all the air he needed in this world; she filled him up with all the subatomic particles: protons, neutrons, and electrons needed to sustain his existence. Edward found Bella exactly where they agreed to meet. In the tucked-away area, he had requested. Bella's back was turned to him, so he snuck up on her and quietly rawred in her ear like a dinosaur because, after all, it was a library and rawring was frowned upon. Bella jumped. "You scared me." "Dinosaurs are scary," he whispered in her ear. "Remember?" Pressing his body against her back and gently thrusting his pelvis into her. "Especially the T-Rex." He emphasized with a firm push. The books Bella had been nudged into were dusty—because who really read those old ones, anyway—and her boobs were now fuzz-coated. "Rex can settle down." She pushed against him with her butt so she could turn around. "He's hungry." Edward caged her between the bookshelf and his toned torso; his strong arms wrapped around her. He kissed her under her ear and nibbled the column of her neck with his teeth for the full dino-effect. Bella giggled. "I'm too tired for your dinosaur game today." "Let me make you feel good, baby. It's been too long." Edward waggled his eyebrows. "Rex has missed you." Bella had given his manhood the nickname Rex shortly after they started a paleontology course their second year. They were both drunk and fooling around in their apartment, playing 'Name That Dino' with a package of plastic dinosaurs they had purchased at Walmart. Bella was fascinated with the massive head and long, heavy tail of the Tyrannosaurus rex, which, because she was so drunk, made her think of her boyfriend's penis; hence, how Edward's cock got its name. Bella was exhausted, but the thought of a little hanky panky in the library gave her a second wind. "Okay, but make it quick." Edward lifted her sweatshirt up and over her head in a flash, much to her surprise. "Baby!" She gasped, covering her bare breasts. "Shh," he shushed her with his lips on hers. "It's perfect." There was no way they'd get caught having sex in this spot. He never saw anyone up there, and he wanted full access to those delicious boobs of hers. "We should take this to a private study room," Bella suggested. She wasn't as convinced as her boyfriend about that being the perfect spot for his role-playing sex. "I'll make it quick." He nimbly rid her of her jean shorts and pink underwear. They fell to a puddle at her ankles, resting on top of her black-striped Adidas. Edward's Seattle Public Library T-shirt was the next piece of clothing to disappear, and disappear it did. He tossed it with a little too much gusto. He hadn't noticed how the green cotton flew over the shelf to the next aisle because Rex was clawing to get out and play with his little mate. "Mmm, you smell good." He sniffed the air with a shake of his head and gave a low rawr with snarled teeth, making Bella smile. She tried containing her giggles because Edward really put on a good show for her when he role-played, and she didn't want to hurt his feelings. Even as exhausted as she was, Bella played along. "Please don't eat me." She tried looking and sounding frightened, but a long yawn slipped out. Edward showed his teeth once again; he was inches away from her throat, threatening an attack on his prey. Unfortunately, he lost concentration soon after. As simple as it was to get Bella completely ready for him, he was having trouble with his zipper. "Fuck," Edward said. The word traveled throughout the deserted space, bouncing off the books surrounding them. Bella cupped her hand over his mouth before a trail of curse words spilled out. She didn't want to alert anyone to their whereabouts. "Here, let me." She tried kneeling down, but thumped hard to her knees on the carpet. "Ouch." Her voice was also a little loud as pain radiated in her kneecaps and shot up her thighs. She covered her own mouth with her hand. Shit! She had forgotten her ankles were constricted by clothing. Both she and Edward froze, listening intently to make sure they were still alone before Bella continued with her plight—freeing the dino. Edward braced himself on the bookcase in front of him. Bella looked adorable as she fiddled with the crotch of his jeans. It only made Rex that much more ferocious, and he grew in size, making it more difficult for Bella to free him. "Be careful, please," he whispered. "Don't get Rex caught in the teeth of my zipper." "Maybe that's how they became extinct?" Bella looked up with a cheeky grin. "Maybe they were at the mercy of other dinosaurs' teeth. Maybe they weren't King of the Jurassic Era, after all?" "How dare you?" he teased. "You know they were the most badass creatures on the planet." Bella ignored him. Her tongue was protruding from her mouth in complete concentration as she diligently wiggled and tugged on the metal slider. With one last jerk of her hand, the zipper opened and Edward's dino-dick sprung free. Bella wasn't so sure if it was from her efforts or Rex's, but regardless, he was poking out of Edward's blue jeans and almost bopped her on the nose. A ferocious, ear-splitting rawr exited Edward's mouth, and he grabbed at Rex, hopping around. Bella noticed tears forming in his eyes and jumped up. Again, she had forgotten about her clothing shackles and immediately hit the carpet again. "My balls. My balls. Fuuuuuck!" "Oh, my God, baby. Are your webos caught in the zipper?" "Ouch, ouch, ouch," Edward chanted. He was trying hard to free the skin on his scrotum, which was lodged securely between the metal teeth. Once Bella righted herself, her hands were back on his zipper in no time. "Let me help." "You've helped enough," Edward cried through labored breaths. Bella refused to let go. "On the count of three." Edward couldn't fathom what would happen on the count of three, but he trusted Bella with his life, er, in this case, his boulders. He had a death grip on the dusty bookshelf, his knuckles white from fear. He was perspiring and a tad bit dizzy, bracing himself for doom. Edward had a fleeting thought: maybe dinosaurs were extinct because they were big fat sissies, and they had their jewels ripped off during the act of mating; therefore, they couldn't make their species thrive. Bella was once again on her knees. That would have been a beautiful, sexy-as-fuck image if his nads weren't on the verge of being ripped from his body, or so he thought. His whimpers became louder as Bella counted to the mystical number three. That magic number would be either the best thing he'd ever heard, with exception of how Bella sounded in the heat of passion, or the worst number he'd ever encountered in his entire life. A vision of a guillotine came to mind, and a tear rolled down his cheek. Bella breathed out, "Three." She didn't want to create a bigger scene, not that anyone was around, but she figured in a millisecond Edward would be coming unglued. So,