Disclaimer: Stephenie Meyer owns all things Twilight but ... I'm going to use her characters to surprise my friend. This O/S is a birthday gift for my dear friend PostApocalypticDepository! I wanted to surprise her and put a smile on her sweet face. She deserves this and SO much more. She is my pre-reader, although not on this little ditty, and a sweet irreplaceable friend. Thank you for everything PAD! HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Love you tons. Gee Xo You should all go and wish her a happy birthday. Special thanks to Daphodill for beta'ing this on short notice, and as always corrected my mistakes. Thank you for all you do for me! But ultimately all mistakes are mine, because I tweak things up until I post. And here it is ... enjoy! Cupcakes and Happily Ever After Merchandising had become my life, it seemed. It was my job, my business to find the best product lines, giving consumers' high-quality choices. I had several companies ready for distribution, but one local company I'd been begging to carry their line, was being elusive. The owner was never available to speak with me, and apparently didn't want to distribute their goods to any additional businesses. Their business had boomed since opening a few years ago, and they didn't feel the need to sell their delectable's anywhere else, or so that's what I'd been told. The only contact, although scant, had been with the manager, Alice. I would still try, though. I knew their product was all the rage with people in our town, so I wanted to sell their goods in my store, as well. I wouldn't give up, not until I had spoken directly to the owner and been given an answer from the horse's mouth. I was nothing, if not persistent. My days had been filled with work, and nothing else. I was tired. The holidays had come and gone in an instant, but it seemed like I had been dragged through the mud and trampled on by the last-minute shoppers who had been coming and going from my store at such a fast pace. People needed to eat, and they wanted what I had to offer. I was well known in this town. "We still on for tonight?" My best friend's voice boomed on the other end of the phone. "Yeah, sure." "Don't sound so excited, man." My friend since high school had a way of brightening up a room and making people w ant to do the things they didn't necessarily feel like doing. "My date cancelled, though, so I'll meet you at the club. Reserved table, right?" I asked. "Yep, always. I'm sure you won't have a hard time finding a lovely lady to ring in the New Year with." He was always the optimist. Plus he knew me; he knew that the odds were in my favor of hooking up with someone. I knew the plans for tonight; I've known them since last year, and even the year before that. They're always the same. Last week I was excited about them, but this week not so much. It would be the usual New Year's Eve party just a different club and always a different date. I wasn't sure I wanted to continue the tradition with my best buddy, but I wouldn't cancel on him, not this year anyway. I knew he had a date lined up, but still, I wasn't going to cancel. My date, a hot little number that came into my specialty food market, is currently home with a sick child. Yep, most of my dates have children. A decade ago I would have told you to fuck off if you told me I'd date a girl with a kid—or kids. But being thirty and single, most of the women I've met are mothers. Nothing wrong with mothers—I've got one. It's just, I should have settled down long ago, but starting my own business and having fun playing the field took precedence over finding a nice girl to start my life with. Happy fucking New Year to me. The club was packed. I sat at our reserved table with my drink in hand, rubbing the glass with my thumb and wishing the girls that invited themselves to sit with me at my table would leave. I had sat there long enough by myself, so I guess I was fair game to the vultures—the plastic boobed and over-tanned skinned girls—I usually attract. Any other time I would have eaten that shit up. Something was wrong with me. I didn't have a fever; ninety-eight point six. Normal. I made sure I took my temp when my usual routine felt different. I felt off, not right. I didn't jack off in the shower or dance around to the beat of my favorite music as I towel-dried my body. I didn't even feel like taking my usual shot of whiskey after I shaved and slapped on my cologne. And I didn't want to take my fire red sports car to attract attention tonight, opting instead for my pick-up truck to get me to the club. Yep, something was off. . . . When I saw her, my heart rate sped up, taking my senses on a roller coaster ride with every pound and pause. Skipping to a beat I'd never felt before. I tried taking a breath to steady myself. I even tried to look away, but it was like my eyes needed her to focus because everything else was blurry in comparison. So I just focused. It was then I knew the only thing that would make this night better would be leaving this lame-ass party with that gorgeous brunette who was standing next to the bar. Problem was...she's my best friend's date, and his arms were wrapped protectively around her shoulders. He mentioned, more than once this past week that he was planning on banging the shit out of her tonight. He met her a month or so ago at the gym, scoring the date for tonight just a few days ago. I can see why he'd want to make his mark. She's beautiful. I can't help the way I'm staring at her; she's perfect. So, I find myself deflecting the scantily clad women that keep approaching me at the booth where I'm sitting, blocking the view to my Happy-New-Year-conquest. The one I've conjured up as I've sat here with my eyes glued to her body. The only thing I'm enjoying, other than the view at the bar, is the spicy, sweet, woody taste of the Jameson sitting in front of me. I easily drink it down, emptying the glass, and then inform the red head on my right that I'm not interested. Not my usual MO. I'm not a deflector, and the chicks are getting pissed. Oh well. More than once, I've palmed my cock through my jeans under the table in hopes of calming the big-fucker. No luck with that since the brunette just looked at me, her chocolate eyes scanning my body. Her confident smile and those piercing eyes give me courage to wink at her. Not that I ever had a problem with courage, it's just I'd never backstab a friend and fuck his girl. Ha! Who am I kidding? I'm totally going down that path tonight. She's undeniably my not my type—I don't usually do brunettes—but I am drawn to her. Screw the big dude. The multi-colored strobe lights flicker—just like my heart—over the dance floor. My heart was never a factor in any pussy quest—before now. So this was an entirely new feeling. I tipped my head toward the crowded dance platform, motioning her there, making my move, hoping she'd catch my silent invitation to show her all my slick moves. I was surprised just a bit, when she placed a soft kiss on my buddy's cheek while looking directly into my eyes, and then whispering something in his ear. She then looked toward the dance floor, giving me her silent answer. She probably told him she was visiting the ladies room. Works for me. Yes! With one last dick adjustment, I slid out from under the booth, leaving a few ladies mid-sentence. I hadn't heard a word being said anyway, only the incessant yammering in my ears. Please ladies...Cullen doesn't have time for your shit , I mentally chastise them . I've got a dance with what's-her-name, in 5-4-3-2-1. We reached the dance floor at the same time. "Hi, I'm Edward, and you are..." I lean in toward her, smelling the intoxicating scent of her hair. I put my mouth near her ear and say, "...beautiful." I felt, more than I heard it, an intake of air—mine. I think she was inhaling me too. I'm quite sure she was, she was aroused. Her hard nipples were evident through the thin, silky dress she was wearing; they were greeting me, as well. Hello ladies. "Hi." She smiled. All confident and pretty in her silver dress and killer heels. I hadn't given her enough time to respond with anything other than a 'hi', which made me smile, because I took her small hand leading us to the other side of the crowded dance floor, just out of sight of her date, my buddy Emmett. I caught a glimpse of her tongue peeking out to lick her bottom lip, making my dick do a little dance of its own. Nice! We are on the same page. Me and my dick, that is. I'd feel Beautiful out, or up, while I had my hands on her tight little body, and gauge just how happy this New Year's Eve would turn out for me after all. She was bolder than I gave her credit for. Her tiny hands slid around my waist, just as the fingers on my left hand combed through her hair, curling around the side of her head. I wanted to go in for a kiss as we swayed back and forth to the slow beats of the music, but I didn't. I wanted her wet and wanting. I knew the moment her hand slipped down and caressed my ass cheek that I'd be taking this little lady back to my place . I was in like Flynn. I pressed my hard cock into her pubic bone, the silver fabric of her dress making it easy to feel the soft mound of her pussy. I heard her moan, so I dipped my head down and looked her in her eyes as we swayed back and forth, gauging the effect I was having on her. When our eyes met, I knew I'd never let her go. Not tonight or any other time. Ever. She was mine. It was crazy. And I was hers. I could tell. The music was conducive to our slow grinding and set the torturous pace of our public display of love making through our dance moves. The sensual moves we were creating with our bodies: light caresses, hooded eyes looking into, not ever away from each other, were driving me insane. Soft touches, gentle squeezes on her soft body parts, her round ass...mmm. That round, delightful ass had us looking like we belonged to one another for years; it felt right. Finally, my hungry lips found their way to the place right behind her left ear; I kissed and sucked there for just a moment. With her hard nipples pressed to my wanting body, I felt every bit of her desire. Hell, she'd been feeling mine since we started dancing. "Let's get out of here," she said, cocking her manicured brow, questioning whether I'd agree. Fuck yeah! My cocky half grin, which had been known to melt the clothing off bitches in the past, was how she received her answer. I hoped we'd be doing the same dance horizontally as soon as we were back at my place. So cliché, I know. We ducked out of the bar, leaving her