Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended . Thank you to Fran for beta'ing this story and giving me the support to actually enter it into the contest. I appreciate your sweet words and the belief that this story really had a place up against all the other bad boys. Enjoy my bad boy and wanna be bad girl. Summary: How much mischief can innocent, high school senior, Bella Swan get into in just one evening? A lot, if she's on the arm of bad-boy Edward Cullen. Entry in The Bad Boys of Twilight Contest. Awards: First Place Public Vote & Two Judges Choice Awards. (Mizzez Pattinson & Jonesn) Thank you to all of you who voted for this fic. Xo Pudding Cup Chapter 1 "What's got your panties in a twist?" Angela asked as she opened her brown paper sack, taking each of her lunch items out one-by-one. We'd been eating lunch together every day since grade school and would continue to do so until we graduated high school this year. It was our routine. Angela is my best friend; we are pretty much the lowest of the low on the totem pole. Nerds, geeks, debate club members, you name it and we do it, as long as it's not cheerleading, the dance team, or anything cool that requires physical activity. "I was lost in my head again." I said, shaking my head and opening my vanilla pudding cup. I often wondered what it would be like to be free from my parents' ever watchful eyes and—iron fists—the rules, the curfew, the homework routines, family dinners at five P.M. sharp, and church on Sunday mornings. I yearned to know. Graduation would be here before I knew it and I wanted to be able to say I sowed my wild oats while I was in high school. "You looked constipated, and that's not a good look for you." Angela pushed her glasses up the bridge of her nose. "Oh, gah, look Ange," I whisper-shouted. My eyes widened as the Cullens and Hales waltzed by our table on their way to grab lunch and then head outside to smoke pot, or cigarettes, or whatever they did out by the fence at lunch. They were paired up, hands in the other's back pockets, arms around waists, and I even saw Emmett Cullen's hand resting on Rosalie Hale's boob. "You might want to suck that pudding back into your mouth. It looks disgusting," Angela advised. I do as she says. I hadn't realized the pudding was there. I dart my tongue out, swiping the deliciousness back into my mouth. "There, better?" I ask, sarcastically. My eyes still focused on the group as they grabbed cans of pop and bags of chips from the vending machines. My parents would never allow me to make those types of lunch selections. The pudding cup in my hand was my dessert, which I chose to eat first. It was my way of rebelling against my parents—saving my whole-wheat turkey with light mayo and Swiss cheese sandwich for last. Take that over-protective-parents-of-mine. I'd been eating my dessert first for the last month in retaliation to the strictness I lived in at home. This was my first step of rebellion. "You're acting weird, Bells," Her brown eyes scanned my face; her brows and mouth pinched together. "Are you sure you're feeling okay?" "Yeah, sure." The Hales and Cullens made their way outside to their usual spot at the far side of the field against the fence. Angela and I usually go out there too, after we've eaten. We spend the remainder of our lunch hour reading. Of course, we stay close to the school, while puffs of smoke occasionally waft up around the heads of the group at the other end of the field. What I wouldn't give to be included in their group. My mind wandered once again, and then my eyes widened as the hottest one of the bunch strode by; Cherry Coke in one hand, jalapeno chips in the other. Gorgeous, autumn-colored hair, bright-green eyes that were the color of that congealed, slimy stuff kids play with, the sexiest, cocky smile I had ever seen. He was wearing gray, skinny jeans, and a Rolling Stones t-shirt. "Bella … damn girl, keep the pudding in your mouth. You're grossing me out." I swiped at my mouth hastily with the napkin Mom packed for me, just as the door to the outside closed loudly, leaving a separation between the good crowd and the bad. My daze had been broken by the thud of the metal door. My face reddened with embarrassment from having a pudding mouth, and for thinking naughty thoughts about Edward Cullen as he passed by. I might have wished, silently of course, that I could share a cigarette with him and maybe a kiss. No, who was I kidding, it was more like shot gunning a joint, and him fucking me hard and fast from behind. The sad fact of the matter was, I'm inexperienced, but I knew about sex, drugs and pretty much anything else I was curious about because I was a Google whore. If my iPhone could talk, other than Siri answering questions, I'd be grounded for eternity. Angela and I found an unoccupied picnic table outside and climbed on top, sunning ourselves, and reading. Well, sunning ourselves with a few rays that peeked through the clouds here in Forks. When the after-lunch-warning-bell rang, Ange and I closed our books, promising to meet up in AP Calculus before we went our separate ways. I ducked into the bathroom quickly, because I needed to pee and because I had Edward Cullen in my Art class next hour. I wanted to throw some cool water on my face and check my teeth, making sure none of my lunch had decided to obscenely stick around. How embarrassing, right? Not that he'd be close enough to see lingering food bits in the crevices between my teeth, and not like he'd even notice me at all, except I noticed him and I cared. The late bell startled me, bringing me out of my thoughts of Edward while I stood in front of the mirror, finishing my flossing. I caught a glimpse of Rosalie and her cousin Alice darting out of the same stall, running like greased lightning out of the bathroom. I was positive they were permanent fixtures in detention from habitual tardies in all their classes. I knew this because I was an office proctor and saw the tardy slips—I was also in charge of making the detention list for the next day. "Crap!" I threw my hair in a ponytail, and grabbed my book bag, throwing it over my shoulder. I ran like the devil, just like Rosalie and Alice had a few seconds ago. "Miss Swan, how nice of you to join us," Mr. Banner's voice was condescending. He was such an ass to kids that showed up late to his class. It's not like I was ever late, so I didn't get his attitude toward me. I was a good girl. "Take the last seat in the back, next to Mr. Cullen." I nodded okay while pure nervousness struck me deep within, tying my stomach in knots. Thank God, I had checked my teeth, though. I walked toward glassy green eyes, like a vehicle driving quickly through a traffic light. Green means go, red means stop and yellow means use caution. Maybe the yellow snapback on his head was my sign to slow down and use caution, but I kept going and took the seat directly in front of him. I felt the baby-fine hairs on my neck stand at attention. Warm, even breaths bathed the skin near my right shoulder as soon as I sat down. "Yes, Bella, take a seat next to me." Edward whispered ever so softly behind me—he smelled minty and smoky. "Blushing?" Edward ran one finger ever so lightly down my neck, stopping at the collar of my white shirt. "No." I whispered. "Don't lie Pudding Cup ." His finger lingered, heating the skin on my neck. Oh, Mother of God. He did see my inability to eat pudding. I leaned forward, breaking our connection ... H i s touch to my skin. My eyes widen the size of saucers, which I was thankful he couldn't see. Edward was bold; he didn't care that he was called out in class—or caught talking. He was a troublemaker—a hoodlum. It was almost expected of him to break the rules. I swear he read my mind. "I liked it. I was jealous of your tongue ... I wanted it to be my tongue licking that pudding off your pretty lips. "He leaned forward, I knew this because I heard the creak of his seat, and felt his breath once again closer to my body. He placed his index finger in the middle of my back, teasing the clasp of my bra. "Or ... I'd love to lick pudding off what's hiding under here."My flipping nipples came out of hibernation— spring had sprung —pebbled and hard, straining against my boring, white cotton bra. Edward kept up his relentless teasing. His arousing offers. I took my colored pencils out of my book bag, trying hard and failing to ignore Edward and the way my body was reacting to him. "Come on, Pudding Cup . What do you say? I bet you'd love for me to lick you all over—bet you'd let me." His voice was white-van-candy-offering-seduction. Confident . My shoulders relaxed, my breath turned shallow, and my eyes fluttered at the image of his studded tongue licking shamelessly over and over my nipples, teasing, biting, and sucking me—his dessert— his Pudding Cup . I shook my head no. I wasn't a tramp; I just wanted to be rebellious. Remember? Red means stop. Oh ... but I bet Edward Cullen even broke those rules. I'm sure my dad, Chief of Police Charles Swan, had even pulled him over once or twice, or a dozen times for traffic violations. I wanted so badly to be with someone like Edward, a rule breaker, heart grabber. Entice me to be bad. Maybe bad girl was seeping from my pores, a bad girl scent-of-sorts escaping my body. Bad Girl Eau de Parfum , which only Edward Cullen could sense. Edward took hold of the tip of my ponytail, gently pulling me back to my upright position. I couldn't believe the nerve of him, and at the same time, I couldn't believe the nerve of my body; I could tell I was flushed red, from head to toe. I felt wet in places that I'd never been before. I crossed my legs hoping to hide any other embarrassing liquids seeping from any other lips. I know, gross. But I couldn't be so sure. It felt like a pulsating water jet, and I was sure my plain, white cotton panties were was a bit unnerving that Edward Cullen had so much power over my body. "That's it, relax, Pudding Cup." "Quit calling me that," I begged in a whisper. "Ummm ... I don't think so ..." He chuckled, "... Pudding Cup." I realized an entire hour had gone by, and I hadn't drawn or shaded anything in on my art project that was due at the end of the week. What I did realize, what had snapped me out of my daze, was the drawing of a big tongue—taste buds, piercing, and all—licking the rim of a pudding cup, sitting on top of my desk. My head snapped up to see green, blood-shot eyes hovering over me, two twinkling stars in a dark sky, mesmerizing me. "Come." He held his hand to me and spoke the word with double meaning. His lips pressed in a suggestive lopsided smirk. Edward took my hand, pulling me out of my seat, coaxing me to