Tit For Tat Thank you to my betas, Midnight Cougar and Enchanted by Twilight. I appreciate all the hard work and dedication you give me and my stories. You two are the best! xoxo A special thank you to Honeybee Meadows for letting me use her kickass boots for my banner. I pictured her as my Bella while writing my story. Muah! Summary: Mechanic Edward 'Masen' Cullen is a serious businessman. He's a man of few words, yet there's no discrepancy when he gives orders. So when Bella 'Beans' Swan struts into his life, along with her tasty tacos and broken taco truck, will the snarky, foul-mouthed babe give him a run for his money, or will he be able to maintain his need for control? Thank you to Mina Rivera for the beautiful banner! Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable characters herein. No copyright infringement is intended. A loud, rattling vehicle disrupts the warm, calm evening, catching my attention. It clunks and sputters then stops. A burning smell makes its way inside the fire station where I'm working in the bay. It chokes me up, and I cough a few times to clear my throat. Unfortunately, it's a common occupational hazard. A few minutes later, heavy footwear slaps across the floor and a sweet, raspy voice calls out, "Who wants tacos?" The girl sounds like a sultry crooner. The depth of her voice and the way it floats through the diminishing smoke cloud is lyrical. I'm elbows deep under the greasy hood of the fire truck I'm here to repair. I don't look over, even though I'm itching to take a peek. All I want to do is get home, take a shower, and kick back with a beer. Some food would be good too—now that she mentions it. In unison, the guys on duty shout, "We do!" They've been sitting around all night, shooting the shit, spitting sunflower seeds, and flexing their muscles like it's some sort of pissing contest. "What took you so long? We're wasting away here," Emmett teases. He must know the gal because the guys laugh and join in teasing her too. I've been dealing with Emmett McCarty for years. He's a good guy and a strong Captain of Fire Station 5. But he's constantly joking around. Not my style. I prefer to be serious—always. Thirty-two years and I'm still the same. An inherited trait from my old man. God rest his soul. There's no discrepancy when I give orders to the guys in my shop. I don't have time to fuck around; I'm a busy man, hell-bent on making a good living. "Fuck off, Em." My brows rise. I like this girl already. I don't stop working, though. I keep listening. I'm a man of few words. I definitely inherited that too. I can tell a whole hell of a lot by keeping my mouth shut and my ears open. It's part of how I maintain control over, well, everything in my life. When I do speak, I say what I mean and mean what I say. "You're later than usual, that's all, Beans." "My truck is acting like a little bitch," she spits back with venom. "She better get me through this weekend, or I'll be fucked." I can't help but take a gander over my shoulder, catching a glimpse of combat boots attached to some fucking gorgeous bare legs. That's all I see as she moves around, passing out tacos. I know this is what she's doing because the guys tell her how much they love her taco. I shake my head— losers. Em blows a gasket, barking at the guys, telling them to give some respect to his sister. Ah, that explains the fuck off I'd heard directed at him a few seconds ago. "Yeah, respect the step-sister, douche bags." There's some playfulness to the girl's voice. "Or I'll quit feeding your sorry asses." I haven't seen her face yet, but the mouth on her would make a sailor proud. Mouths like hers are usually fuckable too. I redirect my attention back under the hood. I'm ready to get out of here. "I thought you got her fixed last month?" Emmett asks, and my attention is again diverted. . "Alice's boyfriend, Jasper, looked under the hood. He couldn't find anything wrong with her." I grab my wrench, tighten a few hoses, and keep listening. What kind of idiot is this Jasper character? He must have a desk job in some high rise if he can't spot the issues with that beast—either that or he's blind. I could hear some of the problems from a mile away without even setting eyes on it. I'm damn good at what I do. I've worked on cars since I was twelve. "I didn't think it'd start tonight, but Alice kicked the grill a few times, and I cursed her out. She started then. Fucking stubborn whore." I chuckle under my breath; this chick is badass. But seriously? Kicking the truck and cursing it out ain't gonna make it start—that was pure luck. "Better figure it out." "No, shit, Einstein. I'm booked for a wedding reception at the park this weekend." I hear her tossing more food to the guys and them thanking her. She ignores them. "I keep praying Cool Beans doesn't break down on the side of the road until afterward. I'll have the money to fix her after Saturday. If it's not over a thousand bucks." I've seen Cool Beans around town, even outside a bar Jacob and I frequent. That explains the tacos she's handing out. "You need me to spot you?" "No, thanks. I'm a big girl, bro." Those boots clomp closer to where I'm at in the bay. I want to look up, put a face to the voice, but I keep working. Grabbing a hot shower and a beer is my goal. It's been a long week already, and it's only Tuesday. I'm beat. "Wanna taco?" I see her out of the corner of my eye, holding a taco toward me. I shake my head. "You sure?" She wiggles her hand as if I'm a damn dog, enticing me to come and get a treat. I nod, working the wrench. "You're loss. My tacos are the best in town." She clucks her tongue. "The shit." She's feisty and confident. I like that. Normally, the girls I attract are passive, easy fucks. This girl is direct. I can only imagine how much of a firecracker she'd be in the sack—loud and explosive. She backs up, ready to turn. "Wait." My voice comes out gruff. I clear my throat and turn my head, stepping off the ladder. I toss the wrench in my toolbox, making a loud clatter. Sweet Jesus, I'm not prepared for what I see, she's beautiful—a real knockout in my book. Bracelets jingle on her arm when she extends the taco my way, diverting my attention off her pretty face. Then I notice her black nails and the skull ring sitting on her middle finger. I wipe my hands on my coveralls and bring my attention back to the taco she's offering. It smells delicious. "I'll be the judge of that." The girl is petite. Lots of creamy skin shows, making her as much of a treat as the food she puts in my hand. She's got legs for days, descending from under a tight, black denim mini skirt, where I bet she's wearing a black thong wedged between perky ass cheeks. If she were to bend, even slightly, I'd be able to tell. I contemplate dropping something, but the only thing in my hand is the taco, and I'm not about to drop that—I'm hungry. She taps the toe of her unlaced, black boot with her arms crossed under her tits, waiting for my review. She wants to find out whether I think it's the best in town—or not. I shove half the taco in my mouth and bite down before chewing. I take my time, allowing my eyes to roam up and down her body. Finally, my eyes settle on her tits, and I keep them there until I swallow. I'm unashamed. Life's too short not to be honest, and honestly, I like what I see. She doesn't seem to mind because she's staring at the ink on my arms. In fact, she fixes one hand on her hip, arching ever so slightly, pushing her chest forward. For a little gal, her titties are a nice size. She's not wearing a bra under the tight, ribbed tank either, and her pierced nipples are rock-hard. My fucking cock twitches, so I readjust it with my free hand, winking and swallowing. She wasn't lying; it's the most delicious taco I've ever tasted. I think she assumes I'm going to tell her this, but I'm not gonna make it that easy. I shrug. "They're okay, Beans." I use the name I'd heard Emmett call her. "Okay?" She lifts a brow and her painted lips part. What I wouldn't give to see my cock stained with her cherry-red lipstick. I hear a puff of air leave her mouth as she huffs out her disapproval. She's pissed. "Mhmm." I shove the last half of the taco in my mouth and wad the paper into a ball. Her toe taps louder on the concrete floor. Her hand flies to her dark hair, and she combs her fingers through the side with shorter strands. Never have I liked short hair—until now. It's shiny and slicked back on one side, and the color matches the oil smeared across my coveralls. Goddammit, she's hot. "I'm Bella, not Beans. And you're a fucking liar." I reach in my pocket and pull out a couple bucks to pay her for the taco. "I didn't say it was bad, beautiful." I egg her on a little more. "It's Bella to you," she scoffs. "Not fucking beautiful. And you didn't say it was good, either." She bats my hand away. "I don't need your money. I bring the guys tacos for free—the day's leftovers." I inhale slowly through my nose, sniffing the air. The smell of her truck still lingers in the firehouse. "You might." If looks could kill, I'd need the assistance of the Captain and his paramedics. Her glare is lethal. I love it. "You're an asshole. You know that?" "So I've been told." I offer the money again, along with my business card. "That rattle trap out there is gonna need some TLC—soon." "Don't talk about her like that. She'll be fine." I step closer to her. One large step and I'm there, breathing her in. She's sweet and spicy, like churros and cayenne. I hook my finger in the front pocket of her skirt and slide in both the money and my business card. I want to touch the smooth skin on her arms and lean down until our eyes are level and our lips match up. I want to pull her into me—hard—until her hip bones clash into me, but I keep just enough space between us. Even through her tough exterior, she'd be way too easy to seduce. I see her suck in a breath, and her cheeks flush a shade or two lighter than her lips. "Just in case that kick doesn't work next time." I wink, keeping a straight face. "Cocky bastard." She turns, mumbling under her breath. Her ass swishes from side to side as she stomps out the open garage doors back to her food truck. "Beans," Emmett calls out, running after her. "I don't know why I keep coming here. You are all a bunch of mother fuckin' morons," Bella yells. "Wait, what? What's wrong?" My cock deflates as I shut the hood of the fire truck and gather my tools, putting them into my toolbox. I wave to the guys as I leave, wishing I had a couple more amazing tacos to take