This is my entry in the Ruggeddom Contest hosted by Jonesn. I'm thrilled to announce that CaliGirlMon choose it as her favorite. Nomad Love also tied for Most Rugged, along with Lines by Hoodfabulous. I'm truly honored, I was in great company. Thank you to those that read, reviewed and voted for my fic. And a HUGE thank you to Sunflower Fran for beta'ing this story for me. I think I'm going to start calling her my good luck charm. Summary: Wandering around the country has been in Emmett's blood for years. Meeting new people, seeing new sights, and experiencing new adventures was his idea of life. He's left a trail of starry-eyed women behind, but will Rosalie Hale be enough to tame his nomad ways and make him fall in love? Disclaimer: The author does not own any publicly recognizable entities herein. No copyright infringement is intended. Nomad Love Over the past seven years, without a car and only his thumb to hitch his way from one place to another, Emmett had good luck making his way around, seeing the country. With his kind of looks—deep set dimples, masculine, toned physique and tight Wrangler jeans covering the bottom half of his six-foot four-inch frame, he never had a problem. His charming personality added to his list of assets, and most of his rides were from the female persuasion. Emmett's thumb was never extended very long before smoking tires came to a screeching halt on a blacktop-surfaced road. The greeting he received from a more than willing driver was music to his ears. On multiple occasions, his looks got him more than just a ride to his desired direction. Emmett loved the life of a nomad—not staying in any one place long enough to lie down roots, which suited him just fine. He was all about the journey, no relationship to tie him down, and no one to answer to. Although, three years prior, in Mississippi, there was a little brunette named Bellawho tickled his fancy. She loved him in ways he'd never been loved before. Six years his senior, she showed him a thing or two in her ornate, four-poster bed. He met her in a little Podunk gas station that she owned and operated. He'd ridden as far as he could with the trucker that had given him a lift, and he just happened to find himself at Swan's Quickie Mart; looking at the help wanted bulletin board, just inside the doors. Bella spotted Emmett, clad in a worn, sleeveless flannel shirt, unbuttoned to mid chest. It looked like the sleeves had been ripped, leaving frays of soft fibers around his broad shoulders. The second he stepped through the door, she couldn't take her eyes off him. The definition of his pecks peeked through the open shirt. "Mornin'." Bella greeted. "Morning." He tipped his head to Bella. She was a breath of fresh air and a sight for sore eyes. He'd just spent the last nine hours in the cab of an eighteen-wheeler, smelling fast food and farts. He inhaled her sweet vanilla perfume as it wafted toward him. "Can I help ya?" Her eyelashes fluttered like the wings of a hummingbird. She hadn't meant to be so obvious. "You happen to know of any jobs here in town?" "Um, I do." She smiled. "I have some odd jobs 'round here, I reckon I could hire ya." Bella winked and stuck her hand out to him. "I'm Bella, by the way." He took her hand in his, "Nice to meet you, Miss Bella, I'm Emmett." Bella didn't exactly know what she'd have Emmett do, but she liked what was standing in front of her,and she'd think of something real soon. . . . Working in Swan's Quickie Mart doing odd jobs was an opportunity for Emmett to pad his wallet, and rest his feet for a while. Bella, on the other hand, didn't mind at all watching Emmett work, fixing her kitchen pipes in a worn t-shirt that snuggly hugged his trim waist, with tight sleeves accentuating his broad shoulders and defined biceps. All this was tasty eye candy. Bella stared at him as the muscles in his arms flexed while he twisted tools around fittings making the leaky pipes right again. The sight of Emmett made her tingle like a fizzy pop poured over ice cubes. A man in her kitchen—this man—just did things to her. Bella leaned in the doorway, arms crossed over her body, giving her breasts a tiny lift. Her lips puckered in a small mischievous smile as she watched with hungry eyes, the boy who was working, the one that had put a spark back into her dull life. "What'cha looking at, sweetheart?" Emmett winked, setting down the toolbox he had just retrieved from the storage room. "Just a pretty boy in my kitchen." The southern twang of her voice was thick and sweet as molasses. "Yeah?" Emmett looked past Bella to the front of the store making sure it was empty, and then wrapped his fingers around Bella's delicate wrist, pulling her into his hard chest. His hands caressed her back, slowly sliding over her thin cotton shirt, down to the swell of her behind. Instinctively they rocked back and forth, in a slow-dance they had perfected. Bella raised her arms, slithering her fingers through the light-brown hair at his nape. She stood on her tiptoes looking into the depths of his eyes, silently asking for a kiss. Emmett leaned down to capture her blush-pink lips inhaling her sweet breath scented with cherries. Fire-swathed passion ignited in Emmett's veins, making the blood-surging palpations of his heart pulsate haphazardly. Her lust-filled touches got him going. Her hands teasing the hairs on his neck, making him aware that even the slightest feel of her skin sent him reeling. Their tongues met, melding two into one. The sweet taste of the Cherry Mash candy she loved to snack on mixed with the mint from the toothpicks he chewed to keep him from smoking, made a combination he'd never forget. His stomach did flip-flops when she bit his bottom lip, sucking it into her mouth. Nibbling on his sensitive lips was like flipping a switch, turning him from well behaved to primal-animal. "Mmm." He groaned. He was getting hard, and he knew he needed to put the brakes on this PDA session. If they didn't stop now, there was a chance of getting caught with her panties down at her ankles with him buried balls deep inside her. "You do all sorts of shit to me, Bella." He said, kissing her jaw, lightly biting and sucking at her neck. He loved feeling the beat of her heart under his lips. "You turn me on, sugar." She panted; pulling him closer if that was even possible. "We need to stop." He said, not believing an ounce of what just spilled from his heavy-breathing mouth. "Gotta stop." More kisses and nibbles, his lips now at her ear, "continue this later, Bella." One more kiss, this time on the temple where wet mists of her desire pricked her skin. He reluctantly unhooked her arms from around his neck and made a show of adjusting himself. Bella stuck out her lip, tucking a loose strand of hair from her ponytail behind her ear, giving Emmett puppy dog eyes. "Fine, but you make it damn hard to focus on my job when I know what's hidden behind those jeans you got on." She hooked her finger in the waistband, tugging them down a bit. Emmett smiled, blowing a kiss her way. He loved her southern drawl. He knew that when the workday was done, they'd barely make it back to her place before Bella would have his jeans unbuttoned, with her mouth wrapped around his hard, thick cock. Staying longer in Mississippi than any, other place to date wasn't what he had intended, but it had been the best, four months of his life by far. Lord have mercy, Bella was a beautiful women; captivating and intelligent and he could see the starry-eyed love reflecting back at him. It made him nervous. She was getting serious too quickly, and Emmett was far from letting Bella make an honest man out of him. He was barely just twenty-three. He knew she would make the perfect wife, but he wasn't ready—so he packed up and let her down easy. If it was meant to be he'd be back, and several times he thought he would turn around, but he never did. Some would call him a loner, but he didn't see it that way at all. He still had his mother, which he checked in with twice a week, and some family scattered across the States. He even stayed with cousins, aunts and uncles from time to time. He wasn't lacking companionship especially after he rescued an abandoned Border collie on the side of the same highway he was hitching from. His four-legged friend, Diego, was always by his side from the time he left Mississippi. Emmett swore Diego was a human reincarnate. That dog could spot a pretty lady out of a crowd, and nine times out of ten, she'd be curled up next to Emmett that very night. Poor Diego didn't completely understand why he was supposed to sleep on the floor while Emmett got to share the bed with the prize he had spotted. But he obeyed. A Milk Bone might have helped a little, too. . . . "Hey Jas." Emmett answered his cell phone. "What can I do ya for?" He looked at his watch. "At one in the morning?" "Hey man, sorry. I've been up working on a few plans ... lost track of time. Actually ... how far away are you from Forks?" Emmett laughed. "You miss me, coz?" "I need one more reliable guy on my construction crew. Big job, thought I'd offer you a position." His cousin was the owner and operator of Whitlock Construction Co. in Port Angeles, Washington. His specialty was building quality houses; he was well known in the area and booked solid with jobs. "It'd mean settling in for some time though. You up for that?" "I could be persuaded." Emmett chuckled, answering honestly. Right now, a pretty, little raven-haired bombshell was licking her way down his toned abs, looking up at him through thick eyelashes. Emmett held his finger up telling her to hold on, not to descend any lower while he was on the phone. She nodded and sucked her top lip in her mouth, almost bashful for being told to stop, but her hands continued to roam his chiseled torso in anticipation of what was lying underneath his faded, distressed denim. He was tan, cut, and in top physical shape. Emmett worked in the places he stayed, finding whatever was available to keep his journey alive. The jobs varied; sometimes working in restaurants, in a bar as a bouncer, but in most cases, he worked outside in construction, logging, or on farms, and that's what kept him physically fit. He loved his life. "I could be there in a few weeks." The little bombshell with the silky, tan skin looked up into Emmett's vivid green eyes while a short huff of air escaped her nose. Emmett winked giving her a wry smile, running his fingers through her shoulder length hair, then skimming her cheek with the backs of his fingers. "I'm helping a fellow out on his farm, feeding and watering his horses and cattle right now. I need to give him a head's up, let him find a replacement for me." "Are you still hitching rides?" "Yup." Emmett threw his head back and laughed. Jasper didn't understand his cousin in the slightest. He even offered to buy Emmett a car once, and Em turned the offer down. Every time he talked with his mother, she said he had enough in the bank for transportation. Emmett always