Crooked Chapter 1 Life hadn't always been so awful. I remembered my momma in an apron cookin' up Sunday dinners after church, with her hair the color of mine—milk chocolate cake—pulled into a bun. I remembered play dates at the park, summertime vacations to my grandparents' and my birthday parties. I remembered almost every one of them up until my tenth birthday—until Momma died. My eleventh year was bad—really bad. Momma passed away from the flu and Daddy took to the bottle. It didn't seem to matter what kind of alcohol he drank either, because I noticed all colors of liquid inside the glass. He missed Momma somethin' fierce. The cigarettes were the worst, though. He was killin' me right alongside of himself. Thank God it was summer and I had my tree house out back, where I played to escape the bitterness burnin' my lungs. I always took my best doll, Alice—the one Momma made—and a snack of some sort; well, if Daddy actually had remembered to go to the grocery store. Otherwise, I just ate what I could find. Sometimes it was a piece of stale bread with some butter or the last piece of Bologna. I was okay, though, 'cause I had my neighbor Mrs. Clearwater who would bring me a container of supper some nights, or a few groceries, when she could. I also had my imagination, and I pretended I was a Princess in a castle waitin' on my Prince Charmin' to rescue me from the loneliness. Daddy was a mess. He usually slept off hangovers most days, forgettin' he had a job to go to at the aircraft plant. Missin' work only lasted so long until they fired him and that was when things got worse—as if they could, but they did. That day was the day I fell out of my castle and broke my leg. Thank God Daddy was only on his second drink of the day, drownin' his sorrows from losin' Momma and, of course, his job. Anyhow, he heard me cryin' and hollerin' and rushed me to the doctor. Daddy kissed my head and hugged me tight while we waited on the doctor to look at my leg, and that was one of the few times I remembered him tellin' me he loved me. That was also the day I learned my right leg would never be the same. The heavy cast the doc put on my leg came up high over my knee, and I couldn't climb to my castle any more that summer. Instead of sittin' in my castle, I took to sittin' on the front porch steps. The Texas summer was hot, but the front of the house faced east, so at least the sun wasn't blisterin' my skin. It was shady in the afternoon, and it felt nice as long as the wind was blowin'. To my left, I could see the yellow planter box attached to our white house underneath my bedroom. It was empty now, but it reminded me of my momma, and I imagined colorful flowers growin' pretty inside them—like when she was alive. From where I sat, I watched some kids play kickball in the street while a few girls played hopscotch on the sidewalk, but no one ever waved or came to visit me that summer—well, one person did. My new friend just so happened to be a boy. He was funny, and so was his copper hair. It was wild and he kept pushin' his bangs back with his hand when he spoke. His eyes were the color of Momma's emerald necklace Daddy had bought her on their fifth anniversary. Mesmerizin'. "What's your name?" he asked. "I'm Izzy, what's yours?" "Edward Masen Cullen," he announced proudly with a pretty smile on his face. "But everybody calls me Eddie." "Oh," I said. My words were lost on my tongue because I was hypnotized with how his bangs would fall back into his eyes the moment he took his hand away from his wavy hair. "I'm new here. I live down there." He pointed over his shoulder with his thumb. "I'm twelve." I thought about my momma when he told me he was my new neighbor because if she were alive, we would have brought a batch of cookies to welcome him and his family to our block. "I'll be eleven. I think next week 'cause school is startin' soon, and Momma always had my birthday parties right before then." "You having a party? Am I invited?" He teased. "Nah. No party." "Why? You don't want one?" I shook my head. "My momma died," I whispered. "My daddy … I don't think he remembers it's comin' up 'cause he ain't asked me for my birthday list." Eddie frowned and crossed his arms in front of his chest. "That's not nice." "I know, but it's okay. With my hurt leg I wouldn't be able to run and play and have fun anyway." Eddie seemed to be okay with my answer, even though I lied. I really wanted a party, but mostly I wanted my momma back. That would've been the best gift. "What happened to your leg?" "Fell outta my castle. I mean my tree house." "You a Princess?" He laughed, and the sound was music to my ears. The boy made me smile, and it felt like the first one that had tugged on my cheeks since Momma was here. I didn't answer because the boys down the street were hollerin' his name and he was wavin' his arm over his head. "It was nice to meet ya." "You too." "See ya tomorrow, Princess," Eddie said with a shy smile and sun-heated cheeks before turnin' on his heels to run down the street. "See ya." And I couldn't wait for the next day, so I could sit on the porch with Alice and wait on my new friend to visit. The following weeks, whenever Eddie saw me sittin' on my porch, he came over to visit. He was never here for more than a half hour, but we still had time to learn a lot about each other. I told Eddie I was happy when Momma was here, and after she went to Heaven, I'd been sad and lonely because my daddy, Charlie, was either drinkin' or sleepin'. Eddie told me he was the oldest, and his younger sister, Gianna, was six. They used to live up north in the mountains near his favorite uncle, Alec. That was why he didn't talk like me, 'cause he wasn't from around here. His dad, Carlisle, was a nurse and got a new job here at the hospital, and his momma, Esme, stayed at home for now, but she used to be a secretary. It never seemed like Eddie ever wanted to leave, but either his momma called his name for supper or the boys teased him for sittin' with a girl. And then today, Daddy peered through the screen door at us, and Eddie scrunched his nose and told me he needed to leave. I had a feelin' Eddie was a little scared of Daddy for some reason. When Eddie wasn't visitin', I passed my time by singin' songs, makin' up stories in my head or readin' my books—until I got hungry. Then I tried to find somethin' to eat, which wasn't always easy. The day before my eleventh birthday, Eddie brought me a Hostess cupcake since I wasn't havin' a party, he said. He just smiled, handin' me a double package with one cupcake inside. He must have eaten the other one because I saw cake crumbs on his lips and some stuck in between his teeth when he wished me a happy birthday. I smiled, thankin' him, and ate my treat in four big bites. Once I was done healin' and back on my feet, it was time to go back to Hyde Elementary. I reunited with my friend Rose, and I was happy about that. She left her fancy house here in town every summer to vacation on some beach with her mom and stepdad, but always made it back just in the nick of time for the new school year. I told her how much I missed her and about Momma dyin' as we held hands on our way to the playground. I also saw Eddie, but not as much as I would have liked to since he was a grade above me. He always gave me a small, secretive wave when we passed in the hallway on our way to the cafeteria, and sometimes when his friends weren't lookin', he said hi. He was different around Riley and Garrett. He didn't smile and looked cross, as if he wanted to pinch someone or take their lunch money. I also saw him when he walked to and from school, but we didn't walk together 'cause his friends were usually with him. I hit a growth spurt durin' my fifth grade year, and everything grew except my darn leg. It never caught up with the other one. Since it didn't grow like my other leg, I developed a limp. I tried walkin' on my toes so my crooked leg would be almost as tall as my good one, but it made them ache somethin' fierce. And my good leg was bigger than the other because I used it so much more—the doctors called it Leg Length Discrepancy or somethin' like that. They told Daddy I needed to see a specialist, but with him still not havin' a job, that appointment was never made. Daddy lost his insurance when he lost his job, and the special shoe the doctor told him I needed never came to be, so I wobbled around, doin' the best I could not to look different. But, I was different, and everyone, especially me, knew it. Alice, being my best friend and all, still loved me, though, and so did Rose, but I started gettin' stares from kids at school, and then the teasin' started. Thank goodness the summer was just 'round the corner. "Crooked leg, crooked leg." I heard them chant in sing-song voices. I even heard the song at night in the darkness after I'd tucked myself into bed. Kids were so mean. I tried to ignore the hurt until I got home to cry it out, but I never made it that far. My brown eyes misted over, and I ended up in the girls' restroom locked in a stall with Rose rubbin' my back until my tears dried. It didn't take me long to notice, after the first time I heard the awful words directed toward me, that Eddie showed up at school with a black eye. I wondered if those hateful kids were bein' mean to him, too. I couldn't seem to get his attention to ask him if he was okay, and I hadn't sat on the porch much lately for him to pay me a visit. . . . School let out for the summer, and I found myself at home alone, since Daddy finally found himself a job in the next town over. I was afraid to climb into my castle in case I fell 'cause no one would hear me if I hollered, so Alice and I sat on the porch and read. It was two full weeks before I saw Eddie and three weeks until he decided to pay me a visit. "Hi," I said before he had a chance to greet me. "Hi, Princess." "Your eye looks better. The black is gone." "Yeah." He ducked his head, toein' at a pebble on the sidewalk. "Were the kids being mean to you, too?" I asked. I was curious, and back when it happened, I was worried about him. He shrugged, and there was silence until he sat next to me. "Your leg still hurt?" "Nah." "But you walk different now." I nod. "Izzy?" "Yeah?" "Riley and Garrett made