A/N: Here is my entry for the Meet the Mate Contest. I hope you enjoy. Thank you NChanted by Twilight and Midnight Cougar for your excellent pre-reading/beta'ing skills. I love working with the two of you. xoxo I'd also like to thank Lori Jeringan for giving me the idea. I laughed so hard while writing this story. Love you, Lori! It's A Bird! It's A Plane! No. It's...Nerdman? "Hot?" I look over my shoulder and notice Rose crinkle up her nose as she takes in my stance. I am lost in the deepest daydream, standing here in our apartment with my arms raised above my head, hands clasped together, airing out my armpits in front of the fan propped inside the window. My long hair is already swept up and twisted into a knot on top of my head, offering a cooler alternative to my usual work style. At least my bra and undies match since I'm only donning those at the moment. "Yep." If you only knew. "The air's not fixed, obviously." "Definitely not. I'm going to sweat to death if building maintenance doesn't do something about it soon." "Yeah, this is freaking crazy. We've only been in this condo a few months, and the A/C is on the fritz already?" "I know. It better get fixed soon or else." I make a mean crazy face and punch the air, mimicking the sweet moves I witnessed at the bus stop today. She huffs a laugh, knowing I couldn't kill a fly, and grabs a cold beer from the fridge. The spritz escaping Rose's bottle of beer when she pops off the lid captures my attention, and I leave my coveted place at the fan to retrieve a Bud Light for myself. I plop my butt on one of our bar stools in front of my computer, twist the lid off the cold bottle and take a swig. "Ah." It hits the spot. Rose looks at my computer. "I probably don't want to know, but what are you working on?" I've been doing side work for my uncle Royce who collects and sells antiques, uploading items to Craigslist for him. He's been known to have some pretty interesting and unique things for sale, keeping me and Rose in stitches. A few weeks ago, I put up an ad for some Vibra-King products named: Fukuoku 9000 , Handy Hannah and the Dubl Duck Vibrating Massager — all were vintage vibrators that were bought instantly by The Vintage Vibrator Museum. Who the hell knew that even existed? This time, though, the ad is mine, and it's beyond ridiculous. "Not what you think. It's for me this time, not Uncle Royce." I'm searching for my nerdy soul mate, the one I witnessed in all his glory today at the bus stop, and this is the only way I can think to go about it. I'm not at the point of desperate enough—yet—to rent a billboard, but that doesn't mean I haven't thought of that angle or haven't already checked into pricing on one of those bad boys. And let me tell you—those mother-humpers can stick it. "You'd never believe it if I told you. I'm still kinda in shock." "So?" She tilts her head and raises an eyebrow to prod me. "It was epic." I close my eyes, smiling, remembering him for the thousandth time. "Let me guess. The girl with the huge purse full of candy and whatnots asked if you wanted a bite of her candy bar?" "Shut up." I flick her arm, and she throws her head back laughing. "Oh, I know, you asked to use her lip gloss this time—" Rose stops, laughing her ass off because she knows how pissed I was when I had to throw my favorite lip gloss in the trash after purse girl asked to use it. " No! Jesus, that was just … wrong, and so gross." "Okay, I get another guess." Rose smiles, pulling out the barstool next to mine. She must think this is a game, and it so is not. She gulps down a mouthful of Bud as she sits down. "Ben Cheney asked you out again and you said yes?" "Hell. No. He's a dirty douche." "All right, spill. What happened? It must be good." "I witnessed one of the most amazing things ever." I fan myself. This time it's not from the heat in our apartment but from the wild images replaying in my mind. "Continue." She pulls another long swig from her beer bottle as she motions with her hand. "I witnessed a purse snatcher and someone—my Nerdman—ran after the assailant." Rose's eyes widen. "Seriously? And what Nerdman?" I shrug. "Oh, he's new on my radar—as of today." Rose smirks and nods her head. "Okay, so does it have something to do with what you're working on?" She points to the now darkened computer screen. I nod. "So, here's the deal." I reach behind me for the messenger bag hanging on my bar stool, pulling it into my lap. "I need to return this." My eyes trace the killer design surrounding an E drawn on the flap. "What is it? I mean, duh, it's a leather bag but …" "It's my Nerdman's." I run my finger over the computer pad, and the screen lights up. Rose leans over and squints at the words I've written. "Which still doesn't tell me why you are placing an ad on Craigslist." She speaks slowly. "Just listen. My ad will explain everything." . . . Dear Messenger Bag Hero, I've been praying to the Superhero Gods that you see this Craigslist ad. Just after I was totally convinced there were few men left in this world for me, you swoop in and try to save the day. And I won't lie to you, I liked it—a lot. It was incredibly hot. I may or may not have needed to go home and strip practically naked to cool down. No lie. I was the girl in a corporate skirt and low V-neck, sleeveless blouse because it's been hotter than the depths of Hell outside. I had seen you earlier while I waited on the bus, walking around, and truth be told, I didn't give you much thought because I was periodically checking my phone for work. But don't read into that, please. My red storm is in town this week, and my job has been stressing me out. As I waited, I saw a man run up to an elderly woman sitting nearby on a bench, do a ninja-like cartwheel and then grab her purse. She screamed, and this was when you took note. You were walking right past me at this point and threw your fancy chai tea latte at the ground before tossing me your messenger bag —w hich is still in my possession, by the way. " Not again," you said. "Not in my house! N o way!" Following this decree, you ran after the man and yelled, "STOP YOU SON-OF-A-BISCUIT-EATER, RIGHT NOW!" And surprisingly, he did. Although he had black pantyhose on his face, he turned around, and I could tell he stared you down. And lo and behold, he then started running toward you and yelling incoherently. You had paused at this point and remained in place. I could sense your fear, my brave Nerdman, but you held your ground, doing a few shadow kicks and punches to dissuade him as much as you could. I couldn't believe the heroicness right in front of my eyes. At this point, I stuffed my phone back into my purse and pulled the soft strap of your bag over my shoulder. And finally, the moment I was waiting for: the conclusion. With him running toward you, I heard a slight squeal leave your throat; you maneuvered yourself to execute a roundhouse kick, which, if executed perfectly, would have kicked his head off completely. Trust me. I'm from Detroit and that's how it works. As the moment of impact drew near, I hoped you would try to kick his head toward me. Then I could hold his ugly mug hostage and use it as an opener to ask for your number. So I watched with rapt attention and trust me, I didn't blink once, but I did chew on my fake nails, chipping one in the process; damn Ling Ling—or Barbara as she referred to herself—for not putting that extra coat of gel on for me. You then caused my mouth to water when you grabbed your impressive junk and screamed, "Suck on this, you criminal!" But, unfortunately, you miscalculated and your foot hit a parking meter, and he was able to beat the shit out of you since he had the upper hand on the first move. He literally KICKED YOUR ASS , took your wallet and for some reason, seemed to really enjoy removing your pants, only to run off, waving them in the air like a victory flag. I wanted to move; I did, but I was embarrassed for you. I didn't want you to think I was staring at your pretty pecker, in all its uncut glory, escaping the trap door of your wet tighty-whities. So I stood back for a few moments until you cried and then passed out from the pain. That's when I ran to you, bruised, beaten and bloody, sprawled across the pavement by the curb. I was the one who called 911 as I placed a tissue over your limp, but still impressive, noodle to save your virtue from the gathering onlookers. When the police and ambulance finally arrived, they pushed me away so they could take care of you—which is the reason I'm still in possession of your leather bag. But, hey, I think it's cool that you at least tried to do something to help the old woman who ended up actually being a cross-dresser in his forties. And for that, you get a date with me. My name is Bella. I have a cat, I'm allergic to pollinated fruit, and I love roller derby. Let's get some sushi and talk about art … in its rawest form. I hope to hear from you soon, Bells P.S. To make sure it's you, tell me where this went down and what special marking is on your messenger bag. Be specific or it's mine. . . . "Ho. Lee. Sheet." Laughing hard, Rose grabs her crotch, trying not to pee. "No fucking way." "He was so sexy in a nerdish kind of way, his reddish-brown hair bouncing in the wind when he took off running. It was the hottest, most incredibly brave thing I've ever seen, Rose. I half expected to see a Superman emblem on his chest as he lay with his head hanging off the curb with his pocket protector all askew." "Sounds more like Super-Dork, if you ask me." Rose rises from her stool and opens the fridge, pulling out two more beers for us. "Stop. It was so adorable. I put his head in my lap and ran my fingers through his hair, and for a moment, while I was frantically calling 911 with the information about the attack, I pictured us together. Like you know … together." I motion with my finger sliding in and out of my fist. "This heat has really gotten to you, my friend." "Seriously, I need to at least find him, give him back his bag." "Did you look inside?" My face feels hot; heat running through my veins, head to toe, and I nod. "Is there a name or information inside?" I shake my head this time and take another couple of drinks of my beer to cool off. I don't want to tell Rose what I found, which was an iPad and a sketch pad with some drawings. Um, like some really good drawings. "No." "Well, what did you find? Maybe a letterhead with his place of employment?" "Uh-uh." "What