First off I deleted all my other stories because honestly, they sucked, they were terrible, I'm aware. I am going to try to do a new story, but with school and everything uploads are going to be spotty, and if this one sucks I'll delete it as well. I do not appreciate flames, or threats, so if you want to flame send me a PM, if you want to threaten me know that I will intentionally delay the update a day for every new threat I get, not that I'm expecting any, I just know there are people who will do that shit. In my Fanfics I curse, the character might not, but I will probably include a great deal of profanity in the author's notes, so be warned. I don't own PJO! and i'll probably forget to do a disclaimer again so here it is! The story begins with Percy wandering around, his mother has just been killed while they were in California. A small boy trudged through a field covered in snow, the scent of alcohol reached his nose and he recoiled, it reminded him to much of his step-father, two children came running toward him and the boy started running. Suddenly there was a flash of light and the children all fell into the snow in fear, the man who had appeared in the flash eyed the children critically before heading in the direction they came from. After a while of just sitting there, exhausted, the man returned, "my children, I am sorry but I must separate you, I hope that one day you will be able to see each other again, but until then, I am sorry" the two children disappeared, leaving the boy sitting there awkwardly, "you are my nephew Perseus, and I have a task for you, I want you to accompany my son Jason and protect him, I will bless you and send you to the same place as him, I hope you will have a good life" the man said, then the boy's vision went dark. Percy woke up in a crumbling house, there were large wolves surrounding him, growling menacingly, he stood slowly and met the eyes of the largest one, even though he was four years old his piercing gaze showed no fear. The wolf decided to test his courage and snarled, Percy remained unflinching, the wolf realized then that nothing he could do would affect this boy, short of actually attacking him, the wolves as one slunk away. Percy slowly relaxed and spotted the boy he had been assigned to protect surrounded by wolves, trying to stare them down, but it was obvious he saw terrified. Percy approached, about to help Jason when a large wolf stopped him, the wolf glowed for a second before being replaced by a woman, "he must do this himself child, it is his test" Percy nodded and sat down, watching Jason interact with the wolves. When Jason had finished wrestling with the wolves he glared angrily at Percy, "why didn't you help me?" he whined, "it was a test, I don't cheat" Jason kept glaring at him but Percy ignored it, Percy stood and bowed suddenly as the wolf goddess approached from behind Jason, the other boy thought he was bowing to him and smiled smugly, "Lady Lupa" Percy said, shocking Jason. It had been Three years since Percy and Jason arrived to train with Lupa, she had taken them in for extra training due to their stronger scents as children of the big three. Percy fought with a plethora of weapons, all gifts from one god or another, he had a golden javelin which was a gift from Jupiter, a sword which had been a gift from his father, Neptune, and even a crossbow, which had been a gift from Diana, though why she saw fit to give him a weapon nobody could understand. He was not the usual six year old, he wore almost all black, and the upper part of his face was always hidden by a hood, he could almost never be found without his knee length black duster, which was usually worn over a black and green hoodie and secured in the front with dark blue chains. Jason however, was a bundle of energy and joy, he was arrogant, though he made an attempt to keep his arrogance in check, his only weapon was a golden coin which transformed into either a javelin or gladius, his blonde hair was nearly always cropped short and his blue eyes seemed to contain lightning as they swirled. Percy appeared to be the definition of the word depressed, though that was simply a facade he kept up to prevent showing weakness, a few select members of Lupa's pack and Lupa herself were the only ones who saw him without his hood, or a scowl plastered across his face, his sea-green eyes swirled with power, and his aura was stronger than any other demigod alive at the time, certainly not an outcome Jupiter had expected, though Percy's humility and dislike of power prevent Jupiter from declaring him dangerous. Percy had long ago secured the blessings of numerous gods, including Jupiter himself, Pluto, Lupa, and Artemis, though he was unaware of the last, as she had blessed him secretly and even she was unsure why. Percy watched his charge train, he had long ago mastered his own weapons, but he still had to ensure that Jason was safe, his mission that he had not even been given a chance to accept, he didn't need the power, but he couldn't think of anything better to do with his time, and so he didn't complain about the unfairness. Jason was a natural with both javelin and sword, and his control over the winds was powerful for his age, but while Jason could control the winds, and some weak lightning, Percy could control both, his blessing from Jupiter was stronger with control over lightning, but Percy could also use the water vapor in the air to magnify his control over it, and the blessing of Pluto allowed him to shadow-travel, and wield stygian iron weapons, but that was it, with his blessing from Lupa he could turn into a pitch black wolf, and he didn't even know he had Diana's blessing, so how could he harness it. Jason finished dismantling the dummy with a gust of wind and Percy felt Lupa speak into his mind, "you and your charge may leave whenever you feel he is ready, we both know you are" the goddess said, she always seemed resentful that Percy was forced to guard the young son of Jupiter when he was only a few months older than the boy himself, "we shall leave immediately, I will return in a few months my Lady" Percy replied. Jumping out of the tree he was perched in Percy surprised Jason, his hood was up, as always, "we are leaving son of Jupiter, pack as much food and water as you can carry, we leave as soon as possible" the boy was about to complain when he realized just how outmatched he was, the few times Percy had even accepted his challenges to a duel the son of Neptune had shown exactly why he was guarding Jason and not the other way around, Percy had toyed with him for a few minutes before brutally obliterating Jason's defenses and dealing what would have been nearly ten fatal blows before Jason had even noticed what had happened, they were friends, but Percy's duty came before even friendship, and so they were not very close. 20 minutes after Percy had commanded Jason to pack they were ready to leave, "pack faster next time, or I'll start attacking you while you do to speed you up" Percy said, "Percy, I think 20 minutes is fast enough" Jason said, "not if we were under attack" Percy replied before walking into the treeline, "if you wanted me to pack like we were being attacked you should have said so, I'm pretty sure I could have packed faster" Jason said, "whatever Jason, next time just assume I mean as if we're under attack" Percy said, Jason grumbled something about tough older brothers and pushing to hard, Percy pretended not to hear him, "we need to get to camp Jupiter, Lupa will do her best to keep the monsters off us, but the pack can only do so much, we need to hurry" Percy said, "wait, I thought Lupa wouldn't help us with this, it's supposed to be a test" Jason said, "do you really think Lupa would allow the two of us to lead an army of monsters to camp? Our scents can probably be smelled up in Oregon, it wouldn't be possible to reach camp Jupiter alive without drawing an army of monsters, they won't stop all the monsters, just keep most off our trail" Percy said. Percy and Jason stumbled out of the treeline a few meters from the entrance to Camp Jupiter, "go Jason, I'll hold them off" Percy said, "no, we do this together" Jason said, "Jason, it's my duty to protect you, if you stay to help me then I'm not doing my job, now GO!" Percy shouted, drawing the attention of the legionarres at the gate, trees shook as a pack of werewolves broke through the trees, Percy was surrounded and outnumbered more than five to one, he finally let himself become his wolf form as the legionares blew a horn for reinforcements, Lycaon, the werewolf king stepped forward, "surrender now and we will be merciful" he growled, Percy smirked and called down a blast of lightning, the wolves jumped back in fear, and Percy lunged, using the winds to propel himself into the enemy wolves, which were smaller than him anyway. Percy ripped through half the wolves surrounding him before the Romans even appeared with reinforcements, but none of them had silver weapons, so he kept shredding the enemy wolves, until finally he stood before Lycaon himself, he shifted back into his human form and looked the gaunt man in his yellow eyes, "run Lycaon, just run, you will lose if you do not come to your senses now, you are alone, before the entire 12 th legion, I know enough Imperial gold will hurt you, even if it takes every sword the legion has I'm sure we can find a way to at least wound you enough so you wish yourself dead" the werewolf king smirked smugly, "you are but a child!" he exclaimed, and Percy raised a hand, the trees behind Lycaon shrunk inward and then imploded, leaving behind a mist of water droplets, Percy launched them at Lycaon before the werewolf could think and bound his arms and legs, then made a single tendril into a point and impaled Lycaon with it, the water froze and Percy drew a tiny silver folding knife, he drove it into Lycaon's head and released the water, before promptly passing out. Percy awoke in a startlingly white room, he could feel the necklace which held the charms of all his weapons on his neck. There was a girl watching him, and he could see Jason in the bed next to him, "is he ok?" Percy asked, concerned for the boy he had to protect, the girl nodded and left. Jason sleepily yawned and sat up in his hospital bed, completely unharmed, Percy felt a pang of anger at the boys lack of injury but quickly squashed it down, he could not afford to feel anger towards the boy he had been assigned to protect. Suddenly a flash of light blinded both boys, and Jupiter stood there, in all his imagined glory. Percy hurriedly got out of the bed and bowed, but Jason froze in shock, "Perseus Jackson, I have come to relieve you of your mission, I wish you luck within the legion" then the god was gone without so