She crept up on him. It was his fifth year mentoring in the Games. Five years of training tributes only years younger than him. Ten children he had watched die. In a selfish way, he was glad nobody from District 4 had won since him- because it meant less time he would have to spend in the Capitol. Five years of being sent between strangers to stay in their beds, become familiar with their bodies, perform as though every touch enthralled him- rather than terrified him, repulsed him, haunted him. Though publically, he'd only been "available" for three of those years. The "mysterious" death of his parents had convinced him to partake in the first two. The only person he'd ever let himself love since was Mags- Mags who had practically raised him, who had revived him from dark places and reminded him of the best parts of himself, the parts she believed in despite his own doubts. Finnick didn't expect her to win. Annie Cresta was fifteen. She was so gentle and so kind. She didn't stand a chance in the arena. It hurt, to watch someone with so much goodness be sent into such brutality. After her partner was beheaded, he was sure it was only a matter of time before she herself was eliminated. He had been otherwise occupied at the time it aired, but Mags told him that Annie held the boy's hand, even though he was dead. Then she ran and hid, her body trembling long after she had run out of tears. Then the dam burst. No other tribute knew how to swim, not the way she had learned. Annie treaded water for only half an hour, pausing from time to time to float on her back, her eyes closed tight, as though it were all just a dream. The final canon was fired, and they took her away. Immediately, Finnick and Mags knew that she would never be the same. Greeting them, Annie was shaky and still frightened. She looked over her shoulder constantly, and jumped at any touch. Her interview with Caeser was a mess. The more he asked about the Games, the more highlights they showed, the more unstable she became. Even Caeser couldn't seem to make the best of it. It ended with Annie in tears, rocking back and forth with her hands pressed over her ears. She said nothing on the train ride home, only stared out the window. In the weeks after the Games, Finnick and Mags tried to help Annie find herself again. They tried to calm her, to help pull her back together before she would have to embark on the Victory Tour. Weeks of reliving everything she wanted to forget. Mags had invited Annie into her home in the Village, in order to keep an eye on her. She had done the same for Finnick when he was still struggling, not trusting him to take care of his own life. She helped him to put the pieces back into place, pull himself out of the darkness. One day he went up to Annie's room, where she sat looking out at the rain, her knees pulled tight against her chest. There was a bug in her hair, though he doubted she had noticed. When he reached out to brush it away, she flinched, staring with fear-wide eyes at him. He recognized that expression. That had been him a thousand times, recoiling from human touch, believing it to be something harmful. "I'm sorry," he said. "It's okay," she replied, her voice so soft. It was that small connection that broke the barrier. It started slowly. That day, he asked her about the rain and the ocean. The next, he talked her into coming downstairs to join him and Mags for a proper dinner. She even smiled- ever so slightly- at some of his jokes. Every day he went to Mags's house. Every day their conversations delved deeper, and bits of Annie, of the gentle girl he met on the train, resurfaced. They spent a whole week talking through the Games. When Annie began to cry, he would hold her hand, as Mags had done for him. Sometimes she would fold back into herself, pressing her palms so tight over her ears. He would wait until she came back into his world. One morning he returned to find her still dressed in her nightgown, with tired eyes and trembling fingers. Mags was still sleeping, so it was left to Finnick to wake her from her trace. She asked him to brush her hair for her, like Mags had done. He was careful never to pull too hard, as though she was a sweater unraveling, and a tug too strong would bring her undone. It was strange for Finnick, learning to be gentle again. Being valued for his softness and not his strength. Some days he wasn't sure who was helping who. If he hadn't been so engrossed in Annie, he might've noticed Mags watching them sometimes with eyes that held the sort of pride a mother would know. One night, after hours discussing the Games, the aftermath, the emotions, Annie broke down in shuddering sobs. This time though, it was her hands reaching for Finnick, grabbing on to him as if her was a life preserver. A straw for a girl drowning in memories. No one had ever reached for him like that- as though he were something that could hold them together, and not something for them to break apart. To his surprise, he didn't pull away from her. He was pulled to her, his arms wrapping around her, wanting to keep her safe from the world, his hands stroking her hair to soothe her. They sat that way for a very long time. It was then that he started to look at her differently. It became more obvious on the Tour. When Finnick saw Annie, he saw so much more than a girl with brown hair and green eyes, whose hands still trembled, who looked off into space, lost in a world only she could see. When he looked at her, he saw sunlight and starshine, and the moon rising over the sea. He saw hope- hope that his world could be a little brighter, hope that he could be a little better. She made him better. Every smile, every laugh felt like a gift that she had given him. He wanted to live in that laughter. But he caught President Snow watching him at the end of the Tour. A look in his eyes, claiming Finnick Odair as property of the Capitol. His hope was dashed. Of course he couldn't feel that way about someone. That would put him out of commission, and Snow out of business. Annie would become somebody Snow could use against him. He wouldn't risk that. And how could he ask that of her? To love someone who could never really be hers? Someone who would be shipped off once a year to sleep in the beds of strangers? He couldn't do that to anyone. Especially not to Annie. Sometimes they went down to the beach together. It surprised him when Annie asked one day why he kept coming to see her. "I care about you," he had said simply. Not a lie, but not the truth either. Annie got straight to the point. "Do you love me?" she asked. "Of course. I love you. Mags loves you. I want you to be happy. I want you to be safe." Safe. That was key. He tried to keep his face even, indifferent. Those green eyes bore into him. "But why do you spend so much time with me?" she persisted. "You could be with anyone. Not some mad girl." If she only knew. But a strange desire to defend her rose in him. "You're not some mad girl, Annie. You're a girl who's been through a lot. And you're a girl who's kind, and sweet. You make me want to be better. You make me better. Maybe I could spend my time with anyone, but I choose you." He paused, then added, "I need you." She reached for his hand. "I need you, too." Annie turned up at his door one night. "I couldn't sleep," she said. "And I didn't want to wake Mags. But I don't want to be alone." So Finnick made hot coffee and they sat up in his room, talking through her fears until she didn't feel so afraid. When he came back with another round of coffee, he found her asleep on his bed. But when he started downstairs for the couch, he heard her, calling his name. "Please, stay with me," she pleaded. So he did. He crawled into the bed, keeping a distance between them. He had never shared a bed with anyone who hadn't paid for him. How strange it was, to sleep beside someone who needed him, and not someone who wanted him. It wasn't long before he explained exactly why he was so reluctant to stay with her once she fell asleep. It was his turn to unpack everything. And he told her all of it, the story that only he and Mags knew. When he cried, it was she held his hand. When his body shook alongside his voice, she wrapped her arms around him, and stroked his hair. "I'm sorry," she said, when he had finished. "Don't be. When I'm with you, Annie, I don't feel like I have to be strong. Like I have to put on a show or protect myself from the world. You help me to trust again. You help me…" He stopped short, but Annie noticed it. It was different than the way she trailed off mid-sentence. His was intentional. "Help you to what?" she asked quietly. And when he looked at her, he saw her for all she was and all she had done for him. She turned his world to color. She was spring in the winter, and hearing her voice was like coming home. The look in her eyes pulled the truth out of him. "You help me to love. I love you, Annie." The words were out. There was no turning back. For a brief moment, he thought she would reject him, recoil from him. But she moved closer. "I love you, too." She smiled at him. "I love you. I love you, Finnick." His heart soared. "I love you." He repeated. "I love you." He wanted to say it over and over. Again and again, he wanted the world to know how much her loved her. The words he never thought he would have reason to say were suddenly spilling from his lips, and he was laughing. That made Annie laugh, and soon they were both caught up in it, confessing their affections and giggling at the sound of it. "I love you," Finnick said, picking her up and spinning her around, and they both collapsed onto his bed, gasping for air and trying not to laugh at each other. His hands found hers, and for the first time he slept comfortably beside someone. Someone he loved. Mags had seen coming it from the start, and when she finally saw them together, his arm around Annie's waist while she cooked, she couldn't have been happier. She decided to wait until Finnick told her, knowing that the both of them needed their space to adjust to it, and to each other. Sometimes Annie would come over, and Finnick would hold her until the shaking stopped and what she saw was that which was really there. Sometimes he would sing to her, or make up poems for her. They would lay together, his presence a safeguard against the nightmares. Sometimes he would startle awake in the middle of the night, and Annie would give him space, hold his hand until he fell back to sleep. Then she would quietly tiptoe over