Disclaimer: I have not in any way, shape or form invented the Magical universe of the world of Harry Potter. All credit goes to J.K. Rowling for that. I've got some inspiration for small parts of the dialogue from A Cinderella Story, and the song, Uninvited, is from Alanis Morisette. I'd also like to say a huge thanks to my beta for helping me getting this ready to be published. She stood there, on the side of the Great Hall, watching all the dancing couples and admiring the carved pumpkins that had replaced the usual torches. Her wild brown curls had been tamed into a half up do and her face hidden behind a gold colored mask that covered the top half of her face. Her dress was a simple but elegant red gown. The bodice had a sweetheart neckline that hugged her curves perfectly, leaving her shoulders bare. Her waist was accentuated with a golden pattern that dipped slightly at the front, while the layers of chiffon skirt flared out from the waist. Dumbledore had decided that a masquerade for Halloween was in order to give the students something positive to look forwards to. With all the extra attacks and disappearances since it had become public knowledge that Voldemort had indeed returned just a few months ago, Hogwarts hadn't been the same cheerful place it once was. In true Dumbledore style, he'd decided that the students weren't allowed to go with dates, in order to encourage inter house unity. He'd even made sure everyone's masks had been charmed to hide the true identity of the wearer, so not even their closest friend would recognize them. Her breath hitched as a handsome young man approached her, his eyes only on her. She couldn't help but notice that his platinum blonde hair glowed like a halo in the moonlight that shone from the enchanted ceiling. The top half of his face was covered in a silver mask with elegant patterns across it. He was wearing black dress robes, with a white shirt and a black bow tie. He smiled and bowed before he offered her his hand. Taking in a shaky breath she put her hand in his, and he gently led her to the middle of the dance floor. As he turned to face her, their eyes met, and she couldn't look away from the intensity of his eyes. She'd never seen eyes like his before, grey and stormy. He winked at her and twirled her around, before putting a firm hand on her waist. Even though she had no idea who she was dancing with, butterflies presented themselves in her stomach. It quickly became clear to her that he knew what he was doing on the dance floor, as he was effortlessly leading her in tact with the tune. As she looked up to meet his eyes again, her senses kicked into a high gear as she seemed to notice every single little detail about the stranger in front of her. She noticed the musky scent of his cologne as she breathed in, she could feel his muscles flexing as he was leading her and she found his eyes absolutely fascinating. "I'm sorry," she breathed as she stumbled and stepped on his foot. He immediately steadied her to make sure she didn't fall. "Are you okay?" "Yes I'm fine, thank you," she answered. It was like the trance she'd been in was broken and she was suddenly painfully aware of her lack of skills in the dance floor. "I should go," she whispered as she stepped out of his arms, avoiding his eyes. "Please, stay. Dance with me." Looking up, she met his eyes and it was as if all her self-awareness slipped away as she wanted nothing more than to be back in his arms. Once again she put her hand in his and let him lead her into the next dance. It was as if the rest of the world melted away, it didn't exist. It was just the two of them dancing. "You'd think I'd remember those eyes. You're beautiful." She breathed as she held his eyes. "Who are you?" Normally she'd be embarrassed to make such a bold statement, but there was something about the anonymity of it all that made her just a little bit braver. "You know I can't tell you that," he replied. "Dumbledore's spell doesn't lift until midnight." "Would you let me know if I guessed it?" "Maybe," he answered as a corner of his mouth lifted into half a smirk. "Alright, how about we play 20 questions." "How about 10." "I'll take what I can get," she said, biting her lip while contemplating her first question. " Who would you want with you if you were stranded on a deserted island?" "I wouldn't be stranded. I'd Apparate." He replied smugly. "For arguments sake, say you can't. Either if it's because you don't have a wand or there's Anti-Apparation wards in place." "Anti-Apparition wards on a deserted island?" He looked like he could barely contain his laugh. "Are you being deliberately obtuse, or are you always this slow?" She replied back, a pointed look on her face. "Alright, alright. Don't get your wand in a knot." She gasped as he spun her around and she ended up flush against his chest. She looked up into his stormy grey eyes, noticing the silver flecks in them. Silence fell between them while he pondered his reply. "Honestly, I don't know if there's anyone I'd want to be stuck on an island with." He answered after a few moments, just when she thought he wasn't going to give an answer to her question. "Why not? There must be someone. What about your family?" "I have a lot of people in my life, don't get me wrong. I'm just not very close to anyone. But if I had to choose, maybe my cousin I suppose. I haven't seen her in nearly a decade, but we used to get along pretty well." "You're not close to anyone?" She asked baffled, a sad look in her eyes. "Don't worry about me, brown eyes. I'm a big boy. Next question." He added the last bit, as she was about to say something else. Her shoulders slumped and she nodded as she realized the subject was closed. Noticing the way his white blonde hair shone in the lights as they danced, made her wonder about what charms Dumbledore had used on their masks. She couldn't help to think that there was some kind of Confundus charm involved, as she was sure she would have recognized his prominent features any other time. Her thoughts were interrupted as he reached out and tucked a curl that had come loose, behind her ear. "Alright, let me think." She started as a new song started playing. "If money was no object, what would you do all day?" "You really don't know who I am, do you?" He said, chuckling. "I don't have to work a single day in my life if I didn't want to," he continued at the confused look on her face. "If you didn't want to?" She asked. "So you're telling me that you have enough money to live quite comfortably without lifting a single finger your entire life, but you'd still choose to have a job?" "Exactly. I'd go stir crazy if I didn't have a reason to get up in the morning." "That's pretty impressive. I mean, most people I know wouldn't work a single day if they didn't have to." "Money isn't all what it's cracked up to be." He said, scoffing. "How so? I mean, you're sounding rather cynical about it." He shrugged, his gaze fixed somewhere over her left shoulder. "Make no mistake, money can get you far. But it can't get you what truly matters in life. True friends, a loving family, loyalty, trust, respect. None of that can be bought with money." "You seem wise beyond your years." "Come on, we're derailing here. Next question," he said, dismissing her comment. "Hmm, if you could go back in time, what year would you travel to?" His eyebrows rose at this question, a cross expression on his face. "I'd go back to the year You-Know-Who was born and kill him." He replied intently. "Yes, I imagine a lot of people would want that." "Wouldn't you?" He asked. She chewed her bottom lip while she was contemplating her answer. "Would it be awful of me to say no? I mean, sure I'd want nothing more than to have him gone. Just imagine how many people would still be alive if he never came to power. But then again, things would be so different. I wouldn't be who I am today if it weren't for Voldemort. I… I might never have ended up being friends with…" She stopped herself before she revealed too much. "Anyway, this is a depressing subject, let's move on. What is your favorite memory?" He smiled as he thought back to when he was a little boy. "I think I was about five years old. Mother and I were out in the garden, enjoying a lovely summer day. She was reading a book, by the pond, next to her favorite rose bushes. I was running around, chasing a butterfly. I know it's not much but…" he trailed off. "I think it's beautiful," she whispered, smiling as she looked up at him. "Life was so carefree back then." He said sadly. "It always is before you get old enough to start having responsibilities. Although, having a dark wizard threatening your existence doesn't help either." She'd said the last bit so casually, it almost sounded like having a madman trying to seize power over the Wizarding world was as normal as having a rainy day. Despite the seriousness of what she'd just said, he couldn't help but laugh. "Alright, moving on," She said, grinning. 'What one thing would you change if you had to do it over?" "That's easy, last June," was all he said. "The whole month of June? What happened?" "I can't…" He swallowed. "I can't say. It's just something that happened that I would have avoided. If only I would've known. I could've been more prepared. I could've made a different choice." She moved her hand to cup his cheek, while looking him in the eyes. He flinched away from her touch, avoiding her gaze. She hesitated for only a second, before placing her hand firmly on his cheek. Only when his eyes met hers, did she say something. "Whatever it is, it's in the past now," she started as her hand dropped down to his shoulder. "What's done is done and there's nothing you can do to change that. But you still have your entire future ahead of you. So learn from your mistakes, make amends where you have to and make better choices in the future." "You make it sound so simple," he muttered so low she could barely hear him. "It is. It really is." As a silence fell between them, her gaze moved upwards, and she saw the enchanted ceiling showing a clear night sky. The crescent moon was shining brightly and the stars twinkling like diamonds against its black backdrop. "The stars are rather fascinating." She said passionately, a big smile on her face as her gaze moved across the ceiling. He grinned at her words and stopped dancing as the song finished. "Would you do me the honor and come for a walk with me?" He offered her his arm, and she graciously accepted by looping her arm through his. As they started moving towards the exit of the Great Hall, she had a quick look around to see if she could locate any of her friends. As expected though, she didn't recognize any of the people surrounding them. She sighed, before remembering her mission to figure out who the stranger next to her was. "What