Disclaimer: IAMIniquity does not own Twilight or anything that belongs to Steph Meyer. She literally owns an ugly sun spotted Toyota, a laptop, a kindle, and some clothes she got thrift shopping because she isn't about that spending fifty dollars on a t-shirt life. So don't sue her because she's just a broke 24-year-old college student with too much debt already. Yo ho ho ho a ramen life for me! Beta Love: MissVolturiKingsfan- who's fantastic. True Mate Saga Book One: Demetri Prologue A hooded, cloaked figure strode boldly down the dimly lit streets of Volterra. The sound of its footsteps were non-existent but the scent expelled from it in droves, alerting the cities… nightlife to its ethereal feminine presence. She could feel her own anxiety climbing with every step closer to the castle she took. Her fear gripping nearly paralyzing she was afraid that her gift would not be accepted, as it wasn't useful for the kings' benefit or for battle. Then again, there was always the option that her ability could be used to the benefit of the kings. Cruel as it was, her gift had the flexibility to be utilized in that way. Not that she wished it so. Still, the woman continued to glide across the stone streets with only one destination in mind, against her coven's better judgment. Mentally she accosted herself for her boldness. Was it alright to just appear in Volterra? She didn't know if it were against the law, perhaps an appointment would have been necessary? How does one make an appointment with the Vampire Kings? Call 1 800 Volturi and schedule your appointment today! Her frantic mental arguing screeched to a halt when she felt them. Two vampires, almost materializing beside her. "What do we have here, Felix?" One chimed, voice a low but elegant baritone, almost playfully speaking to the other. The woman glanced at the two through the stitching of her cloak to find that they were both wearing much thicker hoods than she. She realized they could easily see her face, and she had no luck in seeing theirs. Had she a heart, it would be thundering loudly in her chest in this moment. Regardless of her intentions for tonight, meeting Volturi guard members was an intimidating experience. Fear was a natural and undoubtedly expected reaction. "A nomad, perhaps?" The one called Felix responded, his voice deep and resonating, sending a shiver of fear down her spine, she did her best to conceal it, squashing her anxiety as best as she could. Which wasn't well, mind you. "Your presence begs the question, are you visiting or simply passing through?" The first vampire spoke once again, directing his questions at the woman. The woman, taking a deep unnecessary breath to calm her nerves so they would not show in her speech, answered quickly giving the barest of details, "I am not a nomad, but I have left my coven to seek audience with the Volturi." The gruff response from the one called Felix was rather chilling in the tone he'd used to deliver it, "Then you shall not be kept waiting." They walked quietly at a human pace, turning down a main road and walking passed a fountain. Even in the night no detail of the magnificent stone structure was lost on the vampires. The light of the moon reflected delicately on the surface of the water, casting beautiful moonlight glow across the fountains surface. Every fine line, every speck of dirt, and even the newly forming algae around the ring of the basin was evident to the three, but only the woman was engrossed by its beauty. "Impressive, no?" The one called Felix asked her as he held a door to the building on the far left of the statue. He'd taken notice to the woman's enthralled expression as her eyes followed the piece of historical artwork whilst they walked forward. She simply nodded, hoping to squash his interest before he was to ask too many questions. She hoped to only answer to the Volturi, if it were possible. She flashed him a small, respectful smile as she passed through the open door behind the nameless vampire, feeling rather than hearing the door shut behind her and Felix following closely. Quickly they came to a hole in the ground and the vampire before her jumped casually, the sound of his graceful landing evident only a second following his departure. "Demetri will catch you, if he is needed." Felix assured, his tone teasing. The woman scoffed, and jumped down into the hole. There was no light, but she could easily see the ground and the one called Demetri, whom had now dropped his hood. His face held a certain neutral expression, causing his high cheekbones and defined jawline to look naturally gaunt. His crimson eyes were in a deep setting, adding easily to his dark and mysterious appearance. As she fell, she had quickly become sidetracked in her careful contemplation of the vampire below her and she was just milliseconds from hitting the floor ungracefully when his arms snapped out to catch her. His hand brushed a small exposed area of her midsection and she gasped audibly, suddenly swaying where he had placed her on her feet as her gift came to the forefront. A blast of information and images surged within her mind's eye. At the end, a face, a name, and a location were the only things she was left. The memories she had been assaulted with faded away as she was no longer able to retain the information. But the face, the name, and the location would remain. Such had been the case since before she could remember. Demetri looked at the woman questioningly, but she did not speak. He grew suspicious but, considering her mission to speak with the Volturi, knew it was not his place to question what Aro would soon see. The guard was on a need-to-know basis, and Demetri knew what was and was not acceptable in the eyes of his masters. Felix landed a few seconds later and they resumed their trek to the throne room, ignoring what had just transpired. As they walked the woman withdrew into herself, attempting to regain some of the flashes that had overtaken her. It wasn't often she had the chance to exercise her gift on vampires, which was why it had been difficult for her to hone her skills. She knew she should probably pay closer attention to the halls she was being led through, but her gift was more important at the moment, as it was the one thing that she could use to help others of her kind. Her thoughts were pulled to a stop when her body nearly collided with Demetri's in front of her. She halted in her steps a mere inch away from his ridged back and attempted to keep her eyes focused ahead of her, hoping they hadn't seen her near accident. What kind of vampire am I, for Christ sakes? She scolded herself. Demetri and Felix quickly made to stand in front of her, now both facing her they were sure to flash her a secretive smile that told her they hadn't missed her near run in, though they didn't say anything about it. "Please wait here while we announce you, may we have your name?" "Aurora of the Empire Coven." Demetri nodded before he and Felix both disappeared through the immaculate door that stood imposingly before her. When she was alone she tried in vain to calm her nerves. This was it. Her coven had warned her not to come but she refused to listen. She would not allow for her talent to be wasted when it would be so detrimental to many of her kind. Demetri- he would surely suffer unknowingly if she hadn't met him today. She would soon tell him what she had seen, regardless of if she were proven useful to the Volturi or not. He deserved to know. She was not left waiting for long, a new Vampire, very small in stature with blond hair pulled tightly into a bun and a vacant expression pulled open the doors, staring the woman down. The girl was almost child-like in appearance. She had clearly been very young when turned. A pang of sorrow swelled Aurora's undead chest. Although, if it weren't for the girls' schooled vacant look, Aurora would think that this young looking vampire was giving her the evil eye. "Aro will see you now." Her voice, like bells, chimed through the hollow entrance hall causing an almost shiver to once again trail down the woman's spine. This was it, there was no turning back. Aurora quickly stepped into the room and, although it was expansive with elegant architecture, it was the three thrones and their occupants that drew her attention. She cared none for the vampires surrounding the room, the ones that more often than not were the ones to rip offending vampires to shreds and burn them. She cared little for the giant letter V that was sculpted meticulously into the floor. What drew her attention were the Vampire Kings themselves. She'd only heard of them. Her coven stayed out of trouble and so she had, in her nearly fifty-year immortal life, never had a run in with the authority of the vampire world. Seeing them face to face was quiet the experience. From their sophisticated, unworldly, faces to their clothes that cost more than most people's homes they practically dripped royalty and screamed power. She briefly entertained the idea that they must have been princes as humans, or at least noblemen of a sort, and wondered just how old they actually were. This time, Aurora was not caught up in her thoughts as she witnessed the raven haired vampire King, Aro, raise from his chair and clamp his hands together underneath his chin. He smiled down at her and it sent a jolt of instinct that screamed DANGER as he descended his throne with such grace that it would have a human fascinated, a vampire enraptured. Aurora bowed slightly as he reached her, even though it was against every feminist urge she had ever had to do so, out of respect for the Vampire King. His small chuckle briefly pierced the silence in the room and she raised up, removing her hood for the first time and allowing a cascade of blonde waves flow from the now fallen cloth. "Aurora of the Empire coven, it is a pleasure to meet you." Aro held out his hand to her, and she placed hers in his. Her maker had warned her of Lord Aro's gift, but she had expected to feel the invasion of her mental privacy beyond the touch of his hand. She was actually quite surprised to find that she felt nothing. No tingling sensation or alarm, just the feeling of his hand in hers. It was rather bizarre, to think that every thought and experience that had ever entered her mind was flowing freely into his. But just as the moment passed a new sense was emerging, the same as she'd had when Demetri had accidentally brushed her skin with his. Aurora's mind erupted with erratic images of a woman with dark hair. Her name was Sulpicia, and she was somewhere within this castle. " Affascinate !" He exclaimed, retracting his hand from Aurora's and offering a dashing smile, "For one of our kind to hold the information of our eternal happiness at the brush of a finger! How wonderful it must be." If she could blush, Aurora felt that she would be doing so now. She was humbled by Aro's reaction to her gift. "Please forgive my intrusion, I came in hopes that my gift may be of better use here than it would be lazing about my home." Aro's hands once again met underneath his chin as he answered. Aurora could almost see the gears turning in