Water Guardian Summary : During the reign of Aragorn, a cult of religious fanatics that worshiped the darkness of Mordor rose from the ashes. After Eldarion was crowned, the seemingly harmless cult turned into something much worse and now threatens the very foundations of the kingdom. Disclaimer: Not one belief. Rating: T for war and death. All of my stories are interconnected unless stated otherwise but you do not have to read one to understand the other. My stories are now available in the form of a list in chronological sequence on my bio. Enjoy! Chapter 1 Minas Tirith, Fourth Age, Reign of King Eldarion, A blissful morning was not a good time to read sobering reports. "They are getting out of hand," he remarked. Barahir looked up, and nodded silently in agreement. Some said he went after his father and grandfather when it came to his personality. Barahir was a man of many thoughts and little words. It was often said that he guarded his tongue more than his heirlooms, his inheritance and his family. It made him valuable, in Eldarion's opinion. The Man easily kept secrets and was always unwilling to surrender them. In looks, he resembled his mother more. Elboron, like Faramir, married a woman from Rohan and Barahir was the result. His hair was the colour of boiled sugar; light brown with golden streaks. His eyes were grey and his beard was the same in colour as his hair. He was tall, because both of his parents were tall and of an average build when it came to his muscles. Barahir never favoured the sword; he was more adept with a spear and bow. "It seems that they are," Barahir answered. "Every day, something new happens," Eldarion continued. "This cult is beginning to get on my nerves." Many would say people of religion were of peace and tranquility and Eldarion found it to be indeed true. But what does one say when they worship darkness like Sauron, or consider the Orcs some form of smaller deities? What does one do, when boys played wearing masks that resembled Orcs and eventually joined the quickly growing cult? He knew something had to be done. Eldarion's musings were interrupted with a brisk knock on the door. Barahir called the person to enter. It was a young man, dressed in the habit of a scholar's apprentice, bearing a tall stack of neatly arranged parchments. Barahir took it from him before dismissing him. He placed a stack of parchments in front of him. "You asked for these," he said. Eldarion stared at the pile with trepidation. He had indeed. The scent of preserving herbs came strongly from the pile. Most of the parchments were yellowed with age but otherwise were in good condition. He reached forward and pulled them close before settling down for reading. Halfway through the pile, Eldarion read with gritted teeth. They were in fact reports, written long ago by both Faramir and Legolas. This was not the first time he read them. His father forced him to, when he came of age. They were grim. Legolas' fluent writing left little to imagination. His precise wording and long descriptions made it seem as if Eldarion himself witnessed the events. Faramir was softer; his wording was more ambiguous. Both of them considered the cult a threat that would only grow in time. "Do you remember Ithilien when the Elves were there?" Eldarion asked. Barahir only gave him a look. Of course, the Steward did. All of them, including Barahir's father Elboron, rode on the shoulders of Elves when they were children. It was odd that it was so long ago. "Legolas speaks of an Elf-woman, Arodis-" Eldarion began. "She was Dorián's wife, who was Legolas' closest friend." Barahir answered. "Did you know her?" "Aye. But it was long ago. I barely remember her." Eldarion wracked his brain but he did not remember Arodis. He did, however, remember Dorián. The Elf was one of Legolas' closest friends, with heavy black locks falling over his shoulders and a broader build when compared to Legolas. He had an air of mischief, even though it was largely dampened by fatherhood. The reports were grim. They narrated their foul practices, and how they endangered the Elves who came to live in Ithilien. Elves were immortal, untouched by illness and hardy against long permanent injury. The entire cult was built on sacrifices and somehow the belief of how an Elf sacrificed for a purpose started. Arodis was pregnant at the time, and she among three other Ellyth were captured on their way to Minas Tirith and held for sacrifice. It was nauseating to read further. The Elves found the cult's hideout quickly, but not quick enough. Arodis managed to escape with her life and the life of her unborn child. The same cannot be said for her companions. Two of the Ellyth were killed, and their unborn children ripped from their bodies as sacrifice. Eldarion felt bile rise in his throat. The children were meant to be... Eaten. He pushed the report roughly back into the pile. Eldarion looked away, troubled. His father kept a tight rein and a firm hand on the cult but it grew at an alarming rate soon after his father's death. When Legolas set sail, he begged him to take his mother's handmaidens beyond the Sea, fearing he was incapable of protecting Elves under his reign. He was right. The Elven domain in Ithilien Forest, the place where Eldarion played for many years, turned into a shrine. They mocked the Elves like Orcs would, chanted prayers in the Black Speech and considered Orcs refined versions of Elves. Orcs were minor deities, according to these fanatics, and Sauron was the All-Powerful. Their hold was strong and it grew every day. And they were far too close to Minas Tirith for comfort. He heard other whispers, the kind he wished were not true. He still did not know how true such whispers were. He heard this cult had connections with Umbar, and may be more than simply people of religion; he heard they were plotting to break the Kingdom in pieces. The spymaster found nothing yet for these rumours, but Eldarion was sure he would not be surprised if he did. "They were trouble from the moment they sprouted in Gondor," Eldarion declared. He sat back in his chair. "Then why did my father did not have them killed immediately?" "That is not how the world works," Barahir explained. "How will the rest of your subjects will see you if you swoop down on a band of unarmed followers of a faith without any cause? Would you turn martyrs out of them? Because that is exactly what will happen. And in doing so, you would rule with fear and hatred rather than with loyalty and compassion." "Sometimes fear and hatred serves a better purpose." Eldarion muttered. Barahir looked at him sharply. The King noticed and tutted in exasperation. "Oh, be at peace," Eldarion added quickly. "I am simply pondering aloud." Barahir did not look completely assured, but he returned to his work nevertheless. The cult had no name, and if they even called themselves something, then it was a secret they did not share with outsiders. They first sprang into existence along the border they shared with Mordor. The caves along the borders were their perfect places for worship. When they gained more followers, they travelled town to town, city to city to preach their views. That was when Aragorn set strict laws concerning them, knowing that things could easily get out of hand. And it did. After the incident of the Ellyth's capture, the cult fled to the coastline and lived there in quiet. Aragorn soon turned his attention to other matters and unrest quickly died down. Soon, it was all forgotten. But not completely. Aragorn never forgot. And he made sure Eldarion was well aware of them. But people, it seemed, forgot easily the wrongs they were done and quickly trust the danger again. Peace was interrupted. The cult gained followers slowly at first, soon after he was crowned. Now they gained followers by the tens, come every month. And what exasperated Eldarion even more was that he knew little to nothing. The cult was secretive, and did not step out into the open to preach in places like the marketplaces and such. No, they gathered followers in the night, in homes and small, unassuming places, among those who lost their loved ones, wealth, and property or were wronged in any way. It was dangerous; such people quickly considered the law as harmful and turned their attentions on a revolution. Eldarion knew he faced a growing problem. But how was he to control it? He knew nothing about them but reports that were too old. And his spies brought little to no information, because they were unwelcome in the innermost circles of the cult. So Eldarion's knowledge was as sparse as a peasant's. And while Eldarion and Barahir were aware of what the cult was capable of, the council was harder to convince. Eldarion was not sure if he could abuse his power to achieve the desired effect. No, he needed more. "There is nothing I can do about them," Eldarion remarked. "Not until I have evidence for plain eyes rather than rumours." "Adrahil would know more," Barahir commented. The name made Eldarion wary. Adrahil was the Prince of Dol Amroth, a young man because his father married later in his years. He was Alphros' grandson, and while loyal to the kingdom, he had the uncanny knack of crawling under Eldarion's skin. Barahir was well aware of Eldarion's feelings. In fact, Eldarion was sure his thoughts about Adrahil were legendary in all circles of society. "He does," Barahir insisted as soon as he sensed Eldarion's hesitation. "Once the cult found their home along the coastline of Gondor, Adrahil made it a mission to keep an eye on them personally. He knows more about their beliefs and practices than any other Gondorian." "And who is to say that he will answer me if I call for him?" Eldarion said with a snort. Barahir did not answer. Instead, he looked at him with steady eyes. Eldarion sighed. Barahir possessed the silent nature of an advisor, capable of influencing decisions with few words and well-placed silence. Faramir, son of Denethor, gifted his intelligence and personality to his line before leaving the world. "He answers his King." Barahir reproached him neutrally. Eldarion laughed. "He answers himself." Eldarion corrected. "But then he lives by the Sea. And he is just as untamable." There was something in his voice, like an odd acceptance of Adrahil's antics mixed with exasperation. Barahir smiled a little, instantly understanding the King. Eldarion knew he was amused "I will send summons for the Prince." Barahir remarked and busied himself immediately. Eldarion stared at him and then shook his head. It baffled him how much Barahir understood him, far better than Elboron ever did. The days passed with little event while they waited for Adrahil's arrival. He met with the spymaster Húrin, a wizened old man with muscular frame in spite of his years and a heavy set jaw with bushy eyebrows over a pair of blue eyes. He was his most trustworthy spymaster, who took the office as a middle aged Man. Eldarion took a liking to him. His methods, although conventional, were effective. "If you are here about the cult, then I am afraid I do not have anything new to tell you." Húrin spoke after greetings were exchanged. "That is not good news," Eldarion remarked. "Come on, my man, there must be something." Húrin smiled wryly at Eldarion's encouragement and shook his head. "Nay, truly I have nothing." Húrin answered. "The cult has its own guards, servants and such. Their followers are secretive of their practices. I cannot send a man within their ranks without entertaining the danger of