Author's Note: Disclaimer: Do not own LOTR This one-shot has no romance, please respect this viewpoint. Flames not appreciated. Constructive criticism is accepted. Enjoy! :) ~S~ Friendship The first time they had laid eyes on him, he was fearsome. His finely made clothes had been torn and bloody, with his sword hanging from his belt. He had been by his father's side, supporting his weight. His golden, slightly tangled hair fell loosely around his face and over his shoulders. There was an air of grimness around him and his lips were set in a straight, tight line. Behind him were few of his people, those who had survived the sacking of Doriath and the plunder within it. They had asked him his name, and he looked at them strangely before replying, "Thranduil". And that was all what he had spoken until his father was tended to. His father's name was Oropher and his mother was killed in the sacking of Doriath. They had mourned their loss in silence and they were splendid even then. If they had shed tears, the wood-elves did not know of it. Of all the wood-elves, he had been most curious of these new elves. So one time, when Thranduil had refused food and drink offered to him and left for to watch the stars at night, he followed. He had placed a piece of bread and some broth in a bowl and carried it silently to where this new strange elf was walking. And then Thranduil stopped, and he stopped also. They were alone, and Thranduil did nothing save raise his face to the sky and watch the stars intently. Hours had passed by until finally he decided to make the first move. He understood that they had no home, and it was time for them to settle here with them. He walked up to him and offered him the bowl. Thranduil looked at him in surprise. He had not expected to be followed, and the elf had moved quietly. In the starlight, Thranduil could see that the elf had black locks like the rest of his kin and he was tall but well-muscled, with serious and stern features. "I am not hungry." "That is what they all say in times of grief and pain." The stranger answered, still holding out the bowl. "Eat." He commanded simply. Thranduil opened his mouth to decline but he accepted it nevertheless. He sat down on the grass and ate silently. The stranger sat down beside him and looked up at the stars, hair falling back as he did so. he sat patiently as Thranduil ate, admittedly ravenously. When Thranduil finished and set the bowl down on the forest floor, there was an awkward silence. "Thank you." Thranduil said quietly, and the stranger nodded simply in reply. It made Thranduil bolder and he asked, "What is your name?" Piercing eyes met Thranduil's own. "My name is Fion, son of Duron." Thranduil smiled. "Thranduil, son of Oropher." Fion looked back at the stars, lips curling as he did so. "I know." With a hint of amusement, he added. "You are not hard to miss." And that was where his friendship started. oOo Love Oropher knew more about war and weaponry than any of his people and even more than the wood-elves. He was wise, but he was dangerous as well. And he was a prominent leader. And so he was made their king and they soon saw that in spite of their grimness, they were able people. So the wood-elves were content with what they had chosen. And while Oropher was proud and tall who preferred fewer words, they soon warmed quickly to the king's son. His name was Thranduil; everybody knew him. And when the War of the Silmarils had ended, they soon witnessed his easy smiles and his leisurely talks. He gave a quick and ready ear for anyone who had complaints. And while Oropher was beloved to them as their king, his son was truly the people's favorite. And so when one of their own caught his eye and he courted her, the news of it spread. He became dearer and dearer. When he married into their own, he was the people's leader. So one day, Oropher looked up from his papers in amusement at his son. It was sometime after Thranduil's wedding with Arodien and he had just began to notice how his people looked more towards his son than to him. "Are you trying to replace me, my son?" Oropher asked, laughing when he caught yet another letter to the prince. "Well, father, I needed to quicken the matters. Mayhap they thought you would need help in your affairs given your old age." Thranduil had replied smoothly. Oropher shook his head and laughed. oOo Family They had an heir who shared their blood and their joy. His name was Legolas and while the elfling looked nothing like his mother, they loved him still. He loved what they loved. Often he could be found scrambling up the trees and speaking to them for hours on end or listening to one of the wood-elves narrate tales to him. He memorized what he could by heart and listened to others for amusement. And then he grew older and he opted for the wood-elves' way of fighting; dual knives instead of swords, to become Rangers instead of Warriors. "A disgrace to your family, you are," Thranduil muttered to his son when he entered his study, completely dressed in shades of black and green, his dual knives and bow and quiver slung across his back. "You are just jealous that they love him more than they ever did you," Oropher called out from his own side of the study. Legolas only smiled, enjoying the banter between his sire and grandsire. "I am not! I recall, father, that you were put off when the people preferred me over you." Thranduil reminded his father. Oropher did not hesitate to accept the fact. "Aye, I was." Oropher said, smiling broadly as he looked up from his papers. "But all is forgiven and forgotten now that my grandson competes against my son." There was a burst of laughter and Thranduil turned accusingly at the only other present in the room. But Legolas had turned to check his belt, the barest of the smiles still present on his face. oOo Sorrow It was the year of lament for him. He had lost all he had loved in one move, in one year. At times, he wondered if he could move on. At times, he wondered if it would stop hurting if he simply lay down and slept. It started at the eve of the final battle of the Second Age. They stood at the edge of darkness, at the very edge of Mordor. And they will fight the fell creatures at the foot of the Mount Doom. It was a silent night. And out of the absurdity of it all, his father had suddenly stood up and grabbed his hand to make him stand up as well. He announced, in words loud and clear, "My son, Thranduil will lead you should I fall." He had hated those words. And he knew Legolas knew as well, though the young elf kept his silence. And he confronted his father angrily after that sudden outburst. Oropher merely raised his eyes and he saw the sadness in them. He had broken into tears and Oropher merely embraced him for a moment. And then they brought back his broken body in the first, foolish assault. Oropher had died in his son's arms. and as for himself, he would have thrown himself into a mindless battle had it not for his son's firm pressure on his shoulder. He looked up and met his son's serious blue eyes. "Rally to me." Legolas said. And rallied to him, he did. Gathering his final thoughts, and accepting the fact that he was king now, he led his people into battle, and they slew many fell creatures that day. Many friends were lost that day and they came home in the comfort that they might at least enjoy what little joys they had earned. But it was not to be so. Dismayed by the darkening of their beautiful forest, and sad on the horrors they had seen, many of his people set sail. Among them was his wife. And so Thranduil sat silently in an empty study, staring listlessly into space. Oropher's table was untouched, for he did not have the heart to go through his things yet. He refused to take his seat on the throne; it was still his father's, after all. And he could not bear going back to his chambers, where memories of his wife would plague him. And then he felt that same precious on his shoulder, that unwavering pressure. He looked up and met his son's serious blue eyes. "Rally to me." Legolas said quietly. And rallied to him, he did. oOo Laughter Thranduil understood the meaning of duty for the first time when he sat upon his throne. It was his duty to look after his people. It was his duty to ensure his safety. It was his duty to keep everything in order. And it was his duty to keep peril away from them. So woe upon any who dared harm his people. It was so very taxing upon his strength and mind. He worked diligently and feverishly to ensure their safety and the easy running of his kingdom. Legolas chided him continuously on his work, but Thranduil did not listen to him always. "You do not know when to take a break." Legolas told him wearily, gently pulling his father out his study in an attempt to get him to rest. They all fussed over him. Even Fion, who was the same as he was. His advisor, Thorontur, was the most capable in getting him to leave his study, for he took over where the king had left. They had often asked him (or scolded him, depending on who they were) over why he spent so long worrying over every detail of the kingdom. He had strengthened their stronghold, their army and had given every resource imaginable to keep the comfortable in his Halls. And he could not begin to explain that he did it in his father's memory, who had spent every waking moment for his kingdom's sake. And he loved the people who loved him dearly. So, he had not wanted them to suffer if he made a slip or a mistake. Some called his duty a thankless chore, or a harsh life that had no reward. But it had its reward. In fact, he enjoyed it every night. It was the time when the Halls were brightly lit to keep the darkness of the night at bay, and the silence is dispelled with merry songs in fair voices and the tables are filled with food and drink. That was where his reward lay. So he sat upon his throne and smiled as his son led a particularly lively dance and Thranduil knew that within his Halls, his people were safe. oOo Determination One of the things that he always had to deal with was the battle he had fought. Every day, the forest called out to him, begging him to aid his people who were trapped, or his soldiers who were surrounded by foes at all sides. Oftentimes, he wondered how long he could hold on. His forest was not protected by the Rings of Power like Rivendell and Lothlorien. And he often feared in lonely watches of the night that one day he would wake up to see ruin about him. But his people were determined and they were wise in their own way. They had tasted danger many times, and had their own brushes with death. That caused them to love their lives more, and each night there was a merry