Author's Note: Disclaimer: Do not own. This is not romance. Please respect this viewpoint. Enjoy! All of my stories are interconnected but you do not need to read one to understand the other. Explanation: I am going to hide in my blanket as I explain myself here. So… somebody in July 2014 asked me to write this as a gift to her. A guest by the name of Susanne. But at the time my studies were picking up and when that happens, my stories pretty much turn to auto until I finally get some time to myself and have some inspiration juices flowing to write any new plots. This month is that time for me. I write plotlines and then finish them throughout the year. So to that dear, dear reader who asked this of me, I humbly apologize whenever you come back and read this. I hope this is everything you expected and hopefully even more. You could say this leads to the story "Beyond the Sea". It will make much more sense if you had read "Meeting of Two Kings", although please note that is an older piece of work so it may seem different. ~S~ Meeting of Two Kings II Ithilien Forest, Fourth Age, "I was hoping you would stay longer." Legolas said, walking side by side with his father. The birds chirped in the trees above them, the sunlight breaking into rays as it streamed down on the forest floor. "I cannot, even if I wanted to." Thranduil said. "I have to back to Eryn Lasgalen and see to it if the rest of my people are ready to travel with me." "And none of them want to stay?" "The ones that did are now with you." Thranduil said, smiling softly at his son. They stopped and faced each other. "You are strong. You are ready." "I will not take your place as king. I will not." "I know. And I will end the kingship with me. You will remain a Prince and a Lord here. The King of Eryn Lasgalen, however, will travel to the West." "Will you give my love to my mother?" "I will give your love to your betrothed even," Thranduil answered. "And if you have any letters to deliver, I will gladly be the messenger." "Fion said he will join you later. He will travel directly to the Grey Havens, and wait for you there when the time comes to pass over the Sea." "Aye, he told me. I will expect him there then." "What think you of the Race of Men?" Thranduil sighed. "I do not know what I think." Thranduil said. "Some here are very strong, able and their hearts are in the right places, but some that I have met seem to me eager for power, wealth and fame. And if these ever take what they desire, then they will bring ruin." "There is goodness in the Race of Men." Legolas said firmly. Thranduil smiled and said nothing. Both of them resumed their walk. "You have great faith in the Second born." "I do!" "And then I will place my faith in them also. But remember, we are tied to Arda Marred, and they are not. What destruction they will do here is eventually connected to us, while they leave it after death to world we do not know." "You are still having doubts." "Doubts that I do not know how to soften," Thranduil agreed. "But as I have said, I trust your judgment. You were never one to speak from your heart than your head in things like these. But enough heavy talk! I hear from the cooks in the Kitchens you intend to keep a merry feast tonight!" "Of course, you are leaving tomorrow, father." Legolas said. "If I had not, our people would have sulked!" "Sulked!" Thranduil laughed. "Why, if you had not, I would have had a difficult time finding the reins of my horse tomorrow morn! They would never allow me to leave!" When evening came, there was a large feast set upon long tables and benches out in the open air. Fires were lit in between the tables to bring warmth. Music played in the corner of the clearing and some of the Elves were gaming in a neighbouring clearing. Thranduil had to change seats from time to time, as many of the Elves demanded to sit with the presence of their king. The food was roasted venison, dripping in gravy and leaf crushing, the fragrance wafting in the air and making everyone's mouths water. In the morning, soon after dawn broke, the horses were ready in the courtyard. Legolas and Thranduil wandered aimlessly side by side, both of them quiet and enjoying the company instead. "It is time." Thranduil said finally. "Fair journey, then, father." Legolas said, stopping and embracing his father. "And may you always know peace beneath these trees." Thranduil answered. The quiet, tearful moment was broken when two Elves dropped to the forest floor, each of them grinning as they threw their arms around Legolas after Thranduil released him. "And be nice to your guests." One said to Legolas. "And do not talk to strangers." The other said. "And always wear your clothes in front of others." The first one added. "Can't you take these two with you?" Legolas said tiredly, as the two Rangers laughed. "I wouldn't want to part them of your company." Thranduil answered, grinning to himself. "They seem to like you." "See, the King thinks we are completely suitable here." The first Ranger said. "Why thank you, Sire!" The two Rangers bowed, and Legolas, being enveloped in their arms, had to bow with them. They swiftly straightened, Legolas looking exasperated. "Callon, Nimon, flee before I decide the both of you are in desperate need of missions with the other Men in the far corners of the Kingdom!" "That is not very nice." Nimon said, screwing his forehead in thought. The other one turned to the King, who was amused as he watched the exchange, and said flippantly. "As much as we enjoy your company, good King, we are needed elsewhere, before this irate Lord of ours decides on cruel notions." The pair bowed again, and again, Legolas was pulled into the bow. "They mean well." Thranduil said, chuckling when the two Rangers scrambled away, laughing amongst themselves. Legolas huffed but softened. "They are good friends of mine." "You will have loyalties from our people as well as from the Elves here coming from both Lórien and Imladris." "You are worried," Legolas said dryly. "Do not worry. I will be fine here, even with them." "I never worry." Thranduil said defensively. Legolas snorted. "Right." When Thranduil had mounted his horse, his faithful advisor by his side on his own gelding, Legolas pressed his hand on the side of his father's horse and looked up. "Safe travels," Legolas said, nodding before stepping back. "Look after him, Thorontur. Make sure he does not get into any trouble." He called to the advisor. "Do not I always?" He returned. Thranduil, by any means, was NOT amused by the interaction. "A king needs no nanny." Thranduil said with all the kingly power he could muster. It fell apart when Thorontur merely quirked a smile. "Come on," Thorontur said. "The sooner we reach Grey Havens, the happier I will be and all the freer when I am done with you." After the farewells, the company lined up and they rode out, Legolas raising his hand in farewell. At the first night, Thranduil felt restless. The Sea called to him relentlessly, making it more difficult for him to find any rest, but with it he felt this urge for some relaxation. A King in name, but a king with regards to a kingdom he was not any longer. He felt younger, more carefree. "Let us take a little detour from our ordinary route." Thranduil said to Thorontur. The pair stood outside, in between their neighbouring tents to enjoy the frigid night air. Thorontur glanced at him in his surprise. "Detour? Whatever for?" "This is going to be the last journey I will undertake. Well, second last to be more exact, but at the least I would like to take a 'look about' Arda-" Thorontur folded his arms and stared at him. "Let us go back to Rohan." "Rohan!" Thorontur actually guffawed. "I see where this is going. Absolutely not! You will not torture that boy anymore-" "Torture? Why, I did not even lay a single hand on him. But that is a very good idea. In fact, it makes all the more reason for us to go to Edoras." "You said Rohan." "And now I say Edoras." "I thought you were full of sea-longing." "I am, but I do wish to wander for old times' sake." "Old? You never admitted to being old." Thranduil scowled, hating the fact that this time, it was Thorontur winning the argument. At this rate, he will never go. "You cannot simply enter Edoras and announce that you would like to stay-" "I am king. I do as I please." "You only admit to being king when it suits your purpose." Thorontur said under his breath. "What was that?" "I was merely cursing the idiocy running in the blood of Oropher's heir." "Careful, I am your king." "I am actually your nanny." Thorontur corrected. Thranduil scowled again. "We are going to Rohan." "No, we are not." "Aye, we are." Thorontur muttered something else under his breath. "What was that?" "I was merely cursing the stubbornness of foolish heirs!" "I knew you would see it my way." Thranduil said. And Thorontur sighed. oOo Edoras, Rohan, "What a beautiful place!" Thranduil said. The lands stretched out in front of them, the city of Edoras clearly visible on its hill. The greenery, dotted with grey stones and hilly flowers. "Stop admiring the beauty and let us get to it while we still can." Thorontur said wearily. "Why, what are you talking about?" "You know what it is." "Sometimes, I do not understand you. One moment you are constantly thinking about the Sea, and the next you suddenly possess an urge to irritate some poor Man." "Old age often is rather dull," Thranduil said. Before Thorontur could retort, Thranduil added, "Like you." Thorontur scowled. "I will have you know I am perfectly capable of having my own source of entertainment." "Which are nowhere as near as 'fun' as mine are," Thranduil returned. "Oh, but I am going to enjoy this one, you know." "Really? Why ever so? "For the mere fact that you are going to play with the boy before you eat him," Thorontur said. Thranduil laughed. "We ride!" Thranduil called over his shoulder before prodding his horse to a canter. "Well at least there are no trees here for you to wage war against, Sire!" Thorontur shouted over the thundering hooves. "Oh shut up!" oOo Edoras, Rohan. Thorontur was right. They had taken the Rohirrim by surprise. One of the many advisors of Éomer, all of whom were carefully handpicked and honestly concerned for the welfare of the people, was waiting for them, looking very nervous. Thranduil felt the tendrils of devilish glee grip his heart. After the initial set of greetings, the Man looked at them curiously. "My lords," The new advisor said. "We were not expecting you." "I apologize for the inconvenience." Thranduil said, inclining his head. "We merely decided to stop by before heading on. After this I intend to set sail." "Ah," the Man said. "Well, then, we are even more honoured for being your hosts in your final travels." "Yes, thank you." Thranduil said, causing the poor Man to blink. That was not supposed to be the answer! Thranduil was supposed to return the honour! It was in private that Thorontur finally elbowed him hard in his ribs. "Ai! What was that for?" Thranduil demanded, rubbing his side. "Stop intimidating every Man you