Author's Note: Disclaimer: Do not own. This is different from my other stories. I am not really focusing on action here. It will be short. I do not intend to write this story too long like the other projects I have going. Based on my one-shot The Silent Guardian. I suggest reading that, because it makes a good read. All of my stories are interconnected, but you do not need to read one to understanding the other, except if I mention them. Enjoy! Chapter 1 Ithilien Forest, Gondor, "Uncle," The young woman exclaimed. She lowered herself into a graceful curtsy. "It is a pleasure to meet you once again after a month of separation. I apologise to appear without a word in advance. I simply could not stay away." She lifted herself from her curtsy. Legolas looked up from his desk and at the young woman before her. She was dressed in breeches, turning her perfectly executed curtsy into something more comical. Her black hair was tamed into a low bun, the strands straying from it. Judging from her appearance (and from how well he knew her), he knew she travelled and came alone. Legolas frowned. His mouth turned down in confusion and Taesel also supposed in displeasure. For a moment she worried if she had truly come too unannounced but then Legolas only shook his head, his expression disappearing from his face. "It is of no consequence," Legolas said, rising from his desk. "You look well, little one." He reached her in a few strides and pressed a kiss on her forehead. When he stepped back, a corner of his lips twitched up. "Don't curtsy to me when you are wearing breeches. It looks hilarious." "I know,' Taesel said, following the quiet Elf back to his desk. "But the governess insists." "You still have a governess?" Legolas asked with a raised brow. "She stayed for two months, thank you. I think I am better in my ways." Legolas gave a snort unlike an Elf. "No you haven't. You haven't tried to get rid of her, because you know your father will disapprove." Legolas shifted his done paperwork to another table. "And anyway, you are too old to have a governess now. She should be leaving." "I keep saying that but no one seems to listen. Maybe you could-" "No." Legolas said. "Your family matters are entirely your own." Taesel pulled off her riding gloves and tucked them into her belt. The light brown breeches and the ornate but practical red and black shirt suited her. The symbol of the white tree and stars were embroidered in silver at the back. She went through his things without bothering to ask. Legolas did not mind. "You are overworking again!" "I am doing well." Legolas defended himself. Taesel placed her hands on her hips. "Really? When was the last time you ate?" She demanded. Legolas opened his mouth. And then he closed it. "See?" Taesel said. "There is no need to look so smug about it." Legolas murmured. Before Taesel could gloat further, he immediately changed the topic. "And what are you doing here?" "Father sent me here." "Really?" Legolas asked. He clearly did not believe it. "He spoke nothing of this plan last time I went to Minas Tirith." Taesel wordlessly produced her father's letter he had given to her. Legolas opened it and read it. He kept staring at the short letter for a long time before Legolas' lips twitched as if in amusement. Taesel wasn't sure if it was a good thing or a bad one. "My dear, you would have to do better than that to commit your father's handwriting in forgery." There was open laughter in the old Elf's voice now. "He certainly does not add an extra curl to his first letters of every word and he also adds a certain dot in every sentence as a secret of letting me know it is truly his letter." Legolas pulled out a letter lying beneath the heap of his papers and Taesel gingerly looked over the real letter his father has written to Legolas and noticed the subtle differences. "Although I have to admit, to a lesser eye, you could have succeeded." But that doesn't make any difference, Taesel thought glumly. "Do I have to go back?" She asked him. Taesel dreaded as Legolas slowly curled the forged scroll in his fingers. But then he laughed merrily. "Oh I wouldn't mind a Princess walking about in my domain." "You wouldn't tell me to go back?" Taesel asked, unsure if she heard right. "No." Legolas said. "The way the court is, I am surprised that not everyone leaves it for good." Taesel sometimes thought Legolas detested the Gondorian court, with its constant politics, schemes and gossip. He certainly looked happier in his own domain or in Rohan, whenever he accompanied them to visit Edoras. "So tell me," Legolas said, drawing her out of her thoughts. "What was it that brought you to this forest?" He returned his attention to his work. He wouldn't tell her father about the forgery; one of the Elves under his command taught her how to do that. "I just wanted to leave the city for a while. Breathe the fresh air." Taesel went to the nearby table, pushed against a wall. A map was hanging on a rectangular wood above the table. Different coloured inks marked various areas of the Kingdom. Bored, she picked on each of them. Red dots meant hostiles from orcs, cults, potential spies. Red crosses meant robbers that robbed the travellers. Blue dots meant contacts that could range from nobles to beggars. Black lines meant areas of interest. "You will have to try better than that." Legolas said behind her. He hadn't moved from his seat. He hadn't even looked up. "You don't forge letters so that you can go into the wilderness; you forge letters when you are worried about something." Taesel did not answer. "Turn around, young lady and tell me what is on your mind." "Sometimes you see me too well," Taesel said, sighing and turning around. Finding the distance between them intimidating, she walked up to him and leaned against his desk. Legolas narrowed his eyes at her. His eyes were bright and sharp, the blue in them making it hard to hold his gaze any longer. She looked down and one finger absent-mindedly worried the corner of a parchment sticking out of the stack Legolas had on his table. "Father was speaking to me how some of the young Lords were growing to be very influential." Taesel said. "I know what he meant. Mother kept showing them to me and telling me what each of them liked or didn't like… how many of them you might approve them." Legolas understood. When Aragorn's daughters were growing, they became more beautiful like their mother as each day passed. Their Elven ancestry had come out strong in them. Aragorn was worried. Their positions as princesses were coupled with their beauty, making them the icon of power and desire. It didn't take long for the girls to understand. Legolas, as an Elf who remained aloof and governed the Gondorian court through his lack of words and his silent presence, he became a forbidding uncle. Legolas gave her a long calculating look. "Your parents have a good reason," he said at last. "Taesel, a good man will mean a good family and household-" "I don't want that for myself." Legolas sighed wearily. "You are acting like a petulant child." Taesel didn't say anything. She studied the ornate design etched into the sides of Legolas' desk. These were woodland flowers, with holes punched into the desk to accentuate the design. The edges went blurry as angry tears filled her eyes. She heard another sigh and a shift of the chair. Then a hand rested against the side of her head and she felt herself drawn in an embrace against Legolas' chest. "Hush," he said quietly. There was no rebuke in his words. Taesel snuggled deeper against him. She could smell the light scent of musk preferred by the men of Haradrim. It was a comforting scent. Legolas smelled that way as long as she could remember. "I didn't mean to upset you. Taesel, you are only looking on the day that comes tomorrow or the day after that. We are looking at your future. A time will come when your parents will no longer be there and they need to ensure you are well-taken care of." "You will be there!" Legolas rubbed his eyes wearily with one hand, the other still holding Taesel's head against his chest. The young woman had her arms around him tightly. "I will not always be there, little one." Legolas corrected. "The Sea calls and it is only through will that I am not answering it." "I can take care of myself," Taesel's voice sounded small even for it to be muffled. "A man not only looks after you but provides you companionship." Legolas said, pulling Taesel back. If he noticed the dampness on his shirt, then he didn't mention it. He knew how much Taesel hated it when anyone noticed she was crying. "You have home to call your own." Taesel said nothing. Legolas looked at her before shaking his head. "Come, enough tears. You came here to escape your parents and what they offered, so enjoy yourself. I will speak to your parents and see if we can reach an agreement." Legolas said. "I don't want to get married." Taesel's voice was still soft but it was firm. Legolas did not bother to reply to her declaration, and knew for her, it was a relief to blurt out something she probably kept inside for a long time. And Legolas liked the status of being a confidant. By now Legolas was used to such visits from any of Aragorn's girls when they wanted a friendly ear to hear them. "Is there anyone in particular that your father and mother were suggesting?" "A lord in Dol Amroth; Lord Bornivon." "Him? Do you know who told your father about him?" "No, but probably the advisors," Taesel said. Her eyes were dry now, and one heel was kicking against the leg of Legolas' desk. "They want to take part in arranging everyone's marriages these days." Legolas frowned. He had met him, and he was more of a coward and a boy than a lord. He was petulant, had a fondness for anything he could buy and a disturbing affection for young maids. Legolas did not know who advised Aragorn on this arrangement but Legolas would make sure Taesel would not marry him. But who would marry Taesel? She was a lady, born and bred. Legolas had seen her when she wanted to be most eloquent and it was remarkable when she put her thought to it. But it was very rare. She didn't want the life of the court. Taesel only smiled at court but her laugh was truest when she was racing over the plains on her horse or camping with the other Elves in the outer regions of Legolas' domains. Not even her sisters truly understood her love for the Wild. She was like Aragorn in a way. She loved the prospect of danger, of a life under the stars just like Aragorn did. Houses of stone seemed foreign to her even though she was born and bred there. "Why don't you go and get settled?" Legolas asked. "You might even be tired or hungry. Go." "I will. Thank you." She leaned over and pressed a kiss on his cheek before sliding off his table. "Don't overwork," she said sternly, wagging her finger at him as she went to the door. Legolas chuckled. "I won't." He said solemnly. Taesel grinned and stepped outside, closing the door behind him. He found Legolas' friend, Dorián, waiting for her outside. "Did he say you could stay?" The Elf