The Second Son Summary: How did Faramir, son of Denethor come to terms with his father's death? One night when he was offered no sleep, Faramir ponders on the past events of his life and a companion shows him the brightness of the future. Written for Teitho December Challenge "Memory". Constructive criticism is welcome. Flames aren't. Enjoy! ~S~ Minas Tirith, Gondor, Fourth Age, It was yet another restless night. I thought earlier when I retired that the open windows would give me some respite but it was not so. For one, no sleep came to me. And for another, the gust of cool night air that circulated through the room only heightened my senses. I sighed. Rest evaded me every night since I found out the true nature of my father's demise. The thought of sleep was uncomfortable; and I developed a strange feeling that if I fell into deep slumber, I'd awaken in a tomb of fire and be burned till I joined my father for eternity. The discomforting thought chased away all weariness in my body and I sat up till I leaned my back against the headboard. My fingers rose on their own accord, slipped under my shirt and traced the puckered scar of the arrow that pierced me. It was a flesh wound, the kind that should have healed and left me with only scar and a tale to tell my men. The dart did nothing. But the result of it was that I grew unconscious and suffered the Black Breath instead. It drove me to the death's door and my father to the depths of insanity. I circled it with the pad of my index finger and then I shook my head. If I needed to keep these dark thoughts, then I might as well face them, instead of burying them deep inside me as I continued to do for the past few days. I left the bed, since I never liked sleeping in unnecessarily. I pulled on a tunic over my shirt and habit forced me to grab my sword before I left the room. As I neared the door, however, my eyes fell on the Steward's staff. It sat with all its glory, a white rod with its bulbous head circled with bands of gold its very own display case. It was not the one that descended from one hand of the Steward to another. My father broke the previous staff in his madness and its remains burned with him. A new one was made for me to carry, from the branch of the White Tree. By code of court, it was something I must carry at all times but this late at night, I doubted protocol mattered much. Instead the seal I wore on my right hand and last finger would have to suffice. Marble and stone chilled much quickly than wood. So Minas Tirith often remained cooler throughout the year, even during the most intense days of summer. I inclined my head towards the guards I passed by, but otherwise I ignored them. There was no need to be armed when guards covered every door and window, but the feel of a weapon in my hands while I felt unease was comforting. So I continued on, with a sword clenched in my fist until I reached the throne room. The throne room; it was a creation of art. The floor was tiled black and white throughout the room. The ceiling was vaulted and supported by numerous pillars arranged in proper lines and between each pillar, a statue of a king of a long forgotten past loomed over most of the room. At one end of the room were two dual doors, nearly reaching the ceiling. On the other end, two thrones faced him. The first chair was at the ground, simpler and less extravagant. Beside it was a series of small steps that led to a higher chair. That chair was much more extravagant, with thick cushions, and found lettering along the edges. I stopped before them. The room was empty, aside from the statues that watched my every move with stony eyes. I first turned my gaze on the king's chair. Unnumbered years had passed and it was I who witnessed the king's coming among the Line of Stewards. When I was young, I often watched the servants clean and dust the king's throne, as if it waited for someone to fill it- someone who was not there. I was content with my life as the second son, even though my father spared nothing in making sure both sons were brought up equally. After Boromir's death, there were moments when I was on the line of duty, surrounded by the friends I made among the Rangers and in the wilderness that I often wondered if dark times were ahead. Then I turned my gaze towards the steward's chair… my chair. It was strange to think it was mine when all my years I watched my father fill it instead. As a second son, I was prepared for any unforeseen event by which my brother didn't succeed my father, but I truly never imagined the title would come to me. Even as I fixed my gaze on it, my thoughts ran first to my father. Memories were attached to that chair, and it was as if my father's presence oozed from it. I remembered him holding attendance at court, his declarations. I remembered his gestures, the way he sat or spoke. All of it was passed into memory. Whatever was left of him was the evidence of everything he touched or wore, like the Steward's ring upon my finger. Since the moment I was told precisely how my father left Arda, nearly everyone I spoke to avoided mentioning my father. Even the distant claim of his made everyone around me uncomfortable. What they saw of him was one or maybe two or three sides of him. But my father was a very complicated man. Father often said, "A man has many faces and he never shows all of them." I found it was indeed true. In my experience while dealing with men among the military as well as nobility, I noticed that one man behave differently when he faced a person of high rank than with any other. This helped me understand people greatly, and I became more adept at discerning a person's personality, loyalty, truthfulness and goals with such frightening clarity that some even deemed me distrustful. This was a gift I shared with my father. Boromir was also good in his own fashion, but it wasn't an instinct like me or my father. It was my father who noticed it first and helped me hone it until little passed by me. While I attributed the finesse of the gift to my father, the consequences of it were always different. I was more moved towards pity and mercy but he was mostly unmoved. He'd argue a man deserved due punishment for his crime while I protested, saying the man did it for the honour of his daughter… and it was the duty of the kingdom to ensure safety for its women. His dissatisfaction only deepened when I began to seek out Mithrandir whenever he visited Minas Tirith. My father was a quiet man, and rarely spoke, but his emotions and thoughts spoke volumes in his actions rather than his words. He never directly reprimanded me for my choice. Father himself possessed warring amounts of trust and distrust towards the Wizard. While Mithrandir and father didn't always agree, Mithrandir had his uses. And father was well aware of that. But these recollections were all very recent. He was a different man when I was approaching adulthood. He was stern, didn't tolerate insolence. I supposed it made sense; he was a father of two lively and loud boys, the elder of the two always picked fights and the younger of the two always scrambled away to read in peace! I suspected that as young boys, we gave our father an impressive amount of grief and anguish. We were both slightly reckless when we first started soldiering, Boromir more than I. One of our beginning missions went awry, and we were both feared to be dead. When we were returned to our father, safe from most hurts (Boromir suffered a flesh wound and I sported a sprained knee), father enveloped us both in fierce hugs and then gave us a scolding I never forgot. He stripped us of our privileges for a month, claiming if we were to behave as unruly boys, then he'd treat us that way. He never tried to take on the role of both mother and father, and he never remarried to replace our mother. Instead we had a nanny who looked after the both of us, well into our manhood, when she made sure our beds were readied and our favourite meals were for dinner when we returned to Minas Tirith. Now, I barely remembered father before mother's death; I was only five summers when she passed. I barely remembered even my mother. All I remembered were brief images, like her smile, her eyes and her hand caressing my head fondly. I remembered the sweet perfume my mother wore. But my brother was ten and he remembered much clearly. He told me mother was the light and joy of father. He was a grim man from the start, who rarely enjoyed humour, but he was a loving man. It was in his gruffness when he noted a wound we hid well, or when he bid us to rest while giving our reports. With mother gone, it was in his longing glance at her portrait he hung in his bedchamber. Father, by nature, was uncommon. As a person, he was a man of principle, who functioned along the law and order. He didn't take surprises kindly, and for this reason, I am told, he distrusted Thorongil greatly. They say a man's nature is his own and cannot be changed. And so it was true for my father as well. He held suspicion for anything of which he had no knowledge. Thorongil was among them. Perhaps his lack of confidence increased over the years, until he eyed everything with suspicion and distrust, including his own and sole son-myself- to be against him. I knew how my father was portrayed when the songs were sung concerning the War. He was quickly fashioned into a twisted form like a villain in a children's story. I put my father to blame partly for this; he was too distant, too aloof. To rule, you needed to win the hearts of the people, like my grandfather did, or like Aragorn did when he wore the cloak of 'Thorongil', the stranger who once served my grandfather. But my father thought it a waste of time and spent more time in the Citadel than out with the people. Boromir was marginally better but he always said it was I who truly held the people's hearts. "You have this air, little brother," he said to me once, without teasing or jesting. His face was solemn and his eyes were sincere. "You seem kingly and wise but you are not intimidating. There is gentleness in you that make everyone draw nearer to you. It makes them want to love you." I never gave it much thought, but later, during the War and after my brother passed away, I took comfort from it. My father grew increasingly difficult, and my loyalty towards him began to strain. It was the love Gondor showed me and which I returned that kept me strong. It was a lie to say I wasn't affected when he changed during the War. His sharp rebukes, his underlying words, his dissatisfaction at every choice I made, were burned forever in my mind. I held my tongue patiently since I knew the grief he felt at the news